Highlander Hellcat

PG-13 Version


By KuroKoneko Kamen




Copyright 2016 by KuroKoneko Kamen

Cover Design by Mathia Arkoniel

Smashwords Edition, License notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or give away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

This is a work of fiction. All characters are invented. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. 




Chapter 1: Jawbreaker

Garth Mackenzie, a Hellcat demon shifter living in San Francisco while trying to blend in among the humans, was in a rather ridiculous situation. He was trying to find a very special human female known as a Judge. A Judge was pure of heart and spirit, and had the power to redeem a demon of his or her sins in the eyes of God with their love. 
Currently, Garth was failing spectacularly in this quest to find true love. Thinking that human girls liked sweet things, Garth had opened a candy shop named Helltastic Confectionary. Garth’s knowledge of what human females liked was extremely limited, however, as were his interactions with human females. 
This was mostly because the majority of human females were scared away by his intimidating appearance. Garth was a large male at six-eight. He had a muscular physique that he’d gained from all the battles he’d fought over millennia, and battle scars covered most of his body. A scar ran over the bridge of his nose and lent to his fearsome appearance. He also had the habit of glaring at humans with his fierce golden eyes while not realizing what he was doing. 
Garth began to recall one human female that he’d met a few years ago while the Red Priest, Garth’s Archenemy, had held him prisoner in a dungeon that was positively medieval. The Red Priest had stuck an enchanted collar around his neck that had been carved with magical Druidic symbols. The magical collar had kept Garth trapped in his animal form. He’d been caged and treated just like an animal. 
Garth’s imprisonment was something he’d rather forget but he couldn’t forget the Battle Nun that had reached out to him. The Battle Nun had seemed very different from the other Battle Nuns and Battle Priests that worked for the Red Priest. She’d been a kind and gentle soul. And surprisingly she hadn’t been afraid of him. On the contrary she’d befriended him and had shared with him the candy she appeared to love. 
Garth hoped to meet the mysterious girl again someday, and this had been one of the motivating factors for deciding to open up a candy shop. The nun had been tolerable for a human. 
Unfortunately, Garth didn’t know much about the candy-loving nun. He didn’t even know her name. All he knew was that she was a Battle Nun working for the Red Priest. Her hair had been covered by her dark blue nun’s veil, and so he didn’t even know the color of her hair. 
The nun had kept her face lowered shyly, but Garth had caught a glimpse of her sparkling blue eyes that were filled with so much life. Still, this wasn’t much to go on. There were a lot of human females that had blue eyes after all. 
Garth was currently standing behind a large glass display case full of candy waiting for her to show up like a fool. The case had every type of candy imaginable: M&Ms, Gummi Bears, Swedish Fish, Twizzlers, Kit-Kats, Hershey’s Bars and Kisses, Starbursts, Toblerone, Milk Duds, Pixie Stix, Tootsie Roll Pops and more. 
The shifter let out a heavy sigh. He knew that waiting for his candy-loving nun to just magically appear was stupid. Also, because of his fierce golden eyes and murderous stare he kept scaring his would-be customers away before he could sell them a single piece of candy. 
It’d been like this for months, and now Garth didn’t have the money to pay the rent. His landlady was a dog-person named Mrs. Claire Barks that even Garth was unnerved by. He shuddered thinking how she would react to Garth telling her he still didn’t have the money to pay her what he owed. Garth could have asked his friends for money, but he didn’t want to burden them with his financial problems. 
Garth mused about whether or not he’d ever get a female customer who wasn’t scared away by his ferocious glare. He wasn’t like his charismatic friend Tristan Savant, a half-incubus demon who had pheromones, and made orgasmic chocolate that drove the human females wild. Garth’s candy was just…well, normal candy. 
The shifter groaned and put his face into his large hands. What the hell was he going to do? 
A few minutes later, the bell above the front door jingled as a customer stepped inside. Garth was refilling a large glass jar with Jawbreakers and turned around to see what kind of human girl had entered his shop. However, he groaned at the sight of an annoying, and rather troublesome acquaintance of his, Nerezza Cruso. 
Nerezza Cruso was a famous actress who happened to be a succubus demon. A masochistic sex demon. Garth couldn’t deny Nerezza was attractive. She was tall with voluptuous curves and porcelain-like skin. Her long, wavy black hair went down to her waist. “Hi, Sweet Cheeks.” Nerezza greeted with a wave. 
Sweet Cheeks? A muscle ticked beneath Garth’s eye in irritation at the ridiculous nickname. 
The succubus’s black dress was very low-cut and Garth couldn’t stop his gaze from zeroing in on her cleavage. He doubted any man could resist the temptation to ogle her. 
“Did you miss me?” Nerezza teased in a singsong voice, a glint in her hazel green eyes. “I bet you did.” 
Garth shook his head to clear it of his lewd thoughts. No! He wouldn’t let himself get carried away by her pace. “What are you doing here, you wicked lass?” He demanded in a low voice and angrily crossed his arms over his broad chest. 
Nerezza tapped her index finger against her pouty bottom lip while giving Garth an innocent look. “How cruel. Is that any way to treat a paying customer, hmm?” 
Garth raised a suspicious eyebrow at Nerezza. “Paying? You actually going to buy something this time?” 
Nerezza smiled seductively. “Of course. I have to help a sex friend, sorry, friend in need.” The succubus sashayed her way over to the glass display case Garth was standing behind. “I don’t really like candy, but…I do like those little cakes you know how to make.” 
Garth waved a hand at the case containing the petit fours he’d made early that morning. “You mean the petit fours?” 
There was a mischievous twinkle in Nerezza’s eyes. “Yes…them.” The succubus intently peered down at the iced, ornamented, square-shaped cakes that could be eaten in one or two bites. “Fascinating that such a big, powerful guy like you can make such tiny, delicate little cakes. I’ll take a dozen to go, please.” 
“Aye.” Garth picked up a pair of stainless steel kitchen tongs and a white, cardboard pastry box, and began to select an assortment of petit fours for Nerezza. He looked up and noticed Nerezza was leaning over the counter while showing off her cleavage. He gulped, and accidentally dropped one of his petit fours. He pretended it didn’t happen, and placed another inside of the box casually. Garth closed the box, tied it shut with a red ribbon, and handed it to Nerezza. “That will be forty dollars.” 
Nerezza reached into her cleavage and pulled out her leopard print wallet. She opened her wallet and pulled out a fifty-dollar bill, which she handed to Garth. “Keep the change.” 
“Ah, no, that’s not necessary.” Garth objected as he took the fifty-dollar bill. 
Nerezza smiled knowingly. “You dropped one, didn’t you?” 
“Tch. Whatever.” Garth walked over to the register, pressed a button on it, and put the fifty-dollar bill inside. When he turned back around it was to see Nerezza eating the petit fours messily. “What are you doing, lass?” 
“Eating.” Nerezza replied innocently as she sucked on a petit four sensually before plopping it into her mouth. 
Garth felt himself get turned on. Crap. Nerezza hadn’t even released her pheromones yet. 
Nerezza picked up a cake that had a lot of white icing on it, and ate it messily so that the icing began to drip down onto her cleavage. “Oh dear, I’m making such a mess.” The succubus ran her finger into the icing and then sucked on her finger while looking at Garth with a heated gaze. 
Garth could feel himself get even more turned on. “Crap, Nerezza, get the hell out of here. I know what you’re up to. If Gabriel finds you here, he’s gonna freak.” 
Nerezza frowned at the mention of Garth’s Guardian Angel. “That angel is such a killjoy. What’s the harm in two adults having a little adult fun? Hmm?” 
Her offer was very tempting. The shifter sighed and ran a hand back through his short, spiky orange hair. “Nerezza, I’m trying to find my human Judge so that I can be redeemed. You should be doing the same.” 
Nerezza pouted. “But while we wait for our Judges to show up we might as well keep each other company. Hmm?” The succubus released her pheromones towards Garth. 
The scent of jasmine hit Garth’s senses and his jeans felt overly tight. He found himself considering Nerezza’s offer. No! Nerezza deserved better. She deserved to find true love with a human. She deserved better than a one-night stand. 
Garth made his way around the counter and approached Nerezza. He grabbed her arm and began to escort her towards the door. “Time to go, Nerezza.” 
“Ooo, Garth, I love it when you’re so forceful with me.” Nerezza was flushed and practically panting over Garth’s rough treatment of her. 
Garth shoved her out of his shop, but not before whispering in Nerezza’s ear: “You deserve better, bonny lass.” 
Nerezza blushed ferociously at Garth’s kind words as the door was shut in her face. What a man. I wonder who his Judge is. I’m kind of jealous of her.
Half an hour later, the bell above the front door jingled as the door opened, and Garth looked up to see a group of three human girls step inside of his shop. Garth’s desolate expression turned hopeful. The girls were chatting amongst themselves and texting away on their smart phones, and so hadn’t even noticed Garth yet. 
Okay, smile, smile. Garth thought to himself as he smiled at the girls in what he hoped was an inviting, friendly smile. 
The girls glanced in his direction and then did a double take. The girls’ eyes bulged, their jaws dropped, and they craned their necks up and up in order to see Garth’s face. 
Garth’s smile widened and he didn’t realize he was now showing off his abnormally sharp canines. 
The three girls screamed loudly for several seconds, turned around, and fled to the door. They ended up getting stuck in the doorway in their haste to escape Garth’s evil clutches, and began to push and shove each other frantically as they tried to get free. 
What did I do wrong? Garth wondered, with the feral smile still on his face. 
Someone smacked Garth hard on the back of his head with a whack! “Ow! What the hell?” Garth bellowed as he turned to glare at the empty space beside him. 
Slowly, the being that hit Garth began to materialize. “That smile on your face…is awful. It’s no wonder you haven’t managed to find your Judge yet. You look like the Big Bad Wolf, and those girls think they’re little piggies.” Standing next to Garth was Archangel Gabriel. Correction. Rogue Archangel Gabriel, who also happened to be Garth’s assigned Guardian Angel. Gabriel’s sharp, dark blue eyes were currently glaring at Garth with obvious disgust.
Like Garth, the angel had a warrior’s physique that had been gained in the countless battles he’d fought for God over millennia throughout the universe. His short, platinum blonde hair had been gelled carefully into spikes and had blue tips. The Archangel’s armor consisted of a steel breastplate, matching arm bracers and greaves. Beneath the armor the angel wore black leather, and he also had on a pair of combat boots. Lending to the angel’s unusual punky yet ferocious appearance were his several ear piercings, and the spikes that covered his silver armor. 
The Archangel shook his head at Garth and tsked. “Pathetic.” A lit cigarette dangled from between his lips. 
The smile fell from Garth’s face, and turned into a scowl as he glared back at the meddlesome angel. He raised an eyebrow at the new ear piercings he noticed in Gabriel’s ear. “You’re one to talk. Have you looked in a mirror lately? You know, angels are supposed to be more…” Garth waved his hand through the air as he searched his mind for the right word. “Majestic.” 
Gabriel took a drag from his cigarette and blew a cloud of smoke right into Garth’s face. “I’m not that kind of angel.” 
Gabriel wasn’t your typical Archangel, but a Rogue one. This was because more than five centuries ago, Gabriel decided to disagree with God on His decision that unlike humans - demons did not have a chance at redemption through believing in Jesus Christ. 
Gabriel had felt it was unfair that the sinful humans could repent of their sins in the name of Jesus Christ and get redeemed - when demons that repented of their rebellion against God could not do the same. 
Gabriel had seen that there was still some good left in the angels who’d rebelled against God with Lucifer, and that many of them deserved a second chance. In order to prove this to God, Gabriel had made a bet on Joan of Arc’s forbidden love for the demon Dantalion. Dantalion had chosen to give his life in order to protect the human woman he loved, and God saw that the demon deserved to be redeemed because of Joan’s love for Dante. 
Because of these events that had transpired, God agreed to let Gabriel travel to the realm of Hell along with his sister Uriel where they tried to recruit demons for a chance at redemption. It was Gabriel and Uriel’s duty to inform the demons that God had decided to give them a second chance. In exchange for the demon’s memories of Heaven and Hell, Gabriel had the power to send the demon to Earth where he or she would then need to find a human Judge that could redeem them with their love.
Garth had no memories of this, but apparently Gabriel had convinced him to take this very deal. Garth’s memories had been exchanged for passage to Earth in order to find his fated human Judge. Even now, Garth felt it sounded farfetched. He had no real interest in love or romance. He scratched his head thoughtfully. Nor did he really understand love. Now, lust he understood. 
“Yeah, you’re just an annoying pain in my butt.” Garth agreed. 
A muscle beneath Gabriel’s eye ticked in irritation. “I’m a pain in your butt? You’re the one who’s a pain in my butt. I can’t believe I got assigned to be your Guardian Angel. I have better things; more important things to be doing than babysitting you while you try to find your human Judge!” 
“Babysitting?” Garth’s eyes flashed red with anger. “You better stop there, bastard angel. You’re making me angry.” 
“Don’t you dare shift here, idiot.” Gabriel’s blue eyes flashed and he unexpectedly punched Garth hard across the face. “You already scared away those girls earlier and you were in human form. How do you think the human females will react if they see an enormous demonic tiger suddenly appear inside of this candy shop?” 
Garth wiped a trickle of blood from the corner of his mouth with the back of his hand. He gave Gabriel an incredulous look. “That was supposed to calm me down? Crap. Now I’m even more pissed off at you, you jerk!” Garth quickly retaliated and punched Gabriel hard across the face next. 
Gabriel’s cigarette flew out of his mouth, but the angel caught it in midair using his quick reflexes, and put it out between his thumb and index finger. “I don’t have time to deal with your temper tantrums. I should be in Hell recruiting new demons for God’s Army. Trying to help you find true love is…a lost cause. A waste of time. You never listen to my advice. What do I have to do to knock some sense into you! Huh?” Gabriel grabbed Garth by the front of his T-shirt, pulled him forward, and then headbutt him hard. 
Garth saw stars from the blow. “Oh that’s it, you annoying angel!” The shifter growled as he headbutt Gabriel back. 
“Bloody hell!” Gabriel swore angrily and blood trickled down his face. 
“I thought angels couldn’t swear.” Garth said mockingly. 
“Screw you!” Gabriel snarled as he swung a punch at Garth’s head. 
Garth dodged the punch and Gabriel’s fist went flying into one of the glass shelves behind Garth that had been stacked with candy. The glass shelf shattered and glass jars filled with candy hit the floor and shattered too. “Oh, you are so paying for that, angel!” Garth threw a punch at Gabriel. 
This time Gabriel dodged sideways and Garth’s fist ended up smashing a gigantic glass jar that had been filled with Hot Tamales. “Crap.” Garth lamented as he watched the red, spicy cinnamon candy spill onto the floor. “Those are my favorite.” 
Garth was distracted by the falling candy and ended up getting punched right in the nose by Gabriel. Garth’s nose was broken and blood gushed down his face. 
Gabriel clenched his hands into fists at his sides, panting for breath. “What the hell do you know about me, huh? About what I’m going through…” The angel trailed off. 
Huh? Garth blinked and began to realize that today’s fight with Gabriel wasn’t about him at all. Garth mentally scolded himself that he should have realized this earlier since Gabriel could be a real jerk sometimes, but he wasn’t a total creep. 
Something was obviously bothering the angel. And since Gabriel was usually such a cold, emotionless guy…it must be something major. “What are you going through?” 
Gabriel let out a defeated breath. Garth was the last person he wanted to unload his problem on but it wasn’t like he had very many options. “It’s my sister Uriel. She’s in love with a playboy vampire. He is not worthy to breathe the same air as my sister.” The angel grit his teeth at the mere thought of that vampire getting anywhere near his beloved sister. 
“Uriel’s in love with a vampire?” Garth’s eyebrows rose in surprise and he reached out to pat Gabriel on the shoulder. “Tough luck, man. What do the humans always say? You don’t choose who you love, you just do? But…is that even allowed? I mean, can angels fall in love?”  
Gabriel let out another sigh, this one even heavier. “No, of course not. Angels are not allowed to fall in love with humans. Especially humans that have turned into soulless immortal vampires. Though the creep did recently get his soul back somehow. Crap. I need a smoke.” Gabriel took out a new cigarette, lit it and took a long drag on it. “She could lose her wings over this.” There was a slight tremor in Gabriel’s voice.
Ah, so this is why he started smoking. Garth thumped Gabriel on the back in what he thought was a consoling gesture. “There, there.” 
Gabriel’s lips twitched in amusement. “Good thing I have armor on or else you’d have broken my spine.” 
Garth pulled his hand away and looked down at it. He still had trouble at times controlling his monstrous strength. This was one of the reasons why Garth had decided to learn how to make candy and petit fours. It took a lot of skill, concentration, and finesse not to screw up making a miniature cake or specially shaped lollipop. And if he could handle something as fragile as a cake then Garth could theoretically handle a fragile human female. 
Garth frowned as a sudden thought came to him. “But I don’t understand. If God has allowed demons the chance to be redeemed by falling in love with a human, then why can’t angels fall in love with humans?” 
“Do you know the story of Noah’s Arc?” Gabriel asked. 
Garth nodded. “Aye.” 
“Well, the reason that God decided to flood the Earth was because his Archangels had seen that the daughters of men were beautiful and had decided to takes wives for themselves. The union of angels and humans ended up producing the Nephilim. These humans ended up having powers that humanity was not supposed to possess, and some of them were giants, such as Goliath.”
“Goliath was a Nephilim?” 
“Indeed. Anyways, the union of angels and man disrupted the balance of the universe. And because of this God deemed it a necessary evil to wipe them from the face of the Earth. However, times have changed and God is desperate for new allies in his fight against Evil. That’s why He’s decided to break his own rule and allow demons fall in love with humans for the sake of their redemption, and so that God can gain new warriors for his Holy Army.” Gabriel explained. 
“That doesn’t seem fair.” Garth pointed out. 
Gabriel shrugged. “It’s not about fair. It’s about what’s right and it’s about preserving the delicate balance of the universe. Uriel is being selfish by falling in love with a vampire.” 
The bell above the front door jingled as two young women stepped inside the shop. They looked at Garth standing behind the display case with blood covering his face from his broken nose, and Gabriel who also had blood trickling down his face from his forehead. The two girls looked at each other, screamed like banshees, and fled the shop. Garth sighed and ran a hand over his spiky orange hair. 
Gabriel had quickly willed his wings and armor to disappear with a snap of his fingers, so that he’d at least appear human to the girls who’d entered the shop so unexpectedly. “Yeah, that was my fault this time.” Gabriel admitted. “Sorry.” 
Garth raised an eyebrow at Gabriel, surprised by the apology. He also noticed the myriad of scars on Gabriel’s arms that had been covered up by his arm bracers. Wicked scars. Garth cringed. Those scars were probably from demons who’d needed a lot of convincing to seek redemption. He may have even put a few of those scars there himself. “Naw, don’t worry about it. I’m about to close up shop anyways. I have…things to go do.” Garth said evasively. 
Gabriel frowned and eyed Garth suspiciously. “You’re going to another underground fight club, aren’t you?” 
“Aye.” Garth agreed nonchalantly as he made his way around the counter and headed towards the front door. He flipped the open closed store sign from ‘Come in we’re open’ to ‘Sorry we’re closed’, and locked the door. 
Gabriel felt a headache coming on. “You should be concentrating on finding your Judge instead of trying to find the Red Priest and getting revenge.” 
“It’s not just about revenge.” Garth let out a frustrated huff. “It’s about my responsibilities to Clan MacWulver as their Clan Chief.” The shifter puffed out his chest. “My clansmen are still being held prisoner by the Red Priest while trapped in their animal forms. Every night they’re being forced to fight Battle Nuns and Battle Priests while a bunch of rich humans bet on the outcomes of those fights. When I managed to escape, I promised them that I would return and free them. I can’t abandon my people.” There was a passionate light in Garth’s golden eyes. 
Gabriel took a drag from his cigarette. He sighed. The demon was as stubborn as a mule. “Alright, fine, but I’m coming with you. I can’t have you dying before you find your Judge.” 
Garth smirked. “I didn’t know you wanted me to get laid so badly. I’m touched.” 
“Smart alec.” 
“You can come, but no one can see you.” 
Gabriel nodded. “Indeed. I’ll go like this.” The angel turned himself invisible slowly until only his smile was left. 
“That is so creepy.” Garth shook his head at Gabriel’s Cheshire smile. “You know there are a lot of men who would die for the ability to turn themselves invisible so that they could peep on women without them knowing.” 
“P-Pervert.” Gabriel stammered. “I’ve never had such an impure thought!” 
“Uh huh.” Garth chuckled lowly. “You really need to get out more, angel.” 
 ***
Outside of Helltastic Confectionary, Garth mounted his orange and black Ducati motorcycle. He turned on the engine, pulled out of his parking spot, and headed to an abandoned warehouse located next to Pier 70. This is where the underground fight club Garth had found out about this time was scheduled to meet. 
There were various secret, illegal, underground fight clubs that met in San Francisco, but Garth was looking for a very specific one. One where humans fought against animals, or what appeared to be animals, but were in reality demon shifters trapped in their animal forms. 
As Garth neared the dilapidated warehouse he saw several expensive cars and motorcycles parked outside the building. The fancy cars looked out of place next to a low, crumbling brick wall that was covered with graffiti. The wealthy always had more money than they knew what to do with, and enjoyed betting on the underground fights. Most of the fights Garth participated in had no rules and many were to the death. 
Garth parked his motorcycle next to a line of Harleys and KTMs, and dismounted. A rush of biting cold wind and the sound of flapping wings alerted him that an invisible Gabriel had just touched down on the ground beside him. 
Undeterred by the warehouse’s haunting exterior, Garth strode to the front door and knocked loudly. The front door had seen better days and the red paint was peeling off of it. A little rectangular-shaped slat slid sideways at eye level and a creepy white mask peered out at Garth. “Password?” 
Garth’s information broker, a vampire escort named Dominic Wilde, had found out the password for him using unsavory means. “The Hanged Man.” 
The door opened and Garth was allowed inside. The place was packed with humans wearing white masks, which hid the features of their faces. They were wearing the masks in case the police busted the place. The humans were seated in stands that surrounded a bare area of the floor that acted as the fighting arena. The setup was simple, and not as ritzy as some of the fight club venues Garth had visited before. 
A match was currently in progress, and the masked humans in the stands were loudly placing bets on the outcome of the fight. Garth looked at the fighters with interest. They appeared to be two normal human fighters. Both were male, muscular, and apparently skilled in kickboxing. One of the men sent a roundhouse kick into the jaw of his opponent and a cracking sound ripped through the air. The man fell back onto the dusty, warehouse floor where he remained unmoving. 
“Winner - Bob Diesel!” The fight’s emcee cried. 
The crowd of humans in the stands called out various exclamations depending on which fighter they’d bet on. “Whoo!” “Yeah!” “Boo!” 
The emcee walked over to Bob, grabbed his fist, and held it up into the air as the crowd either booed or cheered the man’s victory. “Who has the guts to challenge Bob Diesel next?” The emcee called out loudly towards a group of street fighters who were standing close by. 
Garth was about to volunteer when a man beat him to it. Garth raised an eyebrow at the street fighter who didn’t look like a fighter at all. The man appeared to be in his late forties, and was dressed in a slick Armani suit along with polished Ferragamos on his feet. He wasn’t overly muscular, but didn’t appear to be out of shape either. The man had short black hair and sharp brown eyes. “What’s that salaryman doing? He’s about to get his butt kicked.” Garth muttered in a low voice. 
“That’s no salaryman.” Gabriel countered in a grim tone by Garth’s side. 
“Ugh.” Garth rubbed at his ear in irritation. “Don’t breathe into my ear like that. It’s creepy.” 
Gabriel bristled at Garth’s insult but kept quiet. 
“Contestants…take your stance.” The emcee called out. “Fight!” 
Mr. Salaryman strode onto the makeshift arena and faced the kickboxer. The kickboxer got into a fighting stance. 
As soon as the emcee yelled out the word ‘fight’, the kickboxer attacked the salaryman who began to dodge the man’s punches and kicks with startling ease and obviously well-honed reflexes. “Not bad.” Garth admitted as he watched the fight. “I wonder if he knows the Red Priest.” 
In the blink of an eye, the salaryman reached into his jacket, pulled out a .45 and fired it at the kickboxer. The shot rang out loudly within the empty warehouse. The kickboxer had been shot right between the eyes, and fell over onto the arena floor. Dead. 
“Bloody hell.” Garth swore at this unexpected turn of events. “What coward brings a gun to a fist fight?” 
“Winner - Mr. Armstrong!” The emcee walked over and tentatively grabbed Mr. Armstrong’s hand and held it high. 
Mr. Armstrong yanked his arm out of the emcee’s grasp. “Who’s next, gentlemen?” He addressed the group of gathered fighters, his gun still in hand, and a creepy smile plastered on his pale face. 
“That man is a rogue assassin. Ex-CIA.” Gabriel started to warn Garth in a hushed voice. “And now he’s off his master’s leash, trying to get cash by doing the only thing he’s good at - killing. His nickname in the criminal underworld is One Bullet Man. He’s extremely dangerous. He supposedly defeats his targets with a single bullet.” 
“One Bullet Man?” Garth raised an eyebrow at the cheesy nickname. “Who comes up with this crap? I wonder if he knows where the Red Priest is?” He started to head for the arena. 
Gabriel put a hand on Garth’s shoulder to try and stop him. “Did you hear a single word of what I just said, idiot?” 
“Aye, I heard you. And I don’t care. Bullets won’t work on me, remember?” Garth reminded the angel. 
“Stubborn demon,” Gabriel shook his head, “Don’t take any headshots or else the spectators will realize you’re not human.” 
“Yes, Mom.” Garth agreed in a sarcastic tone as he strode out onto the arena and raised his hand confidently. “I’ll give it a go.” Time for some sophisticated interrogation techniques. 
Gabriel wondered how Garth would go about asking One Bullet Man if he knew the Red Priest’s whereabouts. He’ll probably be really subtle…there is a crowd of humans here after all. 
“Alright! We have a brave challenger!” The emcee declared happily as he waved his hand in Garth’s direction. “What’s your name?” 
“Just call me Scarface.” Garth said. 
“Place your bets, everyone. Who do you think will win? Mr. Armstrong or Scarface?” The emcee waited for Garth and One Bullet Man to take their fighting stances before giving the go-ahead. “Fighters…begin!” 
One Bullet Man pointed his gun at Garth and smiled thinly. “You’re either very brave or very stupid, young man. Do you really think you can dodge bullets?” 
Garth shrugged, a dangerous glint in his golden eyes. “Try me.” Maximum effort. 
One Bullet Man fired his gun at Garth and the shifter stepped to the side quickly. One Bullet Man blinked in confusion. The young man in front of him had actually dodged his shot! This had never happened before. But that’s…impossible. It can only be luck. The assassin smiled creepily. “You have the devil’s luck, kid. But your luck is about to run out.” 
“Wrong.” Garth countered as he charged forward recklessly. “I am the devil.” 
One Bullet Man fired his gun at Garth again, and the shifter dodged the bullets. Garth took a bullet to the shoulder once he was finally only a foot away from One Bullet Man since he was now close enough to finally swing a punch at the assassin’s head. But One Bullet Man bent backwards, and avoided the punch, showing off his athleticism. 
Garth’s fist went flying over One Bullet Man’s torso. One Bullet Man straightened fast and holstered his gun so that he’d be able to block a kick Garth sent his way next with his forearm. 
“If it’s hand-to-hand combat you want so badly, young man - it’s hand-to-hand combat you’ll get. You’ve earned it.” One Bullet Man declared as he got into a fighting stance. 
Garth grinned at the assassin, showing off his sharp canines on purpose. “Do you know where the Red Priest is?” The shifter threw a punch One Bullet Man’s way. 
One Bullet Man frowned at the question, and blocked the punch. “The Red Priest?” 
“Don’t play dumb! Where is the Red Priest! Scumbags like you flock together. You must know where he is!” Garth flung another punch and this one had his full strength behind it. 
The assassin blocked the punch with his forearm and was surprised when his bone shattered. Hellfire! He was barely able to hold back his scream of pain.  
Gabriel scrubbed a hand down his face as he let out a groan. Oh man, this is how Garth carries out his interrogations? Where the hell did he get the idea to do things like this anyways? 
One Bullet Man reacted on instinct, unholstered his gun with his good hand, and fired multiple shots into Garth’s torso all at once. 
Garth’s eyes flashed red in anger as he began to stalk towards One Bullet Man. Blood oozed out of the bullet wounds on Garth’s chest and stained his white T-shirt. “Where’s the Red Priest!” 
One Bullet Man gawked at Garth; amazed he was still standing and dropped his gun. It was useless against a monster like this anyways. “I don’t know…I swear!” He put his hands up in a surrendering gesture. 
Garth stopped directly in front of the assassin. “Frickin useless.” The shifter sent an uppercut into One Bullet Man’s chin that sent him flying upwards. The assassin landed on the floor, several feet away, where he lay unmoving. 
“Whoo!” “Boo!” The crowd of betting humans made a ruckus as they witnessed the outcome of the fight. 
Garth turned his sights on the group of street fighters that was still standing by. “Do any of you know where the Red Priest is?” Garth reached into his jeans pocket and pulled out a crude drawing of a brown-haired man in a red priest’s robe. 
Gabriel experienced a feeling of déjà vu as he watched Garth do this, and realized that he’d seen a similar occurrence in the movie Deadpool. No more superhero movies for Garth. Gabriel decided firmly. 
The street fighters all shot each other nervous, confused looks, and shrugged as Garth stalked towards them. “Answer me!” Garth demanded before attacking the closest fighter, who was forced to fight back in order to defend himself. 
Crap’s gonna hit the fan. Gabriel thought as he rubbed his temples with his index fingers. 
The emcee could see where things were going and quickly took the initiative. “Okay, everyone, place your bets! Who will win? All of them against…Scarface!” 
“And that creep just had to encourage him.” Gabriel shook his head at the emcee. 
The street fighters attacked Garth en masse and there was instant chaos on the arena floor. Violent, merciless punches and kicks went flying through the air, and Garth dodged some but took others. 
Garth began to get serious, and his punches and kicks started to literally send men flying across the floor to the other side of the empty warehouse. The crowd of betting humans gasped at Garth’s display of superhuman strength. It was like watching an action flick. 
“WHERE IS THE RED PRIEST?” Garth roared, beginning to lose his patience. 
Gabriel was surprised Garth didn’t start beating his chest like a gorilla. “So much for keeping a low profile, crazy Scotsman.” The Archangel sighed and rubbed his temples again. He had a splitting headache at this point. 
A fighter with a mohawk took out two daggers and attacked Garth with them from behind. He imbedded both daggers into Garth’s back and the shifter roared out in pain. Garth spun around, and backhanded the man, sending him flying. Garth reached behind his back, pulled out the daggers, and tossed them aside. The bloody daggers skidded across the dusty floor. 
Garth was starting to get angry. These useless humans were beginning to really piss him off. His eyes flashed red and he felt the urge to shift into his Hellcat form rise within him. He resisted it. Barely. 
“This is not good.” Gabriel noted as he saw a few orange hairs appear on Garth’s face. 
An Asian man with a samurai sword strapped to his back approached Garth next. The swordsman unsheathed his katana and pointed it at Garth fearlessly. 
“A sword? A swordsman. Are you a Battle Priest?” Garth demanded hotly as he charged the swordsman head on. All of the Battle Priests that Garth had faced fought with swords though they were usually medieval claymores, broadswords or great swords. “Do you know where the Red Priest is?” 
The stoic swordsman silently got into a fighting stance and waited for Garth’s approach. Garth sent a straight right towards the man’s face while the swordsman lunged his sword into Garth’s stomach. The swordsman was punched and sent flying back. 
Garth looked down at the sword stuck in his stomach, pulled it out, and tossed it aside. The swordsman scrambled to his feet, ran to fetch his sword, and then charged Garth from behind. He hadn’t given up just yet. 
Hellfire! Even Garth will die if he’s decapitated. “Garth! Look out behind you!” Gabriel called out a warning. 
Garth spun and caught the blade with his bare hand. The shifter clenched his hand around the sword and the katana’s blade shattered. The swordsman sunk to his knees in defeat. Garth glared down at the swordsman with a murderous look in his golden eyes. “Where is he?” 
The swordsman frowned, shook his head helplessly, and finally spoke. “I don’t know.”
Garth let out a roar of frustration and reached his hands out towards the swordsman. He was probably intending to crush the man’s skull with his bare hands, Gabriel realized. “No, Garth. Enough.” The angel put his hand on Garth’s chest, stopping him in his tracks. “None of these guys know anything. Let’s get the hell out of here before you end up shifting.” 
Garth was breathing heavily and he took deep gulping breaths as he tried to calm himself down. “Screw it…you’re right. These guys are useless. Let’s get the hell out of here.” Garth turned and stalked towards the exit. Crap. Another dead end. This underground fight club was another bust. 
No one tried to stop Garth as he left the warehouse. And Garth forgot to ask the emcee for the money he’d won. Once outside, Garth mounted his Ducati, turned on the engine, and headed back to his candy shop Helltastic Confectionary. The candy shop took up the first floor of a three-story building that Garth was renting. Garth lived on the second floor and the third floor served as his own personal training room and gym. 
Less than half an hour later, Garth was parking his Ducati outside of his shop. He opened the door to his shop and shut the door behind him. He began to head towards the back, but ended up collapsing on the floor. Ah, blood loss. Crap. He’d just have to lie there and regenerate. He could feel his body pushing out the bullets and healing. Ouch. 
He’d failed his fellow shifters again. God, I’m so pathetic. Why can’t I remember where that fight club was…dang it. Why do all these fight clubs look the same? 
Garth ended up passing out on the floor, and then he dreamed of the past. Five centuries ago, when he’d found himself lying in the middle of a stone henge somewhere in the Scottish Highlands without his memories. 
To be continued in…Candy 2: Bubblegum Pink




Chapter 2: Bubblegum Pink

FLASHBACK
Scottish Highlands
Year 1516
Garth felt like crap. It felt like all the bones in his body had been broken with a sledgehammer. And he couldn’t remember what the hell had happened to him. His mind was slow and muddled. He sensed movement beside him. His instincts kicked in and he reached out to grab someone’s wrist. A startled gasp reached his ears. 
“Oh crap!” A panicked female voice exclaimed. “Malakye told me that Garth can’t see me or else I could screw up the timeline.” 
Garth blinked his bleary eyes open, his brow furrowed in confusion. A woman? With…pink hair? Garth reached out and fingered a lock of the strangely colored hair. “Pink…?” 
The young woman tugged her thin wrist out of Garth’s hold. This pissed him off since under normal circumstances she wouldn’t have been able to break his iron hold. The fact that she could break his hold was a testament to just how injured he was. 
“Take care of yourself…Garth.” The woman whispered so softly that he had to strain his ears to hear her. 
Garth tried to remain conscious. He wanted to ask the woman so many questions. Who was she? Why was she helping him? What was her name? His pink-haired angel. And who…was he? Against his will he sunk back into unconsciousness. 
When Garth next awoke it was to a splitting headache and the sound of two voices speaking close to him. “That’s bizarre. Someone has already tended to his wounds.” A deep, throaty female voice with an odd accent reached his ears. 
“Whoever it was did a splendid job.” A male voice - deep, confident, but also with that same strange accent. “Though he is immortal his spine was snapped in two, but he should be fine now. Whoever saved him is a genius and highly skilled in the medical arts. Even an immortal can die if their spine is snapped and doesn’t start to heal on its own. Whoever gave him this medical treatment saved his life.” 
The woman clucked her tongue. “Gabriel went too far this time. Why would he do this?” 
“I’m not sure. Maybe he just made him angry?” The male joked in a sarcastic tone. “But I intend to find out.” 
Garth forced his eyes open so that he could see who the hell was talking about him. The first thing Garth noticed about the buxom beauty was her long, bright, orange-colored hair that reminded Garth of tangerines. Her bright blue eyes came into view next. There was a playful, mischievous twinkle in those eyes of hers. The female was wearing a red and black tartan plaid dress that hugged her voluptuous curves. 
But her hair was not pink. So she was not the woman who’d saved him. His mysterious pink-haired angel. 
Garth turned his head slightly so he could see the man that she was with. He only saw the red and black kilt he was wearing, the sword strapped to his side, and had to crane his neck to look up since the man was so tall. This man had a muscular, warrior’s physique and a commanding presence. A powerful aura surrounded the man, which immediately put Garth on his guard. This man was dangerous. The features of the man’s face were rugged and chiseled. He had wavy black hair that had been slicked back over his head and secured into a ponytail at the base of his neck. 
The dark-haired man noticed that Garth was awake and staring at him. He offered Garth a friendly smile that didn’t quite reach his intelligent green-gray eyes. “Hey, you’re awake. Don’t worry. You’re safe now and among friends. We’re here to help you, lad.” 
“Where…?” Garth’s voice cracked as he tried to speak. His voice was as dry as sandpaper from disuse. He swallowed and tried again. “Where am I?” 
The man grinned proudly. “A land called Scotland. You’re in the Scottish Highlands.” 
“Scotland.” Garth murmured as he peered past his two companions. They appeared to be at the top of a grassy hill. Surrounding them was a circle of enormous, rectangular-shaped upright stones. There was something about the placement of the stones that made Garth think that they had some kind of supernatural purpose. 
Garth realized that he was lying in the very center of that circle of stones. In the distance, Garth could see a mountain range. Everything in this land appeared to be so green. Garth could feel the soft, lush grass beneath his hand and ran his hand over it. So soft. The air was chill, but crisp and fresh. Garth breathed in deep. 
The air was so different from the sweltering, dusty, sulfur-filled air he was used to breathing in. Garth caught himself in the middle of his train of thought. Wait, a minute. The air he was used to breathing? But where had that been? Garth’s brow furrowed as he tried to remember where he’d come from. He also noted that the land appeared different from stretches of black volcanic land that oozed glowing, orange lava and barren deserts of golden sand. Where was that? Garth’s head throbbed painfully. He couldn’t remember. 
In fact, Garth couldn’t remember anything about himself, just a name that had been whispered into his ear by the pink-haired angel. “Take care of yourself…Garth.” She’d told him. 
Garth. Was that his name? He couldn’t remember. He couldn’t…remember! A feeling of panic swept through him as he realized that his memories were missing. “Who…am I?” He demanded of the two strangers peering down at him. 
The woman placed a comforting hand on his arm. “Shhh, don’t worry, lad. All your questions will be answered very soon. But now you should rest.” 
Garth didn’t want to fall back asleep. He wanted answers, dang it! But his injured body was still recovering from its wounds, and so he fell asleep again. 
 ***
When Garth next awoke, he felt a comfortable mattress beneath him. The aches and pains he’d been feeling were almost completely gone. He felt much more alert and he could feel his monstrous strength returning to him. A soft, melodious humming reached his ears, and he realized he wasn’t alone in the room. 
Garth sat up quickly and turned his head to see the redhead from before. She was seated in a chair beside his bed with a plate on her lap while she cut a juicy red apple into slices. Her sharp blue gaze shifted to him and she beamed. “Ah, you’re finally awake, lad. You’ve been asleep for five days now.”
Garth’s golden eyes narrowed suspiciously at the female. “Who the hell are you, wench? And why have you brought me here?” He began to get out of bed. 
“My name is Leslie and I…oh my!” Leslie’s blue eyes zeroed in on Garth’s crotch. 
Garth glanced down and realized that he was buck naked. He flushed. Where were his clothes! “Darn it, woman, why am I naked?” Garth sat back down on the bed and pulled the covers up over his lap. 
An impish smile curled Leslie’s lips. “Your clothes were covered in blood, so I tossed them out. A plaid will be provided for you shortly, when it’s ready.” 
Garth gave the woman a wary look. 
Leslie was not frightened by the murderous glare Garth was giving her, however. Instead she was highly amused by it. She snorted. “My, if looks could kill. That’s quite a look you’ve got in your eyes. But there’s no reason to be glaring at me like that. You’re among friends here. We’re here to help you. Here, have some apple. You need to regain your strength.” She jabbed a fork into a slice of apple and held it out towards Garth, close to his mouth. 
Garth opened his mouth to protest. “I’m not hu-”
The redhead plopped the piece of apple into Garth’s mouth without further ado, much to his chagrin. Garth chewed and swallowed. He admitted to himself that the apple was very good. Very juicy. Unlike the fruit he’d been used to that had seemed to turn to ash in his mouth. Garth tried to remember more, but could not. It was like his memories were on the tip of his brain, just out of reach. 
“There, now that’s a good lad.” Leslie winked. 
Garth looked around the room he was in curiously. The walls were made of gray stone, and there were tall, narrow windows covered with thick, red velvet drapes. Tapestries decorated the walls. One of the tapestries captured Garth’s attention. It depicted an army of animals facing off against an army of men. There were wolves, dragons, bears, tigers and unicorns depicted in the tapestries. Garth’s gaze was drawn to a pair of crossed claymores on the wall and he recalled the sword that had been strapped to the dark-haired man’s side. There was also a dresser, a desk and a simple bookshelf with a few dusty tomes. The four-poster bed he was in was enormous and covered with red and black sheets. “Where is this place?” 
“You’re in Castle MacWulver of the Clan MacWulver.” Leslie explained in that odd accent of hers. 
“Castle MacWulver? Clan MacWulver?” Garth’s initial panic began to return as he realized he didn’t know what the hell this woman was taking about. “I don’t remember. I don’t remember anything. My memories…!” 
Leslie gave Garth a sympathetic look and placed a consoling hand on his arm. “I’m afraid that’s perfectly normal. All of us started out that way. But then the Clan Chief, our Laird Magnus MacWulver - he helped us to understand our fate. Our destiny.” As Leslie spoke of her Laird there was obvious respect and admiration in her voice. 
Garth’s brow furrowed in confusion. “I don’t understand. Who is ‘all of us’?” 
“The clan members of Clan MacWulver. We’re all shifters. Just like you. It’s why Archangel Gabriel brought you to us here in Scotland.” Leslie tried to explain. 
“Shifters?” 
There was a twinkle in Leslie’s eyes. “I think it might be best if you saw things with your own eyes, lad. Lachlan should be coming soon to show you around Castle MacWulver.” 
“Lachlan?” Garth frowned, not recognizing the name. 
“Oh, sorry.” Leslie apologized. “You haven’t been properly introduced yet. He’s the man who was there with me when we found you lying in the middle of the stone henge.” 
“Ah.” Garth nodded. “When will-?” 
A loud knock on the door interrupted Garth. “Hey, Leslie, why is this door locked? Let me in.” A loud, slightly irritated sounding male voice demanded. 
“Och! He’s here already! Quick, put on your plaid!” Leslie grabbed the tartan plaid off the top of the dresser and tossed it at Garth. 
Garth’s eyebrows rose as he caught the plaid. “I thought you didn’t have my plaid ready?” 
Leslie tossed Garth a wicked wink. “I lied, lad.” 
Garth shook his head ruefully. What a woman! He got out of bed and began to wrap the long stretch of plaid fabric around his waist. Leslie helped Garth to secure the kilt properly around his waist using a thick, black leather belt with a shiny brass buckle. Leslie nodded approvingly at his finished appearance. “There, now you look like a proper Highlander, you do.” Leslie ran over to the door, smoothed her hands down over her plaid and opened the door in what she hoped appeared a casual manner. 
Lachlan stormed inside of the bedroom, looking slightly pissed off. “What took you so long, Leslie?” 
“Ah, the door was stuck, Lachlan.” Leslie said innocently. 
Lachlan spotted Garth, eyed him suspiciously for a moment, and then looked down at his plaid. “You’re awake.” 
Garth nodded stiffly. 
Lachlan’s expression softened and he offered Garth a warm smile. “I’m glad. There’s so much to tell you, so much to teach you, and we don’t have that much time until the next full moon.” 
“Full moon?” Garth questioned. 
“Lachlan, you’re making his head spin.” Leslie interrupted the lads in a chiding tone. “You need to start at the beginning.” 
Lachlan nodded in agreement upon seeing the confused look on Garth’s face. “Aye, you’re right, my bonny lass.” He turned his attention to Garth. “You’re probably wondering who beat the crap out of you and why.” 
Garth’s golden eyes flashed red and he crossed his brawny arms over his chest. “That would be a good place to start. Aye.” 
“Archangel Gabriel…he did that to you. In fact, he did that to all of us. Well, he fought against us while trying to convince us to take his ‘deal’. Do you remember your true name?” Lachlan asked intently. 
“My name…?” Garth recalled the pink-haired angel whispering the name ‘Garth’ into his ear. “I think it’s Garth.” 
Lachlan raised an eyebrow at Garth. “Impressive. Most of the shifters we save don’t remember their names, and so we give them a new one once they become official members of the clan. Anyhow, Garth, you are a demon who used to reside in a realm called Hell. But before you were a demon, you were an Archangel who worked for God.”
Though Garth didn’t have his memories the words ‘angel’ and ‘demon’ stirred certain visual images inside of Garth’s mind. For some reason, he associated the word ‘angel’ with ‘good’, and the word ‘demon’ with ‘evil’. 
Lachlan continued. “However, you chose to betray God, our Creator, siding with the Archangel Lucifer and one third of the angels in a rebellion. The rebellion failed and you along with one third of the angels were banished to the realm of Hell.”
“Wait a moment. Why would I be stupid enough to go against my Creator?” Garth questioned in disbelief. 
“Archangel Lucifer was the most powerful and handsome of all the Archangels. He easily convinced all of us to rebel against the One True God. He claimed that he and God were equals and we stupidly fell for his sugar-coated lies. He made us a bunch of promises with that silver tongue of his which he was obviously unable to keep.” Lachlan explained with a bitter edge to his voice. 
“In Hell, demons are charged with punishing sinful human souls.” Leslie spoke up. “God also cursed you with a new ‘form’ - a demonic form, an animal form. You are able to shift into this form.” 
“Hell…is a pitiful place and living there is a pitiful existence.” Lachlan sneered with a dark expression on his face. “Recently God decided to give us demons a chance for redemption. Thanks to Gabriel speaking out on our behalf. And that chance is coming to Earth, the Realm we are in now, and searching for a very special human known as a Judge. A Judge’s love has the power to redeem us of our sins.”
“In Hell, Gabriel offers demons this chance at redemption, explaining that in exchange for their memories, he will send them to Earth where they will have the chance to find their Judge.” Leslie began to explain. “After that a demon will have to make their Judge fall in love with him or her. When a demon is redeemed they are allowed back into His Holy Army, which will inevitably fight against Lucifer and his loyal demons in the End Times.” 
Garth’s mind was spinning and he barely understood a word Lachlan and Leslie were saying, but he thought he got the just of it. “So what you’re saying is…I’m a demon who decided to take Gabriel’s deal. He took my memories and sent me to Earth so I could find this human Judge and make her fall in love with me?” His tone was slightly incredulous. 
Lachlan nodded solemnly. “Indeed.” 
“That’s right.” Leslie put in with a smile. 
To the surprise of Leslie and Lachlan Garth began to laugh. He laughed for several minutes before he finally got himself under control and wiped the tears from his eyes. “Sorry. It’s just…I have no interest in love. I don’t think I even understand what it is.” Garth shook his head with a rueful expression on his face. “Anyways, if I took the deal, why did Gabriel beat me up?” 
It was Lachlan’s turn to laugh. “Sometimes Gabriel has a hard time convincing us demons that we want redemption at all. Or that we’d want to make some lowly human fall in love with us.” He sneered. “Gabriel can be a real jerk.” 
“Lachlan!” Leslie chided, shoving his arm. “Don’t speak about him that way. He may be harsh at times but it’s because of him that we have this chance at redemption.” 
“Redemption? Love?” Garth chuckled lowly. “I understand these concepts somehow but…love! Ha! There must be some mistake. I don’t have any interest in love or romance. Nor do I want it.” 
Lachlan put his arm around Garth’s shoulders and grinned. “I knew I liked you! That Gabriel is full of crap. And he says we can’t get redeemed if we fall in love with one of our own kind.” Lachlan gave Leslie a meaningful look. “It has to be with some weak, pitiful human.” 
“A human?” Garth’s brow furrowed as he tried to recall the difference between humans and demons. “Are they so different from us…demon shifters?” An image of the pink-haired girl came to his mind. Was she an angel? A demon? Or a human? 
A wicked smile spread across Lachlan’s roguishly handsome face. “Oh, you have no idea. Us demon shifters are far superior to humans. We-”
Leslie hit Lachlan hard on the back of his head with a whack! “Will you shut it? Don’t be putting weird ideas in Garth’s head. He’s here like the rest of us to live side by side with the humans, and to find his Judge so he can be redeemed!” 
Lachlan rubbed the back of his head and glared at Leslie. “We’ll let him come to his own conclusions after he sees how powerful we are. Come, Garth, it’s time for you to see the greatness of Clan MacWulver.” Lachlan put his arm around Garth’s broad shoulders and began to guide him out of the bedchamber. 
“Och! Wait for me, laddies!” Leslie complained as she rushed after them. She moved to Garth’s other side as they made their way down the corridor. 
Garth noted that the walls were made of the same gray stone that was inside of his bedchamber. A Persian runner was under his booted feet and there were more tapestries on the walls. He stopped to stare at another tapestry depicting an army of human men in gleaming, silver armor facing off against an army of animals. This one was bloodier than the one in his bedchamber with humans and animals losing limbs in the battle. “That tapestry…?” Garth questioned. 
“Ah. That’s Clan MacWulver fighting against the bloody English. The English are always up to no good.” Lachlan’s voice was dripping with hatred. 
“Those animals are…demons? Shifters?” Garth questioned while trying to wrap his mind around it. 
Lachlan nodded. “That’s correct. Come. You’ll soon see for yourself - the power and military might of Clan MacWulver!” 
Lachlan and Leslie escorted Garth through Castle MacWulver giving him a tour. They descended the grand staircase and entered the great hall. They crossed through the great hall and approached the front pair of double doors, which led to the castle courtyard. Lachlan pushed the heavy doors open and they exited. Due to the sudden bright light, Garth had to shield his stinging eyes from the sun with his hand. 
Once Garth’s eyes adjusted to the bright outdoors what he saw was the large central courtyard of Castle MacWulver and the clan members themselves who were sparring against each other. It was an incredible sight. 
“Ah, good timing. The mock battle is about to begin!” Lachlan said excitedly. 
Lined up on the left side of the courtyard were several clan members dressed in black and red tartan kilts with thick black leather belts around their waists, and brown leather boots. All the Highland shifters had claymores or broadswords strapped to their sides. 
Lined up on the right side of the courtyard were shifters who had already transformed into their animal forms. They were a very impressive, intimidating sight. There were majestic dragons, fierce bears, sleek, deadly tigers, and ferocious wolves. 
One of the wolves was much bigger than the other wolf shifters, and caught Garth’s eye. This wolf shifter had red fur and a jagged scar over his left eye. 
The dragon shifters caught Lachlan’s eye and nodded reverently in his direction. The female shifters, both those in human form and those in their animal form, spotted Lachlan and began to wave and call out to him. “Lachlan!” 
Garth raised an eyebrow at this enthusiastic greeting. Apparently the charismatic Lachlan was very popular among the ladies of Clan MacWulver, and seemed to have the respect of some of the more powerful looking shifters too. 
The two groups appeared to be waiting for some kind of signal to begin their battle. 
“Let the battle…begin!” The red wolf growled out loudly. 
“Aye, my Laird!” The clan members cried out. 
The two groups rushed towards each other, letting out battle whoops and cries, and collided and engaged in battle. It was like watching two gigantic ocean waves crash into each other mercilessly. 
The Highlanders unsheathed their swords and attacked the magical beasts ruthlessly, and the animals fought back just as ferociously and did not hold back. Blood spewed through the air. Highlanders and animals both lost limbs left and right. 
Garth cringed and raised an eyebrow at the bloody carnage. “Isn’t this going a little far for a mock battle?” 
“Not to worry. All demon shifters are immortal. They can’t be killed. Unless of course they’re decapitated.” Lachlan explained grimly. 
“Or if they’re burned alive. Or thrown into a pit of lava in a volcano. Or if their spine was completely snapped in two and refused to mend itself. Just like you-” Leslie was saying. 
“I think he gets the idea, Leslie.” Lachlan interrupted her. “At any rate, immortals like us have powerful regeneration abilities, and even if we lose an arm, it will eventually grow back.” 
“I see.” Garth was surprised to see not only men fighting but women as well, and they were pretty good. He smiled at the sight. The Highland women seemed to be fiery spirits indeed. “Do you know how to fight, Leslie?” 
Leslie raised an eyebrow at Garth. “Do I know how to fight? I could kick your butt in five seconds, lad.” 
Garth chuckled at that. “For some reason, I don’t doubt it. Why are some fighting in their human forms while others are in their animal forms?” 
“Well, that’s because our enemies usually possess human form: English soldiers, bandits, reivers, and rival clansmen. We must get used to facing an enemy that is using a sword, or bows and arrows.” Lachlan explained and his hand had unconsciously traveled down to rest on the hilt of his sword. “The key to winning any battle is knowing your enemy.” 
“Is Scotland truly so dangerous?” Garth asked confusedly. “It seems like such a beautiful, peaceful place. Or at least it appeared that way at the henge.” 
Lachlan shrugged carelessly. “It’s not more dangerous than any other place on Earth. Humans are a very violent race. They live to wage war on each other. They fight over land, riches, and women. Really, they’re like a virus upon this realm-”
Leslie hit Lachlan over the back of his head again with another hard whack! This one caused his teeth to click together with an audible click. “Lachlan! Enough! With an attitude like that it’ll be a miracle if you get your Judge to fall in love with you.” Her tone was both teasing and serious. She placed her hands on her hips and shook her head at her best friend.
A dark scowl formed on Lachlan’s face at her words. “Who says I want to find my human Judge at all?” The dark-haired man gave her a loaded look. “What human female could compare to your beauty, Leslie.” He took her hand and placed a kiss on it before Leslie could properly react. 
Leslie flushed slightly at his charming words but quickly snatched her hand away from Lachlan. She looked at him and there was both anger and sadness in her blue eyes. “You fool.” 
“Whoo!” A cry from the crowd that was gathered in the courtyard to watch the mock battle pulled Leslie and Lachlan’s attention back to the battle. 
The shifters in human form were winning and only the gigantic, six hundred pound red wolf was still standing. The red wolf let out a ferocious roar before attacking his remaining opponents. With only the red wolf facing off against the shifters in human form, the mock battle didn’t last for much longer. 
Garth’s eyes widened as the wolf broke a sword blade with a snap of his powerful jaws. The red wolf was an amazing fighter, and was quickly gaining Garth’s respect. 
In a matter of seconds, the red wolf was the only one left standing in the courtyard. The red wolf threw back his head and let out a triumphant howl. “Awwooo!” 
“Who is that?” Garth asked intently. 
A dreamy smile curled Leslie’s lips. “That’s the Clan Chief of Clan MacWulver, our Laird Magnus MacWulver.” 
“Magnus MacWulver.” Garth repeated, his golden eyes glowing with respect. 
“Is there no male with the guts to stand against me?” The red wolf demanded in a deep, growling voice. 
The blood in Garth’s veins began to hum, to pulse, at the red wolf’s words. “Lachlan, you said I’m a shifter, right?” 
“That’s correct.” Lachlan gave Garth a pensive look, wondering what he was up to. “You should have an animal form just like the rest of us. But I don’t know what it is.” 
“Let’s find out. Shall we?” Garth rumbled; before he let the burning sensation welling up inside of him consume him. He began to transform, orange fur sprouting on his face, his teeth becoming longer and sharper, and his nails lengthening into claws. His ears disappeared into his head as two cat-like ears sprouted from the top of his head along with two enormous horns that curled back away from Garth’s face and curved at the tips. 
Garth quickly removed his kilt, belt and boots, and not a moment too soon. In seconds, Garth’s body had shifted into that of a six hundred pound demon tiger-like creature. His fur was orange like his hair, but now had black stripes. Flickering orange and red flames surrounded his body, and long, striped tail swished behind him. 
Leslie gasped at Garth’s impressive, fearsome appearance. “He’s a Hellcat. They’re extremely rare.” 
“They can breathe fire and control the element of fire, much like us dragons.” Lachlan added with a slightly jealous note to his voice. Then Lachlan noticed the way Leslie was looking at Laird Magnus and he didn’t like it. He wanted to be the only one Leslie looked at in awe. 
Garth let out a roar and leapt into the courtyard to face Magnus. Magnus eyed Garth and grinned, bearing his teeth. “Ah, the newcomer. Feeling better, I see. Barely made it past death’s door and now you’re challenging me? I like you, laddie! Let’s fight! Awoo!” The wolf shifter howled happily. He always loved a good brawl. 
The Hellcat and red wolf charged, and collided. They began to fight with their claws and teeth. The courtyard had grown deathly silent as the Hellcat and wolf fought, tumbled, and rolled across the ground. Magnus didn’t hold back and raked his claws across Garth’s chest. Garth retaliated and swiped his claws at Magnus’s head. Blood spurted through the air. The red wolf attacked Garth again, and latched his maw onto Garth’s throat. 
Garth roared in pain and clawed at Magnus to release him, but to no avail. Bloody hell! Garth swore internally. But then the flames around Garth’s body appeared to grow stronger and hotter, and Magnus was forced to let Garth go. Magnus leapt backwards to put some distance between himself and Garth, and skidded across the flagstones. 
Garth’s chest began to bulge, and then he opened his maw and unleashed a fireball Magnus’s way. 
“Ooo!” The clan members and household staff of Castle MacWulver murmured as they watched Garth’s impressive elemental attack. 
Magnus lithely dodged Garth’s attack, however, and then charged. Garth unleashed more fireballs Magnus’s way, but the wolf nimbly dodged them all until he was pouncing Garth again.  
This time Garth was ready for the attack, and turned his head quickly to latch his jaws around the wolf’s neck. The Hellcat began to squeeze, but stopped once he realized any more would kill the red wolf and the Clan Chief. Garth released the wolf’s neck and leapt backwards. 
The red wolf looked at Garth, blood pouring down his neck, and grinned. “Looks like we have a winner! Well done, laddie, you bested me!” 
“Whooo!” The Highland shifters all cried out excitedly. “Garth, Garth, Garth!” They began to chant. 
Garth nodded in acknowledgement and respect. The two male shifters began to return to their human forms. Both men were naked, but not for long. Two serving women quickly approached and wrapped a tartan kilt around Magnus’s waist as he held his arms out at his sides in an expectant manner. 
Leslie approached Garth with his plaid, but Garth took it from her with a slight blush on his cheeks before she could help him. “I can do it, lass. Thank you.” Garth quickly wrapped the plaid around his waist and secured it with the belt Leslie handed him. 
“It’s cute how you can be so strong and yet so shy.” Leslie commented with a twinkle in her blue eyes. 
Garth looked around for Lachlan, worried that he would hear Leslie’s flirtatious comment. Luckily, Lachlan appeared to be busy saying ‘hi’ to some of his friends. A red dragon shifter, a green dragon shifter, a bear shifter, and a toad shifter. 
Once Garth and Magnus were appropriately dressed they approached each other. “Well met, I am Magnus MacWulver, Clan Chief and Laird of Clan MacWulver.” Magnus held out his hand for Garth to take. 
Garth took it in a firm grip. “Garth.” Magnus was a muscular man with pale skin. He had shoulder-length, orange hair, a full beard and bright blue eyes. That orange-red color seemed to be a common hair color among the shifters. 
“Garth MacWulver now.” There was a twinkle in Magnus’s eyes and as he smiled crinkles formed around his eyes. The wolf shifter had an extremely friendly deamor that seemed to instantly put Garth at ease. “Welcome to our clan!” 
“Thank you, my Laird.” Garth nodded. 
“You’re a fast learner, aren’t you?” Magnus chuckled, noticing Garth’s Scottish brogue. Lachlan and Leslie approached, and Magnus’s attention turned towards them. “You’ve already met my second-in-command, Lachlan, and his best friend Leslie. I hope they’ve been taking good care of you in my stead. I was busy training my men. The reivers have been getting more aggressive lately. They’re not just stealing cattle in the lowlands anymore, and are starting to target the homes of the human village that is under our clan’s protection.” 
“Reivers? Human village?” Garth asked. 
“I’m sure this is a lot for you to take in, Garth.” Magnus patted Garth’s shoulder. “Don’t worry. Tomorrow I’ll have Lachlan and Leslie take you to the village. They will explain its purpose and the situation there. But as for tonight, no more worries. Tonight we celebrate you joining our clan! We’re very happy to have you here with us, Garth. I will do anything in my power to help you find your human Judge so you can be redeemed. If you have any other questions feel free to ask me.” 
“Thank you, I will, my Laird.” Garth offered Magnus a tremulous smile. He was still unsettled by the idea of having to find a human female Judge, and of having her fall in love with him. 
Magnus led Garth into the great hall where a banquet had already been prepared for the warriors. The hall been set up with had several long wooden tables that were surrounded by heavy wooden chairs. Magnus led Garth to the head table that was positioned towards the back of the hall, and which faced the other tables that had been set up perpendicularly to the head table. 
Magnus took a seat on a heavy throne that had wolves carved into its high back. He motioned for Garth to take a seat next to him in a normal chair. Leslie quickly beat several other shifter girls to the free chair that was on Magnus’s other side. She’d literally shoved one of the other shifter girls to the floor to get that seat. But when she calmly and gracefully took her seat she tried to appear as normal and composed as possible. Leslie lowered her head to hide her triumphant expression. 
Garth had to bite back his laughter at the sight of Leslie pretending to be ladylike. She was a bit of a tomboy. Apparently, Magnus was popular with the lassies like Lachlan. Lachlan took a seat next to Garth. A stunning shifter girl with long emerald green hair and golden eyes with slit pupils, who was wearing a green and black plaid dress, tried to take a seat next to Lachlan but he stopped her with an upraised hand. “Ah, sorry, this seat is taken.” 
The snake shifter pouted. “Oh. Sorry, milord.” 
Garth shot a grin Lachlan’s way. “Looks like you’re popular with the lassies.” 
Lachlan let out a heavy sigh and glanced over at Leslie. “Not with the one lass I want to be popular with though.” 
Garth followed Lachlan’s line of sight and frowned. “Leslie? But a demon can’t be redeemed if they fall for their own kind, right?”
Lachlan shrugged lackadaisically. “Maybe I don’t care about redemption.” A dark shadow had fallen over Lachlan’s usually carefree face. 
Garth opened his mouth to say something, but Magnus chose that moment to stand up from his throne. The Clan Chief immediately had the attention of the entire hall. “Clansmen and clanswomen of Clan MacWulver! I want you all to give a warm and hearty welcome to our clan’s newest member, Hellcat Garth! Let him find true love and be redeemed!” Magnus raised his tankard of mead high into the air. 
The shifters all raised their tankards and mugs of mead and ale in response. “Let him find true love and be redeemed!” 
Garth flushed at their heartfelt words. Find true love…? They couldn’t be serious. He didn’t know the first thing about love. He noticed a few of the shifter women trying to catch his gaze. A female with white bunny ears on top of her head, another with snakes for hair, and one with cat ears. But he may have known a little about lust. He felt himself get turned on slightly as he eyed the bunny girl’s nice curves. 
Magnus sat down and clapped his hands together. “Let the feast begin! Bring more ale and mead!” 
“Whoo!” The great hall was filled with the cheers of the shifters.
Several serving wenches emerged from the kitchen and began to serve the warrior shifters ale and mead. The serving girl with the bunny ears approached Garth shyly. “Would you like some ale, milord?” 
Garth smiled at her and she flinched. “Aye, lassie.” He rubbed a hand self-consciously over his mouth, wondering what his face looked like since he’d startled the poor lass. The serving wench poured ale into Garth’s tankard. However, because she was so nervous, her hand was trembling, and some of the ale splashed out of the tankard and onto the table. 
“Oh my God, I’m so sorry, milord. Allow me to clean it up!” The lass quickly apologized and began to mop up the ale with a rag. 
“Don’t worry about it. It’s fine, lass.” Garth quickly assured her. 
“Ah, yes, milord.” The serving wench scuttled off back to the kitchen. 
Garth frowned as he watched her go. 
Lachlan started laughing. “Garth, your face! You’re really bad at smiling! You looked furious with her. You’ve scared that poor lass half to death.” 
Garth frowned. “I did? I thought I was smiling at her normally.” He scratched his head. 
Lachlan just laughed harder at Garth’s words. 
“I see you’ve already picked up a bit of our dialect, Garth.” Magnus spoke up. “Impressive. That’s good. It’s very important for us to be able to blend in and assimilate with human society.” He grabbed a leg of mutton and began to dig in. 
“My Laird, there’s something I don’t understand.” Garth began tentatively. “If Archangel Gabriel’s deal was our memories in exchange for this chance at redemption, then isn’t that fact that we know what we are, against the rules?” 
A serious look fell over Magnus’s ruddy face. He looked down at the ale in his tankard thoughtfully. “Demon shifters are different from other demons that have come to Earth. We’re cursed by the moon in this realm. During the full moon shifters, both male and female go into heat. It’s very hard to control our sexual urges during that time.”
The blood drained out of Garth’s face at the thought of being a slave to his own lust. “Cursed by the moon.” He muttered darkly. 
“Also, it’s very hard to control oneself from shifting into our animal form. You can see this as your ‘inner beast’ wanting to break free and take control. Because of our moon curse, Gabriel himself told me things that I had forgotten after he’d sealed my memories away, and brought me to Earth.” There was a faraway look in Magnus’s eyes as he remembered his past. “He charged me to guide all other shifters that were brought to this land via the magical stone henge. Shifters must be taught how to control themselves during the full moon. If we do not have control of ourselves during the full moon we become a threat to the humans and more importantly to our Judges. Humans…can be incredibly fragile creatures.” 
“Fragile.” Garth frowned and looked down at his hands. He had the strange visual image of trying to touch his pink-haired angel and of her shattering like a porcelain doll. He shuddered at the thought. 
Magnus patted Garth’s arm reassuringly. “Don’t worry, lad. There’s still plenty of time until the next full moon. I’ll have my second-in-command, Lachlan, teach you how to master control over your shifting. And we have ways to ensure you won’t hurt anyone during your first moon time.” 
Garth chugged back his entire tankard of ale. This was a lot to take in. He glanced over at Magnus and noticed an odd black tattoo around the male’s neck. It looked like a choker of black thorns. The skin around the tattoo looked red and infected. “What’s that tattoo?” Garth asked curiously. 
Magnus touched the tattoo with his hand. “Ah…” A dark look fell over his usually carefree face. “I’ll tell you about it some other time. More ale!” He waved over a serving wench. Two serving wenches rushed over to fill Garth and Magnus’s tankards with more ale. 
After the Highland shifters had eaten and drank their fill, they began to push aside a few of the tables to make some room on the floor. “What are they doing?” Garth asked, when he noticed what they were doing. 
“Ah, our lassies are very spirited and love to dance.” Magnus informed Garth with a twinkle in his eyes. 
“Dance?” Garth frowned trying to define the word in his mind. 
“You don’t remember what dancing is? Well, you’re certainly in for a treat then!” Magnus laughed and thumped Garth hard on the back. 
Several shifter females chose male partners, and dragged them out to the dance floor. A group of five male shifters began to play a lively, traditional Scottish tune. Three of them had bagpipes, one was playing a fiddle, and the last was banging a drum. 
The shifters began to perform a festive, spirited dance. Those watching from their seats at the tables began to clap along with the music. Garth smiled as he watched the couples dancing romantically together. 
Leslie finished off her tankard of mead with a loud ‘ah!’. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and stood up from her place at the table. She approached Lachlan, her cheeks flushed. “Lachlan, will you do me the honor of this dance?” 
Lachlan grinned up at her. “Of course, my bonny lass.” He stood up, took her hand and led her out to the dance floor. 
Garth watched as Lachlan and Leslie began to dance, grinned, and clapped along with the music. 
“Why don’t you pick yourself a bonny lass, and get out there and join them?” Magnus suggested to Garth with a slight slur to his words. 
Garth shook his head, looking uncomfortable. “Nay, I don’t think I’m the dancing type.” 
Magnus shrugged. “Suit yourself. Though the lassies will be very disappointed.” 
Lachlan and Leslie danced for the next hour. Leslie’s energy seemed endless. Finally, Lachlan had had enough and asked for a break. The duo approached the table where Garth was still seated next to Magnus. 
Lachlan sank down onto his chair heavily. “Whew, you wore me out, Leslie. I need to rest my aching bones and catch my breath.” 
Leslie’s freckled cheeks were flushed a pretty, rosy pink, and there was a playful twinkle in her blue eyes. She turned her gaze on Garth and smiled wolfishly. “Garth, I noticed you haven’t danced yet. What do you say we go out there and take a twirl together?” 
Garth shot a nervous look Lachlan’s way. “Uh, I probably shouldn’t.” 
Lachlan smiled obligingly, however, and patted Garth’s arm. “Go on, lad. Get out there and dance. I’m exhausted. Leslie has too much energy for her own good. You’ll be doing me a favor if you keep her occupied.” 
“You really don’t mind?” Garth questioned with a serious expression on his face. 
“Not at all. Go on, have fun.” Lachlan insisted. 
“Alright, if you say so.” Garth agreed warily. At this point, it had become pretty obvious to Garth that Lachlan was head over heels in love with Leslie. Unfortunately, it didn’t appear as though Leslie felt the same way. Although she did seem to treasure her friendship with Lachlan. 
“Alright!” Leslie grabbed Garth’s arm, tugged him out of his seat, and dragged him to the dance floor. 
Lachlan chuckled as he watched Garth getting reluctantly pulled away. “Poor guy, he has no idea what’s in store for him!” 
As Garth and Leslie began to dance together Lachlan’s sharp eyes followed Leslie’s movements. His gaze was heated, full of lust and desire for her. And Magnus noticed. “Lachlan, when are you going to put aside your silly infatuation with Leslie and try to find your Judge?” 
Lachlan’s eye twitched in irritation. Silly infatuation, he says? What the hell does he know about my feelings for Leslie? He grit his teeth angrily and swallowed what he really wanted to respond to his laird. “In time.” He responded shortly. 
Magnus gazed at Lachlan with a worried expression on his face. He saw Lachlan as a son. He saw all of the shifters of Clan MacWulver as his sons and daughters actually. He’d been the very first shifter to arrive in Scotland. He’d lived a long time and seen much. He wished all of the shifters nothing but happiness, and for them to find true love. He was protective of them and wanted to watch over them forever. But sometimes one couldn’t have everything they wished for. Magnus started to cough and brought his napkin up to his mouth. After the coughing fit had passed he looked down at his napkin to see the blood there. He quickly balled the napkin in his hand so that no one else would notice. Time was running out for him. He unconsciously touched the black tattoo of thorns around his neck. 
When Leslie took Garth’s hand and tried to get him to dance, Garth didn’t budge. He just stood there in front of her, stiff as a board. Leslie frowned at him with her hands on her hips. “What’s the matter, lad?” 
“I…” Garth glanced sideways, and rubbed the back of his neck in an embarrassed gesture. “Don’t know how to dance.”
Leslie quirked her head at Garth and gave him a pensive look. “You know, you’re so big and scary looking, but…you’re really just a big softy on the inside, aren’t you? Well, don’t worry, I’ll teach you. Just relax. Let the music guide you.” She said soothingly in that deep accent of hers. 
Garth took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He forced himself to relax and listened to the music. For some reason the music reminded him of the sound two swords made when they clashed together during combat. There was a certain rhythm to it. A rhythm to the dance that was similar to the rhythm Garth used when he fought. And fighting was in his blood, in every cell of his being. 
Garth began to dance with Leslie while observing how the other male shifters were guiding their female partners across the dance floor. He copied their movements to the best of his abilities. It didn’t take long for him to get the hang of it. Although he did step on poor Leslie’s toes a few times. “S-Sorry.” Garth grunted when he stepped on Leslie’s foot for the fifth time. 
Leslie just smiled back at him. “No worries. I’m a female shifter, so I’m made of hearty stock! Just don’t step on the delicate toes of your human Judge when you find her. You’d break the poor girl’s feet!” 
Break her feet? Garth was oddly horrified by this thought. “Are humans really so fragile?” 
“Aye,” Leslie nodded solemnly. “Well, they’re mortal so that’s to be expected.” 
“Mortal…and we’re immortal.” Garth shook his head ruefully. “It doesn’t seem fair.” 
“Our purposes in life are different. Angels. Demons. We are old souls, ready to fight in God’s Holy Army. Most humans are new souls. It will take them reincarnating many times and experiencing many lifetimes before they are given the choice to become Archangels or guardian angels.” Leslie explained. “Some may choose to simply become one with God once more.” 
“War in the Heavens. And war on Earth. It seems there is war wherever I go. Will it never stop? Will there never be peace?” Garth wondered aloud pensively. 
“When the last battle is fought in the End of Days only then will we finally have true, everlasting peace. God wants more recruits for his Holy Army, and that’s why he’s giving us demons a second chance. Do you not like fighting? Does it bother you to have to fight?” 
“Nay, I like fighting. It’s all I truly know.” Garth clenched his right hand into a fist. “I can feel it…my fighting ability. It’s a part of me. I am a warrior. It’s who I am.” Now I just have to decide what cause is worth fighting for. 
END OF FLASHBACK
To be continued…in Candy 3: Hot Tamale




Chapter 3: Hot Tamale

Garth awoke to a sharp kick in his stomach. “Get the hell up, demon. Today is a very important day.” A stern voice chided loudly. 
“Bloody hell…it’s too easy for this crap.” Garth looked up and saw Gabriel’s frowning face. “Go away.” 
“Afraid I can’t do that.” Gabriel reached down, grabbed Garth’s wrist, and began to drag him across the floor, heading towards the back of the shop. “Unfortunately, this is my job.” 
“You always treat your wards so nicely?” Garth asked, his voice dripping with sarcasm. 
“Just those I like.” Gabriel smirked. “You look like crap and you stink. You need to take a shower and get dressed pronto. You need to look respectable.” 
Garth sighed. “What? So I can look ‘nice’ for the human females I’ll send running and screaming for the hills today?” 
Gabriel smiled to himself. “I have the feeling that today, my friend, is going to be your lucky day.” 
The shifter raised an eyebrow at the angel. “Oh, and why’s that?” 
“A friend of mine was just pulling an all-nighter and just ran out of candy. I recommended that she come here.” Sometimes you have to give Fate a kick in the butt!
“Wait a second, are you saying you know who my Judge is?” Garth asked while giving his guardian angel a suspicious look. 
“Not telling. I’m already breaking the rules enough as it is…but hey, rogue angel. So what did you expect?” When Garth continued to stare at the angel he continued. “Sorry, but I can’t tell you more. All I can say is out of all the human females you meet today it’s possible that one of them is your fated Judge.” 
“Stingy angel.” Garth scowled as he was literally being dragged up the stairs that led to the second floor. His head was hitting each step as the angel ascended and it was rather painful. “I really hate you, you know that?” 
“Love you too.” Gabriel quipped sarcastically.
Garth showered quickly and brushed his teeth. He dressed in a plain T-shirt, jeans, and sneakers. He cleaned up the candy and broken glass that had been left behind by his and Gabriel’s fight the previous day. He then mopped up the blood that was on the floor and flipped the open closed sign to open. He made his way behind the main display case and waited to see if Fate had something special in store for him that day. 
 ***
A few hours later, the bell above the front door jingled as a customer stepped inside. This is it. Garth glanced up from the candy he was organizing and saw a flash of pink hair. Pink hair? 
Garth abruptly recalled the pink-haired angel who’d saved him five centuries ago in Scotland when his spine had been snapped in two by an overzealous angel, and hadn’t been healing on its own. Could she be…the one? His Judge? Was the woman who’d just entered his shop his Destiny? The shifter wondered. 
Garth looked up at her face. She could be the one…or not. Garth’s speculations came to a screeching halt. 
The strangest looking human female now stood before him. She was five-five with long, messy, wavy pink hair, and shiny blue eyes that had an odd gleam to them that wasn’t quite sane. She was wearing a white, sleeveless, lab coatdress that was a few inches above her knees, a pair of black rubber gloves, and thigh-high, black leather boots with straps and buckles. Her white lab coatdress was covered in rainbow splotches of unidentifiable goo. She wore a pair of goggles with blue lenses on her head like a headband. 
The female reminded Garth of a mad scientist. Garth frowned and wondered if some humans were filming a science fiction movie somewhere close by, and that this girl had gotten lost. 
That’s when he remembered that didn’t matter. This girl was a potential customer and he had to do this best not to scare her away. Okay, smile, smile. Try not to scare her. Try to look friendly and not like a thug. This is never going to work. Maybe I should just put a paper bag over my head. Garth inwardly groaned. 
 ***
Five minutes earlier…
Mad Scientist, er, veterinarian Sasha Robinovitch had low blood sugar and needed candy desperately. She’d been up all night working on one of her genetic experiments and had run out of her usual Pixie Stix. Her friend Gabriel who may or may not have been a figment of her imagination (he had wings after all) told her to visit this specific candy shop: Helltastic Confectionary and had given her a business card for the shop. 
Sasha stood directly in front of the candy shop and compared its address with the one she had on the business card. This was the place. The shop appeared to take up the entire first floor of a narrow, Victorian-style, three-story, wooden townhouse. 
The exterior wood paneling of the building had been painted white with red accents. A large front window had stacked jars of candy on display. Sasha spotted a decorative steel bucket filled with handmade lollipops in different animal shapes: tigers, cats, bears, wolves, bunnies, dragons, and elephants. Look at all the cute animals. I want one of those lollipops. Sasha nodded to herself and decided to go inside the shop.  
She walked over to the front door, put her hand on the doorhandle, opened the door, and stepped inside. A tiny golden bell jingled above her head. She wondered just what kind of person would be running such a quaint, cute candy shop, and glanced towards the far display case. 
Her eyes widened like saucers. Standing behind the display case was a gigantic man at six-eight. Sasha had to tilt her head up to look at his face. He had rugged features; a slightly crooked nose that looked like it’d been broken a few times with a scar running over it, and a manly, square chin. His eyes were an unusual amber color like molten gold. His stare was intimidating and intense. Scary! 
Sasha gulped as she took in his bulging muscles. He looked like a bodybuilder. He had broad shoulders, bulging biceps, and she could see his rippling abs through his tight white T-shirt. Those arms of his looked like they could pick up a tree trunk and snap it in two. Sasha decided that this man was powerful. Dangerous. 
The man was wearing blue jeans. But somehow even in such simple, generic clothes managed to look quite fearsome. He reminded Sasha of a delinquent though appeared to be in his thirties so perhaps more of a mobster or criminal. 
The man was also glaring at her with this murderous stare. A shudder traveled down Sasha’s spine. Eek! He smiled at her revealing his abnormally sharp canines, and Sasha almost fainted on the spot at that sight. 
Sasha took a step backwards and was about to flee the shop, when the man’s thoughts drifted to her mind: Okay, smile, smile. Try not to scare her. Try to look friendly and not like a thug. This is never going to work. Maybe I should just put a paper bag over my head. Shit. I’m never going to get any customers with this ugly, scary mug of mine. 
Sasha stopped in her tracks as she listened to the man’s grim, self-deprecating thoughts. Sasha Robinovitch happened to possess a supernatural ability. She could psychically communicate with animals and read their thoughts. She could also control animals with her own will. Animals and nonhumans apparently. Nonhumans such as: vampires, demons and angels. 
So the fact that Sasha was able to read this man’s mind had to mean that this man in front of her wasn’t human. 
He’s not human. Sasha was suddenly filled with an odd sense of relief. Sasha feared humans. But she loved animals. Sasha understood animals and their motivations behind their actions. Humans on the other hand were incredibly dangerous and unpredictable. Humans could be cruel to a person for apparently no logical reason. I wonder what kind of nonhuman he is. She quirked her head at the man quizzically. He doesn’t seem so bad. He’s trying so hard not to scare me after all. All of Sasha’s initial fear for Garth evaporated. 
Sasha smiled tremulously at Garth, and began to casually browse around the store. 
Garth’s jaw dropped at the sight. He couldn’t believe it. He’d managed to smile normally at a human female and not scare her half to death! She’d even smiled back, nodded in greeting, and was now browsing around his shop. She was his very first customer (Nerezza didn’t count because she wasn’t human).
Alright! My very first human customer. Calm down, calm down. Play it cool. Try not to scare her…or act scary. Act natural. Yeah, natural. Garth grabbed an empty glass jar and began to fill it with Jelly Belly jellybeans. 
Sasha smiled to herself as she listened to Garth’s inner monologue. He was so scary on the outside, but so…sweet on the inside. She looked around the incredible candy shop. There was such a huge selection of candy Sasha didn’t even know where to start. 
The red walls of the shop were lined with glass shelves, and on the shelves were glass jars of various shapes and sizes filled with all kinds of candy imaginable: Jawbreakers, M&Ms, gummi bears, gummi worms, Twizzlers, Sour Patch Kids, Swedish Fish, Red Hots and Pocky. 
Sasha spotted a jar filled with homemade lollipops that were shaped like a cat’s head. The lollipops were orange with black stripes, and reminded Sasha of the cartoon cat Garfield. The lollipop was wrapped in clear cellophane and tied with a red bow. Sasha decided she wanted one of those lollipops, but the jar was on a high shelf. She glanced over at the owner of the candy shop. 
Garth was avoiding eye contact with her and concentrating on filling a jar with jellybeans. Those looked yummy too. He appeared to be in deep concentration, and Sasha didn’t really want to bother him. The jar was about a foot above her head. If she stood on her tiptoes, she could probably reach it. 
Sasha stood on her tiptoes and tried to grab the jar. All she managed to do was move it slightly with her fingertips. She looked down at the bottom shelf of the glass shelving unit which was empty. Sasha didn’t weigh very much. She often forgot to eat when she was working on a project, and so she decided that she could just step onto the bottom shelf and grab the jar quickly. 
It was the perfect plan. Sasha gently, carefully stepped onto the lower shelf, and stood up. She reached up to grab the jar and her hands wrapped around the jar. Alright, she had it! I got it!
However, a dizzy spell washed over Sasha at that exact moment, and she almost passed out. Unconsciously, she grabbed onto the shelving unit as she fell back. Sasha’s weight pulling on the shelving unit caused it to tip forward, and then to begin to fall over entirely. Sasha dazedly realized she was in deep trouble. This is all my fault. I’m so clumsy. 
Sasha closed her eyes as she fell back towards the floor with the shelving unit falling towards her. This was going to hurt. It was her medical opinion that she wouldn’t escape this without a few broken bones. Sasha’s back hit the floor and she mentally prepared herself for the pain she was about to feel. 
A loud crash filled the candy shop as the shelf hit the floor and glass shattered. Jars filled with candy slid off the overturned unit and began to shatter as they hit the floor one by one. Sasha heard the sound of candy spilling out onto the floor and flinched. That’s strange. She wasn’t in any pain. Huh? She felt an intense pressure on her chest though and found it hard to breathe. 
Sasha’s eyes flew open and she looked up into the strained face of the storeowner. Her eyes widened at the sight. The storeowner was shielding her with his body and the shelving unit was lying on his back. Glass had cut his face and droplets of blood trickled down from his face and onto Sasha’s face and onto the front of her lab coatdress. “You’re hurt.” 
“Are you alright, lassie?” The storeowner questioned in a deep, rumbling brogue. 
Sasha nodded. He has a Scottish accent. “Yes. I’m so sorry. I’m so clumsy-”  
“Don’t worry about it, lassie. I shouldn’t have put the candy on so high a shelf. Very few humans would be able to reach it. I realize that now. Now, think you can slide yourself out from under me so I can get this bloody thing off of me?” Garth questioned. 
Sasha nodded. “Sure.” There was a pressure on her chest that was making it hard to breathe. She looked down and saw that the storeowner’s hand was grasping her left breast. Her eyes flared and a thrill of fear traveled up her spine. 
Garth looked down at his hand and his eyes widened. Oh crap. How did I end up grabbing her boob! She’s going to think I’m some sort of pervert! Crap, crap, crap. 
Garth’s panicked thoughts instantly assuaged Sasha’s worries. So it’d been an accident. It couldn’t be helped then. He’d saved her life. “Can you take your hand off my chest?” 
Garth’s pale cheeks flushed and he instantly complied. “Aye. Sorry about that lassie. It-” He started to explain himself. 
“Was an accident.” Sasha finished for him. “Don’t worry. I know.” She offered Garth a reassuring smile. 
Surprise flickered across Garth’s amber eyes. She actually understood him. This had never happened before. 
Sasha began to slide her body out from under Garth’s, sliding backwards across the floor, and pushing at the floor with her hands. 
“Careful with the glass, lassie.” Garth warned her. 
“Yes.” Sasha was almost out from under Garth when she accidentally thrust her hips up so that Garth’s face ended up pressed against her crotch. Sasha blushed. Oops! 
“I swear this is an accident, lass.” Garth murmured, and as he spoke Sasha could feel his lips moving over her crotch. She could also feel his hot, cinnamon-scented breath through the thin material of her lab coatdress and panties. 
Sasha shuddered at the sensation. “I know. Sorry, my fault this time.” She wiggled the rest of the way out from under Garth until finally she was free. Phew. Sasha pushed herself up off the floor and cut her hands on the broken glass, but didn’t really notice due to the adrenaline currently pumping through her veins. 
As soon as Sasha was out from under him, Garth stood up with the shelving unit still lying on his back. He was able to use his tremendous strength to stand the entire unit up again easily. 
Sasha marveled at his strength. Whoa. 
Garth turned his attention to Sasha and glared at her. Sasha gulped, wondering what he was angry about. Was he angry about the damage to his shop? “I-I’m sorry…I’ll pay for the damages.” 
Garth stalked towards her with predatory steps. Sasha backed up. Eek! What’s he thinking? 
Garth reached out and grabbed Sasha’s hand. She flinched. “You’re bleeding.” He rumbled in that deep voice of his as he inspected her hand. 
Sasha looked down at her bleeding hand in surprise. “Ah, so I am.” 
Garth brought her hand to his mouth and started to lick her wounds. Sasha felt her cheeks heat up at what this man was doing. “W-What are you doing?” 
Garth looked down at her, and there was this intense heat in his golden gaze. “First-aid treatment.” 
First-aid treatment? In the wild, animals would lick each other’s wounds to clean and disinfect them. So his actions made perfect, logical sense. “Oh, yeah, right.” 
Garth continued to lick and suck on Sasha’s fingers. She trembled at his ministrations. She felt oddly warm. He took her other hand and started to lick it next. Once he’d finished, he dropped her hand, and gave Sasha a sheepish look. “Sorry, lass, I don’t know what just came over me.” Darn instincts…
Sasha was slightly breathless. “No, it’s okay.” She looked up at him and noticed the cuts on his face. “But now you’ll have to let me tend to your wounds - my way. Where do you keep the first-aid kit?” 
“In the bathroom, over there.” Garth nodded in the direction of the unisex bathroom.
Sasha walked over to the bathroom door, and reached out to grab the doorknob.  
That’s when Garth remembered what was inside of the bathroom. Oh crap! “Wait! Don’t open the door!” 
“Hmm?” Sasha opened the door and six rambunctious kittens flew out into the shop. 
“Och, no the kittens are loose. Crap.” Garth swore. 
“Kittens?” Sasha turned to watch as the six kittens started to run around the shop and began to play with the store items. The naughty kittens began to bat their paws at the lollipops and began to knock the displays over. 
Garth ran after the kittens and tried to catch them. “Pfft.” Sasha had to hold back a giggle at the sight of Garth running after the kittens while obviously trying to be careful with them as he tried to grab them in his hunched over position. She smiled at the heartwarming sight. He reminds me of the BFG.
“Och, no, stay away from the glass or you’ll get hurt, kittens.” Garth panicked as the kittens neared the broken glass that was covering the floor. 
Sasha moved into action. She stretched her arms out towards the kittens and sent them a mental command. Stop, kittens. Come to me. 
The kittens stopped in their tracks, looked over at Sasha, and began to run in her direction. So that her actions didn’t appear too suspicious, Sasha said aloud: “Here, kitty, kitty kitties.” 
Garth watched in awe as Sasha opened her arms, called the kittens over to her, and how they zoomed in her direction. “Well, I’ll be.” The shifter scratched his head as he watched Sasha crouch down, and begin to pet and scratch the kittens behind their ears affectionately. 
“Aren’t you the cutest little things? You’re all so adorable. I could just eat you up. You mischievous little guys. Try and behave and be nice to your Master, er…” Sasha looked up and gave Garth a questioning look. “What’s your name?” 
“Garth Mackenzie. And what might your name be, lassie?” 
“Sasha Robinovitch.” 
That name sounded oddly familiar for some reason to Garth, and he scratched his head while he tried to remember. Where have I heard that name before? 
“Meow.” A cranky meow reached their ears and Sasha turned to see the ugliest female cat ever walking towards her. The cat’s fur was black with random splotches of golden-yellow fur on its coat. The cat’s face was mostly covered with black fur, but had a random patch of golden-yellow fur on it. For some reason Sasha pictured the cat having been completely black at one point, but then having had a bucket of gold paint or gold dust flung at it randomly. 
“Ah, that’s the mother. She’s a stray. When I realized she was pregnant I captured her and kept her in the bathroom so she could deliver her kittens safely.” Garth explained. “Her name is Dusty, for obvious reasons.” 
Sasha reached her hand out to the ugly cat and smiled. She pet the cat affectionately. “My, aren’t you just the cutest!” 
Garth blinked at Sasha in surprise. Did she just call Dusty cute? 
Sasha giggled as the cat rubbed her head against the veterinarian’s hand. There was something about the sight of Sasha petting that ugly cat that stirred something deep inside of Garth and that made his heart thump a little harder inside of his chest. 
Sasha stood up and made her way into the bathroom while the cats followed her. Sasha went over to the bathroom cabinet and opened it. She spotted the first-aid kit, pulled it out, and closed the cabinet. She looked down at the cats. “Now, stay in here and behave. You don’t want to disturb Garth’s customers, and right now there is broken glass on the floor so it isn’t safe.” Sasha said aloud for Garth’s benefit while she also gave the cats this mental command. 
Sasha thought if she said it aloud it would look less crazy. Or maybe she looked crazy because she was talking to a bunch of cats? She sighed. People always thought she was crazy, and maybe she was a little eccentric and zoned out a lot. Maybe I am crazy. 
She exited the bathroom with the first-aid kit in her hands and expected Garth to be giving her a judging look for talking to cats. 
But there was no recrimination in his gaze. He was staring at her intently, almost glaring at her, but there was no malice in his stare. Just intensity. 
Sasha let out a breath of relief and got into Dr. Mode. “Alright, please take a seat over there so I can tend to your wounds.” Her tone was authoritative. 
Garth complied and took a seat on a chair. Sasha approached, crouched in front of Garth, and set the first-aid kit on the floor. She opened the kit up, and found the rubbing alcohol and cotton balls. She put a little alcohol onto a cotton ball, and held the cotton ball up towards Garth’s face. “This may sting a little.” 
“Do it.” 
Sasha began to dab the cotton ball gently against Garth’s various cuts. He flinched but didn’t complain. He took the pain. Something about that made Sasha lean over and blow on Garth’s cuts soothingly. Garth’s eyebrows rose at her tender actions. 
Once Sasha was done cleaning and disinfecting his cuts, she grabbed a tube of Neosporin. “You should always use Neosporin on cuts so you won’t get scars. You don’t want to ruin your handsome face.” Sasha directed firmly as she put a drop of Neosporin on her index finger and began to dab it over his cuts gently. 
Handsome face? Doesn’t she mean scary face? Garth wondered, bemused. 
“You’re not so scary.” Sasha murmured to herself. 
Garth’s eyes widened at her words. “What did you just say?” 
“Oh, nothing.” Sasha said airily as she continued to treat his wounds. She grew distracted by his short, spiky, orange hair. It wasn’t gelled and looked strangely soft. 
Before Sasha realized what she was doing she began to run her hand through his hair. Hmm, it’s as soft as it looks. 
Garth flushed when Sasha began to run her fingers through his hair and then pet him like he was a cat. Well, he was a Hellcat. He found himself leaning into her touch. It was somehow soothing. Unconsciously, Garth began to purr deep in his throat. 
This seemed to snap Sasha out of her daze. Is he purring? Sasha looked at what she was doing and blushed. “Oh, sorry. I zoned out for a minute there. I thought you were a cat. And I know that sounds crazy.” She laughed nervously. I’m such a weirdo. 
“Oh, it’s alright, lassie. It felt good.” He winked roguishly at her. 
He doesn’t think I’m crazy? He’s taking this rather well. He seems oddly familiar for some reason too. I wonder…have I met him somewhere before? Sasha’s head began to throb painfully and she stood up abruptly. She grabbed the first-aid kit and returned it to the bathroom. By the time she returned Garth had started sweeping up the broken glass that was on the floor.
“Oh, you should let me help you.” Sasha offered as she made her way over to Garth and tried to take the broom from him. 
“Ah, you don’t have to, lass.” Garth objected. 
“But I want to.” Sasha took the broom and began to sweep up. Once she had all of the candy and broken glass in a pile, she grabbed a dustpan and brush. She bent over and began to sweep the pieces of broken glass and candy into the dustpan. 
Garth glanced over at what she was doing and caught a glimpse of the underwear she was wearing. Her panties were white with the design of little red strawberries on them. Strawberries? 
Sasha read Garth’s thoughts and quickly stood up straight when she realized she’d been flashing Garth her underwear. So clumsy! 
After Sasha had finished cleaning up, she got ready to go. “Well, I’d better get going, it’s getting late.” I have to go feed my pet monsters. 
“Och, wait up, lassie. Didn’t you want to buy some candy?” He gave her a hopeful look. 
Sasha clapped her hands together. “Oh, right, I completely forgot.” She looked around the shop and her eyes landed on a jar filled with Hot Tamales. She smiled. She loved Hot Tamales. “I’ll take a pound of Hot Tamales, please.” 
“Aye.” Garth grabbed a bag and scooped Red Hots into it with a stainless steel scooper. He weighed the bag and made sure it was one pound exactly. He tied the bag closed with a red bow. Garth made his way over to the register and rang up her purchase. “Your total is three dollars and thirty cents.” 
Sasha took out her wallet and paid Garth. He handed her the bag of candy. “Thank you and please come again, lassie.” 
Sasha smiled happily. “I will.” She turned to go. 
Garth grinned triumphantly. His very first pleased customer. That didn’t go so bad. There’s hope yet. The shifter thought to himself. 
However, just as Sasha was reaching for the doorhandle she suddenly collapsed onto the floor, and landed smack on her face. 
“Sasha!” Garth’s heart skipped a beat at the sight of the woman falling over like that. He leapt over the display case and ran to her side. He crouched beside her, turned her over onto her back, and pulled her into his arms. Crap. What the hell had just happened? What did I do? Did I give her a heart attack? He gently patted her face as he tried to rouse her. “Hey, wake up, lass.” 
“Mmm.” Sasha groaned and blinked her eyes open to see Garth’s concerned expression. 
What did I do? This is all my fault. Garth internally panicked. 
Sasha reached out and cupped Garth’s face. “This isn’t your fault. I have low blood sugar and if I don’t eat enough candy I’ll faint. I’m prone to fainting spells. It’s perfectly normal.” 
Low blood sugar? Fainting spells? What can I do? Garth thought. 
“Feed me some candy…I have no energy left.” Sasha directed in a soft voice. 
Garth nodded and opened the bag of candy she’d just purchased. He grabbed a Hot Tamale and held it out to Sasha’s mouth. Sasha opened her mouth and Garth plopped the candy inside. Sasha chewed and swallowed, and Garth fed her another candy. For the next few minutes, Garth fed Sasha candy by hand until her energy seemed to return. 
“I feel better now.” Sasha said as she sat up. Garth helped Sasha to stand. “Thank you. I’ll be fine now. See you.” Sasha reached for the doorhandle again. 
But Garth reached out and grabbed her wrist, stopping her. He scratched his head, feeling awkward. “Er…how about I give you a ride home?” I don’t like the idea of her walking home alone. She could faint in the middle of the street and get run over by a car. 
Sasha smiled at his concern and nodded. “Okay.” 
They left the shop together and Garth locked the door behind them. He made his way over to his black and orange Ducati motorcycle, mounted it and motioned for Sasha to get on behind him. She hesitated for a moment, but then got on behind Garth and wrapped her arms around his waist. 
Garth pulled out of his parking spot and merged into traffic. “So…where’s home?” Garth asked loudly, over the sound of the cars that were passing them. Sasha gave him the address and off they went. They arrived at their destination ten minutes later. Apparently, her ‘home’ was within walking distance of his shop. “This is it.” Sasha pointed towards a large veterinary clinic that was attached to a pet shop. Above the building the sign read: Sasha’s Veterinary Clinic and Pet Shop. 
Garth pulled his motorcycle up in front of the clinic, and something seemed to click into place inside his mind as Sasha dismounted from his bike. “You’re a veterinarian?” 
“Yes.” 
“You’re…Crazy Sasha?” 
Sasha frowned at her hated nickname. “Er…” 
“I mean, my friends know you.” Garth quickly amended upon seeing Sasha’s stricken expression. “You helped them about a month ago by developing a cure for a zombie virus, and stopped a Zombie Apocalypse from starting in this city! You’re…a genius.” 
Genius. He just called me a genius. “Ah, I wouldn’t go that far. It wasn’t that complex a virus.” 
Garth patted Sasha on the head. “You’re being too humble, lass. You saved this city.”
Sasha blushed. “Ah, yeah, well, see you.” She hurried towards the front door of her clinic. 
“See you, lassie.” Garth said before he took off on his bike, feeling like a million bucks. He’d had his very first human female customer, and he’d made a new friend. He may not have met his destined Judge, but…that didn’t really seem to matter just then. Garth felt like he was on top of the world. 
 ***
That night, Garth headed to the popular San Francisco nightclub Iron Casket in order to meet up with his information broker, Dominic Wilde. Dominic usually found out where the latest underground fight clubs in San Francisco were meeting, the password to get Garth in, and any other useful information he could get. 
Garth parked his Ducati motorcycle two blocks away from the club, and walked the rest of the way there. The club was a large, two-story, square-shaped building. Its exterior was painted black, and pieces of rusted, jagged metal had been attached to its exterior in random places for a cool art deco effect. 
The club’s name IRON CASKET had been fashioned out of metal, and attached over the front entrance. Also, next to the club’s name was a piece of metal crafted to resemble an iron casket that was half open with a skeletal hand reaching out. Iron Casket was known as being a Goth club and usually attracted a crowd of punks, Goths, and wannabe vampires. 
Garth bypassed the line and made his way to the front entrance. The bouncer, a buff vampire dressed in black named Luco, spotted Garth and waved. “Welcome back, Garth.” 
“Yo Luco.” Garth greeted casually as the vampire opened the red velvet rope barrier for him, and let Garth enter the club. 
Iron Casket wasn’t your usual human nightclub. It was a neutral zone for humans, vampires and demons to mingle in peace and safety. Although it hadn’t always been that way. The club was owned by Dracula, yes, THE Dracula, Vlad Tepes, who used to be a powerful and ancient vampire. He’d recently been turned human by an odd twist of fate. 
Dracula had his soul back, and was supposedly turning a new leaf. He no longer permitted his vampire guests to feed on his customers. It was the love of a Battle Nun known as Kendra Knight that had redeemed Dracula of his sins, gotten his soul back, and enabled this second chance at life for Dracula to live as a human. 
Dracula wasn’t too pleased by any of this, however. He didn’t want to be human and he didn’t want to bother trying to make the reincarnation of his one true love fall in love with him again. After all he and Kendra were enemies in this era. As a Battle Nun she’d been trained to hunt down and kill vampires from a very young age. And even though Dracula was no longer a vampire that didn’t mean that Kendra didn’t see him as her enemy. 
Instead of wooing Kendra, Dracula was concentrating on running his nightclub and keeping the peace among his supernatural clientele. 
Garth looked around the smoky interior of the Goth club as he searched for Dominic. The interior of the club had a very medieval and horror feel to it. The walls were painted red and black, and had bronze wall sconces with lit candles. Hundreds of lit black or white candles were everywhere - in candelabras,  round glass globes sitting on the dining tables, or in alcoves. The flickering candlelight illuminated the dancers, drinkers, and threw unsettling shadows on the walls. 
Usually the club was playing Goth metal, but tonight they had live music. Roman, a carefree satyr demon, was playing his electric guitar while singing on the stage that was located towards the back of the club. The satyr had short, blood-red hair, and sparkling golden eyes. Roman was wearing a fedora to hide the small, curling golden horns that were on the top of his head. 
Some demons had trouble maintaining their human form. It could take centuries of training to be able to maintain their human form indefinitely as Garth could. Roman had a large crowd of human and nonhuman females surrounding the stage. They were making a lot of noise as they cheered his performance. 
Garth put his fingers in his ears as the females’ shrieks reached extreme decibels. “Noisy females.” At that moment, he spotted a familiar face at a table nearby - a dangerous vampire named Slaine Morvyn. Slaine used to be Garth’s friend Derek’s Archenemy, but they got along now even though Garth didn’t really trust the bloodsucker, and still thought the guy was a creep. 
Slaine had a flashy appearance with his gelled up, snow-white hair and sparkly ruby eyes. He was wearing a white and black, leather trench coat, black leather pants, and combat boots. A belt with a glittering bat on it was around his waist. Diamond studs sparkled in his ears. The vampire was as flamboyant as they came. Slaine was currently seated at a round table with four Goth human females that appeared to be vying for his attention, and were hanging on his every word. 
A muscle beneath Garth’s eye ticked in irritation. Slaine had been in love with Derek’s fiancée Becca Thorn, but apparently he’d gotten over that already. Slaine laughed at something one of the girls said and took a swig of his beer. 
Garth’s disgusted expression turned thoughtful, however, as he noticed just how many beer bottles were on the table in front of the vampire. Maybe Slaine was trying to drown his sorrows of his unrequited love in booze and women. Garth mused, but then shrugged. It was really none of his business. He approached Slaine’s table and stood in front of it. 
His looming presence caused the girls to look up at Garth, and the blood slowly drained from their faces at the intimidating sight of him. The females’ expressions turned fearful and wary, and they shot each other nervous looks. 
Slaine looked up and up. He blinked and his brow furrowed. “Oh, hey…Garth, isn’t it? Want to join me for a drink?” His voice was slightly slurred. 
Garth shook his head. “No thanks. I’m looking for Dominic. Have you seen him?” 
Dominic was a vampire who Slaine had turned, so in a sense Slaine was Dominic’s ‘Master’ in a way. Slaine frowned. “Nope, sorry. I think he had a client but…he should be back soon. Hopefully.” There was a dark edge to the vampire’s voice.
A client? “Ah.” Garth nodded. Dominic Wilde also happened to be a professional escort. Which was a fancy way of saying he was a prostitute. 
Slaine kicked a free chair in Garth’s direction. “Take a seat and wait for him. I’ll treat you to something.” The vampire snapped his fingers and a waitress appeared at his side so fast it was like magic. 
Garth reluctantly took a seat at the table and the girls scooted their chairs farther away from him. 
“What would you like?” Slaine asked amiably. 
“I’ll have a beer.” Garth grunted. 
“How about a Guinness? You like those, right?” 
Garth gave Slaine a surprised look. “Yeah, thanks.” 
“Bring my friend here a Guinness.” Slaine told the waitress. She was a pretty Goth girl with a bob of short black hair, and a black dress. 
“Right away, Boss.” The waitress said with a flirtatious smile. She’d called Slaine ‘Boss’ because Slaine happened to be the manager of the club. Even though Slaine and Dracula had had a bit of a falling out, it appeared as thought the two had reconciled.
“We’re not friends.” Garth automatically corrected and turned his attention to the vampire. “I still don’t trust you.” 
Slaine pouted. “I thought we were friends. I guess I was wrong.” He laughed in a self-deprecating manner. “Your standoffish attitude is why you have a hard time with the ladies, Garth. You really need to turn that frown upside down.” 
“I’m not frowning.” Garth snapped. 
“Uh…right.” Slaine didn’t sound very convinced and turned his attention to the females at his table. “Well, girls, he’s nicer than he looks. Or so I’ve been told. In fact, he’s just a big old kitty cat.” A mischievous look fell over Slaine’s face. 
Slaine’s blasé attitude got on Garth’s nerves. And a muscle in his jaw ticked in irritation. 
The girls laughed nervously at Slaine’s words and shot Garth curious looks. 
Garth sighed and silently waited for his beer. It soon arrived, and Garth opened the can and took a swig. It was very good. “If I’m a cat…then you’re a type of rodent.” Garth smiled at his own joke, which was a little late. The girls trembled in fear at the sight of his fearsome smile. 
Abruptly, Garth’s eyes were covered by a pair of hands. “Guess who, sweetie?” 
Garth recognized that annoying voice. “Dominic.” 
“You got me.” Dominic uncovered Garth’s eyes, and there was a smile plastered to his handsome face. “What’s up? Don’t tell me the last fight club was also a bust?” 
Garth turned to look at Dominic and his outrageous outfit. He was wearing a flashy purple and silver silk shirt. A few buttons were unbuttoned in front to show off his pale, muscular chest, and silver body glitter. Dominic was also wearing a pair of tight, flared, black velvet pants, and a pair of platform, black leather dress shoes. Dominic was tall with a lithe physique. He had shoulder-length, violet-colored hair, and magenta-colored eyes with abnormally long lashes for a guy. The rest of his facial features were masculine. 
Dominic wore a silver necklace with a diamond on it. He had several punky piercings: one hoop on his lip, his tongue was pierced with a stud, his nose was pierced with a stud, his eyebrow was pierced with a hoop, and there were several piercings in both his ears. Garth didn’t want to know where else he was pierced. 
Garth let out a defeated sigh at the mention of that last fight club he’d gone to. “Yeah, it was a bust.” 
Slaine gave Garth a thoughtful look. “Still looking for the Red Priest?” 
Garth nodded and grit his teeth. “Yeah, so you know anything about any other fight clubs, Dominic?” 
Dominic pondered with a thoughtful look on his face, and tapped his lower lip with his index finger. Garth wondered how he was able to do that without smudging his purple lipstick. “I’m afraid not, but I do know someone who might know.” He jerked his chin in the direction of the bar.
Garth followed his gaze and spotted a hulking man dressed in black leather from head to toe. Garth was about to get up to go talk to the man, but Dominic stopped Garth with a hand to his shoulder. The informant pushed Garth back down into his chair and shook his head. “No, you don’t, honey. Your method of interrogation won’t get anything out of a guy like him. But my methods of interrogation will.” He licked his lips as he looked over the biker, potential street fighter. 
“You want him as a client?” Garth raised an eyebrow at the vampire. “You think he swings that way?” 
“Oh, he’ll bite, I think. I can tell he likes it rough.” Dominic said casually. 
Garth frowned at the vampire’s words. Slaine was frowning too. “Hey, I don’t want you doing anything you don’t want to do for my sake. Got it?” The shifter said firmly. 
Surprise flickered across Dominic’s magenta-colored eyes. His playful expression softened. “Don’t worry. I want him to do me.” 
“Dominic.” Slaine snapped angrily. “There are ladies present. Don’t be so crude.” He gave the girls at the table an apologetic look. “Sorry about that, ladies.” 
“Ah, sorry, sorry.” Dominic instantly apologized to the females. “I’m just a disgusting sex freak. I just can’t help myself. But if I had to choose between that guy over there and say your Guardian Angel Gabriel.” Dominic put his hands out in a helpless gesture. “I’d have to choose the angel. He’s totally my type. A total hottie. I wonder how he likes it in bed. I bet he likes to-”
Someone invisible smacked Dominic on the back of his head with a whack! Dominic chuckled and an amused grin curled his lips. “I knew he was here. I could smell him.” He smells like fresh mint. 
“I don’t know what’s creepier. The fact that you can smell him or the fact he’s here…invisible.” Garth shook his head while a smile tugged at the corner of his lips. 
Abruptly, Gabriel made himself visible all at once. He was scowling, and had his arms crossed over his chest. “I don’t smell, you perverted vampire.” He glared daggers at Dominic. 
Gabriel was dressed in his usual black leather pants and boots, but was also wearing a simple, blue, button-down shirt. It was weird seeing the angel without his battle armor and wings though. 
Dominic’s eyes danced merrily as he looked at Gabriel. “Much better. Is that a new shirt?” He raked his eyes hungrily over Gabriel’s broad chest. “Nice. I like it. So, do you want to be my client tonight instead, Gabriel? Do you want to save me?” He gave the angel a lascivious wink. 
“No way in hell.” Gabriel snapped angrily.  
Dominic sighed and pouted. “I thought so. A guy can dream though.” He shrugged. “Well, I guess it’s off to work for me. Don’t worry, Garth, I’ll get you the info you need.” 
“Thanks, bro.” Garth nodded in thanks. 
Dominic sauntered off towards the bar and took a seat next to the biker in leather. 
“Awkward!” Slaine coughed into his hand. 
“I’m going to go over there…” Gabriel trailed off as he stalked away and took a seat at one of the free tables nearby. 
Garth frowned at Gabriel, wondering why he was even there. Was his sister Uriel there, invisible, and fawning over the mysterious ‘playboy vampire’ he’d mentioned earlier? Wait a second, playboy vampire? Garth shot Slaine a quizzical look. Could Uriel be crushing on Slaine? Garth wondered. 
“It’s so creepy how those angels can turn invisible like that.” Slaine began and leaned over the table to speak in a low voice to Garth. “I’ve felt…a presence recently. You don’t think Gabriel’s been stalking me, do you?” 
Garth barked out a laugh. “Most definitely not. He doesn’t swing that way either, as far as I know.” 
“Hmm.” Slaine hummed thoughtfully as he glanced at Gabriel, who was currently giving Dominic a disgusted sneer as he watched him flirt with the biker. 
Garth sniffed the air; he could smell a sugary scent like a cherry-flavored Tootsie Roll Pop. Uriel always sucked on those. He grabbed Slaine’s hand and put it against where he thought Uriel was. 
“She’s…about here, I think.” Garth declared. 
Slaine grabbed…a woman’s boob? What the hell? “An invisible woman…!” 
“Eee!” Uriel let out a shriek and slapped Slaine hard across the face. 
Gabriel noticed what was going on and clenched his hand around his beer bottle, which shattered. “Slaine…I’ll kill him for touching my sister like that.” But he held himself back. Just barely. 
Slaine noticed Gabriel’s bloodlust directed his way and smiled amusedly. “Interesting.” So I have an invisible admirer, do I? 
Garth chuckled and took a sip of his beer as he glanced around the nightclub. That’s when he caught sight of something incredible and completely unexpected. “No frickin way. A Battle Nun here. Why?” The shifter stalked her with his eyes. 
The Battle Nun was dressed in a dark blue dress with white crosses on it, and had a blue veil on her head that covered her hair. She even had her medieval broadsword strapped to her side in plain sight. 
Slaine followed Garth’s line of sight with his eyes. “Oh, that’s-”
Garth stood up from his seat. “A Battle Nun. A follower of the Red Priest!” 
 “Hey, wait, Garth. That’s-” Slaine started to object, but Garth had already started off through the crowd after the Battle Nun, who was heading for the stairs that led to the second floor. “Really not a good idea.” Slaine let out a sigh. “Oh well. It’s his funeral.” 
Garth pursued the Battle Nun to the second floor and watched as she stalked down the hall with purposeful steps, and stopped in front of one door in particular. The Battle Nun unsheathed her sword and attacked the door with it. “Ha!” She carved an X into the door and it was cut into four pieces. The Battle Nun then stepped inside of Dracula’s office. 
Dracula sat behind his large office desk doing paperwork, and looked up to see what the commotion was. 
“Dracula! I’m here to kill you!” Battle Nun Kendra Knight declared as she pointed her sword at Dracula, her dark blue eyes flashing. 
An amused smile curled Dracula’s lips. “Well, hello, my beautiful flower. What is this…the fourth, no, fifth time you’ve tried to kill me this week? I feel special.” 
Kendra flushed in embarrassment. Surely, this time she’d kill him and make her adoptive father the Red Priest proud! “Die!” Kendra started forward. However-
There was a sudden hand on her upper arm stopping her from moving forward. She flinched from the bruising grip. Kendra turned to see a man she’d seen around the club before, but didn’t know by name. “You?” 
“Battle Nun…you’re a Battle Nun, right? A follower of the Red Priest?” Garth demanded harshly. 
“Yes.” 
Garth tightened his grip on Kendra’s arm and she yelped in pain. “Where is the Red Priest!” He rumbled. 
“Hey, that hurts. Get your hand off of me!” Kendra demanded, her eyes flashing. 
Garth turned his head slightly, and his eyes widened in a mixture of shock and surprise. He hadn’t even seen the man move! But Dracula was in front of him and swinging this incredible looking, medieval, double-edged sword down in an arc towards Garth’s arm. Crap! 
Garth let go of Kendra and pulled his arm back, but not fast enough. Dracula’s sword sliced deeply into Garth’s upper arm, cutting to the bone. Bloody hell! Garth’s right arm now hung useless at his side. 
“You’ll pay for touching my woman, Garth Mackenzie!” Dracula lunged in attack again. There was a murderous aura surrounding Dracula that resembled black flames.
Garth dodged, then rushed forward, and spun around to meet Dracula’s attack. The man was fast! Was he really only a human now? Crap! 
“My? I don’t belong to anyone!” Kendra stomped her foot angrily on the black marble floor. 
Garth dodged a forward jab and threw a punch at Dracula’s face. Dracula nimbly dodged, and attacked Garth relentlessly with his sword again. Garth sidestepped out of the way and that’s when his side hit Dracula’s desk. He suddenly had nowhere to go. 
Dracula lunged his sword forward and stabbed Garth in the stomach. But the bloodthirsty ex-vampire didn’t stop there and slid his sword sideways opening up Garth’s stomach. Fuck that hurts. Garth mentally swore and grit his teeth against the pain. Dracula withdrew his sword and Garth quickly wrapped his arm around his stomach to keep his guts inside. He coughed up blood. 
Dracula placed his sword against Garth’s throat in a threatening manner. “Never touch Kendra again. Or I’ll cut your head off.” 
Garth looked past Dracula at Kendra. “W-Where is he…where is the Red Priest? Tell me!” 
Kendra’s eyes widened at Garth’s unwavering determination to find her adoptive father then narrowed. “Not telling.” 
“You heard the lady. Now, leave, and use the rear exit. I don’t want you scaring my patrons.” Dracula directed with an imperious wave of his sword towards the busted door of his office. 
“Darn it.” Garth swore as he staggered out of the office. Leaving behind that Battle Nun was hard. She had to know where the Red Priest was. Crap. How can Dracula still be this strong…as a human? He can still fight like a devil. Muscle memory? But that would still put a lot of stress on Dracula’s human body. Garth thought. 
The Hellcat shifter left the club, bleeding all over the place, managed to get on his Ducati somehow, and drove back to his candy shop. He barely managed to get through the front door before he collapsed on the floor. He dreamed of the past again. 
To be continued in…Candy 4: Caramel Apple




Chapter 4: Caramel Apple

FLASHBACK 
The following morning at dawn Leslie opened the door to Garth’s bedchamber and waltzed inside. She stalked over to the window and pulled aside the thick, red velvet curtain, flooding the room with light. 
Garth groaned as a stream of golden light hit his face. “Ugh…what do you think you’re doing? Shut those bloody drapes, lass!” 
“Rise and shine, Garth!” Leslie declared as she made her way over to Garth’s bed and pulled the cover right off his body. “We have a long day ahead of us, and we’d best get an early start! Oh-!”
Leslie looked down at Garth’s exposed crotch. Apparently, Garth slept in the nude and Garth was turned on. “Mmm.” Leslie licked her lips at the appetizing sight. Yummy, yummy. A wolfish smile curled her lips. “Why don’t you let me help you with that first, lad?” Leslie pointed her finger at his crotch. 
Garth looked down at his crotch, realized he was turned on, and flushed out of embarrassment. He covered his crotch with his two hands. “Avert your eyes, lass! Have you no decency?” 
Leslie quirked her head at Garth, raised an eyebrow, and laughed. “Decency? What an odd thing for a demon to say.” She looked at Garth’s flushed, panicked face. She sighed, and then shrugged. “Well, if you’re sure. But it’s your loss.” Leslie licked her lips teasingly. “Hurry up and get dressed. Lachlan is already outside and waiting for us to depart. We’re going to take you to the village that is under Clan MacWulver’s protection today.” 
Garth frowned at Leslie’s antics, picked up a pillow, and launched it at Leslie’s head. “Get out of here, you wicked lass!” 
Leslie nimbly dodged the pillow and laughed. Her blue eyes were sparkling with mirth. “Alright already. Okay. I understand. I’ll meet you outside, Garth!” She threw Garth a roguish wink. She opened the door, exited, and closed the door behind her. 
Garth sighed and looked down at his crotch. He wouldn’t be able to ride a horse like this. He decided to take care of business. Leslie’s freckled face came to his mind and he groaned. But when he recalled a pink-haired angel - that’s when he ended up reaching the peak of his pleasure. 
After Garth had cleaned himself up and dressed properly in his tartan plaid, belt, and boots, he made his way through the castle and exited out the front set of double doors into the main courtyard. He looked around and spotted Lachlan and Leslie standing outside the stables with three horses that were already tacked up and ready to go. 
Garth approached the duo with swift, long strides. “Good morning, Lachlan.” 
“Good morning.” Lachlan smiled at Garth charmingly. “I took the liberty of choosing a horse for you to ride. I hope you don’t mind. You’re such a big fella I decided that the only horse that could carry you was Goliath here.” Lachlan patted the side of an enormous brown warhorse. “What do you think of him?” 
Garth approached the horse tentatively and reached out to stroke its muzzle. The horse pushed his nose into Garth’s hand and pawed at the ground impatiently as if saying ‘Let’s get this show on the road already!’. Garth smirked at the spirited steed. “I like him.” 
Lachlan looked pleased. “This steed here is my horse Duff.” Lachlan patted the muzzle of an elegant stallion with a gleaming black coat, and liquid black eyes that reminded Garth of polished onyx. “We’ve been through many a battle together. Haven’t we, boy?” Lachlan gave the horse an appreciative smile. 
“And this beauty here is my horse Fiona.” Leslie waved her hand at a pretty white mare. “She’s small but she’s very fast!” 
Lachlan put one foot in the stirrup and swung his leg over the saddle, mounting his horse in one fluid motion. He grabbed the reins. “Let’s get this show on the road, friends.” 
“Aye.” Leslie agreed as she skillfully swung herself up into her saddle next. 
Garth had watched them both mount, and approached Goliath apprehensively. He’d never ridden a horse before, or if he had he didn’t remember. But how hard could it be? Garth put his foot in the stirrup and was about to swing himself up into the saddle when Goliath took off walking after Duff and Fiona. “Och! Wait a minute, Goliath!” Garth complained as he threw his arms over the saddle and clung to the side of the horse. 
Lachlan and Leslie glanced over their shoulders to see what the commotion was, and immediately burst out laughing at Garth’s plight. 
Garth felt his cheeks heat up and cursed his fair complexion. Crap. He concentrated on using all the strength in his arms, lifted himself up, and then swung himself into the saddle. 
“Whoo!” Lachlan whistled appreciatively at Garth’s stunt that reminded him of something he’d seen performed by a troupe of traveling human entertainers. “Not bad, Garth. But let’s see if you can keep up with us! Hyah!” Lachlan dug his heels into his horse’s sides, and Duff shot off like a hawk, exiting through the open castle gate.  
“Do try and keep up, Garth!” Leslie challenged before kicking her horse into a swift trot and taking off after Lachlan. 
“Alright then, Goliath. Let’s do this.” Garth said before gently squeezing Goliath’s sides with his powerful legs. Goliath was more than ready to comply and shot off at a gallop, pursing the other two horses happily. 
Garth was forced to wrap his arms around the horse’s neck and hold on for dear life. He decided right then and there that he didn’t like riding one bit. Goliath shot through the open castle gate and down a dirt road, which headed towards the village that was located in the Middle March and close to the border between Scotland and England. 
The road was sloped since Castle MacWulver was situated high on a hill with the mountains just behind it. After a few minutes, Garth finally felt comfortable enough to let go of Goliath’s neck, sit up straight in his saddle and grab the reins. 
Lachlan and Leslie began to slow down their horses as the village finally came into view. The village was composed of stone dwellings and shops with thatched roofs. The houses appeared to be in good condition and none of the building appeared to be dilapidated or in need of repair. Surrounding the village was lush, green farmland and expansive animal paddocks with horses, sheep, and cows.  
By the time the trio was entering the village they’d slowed their horses down to a walk. “This is our village. A human village that is under Clan MacWulver’s protection. It is a very peaceful and prosperous place.” Leslie told Garth with a note of pride in her voice. 
The companions rode into town and made their way down the main street. Garth looked around at the homes and shops curiously. As the trio rode their horses through the village the humans smiled and waved at them enthusiastically, and greeted them in a very friendly manner. When a group of children spotted the shifters, they ran over, and began to run in circles around them. 
Garth frowned thoughtfully as he looked at the humans and their wee bairns, small children. They looked so…fragile, helpless, weak. Apparently, the humans were mortal, prone to sickness, could die of a small cut if it got infected, and possessed no supernatural powers whatsoever. Garth pitied them…even as he envied them their simple, peaceful existence that wasn’t cursed like his own. “The villagers seem very friendly. Do they know what we are?” 
Leslie nodded solemnly. “Aye, and that’s what’s so unusual and wonderful about our village. All the people here know what we are - that we are demon shifters. They also know our purpose here. Or at least a part of it. The villagers know that we are trying to find human mates. Although, they don’t know our true reason, which is to find our destined Judges and get redeemed. They believe we want human mates in order to blend in with human society better. People come from all over Scotland to live here, and to see if they can win the heart of a powerful demon shifter.”
Garth’s brow furrowed in confusion. “I don’t really understand why a human would want a demon as a mate.” 
“Oh, it is a desirable fate for the pitiful humans because it means they will have our protection during such dangerous and unpredictable times.” Lachlan began to explain. “The King of Scotland, King James V, has given us permission to live here among his people as long as we protect his interests.”
“Laird Magnus is one of the wardens of the Middle March, and has been charged with protecting this human village from all threats: reivers, bandits, rival clans, and the English.” Leslie added. 
Garth raised his eyebrow at Leslie. “King James V knows we’re demons?”
Lachlan smiled sardonically. “We are in the King’s debt because of it. If he has need of us…we will fight for the King of Scotland, to protect his throne, his life, and his heirs.” 
“It’s the least we can do.” Leslie spoke up. “We are able to live side by side with the humans because he allows it. Because of him we all have a chance to find true love and be redeemed.” There was a hopeful, passionate look in Leslie’s blue eyes as she spoke of finding her true love. 
Garth looked at the village in a new light. These villagers knew what they were and yet accepted them. Many were even there to try and catch the eye of a demon shifter to be their mate. Unreal. These weak, pitiful humans were oddly brave. He had to respect that. “These humans are brave.” 
“Or maybe they’re just stupid.” Lachlan quipped with a sneer. 
“Lachlan!” Leslie chided Lachlan with a disappointed look on her face. 
The trio dismounted, tethered their horses to a nearby fence, and began to walk through the village while heading towards the market square. Several food stalls, and stalls selling various wares from jewelry to pottery had been set up on either side of the main street. The villagers treated the shifters like kings and queens in their midst, and offered them free food. One villager even presented Leslie with a blue agate necklace that matched Leslie’s eyes perfectly. 
Garth watched as Lachlan clasped the necklace around Leslie’s neck and how the man’s hands lingered. Lachlan leaned over and breathed in Leslie’s delectable scent before he pulled away from her. 
Well, the villagers were being nice to Lachlan and Leslie, but appeared to be too intimidated by Garth’s height and fierce golden stare to approach him. 
Leslie hit Garth on the back of his head with a whack! “Would you stop doing that? You’re scaring the living daylights out of them!” 
“Ow.” Garth rubbed the back of his head and gave Leslie a confused look. “Doing what?” 
Leslie raised an incredulous eyebrow at Garth. “You’re glaring at them. You have this murderous stare on your face.” 
Garth frowned. “I am? I do? But…I’m not doing anything.” 
Both of Leslie’s red eyebrows rose at Garth’s denial. 
Lachlan laughed in amusement. “Let him off the hook, Leslie. That’s just how his face naturally looks. The poor lad can’t do anything about it. You should see him when he tries to smile!” 
Leslie snorted. “That so? Never mind then.” She gave Garth a consoling pat on his arm. 
Garth wondered what his face looked like that people found it so…frightening. He couldn’t remember his own reflection and hadn’t bothered to look into a mirror yet. That’s when Garth noticed a curious sight out of the corner of his eye. 
A little girl that was probably around seven-years-old was playing with a scary looking black cat. The cat was missing an ear and had a scar over one of its eyes, and yet the girl-child was playing with the cat, petting it, hugging it, and giggling happily. The little girl was extremely cute with her short, brown ringlets that framed her face, and wide brown eyes. She was wearing an English-style red dress and shiny black leather shoes. 
Garth felt envious of the cat. It was scary looking but the girl-child was still showering it with love and affection. “Are we going anywhere in particular?” Garth asked his companions curiously. 
“As a matter of fact, we are.” Lachlan agreed. “You can’t be a true member of our clan until you have your very own sword! And that’s why we’re going to see our village blacksmith Rory MacDougall to make you a custom-made sword.” 
Garth looked enviously at the claymores strapped to Lachlan’s and Leslie’s waists. He hadn’t thought about it until just then, but he felt naked without a sword while in his human form. His hand reached down as if to grasp the hilt of a sword and the movement felt extremely natural as if he’d done it a million times before. He may not have remembered if he knew how to wield a sword, but his body remembered. His body had stored those memories in his muscle and sinew. Garth grinned. “It’s about damned time!” 
“Ah, I should probably warn you.” Leslie began in a serious tone. “Rory isn’t your usual blacksmith. Before he decided to get married and become a blacksmith he was a Battle Priest and a part of Pope Leo X’s Crimson Cross Order.”
“Crimson Cross Order?” Garth questioned. 
“The Crimson Cross Order is a holy army of knights, Battle Priests and Battle Nuns that do Pope Leo X’s bidding.” Leslie explained. “They’re vampire hunters, mostly. In order to get Rory’s approval to forge you a sword, you’ll have to beat him in single combat.”
“He likes to fight shifters first in order to evaluate their skill level. That way he can decide what kind of sword they’ll need, and be able to wield.” Lachlan added.
“You’re telling me that I get to fight him right off the bat? Count me in. I’m always itching for a good fight.” Garth cracked his knuckles, a gleam of expectation in his savage golden eyes. 
Lachlan slapped Garth heartily on the back. “Good luck. The two of us will have to spar someday as well.” 
A feral smile curled Garth’s lips. “Aye.” 
Leslie rolled her eyes at the lads. Lads - all they ever thought about was fighting! 
Forthwith, the companions made their way to Rory’s Blacksmith Shop. Leslie didn’t even bother knocking when she arrived, but opened the door and strode inside as if she owned the place. 
“She never knocks, does she?” Garth asked Lachlan in a low voice with a wry smile on his face. 
Lachlan chuckled at Leslie’s brazenness. “Nope. That lass is a free spirit, for sure.” 
Lachlan and Garth followed Leslie inside of the blacksmith’s shop. The shop had a very open layout with a large forge towards the back. The forge was lit, and causing the interior of the shop to be very warm. The walls were covered with various weapons: swords, battleaxes, spears and shields. 
Blacksmith Rory was currently hammering the blade of a heated, glowing sword on an anvil, a clanging sound echoing through the room. 
“Good morning, Rory. We’ve brought you a new sword candidate.” Leslie greeted, not beating around the bush. 
“That so?” Rory replied without looking up from his work. “Give me a minute. I’m almost finished with this piece here.” 
“Aye.” Leslie agreed. 
Garth gave the blacksmith an appraising look. Rory had definitely seen some battle in his days and had gained a muscular physique because of it. Garth could also tell by the way the man moved that he could handle himself in battle. The blacksmith had messy, shoulder-length, dark brown hair, rugged facial features, kind brown eyes, and there was some careless stubble on his chin. Rory was wearing a tartan kilt with a black leather apron over top. 
A few minutes later, Rory finished with his hammering and dunked the red-hot sword blade into a bucket of cold water. Steam rose up into the air from the bucket and a hissing sound was heard. Rory pulled out the sword and inspected the blade. “Not bad, but not my best.” He set the finished sword down on a nearby wooden table. He finally turned his attention to his guests. 
“Lachlan. Leslie.” The blacksmith nodded in greeting and then his scrutinizing gaze fell upon Garth. His eyes widened as he took in how tall Garth was at six-eight and he whistled. “Whoo. You’re a big one aren’t you? You a bear shifter? Dragon shifter?” 
Garth opened his mouth to reply ‘tiger shifter’ or ‘weretiger’.  
But Lachlan beat him to it. “He’s a cat shifter.” He smirked in amusement. 
Rory raised an eyebrow at Garth. “A kitty cat?” 
Garth flushed. “A Hellcat. It’s more like a tiger than a cat.” He argued quickly. 
“Uh huh.” Rory didn’t sound all that convinced. 
Lachlan and Leslie snorted as they tried to hold back their laughter at Garth’s expense. Those jerks. Garth thought as he shot a glare their way. 
“Well, let’s get this over with, shall we?” Rory walked over to a wall covered in swords and after a moment he selected a sword for Garth. “Here. Use this.” He tossed the sword at Garth. 
Garth effortlessly caught the sword by its hilt. It felt good having a sword in his hand again. He executed a few practice swings to get a feel for the weight of the sword. 
Rory nodded approvingly. “You have good reflexes. I think for this bout I’ll use the best sword I’ve ever forged. My masterpiece.” The blacksmith pulled down an impressive looking claymore. Its blade was thin and the sword looked light. 
Garth frowned at it. “That sword looks weak.” 
“Well, let’s see how weak it is then.” Rory challenged as he pulled off his apron and got into a fighting stance. With his apron off Garth caught sight of an interesting looking necklace that was dangling around Rory’s neck. It was a Celtic Triquetra knot made of an orange-red Jasper stone. 
As Garth stared at the pendant it appeared to glow with a red-tinged light. But when Garth did a double take to look at the pendant again it appeared normal. I must have imagined it. Garth thought to himself. 
Garth followed suit and got into a fighting stance too, sword raised before him in a two-handed grip. Before he even blinked, Rory had charged forward and lunged his sword forward at Garth. Crap! The blacksmith was fast. Garth quickly brought up his sword to block the blow and not a moment too soon. 
The duel began. Garth fought against Rory savagely, and their swords clashed nosily. Garth swung his sword in an overhead downward slash, but it was too slow. Rory snuck past Garth’s defenses and landed a glancing blow on Garth’s side, which started to bleed. Bloody hell. Garth mentally swore. 
Garth attacked Rory again, but the man was faster and this time as Garth was forced to avoid his attack Rory’s sword sliced into Garth’s upper arm. Blood dripped down onto the dirt floor. 
Leslie casually walked over to a nearby kitchen table and swiped a red apple from the basket that was sitting on it. She took a loud bite out of it. “Garth…Rory is allowed to hurt you during this match because you’re immortal, but remember not to harm Rory - he’s human.” 
Leslie picked up another apple and tossed it in Lachlan’s direction. Lachlan caught it easily and took a bite out of it. “There’s no way he’ll beat Rory on his first try, so your warning is meaningless. It took me three times before I could best him.” He reminded Leslie. 
“And it only took me two.” A wolfish smile curled Leslie’s lips. 
“Bragger.” Lachlan groused. 
Garth tried to concentrate on Rory’s movements and to block the incoming sword blows, but Rory and his light sword were just too fast, darn it! “Argh!” Garth swung his sword sideways in a frustrated manner. 
Rory blocked the blow easily, and kicked Garth right in the stomach and with enough force that Garth was knocked off his feet to land on the dirt floor on his back. “Oof!” Garth’s sword had slipped out of his grip and he reached for it. 
But then the shifter felt a sword tip pressing against his throat. Garth swallowed and looked up to see Rory’s triumphant expression. “You lose, Hellcat. Come back again tomorrow-” Rory was saying. 
“No, you lose.” Garth countered as he reached his left hand out and wrapped it around the middle of Rory’s sword’s blade. “Argh!” Garth summoned his demonic power and his hand began to heat up. He concentrated all his strength into his grip and shattered the sword’s blade. 
In a swift move, Garth picked up his sword and pressed the tip of it against Rory’s stomach. “If I continued lunging my sword forward you’d be dead now, human. I win.” The shifter’s tone was smug. 
“You…you destroyed my masterpiece.” Rory looked down at his broken sword, his long hair shielding his expression. 
“That weak sword?” Garth scoffed. “I was able to break it with my bare hand. Now, hurry up and make me a strong sword. A nice heavy sword that won’t break.” He demanded in a haughty manner. 
Rory looked up, his eyes blazing with anger. “You broke my masterpiece. Get out.” He said the last softly. 
“Huh?” Garth questioned. 
“Get out!” Rory shouted, raising his voice. “I won’t forge a sword for the likes of you! You have no respect for the spirit of a sword!” The blacksmith tossed his broken sword aside and turned his back to Garth, clearly dismissing him. 
Garth got up and scratched the back of his neck confusedly. Did he just piss off the blacksmith accidentally? Oops. Garth sighed and set the sword down on the nearby table. He strode past Lachlan and Leslie unable to meet their questioning stares. He’d really screwed this one up. 
“Garth, wait!” Leslie called after him but Garth didn’t stop. 
Garth exited the shop and walked swiftly through the bustling village while feeling pissed off at himself. I can be such an idiot. He kicked a rock in the muddy road and sent it flying. 
He looked up to see where the hell he was. He’d gone a long ways from the blacksmith’s house and was somewhere in the outskirts of the village. It was isolated there and there weren’t very many people around. 
The sound of someone crying drew Garth’s attention and he turned his head to see the little brown-haired girl from earlier who’d been playing with the ugly cat. She was looking back and forth at the people passing her by with a nervous, anxious expression on her face. Her big brown eyes were welling up with tears and her lower lip began to tremble. 
Was the girl lost? Garth wondered as his protective instincts kicked in. This weak little girl needed his help. But then he pictured approaching the little girl, crouching before her and asking: ‘Are you lost, lassie?’. The little girl would look up into his scary face, scream and probably faint. 
Bloody hell. Garth scratched his head and wondered what he should do. It was too bad he wasn’t a cat…that’s it! Garth smirked and summoned his tiger-like ears and his tail. His ears sprouted out of the top of his head and his tail emerged behind him. He had to reach his hand behind him into his kilt to pull out his tail. There. Alright. This just might work. 
Garth made his way over to the little girl and crouched down before her. “Meow.” He greeted her. 
The girl sniffled and looked up and up, and her eyes widened at the sight of Garth’s scary face, his fierce golden eyes, and the furry cat ears on the top of his head. A grin broke out across the little girl’s face. “Kitty!” She exclaimed before rushing to Garth’s side and grabbing onto his arm affectionately. 
“Are you lost, lassie?” Garth questioned the girl-child as she hugged his arm. 
The little girl looked up at Garth and nodded. “Aye, I lost my Momma.” She reached up and began to pet Garth’s soft, fuzzy cat ears. Garth leaned into her gentle touch and had to stop himself from purring.
“Then we’ll find her together, lassie.” 
“Okay.” 
Garth straightened and offered the little girl his hand. She took it. “What’s your name, lassie?” 
“My name is Kirstin. What about you, kitty?” She looked up at him, wide eyed. 
“What a bonny name you have, lassie. My name is Garth. Or at least I think it is.” Garth shrugged. 
“You think? How can you not know?” Kirstin tilted her head at Garth. 
“Well, I lost my memory, but a pink-haired angel called me that.” 
“Pink hair?” The little girl giggled at the thought. “I bet she was pretty.” 
Garth nodded. “Oh, she was. Very bonny. I wish I could get to meet her again. There was something special about her.” 
“If you wish for something hard enough…it will come true.” Kirstin said firmly. 
“That so?” 
Kirstin nodded. “Yes, that’s what Momma told me.” 
“I’ll try and remember that, lassie.” Garth said before ruffling her hair with his big hand. 
Garth walked through the village while holding the little girl’s hand, and with his cat ears and tail visible for all to see. The villagers stared and their cold, wary attitudes towards Garth changed as amused smiles broke out on their faces. The villagers began to smile, wave, and laugh good-naturedly at the unlikely pair. 
“Helping that wee bairn find her mother?” A young village woman asked kindly. 
“Aye.” Garth nodded. 
The woman blushed and the group of women that were with her giggled behind upraised hands. “I think I saw her down in the market square. She has a red dress on just like her daughter. Muireall is a real beauty. You can’t miss her!” 
“Thank you kindly.” Garth replied as he and the girl-child began to head in that direction. It wasn’t long before they spotted the girl’s mother up ahead on the road in front of them. The woman was extremely beautiful with long wavy, light brown hair, pale skin, and sea-green eyes. She had a willowy physique and appeared to be as graceful as a swaying willow in the wind. Muireall was wearing an English-style red dress with a tight corset. Garth couldn’t help it as his gaze lingered on her cleavage for a moment. 
Muireall spotted them and her eyes widened before she rushed over to her daughter. “Kirstin!” 
“Momma!” Kirstin let go of Garth’s hand and flew towards her mother. 
Muireall crouched before Kirstin and hugged her daughter tightly. “Kirstin, where have you been, you naughty bairn!” She looked up at Garth and smiled brightly. “Thank you, Stranger.” 
Garth just smiled and moved to go past them. “Wait.” Muireall straightened, smoothed her hands over her dress, and boldly grabbed Garth’s arm, stopping him. “Please come back with me to my home. I have some fresh apples that are hard to find around these parts. I’d like to reward you for what you did by helping my daughter find her way back to me.” 
“Ah, there’s no need-” Garth started to object. 
Muireall leaned forward to whisper in Garth’s ear. “You must be newly arrived. It’s considered an insult to refuse a gift here.” 
“That so? Well, alright then.” Garth scratched the back of his neck, feeling at a loss. 
“My name is Muireall. What’s your name?” 
“It’s Garth.”
“Well, nice to meet you, Garth.” Muireall smiled amiably as she took her daughter’s hand. Garth began to escort the mother and daughter through the village and to their home. A few minutes later, Muireall stopped right outside of Rory’s Blacksmith Shop. A muscle ticked beneath Garth’s eye at the ironic sight. 
Muireall opened the door and stepped inside while still holding her daughter’s hand. “We’re home, Dear.” She called out. 
“Ah, welcome back, my bonny love.” Rory greeted them happily and watched as Garth ended up entering after them. He frowned at the sight of the Hellcat shifter. “You. What are you doing back here again? Didn’t I make myself clear the first time? I want you gone. Get out of here!” Rory waved his hand angrily at Garth. 
Muireall gasped at her husband’s odd behavior, and shot Garth an apologetic look. “Dear! Don’t be rude to our guest! This fine man just helped our daughter.” 
A muscle ticked in Rory’s jaw. “He what?” He questioned through gritted teeth. 
Kirstin rushed over to her father and clung to his kilt as she peered up at him with tears filling her big brown eyes. “Papa, I got lost and this big kitty cat helped me to find my way back to Mommy.” 
Rory shot Garth a surprised look. “Is that so?” He let out a defeated sigh and then ran his hand back through his messy brown hair in a frustrated gesture. “Ugh, alright, fine. I guess I owe you for helping my daughter. She’s the apple of my eye. I’ll forge you a sword, Hellcat.” 
Garth grinned happily. “Thank you very much.” 
Muireall fetched the basket of red apples that was on the kitchen table and walked over to offer it to Garth. “Here, lad. I would like you to have these. Take them with you for your journey back to Castle MacWulver. The castle is pretty far away after all, and I’m sure you’ll get hungry along the way.” 
Garth felt his cheeks heat up as he accepted the basket of apples from the stunning human woman. He could understand why Rory had decided to stop being a priest and had decided to marry Muireall. “Thank you, Muireall.” 
Garth felt a sword pressing against his throat and gulped. He looked sideways to see Rory holding the sword. “Don’t act so familiar with my wife. You can call her Lady Muireall.” 
Muireall blushed at her husband’s possessiveness. “Dearest.” She chided lightly. 
“Understood. My apologies…Lady Muireall.” Garth offered the apology with a respectful nod. 
Muireall’s blush deepened. “My, my, don’t worry about it.” 
Garth felt his friends Lachlan and Leslie throw their arms around his shoulders, one on either side of him, as they congratulated him on his good fortune. 
“You lucky lad!” Lachlan crowed. “Well, it looks like you’ll be getting a sword after all!” 
“You are such a lady killer, Garth.” Leslie teased as she reached out to poke Garth’s cheek with her index finger. “And what’s with those cat ears? Can I touch them? They look so soft.” Her eyes sparkled as she looked at the pair of fuzzy orange and black ears on the top of Garth’s head. 
Garth had forgotten how he had his cat ears and tail out. He flushed. “Nay.” He got out of his friends’ hold and backed away from them with his hands raised before him. “Don’t even think about it.” 
“Oh, come on. Let me touch them. Please!” Leslie began to chase Garth around the blacksmith’s shop. 
Lachlan arched an eyebrow at Leslie’s antics and the corners of his mouth twitched in amusement.
“I want to pet the kitty too!” Kirstin declared before joining in on the chase. 
Rory, Lachlan, and Muireall laughed as they watched the spectacle. And Rory thought about what kind of sword would suit Garth. It would have to be even stronger than his masterpiece. Garth was so tall, the sword could be longer than average, but he didn’t want to make it too heavy because that would just make it slower during combat. Speed was the key in close quarters combat. I’ll make him my best claymore yet! Rory vowed to himself. And Garth appears to be a man that will be worthy of it. 
***
Afterwards Garth, Lachlan, and Leslie began to make their way back towards Castle MacWulver and the Scottish Highlands. “Before we return let’s see if we can’t hunt down some fresh meat for tonight’s dinner.” Lachlan suggested, with an excited gleam in his green-gray eyes. He loved a good hunt. 
“Good idea!” Leslie readily agreed. “I brought an extra bow and quiver of arrows for Garth to use in case we decided to go hunting. The weather today really is bonny.” Leslie urged her horse Fiona to move closer to Goliath. Leslie handed Garth the extra bow and quiver of arrows. 
Garth looked down at the weapon quizzically. “I recognize these weapons somehow, but I don’t know if I know how to shoot a bow or not.” 
“Well, you’re about to find out. Let’s make this a contest.” Lachlan suggested slyly. “The one who doesn’t manage to shoot a deer, boar or rabbit will have to butcher the other’s bounty.” 
“I’m in.” Leslie said confidently. “You lads are losing today!” 
“We’ll see about that.” Lachlan shot back. 
Lachlan and Leslie kicked their horse’s sides and veered off the road that led to the castle, and instead took a path that led into the nearby forest. “Hey, wait up, you two!” Garth maneuvered Goliath to face the right direction and squeezed his horse’s sides. Goliath shot off like a lightning bolt down the dirt path and into the forest. 
As Garth entered the forest he looked around for any sign of Lachlan or Leslie. “Those jerks…they’ve completely left me behind.” And Garth was in an unfamiliar place. He had no idea how to navigate his way through the forest. 
Garth decided he would just stick to the obvious forest path. He reached over his shoulder to pull an arrow from the quiver and nocked it to his bow. The motion seemed natural and practiced as if he’d done it hundreds of times before. Well, I guess that answers my question. Apparently, I have used a bow in the past. 
The sound of a branch breaking got Garth’s attention and he turned in his saddle, aiming his arrow in the direction the sound had come from. Garth spotted a large stag with an enormous pair of antlers on its head. He almost loosed his arrow upon it immediately, but then noted that the stag’s eyes were glowing with an eerie blue light. That wasn’t natural. Garth decided with a feeling of suspicion and unease. 
The stag appeared to be looking right at him, and didn’t appear to be afraid. In fact, there was something about that gaze which made Garth feel like he was being assessed. Those swirling blue eyes seemed to see right through him to his very soul in an unsettling manner. 
The stag turned its antlered head to peer in one direction in the forest, and then turned its head to look at Garth again. After that the stag began to slowly take off into the forest as if it expected Garth to follow it. 
How strange. Garth scratched his head, wondering what he should do. He shrugged and lowered his bow. “Ah, what the hell.” He turned Goliath off the main forest path and began to follow the stag deep into the forest. 
The deeper they went the less sun permeated the woods. The oak trees were older, taller, had thicker trunks, and were growing closer together. A thick, bright green moss covered the entire forest floor. Strange looking mushrooms could be seen growing on rotting tree trunks. 
A thick mist began to form all around him, so that Garth could no longer see the dirt path he was on. The air temperature dropped several degrees, and he could see his own breath coming out in white puffs in front of his face. Garth kept his eyes on the stag in front of him, making sure not to lose sight of it. 
A few minutes later, he exited the tree line into a grassy clearing. On the other side of the clearing was a small, lone, stone cottage with a thatched roof. A thin trail of smoke could be seen rising up from a stone chimney. This mysterious dwelling was literally out in the middle of nowhere, and Garth wondered what kind of person would choose to live there.
Garth approached the house and noted that it had a pretty impressive herb garden in front of it. The stag’s eyes stopped glowing blue and it began to graze at the herb garden as if nothing out of the ordinary was amiss. Garth deduced that perhaps a ‘healer’ lived there, and then wondered why that seemed plausible when he had no memory of ever having encountered a healer before. 
Garth dismounted from Goliath and tethered the horse to a nearby rickety, wooden fence. He decided to see who lived in this enigmatic cottage. Curiosity killed the cat, the humans said. Garth was a curious lad though, and didn’t care about the saying’s warning. He approached the front door and knocked loudly. 
“Do come in.” A deep female voice called back from within.
Garth pictured an old crone in his mind with warts all over her face, scraggly gray hair, and a hooked nose. She’d probably be dressed all in black and maybe with a pointed hat on her head. “Pardon the intrusion.” Garth called out as he let himself inside and closed the door behind him. 
Garth looked around the interior of the cottage with interest. It was illuminated by hundreds of lit candles that had been placed on any surface that was available: on small wooden tables, stools, and on a dresser. Dried, sweet-smelling herbs hung from the ceiling in small tied bundles. The scent of sandalwood incense was drifting through the air of the cottage.  
A woman with long black hair with scattered braids, who was dressed in a black medieval dress with belled sleeves, stood with her back to Garth as she stirred the suspicious bubbling contents of a large black cauldron. She was humming a little Scottish tune to herself. “I’ve been expecting you, Garth MacWulver.” The woman turned around to reveal that she was no old crone, but a lovely young woman with moon-white skin. 
Her eyes were unsettling, however, and bi-colored. The woman’s right eye was a dark blue and her left eye was a ruby red. Garth noticed that there was a small blue crescent moon tattoo in the middle of her forehead, which meant she was probably a Druid Priestess and worshipper of the Goddess. 
There was a strange, hungry gleam in her eyes that made the hair on the back of Garth’s neck stand on end. He swallowed thickly. “How do you know my name, lass?” 
A wicked smile curled her blood-red lips. “I’m a witch. I saw you in my scrying mirror. I’ve been waiting for you to arrive.” The witch sashayed over to Garth until she stood directly in front of him. 
Garth took a wary step back and knocked into the kitchen table that was behind him. “A witch? And what do you want with me?” 
The witch took a step closer to Garth and placed her hand over his muscular chest. She began to draw playful, teasing circles on his bare chest. “I need your help.” 
Garth arched an eyebrow at this strange woman. “And what makes you think I’d help you, witch?” 
“Because…” The witch placed a hand directly over Garth’s heart. “You are a kind-hearted man, Garth. You wouldn’t leave a damsel in distress.” 
“You don’t look like you’re in distress to me.” 
“Oh, but I am. I am a pitiful existence. I am half-Druid, half-vampire. My father was a Druid, who hunted vampires, and my mother was a vampire. They fell in love. Even though their love was forbidden. Both of them were rejected by their people, and hunted down and killed soon after I was born. I, of course, wasn’t accepted by either the Druids or the vampires. I am neither all-Druid, nor all-vampire. I am stuck somewhere between both worlds. Both groups try to kill me relentlessly. And I’m left with this awful thirst. This hunger…” Her red eye glowed, and she panted as she eyed Garth’s jugular. 
Garth brow furrowed in confusion. “Hunger?” He’d seen the witch’s vegetable garden outside and highly doubted that she was starving to death. 
The witch raised her hand and stroked Garth’s neck with her index finger, sliding her finger over his carotid. “I thirst…to drink your blood.” 
“My blood.” Garth repeated, incredulous. 
“Yes. Just a little taste. It won’t kill you. After all you’re immortal. So what do you say, will you help me?” The witch gave Garth a hopeful look.
“What’s in it for me if I do?” Garth asked as he crossed his arms over his chest and raised his eyebrows at her. 
The witch smiled seductively, and slipped her black dress off her shoulders so that it pooled at her feet, revealing her fully naked body to Garth. 
Garth sucked in a breath at the sight of her beautiful, flawless, naked body. He felt himself get turned on at the sight of her. 
The witch’s bi-colored eyes sparkled with knowing. “Like what you see, Highlander Hellcat? Then, take me. And in return allow me to drink from you.” 
Garth took a step forward, reached out to her, but then stopped himself. He shook his head, a frown on his face. “I will not take advantage of you, lass.” 
A flash of surprise crossed the witch’s face. “It’s not taking advantage if I want it. And I want you, Highlander.” The witch pressed herself up against Garth’s body and rubbed herself wantonly against him. 
Garth groaned at the sensation. Bloody hell. He could feel the reins on his self-control beginning to snap. He looked down at the witch, and she looked up at him. He lowered his head and captured her lips with his own, finally giving into temptation. 
The witch eagerly kissed Garth back and deepened their kiss, thrusting her tongue into his hot mouth. While Garth was distracted with kissing her she quickly undid Garth’s leather belt and tossed it aside. She began to impatiently tug his tartan kilt off next. Soon the length of plaid material was joining the belt on the floor. 
The witch reached down and pleasured Garth with her hand. Garth groaned against her lips at the feeling of her delicate hand around him, and wondered when he’d suddenly become naked. It was like the witch had cast a spell on him, and maybe she had. 
The smell of incense within the cottage had grown stronger and smoke seemed to fill the air, making Garth wonder if all of this was just a dream. 
The witch was highly skilled and her ministrations were Garth’s undoing. With a feral growl he spun the witch around so that she was pressed up against the kitchen table. Garth put his large hands on her hips and lifted her up onto the table. He spread her legs and stared at her. 
She looked delicious. Good enough to eat. “Take me, Garth. Now.” The witch beckoned on a throaty moan. 
“Not yet, lass.” Garth sunk to his knees before the witch and put his head between her legs. 
“W-What are you doing?” She gasped in surprise. 
“Kissing.” Garth rumbled before he kissed her. 
“Oh!” She shuddered at the sensation. 
Garth began to devour her with his mouth. “Oh Goddess!” The witch cried as she raked her nails into Garth’s scalp, pressing him even closer against her. Her blood felt like it was setting on fire and began to pulse fiercely through her veins. 
Garth pleasured her with his mouth until she shattered against him, her body trembling. Garth stood and saw that the witch now had a slightly dazed, sated look on her face. Her pale cheeks were flushed. “Now you’re ready for me, witch.” Garth stated firmly as he spread her legs and joined their bodies. 
“Ah!” The witch cried out as Garth became one with her. She raked her nails up and down his back as he began to move in a steady rhythm. Her nails drew blood and the scent of his blood threw her into a lustful frenzy. “Yes, oh yes, more. I must have more!” She writhed against him eagerly. 
“Aye.” Garth heartily agreed as he began to increase his pace.  
The witch lowered her head to the crook of Garth’s neck and sunk her fangs into his flesh there. Garth moaned as the witch began to drink his blood. He felt himself get even more turned on. He couldn’t stop the wave of pleasure that crashed into him and let out a loud masculine grunt. 
The witch cried out as Garth reached his peak. 
It was time to end his life. 
The witch raised her left arm and turned it to reveal the blue Celtic tattoo design of a dagger with a curved blade on her forearm. She reached her right hand towards the dagger, about to cause it to materialize with her magical power. But when Garth abruptly hugged her tightly she began to have second thoughts of ending his life. 
“That was amazing, lass.” Garth complimented, his voice low and husky. “You’re amazing.” 
Amazing am I? The witch smiled smugly and dropped her hand. Perhaps, she would spare this shifter’s life. For now, anyways. She lamented the fact that he hadn’t taken her during her fertile time. A son by a shifter like him would have been quite the asset. She pouted, perhaps she could convince this Highland shifter to bed her again sometime soon. He’d performed rather well, after all. The witch reached her peak for a second time, and held onto Garth as her body trembled against his. 
As soon as Garth came down from his high, he instantly regretted what he’d done. Why had he given into his lust so easily? He wondered. Bloody hell. This wasn’t like him. He didn’t use women like this. Or at least, he liked to hope that he didn’t. He didn’t remember his past after all. 
“Garth! Hey, Garth! Where are you?” A familiar male voice demanded from outside the cottage. It was Lachlan. 
“Ah, your handsome friend is here. Pity.” The witch pouted, but then her lips curled into a mischievous smile. “Unless…you’d like him to join us for round two?” There was a hopeful look in her bi-colored eyes. 
Garth flushed at the lewd suggestion, and pulled away from the witch. “Och, sorry, but…I’ll have to pass on that. I gotta go.” He grabbed his plaid from the floor and quickly wrapped it around his waist. He secured the plaid with his leather belt. Garth strode towards the door, but stopped as he reached for the doorknob. He glanced over his shoulder at the sexy witch. “What’s your name, bonny witch?”
She smiled sensually. “It’s Iona.” 
“Take care of yourself, Iona.” 
“Oh, I will. I always do. Don’t forget to take the stag with you.” 
“The stag?” 
“Oh yes, he’s already dead. I killed him for you.” 
Garth shuddered, wondering how she’d managed to do that exactly since he’d been with her the entire time. “Ah, thank you.” Garth exited the cottage and spotted the dead stag by the herb garden. How…? He picked up the stag, draped it over his shoulders, and approached Lachlan, who was next to Goliath while still seated on his horse Duff. 
“Ah, Garth, there you are. And I see you’ve managed to get us dinner. Well done.” Lachlan nodded towards the stag. He gave the cottage a curious look. “Who lives in there?” 
“An old crone. A healer.” Garth lied and had to rub his hand over his mouth to hide his smile. 
“That so?” Lachlan’s gaze stayed on the cottage a moment longer. “I’ve heard tales about this part of the woods. That a bloodsucking monster lives here.” He shrugged. “Never mind.” 
“Hey, lads!” A familiar female voice called out, and both men turned to see Leslie riding towards them. “There you are! I’ve been looking everywhere for you two. Look what I caught, rabbits!” Leslie held up five rabbits. 
“Wait, does that mean I’m the only one who didn’t catch anything?” Lachlan asked his companions, who smiled at him smugly. “Darn it.” He rubbed a hand down his face. 
“Looks like it.” Leslie laughed at Lachlan’s plight. “Guess you’ll be the one cleaning these here animals for dinner tonight.” 
“Bloody hell.” Lachlan swore.  
After securing the stag to the back of his saddle Garth mounted Goliath. 
“Come on, lads. It’s getting late. Let’s go back home.” Leslie said amiably before taking off into the forest at a spirited trot. 
Garth cast one last pensive look at the cottage and the mysterious witch Iona before he followed his friends Leslie and Lachlan out of the dark forest and headed back to Castle MacWulver. Back to his new home. 
To be continued in…Candy 5: Zoo Lollipop




Chapter 5: Zoo Lollipop

The following day, Sasha Robinovitch stood in front of the candy shop Helltastic Confectionary while peering inside the dark shop and trying to determine if Garth was inside or not. It was nine o’clock in the morning and most of the other businesses nearby had already opened for the day. 
Sasha looked down and noticed blood splatter on the front steps. She squinted into the darkness of the shop and saw a figure lying on the floor motionless. Garth! Sasha tried the door, but it was locked. She whipped out a scalpel and used it to force the door open. Then she entered and flipped on a light switch, illuminating the shop. 
The figure was definitely Garth, lying on the floor in a pool of his own blood. “Garth!” Sasha rushed to his side and rolled him over to check him for injuries. His upper arm had been sliced to the bone, but Sasha could see that it was rapidly healing. So he’s an immortal…like Gabriel. He’ll heal eventually but he can still feel pain. Also Gabriel told me that immortals can still be killed if they’re decapitated or their spine is broken or they’re completely dismembered. 
There was a bright red slash of blood across Garth’s lower stomach. So much blood. 
Sasha lifted up his shirt to check the injury and gasped in horror. Someone had cut Garth’s stomach open and the wound was incredibly deep. It was still healing. 
Sasha stood up and made her way to the bathroom so that she could fetch the first-aid kit and some other medical supplies. She greeted Dusty and her kittens, and made sure the cats had food and water before returning to Garth’s side. 
First, the veterinarian got out a pair of scissors and began to cut Garth’s ruined shirt off his body. As she began to pull the bloody strips of cloth away from his body Garth’s muscular chest was revealed to Sasha, and she noted that his entire torso was covered in scars. Vicious scars. 
Sasha frowned and traced his scars with her fingers gently. Some of those scars must have been very painful. “You’ve had a tough life, haven’t you, Garth?” 
The veterinarian started to clean and disinfect Garth’s wounds. Once she was done washing all the blood off his chest and arms, she got out a needle and thread, and began to sew his stomach up. She did this as quickly and gently as possible in case Garth woke up during the procedure. Lastly, she stitched his arm wound closed. “Whew!” Sasha wiped the sweat from her forehead with the back of her hand. 
She looked down at Garth’s jeans and noted that the crotch was soaked in blood. She frowned at the sight, wondering if the blood was from the stomach wound. But, what if it wasn’t? She reached her hands out towards his pants, but then hesitated. Why was she hesitating? She was a doctor, er, veterinarian! And Garth wasn’t even human anyways. 
Sasha pulled off Garth’s sneakers and socks, and then undid the top button of Garth’s jeans. She swallowed nervously before sliding the zipper of his jeans down and pulling his pants off. It wasn’t easy, and she ended up flying backwards when she’d finally gotten his pants off. “Oof!” She landed on her butt on the floor. 
Sasha returned to Garth’s side and looked down at his bloody boxers. They had to go next. She gripped the waistband of Garth’s boxers, took a deep breath, and pulled his boxers down swiftly before she lost her nerve. 
Sasha stared at Garth’s crotch for a moment. She had to examine him to make sure he was intact and didn’t have any injuries since his crotch was covered in blood. 
Sasha reached out, and professionally ran her hand over his crotch while checking it for injuries. 
Garth groaned in his sleep and bucked his hips. 
The veterinarian blushed at his erotic actions, but continued her examination. He appeared to be in one piece. She let out a sigh of relief. 
Sasha was so into her examination that she’d failed to notice that her touches were making Garth aroused. By the time Sasha let go of him Garth was extremely turned on. 
The veterinarian shook her head, slapped her hands to the sides of her face, and pulled herself together. She flipped Garth over so that she could examine Garth’s behind for any injuries next. Sasha ran her hands over his flesh, but didn’t find any injuries or cuts. 
Sasha flipped Garth back over onto his back. He was even more aroused than before. She went to fetch a towel and a bowl of hot water. When Sasha returned she wiped the blood off of Garth’s crotch and thighs. 
As she rubbed the towel over his inner thigh Sasha watched as Garth became fully aroused. 
Sasha moved the towel over his crotch dazedly. Then she caught herself in what she was doing. She was practically sexually harassing her patient! A feeling of guilt welled up inside of Sasha and she was confused by her own actions. She’d never had this much interest in a male’s body before. Especially, a real male. But for some reason Garth’s body utterly fascinated her and she wasn’t afraid of it. 
Tingling warmth gathered in the pit of her stomach and heat gathered between her legs. She wondered dazedly to herself if that meant that she wanted to mate with Garth. But then shook her head. No, her body was just having a physiological reaction.
Sasha set the towel aside and grabbed a roll of bandages. She set to work wrapping the bandages around his stomach wound and then around his arm wound. 
The veterinarian looked down and saw that Garth was still very aroused. Oh crap! Sasha thought. What if Garth woke up now? He’d look down and see his crotch, and wonder what kinds of perverted things Sasha had been doing to him. He’d think she was some kind of crazy pervert! How could she hide what she’d done? 
Sasha looked at the roll of bandages in her hand. Light bulb. 
She began to wrap bandages around his crotch. Sasha had just finished her tortoise shell bondage, er, medical treatment, when Garth began to wake up. 
 ***
Garth awoke with a throaty groan and blinked his eyes open. The dream he’d been having of the past was still fresh in his mind. Images of him having sex with the sexy witch Iona flashed in his mind and his crotch felt tight, abnormally tight. What the?
Garth sat up abruptly and almost slammed his forehead into Sasha’s! 
“Eek!” Sasha fell backwards onto the floor with her legs spread. 
Garth had a nice view of her panties. “Polka dots this time.”
Sasha blushed furiously, quickly sat up, and pulled her lab coatdress down. 
Garth scratched the back of his neck in a sheepish gesture. “Accident.” 
“I know.” 
Garth realized he was naked. What the hell? Well, not completely naked, bandages had been wrapped around his crotch for some reason. Bandages had also been wrapped around his stomach and arm wounds. But still…why his crotch? “What? Why?” He gave Sasha a befuddled look. 
Sasha nervously waved her hands before her as she tried to explain. “Ah, er, you…were injured. I found you bleeding to death on the floor, and so I performed emergency medical treatment.”
Garth nodded at her explanation, but then gave Sasha a scrutinizing look. “I understand why my stomach and arm are bandaged…but why did you tie up my crotch, lass?” He arched an eyebrow at her. 
Sasha flushed, and tried to come up with a good excuse. “It…it was doing strange things!” She blurted. 
Strange things? That’s when Garth realized he’d been having an erotic dream about the witch Iona. He must have become aroused in his sleep and freaked out Sasha who’d been in the middle of performing medical treatment on him. Whoops. “Och, sorry, lassie, my bad. I was having a perverted dream.” 
“You…ah…right.” Sasha readily agreed. Safe! “It’s totally your fault. It’s not like I was touching you in your sleep. I mean, who would do something like that?” She laughed nervously. 
Garth tilted his head at her. What a strange female. “Right.” He stood up. “I’m going to go put some clothes on.” He tried to take a step forward but the way Sasha had tied the bandages around his crotch caused him to trip and fall forward. 
“Oh!” Sasha moved forward to try and stop him from falling. She put both her hands on his chest and pushed. She soon realized that trying to stop a two hundred plus pound man from falling over was impossible. “Eek!” 
Garth and Sasha fell to the floor, and Garth made sure to place his hand on the back of Sasha’s head so that it wouldn’t hit the floor. “You alright, lass?” 
Sasha blinked up at Garth, who was now lying on top of her. She felt her cheeks heat up. “Yes.” She could feel something hard pressing against her hip. 
“Uh…this was an accident too. I swear.” Garth started with a concerned expression on his face. Crap. This poor lassie is going to think I want to take advantage of her!
Sasha smiled up at Garth and started to laugh. “I know.” 
Garth grinned down at her, relieved she hadn’t misunderstood him, and started to laugh too. Man, he hadn’t laughed like this in such a long time. They laughed like that for several minutes before they finally stopped and began to catch their breath. “I’ll get off you now, lass.” 
The shifter tried to move off of Sasha, but it was hard because his legs were tied together. He ended up bucking his crotch against Sasha’s and she let out a startled gasp. 
“Maybe if you roll off of me.” Sasha suggested. 
“Oh, good idea.” Garth rolled sideways, but since he still had his hands on Sasha’s hips he ended up taking Sasha with him so that she ended up on top of him, straddling his waist.  
Sasha’s eyes bulged at the suggestive and erotic position they were suddenly in. “Oh my God.”
“Now, you can get off of me.” Garth said as he forced his hands to let go of the female on top of him. 
“R-Right.” Sasha was about to get off of Garth, when-
The bell above the front door jingled and two girls stepped inside. Customers. They spotted the half-naked Garth on the floor with Sasha on top of him and had a very strange reaction in Garth’s opinion. 
“Oh…we’re so sorry!” One of the girls turned bright red. 
“We’ll come back later! We didn’t mean to interrupt you. Sorry!” The other girl said as she waved her hands frantically before her. The two girls turned around and fled from the shop. 
Garth’s brow furrowed in confusion. “They didn’t scream.” 
“Scream?” 
“Because of my scary appearance. I usually scare all my would-be customers away.” Garth explained with a sour expression on his face. 
“I guess with me on top of you like this you look less scary.” Sasha said in a pensive tone as if she were talking about the weather. 
“Yeah, but I can’t have you on top of me all the time.” Garth said teasingly. “I wish there was a way to make myself look less scary though.” 
I can’t have you on top of me all the time. Eee! Sasha stared down at Garth thoughtfully. “I don’t think you’re scary. You remind me of a big cat for some reason.” She smiled her spacey smile at him. 
Garth barked out a laugh. “Well, you’re my first and only human customer so far. I guess that makes you pretty special. Uh…are you going to get off of me? Or is my lap too comfy, lass? You can go ahead and take a nap if you want.” Garth offered as he put his hands behind his head in a sexy pose. There was an amused twinkle in his fierce golden eyes. 
You’re my first and only human customer. I guess that makes you pretty special. Eee! Sasha inwardly squealed. “Oh crap…I zoned out. Sorry!” Sasha quickly got off of Garth. 
Garth sat up and began to stand up again. The bandages around Garth’s waist ripped and fell to the floor.
“Eek!” Sasha covered her eyes with her hands at the unexpected sight. 
Garth flushed in embarrassment. “I swear, that was an accident too. My crotch doesn’t usually explode like that.” He joked and when Sasha didn’t laugh he felt incredibly stupid and awkward. “Well, I’m going to go change. Don’t run away screaming. I’ll be right back, lass.” 
“Okay.” Sasha found herself saying but still had her hands over her eyes. 
Garth began to head towards the back of the shop where the staircase that led to the second floor was located. On his way there, he passed the kitchen that was on the first floor and behind the main shop area. 
Sasha couldn’t stop herself from peeking through her fingers at Garth’s retreating form, and stared at his firm behind. Mmm. 
Garth took the stairs two at a time, and in no time was opening the door to his bedroom. He made his way over to his dresser and picked some random clothes to change into. It wasn’t until he was pulling on his sneakers that he realized he was hurrying. Did he really want to spend more time with Sasha so badly? He wondered. 
Did he like Sasha? Garth asked himself. Well, he liked her, but he didn’t think he liked her in a romantic way. She was his friend and first customer. She was a human female that wasn’t afraid of him. And that meant a lot to him. 
Sasha also seemed to really get him for some reason. Most human females misunderstood him right off the bat, but Sasha hadn’t judged him because of his scary appearance. She’d accepted him. 
Garth turned and noticed his expression on the mirror that was attached to his closet door. He had this dopey smile on his face. Garth quickly wiped the smile from his face, left his bedroom, and hurried back to the main store area. 
He spotted Sasha browsing around his shop. The sight of her long, messy pink hair always made his heart skip a beat. She reminds me of that pink-haired angel. Garth shook his head of such thoughts. There was no way Sasha was connected to the mysterious pink-haired girl from his past. That had been five centuries ago, and Sasha was a mortal human. “Hey.” 
Sasha spun around and smiled lopsidedly at Garth. “Hey.” 
Garth approached her, and rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. “So…when you came here this morning it was because you wanted some candy, right?” 
“Ah, yes.” 
“What would you like today?” 
Sasha looked around the shop and spotted a bucket filled with handmade lollipops shaped like animals. She made her way over to the bucket and pulled out an elephant shaped lollipop. “Did you make these lollipops?” 
“Aye.” 
She smiled thoughtfully as she admired them. “They’re really good. Like little pieces of art. I love animals.” Sasha was saying in a distracted tone as she selected several lollipops. “More than humans.” She said softly to herself. 
“What?” 
“Oh, nothing.” Sasha turned around and handed Garth her selection. “I’d like to purchase these, please.” 
“Of course.” Garth made his way behind the main display case, and walked over to the register. He rang up Sasha’s purchases. The zoo animal lollipops were a dollar and fifty cents each and Sasha had picked out twelve. He put the lollipops in a shopping bag and handed Sasha the bag over the counter. “Your total is eighteen dollars.” 
Sasha fished out her wallet and paid Garth. “Well…thank you. Uh, see you around.” She turned to go. 
“Hey, Sasha, wait, I-” Garth started awkwardly, and Sasha turned around to give Garth an inquisitive look. 
However, the door to the shop opened abruptly and a man strode inside with an authoritative air. The tall man looked like a model with his lithe physique, gleaming golden-blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes, and a smart pair of rectangular-shaped glasses on his face. He was wearing a long white lab coat, black pants, and dress shoes. The man had a pretty boy face that reminded Garth of Leonardo DiCaprio. 
“Sasha!” The man called out. 
Sasha spun around to face the man. “Charming? What are you doing here? How did you find me?” 
“GPS. I tracked your cell phone.” Charming explained as he stalked towards Sasha and grabbed her hand. “There’s an emergency. Come on, let’s go.” He began to pull her out the door. 
However, in the blink of an eye, Garth was standing next to Charming and had grabbed the man’s wrist to stop him from leaving the shop with Sasha. “Who the hell are you?” He squeezed the man’s wrist and was surprised when he didn’t even flinch. 
Charming turned around to look at Garth and raised an eyebrow at the man who looked like a thug or criminal. “I’m Sasha’s boyfriend. Charming. And you are…Sir?” 
“Boyfriend?” Garth was floored by this startling revelation. For some reason he’d never expected Crazy Sasha to have a boyfriend. He dropped the man’s wrist. 
“Charming, this is Garth. He’s the owner of this candy shop.” Sasha explained airily. 
“Ah, a shop owner.” Charming gave Garth a condescending look. 
“What’s the emergency, Charming?” Sasha asked. 
“Mrs. Higgins brought in her female Dalmatian who has gone into labor, but it appears to be a breach birth. I’m unsure of what to do.” Charming explained swiftly. 
“Oh no!” Sasha’s spacey expression turned concerned, and there was a sudden steely glint in her eyes. “Let’s go! Sorry, Garth! I’ll see you around!” She ran for the door with Charming following hot on her heels. 
Charming and Sasha rushed outside, and Garth followed behind the pair curiously. Garth watched as Charming literally jumped in behind the wheel of a red convertible. Sasha opened the passenger side door, and hopped into the seat. 
As soon as Sasha was inside the car and her seatbelt had been buckled, Charming pulled out of his parking spot and floored it as he sped off at high speed. 
Garth scratched his head. Sasha had a rich boyfriend? This was…unexpected. But what did he really know about Sasha anyways? Nothing. She had her own life to live. A veterinary clinic and pet shop to run, and a handsome, pretty boy boyfriend apparently. Why did this thought make Garth want to break something? He growled low in his throat. 
The shifter made his way back over to his usual spot behind the display case, and for the next few hours waited for customers to arrive. Customers that never came. He watched the clock on the wall finally read six o’clock. It was time to close the shop. 
Garth was just flipping the open closed sign to closed when his cell phone rang. Garth fished out his smart phone and saw that it was Dominic Wilde, the informant. He swiped his thumb across the screen and answered the call. “Hey, Dominic.” 
“Hey, sweetie, you’re in luck. That biker from last night knew about some strange, illegal betting thing going on tonight. And apparently they need volunteers.” Dominic revealed. 
A feral grin formed on Garth’s face. “Tell me more.” 
***
Garth arrived at an abandoned five-story brick townhouse, and parked his Ducati out front. The place looked deserted. He made his way to the front door and knocked. There was no response, but Garth knew this was the place that Dominic had told him about. 
Garth opened the front door and stepped into the foyer. Furniture littered the dusty wood floor and was covered with white sheets. Garth sensed movement on the nearby staircase to his right, and spun to face that direction. He spotted a human man lying down on the second floor landing with a sniper rifle in his hands. What the hell? 
A shot was fired that didn’t sound like a gunshot. Garth felt something prick the side of his neck. Crap. He grabbed the dart, pulled it out, and tossed it aside. Creep! Garth charged towards the stairs, but the room spun, and he sank to his knees as a wave of dizziness crashed into him. Bloody hell! Garth realized the thing that had hit him had been a tranquilizer dart. This whole thing had been a trap. 
“Target secure. I’m bringing him in.” The sniper said into his walkie-talkie. 
That was the last thing Garth remembered before darkness consumed him. When Garth next awoke it was to a loud male voice in his ear. “Wakey-wakey.” 
Garth’s eyes snapped open and widened as he took in the messed up, bizarre situation he was in. Garth was inside of a gigantic glass tank filled with freezing cold water. His wrists and ankles had been handcuffed with special handcuffs. A length of chain had been wrapped around the chain that ran between the handcuffs that were around Garth’s wrists, and then secured with a padlock. This meant that the padlock had to be opened before Garth could remove the handcuffs that were around his wrists. 
The same chain traveled down the length of Garth’s body, and was wrapped around the chain between the handcuffs on Garth’s ankles, and secured by a padlock. This padlock would also have to be unlocked before Garth would be able to remove the handcuffs that had his ankles secured together. Another length of chain had been completely wrapped around Garth’s body and secured by several padlocks, making it incredibly hard to move. 
I’m surrounded by water. Bloody hell. Water was a Hellcat’s weakness and because Garth was completely submerged by it, his supernatural strength was down by at least fifty percent. 
Garth also had an oxygen tank strapped to his back and was breathing oxygen through a breathing apparatus.
“Excellent. It looks like the two of you are finally awake. Allow me to explain the rules of this Death Game, gentlemen.” A male voice announced in a sly tone. Garth was able to hear the man’s voice due to the communication device that someone had placed in his ear. 
Garth sensed another presence close to him and turned to see that a human man was in the tank with him and in exactly the same messed up situation he was in. The human man was handcuffed and wrapped up in chains that were covered in padlocks. He was also wearing an oxygen tank so that he could breathe underwater. The man looked young and Garth guessed his age to be somewhere in his early twenties. 
Garth glared out the tank and spotted a man dressed in a black designer suit standing directly in front of the tank. He had a creepy white mask on his face. The man had shiny dress shoes on, and there was a Rolex sparkling on his wrist. This man was probably the jerk that had been talking to him through the communication device and was the Master of Ceremonies or emcee. Dang it. Wait till I get my hands around that rich creep’s neck. 
Standing behind the emcee was a crowd of very well-dressed people. The men were dressed in expensive, designer suits, and the women were wearing colorful, sparkling evening gowns. They all had white masks on their faces in order to conceal their identities in the event that the police found this place. 
The betters were chatting with each other in a carefree manner, and Garth saw some of them drinking expensive champagne. Ah, so that’s how it is. He was supposed to be the evening’s entertainment for these rich creeps. 
“Now, listen well, gentlemen. In a moment two rings of keys will be thrown into the tank with you along with two diving daggers. Both of you will race to unlock your chains so that one of you will be able to grab a dagger first which you will then use to try and kill your opponent. This is a fight to the death. Your tanks only have four minutes of oxygen left. Only after you’ve killed your opponent will a fresh tank of oxygen be thrown into the tank with you. The winner lives. The loser dies. Let’s begin the Death Match, shall we?” The emcee clapped his hands. 
Two men wearing gray suits and with white masks on their faces approached either side of the tank. They both threw a ring of keys and a dagger into the tank. 
“Gentlemen, you may now begin fighting for your lives!” The emcee spread his arms wide and laughed giddily. He spun around to face his avid audience. “Let’s begin the betting, shall we? Scarface versus Danny Dangerfield! Who do you think will win this Death Game?” 
I guess I’m Scarface. Garth glanced at his opponent. And that lad is supposed to be Danny Dangerfield? Where he’d come up with that cheesy name?  
The two rings of keys floated down to the bottom of the tank more slowly than the daggers. Garth and his opponent grabbed their key rings as soon as they were able, and started to try and find the right key to unlock the padlocks. 
Garth glared out at the people who’d started to bet on which one of them would survive. This was ridiculous. The emcee was standing there watching them. Garth looked around the room to see where the fresh oxygen tank was, and didn’t see one. Had the emcee lied to them? Would they both die in here? Screw that. Garth swore viciously in his mind.
Three minutes had passed and Garth had finally managed to unlock all of the padlocks at the same time his opponent Danny did. Danny quickly took the chains off his body, and both men went for the diving knives. Garth picked up the knife, but instead of attacking Danny with it he turned to face the emcee. His eyes flashed red with anger. Garth flipped the knife around in his hand, gripped the blade with his bare hand, and attacked the glass with the handle of the dagger. The emcee flinched at the loud banging sound Garth’s attack to the glass caused. 
Danny grabbed the other diving knife and turned to see what Scarface was doing. Scarface was trying to break the glass, but the glass was too thick. He’d never be able to break it in less than a minute. Danny had no choice but to kill his opponent. It was the only way he’d be getting out of that messed up situation alive. He attacked Garth from behind and plunged the dagger into Garth’s back. I’m sorry. Danny thought. 
Garth howled in pain, but didn’t stop hammering the handle of the knife against the glass of the tank. Cracks had finally begun to form in the glass. 
They only had thirty seconds of oxygen left. 
Danny removed the dagger, and when he saw that Garth was still relentlessly beating the glass repeatedly he forced himself to stab Garth again. 
They were almost out of oxygen now. Crap. Danny began to panic, shut his eyes, and started to stab Scarface repeatedly with his dagger. Just die already! 
Just break already! Garth thought as he hit the glass with all his strength. 
At that moment the glass shattered. 
Water rushed out of the broken tank and flooded the floor of the basement. On a wave of water Garth and Danny were pushed out of the tank and ended up sprawled on the basement floor. 
Garth removed the breathing apparatus and then took the tank off his back. He held the tank in his right hand. Danny quickly removed the breathing apparatus and began to take in huge gulping breaths of air. “I can’t believe it…I’m alive!”
Garth stood up, gas tank still in hand, and approached Danny Dangerfield - the man who’d stabbed him repeatedly. He had a score to settle with this one. 
Danny’s dyed blonde hair was plastered to the sides of his face. He looked up at Garth with a mixture of shock and wonder in his pale green eyes. “H-How are you still alive? I stabbed you. Those were kill shots…I think.” 
“Where is the Red Priest?” Garth demanded lowly. 
The young man began to sweat as he started to panic. He had no idea what this scary man was talking about. His brow furrowed in confusion. “Where is…who? I-I don’t know what you’re talking about. Please don’t kill me. You can have the prize money…” 
Garth let out a frustrated sigh. “Useless.” The young man looked terrified and about to piss in his pants. The shifter turned his attention towards the emcee, and began to stalk towards him with purposeful, menacing steps. There was a ferocious look in Garth’s glowing golden eyes. “There was no fresh tank, was there, Mr. Emcee?” 
“N-No.” The emcee admitted as he put his hands up in front of him in a surrendering gesture. “But it doesn’t matter. If it’s money you want…it’s money you’ll get! How much do you want?” 
“I don’t want your blood-soaked money, you creep!” Garth swung the empty tank at the emcee’s head. The man’s skull was smashed open gruesomely. 
Danny flinched at the macabre sight. 
The gathered crowd all cried out in fear and horror at what Garth had just done. 
Garth turned to glare at them. “This is what you wanted isn’t it? A Death Game show? You wanted to see blood and guts and brains. Well, now you have.” 
“He’s…he’s a monster!” A woman cried out in a scandalized tone. 
“You all are the real monsters here, toying with people’s lives for sport. You all are sinners. I used to punish sinners like you. And maybe I will again.” Garth lifted the bloody oxygen tank threateningly. “Want to play the Death Game?” He smiled at the humans, revealing his sharp canines. 
“Eee! He’s a demon!” “It’s…the devil!” “Run!” The crowd began to flee for their lives, and headed towards the staircase that led up to the first floor of the townhouse.  
Garth considered killing them all. They were a waste of the Earth’s oxygen after all. But then Sasha’s words echoed in his mind: ‘I don’t think you’re scary’. Would she still feel the same way if he were a mass murderer? Who was he to judge these humans? He was a sinner just like them. Garth sighed as he watched them go and lowered the tank. 
“A-Aren’t you going to kill them?” Danny asked in a quivering voice. 
Garth turned to give the man a pensive look. “Who am I to judge them? My hands…are also stained with blood.” A dark scowl formed on his face. 
“Aren’t you going to kill me? I tried to kill you.” Danny was shaking like a leaf at this point. 
Garth raised an eyebrow at the youth. “Do you want me to kill you?” 
Danny shook his head vigorously and put his hands up before him in a surrendering gesture. “Hell no.” 
Garth chuckled at the boy’s honesty. “Then…live another day, lad. Bloody hell. I’m all wet. I hate water.” He tossed the tank aside and began to walk away. 
“Uh…thank you!” Danny called out. 
Garth glanced over his shoulder, and shot the young man a surprised look. 
“You probably could have killed me and then gotten out on your own too. But you didn’t. I think you were trying to save me…right?” Danny tentatively ventured to ask. 
“Don’t get the wrong idea, lad. I’m no hero. I just needed you alive so I could ask you where I could find the Red Priest.” Garth explained. 
An apologetic look formed on Danny’s face. “I wish I knew because I would tell you.” He offered Garth a tremulous smile. 
A flash of surprise crossed Garth’s face. “Thanks, lad. I appreciate that.” 
Garth left the abandoned townhouse, and mounted his Ducati. His phone rang in his jeans pocket. Garth fished out his waterproof smart phone; amazed it was still working after everything he’d just gone through. He saw that his best friend Derek was calling him. He swiped his thumb over the screen and answered the call. He put the phone to his ear. “Hey Derek, what’s up?” 
“Hey Garth, are you coming over? It’s Men’s Poker Night at my place, remember? Or are you going to hit up another underground fight club?” Derek asked. 
“I just hit one up, just now, actually. And it was a bust. I’m soaking wet too.” Garth complained. 
“Do I even want to know?” There was a wry tone to Derek’s voice.  
“Probably not. It might give you nightmares. Anyways, I’m gonna head home, shower and change. Then I’ll head over to your place.” 
“Sounds good. See you soon.” 
“See you.” Garth ended the call. He put the key into the ignition and started his bike up. It purred between his legs, relaxing him. He drove back to his shop in record time, and it didn’t take him long to shower and change into some nice, dry clothes. After that he headed over to his friend Derek’s place. 
Derek lived in a four-story, modern, brick townhouse. A townhouse that was a lot less creepy than the one he’d just been to. The first floor was Derek’s business Voodoo Tattoo. Derek was a tattoo artist by day, and Druid Vampire Hunter by night. Derek hunted vampires using druidic magic, his magical battle tattoos, and happened to be a vampire himself. 
Garth pulled his Ducati up right in front of Voodoo Tattoo. He turned his bike’s engine off, dismounted from his bike, and headed towards the front door. He knocked three times and Derek’s fiancée Rebecca Thorn opened the door a minute later. She was a stunning redhead with sparkling lime-green eyes. 
Becca was wearing a trendy red and black flower-print dress and boots. She was almost three months pregnant and there was only a slight curve to her stomach. Becca’s arms were covered in blue Celtic animal tattoos. Like Derek she was also a Druid, and powerful vampire hunter in her own right. 
“Oh, hey, Garth! Long time no see.” Becca surprised Garth by giving him an affectionate hug. He remained stiff in her embrace and didn’t hug her back though. After all he didn’t want to hurt her. She was only human. Becca happened to be Derek’s Judge. Because of her even though Derek was a vampire he had a soul and a reflection. Derek was one lucky guy. 
“Hey, Becca. It’s good to see you too.” Garth said in his deep voice, and Becca finally let him go. He was able to breathe easier. 
“I’m glad you could make it. Come on in.” Becca ushered him inside. “The boys are up in the entertainment room playing poker.” 
Becca and Garth crossed the tattoo parlor, and Garth glanced over at the wall that was covered in pages with example tattoo designs, most of them Celtic animals with intricate knotwork. There was a tattoo chair and a padded bed where Derek’s clients could either sit or lie down to get their tattoos done. The décor of the shop was definitely Goth. Black velvet curtains covered all the windows, there was rock music playing, and there were candles lit in an antique bronze candelabra that was sitting on the desk where Derek’s laptop was. 
Becca began to lead the way to the stairs that led to the second floor. The entertainment room was on the third floor. Derek’s art studio was on the second floor. And Becca and Derek’s bedroom as well as the guest rooms were on the forth floor. “How’s the shop doing? Get any customers yet?” Becca asked casually, but with a slightly teasing note her to voice. 
Ouch. Garth followed Becca up the stairs. “As a matter of fact…I did.” 
Becca glanced over her shoulder, her lime-green eyes wide. “No way. Really? Wait till the others hear about this!” She ran the rest of the way up the stairs before Garth could stop her. 
Garth wondered worriedly if she should be moving around so fast in her condition and frowned. “Och, Becca, be careful on those stairs, lass.” He called after her.
Becca threw the door to the entertainment room open and burst inside. “Guys, you’re not going to believe this! Garth had a customer!” 
Garth flushed in embarrassment as he followed Becca into the entertainment room, and rubbed the back of his neck self-consciously. 
“Becca, what did I tell you about coming in here tonight? This is supposed to be a Men’s Poker Night. No women allowed.” Derek chided from his seat at the round wooden table where two other men were seated. 
Druid Vampire Hunter, Derek Dearg, had a bohemian look about him with his shoulder-length brown hair with scattered braids, tanned skin, and goatee. He had the muscular physique of a fighter, but wasn’t as brawny as Garth. His face was incredibly youthful since he’d been turned into a vampire when he was only eighteen, but his sharp blue eyes reflected his many life experiences and wisdom gained from those experiences. 
The Druid was wearing a sleeveless, black leather, hooded vest that showed off his blue Celtic animal tattoos. He was also wearing black leather pants and biker boots. 
The two males who were seated at the table were Garth’s other best friends: merman chef, Levi Devlin, and plant alien, Malakye Sterling. Levi owned his own seafood restaurant called Poseidon’s Trident, and also acted on the side with his actress fiancée and action heroine, Vivien Tempest. Vivien was Levi’s Judge. 
Malakye owned his own flower shop and worked as a florist. The name of his shop was Out Of This World Flowers. Some of those flowers were literally out of this world too. Malakye wasn’t a demon, so Garth was unsure about whether or not Malakye needed to find a human Judge to get redeemed. Malakye was such a kind-hearted male that Garth mused that perhaps Malakye was some lucky lady’s Judge. 
Although maybe it was Malakye’s race, the Lunarians that needed redemption. They were a violent, bloodthirsty warrior race and had almost conquered the entire universe at one point. But that was a story for another time.  
“Oops. I forgot. Sorry, honey.” Becca apologized in her sexy southern drawl. 
Levi looked up from his hand with an intent expression on his face. “Did you really manage to get a customer with that ugly mug of yours?” He teased. Levi also had a warrior’s physique, but looked like a punk with his short sky-blue hair and ear piercings. He was wearing his signature black leather jacket with spikes on it, leather pants, and combat boots. 
“Garth isn’t ugly - he’s scary looking.” Malakye was quick to defend or insult him. Garth wasn’t quite sure which. Malakye was the shortest of the group at six-three, and more lithely muscled. He had long, straight, black hair, and intelligent, emerald green eyes. His skin was painted white to hide his glowing silver skin. Malakye was dressed in black leather from head to toe like a Goth and even had black lipstick on. 
Even though Malakye looked like a badass Goth on the outside, he was really a nerd who liked to stay in his room, read superhero comics, and play video games all day. 
“Thanks, Mal. And yes, I had a paying customer.” Garth said with a proud note to his voice. “That wasn’t Nerezza.” He added. The shifter strolled over to take a seat at the table. “Deal me in on the next hand.” 
“Roger.” Malakye began to shuffle the deck artfully.
“Here, man.” Levi gave Garth a stack chips to bet with, and everyone tossed a chip into a bowl that was sitting in the middle of the table as they placed their ante. 
Malakye started to distribute the cards to his three friends. 
“She’s someone all of you know actually…Dr. Sasha Robinovitch.” Garth revealed and picked up the five cards he’d been dealt. He had a pair of Queens right off the bat. “I remembered you guys telling me about how she was the one who came up with the cure for the zombie virus and saved our city.” 
“You met Crazy Sasha?” Derek chuckled in an amused way. “And survived? I’m surprised she didn’t capture you and lock you up in one of her cages. You know she has a laboratory beneath her clinic. She lives down there and there are these monsters…she calls ‘pets’ there.” He used air quotes as he said the word ‘pets’. “She is one weird chick.” 
Garth clenched his hands into fists and ended up bending his cards. He growled low in his throat and his eyes flashed red. “Don’t talk about her like that. She’s my friend.” 
Garth’s friends exchanged surprised looks. 
A secret smile curled Levi’s lips. “Defending a human female, Garth? I thought this day would never come.” 
Becca pulled a chair up next to Garth, and took a seat. She propped her chin on her hand as she gave Garth a scrutinizing look. “What do you think of Sasha?” Her green eyes were sparkling with interest.
Garth’s brow furrowed in confusion when he noticed that gleam in Becca’s eyes. “It’s not like that. I don’t see her as a woman. I’m not attracted to her.” Garth suddenly remembered all the odd, kinky accidents that had occurred between him and Sasha. He coughed into his hand. “And even if I was…she has a boyfriend. Some pretty boy named Charming.” 
Becca’s expression fell, and she looked befuddled. “Sasha has a boyfriend now? She didn’t tell me anything about that. How odd.” She did tell me she was working on some kind of Perfect Boyfriend Project though. 
“I think it’s okay to take things slow and start out as friends first, anyways.” Malakye said as he replaced the card Garth had just discarded. 
A muscle ticked beneath Garth’s eye in irritation. “I told you it’s not like that, Mal.” He swiped up his new card. It was a Queen. Nice.  
“Uh huh. But she’s the first girl you haven’t scared off, right? You should try a little harder. Buy her some flowers or something. May I recommend coming over to my shop?” Malakye wagged his eyebrows playfully. 
Garth sighed and rubbed his temples in irritation. “You guys have a one track mind. You’re always talking about love and romance. Love, love, love. Is that all you people think about? I have no interest in love or romance. I don’t even understand it.” 
Becca clapped her hands together excitedly as if she’d just remembered something. “Speaking of true love. Derek and I plan to get married on Christmas. I figured getting married on the day of the birth of The Redeemer might bless our union and my child.”
Becca was pregnant with a child that was going to be half-human half-vampire. She was worried about how her child would turn out of course. And Garth didn’t really know what to say, and so remained silent. The only half-vampire half-human he’d ever met had been the witch Iona. And she’d seemed to have a screw loose. He’d never told his friends about Iona either. 
“Also, I’ve already purchased my wedding dress. It was on sale. I got a really good deal on it. Anyways,” Becca waved her hand through the air, “I want to make sure I’ll still be able to squeeze my butt into it, so I can’t wait any longer. There’s going to be a nice Christmassy reception at the Palace Hotel afterwards. You should go with Sasha, Garth. I’ll even hang some mistletoe for you guys.”
“Like I keep saying, it’s not like that.” Garth huffed and put his hand down on the table. “Three of a kind.” 
Levi put down his cards and swore. “You beat my pair.” 
“I had nothing.” Derek shrugged as he tossed his useless cards down on the table.  
“Looks like I win.” Garth grabbed the bowl and poured the chips he’d won on the table in front of him. 
Becca was lost in her own little world as she thought about her upcoming wedding. She tapped her index finger to her bottom lips. “I’ll have to make sure Sasha catches the bouquet.”
“The poor bouquet.” Malakye lamented. “Destined to be thrown into the air and torn apart by several desperate human females.” He shuddered as he envisioned this in his mind. He was having sympathy pains for that poor bouquet of flowers. 
Garth couldn’t help it - he laughed. The thought of clumsy Sasha trying to catch the bouquet was quite amusing. She’d cause so much trouble. “Invite her at your own risk.” 
Becca beamed. “Oh, I will.” And I’ll make sure to doll Sasha up so Garth will finally be attracted to her. And I need to find out who the hell this Charming guy is. 
To be continued in…Candy 6: Butterfinger




Chapter 6: Butterfinger

“Mmm…yes…right there, Charming.” Sasha moaned. 
Charming smiled wolfishly. “Right here?” He questioned in a husky voice as he skillfully pleasured Sasha with his fingers. 
“Yes.” She panted. 
The mad scientist was currently seated on Charming’s lap with her back against his chest, and her head resting against his collarbone. Charming had his hand down her panties and was pleasuring her. 
After what had happened between her and Garth that morning her body had been feeling strangely hot and restless all day. And now her ‘perfect boyfriend’ was helping her to release the sexual tension that was coiled tightly within her. 
“What vibration setting would you like, Sasha? One? Two? Three?” Charming asked in his deep, sexy voice. 
“T-Two.” Sasha replied in a gaspy tone. 
“Understood.” Charming’s finger began to vibrate against her sensitive flesh. Yes, vibrate. Charming wasn’t human - he was a robot that Sasha had created herself. She’d developed a sophisticated AI based on what she felt the ‘perfect boyfriend’ should be like. Charming was princely, gentlemanly, kind, a good cook, a good housekeeper, brave, a protector, and could give her sexual pleasure too. 
Beneath Charming’s artificial skin that looked real he had a titanium endoskeleton and an electronic brain chip. He had no organic parts. And when he was injured he did not bleed. Sasha had invented the substance that looked and felt like real skin to cover his metal body herself. Eventually, she wanted to try and turn Charming into a bio android, but Sasha still had a lot to learn before she could create an android that was that complex. 
She’d downloaded over one hundred thousand romance novels to Charming’s brain chip. Sasha had considered giving Charming certain parts that would have acted like a dildo, but…Sasha was afraid of sex. The idea of penetration freaked her out. 
Sasha understood that most normal women her age were easily attracted to men and craved sex. But Sasha just wasn’t like that. She wasn’t attracted to real men easily and the idea of having sex with them freaked her out. 
She’d tried having a boyfriend a couple of years ago, but after only one date he’d tried to aggressively pressure her into having sex. Sasha had ended up hitting him over the head with a lamp that had been sitting on the night table next to the bed they were on, and fleeing the man’s apartment. 
Sasha wondered if her fear of sex might have something to do with her lost memories. Perhaps something bad had happened to her in the past that made her fear human men. Sometimes she wanted to know what had happened, and other times she feared knowing the truth. 
She’d given up on the idea of finding a man who would be patient enough to wait for her until she was comfortable with the idea of having sex, and had started to read romance novels. She’d let herself become fully immersed in a fantasy world filled with hot fantasy boyfriends.
It was her ‘book boyfriends’ that had given Sasha the idea to create Charming. The Perfect Boyfriend. A man who could never hurt her and who would treat her perfectly. After she’d brought Charming to life with his AI, she’d allowed herself to fall in love with him even though he wasn’t a real person. 
On some level she knew she was just living in a fantasy world and running away from the real world, but in the end she didn’t care. She was happy this way. And that’s all the really mattered in the end. 
But Garth stirred something inside of her. Feelings she thought she’d never feel for a male that was a real flesh and blood being. She wondered what these unfamiliar emotions were. 
Lately, she’d gotten used to Charming slipping a finger inside of her while he pleasured her once in a while. She was getting better at the whole being penetrated thing. 
“I’m going to put it in.” Charming breathed in her ear. 
Sasha tensed in Charming’s arms. “Do it.” 
Charming kissed Sasha’s ear. “You need to relax, love.” 
Sasha took a deep breath and let it out slowly. She forced her body to relax. She could feel Charming finally begin to slip his finger inside. Sasha’s body tensed and she had to force herself to relax again. 
“Good girl.” Charming purred in her ear as he began to move his finger in and out of her, and then it began to vibrate. 
“Oh my.” Sasha’s eyes rolled into the back of her head in pleasure. Butterflies began to flutter in her stomach as warmth pooled in her lower abdomen. Heat gathered between her thighs and a sexual tension began to coil inside of her. She was close…so close. She bucked against Charming’s hand. “Mmm…more.” 
Charming used his thumb to pleasure her at the same time he moved his finger inside of her. 
“Oh!” Sasha cried out as she reached her peak against Charming’s hand and trembled in his arms. 
Charming continued to pleasure her until she stopped trembling. 
Sasha’s cheeks were flushed pink. “That was amazing, Charming. You really are the perfect boyfriend.” 
A dazzling smile formed on Charming’s face. “Well, you deserved a reward for saving all those puppies’ lives.” 
Sasha made a noise of agreement. “Mmm. I’m glad they survived. Dalmatian puppies are so cute. I had to resist hugging and squeezing them all.” Charming and Sasha were currently inside of the examination room at Sasha’s clinic. 
“Sasha, about that man, Garth-” Charming was saying, when-
“Intruder alert. Intruder alert. Intruder alert.” A loud booming synthesized voice echoed throughout the clinic. 
Sasha’s blood ran cold. An intruder? Had the ‘unknown’ enemy Sasha was afraid of finally found her? 
Sasha couldn’t remember her life past four years ago when her father Dr. Lazar Robinovitch had rescued her from ‘somewhere’. Her father had told Sasha a lot about the missing twenty-one years of her life. But at the same time he’d left a lot out. Anytime, Sasha had questioned her father about where he’d rescued her from all he’d respond was with: ‘I’m so sorry, Sasha’. 
Dr. Lazar Robinovitch had set up the veterinary clinic and pet shop for his daughter. And she’d been running it since her ‘rescue’. Her father had warned Sasha that ‘they’ might come after her, to try and get her back. She was an important ‘asset’. He’d said. Whatever that meant. 
Sasha could sometimes remember a little of what her faceless enemy looked like. She’d picture men dressed in black with priest collars, and medieval swords strapped to their sides. But priests couldn’t be evil. Right? Sasha wondered in confusion. 
You’re only paranoid if they’re not out to get you. Sasha thought to herself as she leapt off of Charming’s lap. She was confident her robot boyfriend would be able to protect her. After all she’d downloaded several forms of martial arts into his electronic brain. 
Sasha heard the sound of someone in the next room, and then a cloaked and hooded figure strolled into the examination room. The hood of the figure’s cloak was lowered but Sasha could see that he was wearing a black dragon mask. A strange looking necklace dangled from around his neck. It was a Celtic Triquetra knot made of an orange-red Jasper stone. 
He’s definitely not a priest. Sasha squared her shoulders, straightened her back, and looked at the man. “Who the hell are you? And what do you want?” Charming moved to stand directly next to Sasha. 
“I am from the Black Dragon Clan. My Clan Chief has requested your presence.” The mysterious man said in a low, throaty voice that was similar to Garth’s Scottish brogue. 
Black Dragon Clan? Sasha frowned. She’d never heard of that clan before. “And if I refuse to go with you?” 
“Then…I’ll be taking you to him by force, lassie.” The man said in an excited tone. He sniffed the air and could smell Sasha’s arousal. He licked his lips beneath the mask. “Mmm, I can smell your arousal from here. Perhaps we could have a little fun, you and I, before I take you back to my Clan Chief.” 
Sasha shuddered in fear, and Charming moved to stand protectively in front of her. “Charming.” Sasha spoke up. 
“Yes, my love?” Charming asked. 
“Kick his butt.” Sasha ordered. 
“Understood.” Charming nodded right before he attacked. He knew karate, tae kwon do, jujutsu and aikido techniques. 
Charming threw a punch at the intruder, who easily dodged the attack. Charming executed a swift roundhouse kick to the man’s head next. Charming’s foot connected with the side of the man’s mask with a loud thwack. Charming smiled triumphantly. The man should be knocked out cold from the blow. 
“Is that the best you’ve got?” The man rumbled as he grabbed Charming’s ankle, lifted Charming up off the floor and threw him across the examination room. Charming hit a wooden cabinet, which shattered upon impact. Medical supplies spilled across the floor.
“Charming!” Sasha cried out in concern. She wondered how the man had picked Charming up so easily. Charming weighed four hundred and fifty pounds. Robots were heavy. 
Charming quickly sprang to his feet. “I’m alright, Sasha. Don’t worry about me.” The robot charged the intruder again. They exchanged kicks and punches, and Charming was impressed the man could handle his powerful attacks. Charming’s blows would have broken most normal humans’ bones when he got serious. And he was serious right now. Sasha’s life was in danger. Charming sent a hard punch to the man’s gut and it was like hitting a wall. Impossible. This does not compute. Charming thought. 
“I tire of this.” The intruder drawled as he stretched his arms out at his sides. Sasha watched in horror as the man’s arms began to increase in size and transform. They became covered in red scales and the man’s nails turned into sharp black claws. 
“He’s…a nonhuman.” Sasha realized with a feeling of hope welling up inside of her. Then…! Chance! Sasha reached her mind out towards the man, intending to control his mind, but…something was blocking Sasha from getting inside of his head. What the hell? This had never happened before. 
The stone pendant that was around the man’s neck began to glow and pulse with a red light. 
Could it be…that pendant? Sasha wondered. 
The intruder attacked Charming. Charming threw another punch but the man grabbed Charming’s arm and body, and then ripped the robot’s arm off. The man threw Charming’s arm aside, and looked at the sparking wires that now protruded out of the robot’s shoulder. 
“You’re a robot?” The surprise was evident in the man’s tone. “I didn’t think they existed. It’s a pity I’m going to have to tear you to pieces.” The intruder lamented. 
“No! Don’t! Charming!” Sasha cried out. 
“Run, Sasha! Get to the lab! Your pets will protect you!” Charming directed without taking his eyes off the intruder. 
“Charming…dang it!” Sasha ran for the concealed elevator that was in the examination room. She ran over to the bookcase next to a cabinet and pulled on the book spine of The Island of Doctor Moreau. The cabinet slid aside to reveal an elevator. 
Sasha quickly stepped inside the elevator, and pressed the button to take her to the basement level. The elevator began to descend and Sasha watched as the intruder began to pull Charmin’s head off his torso. She cringed. 
Tears filled Sasha’s eyes, and she started to hyperventilate. Charming…her boyfriend…had just been killed. No! Charming was a robot. He wasn’t really dead. Sasha reminded herself firmly. Now was not the time to be absorbed in fantasy and delusion. As long as Charming’s AI brain chip survived Sasha could always fix him and bring him back to life. 
Sasha wiped the tears from her eyes stubbornly. She couldn’t fall apart now. She could fall apart later. The elevator door opened and Sasha rushed out into her underground laboratory. 
The lab resembled a mad scientist’s. There were several long worktables piled with test tubes, test tube holders, vials, beakers and a complex chemistry set. The test tubes and beakers were filled with a myriad of different substances. Some of those substances were ominously bubbling or frothing suspiciously, and they were all different colors. 
Tesla coils of all shapes and sizes decorated the lab shedding their odd, flickering purple-blue light on the walls of the lab. Upon entering the lab on Sasha’s right side pushed up against the wall was an enormous super computer with multiple monitors. A comfortable black leather swivel chair was sitting in front of it.  
Sasha ran over to one of her worktables, and opened the bag of Hot Tamales she’d purchased from Garth. She grabbed a handful and threw them into her mouth. She couldn’t faint now! She looked at the bag of candy. Garth. Garth was a nonhuman…just like the man who was attacking her now. 
Sasha could read Garth’s mind and if she wanted to she could control him. She wondered how far away Garth was in that moment. She could call out to him psychically and he would come…come what? Fight to protect her? Risk his life to protect her? Garth looked tough, but…his body was covered in scars. And he seemed prone to getting into fights. 
Sasha had forgotten to ask Garth how he’d gotten that horrible stab wound on his stomach. Garth didn’t deserve to get into any more trouble. Besides, she didn’t know him well enough to ask him to risk his life for her. Crap. I better stop thinking about him or I might accidentally get him to come here. I can’t endanger Garth’s life like that. I have to protect myself. Besides, I have my own bodyguards. Sasha thought to herself as she ran towards the back of her laboratory. 
At the back of Sasha’s laboratory were several large metal cages and inside those cages were what could only be described as monsters. These were animals that Sasha’s father, Dr. Lazar Robinovitch, had experimented on. He’d combined the DNA of normal animals with a sample of demon DNA that the ADTF had given him. 
The ADTF or Anti-Demonic Terrorism Force was a top-secret government organization charged with protecting America from demonic threats. Phase One of the experiment was the combining of demon DNA with animal DNA. The result of those experiments had been strange animal hybrids that displayed demonic characteristics such as horns, wings, protruding spikes, and tails. 
Sasha had helped her father with these experiments. When Dr. Lazar Robinovitch had showed the resulting data of his experiments to the leader of the ADTF, Agent Darkhart, he’d gotten the go-ahead to move on to Phase Two of the experiment, which would be the combining of demon DNA with human DNA to create an army of genetically enhanced super soldiers that would be powerful enough to combat demonic threats.
Dr. Lazar had left Sasha to continue his work for the government, and had told her to dispose of the ‘experiments’. Instead of disposing of the animals, however, Sasha had saved them and had started to look for a cure. A way to ‘undo’ what her father’s genetic experiments had done to them. Sometimes Sasha stayed up all night trying to figure out a way to separate the demon DNA from the animal DNA, but had thus far been unable to come up with a solution. 
A lot of Sasha’s pets looked like they had come right out of a medieval storybook or maybe Harry Potter. There was a hippogriff that had the head of an eagle and the body of a horse. Instead of eagle-like wings, however, its wings were black and bat-like. A unicorn with a black coat had a horn that shone like onyx. The chimera had the head of a lion, body of a goat and the tail of a dragon. A cat with red fur had wings and horns sprouting out of its head. And there were many more. 
Sasha skidded to a halt in front of the cages and fished around in her lab coat pocket for her ring of keys. Her pets would protect her. She heard the sound of the elevator arriving behind her, and the door opening. Don’t look back. 
“Sasha…come out, come out, wherever you are.” The intruder called out in a singsong voice. 
Sasha unlocked the cage of an enormous, part-grizzly bear part-anaconda first. The head and torso of the creature was a bear that had horns sticking out of the top of its head. From the waist down the creature was an anaconda with green and yellow scales. Deadly spikes protruded all the way down its back and tail.  
Next, she released a part-alligator part-lion. The head and torso of the creature was an alligator with horns. From the waist down it was a lion with extremely sharp claws. 
Lastly, she released a part-wolf part-lion part-eagle. The creature’s head was a wolf with horns. The rest of its body was that of a lion with extremely large claws, and it had large eagle-like wings. 
Kill the intruder. Sasha ordered the monsters in her mind as she sent them this mental command telepathically. 
The creatures ran past Sasha obediently, and directly towards the intruder with menacing intent. Sasha spun around to watch as her three monster pets engaged in battle against the mysterious hooded figure. Sasha crossed her fingers behind her back, and bit down on her lower lip. She only hoped they stood a chance against this dangerous dragon-like male. 
 ***
Garth was heading back to his shop on his Ducati when he had the sudden ‘urge’ to pass by Sasha’s veterinary clinic. The hair on the back of his neck was prickling in warning and goosebumps had broken out over his arms. It was the same feeling Garth got just before an enemy attacked him from behind. 
Ah…darn it. What the hell. Garth turned his motorcycle around and began to head towards Sasha’s veterinary clinic. He’d just swing by and make sure she was okay. It’s not like he was worried about her. It’s just he had to get rid of this niggling feeling that Sasha was in danger. It was stupid. How could he know if she was in trouble? 
Garth pulled his Ducati right in front of the clinic and the first thing he noticed was that the front door was wide open. Bloody hell! Garth hopped off his bike, ran to the door, and ran inside. 
An alarm was going off. “Intruder alert. Intruder alert. Intruder alert.” A synthesized voice was saying over and over again. Red lights were flashing on the walls. 
“Sasha!” Garth called out. “Where are you?” 
“Garth? In here!” Charming’s voice called out. 
Garth hopped over the front reception desk and headed towards the examination room. He stepped inside to see chaos. The stainless steel examination table had been overturned, and one of the cabinets was shattered and in pieces on the floor. That’s when he caught sight of what looked like an arm on the floor. And then a torso that was missing a head. Crap! Was he already too late? Had Charming just been killed mere seconds ago? 
“Over here!” Charming’s voice called out. 
“What the…?” Garth walked around the overturned table and spotted Charming’s head on the floor. 
Charming looked up at Garth, blinked, and began to speak. “Hey Garth.”
“Holy crap!” Garth swore when Charming started to speak. Even immortals died when their head was cut off. What the hell was going on? What did this mean? What was Charming? A zombie? 
“Sasha’s in trouble. A nonhuman broke in here. Someone from the Black Dragon Clan wants to take Sasha to his Clan Chief. He had a Scottish accent just like you. What a coincidence. Friend of yours, perhaps?” Charming’s angry, bitter sounding voice was dripping with sarcasm.
Garth walked over, picked Charming’s head up, and turned it so he could see the base of Charming’s neck. Sparking wires were sticking out and his eyes went wide. “You…you’re a robot? A real robot.” 
Charming sighed and rolled his eyes impatiently. “Sasha made me. I’m the perfect boyfriend. She’s a genius, remember?” 
Garth shook his head at this startling revelation, and concentrated on what Charming had just told him. “Black Dragon Clan? Never heard of them. The only demon shifter clan I know of is Clan MacWulver. Where’s Sasha now?” 
“She took that elevator over there down to her laboratory. She’s probably going to have her monster pets protect her, but…that guy is strong. Abnormally strong. According to my analysis…he’s a dragon.” Charming informed Garth in a dire tone. 
Garth’s eyebrows rose. “A dragon? Like a dragon shifter? But all the dragon shifters were killed five centuries ago.” He frowned at the unsettling thought, but then shook his head. “Whatever.” 
A woman’s scream was heard coming from the laboratory. 
It was Sasha’s. 
“Hellfire! We don’t have time for this!” With Charming’s head in his hands Garth rushed into the elevator. “Which button?” 
“B1.” Charming replied. 
Garth jabbed his finger against the elevator button and the elevator began to descend to the basement level. The door opened and Garth ran outside to see that a cloaked, hooded figure with a black dragon mask had Sasha by her hair as he dragged her cruelly across the floor as she struggled against him. 
“No! Let me go!” Sasha cried. Tears were streaming down Sasha’s face and her lower lip was split and bleeding as if she’d been hit. She was being dragged through a pool of blood that was on the floor, and Garth spotted the dead bodies of three enormous monstrous creatures. 
Those things were Sasha’s pets? Garth wondered as he looked at the odd demonic animal hybrids.  
The scent of Sasha’s blood reached Garth’s nose and his eyes flashed red. He was so pissed. “Let her go.” He rumbled in a deep, threatening voice. 
The intruder looked up and stilled at the unexpected sight of Garth. “Bloody hell. Garth Mackenzie…long time no see.” 
Garth tried to contain his anger and clenched his hands into fists at his sides. “You know me? Who the hell are you?” He eyed the Celtic stone necklace that was around the shifter’s neck, and thought that he’d seen a similar necklace before but couldn’t remember where. 
“It’s not time for you to know. Get out of my way, Garth. I’m taking this human female to my Clan Chief.” The dragon shifter explained. 
“Over my dead body.” Garth growled and bared his teeth at the shifter. 
“What does she have to do with you anyways?” The dragon shifter asked in a surprised, curious tone. 
“She’s my friend!” Garth shot back. 
“Friend?” The dragon scoffed and laughed cruelly. He pulled Sasha up by her hair so she was dangling off the floor. Sasha whimpered in pain as the dragon shifter peered down at her face. “If she knew what you really are…she wouldn’t be your friend. Or maybe you just want to do her?” The shifter’s tone was pensive as he reached out, and squeezed Sasha’s flesh. She cried out. “She does have a lovely scream.” 
The reins on Garth’s anger snapped. “Don’t you dare touch her!” He tossed Charming’s head aside and shifted into his Hellcat form. Orange fur sprouted over his face, and curling horns began to sprout out of the top of his head. As his muscles bulged and grew in size his clothes were ripped right off his body. In seconds, Garth had shifted into a six hundred pound demonic tiger. 
Sasha’s blue eyes were wide like saucers as she looked at Garth’s true form. He really is a cat. And that form…why does it seem oddly familiar. Sasha’s head began to throb as she tried to remember. 
The dragon shifter tossed Sasha aside and let his arms transform into his dragon ones again. Red scales sprouted over his arms and his nails turned into black claws. He would have changed into his full dragon form under normal circumstances, but there wasn’t enough room down in this laboratory for his eighty-foot long form. The ceilings were also only nine feet high. 
Garth charged across the bloody floor towards the dragon shifter, and leapt at him. The dragon caught Garth, and the Hellcat was pushed back to the floor. The two shifters began to roll across the floor as they exchanged savage attacks. 
Garth attacked the shifter with his claws and teeth, and the intruder attacked with his claws. Garth sank his claws into the dragon’s chest, but the dragon sank his claws deep in Garth’s side in retaliation. Garth roared in pain. 
“Garth!” Sasha called out in concern. 
This gave Garth a second win, and he bit into the side of the male’s neck. The dragon shifter struggled against Garth as the Hellcat tried to rip his head off. The dragon shifter removed his claws from Garth’s side and shoved the Hellcat off of him, using all of his supernatural strength. 
Garth landed nimbly on his paws. The dragon shifter quickly got to his feet, and glanced towards the elevator. He put a hand to his bleeding neck. Crap. Garth had really done a number on him. He had to get the hell out of there and regroup, and return some other time with backup. That would be the wisest course of action. 
The dragon shifter ran towards the Hellcat and let out a battle cry. The Hellcat charged and pounced. The dragon shifter punched the Hellcat hard across the face, and Garth went flying sideways. The dragon shifter ran for the elevator and pressed the summoning button. 
Garth leapt to his feet and took off in the direction of the dragon shifter. 
But Sasha called after him. “No! Garth! Let him go. This isn’t your fight. He’s…my enemy. Don’t stain your hands with blood for my sake.” 
Garth hesitated, wondering if Sasha would be bothered if he killed this creep anyways. That moment of hesitation was all the dragon shifter needed to enter the elevator and press the door close button. The door closed and the elevator ascended. 
Crap. Garth mentally swore. He’d let the dragon shifter get away. Who the hell was that guy? And what the hell does the Black Dragon Clan want from Sasha?
Sasha pushed herself up off the floor, got to her feet, and stumbled her way over to Garth. She wrapped her arms around Garth’s neck, and buried her face in his soft orange and black fur. 
Garth’s eyes widened at her surprising actions. She’s not afraid of me in this form? But now she knows the truth. I’m a monster. A demon. I should go…
Sasha read his grim thoughts. “You’re not a monster. You’re a beautiful majestic tiger. Please, don’t go. I need you, Garth. I’m so scared.” 
It was uncanny how Sasha seemed to be able to read his thoughts. Garth began to try and calm himself down so he could shift back into his human form. 
No longer able to hold back her tears, Sasha began to sob into his fur. “I’ve never been so scared. He was a nonhuman and yet he attacked me. That’s never happened before. I thought humans were the evil ones. He…killed them. My precious pets. They’re dead. They tried to protect me, and they died. I should have let him take me. My pets didn’t need to die for my sake.” 
Garth shifted into his human form, and began to stroke Sasha’s hair with his calloused hand. Sasha’s face was now pressed up against his bare chest and her arms were wrapped around his torso. “No, you did the right thing by fighting back, lass.” 
“I don’t like fighting. I don’t like violence.” Sasha said in a small broken voice. “Why must I fight? I don’t want to have to fight. Why must this world be such a violent place? All I want to do is give kindness to my animals and friends.” 
“Shhh…you don’t have to fight.” Garth rumbled as he continued to stroke her pink hair with his hand. “Not anymore. I’m here now. I’ll fight for you. I’ll protect you. I’ll be like your personal bodyguard.” The Hellcat smiled down at her roguishly. “How does that sound? I’ll keep you safe, Sasha.” 
Sasha sniffled and looked up at Garth, teary-eyed. “You would do that? For me?” 
“Aye. We’re friends, aren’t we?” Garth gave her a hopeful look. 
“Yes, we are.” Sasha nodded. 
“Even now…that you know what I am? I’m not human, Sasha. I’m a demon.” Garth felt the need to clarify. 
“I know. I knew you weren’t human.” Sasha admitted. 
A flash of surprise crossed Garth’s face. “You knew? But how?” His brow furrowed in confusion. 
Sasha didn’t want to reveal that she could read Garth’s mind just yet. If he knew she was reading his mind then he’d become guarded around her, and then Sasha wouldn’t be able to understand him like she did now. “Let’s just say…I’m good with animals. I could tell. But I didn’t know you were a big kitty cat.” A dreamy smile formed on her face. 
“Animals? Demons are a little different from animals, Sasha. Eons ago, I used to be an Archangel, but I turned against God.” Garth couldn’t believe he was telling Sasha all of this. But for some reason he wanted to share this with her. He trusted her. He wanted to be accepted by her. 
“You mean you sided with Lucifer when one third of the angels decided to rebel against God?” Sasha quirked her head pensively at Garth. 
“Yes. How did you…?” Garth trailed off. 
“I read the Bible. I’m Catholic.” 
“Makes sense. Well, after we lost we were banished to a realm known as Hell. We were charged with punishing the souls of sinful humans that ended up there after they died. We were also cursed into monstrous demonic forms, which reflected our sins. My Hellcat form is my cursed form.”
“A form that reflects your sin.” Sasha repeated. “Why a cat?” 
“Cats are known for being incredibly selfish and egocentric. I’m sure that’s what my sin was.” Garth explained with a shrug. “Anyways, centuries later, Archangel Gabriel offered me a deal. In exchange for my memories, I could go to Earth for a second chance. A chance at redemption.” 
Sasha’s brow furrowed in confusion. “But you do remember. You just told me about your past.” 
“A wolf shifter named Magnus told me all this. But I have no actual memories of my past. I’m supposed to have a clean slate.” The shifter shrugged.
“Lost memories…I have those too.” Sasha revealed softly. “I can’t remember anything past four years ago. My father has helped to fill in the blanks, but…I don’t remember the things he tells me about.” Sasha was surprised she was telling Garth this. Normally, she’d never tell anyone about her memory loss. Most people thought she was crazy enough without knowing this secret. But for some reason, Sasha felt that Garth wouldn’t think she was crazy just for this. 
Garth gave Sasha a concerned look. She was suffering from memory loss? Is that why people call her Crazy Sasha? “What do you remember? If you don’t mind me asking.” 
“I remember…” Sasha’s brow furrowed as she tried to remember things that happened past four years ago. “Men dressed in black. They looked like priests, but they wore medieval swords strapped to their sides.” 
“Battle Priests! Bloody hell!” Garth swore at this startling revelation. He gripped Sasha’s shoulders and looked down into her face with a fierce expression in his golden eyes. “Do you know the Red Priest?” 
Sasha could hear the desperation in Garth’s voice and clutched her head as it throbbed in pain as she tried to remember. “I…I can’t-”
Garth could see that Sasha was in pain and forced himself to let go of her shoulders. Instead he grabbed her hands. “Stop. Forget it. Never mind. Stop trying to remember. Maybe it’s better if you don’t remember.” Telling Sasha to stop trying to remember about the Red Priest was one of the hardest things Garth ever had to do. 
Sasha frowned as she looked up and noted Garth’s tortured expression. “Who is the Red Priest?” 
“He’s someone I’m looking for.” Garth responded casually. 
Sasha raised an eyebrow at Garth. “Be honest.” 
“He’s my Archenemy.” 
Certain things were clicking into place within Sasha’s mind. “Is that why you’re always getting hurt?” 
“Yes,” Garth admitted. “The Red Priest is holding my people, fellow shifters, prisoner, and has them trapped in their animal forms using enchanted collars. He forces my people to fight Battle Priests and Battle Nuns in matches where humans bet on the outcome of those fights. When I escaped I promised my people I would come back for them. However, no matter how hard I try I can’t remember where the arena I escaped from is located. I can be a bit of a meathead at times.”
Demons trapped in their animal forms fighting against Battle Priests and Battle Nuns? Sasha thought and certain visual images began to appear in her mind. She vaguely remembered something similar to what Garth was describing. But it was like trying to remember a dream. Sasha couldn’t get the images in her mind to become clear. 
“That’s why I’ve been tracking down illegal underground fight clubs in San Francisco, and discovering where they meet so that I can participate in the matches while trying to find the Red Priest. I usually interrogate street fighters and ask them if they know of the Red Priest’s whereabouts. So far, I haven’t been able to find out anything.” Garth put his hands out in a helpless gesture. 
“If I remember…maybe I could help you find him.” There was a hopeful note to Sasha’s voice.
“No.” Garth shook his head. “It looked like you were in pain. Just…forget I asked about it.” 
Sasha frowned. “Those Battle Priests…they might be coming after me. My father told me so. Although I don’t know why they’d be interested in me. I’m not a demon. But that’s why I made Charming. To protect me. Maybe you could use me…like bait.” 
Bait? Garth was so moved by Sasha’s selfless offer that he ended up pulling her into his arms and wrapping his arms around her for a hug. “I hope they don’t come for you.” 
“But…it’s important to you, isn’t it?” Sasha questioned as she rested her cheek against Garth’s pec. The sound of his heartbeat was soothing to her. “Finding the Red Priest? Freeing your people?” 
Garth rested his chin on the top of Sasha’s head. “Yes, but…you’re important to me too.” He squeezed her tight. 
Sasha’s cheeks turned pink. “Garth…” 
“If they do come though, just give me a call. I’ll kick their asses.” A feral grin curled Garth’s lips at the thought of kicking some Battle Priest ass, and his golden eyes were glowing. 
Sasha looked up at Garth and smiled tremulously when she noticed his fierce expression. “I bet.” 
Garth suddenly sniffed Sasha. “You smell…aroused?” 
“Ah, no, it’s not because of you. Charming and I were participating in sexual activity earlier.” Sasha hurriedly explained. 
Garth raised an eyebrow at her. “You and the robot?” He eyebrows bunched together. “How does that work exactly?” 
“Charming is the perfect boyfriend.” A dreamy expression fell over Sasha’s face. 
“He’s a robot.” Garth scowled at her starry-eyed expression. “And he’s kind of in pieces right now. He’s not real, Sasha. You deserve better than a fake boyfriend.” 
Sasha pushed herself off of Garth’s naked body, and placed her hands on her hips. “Don’t talk about Charming that way! He’s very important to me.” 
Garth scratched his head in a befuddled manner. She’s in love with a robot? I’m making her angry. I better just shut up now. “Yeah, sure, whatever.” 
“Hmph!” Sasha stalked over to Charming’s head and picked it up. She stared into Charming’s eyes. His glasses were cracked. She’d have to get him a new pair. It wasn’t like Charming actually needed glasses, but she thought men in glasses were sexy. “Charming, are you alright?” 
“My mental processes are functioning normally, my love.” Charming readily assured. 
“Oh, thank goodness.” Sasha clutched Charming’s head to her chest. “I don’t know what I would do without you. Don’t worry, Charming, I’ll have you repaired in no time. I’ll make you an even better, more powerful body than before. And maybe I’ll add a few weapons.”
Garth felt odd watching Sasha hugging a robot’s head to her chest. What was this odd feeling? He felt like crushing Charming’s head like a watermelon between his two hands. 
Sasha held Charming’s head away from her chest and then kissed him passionately on the lips. 
Garth’s eyes widened in shock. She was completely delusional. She was completely lost in her fantasy world. She’s delusional.  
Sasha frowned as she heard Garth’s insulting thought, and shot a glare the shifter’s way. “I’m not crazy.” 
Garth put his hands up in front of him in a surrendering gesture. “I didn’t say you were.” 
“No. But I bet you were thinking it.” Sasha sighed, walked over, and placed Charming’s head down on one of her worktables. The veterinarian turned around and then glanced down at Garth’s crotch. She’d forgotten that he was naked. “It’s hard to stay mad at you when you’re naked.” 
Garth smirked. “That so? I’ll keep that in mind, lass.” Mental note: if Sasha gets mad at me I’ll just strip my clothes off. 
Sasha giggled at Garth’s internal thoughts and then caught herself, surprised that she was able to laugh again so soon. “I’ll go get you some clothes. My father keeps some of his belongings here for when he comes and visits.” 
“Alright.” Garth said. 
Sasha walked off to fetch Garth a change of clothes from one of the cabinets within the laboratory. She returned with a purple hoodie and matching sweatpants. It was an outfit her father used to workout in. She had a chagrined expression on her face as she handed Garth the outfit. “It’s the only thing that I think will fit you.” 
Garth shot Charming’s head a curious look. “What about the Tin Man’s clothes?” 
“If you’re asking me if you can borrow my clothes, then the answer is ‘no’. You’ll stretch the necks with your big stupid head.” Charming complained. 
Garth scowled at the robot head, and put on the purple hoodie and sweatpants. At least it wasn’t pink. 
Sasha slowly walked towards the bodies of her dead monster pets. She crouched by their sides and closed their eyes with her fingers gently. She stroked their fur-covered bodies sadly. “Thank you, for trying to protect me, my precious ones.” 
Garth walked over to Sasha, and coughed awkwardly into his hand. “Shall we give them a proper burial? I’d be happy to help.” 
“Thank you, but that won’t be necessary. I have a cremation chamber. I’ll take care of it.” Sasha stood but then swayed on her feet. She was having a hard time keeping it together.
Garth reached out and grabbed Sasha’s arm to steady her. “I’ll help.” He said firmly. 
Sasha just nodded dazedly. 
Garth helped Sasha to carry the bodies of her monster pets over to a gigantic cremation chamber, and toss them inside. He wondered why she had such a thing in the first place, but didn’t want to ask her. He was afraid of what the answer might be. 
As Sasha watched the bodies of her beloved pets burn to ashes, tears streamed down her face anew. 
Garth awkwardly put his arm around Sasha’s shoulders to offer her comfort, and Sasha leaned against him, taking solace in his embrace. 
I never thought I would comfort a human female. I bet I suck at this. Garth thought worriedly. 
“Thank you for being here with me, Garth.” Sasha piped up. “I don’t know if I could have gotten through this on my own.” 
“No problem.” 
“I…have a favor I’d like to ask.” 
“Shoot.” 
“I’d like to take their ashes to the ocean and scatter their ashes there. I think they would like that.” 
“Alright, lass.” 
Sasha swayed on her feet again, and Garth caught her as she fell unconscious. He was concerned until Charming’s voice rang out: “Don’t try to wake her. She’s just sleeping. It’s late.” 
“Aye, it is.” Garth sat down on the floor cross-legged and held Sasha in his arms. She snuggled up against him, and made herself comfortable. He smiled at the sight. She fit perfectly in his arms. He had this strange, unexpected desire to protect her. He yawned widely. Garth didn’t want to fall asleep and risk having a violent dream of his past since he might accidentally lash out at Sasha in his sleep.  
Garth tried to stay awake, but after fighting the dragon shifter he’d used up a lot of energy. His body needed to heal. He ended up falling asleep, and dreaming of the past once more. 
To be continued in…Candy 7: Atomic Fireball




Chapter 7: Atomic Fireball

FLASHBACK
One week later, Garth, Lachlan, and Leslie headed out early that morning from Castle MacWulver to head into the village so that Garth could pick up his new claymore from Blacksmith Rory. 
Garth was extremely excited to see what kind of claymore Rory had forged him. It didn’t take the trio long to arrive at the blacksmith’s shop. They dismounted from their horses and tethered them to a nearby fence outside. Garth approached the front door and knocked. 
“Come in.” Rory’s gruff voice called out. 
Garth pushed the door open, and he and his companions made their way inside the shop. As soon as Garth opened the door the aroma of cinnamon and apples hit his nose, and made him salivate. Rory, Muireall, and Kirstin were seated together at the long, wooden kitchen table and were eating large pieces of steaming hot apple pie together. 
Kirstin was so happy she was practically bouncing up and down on her seat as she shoveled large bites of apple pie into her mouth. The curls of her short brown hair were bouncing with her movements. 
Rory’s attention turned to his guests and he grinned when he caught sight of Garth. “Ah, it’s you, Garth. I have your sword ready for you.” Rory stood up from his place at the table and walked over to another long wooden table where a sheathed claymore was sitting on it. 
Muireall spoke to Lachlan and Leslie. “Why don’t you two sit down and have some apple pie? It’s freshly baked.” She waved her hand graciously at two empty seats at the table. 
“Don’t mind if I do.” Leslie instantly agreed, took a seat at the table, and served herself a rather large piece of pie. 
Lachlan took a seat next to Leslie, chuckling softly. “Should you really be getting such a big piece? You’re going to get fat, lass.” He teased. 
“Don’t worry, I seem to gain all my weight here.” Leslie grabbed her chest. “Anyways.” 
Lachlan flushed as he watched Leslie squeezing her flesh. He swallowed thickly. The shifter could feel himself getting turned on. He wanted to take Leslie right there on that kitchen table in front of everyone. “That so? And will you stop doing that? It’s inappropriate for a lady.” 
A wolfish smile curled Leslie’s lips. “You’re the only one watching.” 
Lachlan cleared his throat and served himself a piece of pie in order to distract himself. He shifted awkwardly on his seat. Leslie was such a tease. But he knew she’d never sleep with him again. Leslie knew he had feelings for her and wanted nothing to do with it. He cut a bite with his fork, plopped it into his mouth, chewed, and swallowed. His eyes widened in surprise as the delicious flavors hit his tongue. It was really good. 
Lachlan turned to look at Leslie, and saw she’d already finished off half her piece. That lass had a healthy appetite! 
Some males may have considered Leslie to be overweight, but Lachlan liked her soft, womanly curves. It would have given him something to hold onto during sex. But Leslie didn’t really need to know that, and he enjoyed teasing her about her curviness anyways.
Meanwhile, Rory turned around and handed the claymore to Garth. “Here she is. This sword is truly my greatest masterpiece. I used a special secret technique to strengthen the blade of the sword, so it should be unbreakable.” He shot a meaningful look Muireall’s way. 
Muireall caught his look, fingered her slightly shorter hair, smiled, and nodded. Muireall had given her husband her hair in order to make Garth the strongest sword possible. 
In ancient China, according to legend, throwing a man into a furnace made a strong sword. It helped to melt the metal and created the pure iron that a blacksmith could further hammer. 
Rory’s sword-making process had begun when he’d inserted a slab of mixed iron and steel into his forge that had been preheated to more than two thousand three hundred degrees Fahrenheit. 
After heating until it was supple enough to work with, he’d transferred the metal to an anvil where repeated hammer blows had shaped the metal. The cycle had been repeated again and again until just the right mixture of strength and suppleness was achieved, a process that took Rory days. 
The insertion of the human hair into the forge was a key to his success. Before human hair is burnt it contains phosphorus. If it is burnt, the phosphorus will be mixed into the metal. After burning a while the metal will contain phosphorus, and the fire will give a magical turquoise glow.  
“Have a look at her.” Rory urged Garth to unsheathe the sword. 
Garth unsheathed the claymore and held it out before him. It was a beautiful sword. And the blade was longer than any of the other claymores inside of the blacksmith’s shop. The great sword had a cross hilt of forward sloping quillons with quatrefoil terminations. He executed a couple of practice swings with the sword, slicing it through the air. It was light, but Garth could tell it was perfectly balanced. And because it was light his movements were lightning fast. Garth grinned wickedly. 
“I hope that expression on your face means you’re pleased with the sword.” Rory smiled at the shifter. “Here, allow me to show you the true strength of that there blade.” The blacksmith walked over to the wall, which was covered with weapons, and selected a standard claymore. He unsheathed the sword and approached Garth with it. “Hold your sword out horizontally before you.” 
Garth did as he was told. 
Rory brought his claymore up and then down in a two-handed slash. 
The blacksmith’s sword’s blade shattered upon impact with Garth’s sword, and pieces of steel went flying through the air. Lachlan caught a piece of broken steel between his index and middle finger that would have otherwise stabbed his eye.
Garth blinked down at the sword in his hands in awe. It was indestructible. Truly a masterpiece. “Amazing…she’s a beautiful sword. Thank you.” Garth told Rory, his golden eyes swirling with emotion. 
Rory patted Garth’s shoulder affectionately. “You’ll be needing her soon. The reivers have started to target the farmlands close to this village, and surely have their eyes set on this village as their next target. Word of our village’s prosperity and richness has spread all over Scotland. It only makes sense that the raiders would want a piece of that pie for themselves. Those greedy fucking bandits!” Rory swore with passion. “But hopefully I’m just being paranoid and they’ll never dare to come here. After all, this village is a long ways from the border. But if they do come, I’ll be ready for them.” 
“Dear, you’re such a worrywart.” Muireall chided her husband. “And even if they do come…we’re under the protection of Clan MacWulver. The shifters will protect us.” 
Rory frowned at his wife’s words. “But how long will it take the shifters to come down from their Highland Castle? By then hundreds will already be dead. The castle is too far away from the border for help to reach us in time.” 
“Don’t you be underestimating Laird Magnus.” Leslie interrupted in a chiding tone. “He cares about the people here and this village. He would protect it with his life.” 
“Hopefully he’ll never have to.” Muireall crossed herself. “May God protect us.”
Lachlan stood up from his place at the table. “We should get going.” 
“Ah, before you leave. Garth, would you like a piece of apple pie?” Muireall offered kindly. 
“Ah, no, it’s not necessary.” Garth put his hands up before him. “But thanks for the offer, Lady Muireall.” 
However, Kirstin had already served a piece of pie and carried it over to Garth. She held the plate out to him, and smiled widely, showing the cute gaps in her teeth. “Here kitty. Have some pie. It’s real yummy.” 
How could Garth resist such cuteness? He smiled down at the girl-child, and started to reach for the plate. However-
The sound of a woman’s piercing scream was heard from outside. More screams followed that sounded both male and female. Then the thundering, clopping sound of hundreds of horses’ hooves hitting the dirt roads throughout the village reached their ears. The ringing sound of steel clashing against steel alerted everyone to the fact that a battle of some sort was suddenly taking place just outside Rory’s door. 
“Those are the sounds of war. The sounds of Death.” Rory said grimly. A desperate shout for help was heard from just outside the blacksmith’s shop. “Those bloody reivers! They’re here!” The blacksmith rushed over to his wall of weapons and selected a claymore. He stalked over to Muireall and Kirstin, and stared down at them with a stern expression on his face. “I want you two to stay inside and barricade the door.” 
“What about you, dear?” Muireall asked fearfully as she wrung her hands together while shooting nervous glances at the door. 
Rory reached out and cupped Muireall’s cheek. Her trembling ceased. “Who do you think you married? I’m a Battle Priest. I can handle myself.” The blacksmith kissed Muireall on the lips before turning and heading towards the door. 
Garth quickly fell into step beside Rory, and Lachlan and Leslie hurried after Garth. Rory threw the door open, and fearlessly stepped out onto the dirt road. 
Garth, Lachlan and Leslie quickly exited the blacksmith’s shop, and shut the door behind them. Garth could already hear Muireall inside the shop moving furniture in front of the door to create a makeshift barricade. 
The sight that met them - chaos. 
Villagers, both male and female, were running across the dirt road, and screaming at the top of their lungs for help. Garth and the others watched as several reivers rode past them on hardy nags, chased a group of villagers down, threw their lances at them and speared them through. Some of the other reivers that were on horseback used their bows and arrows to take out the villagers. It was all happening so fast; there was no way to stop it.
The reivers wore tartan plaid, but most were dressed in light armor such as brigandines or jacks of plaite (a type of sleeveless doublet in which small plates of steel were stitched). Metal helmets such as burgonets or morions were on their heads hence their nickname of ‘steel bonnets’. They were armed with lances, swords, dirks, small shields, longbows, and light crossbows known as ‘latches’. 
Several of the homes and shops close to the blacksmith shop were already on fire. Thatched roofs were on fire, and smoke was filling the air because of it. 
The smell of burning flesh reached Garth’s senses, and caused him to have a sudden flash of memory. He remembered a place that was filled with the stink of burning flesh as human souls were tortured and punished for their sins in their special ‘spirit bodies’. The air around Garth was sweltering with unbearable heat, and the ground beneath is feet was scorching hot.
Garth shook his head to clear it of those unwanted memories. A group of five reivers on foot spotted Rory, Garth, Lachlan and Leslie, let out a war whoop, and charged with their swords raised. 
Rory let out a battle cry, and attacked the raider that reached them first. Their swords clashed. Rory pulled his sword back and swung it forward in a fast sideways slash. He managed to slip past the reiver’s defenses and opened up his stomach right over his plaid. The bandit cried out and fell over to the ground where he lay unmoving.  
Garth unsheathed his claymore, and attacked a reiver wielding a lance. He swung his sword at the reiver, and the bandit swung his lance at Garth in quick retaliation. Their weapons clashed, but Garth’s claymore cut right through the lance as if it had been made out of paper. 
“Bloody hell!” The reiver swore angrily as he leapt backwards to put distance between him and Garth before tossing his now useless lance aside. He raised his right arm, and fired his mini crossbow at Garth. 
Garth didn’t even bother to try and dodge the attack, and the bolt hit Garth’s pec. A feral smile that was more like a bearing of his teeth formed on Garth’s face, and he approached with predatory steps. His hand shot out and wrapped around the reiver’s throat. He lifted the man up off the ground, and began to squeeze the man’s neck mercilessly. The reiver clawed at Garth’s hands, but to no avail. Garth snapped the raider’s neck, and tossed him aside like a limp rag doll. 
Meanwhile, Leslie was facing off against a reiver wielding a broadsword, and their swords clashed. The reiver leered at her, and flicked his tongue at her disgustingly. “Aren’t you a pretty Highland shifter whore? What do you say we set these swords aside and have some fun, lass?” 
Leslie gave the reiver a disgusted look. “I think not.” 
The bandit raked his eyes over her curvaceous body as if undressing her with his eyes. “Come on, lass, don’t be that way. Let me pierce you with my other sword, the bigger one.” The reiver grabbed his crotch and cackled merrily at his lewd joke. 
Leslie cringed in disgust at his perverted actions. Her lip curled in disgust. She was about to make a scathing retort when suddenly the tip of a sword emerged from the reiver’s chest. 
Leslie turned to see a furious looking Lachlan with his hand raised. Apparently, he’d overheard the reiver’s crude words, and had launched his sword at the reiver like a lance.
The reiver in front of Leslie sunk to his knees, his eyes bulging. He tried to speak and blood gurgled out of his mouth. Leslie put a hand to her ear. “What was that? You want me to put you out of your misery? I can do that.” Leslie swung her sword and beheaded the raider mercilessly. 
Lachlan smiled at Leslie before turning his attention back to the reiver he’d been battling. Now that he was unarmed the reiver thought he had the upper hand and chuckled darkly. “Time to die, Highland shifter scum!” He swung his sword at Lachlan. 
“Lachlan!” Leslie called out in concern. 
Garth spun to see a reiver swinging his sword at an unarmed Lachlan. He began to run in his friend’s direction. I’m not going to make it! 
But then Lachlan smiled cockily, and raised his hand to block the attack. He willed his hand to transform, and in seconds it had increased in size and was covered by shiny black scales. Lachlan’s nails had also turned into long sharp claws. 
The reiver’s eyes bulged when his sword clashed against Lachlan’s clawed, scaly hand. 
A dragon claw. Garth realized. Lachlan was a dragon shifter. One of the most powerful kinds. He felt his respect for his best friend grow.  
Lachlan closed his dragon fist around the sword blade, and shattered it to pieces. He then shot out his hand and it entered the reiver’s chest. Lachlan ripped out the man’s heart and showed the still-beating heart to the reiver, who was now dying. The bandit sunk to his knees, and fell forward on the ground where he lay unmoving.
Lachlan coldly tossed the human heart aside. He then turned to Garth and Leslie. “We need to leave, and return to the castle. Laird Magnus must be informed of the reiver attack.” 
Garth’s brow furrowed in confusion at Lachlan’s words. “You want us to leave Rory and his family? Abandon the village?” 
Lachlan’s gray-green eyes were icy, calculating. “Yes. There are too many reivers. There could be a thousand. They’ve been planning this looting campaign for a while now. That much is obvious. Even though we’re shifters with those kinds of numbers they will overwhelm us. Our only option is to return to Castle MacWulver and return with the shifter army. That is our only chance for victory.” 
“By the time we return Rory and his family could already be dead.” Garth argued with an angry wave of his hand through the air. “Hundreds of villagers will die.” 
Lachlan walked over to Duff, put his foot in the stirrup, and swung himself up into the saddle. He untied Duff from the fence and turned his horse to face Garth. “That is not our concern.” 
Leslie mounted Fiona and untied her horse from the fence. “I’m sorry, Garth, but Lachlan is right. If we stay here - we’ll die. We have to get reinforcements.” 
Garth nodded at Leslie. “I understand. But I’m staying here to fight. I will protect Rory and his family, and this village until you return.” There was a fierce look in Garth’s amber eyes. 
Leslie’s blue eyes widened at Garth’s surprising declaration. “Garth…?” 
“That’s suicide!” Lachlan burst out. “Garth, listen to reason. If you stay here, you’ll die. The humans are not worth dying for. We’re immortal. We’re superior to them. What would be the point in dying for lesser beings?” 
Garth’s golden eyes narrowed at Lachlan fiercely. “Not worth dying for? Lesser beings?” Garth remembered how kind Muireall and Kirstin had been to him. How Rory had made him an unbreakable sword. Rory had made him that incredible sword because he believed in him. And he wouldn’t let Rory down. He wouldn’t break that trust. “I disagree. I believe these people are worth fighting for!” 
“Then I’ll stay too.” Leslie started to dismount from Fiona. She didn’t like the idea of leaving Garth behind at all. It felt cowardly and wrong. And she was no coward. She was a powerful swordswoman in her own right. 
“No.” Garth’s firm voice stopped Leslie. “It’s like Lachlan said, it’s too dangerous, Leslie. You could die. Go get me some reinforcements.” 
Leslie pondered this request, but then finally nodded. “Alright. I’ll get you those reinforcements, Garth. You can count on me. But don’t die. If you die…I’ll kill you!” Her blue eyes flashed. 
Garth grinned at her, showing off his sharp canines. “I won’t die. Trust me. I’ve got this.” 
“I believe in you, Garth MacWulver.” Leslie said passionately. She was both moved and impressed by Garth’s display of bravery and selflessness. What a male he is. I could fall for him if I’m not careful. 
“Let’s go, Leslie.” Lachlan snapped impatiently. He didn’t like the way Leslie was looking at Garth one bit. 
“Aye.” Leslie agreed. Lachlan and Leslie took off at a gallop, heading towards Castle MacWulver. 
Rory was giving Garth a surprised, thankful look. “You didn’t have to stay, lad.” 
Garth met Rory’s gaze. “But I wanted to. Now, let’s kick some reiver butt!” 
“Aye!” 
Garth and Rory began to fight the reivers side by side. Fighting back-to-back they were an incredible, deadly force to be reckoned with. 
Dozens of reivers fell to Garth and Rory’s swords in a matter of minutes. Garth had to admit he was impressed by Rory’s swordsmanship and strength. For a human it was unreal. But those skills had obviously been ingrained in him from the time he could walk and hold a sword. 
“Someone! Anyone! Help us!” A panicked sounding female voice reached their ears as a woman cried out for help. “Please! Nooo!” The sound of loud sobbing followed soon after.  
Garth shot a meaningful look at Rory. Rory nodded in quick agreement. “Go. Save them. I’ll be fine.” The blacksmith assured him. 
“Aye.” Garth took off running, heading in the direction the female screams had come from. He turned a corner and entered an alleyway between two shop buildings. His blood ran cold at the sight that met him. 
A group of five reivers were taking advantage of three village girls. Three village girls that Garth recognized as having given him directions to Muireall that day about a week ago. That peaceful, carefree day seemed so long ago in that moment. 
Now the girls were on the dirty ground, their beautiful tartan plaid dresses torn, and tears were streaming down their faces as the bandits moved over their trembling bodies. The chilled blood in Garth’s veins began to set on fire and burn as hot anger coursed through his veins. He saw red and his eyes glowed like two coals. Garth may have looked like a demon, but those men were the real monsters. 
Garth felt his inner beast taking over, and he couldn’t control it. His claymore dropped from his hand and clattered on the ground. He gripped his head and roared. “Rawr!” He was shifting. Orange fur began to sprout on his face, and he could feel his teeth lengthening and becoming sharper. His nails and toenails turned into claws. Two cat-like ears sprouted on top of his head, and then curled horns. His plaid ripped and tore as his body changed shape. 
In seconds, Garth had transformed into his Hellcat form. He growled low in his throat to get the reivers’ attention.
The bandits turned to see an enormous demonic tiger suddenly in their midst, and blanched. “A shifter! Bloody hell! Get your weapons!” 
But it was already too late. 
Garth pounced on the nearest reiver, who was still on top of one of the girls, and knocked him off of her. With a swipe of his paw he’d ripped the man’s throat out.
Garth wasted no time in pouncing another reiver and sinking his razor sharp claws into him from behind. The girl beneath the reiver screamed as she watched enormous, sharp claws emerge out the front of the raider’s chest. Blood poured down onto her bare chest. 
The Hellcat sensed an attack from behind, and dodged out of the way. The reiver’s sword ended up stabbing the reiver who Garth had already killed. “You monster!” The bandit yelled as he pulled his sword out of his fallen comrade’s body and attacked the Hellcat again. 
Garth opened his maw and bit down on the sword’s blade. The blade shattered and the man’s eyes bulged in shock and horror. He dropped his now useless sword, shook his head fearfully, and turned around to run. Garth took one giant leap, and pounced on the reiver from behind as he fled the alley. The Hellcat sunk his teeth into the reiver’s neck and ripped the man’s head off. 
These unscrupulous men didn’t deserve mercy. They deserved slow, painful deaths. 
“Look out!” One of the girls called out a warning to Garth. 
Garth felt a sword slip into his side, and he roared out in pain and anger. The Hellcat turned to glare at the reiver who’d stabbed him. The bandit pulled his sword out of Garth’s side and moved to attack the Hellcat again. With a swipe of his paw Garth batted the reiver’s sword out of his hand. 
“Bloody hell!” The bandit swore and began to back away from Garth. 
Garth stalked his prey like a cat cornering a mouse. He smiled at the reiver before he pounced. The Hellcat sank his claws into the man’s chest and killed him instantly. 
Garth turned to see if the young women were okay. Well, as ‘okay’ as they could be after what had happened to them. The girls stood up and met Garth’s golden gaze unflinchingly. 
“Thank you, Highlander Hellcat. We owe you our lives.” One of the village girls thanked Garth with tears in her eyes as she held her ripped plaid up against her naked body. 
Garth nodded, his golden eyes burning. ‘I will avenge you, lassies’ his eyes seemed to say to them. 
The girl smiled grimly. “Go…kill them. Kill them all!” 
Garth nodded and took off out of the alleyway. He padded down the main dirt road that headed to the market square, and a few yards up ahead a dozen reivers on horseback were approaching him fast. They spotted Garth, and several grabbed their bows and nocked arrows to their bows, which they aimed the Hellcat’s way. 
“Look there! It’s a shifter!” One of the reivers called out and barked out orders. “Ready your bows! Aim! Fire!” 
A barrage of arrows was loosed upon Garth, who didn’t stop his own forward charge. As the Hellcat ran through the riders, arrows pierced his body, but he ignored the pain. He felt sorry for the horses, but the lives of the villagers were his top priority at this point. As he ran past the warhorses he swiped at their legs with his sharp claws. 
In less than a minute, Garth had passed the group of a dozen riders, and turned around to witness the damage he’d just caused them. The horses neighed loudly in distress, and crashed to the dirt road, riders and all. 
The reivers cried out in surprise and horror as they went down with their horses. Some were completely thrown off their horses while others were gruesomely crushed by their mounts. 
The Hellcat let out a loud triumphant roar before attacking them. The bandits cried out in distress as many tried to get a hold of their weapons before Garth could finish them off. But Garth didn’t give them that chance. The battle that ensued was similar to a large cat pouncing and killing twelve mice in a matter of seconds. 
The Hellcat shook his body, and a few of the arrows dislodged themselves. Garth’s attention was drawn to the sound of a large number of horses heading in one particular direction. He decided to head there too and took off.
A few minutes later, Garth was entering the main market square. More than a hundred reivers were gathered there, and Garth spotted a man dressed in full armor sitting on an impressive black warhorse. He was barking orders to his men. “You there! Put that bag of gold over there! Silk - goes over there! Pottery - over there! Jewelry - over there!”
The raiders were depositing large burlap sacks full of stolen goods on the ground in different piles. The bags were filled with bolts of silk or tartan plaid, gold, jewelry, pottery, food and weapons. 
The man barking orders was the leader Garth deduced, and by his accent…he was probably English. Garth fearlessly padded his way into the middle of the market square. There was a predatory grace to his movements. 
The leader of the reiver gang turned his attention towards the Hellcat, and their gazes clashed. Lightning seemed to crackle between their locked stares. “A shifter…and he’s all alone.” The Englishman smiled menacingly. “Men! Kill that shifter!” 
“Aye! Yes, Boss!” The bandits cried out in unison as they unsheathed their weapons and pointed them at Garth threateningly. 
Garth looked around at the hundred or so reivers. He was incredibly outnumbered, but he wasn’t afraid, and he didn’t care that his life was being put at risk or in danger. As long as the reivers’ attention was on him - it wasn’t on the villagers and they would have a chance to escape. He would be the greatest decoy ever! 
Garth also knew deep in his bones that help was on the way. Lachlan and Leslie had gone to Castle MacWulver, and would be back with reinforcements shortly. He just had to hold out until then. 
Don’t die. If you die…I’ll kill you! Leslie’s passionate words rang through his mind. 
Garth let out a ferocious roar, and summoned his elemental power. Orange and red flames burst out and surrounded his body, and his eyes glowed like coals. Then he attacked. 
The raiders charged and let out war whoops as they engaged Garth in battle. 
 ***
Leslie and Lachlan rode their horses as hard as they were able to Castle MacWulver. “Open the gate!” Lachlan yelled out as they approached the front gate. 
“It’s Lachlan and Leslie! Open the gate!” The guards who were positioned on top of the castle wall shouted out to the guards that were on the ground next to the gate. The gate was opened from the inside, and Lachlan and Leslie rode directly into the castle courtyard. 
Laird Magnus was currently sparring with his clansmen when Lachlan and Leslie suddenly burst into the courtyard and interrupted their training. 
“Laird Magnus!” Leslie called out as she rode Fiona over to the wolf shifter. “The reivers have attacked the village. There are hundreds of them! What should we do?”  
Lachlan rode Duff over, and stopped his horse in front of Magnus. “My Laird, if we go to defend the village we’ll be grossly outnumbered. Perhaps, we should fall back to the castle, and wait for the reivers to attack us here.” 
A worried look settled over Magnus’s usually carefree face as he thought about the human village that was under Clan MacWulver’s protection. “Reivers. Dammit.” He frowned when he suddenly noticed that Garth wasn’t with the others. “Where’s Garth?” 
“Garth chose to stay behind, Milord.” Leslie began to explain. “He wanted to protect Rory the Blacksmith and his family, and the village. We can’t just abandon him. He’s counting on us to return with reinforcements!” There was a fierce look in Leslie’s blue eyes.
“Garth stayed behind to face the reivers all on his own?” Magnus stroked his beard in thought. “Heh…he has guts!” He grinned as he pictured Garth fighting against the bandits single-handedly. 
“Hurry! We must get inside the castle!” Lachlan was saying to the shifters, who were watching and waiting for their orders. 
“Nay!” Magnus objected loudly. “Nay. As long as there is still a breath left in this cursed body of mine, I am Clan Chief, Lachlan. I would appreciate it if you would remember that. I still give the orders around here - not you. Not yet.” Magnus reminded Lachlan coolly, and rubbed at the tattoo curse on his neck unconsciously. “Men! Clansmen and clanswomen! We will fight! We will ride out to the village immediately and protect the villagers that are under our protection! We will keep our promise to King James!” 
“Aye, Laird Magnus!” The shifters cried out in unison. 
There was a dark look in Lachlan’s calculating eyes. “Nay? You can’t be serious? It’s…suicide! Why should we risk our lives for those pathetic humans?” He demanded hotly. 
Magnus gave Lachlan a pitying look, and shook his head. “Those humans are our only hope - our only chance for redemption. They are God’s precious children. He has not forsaken them yet, and neither shall we!” 
“Tch.” Lachlan made a sound of disgust. 
“What should we do, Lachlan?” Cormag, who was one of the dragon shifters loyal to Lachlan, asked boldly. 
Lachlan frowned. He knew that a large number of the clan would readily go against Magnus’s orders and follow his lead. But not all. And now was not the time to stage a rebellion. Besides, Laird Magnus had been cursed. He was dying. It was only a matter of time. And when Magnus was dead - Lachlan would rule Clan MacWulver!
But the dragon shifter didn’t want to show his hand just yet. He looked at the faces of those shifters he knew were loyal to him. Lachlan unsheathed his claymore and held it high above his head. “We…shall fight! We will protect the village! Let’s make those reivers regret that they dared to come to shifter territory!” 
“Aye!” The shifters grabbed their weapons, mounted their horses, and took off for the village. When they reached the village they saw the horrible, sickening destruction that had been caused by the raiders. Thatched roofs were on fire, and the dead bodies of villagers littered the ground. But some of the dead on the ground were reivers. 
Tears prickled Leslie’s eyes at the sight of so much blood and carnage. “Are we too late, do you think?” 
“He was a fool to risk his life for these pitiful humans.” Lachlan’s lips curled into a sneer. 
“A brave fool.” Leslie said softly. 
Suddenly, the party of shifters was surrounded by a group of fleeing villagers, but there didn’t appear to be anyone in pursuit of them. 
“You there! What’s going on?” Lachlan demanded of a male villager and pointed his sword at him. 
The male villager skidded to a halt when he noticed a shifter was addressing him. “It’s…the Highlander Hellcat! He’s fighting the entire reiver gang all on his own! He’s giving us a chance to escape!” The male villager explained to Lachlan with a grin. “He’s…amazing!”
“Garth! He’s talking about Garth! He’s still alive!” Leslie breathed a sigh of relief with tears in her blue eyes. 
Lachlan shot Leslie a surprised look. Surprised and unnerved that she would shed tears for a male she barely knew. 
“We must hurry! Our clansman needs us!” Magnus shouted loudly to the shifters. “Hyah!” Magnus kicked his horse’s sides and surged ahead of the others with Leslie close behind. 
The shifter army entered the market square from a narrow side street and saw that Garth was still fighting the bandits. 
Leslie gasped at the sight before her and raised a hand in front of her mouth. There were over one hundred bodies of fallen raiders on the ground. The market square looked as if it’d been painted red with blood. “Oh Garth.” Her heart went out to Garth for having had to face such hardship all on his own.
Garth let out a ferocious roar as he bit the neck off a raider, and looked around for new prey. Anyone who stood in his way to the reiver boss would die. 
“Garth!” Leslie called out. “We’re here. We made it.”
Garth tuned and saw the entire shifter army at his back. Hell yes. Reinforcements. “It’s about bloody time.” The Hellcat replied in a low, growling voice. 
Leslie gave Garth a watery smile. “We’ve got your back. Always.”
“Finish their leader! Kill him!” Magnus ordered Garth with a small smile playing on his lips. 
Garth set his sights on the reiver leader. “Gladly, my Laird!” The Hellcat began to charge towards the leader. 
“Men! Kill him! Get that bloody shifter!” The reiver leader spat angrily with spit flying. 
Two reivers stood in Garth’s way and the Hellcat was about to attack them, when they were suddenly mowed out of his way by a charging bear shifter. Nice!
Garth kept on charging the leader as more reivers tried to get in his way, but his fellow shifters handled them. The Hellcat leapt at the reiver leader, who unsheathed his sword, and prepared to meet Garth’s attack. 
The demon tiger flew through the air, and his maw closed down around the leader’s sword as he knocked the man off his horse and to the ground. The Hellcat closed his maw and the man’s sword shattered. 
The leader quickly scrambled to his feet, and desperately held his hand out towards his nearby allies. “Sword! Quick you bloody imbeciles! Give me a sword!” 
A sword was tossed the leader’s way, and he caught it with ease. The leader charged Garth and attacked. The Hellcat dodged the sideways slash, but not quickly enough. The leader’s sword sliced into his upper arm. 
Crap. Garth was tiring. Fighting those one hundred reivers had finally taken its toll. His flames had gone out long ago. And this swordsman was fast and highly skilled. 
“GARTH!” A familiar male voice shouted loudly. 
Garth turned to see Rory holding the claymore the blacksmith had made for him. “Transform and finish him, Garth!” 
Garth nodded, and shifted from Hellcat form back into his human form. He started to charge the leader, and Rory threw the sword at Garth. Garth caught it effortlessly without even having to look in the direction it had been thrown from. He swung it at the leader’s head.
The leader raised his sword to block the attack, but Garth’s sword cut through the blade and then severed the leader’s head from his shoulders. 
“No…impossible.” The leader mouthed before his head toppled off his body. 
Garth raised his bloody sword high and let out a battle cry. “Argh!” 
Everyone turned to see that Garth had taken the leader’s head, and the shifters yelled out and cheered loudly. Those in their animal forms let out loud roars and growls. 
With their leader dead the reivers lost their will to fight, and began to drop to their knees and drop their weapons in surrender.  
Lachlan watched as the cowardly man in front of him dropped his sword, and put his hands up in front of him in a surrendering gesture. Lachlan arched an eyebrow at the man. He thinks he can surrender? Surrender my butt! He swung his sword at the reiver’s head. However-
A sword stopped Lachlan’s finishing blow. Lachlan gawked at the male who’d dared to stop him. Garth had stopped his blow with his sword. “Nay. We’ve had enough killing for one day, I think. Enough blood. Let’s show them mercy.” 
“Mercy?” Lachlan scoffed through gritted teeth. “You can’t be serious. These raiders deserve to die for the atrocities they’ve committed!” 
Garth shrugged. “Perhaps, but can I say I don’t deserve to die for what I have done? I am not free of sin either. My hands are also stained with blood now.” 
“Let anyone of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone.” Magnus quoted the Bible. “I agree with Garth…this battle is over. We have won! Victory!” He raised his sword high over his head. 
“Victory!” The shifters all yelled out loudly as they too raised their swords high over their heads. 
Lachlan lowered his sword and grit his teeth out of frustration. He couldn’t go against Magnus’s words, but soon, soon the self-righteous wolf would be dead, and he’d be in control of the clan. Then Clan MacWulver could stop playing nice with these lowly humans. He eyed the tattoo curse on Magnus’s neck. When would Magnus die? Just die already, Magnus! 
“Garth…you’re buck naked, you know?” Leslie called out in a coy tone. 
Garth flushed as suddenly all the eyes of the female shifters were upon him, and he covered himself with his hands. “Leslie! You wicked lass!” 
Leslie cackled gleefully. “Someone get our hero a plaid!” 
“Aye!” The shifters called back with amused grins on their faces. 
 ***
That night the front gate of Castle MacWulver was opened, and the villagers were invited to attend a victory party - celebrating the defeat of the reiver gang. 
The great hall was packed with humans and shifters seated at the long wooden dining tables while they ate and drank together. The shifters who’d arrived at the village and had faced the last of the reivers before Garth had defeated their leader and essentially ended the battle - were being treated like heroes that night. 
The shifter serving girls circulated among the tables with pitchers full of mead and ale, and made sure that everyone’s mug or tankard never went dry. 
The reivers who’d surrendered after the death of their leader had been taken prisoner and were currently being held down in the dungeons of Castle MacWulver. 
A band of shifter musicians was playing a happy, upbeat, fast-paced Scottish drinking song. And the sound of bagpipes, drums, fiddles and violins filled the great hall, creating a merry atmosphere. Several couples were dancing together, shifters with shifters and shifters with humans.
Leslie had been asked to dance by a human male, and was currently dancing with him across the makeshift dance floor. 
Garth shot a worried look Lachlan’s way, wondering if the dragon shifter would kill the poor human man. I wouldn’t want to be in that man’s shoes.
Lachlan sighed and raised an eyebrow at Garth when he noticed the Hellcat staring at him. “No need to worry. I won’t kill that unworthy human that’s dancing with my Leslie. I know that she seeks redemption, and that a relationship with me would be pointless. I understand that. But that doesn’t mean I have to like it.” 
Garth swallowed when he saw that Lachlan was unconsciously bending his tankard into a small steel ball. 
“More ale!” Lachlan held up his warped tankard and a serving wench with bunny ears on the top of her head quickly ran over and began to refill his tankard. 
“Aye, Milord.” The bunny shifter said with a flirtatious wink. 
Lachlan studiously ignored her advances and she left with a pout to refill the tankards and mugs of some of the other shifter males. 
A group of Lachlan’s friends, which consisted of two dragon shifters, a bear shifter and a frog shifter, waved in Lachlan’s direction and called him over. “Ah, my friends want me to go have a drink with them.” 
Garth raised his tankard in Lachlan’s direction obligingly. “Go on.” 
“If you’ll excuse me, Garth.” Lachlan said before standing up, and making his way over to his friends’ table.
Garth watched Lachlan go and watched as he joined his rowdy friends at the table. They were extremely loud and each of the other shifter males had a shifter female on their lap. 
Magnus had been dancing with a group of human females when the song stopped and he excused himself. He sank down in the chair next to Garth, his face ruddy and flushed. His blue eyes were sparkling, and there was a broad smile on his face. “Whew, those lassies sure can dance! I’m getting too old for this!” 
Garth raised an eyebrow at his Laird. “But you’re immortal.” 
Magnus just laughed loudly, and smiled at Garth. He turned to look at all of the shifters and humans celebrating together in the great hall. “Would you just look at it, Garth. Tis a wondrous sight - humans and shifters celebrating side by side. At peace. When I look at them…I see hope. Hope for my people. Salvation. Redemption.” 
A serving wench with cat ears on the top of her head brought Magnus a tankard of mead and he drank heartily from it. “Ah!” Magnus wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. Abruptly, his expression turned serious as he glanced at Garth. “What you did today, Garth, was an incredibly selfless and honorable act. You risked your immortal life to protect the human village and villagers. You protected my hope for my people. You protected my dream of peace between our two races. And for that I thank you.” 
Garth flushed at Magnus’s thanks and praise, and took a sip of his ale to hide his discomfort. “It was nothing, Milord. Nothing you wouldn’t have done. The village is under the clan’s protection. I know you would do anything to protect it. It is your duty and responsibility as Clan Chief.” 
Magnus nodded agreeably. “You’re right. When I see you look at the humans…I don’t see discrimination in your eyes, Garth. You accept the humans as equals. Don’t you?” 
Garth shrugged. “I don’t see that much of a difference between us.” 
Magnus grinned at Garth’s words. “I see, I see!” He thumped Garth proudly on the back. “I like the way you think, lad.” Magnus looked around to make sure no one was listening in on their conversation before lowering his voice. “That’s why I’ve been thinking…I want you to be my successor.” 
Garth had been taking another sip of ale and promptly spit it out. “What? But…you don’t need a successor. First of all, you’re immortal.” 
“Immortals can be killed, Garth. But there’s another reason why I need to choose a successor. I’ve been cursed, Garth.” Magnus rubbed his hand over the tattoo of black thorns around his neck. The flesh around the tattoo was red, swollen, and infected. 
“Cursed?” Garth’s brow furrowed in confusion. 
“Deep in the dark woods…there lives an evil, powerful Druidess. A witch. She’s the daughter of a Druid and a female vampire. Her name is Iona.” Magnus began to explain. 
Iona? Garth tried to keep a straight face. Magnus was talking about the witch he’d met in the woods. The witch with the bi-colored eyes that he’d had sex with, and let drink his blood. 
“Iona fell in love with me and when I refused her advances she drugged me and gave me this cursed tattoo.” Magnus pointed to the tattoo around his neck. “This tattoo will slowly decapitate my neck and there is nothing I can do to stop it.” The wolf shifter revealed softly. 
Magnus was dying. Garth shook his head, not wanting to believe it. “No. There must be a way to stop it. What if we ask Iona to cure you?” 
Magnus shook his head. “The witch will not listen to me. It is a hopeless case. I’m dying, Garth. I won’t last the month. That’s why I want you to become the next Clan Chief. The new leader of Clan MacWulver. I know you would protect my people and do what is right for them. I know you would protect their hope. I know you would help them all to find true love and to be redeemed.” 
A deep frown formed on Garth’s face. “What about Lachlan? I know he wants to lead.” Garth glanced over at Lachlan who was still drinking with his friends. He noted the admiring looks they were giving him. “The clansmen would follow him. So many respect and admire him. He’s very charismatic. He would make a good Clan Chief.” 
“Aye, he would make a good Clan Chief but not a great one. Lachlan looks down on the humans. He sees them as lesser beings. His love for Leslie has blinded him to the true path he must tread to redemption. I fear the direction in which Lachlan would take the clan. I fear everyone would stray from the righteous path. The path that leads to redemption. On the other hand, I know that you would protect my clan’s hope. I believe in you, Garth. And I trust you. That’s why I want to entrust this clan and the village to you.” Magnus reiterated. 
Garth glanced over at Lachlan again and noticed that the male was keeping an eye on Leslie. Lachlan was powerful and intelligent, but Magnus was right. He looked down on the humans, and would destroy the clan’s hope. Lachlan’s love for Leslie was guiding him down the wrong path. 
Garth didn’t know the first thing about love, but he understood the hope for redemption that it represented. The clan…needed love. Garth let out a heavy, defeated sigh. “Aye. I understand. I won’t let you down. I will protect this clan and the human village with my life.” 
Magnus’s blue eyes watered and he patted Garth’s arm affectionately. “I thank you, lad.” Now I can pass on in peace.
To be continued in…Candy 8: Payday




Chapter 8: Payday

At seven o’clock in the morning, Charming’s voice awoke Garth from his dreams and recollections. “Ahem. I hate to ask you for this favor, but since I don’t have a body right now, Sasha’s pets need to be fed and she needs to have her breakfast made for her. There’s a kitchen you can use down here in the lab.” 
Garth’s eyebrows rose up to his hairline. “Whoa, let me get this straight Tin Man. You want me to feed Sasha’s monster pets and cook her breakfast?”
“That is correct.” 
Garth smiled lopsidedly. “What’s the magic word, Mr. Perfect Boyfriend?” 
Charming grit his teeth. “P-Please.” 
Garth chuckled at the robot’s plight. He may have been enjoying this a little too much. “Alright, I’ll do it. Just tell me what to do.” He gently set Sasha down on the floor and Charming began to give him instructions. 
 ***
Sasha awoke to the sweet smell of pancakes. “Mmm.” Charming must have been cooking her breakfast again. She stretched her arms over her head. Charming…but Charming was in pieces! Sasha’s eyes flew open, and she sat up, peering around her laboratory. 
“Finally awake, my love?” Charming’s voice drew her attention and Sasha spotted his head sitting on the nearby worktable. “Garth is cooking you breakfast. Why don’t you go take a shower, get changed into some clean clothes, and join him for breakfast.” 
Sasha pushed herself up off the floor and straightened. “A shower?” She looked down at her blood-soaked dress. The veterinarian covered her mouth with her hand as bile rose up her throat, and tears stung her eyes. Her beloved pets…
In a dazed state, Sasha made her way to the bathroom that was located on the basement level. Sasha pulled a lot of all-nighters in her lab so it was not unusual for her to need to take a quick shower down there. That is if she remembered. 
Sasha took a quick shower, brushed her teeth and changed into a clean lab coatdress. She left the steaming bathroom and went to go find Garth. He was setting two plates of pancakes down on the table located in the small kitchen area. “Hey…good morning.” Sasha greeted Garth awkwardly. She wasn’t used to having a male down in her laboratory and especially not this early in the morning. 
Garth looked up, spotted Sasha, and grinned. “Morning. I made breakfast.” Something I thought I’d never do for a human female.
“I can see that.” Sasha walked over and took a seat at the table. She’d read Garth’s mind and so was extra appreciative of this gesture. 
“Don’t worry. I already fed your mon, er, pets.” Garth told Sasha reassuringly. 
Surprise flickered across Sasha’s blue gaze, and she looked Garth over for any injuries - such as a missing limb. “And you’re still alive?” 
Garth chuckled at her serious tone. “I think they like me.” 
A lopsided smile formed on Sasha’s face. “I suppose so.” She began to eat her pancakes and her eyes widened at the taste. They were really good - blueberry pancakes with whipped cream and fresh strawberries. “So you not only know how to make candy but you can cook too?” 
Garth nodded as he shoveled pancake into his mouth. “Aye. I learned how to bake, cook, and make desserts while in prison.” 
Sasha began to choke on her bite of pancake, grabbed her glass of orange juice, and chugged some down to clear her throat. “Prison? What did you do…uh….?” 
A dark expression fell over Garth’s face as he remembered. “I may have tossed a cop car into the air. But it was an accident really. I’d never seen a car before. I thought it was some kind of monster. And then I resisted arrest.” 
“Never seen a car before…?” Sasha’s brow furrowed in confusion. 
“I was the Red Priest’s prisoner for a very long time.” Garth admitted as his hands unconsciously clenched into fists. “By the time I escaped the arena and dungeons that had become all I knew…the world had changed drastically.” 
“I’m sorry.” Sasha gave the shifter a sympathetic look. “I hope you find that guy. He sounds like a real jerk!” 
Garth chuckled sardonically. “You can say that again, lass.” 
Garth and Sasha finished breakfast, and the veterinarian stood up from the table. “Can we go to the ocean now?” 
“Aye, lassie.” 
“I’ll go get the ashes-” Sasha was saying. 
But Garth interrupted her. “No need. I already got them ready for you.” Garth stood up from his seat at the table and walked over to a nearby worktable. He grabbed a large urn and carried it over to Sasha. “Here you go, lassie.” 
“Thank you.” Sasha hugged the ashes to her chest. The duo began to head towards the elevator. 
“Hey, wait…do you think you might fix me before you go, Sasha?” Charming called out with a hopeful note to his voice. 
“I’ll fix you when I get back, Charming.” Sasha said over her shoulder. 
“But…who’s going to protect you?” Charming asked, sounding worried. 
“Garth will…? I guess?” Sasha gave Garth a pensive look and tilted her head as she looked at him. 
“I will protect you, lass.” Garth said firmly. 
Charming watched Garth and Sasha get into the elevator together and frowned. “It sucks only being a head.” 
 ***
Garth took Sasha on his Ducati to the nearest beach he could think of. He remembered a nice spot where an isolated rock cliff overlooked the ocean, and he thought it would be the perfect spot for Sasha to scatter her pets’ ashes in the ocean breeze. 
Because it was December it was freezing out, and Garth could feel Sasha shivering behind him from the cold. She wrapped her arms more tightly around him as she sought his warmth. The shifter summoned his demonic powers and caused his body temperature to rise. That should help. 
Sasha noticed that Garth’s body temperature began to rise and smiled at his thoughtfulness. She rested her cheek against his back and basked in his warmth. 
It didn’t take them long to arrive at the cliff spot. Garth parked his Ducati a few yards away from the edge of the cliff, and they dismounted from the motorcycle. The sky was a gray-blue color with very little clouds, and the sun was just beginning to rise up over the horizon. 
Sasha approached the edge of the cliff and opened the urn she had with her. She poured some of the ashes into her hand and tossed them out over the crashing blue waves below. “Goodbye, my precious ones, and until we meet again. May your souls rest in peace.” Her blue eyes were shimmering with tears.  
Sasha continued to scatter the ashes until there were none left, and then she put the lid back on the empty urn. 
The sun was rising faster now, and as Garth watched Sasha scattering the ashes the sun seemed to illuminate her and surround her with a soft golden glow. The wind was whipping her long, exotic, pink hair around her shoulders. 
In that moment she looked…angelic. 
Even if she was wearing a lab coatdress and thigh-high leather boots. 
Garth’s body seemed to move of its own accord and walked over to her. He put his arm around her shoulders to offer her comfort as she silently cried over the loss of her monster pets. She loved them even though they were scary monsters. I bet they felt her love. Garth felt a strange feeling welling up inside of him at the thought. It was an unfamiliar feeling and one he couldn’t quite place. 
Afterwards, Garth took Sasha back to the clinic, and they parted ways. Sasha said she’d work on fixing Charming, and that if she finished his repairs quickly that she’d stop by his candy shop later. 
 ***
A new day at Helltastic Confectionary began with Garth standing behind the main display case waiting for customers to arrive that never did. Hours passed and Garth hit his head against the countertop out of frustration. 
That’s when the bell above the door jingled as the door opened. Garth looked up with a hopeful expression on his face, hoping that either Sasha or a customer had arrived. However, it was neither. 
It was Garth’s landlady and the owner of the Victorian-style building Garth was renting. Her name was Mrs. Claire Barks. And true to her name she was a dog person. She always had this obnoxious little dog with her too that wouldn’t stop barking at Garth any time it saw the shifter. And there it was - entering the store behind Mrs. Barks.
The little white, fluffy Pomeranian spotted Garth, narrowed its beady little eyes at him suspiciously, and began to yip at Garth in a most irritating fashion. 
Mrs. Barks was in her sixties, but she had a steeliness about her that belied her age. She wore her gray hair in a slick bob, and had sharp, brown eyes. Today she was wearing a black and gray designer skirt suit. The pencil skirt went down to her knees and she was wearing a pair of black stilettos. There was a red scarf tied around her neck in a very French manner, but Mrs. Barks was not French. 
Garth inexplicably found this particular human female to be rather intimidating. Bloody hell. It’s Mrs. Barks. And I still don’t have the rent I owe her. I’m already several months behind! “Ah…good afternoon, Mrs. Barks.” Garth greeted her nervously. 
Mrs. Barks stalked towards the display case with purposeful steps. “Hello Garth. I assume you know why I’m here. Do you have the rent you owe me?” She began to drum her fingers on the counter top of the display case and Garth noted her long, red nails. Those things could be used as weapons.
Garth swallowed. “I…don’t.” 
Mrs. Barks’s eyes flashed with anger. “You don’t. And even after I’ve given you so many extensions.” She looked around his shop curiously. “What do you do in here all day exactly? Stare at the wall? Watch porn on that laptop of yours?” She demanded coldly, and placed her hands on her hips. 
“No, Ma’am. I stand here and wait for the customers to arrive.” Garth explained. 
“Uh huh.” Mrs. Barks did not sound at all convinced. She made her way behind the display case, and tapped on the mouse to bring up what Garth had been looking at on his laptop computer. A web browser popped up that was currently displaying a YouTube page. It was a funny, cute, cat video. Mrs. Barks clicked on the video so that it began to play. She raised an eyebrow at the screen as the cat video began to play. “A cat video of a cat wearing a shark costume while riding on one of those Roomba cleaning robots. It has more than eleven million views. You have got to be kidding me.” The landlady rubbed at her temples with her index fingers. 
Garth’s face was flushed bright red out of embarrassment. 
Mrs. Barks spun to face Garth and began to jab her bony finger into his chest fearlessly. “You’re telling me that instead of actually working and trying to get customers that you’re in here watching cat videos all day? You’re a pathetic, lazy excuse for a man. What kind of man decides to run a candy shop anyways? A pervert. That’s who. I’m sick and tired of making allowances for you, Garth. You’re not my son. I have enough useless sons as it is! And I’ve given you more than enough chances to get me my rent! I want you out of here as soon as possible!” 
Garth’s spirits fell. This was it. The end of his candy shop Helltastic Confectionary. His friends were going to think he was so pathetic. His friend Levi had given him the money to start his own business, and in just a few months he’d managed to spend all the money and run his business into the ground. He made candy that didn’t sell, and had to throw it out when it went bad.  He also tended to break things a lot in his shop and kept having to pay for repairs and new glass candy jars. He’d been throwing money down the drain. 
Garth knew that he could ask his friend Levi for more money, but his pride wouldn’t allow it. Maybe he should start taking the money he earned at the fight clubs, he mused. Even if those ‘victories’ didn’t sit well with him at all. 
“Excuse me, but…it makes no sense to kick Garth out right now during the holiday season. Most small retail businesses make all of their money during the last few days leading up to Christmas. I’m sure it’s the same for this shop.” An intelligent female voice spoke up confidently. 
Garth and Mrs. Barks turned to see Sasha standing on the other side of the display case. Both were surprised that they hadn’t even noticed Sasha come in. Had Mrs. Barks been yelling that loudly? Garth wondered. Or was it the barking Pomeranian at her side that had blocked out Sasha’s entrance. 
The shifter glared down at the obnoxious little dog and it barked even louder. 
Mrs. Barks looked Sasha over from head-to-toe, taking in her odd, punky appearance, pink hair, thigh-high leather boots, white lab coatdress, and the goggles on the top of her head. “And you are?” The landlady asked in a condescending tone. 
“Dr. Sasha Robinovitch.” Sasha stuck out her hand for Mrs. Barks to take. 
“Doctor…?” Mrs. Barks murmured as she automatically shook Sasha’s hand as decorum demanded. “Are you a surgeon?” 
Sasha nodded. “Veterinarian, actually. I run my own pet clinic and have a pet shop too. That’s why I know a little bit about small retail business. It’s around this time of the year that my pet shop makes the most money. The people in this city love to buy their pets gifts for Christmas.” 
“Ah…Sasha’s Veterinary Clinic and Pet Shop. I’ve actually shopped there. You have a wonderful selection of products. You have a keen eye for buying, young lady.” Mrs. Barks admitted grudgingly. 
Sasha’s lips curled into a serene smile. “Thank you. I love animals, so I try to have the best possible products for them. Anyways, the people in this city also like to buy candy as gifts during the holidays. And Garth has some…special new products planned for Christmas. He’ll be able to pay you back all the money he owes you after Christmas - guaranteed.” She boasted. 
Garth’s golden eyes grew wide at Sasha’s declaration. Special new products? What the hell is she talking about?
Mrs. Barks turned her scrutinizing attention upon Garth, and narrowed her eyes at him in a suspicious manner. “Is this true? You have some special new products planned for the holidays?” 
Garth had no choice but to agree, and nodded. “Aye…very special.” 
Mrs. Barks turned her attention back to Sasha. “And what is your relation to Garth exactly?” 
Sasha blinked. “I’m his best customer. I love his handmade candy. It’s very delicious. Have you ever tried it?”  
Mrs. Barks flinched guiltily. “Well, no…I haven’t.” She admitted. 
Sasha smiled dreamily, and walked over to a steel bucket with several animal-shaped lollipops displayed within. She pulled out a lollipop shaped like a Dalmatian and carried it back to Mrs. Barks. “Here. My treat.” Sasha said as she handed Mrs. Barks the lollipop. 
Mrs. Barks looked down at it in surprise. “How did you know I also have a Dalmatian?” 
A secret smile curled Sasha’s lips. “A hunch.” I read her Pomeranian’s mind.
Mrs. Barks unwrapped the lollipop, put it into her mouth, licked, and sucked. She moaned. It was very good. The lollipop was made up of more than one flavor, matching the colors on the dog: white coconut, black licorice and red cherry. “This is surprisingly excellent.”  
“You see, once people try Garth’s candy they’ll probably buy out this entire store!” Sasha was saying as she continued to pet Mrs. Bark’s Pomeranian, which had finally stopped barking. “Isn’t that right, you cute little thing?” Sasha cooed to the dog in a baby voice. 
Mrs. Barks raised an eyebrow at the sight. She hadn’t noticed Sasha approach her dog and Snowflake wasn’t very friendly with strangers. How odd. “Well, I suppose you’re right, Dr. Robinovitch.” The landlady let out a defeated sigh, and shot Garth an exasperated look. “I expect to see great things happening here during the holidays. You have until after Christmas, Garth. This is your last chance.” She wagged her finger at the shifter. 
“Thank you very much, Mrs. Barks. I won’t let you down.” Garth said firmly. 
“Hmph! You had better not.” Mrs. Barks made her way around the display case and headed for the door. She exited along with her Pomeranian and closed the door behind her. 
Sasha and Garth both let out sighs of relief once Mrs. Barks had left the shop, and they could breathe easier. She had an overwhelming presence. Sasha and Garth looked at each other, and started to laugh. “You saved me back there, lass. Thanks.”
“No problem.” Sasha responded airily. 
“So what are you doing here? Need more candy?” 
“Well, I managed to finish Charming’s repairs and I said I might stop by afterwards. Also, I wanted to give you a little present for saving my life.” Sasha held out a shopping bag towards Garth. 
“You didn’t have to get me anything.” Garth said as he took the bag. 
Sasha smiled in a spacey manner. “But I wanted to. I think this gift will solve your problem.” 
“Problem?” 
“Open it up and see.” 
Garth reached into the bag, and pulled out a headband with a pair of fuzzy, orange and black cat ears. There was also a matching tail. A muscle in Garth’s jaw ticked in irk. “You got me a cat ear headband?” 
Sasha nodded and reached out to grab the headband from Garth’s hands. Before he could stop her she put the headband right on Garth’s head. “There. You see, perfect.” 
“What’s perfect?” Garth asked in a grumpy tone. He probably looked like an idiot.
“You’re not scary anymore. Now you’re just…cute!” Sasha nodded to herself. 
Garth slapped a hand to his forehead and groaned. “You can’t be serious. I feel like an idiot with these things on my head.” 
“But…you don’t want to keep scaring your customers away, do you?” Sasha asked insistently. “If you wear those the girls won’t be afraid of you anymore.” 
Garth frowned thoughtfully. Did I talk to Sasha about my worries? I can’t remember. She reads me like an open book. The shifter scratched his head and sighed. “Sasha…I appreciate the thought, but this will never work-” Garth was saying when the bell above the front door jingled and a group of three young women stepped inside. 
The girls looked over at the display case, and up at Garth. Their eyes widened at his height and intimidating, thuggish appearance. That is until they noticed the fuzzy cat ears on the top of his head. The girls giggled shyly, and began to browse around the shop and chatter amongst themselves. 
Garth’s jaw dropped at their reaction. No frickin way…it worked? 
The three young women picked out various candy products and carried them over to the counter so that Garth could ring them up. After the girls had paid for their purchases, and Garth had handed them their shopping bags, they turned to leave. But then one girl turned back around and looked at Garth. “Um…” She began in a shy, hesitant manner. 
“Yes?” Garth prompted her. 
“May I please take a selfie with you?” The girl blurted out quickly before she lost her nerve. 
Garth blinked at the brown-haired girl in shock. “Aye. Go ahead, lassie.” 
“Yay! Thanks!” The brunette scooted over to the display case, and with her back to Garth snapped a photo of herself with Garth in the background. She spun around and thanked Garth again. “Thank you so much. My friends are going to be so jealous!” She ran over to her friends, who were standing by the door waiting for her. “Did you hear him call me, lassie?” 
“His Scottish accent is so dreamy.” One of the other girls said. “He reminds me of Gerard Butler.”
“Those cat ears are so cute!” The third girl giggled.  
The three girls left the shop, and Sasha and Garth looked at each other before grinning. 
“It worked.” The amazement was obvious in Garth’s tone of voice. 
“You see, I told you. You’re just a big ‘ol kitty cat, but you had to show them that.” Sasha reached out and touched one of the fuzzy cat ears. It filled her with nostalgia as if she’d done this somewhere before. 
Garth held up his hand for Sasha to give him a high-five. “Up high, lass.” 
Sasha hit his hand and stumbled forward slightly.
Garth grabbed Sasha’s hand before it could leave his and curled his fingers around it. He looked down into her eyes, a fierce expression on his face. “I really owe you one, Sasha.” 
“Not at all.” 
“But what am I going to do about coming up with a special new product?” Garth groaned and let go of Sasha’s hand. 
Sasha’s hand was still tingly from Garth having held it. “I might actually be able to help you with that. You’d be surprised by how similar chemistry and genetic engineering and making candy are.” There was a mischievous twinkle in Sasha’s blue eyes. 
“You know how to make candy?” Garth gave her a skeptical look. 
“No…not yet. But how hard can it be! Besides, I won’t be making normal candy, but special candy.” Sasha laughed in a giddy manner. 
In that instant Sasha was really reminding Garth of a mad scientist. “Uh, maybe you shouldn’t.” Garth had a bad feeling about this. 
“Nonsense.” Sasha waved her hand airily through the air. “You saved my life, Garth. And I’m the one who opened by big mouth and compromised you to Mrs. Barks to come up with a new product, so helping you is the least I can do. I know I’ll think of something.” The mad scientist tapped her chin as she began to brainstorm a few ideas. 
Garth gave her a worried look. He had a really bad feeling about this. “Uh, Sasha-”
The bell above the door jingled and another group of young women stepped inside. They looked at Garth and giggled. “It’s true…he’s really wearing cat ears.” 
“Hey, everything in here looks so good. Let’s look around.” One of the girls suggested. 
“Okay.” The other girls agreed. The group of women began to browse while shooting Garth shy looks and glances. It was unreal. Garth felt like he’d fallen into The Twilight Zone. 
The group of women purchased various candy products and left. It wasn’t long before Garth had more customers and then even more. Word of mouth was a scary thing. The candy shop was packed in less than an hour, and Sasha began to get pushed towards the door. She didn’t mind though. She was just happy Garth was finally getting customers. 
Sasha looked at the young women who were sneaking shy, curious and even amorous glances Garth’s way. She felt a twinge of something…irritation, maybe? It didn’t look like Garth needed her anymore, so she decided she’d just go. 
Sasha started for the door, but some of the more aggressive customers were pushing their way into the shop as she was trying to exit. When Sasha finally managed to squeeze by them she ended up getting shoved off the top step. “Eek!” She fell forward and got ready to land flat on her face on the sidewalk. This was going to hurt. 
However, she ended up falling into someone’s outstretched arms. Ehhh? 
“Nice catch, Mal!” A female voice with a lilting southern accent praised. 
Sasha looked up to see who’d caught her, and her eyes widened at the tall Goth man. He had long, straight black hair, and sparkling emerald green eyes that looked like gems. His face and hands had been painted white, and he had black lipstick on. The Goth was wearing tight, black leather from head-to-toe with lots of straps and buckles. Eek! A Goth man! 
Sasha glanced over at the woman who’d spoken, and was surprised when she actually recognized her. “Becca?” 
Rebecca Thorn was a Druidess Vampire Hunter who’d let Sasha know about how the city of San Francisco was threatened by a Zombie Apocalypse. She was the one who’d given Sasha a sample of the zombie virus, so that she could come up with a cure. 
As always, Becca was looking extremely stylish. She was wearing a black and red dress, a red peacoat, red scarf, red beret, and a pair of black leather knee boots. Becca was currently giving the Goth man a thumbs-up. 
Malakye’s eyes had widened like flying saucers at having a human female suddenly end up in his arms. What the? Is it raining human females? Mal looked up at the sky quizzically. 
Becca nodded and offered Sasha a friendly smile. “Yep, it’s me. It’s good to see you again, Sasha. You’re looking… good. Well, I mean you’re a total fashion emergency, but besides that you look good. We saw what you did in there for Garth.”
Sasha frowned thoughtfully. “You guys were spying on us?” 
“Yep.” Becca agreed, unrepentant. “It’s like a miracle that he has so many customers and it’s all thanks to you! Oh, Malakye, this is Dr. Sasha Robinovitch. Sasha, I’d like you to meet my friend Malakye Sterling. He’s a bit shy, and doesn’t do well around people he doesn’t know. So please don’t be offended by that.”
Malakye looked down at Sasha. Awkward. “Uh…hello.” 
“Hello.” Sasha said back. 
Malakye’s brow furrowed suddenly as he stared down into the eyes of this strange human female. “Hey…there’s something different about you.” Malakye began to probe Sasha’s mind. Can you hear me? Malakye questioned in his mind-voice. 
Sasha’s eyes widened as she heard Malakye’s voice in her head clearly. Yes. You can use telepathy?
Yes…and so can you apparently. 
Not really. Well, it’s complicated. I can read the minds of animals and nonhumans. I can’t read the minds of normal humans though.  
How interesting. And you…you’re a normal human though, right? 
As far as I know. Sasha replied with a mental shrug. 
Malakye probed Sasha’s mind further sensing something and came upon a gigantic pair of double doors that were blocking most of Sasha’s memories. What the? How strange. Are you suffering from memory loss? 
Yes. I have no memories past four years ago. 
I can see this door in your mind…
A door?
Do you want me to open it?
You could do that?
Yes, if you wish it. Although it might be painful…and maybe you’ve blocked those memories for an important reason. 
Sasha considered Malakye’s offer, but then shook her head. All she sensed past that door was fear and pain. I’m not ready to remember my past yet. 
I understand. 
Becca hit Malakye over the back of his head with a bonk! “Would you let her go already? What if Garth sees you? She belongs to Garth!” 
“Ah…sorry.” Malakye released Sasha, and was glad the white makeup on his face was hiding his sudden blush. 
To Becca it had appeared as though Malakye and Sasha had been silently staring at each other for a few minutes. She couldn’t have known they’d been communicating with each other telepathically. 
“No problem.” Sasha turned to Becca. “What did you mean by what you just said?” 
“Oh, that you’re Garth’s?” A cat’s paw smile formed on Becca’s face. “It sounds like you and Garth have been spending a lot of time together recently. Do you like him? Are you crushing on him?” She asked bluntly. 
Malakye blushed beneath his makeup at Becca’s frankness. “Becca!” His tone was scandalized. 
“Crushing?” Sasha’s lips curled into a spacey smile. “It’s not like that. We’re just friends. Besides, I already have a boyfriend. I just finished putting him back together actually.” 
Malakye and Becca shared a quizzical look. “Boyfriend? What do you mean you put him back together? Don’t tell me you’re talking about some kind of fancy vibrator?” Becca asked in amusement. “Or dildo?” 
Sasha’s cheeks turned pink at Becca’s lewd suggestion. “No! Do you remember the Perfect Boyfriend Project I told you about?” 
“Yeah.” Becca replied. 
“Well, my boyfriend is a robot. I built him myself and developed his AI. He really is perfect. He can cook gourmet meals, he cleans the lab for me, knows how to drive, gives me really good massages, he’s sensitive, writes me love poems…” Sasha continued to gush about her robot boyfriend with a dreamy expression on her face. 
Malakye raised an eyebrow at Sasha. “Are you being serious right now? You built a robot?” I estimated that it would take humans at least another millennia before they could develop an actual self-thinking, self-evolving AI. Just how smart is this human female?
Sasha nodded serenely. “Yes. If you don’t believe me I can call him to pick me up.” 
Becca waved her hand dismissively through the air. “We believe you. We know you’re a genius. After all you saved this city from a Zombie Apocalypse!” 
Malakye was giving Sasha an impressed look. “Hey, so what’s his designation, or name? Does he have any superpowers? Hidden weapons?” 
“His name is Charming. He knows more than one hundred different forms of martial arts. As for hidden weapons…maybe I should add some.” The mad scientist tapped her chin in thought.  
“A hidden gun could be useful.” Malakye suggested excitedly. “His fingers could be gun barrels.” 
“Ooo good idea. I like how you think, Mal.” Sasha praised. 
Malakye rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly, feeling embarrassed. He wasn’t used to praise. He laughed nervously and then snorted. 
“Yes, yes…a robot is cool and everything, but he’s still just a robot.” Becca waved her hand dismissively through the air again, and Sasha noticed her long red nails with little gems on them in the form of small hearts. “You should really date Garth instead.” 
Sasha frowned. “But it’s not like that. We’re friends.” 
“Yes, yes, you’ve said that already.” Becca looked Sasha’s outfit over, and clucked her tongue. “The way you’re dressed it’s no wonder Garth doesn’t see you as a woman and only as a friend. You need a makeover!” 
Sasha grew nervous at the mention of a makeover. She’d given up trying to look feminine four years ago. 
“Don’t you think so, Mal?” Becca asked Malakye while giving him an expectant look. 
“Uh…I get the feeling I’m not allowed to disagree with you here.” Malakye gulped nervously. “So…yeah.” 
Becca clapped her hands together. “Great. Then it’s settled. Sasha, you’re coming with us! You’re going to get a head-to-toe makeover!” 
Sasha tried to run, but Becca caught her using her swift vampire hunting reflexes. “And just where do you think you’re going?” 
“Home?” Sasha tried. 
“Oh no, not yet you don’t.” There was a glint in Becca’s lime-green eyes. “You’re about to become my greatest masterpiece.” Becca snapped a picture of Sasha with her smart phone. 
Sasha’s eyes stung at the sudden light being flashed in her eyes. “What…?” 
Becca checked how the photo had turned out on her phone and nodded, pleased with how it had turned out. “This will be the ‘before’ pic. I’ll put it up at my new fashion blog. And then I’ll post your transformation photo afterwards. My fans are going to love this!” 
Why me? Sasha internally groaned. 
Becca and Malakye dragged Sasha to a popular clothing store founded by former Kiss stylist Hope Collings called Marmalade. It was located in the calm San Francisco neighborhood known as Cow Hollow. The clothes were trendy and affordable with plenty of deals under a hundred bucks. 
Becca started to make Sasha try various outfits on. Malakye was feeling oddly guilty that he was getting to see the cute Sasha in all these different outfits, and not his best friend Garth. 
Malakye was pretty sure Garth liked Sasha. Even if the stubborn shifter hadn’t figured that out on his own yet. Malakye couldn’t forget the tender look on Garth’s face when he’d talked about Sasha during Men’s Poker Night. He was sure Garth didn’t realize what kind of face he’d been making either. 
When Sasha exited from behind the dressing room curtain wearing a flowing, white dress with pink flowers on it, Malakye knew they’d found the right outfit. It made Sasha look positively angelic. “That one.” Malakye spoke up for the first time that whole hour. 
Becca stroked her chin as she looked at Sasha, and walked around the pink-haired girl to inspect the dress. “I agree. It’s perfect. But those boots have to go.” She snapped her fingers in a sassy gesture. 
“My boots?” Sasha hadn’t worn anything other than her thigh-high black leather knee boots for the past four years. Boots were useful for when you had to kick a pervert in the nuts or run away from an enemy. 
Becca noticed Sasha’s panicked expression. “Don’t worry, you can keep them. But you’re just not going to wear them with that dress.” 
Sasha let out a sigh of relief. 
Their next stop was JIMMY CHOO, where Becca picked Sasha out a pair of stylish, strappy, white and silver sandals. Sasha took off her boots, put them into a bag, put on the sandals, and stood up. 
“Spin around for me, Sasha.” Becca said as she twirled her finger through the air. 
Sasha did as she was told and spun around in the dress, she would have run into a shelving unit filled with shoes if Malakye hadn’t swiftly caught her. “Whoa, there.” 
“Thanks, Mal.” Sasha said dizzily. The entire shoe store was spinning. 
“Now we just have to do something about that hair.” Becca piped up. 
Malakye just realized something that was probably pretty important. “Uh…Becca? The outfit she’s wearing is more of a summer outfit. And it’s the dead of winter. She’s going to be freezing in it.” 
Becca waved her hand dismissively through the air. “Freezing, smeezing. Beauty is pain, Malakye.” She nodded knowingly. 
“Uh…okay.” Malakye gave Becca a strange look. Women. Will I ever understand them?
“Next stop - James Colgan!” Becca announced. 
“Who’s that?” Sasha questioned. 
“The best hairdresser in San Francisco, that’s who.” Becca praised. 
Becca dragged Sasha and Malakye to her new favorite hair salon: James Colgan. They entered right away and when James spotted Becca, his eyes lit up and he walked over to greet her. “Well, if it isn’t Rebecca Thorn. What brings you here today?” 
“I have a fashion, well, I guess you’d call it a hair emergency.” Becca said as she waved her hand in Sasha’s direction. 
James turned to look at Sasha and did a double take when he took in her unruly, messy mass of pink hair. “You could say that again. But you’ve definitely come to the right place. Come with me, young lady. I’ll wash your hair first.” James began to guide Sasha over to the row of padded leather chairs that had sinks behind them. 
“See what you can do about that frizziness.” Becca called after them. 
“You got it.” James called over his shoulder. 
James Colgan was an artsy, middle-aged man with a stylish goatee. He had a confident air about him. He washed Sasha’s hair with an almond-scented shampoo and then conditioned her hair. He ended up conditioning her hair again in order to get the knots out of her hair. He clucked his tongue at the state Sasha’s hair was in, and almost fainted when he found a piece of coiled wire in her hair from when she’d been doing the repairs on Charming. He also found something else. “Is this a paperclip?” James shook his head and tossed it aside.
After James was finished washing Sasha’s hair he guided her over to a chair in front of a large mirror. “What kind of haircut would you like, young lady?” 
Becca approached them and spoke up before Sasha could answer. “You know what you’re doing, James. So just make her look good. Oh, and keep the length.” 
“You got it.” James spun his scissors around his fingers before setting to work creating a new style for Sasha. He gave her some face-framing layers and cut her hair so that it went down in a V-shape in the back. Half an hour later, he was blowing drying and styling her hair. Sasha’s messy pink hair was completely transformed into soft waves. 
James fingered a lock of Sasha’s hair. “Your hair is a lot softer than I thought it would be. I actually expected it to be much more damaged since you dye it that pink color.” 
“It’s not dyed.” Sasha objected. “Pink is my natural hair color.” 
James laughed in amusement at Sasha’s outlandish words. “You’re funny, young lady!”
Sasha frowned but decided to remain silent. No one ever believed her about her hair anyways. And she wasn’t about to prove him wrong by showing him that the carpet matched the drapes. 
Becca clapped her hands together when James announced that he was finished. “Oh, I love it. It’s perfect. You’re a magic worker, James.” She was standing in front of the mirror and blocking it from Sasha’s view.
“She looks beautiful.” Malakye agreed in a soft, shy voice. 
Before Sasha could even look at her reflection in the mirror to see her finished look, she was being whisked away by a woman named Erika who wanted to do Sasha’s makeup. Erika was a pretty young woman with short blonde hair, who was wearing a black tank top and black mini skirt that hugged her curves. 
Erika sat Sasha down on a chair and began to work her magic. Becca made a few suggestions, and when Erika was done, Becca whipped out her phone and snapped a picture. “There, now I have your ‘after’ picture. You look great. I want you to dress like this when you go and visit Garth at his shop tomorrow, okay?” 
“If you insist.” Sasha agreed obligingly with a nod. “We’re just friends though.” She felt the need to add once again. “I’m going to call Charming to come pick me up. That way you guys will get to meet him.” 
“Yes!” Malakye cheered goofily, doing a fist pump. 
Becca raised an eyebrow at Malakye’s antics and he bashfully lowered his fist. 
Sasha called Charming to come and pick her up, and she gave him the address of the hair salon. Twenty minutes later, a red convertible was pulling up directly in front of the building the salon was in, and in front of Sasha, Malakye and Becca who’d been waiting outside. 
A handsome blonde man got out of the convertible, and approached Sasha. He was tall, lithely muscled, had stylish blonde hair, and was wearing a pair of dark designer sunglasses. Charming was wearing a dark blue suit, and fancy dress shoes. He whipped his sunglasses off to reveal his bright sky-blue eyes, and addressed Sasha: “Sasha, my love, what are you doing out in the cold dressed like that?” Charming’s tone was chiding. He removed his coat and smoothly wrapped it around Sasha’s shoulders. 
Malakye gawked at the handsome man. He looked like some kind of model or movie star. He’s so cool. That was so smooth just now. What a lady killer! I need to take notes! Malakye whipped out a small notepad and began to jot down how the robot had wrapped his coat around Sasha’s shoulders because she was cold. 
“Thanks, Charming.” Sasha said in her usual spacey manner. 
“Charming!” Becca and Malakye both burst out as they realized this handsome, prince-like, gentlemanly man was a robot. 
“Then he’s…” Malakye looked around nervously and lowered his voice. “A robot?” 
“Yes. He’s perfect.” Sasha gushed. 
Malakye looked at Charming and smiled lopsidedly. “Cool.” 
Becca hit Malakye over the back of his head with a whack! “Now is not the time to be impressed with Garth’s love rival! Look at Sasha…she looks like she’s totally in love with him. She’s lost in fantasy and delusion. What are we going to do about this?” Becca hissed in a low voice to Malakye. 
“Ow. What are we going to do?” Malakye frowned and looked at the dreamy way Sasha was looking at Charming. “I dunno…he looks like he’s in love with her too. Should we really get involved?” 
“Mal, that’s a robot.” Becca rolled her eyes. “A robot. His feelings for her aren’t real. They’re…some kind of program or something.” 
“Hmm.” Malakye stroked his chin thoughtfully. “I wonder if the AI has free will?”
“Free will?” Becca scoffed. “You’re giving that thing too much credit, Mal.”  
“Guys, I’d like you to meet my boyfriend, Charming. Charming this is Becca and Malakye.” Sasha made the introductions. “They gave me a makeover today. It was a little scary but…also fun.” 
“I can see that.” Charming raked his eyes over Sasha hotly. “And may I say - you look absolutely gorgeous, Sasha. Pastel colors suit you.” 
Sasha blushed. “Thank you, Charming.” 
Becca’s eyes widened as she realized her plan to make Garth notice Sasha…had just caused a romantic moment to happen between her and the robot. Whoops! What have I done? 
“Well, someone noticed Sasha alright.” Malakye put in, smirking. 
“Oh, shut up. I know.” Becca chewed on one of her acrylic nails fretfully. “I won’t give up so easily. I’m going to match up Sasha and Garth one-way or the other! You’ll see, Mal.” 
“Uh huh.” Malakye replied dryly. 
Charming got in behind the wheel of the convertible, and Sasha got in the passenger’s seat. Becca and Malakye watched as they drove off looking like the perfect in-love couple. 
“They look good together.” Malakye said to Becca teasingly. 
“Shut it.” Becca snapped. “My ship isn’t going down this easily!” 
 ***
Around six o’clock PM things finally began to calm down in Garth’s shop, and he was able to take a breather. “Phew.” Finally alone again. Garth looked around his shop and wondered when Sasha had left. It had probably been sometime during all that commotion. “I wonder when Sasha left…?” Garth let out a disappointed sigh. “She didn’t even buy any candy for herself, just that lollipop for Mrs. Barks.” 
“You miss her, don’t you?” A gruff male voice teased from beside Garth. 
“Ah!” Garth jumped and turned to see that Gabriel had materialized next to him. “Dude, don’t do that. You almost gave me a heart attack. How long have you been here anyways? You invisible nuisance.” 
Gabriel crossed his arms over his chest and looked smug. “Oh…since Sasha put that headband on your head, and you actually let her.”
Garth’s golden eyes widened. “That long? Bloody hell. I totally didn’t sense your presence.” 
A sly grin curled Gabriel’s lips. “It looks like things are progressing between you two nicely.” 
“What?” Garth raised an eyebrow at the angel. “No.” He shook his head. “You’ve got it all wrong. We’re just friends.” 
Gabriel put his hands out before him in a helpless gesture. “You are so thickheaded. When will you get a clue? Sasha is-” Gabriel was saying when the bell above the door jingled and in stepped Dominic Wilde. 
Dominic was wearing a long, black and gray wool trench coat with large round buttons, a white scarf, and shiny dress shoes. His purple hair was combed back into a ponytail. The only piercings Dominic had in were his ear piercings and his lip piercing. “Hey Garth, I-” Dominic stopped himself mid-sentence when he caught sight of Gabriel. 
A mischievous, sensual smile curled Dominic’s lips. “Well, what do we have here? A handsome Archangel.” Dominic sashayed over to the display case and leaned over the counter to close the distance between him and Gabriel. 
Gabriel gave Dominic a disgusted look and his lip curled. “What are you doing here, perverted vampire?” 
“I’m here to give Garth some information on another underground fight club. And to retrieve my payment. Although Garth never has any money to give me.” Dominic chuckled in amusement and pouted cutely. 
“Ah, I can pay you today actually.” Garth made his way over to the register, hit the ‘no sale’ button and grabbed a few hundred-dollar bills, which he handed to Dominic. “Here.” 
Dominic took the money with a wide-eyed expression on his face. “You actually made money? What happened…?” Dominic then noticed the cat ears on the top of Garth’s head. “Ah…cat ears. I’ve used those before. Apparently they work on men and women.” 
Garth flushed. “That’s…!” 
“Disgusting pervert.” Gabriel sneered at the vampire. 
Dominic reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a piece of paper, which he handed to Garth. “Here. The biker from last night was a fountain of knowledge.” 
Garth took the folded piece of paper and stuck it into his jeans pocket. “Thanks, man. I’m surprised you were able to seduce such as standoffish looking guy. You’re…okay?” The shifter questioned awkwardly. 
Dominic smiled lackadaisically. “Of course. More importantly he let me suck his blood so…I guess can live another day.” 
Gabriel was frowning at Dominic, and suddenly reached out and pulled the white scarf off his neck. 
“Hey!” Dominic objected, as a deep purple bruise was revealed around the vampire’s neck. He looked like he’d been strangled by a rope. 
“Tch…you’re not okay, idiot.” Gabriel growled angrily. 
Garth looked guilty. “Hellfire. That doesn’t look so good.” 
Dominic laughed at the two males and smiled brightly. “You guys are so funny! This is nothing! Nothing. Besides, I’m an immortal vampire now…this will heal up in no time. Don’t make a big deal about nothing.” 
“Nothing…” Gabriel trailed off with a dark look on his face. 
A serious look fell over Garth’s face. “I told you not to do anything you didn’t want to do.” 
Dominic sighed. “And I haven’t. It’s my…lifestyle choice, Garth. I know what I’m doing. You don’t need to worry about me. I only do things I want to do.” He offered Garth a reassuring smile. 
“Sicko.” Gabriel said under his breath. 
“You know you want me.” Dominic blew Gabriel a kiss. 
Gabriel shuddered. “I’ve heard enough of this nonsense.” The Archangel announced and looked at Garth. “And you should give up on this obsession of yours to find the Red Priest, and concentrate on your new friendship with Sasha. Farewell, idiots.” Gabriel turned invisible, and a few seconds later the shop door opened and then closed. 
Dominic pouted at Gabriel’s hasty departure. “Aw, he left already. He’s my favorite eye candy, you know? But wow…he really hates me, huh? But, I guess I should be used to being hated.” 
“He doesn’t hate you.” Garth found himself quickly denying at the sight of the forlorn look on Dominic’s face. “Gabriel…can be a real jerk. And you should never get used to people insulting you like that. You’re a cool guy, Dominic. You deserve better.” 
Dominic blushed at Garth’s kind words. “Oh man, if you weren’t straight I might fall for you, Garth Mackenzie. Sorry. I’d better go. Good luck tonight. I hope you find the answers you’re looking for. And good luck with ‘Sasha’. Whoever she is! Mwha!” The vampire tossed Garth a kiss and a wink before turning and heading for the door. 
“Hey Dominic?” Garth called after him. He threw a Payday candy bar that the vampire caught using his supernatural reflexes easily. 
“Yes?” The vampire glanced over his shoulder.
“Thanks. And uh, see you soon.” Garth said awkwardly. 
Dominic beamed. “See you around, honey.” He unwrapped the candy bar and took a bite out of the peanuts, caramel, and nougat, and moaned. A payday had never tasted so good. 
To be continued in…Candy 9: Pixie Stix




Chapter 9: Pixie Stix

Garth headed over to that night’s fighting location on his Ducati, which turned out to be an abandoned, four-story office building. The first three levels had broken windows and no lights were shinning from within. The fourth floor, however, had a bunch of lights on and if Garth didn’t know better it sounded like there was a party being held on the top floor.
Garth approached the front door, opened it, and stepped cautiously inside, his senses on high alert. He didn’t want to get tranqed again. He passed through the foyer and entered into the main room where he spotted four young men who looked like fellow street fighters. They were similarly dressed in T-shirts, leather jackets, jeans, and sneakers. 
The shifter stood there glaring at his potential opponents while they glared back at him until one of the four men pointed his finger at Garth. “Ah! It’s you!” He exclaimed, his pale green eyes sparkling with excitement. 
Garth turned his full attention to the young man who he recognized as being the same young man who’d been tossed into the shark tank with him during the last ‘Death Game’. The kid looked younger than Garth remembered. He had his blonde hair cut into a punky style with the sides razored, and the front was gelled forward almost like a pompadour. He was pretty tall at six-four and had a muscular build. The kid was wearing a ratty T-shirt, frayed jeans, and sneakers that had obviously seen better days. Garth approached the kid. “What are you doing here, lad? I thought you’d learned your lesson after what happened last time.” 
The young man shrugged lackadaisically. “I need the money…so here I am.” 
Garth raised an eyebrow at the kid. “How old are you anyways?” 
Danny puffed out his chest. “I’m seventeen.” 
Garth shook his head despairingly. “Seventeen? You really are just a brat.” He let out a heavy sigh. “What’s your name, lad?” He vaguely recalled the emcee from the former match calling out the kid’s name but Garth couldn’t remember what it had been. 
“I’m Danny Dangerfield.” Danny grinned boyishly as he jabbed a thumb into his chest. 
Ah, now I remember that cheesy name. “Garth Mackenzie.” Garth put out his hand. Danny looked down at it in surprise and shook Garth’s hand. “Just stick with me, lad, and you may get out of this thing alive.” 
Danny grinned at Garth. “I can’t argue with that. You’re tough.” 
“Ah, the last of our special guests have arrived. I will now explain to you gentlemen the rules of tonight’s Death Game.” A male voice echoed throughout the first floor. 
Garth looked around the empty room to see where the voice was coming from and noticed speakers attached to the walls. 
“But first, I would like you all to open the cardboard box that’s on the floor, and put on the red T-shirts you’ll find inside.” The arbiter directed the group of street fighters. 
Danny walked over to the box that the others were all eyeing with suspicion, and fearlessly opened it. It could have been a bomb and could have blown him to smithereens, but Danny didn’t care. He didn’t have anything to lose anyways. As luck would have it, it was filled with five red T-shirts. “Just T-shirts…no bombs, guys.” Danny grabbed two of the shirts, and made his way back over to Garth. 
The three other fighters made their way over to the box, and each grabbed a T-shirt. All five men put the red T-shirts on. 
“Excellent.” Came the arbiter’s voice again. He was obviously watching them from the cameras that had been set up on the first floor. “Today’s Death Game is a dogfight between two teams. The Red Team versus the Blue Team. Your objective is to get to the top floor of this building before the other team does. The winning team gets five thousand dollars.” 
“Five thousand dollars! Sweet!” Danny fist pumped the air. 
“Sounds too good to be true.” Garth said cryptically. “I wonder what the catch is.” 
“The Red Team is a group of street fighters. The Blue Team is a group of professional armed mercenaries.” The arbiter revealed. 
Garth nodded knowingly. “And there’s the catch.” 
“Armed?” Danny looked around the first floor wildly. “Crap! Where are they?” 
“The fight will be starting in five…four…three…” The arbiter began the ominous countdown. 
“We’re so screwed.” One of the street fighters groaned. 
“No, we’re not. Not yet.” Garth spoke up in a firm tone as he waved his hand through the air. “Look, guys, I have a bulletproof vest on, so…I want you all to use me as a shield as we make a mad dash for the stairs over there which lead to the second floor.” 
“Bulletproof vest…?” Danny gave Garth a scrutinizing look. 
“One! Fighters…begin!” The arbiter called out. 
“Now! Run!” Garth directed the group of street fighters. 
From out of the shadows of the first floor a group of five mercenaries emerged. They were dressed in blue, black and gray camouflage, and all of them were holding assault rifles. They aimed their rifles at Garth and the others, and opened fire. 
Garth and the street fighters took off running for the stairs, and Garth stood between them and the barrage of bullets that was coming their way. Garth made sure to keep Danny right in front of him. He grunted as he felt the impact of the bullets as they imbedded themselves into the muscles of his back. It hurt but Garth didn’t flinch. He could take the pain. Especially, if one of these guys knew where the Red Priest was. 
“Crap! Those are AK-47s! Isn’t that a big overkill for us! When those rifles are set to semi-automatic they fire four rounds per minute and when they’re set at full auto they fire a hundred rounds per minute.” Danny said breathlessly as he ran. 
“Ah!” One of the street fighters cried out as he took a bullet to the leg and went down. 
Danny tried to go back for him, but Garth pushed the teen forward roughly. “We have no choice but to leave him. Come on!” 
“No way…” Danny reluctantly nodded, and by this time they’d reached the staircase. The other two street fighters had already gone up the steps and to the second floor. Danny flinched when he heard shots being fired behind him. The Blue Team had obviously decided to finish the street fighter off. Danny and Garth ran up the stairs, and entered what appeared to be an office level with lots of cubicles and electronics that had been left behind. 
“Spread out and look for anything that can be used as a weapon.” Garth directed the others. 
“Roger!” The other two street fighters agreed with nods. 
“Oh, and one more thing.” Garth reached out and grabbed the two street fighters by the front of their shirts and brought them in close. “Do you guys know where the Red Priest is?” He glared fiercely at them. 
The two street fighters both shared a confused look before they turned to look at Garth, and shake their heads. “Nope, sorry.” “I’ve never heard of him.” 
Garth let out a defeated sigh and let go of their shirts. “Get going.” 
“Roger.” The street fighters fanned out. 
“You really expect us to find weapons here?” Danny looked around the office level skeptically. “But there’s just a bunch of random office supplies.” He noticed the cameras on the walls that were filming all of this for the benefit of the spectators and betters on the top floor. 
A feral grin formed on Garth’s face. “Anything you can pick up and throw can be used as a weapon. Also, pretty much anything can be used as a weapon if you throw enough killing intent behind it, lad.” Garth picked up a sharp pencil and showed it to Danny. In the blink of an eye Garth had the pencil pressed against the side of Danny’s throat. “This would be a kill shot.” 
Danny gulped, and tried not to piss in his pants. I didn’t even see him move!
Garth’s keen ears picked up on the sound of the mercenaries making their way up the stairs to the second floor. “They’re coming. Come on, lad. Stay behind me.” 
The shifter swiftly made his way behind one of the cubicles, and dragged the kid along with him. They both crouched down and listened as the mercenaries entered the office level. 
“Come out, come out, wherever you are, cowards.” A mercenary called out in a singsong voice. 
“Cowards? They’re the ones with the AK-47s!” Danny hissed to Garth in a low voice. “I’d like to see how brave they are without those rifles!” 
“Well, if you insist.” Garth spoke loudly to the mercenary before he fearlessly stood up, grabbed a computer monitor as if it weighed nothing and tossed it at the mercenary one-handed. 
“Crap!” The mercenary was forced to dodge the attack, drop to the floor, and roll across the floor. 
Garth frowned. “I missed. Oh well, second time’s the charm, right?” 
“Uh, I think it’s third time’s the charm.” Danny piped up. 
Garth looked around, picked up the swivel office chair next, and straightened. He waited for the mercenary to straighten too before launching the chair at him. The mercenary was forced to dive out of the way with a curse. “What are you guys waiting for? Shoot him!” The mercenary spat angrily at his teammates. 
“Roger.” The four other mercenaries opened fire at Garth and Danny. 
Garth and Danny ducked down behind the desk that was inside the cubicle, and watched as the wall surrounding them began to become full of holes. Garth stood up, grabbed the enormous office desk, hefted it over his head with his two hands, and threw it at the mercenaries, who were forced to scatter and dive out of the way screaming. 
“Whoa.” Danny breathed as he looked at Garth in awe. The man was incredibly strong. Watching Garth fight the mercenaries using office furniture was like watching a messed up version of someone playing Whac-A-Mole.
The mercenaries dispersed throughout the office, and began to close in on Garth and Danny from all sides. However-
“Ah!” A mercenary cried out as one of the street fighters snuck up behind him and jabbed a box cutter into the man’s throat. Blood gurgled out of his mouth as he sunk to his knees. 
“You see, kill shot.” Garth said to Danny in a grim tone.
Danny shuddered. Sure, he’d gotten into a lot of fights but he’d never actually killed anyone before. 
The street fighter quickly grabbed the assault rifle, and looked around for one of the other mercenaries. As soon as he spotted one, he pointed the rifle in the man’s direction. However, the mercenary saw the street fighter at the same time and pointed his rifle at the fighter. They both opened fire and ended up shooting each other full of holes.
“That fool.” Garth shook his head. “He just threw his life away. And I didn’t get to ask that mercenary if he knew where the Red Priest was. Crap.” 
Another street fighter stealthily approached a mercenary, and kicked the rifle out of his hands with a side kick. The mercenary spun, and engaged the street fighter in hand-to-hand combat. Both fighters apparently knew martial arts and it was an impressive display. 
“Give me some cover!” The mercenary called out to his team. 
“Roger!” Two mercenaries revealed themselves as they straightened from their crouches, and simultaneously aimed their rifles at the street fighter. 
“I don’t think so.” Garth grabbed another office chair and launched it the mercenaries’ way. “Where is the Red Priest?” He demanded loudly. 
The mercenaries dodged the chair and targeted the cubicle that Garth and Danny were hiding behind instead. The barrage of bullets began to eat through the wall until they began to pass through it. 
“Ow!” A bullet grazed Danny’s upper arm. “That smarts.” 
“Get out of here, lad. Go!” Garth handed Danny the pencil and pointed to a cubicle a couple of cubicles down for Danny to hide inside. 
“You don’t have to tell me twice.” Danny began to crawl across the floor military-style, moving between the cubicles while avoiding the gunfire that was passing over his head. He made it into the cubicle that Garth had pointed out and let out a sigh of relief. “I’m not cut out for this crap. And to think, I used to think I was a badass.” 
The street fighter sent a hard roundhouse kick into the side of the mercenary’s head, and ended up snapping the man’s neck. 
This street fighter made his way over to Garth, who was still throwing random objects at the two mercenaries that were trying to take him out. “Hey.” The street fighter said to Garth. “Cover me.” 
“What? Wait, crap!” Garth swore as the street fighter ran out into the open, running towards the mercenaries. The shifter grabbed a desk and launched it at the mercenaries who were forced to dive out of the way. 
One of the mercenaries hand signaled for his teammate to head right, and take out Danny. He raked his thumb across his neck in a kill gesture. The mercenary nodded with a wicked smile on his face, and army crawled across the floor. 
The other mercenary made a grab for his rifle that had fallen out of his hand. The street fighter brought his booted foot down hard on the mercenary’s hand before his fingers could wrap around the rifle. 
“Son of a gun!” The mercenary swore as the bones in his hand were broken. 
“Get up and fight.” The street fighter challenged, rubbing his index finger under his nose in a cocky gesture and getting into a fighting stance.
The mercenary glared up at the street fighter, and then smiled cruelly. “Gladly.” With his left hand he reached into his jacket and pulled out a handgun that he aimed at the fighter.
The fighter’s eyes widened slightly and a resigned look fell over his face. “Well, I’m screwed.” 
“NO!” Garth shouted. 
The mercenary fired and shot the street fighter right between the eyes. The street fighter crumpled to the ground. Dead.
Garth and Danny were the only members of the Red Team left.
“You cowardly scumbag!” Garth roared angrily as he charged the mercenary. “Tell me where the Red Priest is and I might let you live!” 
Meanwhile, the other mercenary was hunting Danny. Danny held his breath as he watched the mercenary walking past his hiding place with his rifle raised. The man was completely out in the open. He was obviously underestimating Danny. 
“It’s now or never, Danny. This is life and death.” Danny took a deep breath and attacked, lunging the pencil into the back of the mercenary’s leg, right behind the knee, and hitting an artery. 
The mercenary cried out and went down to his knees immediately. The mercenary wasn’t out for the count just yet though, and twisted his torso, aiming his rifle right at Danny. 
But Danny quickly lunged at the rifle, and they began to struggle for control over it. The mercenary pulled the trigger, and the bullets hit the overhead florescent lights, showering them with broken glass dangerously. 
With his left hand Danny kept the gun pointed towards the ceiling and with his right hand he picked up a piece of broken glass. He swung his hand and imbedded the piece of glass into the side of the mercenary’s throat. The rifle fell to the floor from the mercenary’s limp fingers. 
“Kill shot.” Danny said grimly as he watched the man die in front of him. “Garth taught me that today.” I should feel happy that I’m alive. But for some reason…I’m not. 
Meanwhile, the mercenary opened fire upon Garth, and several bullets pierced Garth’s muscular torso. Bloody hell. By the time this dogfight was over his body would be Swiss cheese! But Garth didn’t stop, and just kept on going. 
The mercenary’s rifle made a clicking sound since it was finally out of bullets. “No way…what is this guy made of? Steel?” He reached for a new clip. 
Garth charged the mercenary and pulled the rifle out of his hands before he could reload it. The shifter then crumpled the rifle into a ball as if he were crumpling a piece of paper. “Now…tell me, where is the Red Priest?” 
“Who? What the hell are you talking about? You…you’re a monster!” The mercenary shouted angrily at Garth, spit flying out of his mouth. 
“No, I’m a demon.” Garth grinned, revealing his sharp canines, and headbutt the mercenary hard, knocking him out cold. The shifter let out a defeated sigh. Another useless fighter that didn’t know crap. “Crap…I hope the kid’s okay. I heard shots fired coming from his direction. Hey lad, you still alive?” Garth called out loudly. 
Danny stood up and gave Garth a thumbs-up. “Hell yeah. Though I don’t know how I did it I…I killed him.” The smile on the teen’s face faltered. 
Garth noticed the slight tremor in Danny’s voice. “Good. You did good, lad. He was trying to kill you.” 
“Yeah…” Danny trailed off softly. 
“Well, it looks like it’s just the two of us. Let’s go, lad.” Garth headed for the stairs that led to the third floor. 
“Hey, wait up!” Danny ran after Garth. 
Garth and Danny climbed the stairs, and entered the third floor. “Whoo.” Danny whistled through his teeth when he saw a long table covered in weapons. “That’s a lot of guns.” 
Garth frowned at the sight. “I don’t like this.” 
“Congratulations to the Red Team. You are the winners! But…there can only be one champion. Only one of you can have the prize money. The steel door you see at the back of the room will only open and allow you access to the top floor once one of you is dead. Fighters…begin!” 
“These creeps think this is The Hunger Games or something. Too bad we don’t have any berries around, huh, Garth?” Danny joked while trying to make light of the situation even though he’d started to tremble. He was so dead. He knew he was no match for Garth. 
Garth didn’t respond but was instead glaring at the cameras that were inside of the room. 
The cameras’ lenses focused on Garth and Danny. Danny looked at Garth. He didn’t even try to go for a gun. “Wow. I have really bad luck, huh?” He let out a defeated sigh. “There’s no way I can beat you, Garth. It’s…okay. Go ahead and kill me. I never would have made it this far without you. You saved my life, so…it belongs to you anyways.” Danny raised his chin as he tried to be brave. 
Garth approached Danny with purposeful steps, and reached his hand out towards him. Danny shut his eyes tight and waited for the killing blow. 
Abruptly, Garth ruffled Danny’s hair in an affectionate manner. 
Danny’s eyes snapped open and widened in surprise. “Eh?”
Garth chuckled at the teen’s bewildered expression. “I’m not going to kill you, lad. I just came here to ask these fighters if they knew where I can find the Red Priest, but…none of them knew what the hell I was talking about.” Garth sighed heavily. “I don’t really want these creeps’ money either, so I’ll give it to you instead. You look like you could use it.” 
“You’re going to give me the prize money?” A bubble of hope had formed within Danny’s chest but he quickly squashed it. Life was never that easy. “They’ll never let us have it.” 
“We’ll see about that.” Garth cracked his knuckles ominously. “What do you say we crash their fancy party? Maybe the Arbiter knows where the Red Priest is.” 
Danny frowned thoughtfully as he stared at the steel door. “But there’s no way to get past that metal door.” He jerked his thumb in the door’s direction. 
Garth chuckled. “Oh yes there is.” He approached the metal door, gripped it with his bare hands, and began to pull. “This just needs a little elbow grease.” 
Danny’s eyes bulged at what Garth was doing. “You can’t be serious, bro?” 
“Argh!” Garth roared as his eyes flashed red, and he ripped the steel door right off its hinges before tossing it aside. 
“Whoa.” Danny clapped his hands together. He was thoroughly impressed. 
Garth glanced over his shoulder. “Come on, let’s go, lad.” He started for the stairs that led to the top floor. 
Danny grinned and ran after Garth. He heard the arbiter’s voice calling out behind him: “Hey, wait! You can’t do that! Crap!” A smile formed on the teen’s face. 
Garth and Danny ran up the stairs, and entered the top floor. This room had been renovated and now served as an entertainment room. The entire level had been decorated extravagantly for the party, and there was even a massive grand piano with a piano player playing a classic tune off to the right side. Several round dinning tables with immaculate white tablecloths had been set up around the floor, and there were classy arrangements of white flowers sitting on the very center of the tables. 
“Whoo.” Danny let out a whistle as he took in the luxurious décor. He’d never seen so much white before. He couldn’t help but think about his ratty, cockroach-infested apartment. His attention was drawn to the large monitors that were on the walls and which showed footage of the different levels of the building. He saw the first floor where there was only one body on the floor, and the second floor, which was now a war zone. The bodies of the fallen mercenaries and the members of the Red Team were still littering the floor. 
It really hit Danny right then how the fighters who’d participated in tonight’s challenge were really nothing more than tools for these rich people’s entertainment. Their lives meant nothing to these people. The spectators and betters were wearing white masks and expensive clothing. Clothing that Danny knew he could never afford. The betters dined and chatted at the tables while drinking expensive champagne and eating gourmet cuisine. 
Danny couldn’t understand how these people could possibly still have an appetite after watching people kill each other. Not to mention the footage right above their heads showing the dead bodies littering the floor on the second floor. Pools of blood were beginning to surround the bodies making it all the more real. 
People had died tonight. Eight people were dead.
Danny eavesdropped on their discussions and heard them talking about the bets they’d placed on the Red Team or the Blue Team. They also talked about which fighters they thought had fought the best and which had fought the worst. It was the same atmosphere one might find at a classy horse race like the Kentucky Derby, but what was being bet on was far direr. They were betting on the outcome of people’s lives. 
Garth took note of the fact that the monitors were showing footage from all the floors except for the top floor, and smiled wickedly to himself. 
Garth and Danny looked around at the odd setting. “I hate rich people…well, except for my friends.” Garth growled. 
“Me too.” Danny readily agreed. Even though he didn’t know who Garth’s friends were. But he hated rich people in general. 
The gathered spectators and betters spotted Garth and Danny, and began to applaud and cheer. “Look over there! It’s the victors!” “Whoo!” 
Danny blushed, unused to this kind of attention, and scratched the back of his head awkwardly. 
“Where’s the Arbiter? Show yourself!” Garth roared loudly. 
“Calm yourself, gentlemen. I’m right here.” A man who was wearing a slick designer suit and a white mask on his face stood up from one of the tables. He picked up a briefcase and carried it over to Garth and Danny. He handed Garth the briefcase. “And here is the prize money. You can count it, if you wish.” 
“I think I will.” Garth cleared the table with a sweep of his hand, knocking plates of food and glasses onto the floor with a clatter. The plates and glasses shattered as they hit the floor. Danny bemoaned the waste of good food. His stomach rumbled in protest and he wondered if anyone would mind if he took those leftovers with him. Garth set the briefcase on the table and opened it. He checked the money - it looked real enough. Good. He closed the briefcase and shoved it into Danny’s arms. “Here, lad.” 
Danny took the briefcase with a startled look on his face. “Really…? I can really have this?” 
Garth nodded. “Aye.” 
“I suppose…our business here is concluded.” The arbiter said in a tremulous voice. 
A feral smiled curled Garth’s lips and he turned his attention back to the arbiter. “Not quite. Where is the Red Priest?” 
The arbiter frowned beneath his white mask, his brow furrowed, and he wrung his hands together nervously. “I’m afraid I’ve never heard of him. I’m sorry I couldn’t be of more assistance.” 
“Bloody hell.” Garth swore angrily. “Another dead end!” He hit the table with his fist and it cracked in half. The betters who’d been seated at the table cried out, and leapt out of the way. Garth was so pissed. His hands started to become engulfed in flames. 
“Garth, your hands…!” Danny exclaimed in a panicky voice. 
Garth looked down at his hands. Crap. At this rate he might shift into his Hellcat form. He needed to get these people out of there. “Get out.” Garth growled lowly, menacingly. 
“Excuse me, Sir?” The arbiter questioned tentatively. 
“You heard me. I said, GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE. ALL OF YOU. THE PARTY’S OVER!” Garth roared loudly as he tossed a fireball at a nearby table. The white tablecloth caught fire almost immediately and the table burst into flames.
The betters screamed at the sight and began to run towards the nearest door, which led down to the third floor. 
Garth roared in outrage and frustration, picked up a table, and launched it across the room. The table hit the wall and shattered. As Garth went on his rampage, destroying furniture left and right, the flames had quickly begun to spread.
Taking angry, heaving breaths, Garth watched as the humans fled from him in terror. This was for their own good. Even if they were a bunch of scumbags Garth didn’t want to kill them. Getting to know Sasha had made him want to become a better person for some unknown reason. But then he noticed that Danny hadn’t left the fourth floor yet. “What are you waiting for, kid? Get the hell out of here before…” Garth cut himself short and trailed off. 
“Before?” Danny prompted. 
“Before I turn into a monster.” Garth revealed in a hollow tone. 
Danny gave Garth a thoughtful look. “I don’t think you’re a monster.” 
Garth let out a bitter laugh. “You have no idea, lad. I’m worse than a monster…I’m a demon.” The shifter explained as orange fur began to appear on his face. His cat-like ears sprouted out of the top of his head, and his tail appeared and swished behind him. “You see…I’m hideous.” 
The teen street fighter raised an eyebrow at what he was seeing. “You look…like a cat.” 
“I’m a Hellcat. It’s a type of demonic tiger. And I’m a heartless-” Garth was saying but Danny interrupted him.  
“You’re not heartless. If you were you wouldn’t have saved my life - twice. And you gave me this money.” The teen held up the briefcase. “I have no family, no friends, no skills, and no money. I was kicked out of the orphanage I grew up in because I have the tendency to get into fights. I’m a useless, pathetic human being. The only thing I’m good at is getting into fights and winning. That’s why I thought I could earn some quick cash by participating in these underground fight clubs…and Death Games. I thought I could be a real badass like Brad Pitt in Fight Club.” 
“Fight Club?” Garth questioned. He didn’t keep up much with human pop culture or their movies. 
“It’s a movie about a businessman trying to reclaim his masculinity by starting a ring of fight clubs where men could go and secretly beat the crap out of each other.” Danny explained with a rueful smile on his face. 
“Sounds like my kind of movie. Maybe I should watch it.” Garth said with a lopsided smile. 
“You should.” Danny agreed and continued. “So you see, I have nothing to lose. No one would miss me if I died. No one would care. I figured nothing would ever change…until I met you. Even when I tried to kill you, you spared me, saved my life and let me go. And now, again, you saved my life even though it’s worthless. These betters who toy with our lives for their entertainment are the real monsters here, Garth. Not you.”
After listening to Danny’s tragic life story, Garth’s anger began to fade and his tail and ears disappeared. “But…you’re not alone anymore. If you ever need my help, just give me a call.” Garth whipped out his cell phone. “You have a cell phone, lad?” 
“Yeah, actually…I stole it.” Danny whipped out the cell phone and they exchanged numbers. “Sweet.”
“Don’t steal anymore, lad.” Garth gripped Danny’s shoulder and squeezed it. “You’ll end up getting thrown into prison and you won’t like it. Trust me on that one.” 
Danny’s eyes widened like saucers. “You’ve been in prison?” 
“For three years.” Garth admitted. 
“What did you…do?” Danny asked tentatively, but he was dying of curiosity. 
“Threw a cop car and resisted arrest.” Garth revealed with a nonchalant shrug of his massive shoulders. 
Danny burst out laughing at this declaration and started to cough as he accidentally inhaled too much smoke. His eyes watered and he swayed on his feet, but he smiled anyways. “Why am I not surprised?” He wiped a tear from his eye. 
Garth noticed how Danny was having trouble breathing, but didn’t seem to mind or care. He shook his head at the teen. “Let’s get you the hell out of here, you reckless lad.” 
Danny looked around the fourth floor and saw that the door, which led to the third floor, was completely engulfed in flames. He looked in the direction the fire escape was in and flames blocked that path too. “There’s no way out. The flames are blocking all the exits.” 
“Don’t worry, lad. I’m fireproof. You ever ride a horse before?” Garth asked. 
“No.” 
“Well, just hang on tight.” 
“Huh?” 
Garth shifted into his Hellcat form and his clothes were ripped off his body. In seconds, an enormous six hundred pound tiger-like creature with horns on top of its head had appeared in front of Danny. 
“Holy crap!” Danny swore at the sight and stumbled backwards a few steps. He really is a demon. Seeing is believing. 
“Get on, lad.” Garth rumbled in a low voice. 
“You can still talk? Cool.” Danny got on Garth’s back and gripped his fur. The teen felt that the fur on Garth’s back was wet. Huh? Danny looked down and saw that Garth’s orange and black fur was covered in blood. “What the hell? I thought you said you were wearing a bulletproof vest?” 
“I lied. Hang on tight, lad! Here we go!” The Hellcat ran towards the fire escape, leapt through the flames blocking their way, and then Garth crashed right through the window and landed on the fire escape’s landing outside. The shifter took off down the metal stairs of the fire escape while Danny clung onto Garth’s fur for dear life. 
I’m so going to die. Danny thought to himself. 
As soon as Garth made it to the bottom of the fire escape he ran into the nearby dark alleyway. “Okay. Get off, lad.” 
Danny obeyed, dismounted, and had trouble remaining standing on his legs that had turned into jelly. 
Garth shifted back into his human form and was buck naked. “I’ll see you around, lad.” He turned to go, and waved his hand in goodbye. 
“Uh…Sir? You’re naked, by the way.” Danny felt the need to point out and his lip twitched in amusement. 
Garth looked down at his crotch and shrugged. “So?” 
Danny took off the red T-shirt he’d put on over his ratty clothes. He lamented having to give up his new T-shirt for a moment before he remembered that he had a briefcase containing five thousand dollars! “Here, put this on. You don’t want to get arrested for indecent exposure.” He tossed the T-shirt at Garth with a chuckle. 
Garth caught the T-shirt and wrapped it around his waist. “Thanks laddie.” The shifter made his way over to his Ducati and mounted his motorcycle. 
Danny watched a little starry-eyed as Garth turned on his bike’s engine, pulled out of his parking spot, and took off down the street. That guy is so cool. 
***
Sasha returned to her laboratory and walked over to her desk. She sat down in front of it, and grabbed a pad of paper and a pencil. She tapped the pencil against her lips as she tried to come up with a new special candy product for Garth to sell at his shop. Unable to come up with anything after half an hour, she grabbed a Pixie Stick from a jar of them sitting on her desk, opened it, and poured the sugary goodness into her mouth. She couldn’t allow herself to fall asleep until after she’d come up with an idea for Garth. 
The elevator door opened and Charming entered the laboratory. He had a plate of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies with him and a glass of milk. “Sasha, my love, I made you some cookies. I thought you might be hungry.” 
Sasha looked up and smiled at Charming. “Those cookies smell delicious. Thank you.” 
Charming strode over and placed the plate of cookies and glass of milk on Sasha’s computer desk with a flourish. He looked over her shoulder at the pad of paper and saw that it was covered in question marks. “What are you working on this time, my love?” 
“Hmm, I’m trying to come up with a special new candy product that Garth can sell at his candy shop.” Sasha explained in a pensive tone. 
Charming frowned at the mention of that insufferable demon man! “For Garth? I see…well, I’m sure you’ll think of something. You are a genius. Perhaps, watching a little TV will give you some ideas.” The robot suggested keenly. 
“That’s a great idea, Charming.” Sasha grabbed the remote and switched on her large flat screen TV that was sitting on one of the tables next to her computer desk. Sasha swiveled her chair to face the TV and began to channel surf. She looked at few candy commercials and pondered. 
That’s when an Ice Breakers mint commercial came on. In the commercial a white, sparkly unicorn with a horn made out of ice was shown. Its coat had little blue sparkles on it. The unicorn was prancing and jumping across the screen while a funky pop song was playing in the background: “I am your confidence…right in two great mints.”
The unique commercial brought a smile to Sasha’s lips. She loved unicorns. She had one as a pet actually. “Ice Breakers…” Sasha recalled the old Ice Breakers gum commercials where people would be shown getting icy breath after chewing the gum. “That was false advertising…” She pouted. “I remember how disappointed I was when I chewed that gum and my breath didn’t turn icy.” 
Light bulb. Sasha’s eyes widened as a sudden marvelous idea came to her. “That’s it!” Sasha stood up from her chair and made her way over to one of her worktables where she had two mysterious DNA samples displayed inside two domed glass containers. 
One of the samples looked like a horn and the other a talon. When the first DNA sample had been combined with a cat’s DNA - the cat had gained fire-breathing abilities. When the second DNA sample had been combined with a dog’s DNA that dog that gained ice-breathing abilities. The horn had come from a fire-type demon, and the talon had come from an ice-type demon. 
“What if I were to create a demon DNA-based chewing gum. The two types of gum would give people the ability to breathe fire and ice.” Sasha tapped her chin in thought. “It might be dangerous if the effects were long-lasting, however, so I’d have to alter the DNA to self-destruct in…let’s say five seconds.”
The mad scientist nodded to herself. “Yes, that’s excellent. Excellent.” She drummed the tips of her fingertips together. “Now, I just have to figure out how to make the DNA self-destruct in five seconds, and figure out how much DNA each gumball should contain.” 
Sasha returned to her desk, grabbed a chocolate chip cookie, stuck it into her mouth, and began to come up with formulas and equations to produce the chewing gum. While she worked Charming skillfully massaged her sore shoulders. 
Several hours later, Sasha had finished off the entire plate of cookies and by this time she’d come up with what she thought would be the perfect formula for the gum. “Eureka! I think I’ve got it! Buwhahaha!” The mad scientist cackled happily. 
Charming applauded Sasha. “Well done, my love.” 
“Don’t applaud me yet.” Sasha chided her robot boyfriend. “I still have to make the gum using this formula and the DNA, and see if it actually works. In theory, it will work…but we’ll just have to wait and see.” 
“I know it will work. After all, you came up with it, my love.” Charming assured her. “And your genius has already been proven with my existence.” 
Sasha smiled. “Thanks. How do you like your new upgrades? Does everything feel okay?” 
Charming opened and closed his hand into a fist. “I don’t feel very different, but my brain can control all of my new weapons easily. Hopefully, I won’t have to use them to protect you though.” 
“Indeed.” Sasha walked around her laboratory gathering all of the ingredients she’d need to make the gum, and the electronic appliances she’d have to use. She carried all of these supplies over to a free worktable. 
Sasha then made her way over to the two demon DNA samples. She lifted the domed glass lid and with a pair of tweezers carefully harvested a small DNA sample from the demon horn. Sasha collected a DNA sample from the demon talon next. She took the two DNA samples over to her worktable, and prepared to replicate them in vitro. 
Sasha put on her goggles and rubber gloves. “Alright, let’s make some very special gumballs!” 
To replicate the DNA she used DNA polymerases isolated from cells, and artificial DNA primers to initiate DNA synthesis at known sequences in the demon DNA molecules. Sasha used a PCR (Polymerase chain reaction) a common laboratory technique that cyclically applies such artificial synthesis to amplify a specific DNA fragment from a pool of DNA. In this case, the coded DNA that contained the fire breathing and ice breathing abilities. 
After she’d replicated enough DNA and manipulated it so that it would self-destruct in five seconds, Sasha started to make the chewing gum. 
One more batch of chocolate chip cooks and about three massages later, she’d produced two different types of gumballs. A batch of red-colored gumballs that were supposed to give Sasha the ability to breath fire for five seconds, and a batch of blue-colored gumballs that were supposed to give Sasha the ability to produce an icy breath. The red-colored gumballs had a spicy cinnamon flavor and the blue gumballs had a cool mint flavor. 
Sasha removed her goggles and looked at the gumballs with a critical eye. “Now, all that’s left is to have them tested to see if there are any adverse side effects.” 
“Will you use one of your pets to test them?” Charming suggested logically. 
Sasha frowned at this suggestion, however. “My pets…have been though enough. I’ll do it myself.” She grabbed a red gumball and plopped it into her mouth before Charming could stop her. 
“Sasha! No, wait!” Charming cried out. 
Too late. 
Sasha chewed the gum and there was this strange tingling sensation inside of her mouth. It felt like she had a hot chili pepper inside of her mouth and then she felt the heat rising inside of her mouth. Sasha opened her mouth and breathed out. A short blast of flame came out of her mouth, and stopped after five seconds. 
“It…worked.” Sasha exclaimed as she chewed the now normal chewing gum. “Haha! It actually worked! Yes! Garth will love this!” She did a quirky little victory dance. 
Charming was looking at Sasha in concern. “Are you sure you’re alright? How’s the inside of your mouth? You’re not burned anywhere?” 
Sasha shook her head. “Nope. The demon DNA makes me fireproof for five seconds.” 
“I see. But the fire is real, right? That’s a little…dangerous. Don’t you think?” Charming questioned in a chiding tone. 
“Alright! Now I’m going to try the icy breath one!” Sasha said, ignoring Charming’s concerns. Sasha took out the gum she’d been chewing and tossed it in the trash. She grabbed a blue gumball and plopped it into her mouth. She started to chew and felt a tingly sensation in her mouth. It felt like she was sucking on an ice cube that’d been covered in sugar. 
The cold feeling began to rise inside of Sasha’s mouth, and then she opened her mouth and breathed out. An icy cloud of white and blue breath exited Sasha’s mouth. The mad scientist smiled triumphantly at Charming. “This one works too! Yes!” 
“That’s…wonderful, my love.” Charming tried to smile, but it was difficult. He didn’t like Sasha using herself as a guinea pig one bit. 
There was a glint in Sasha’s blue eyes. “Now, I just have to mass-produce these babies so that Garth can sell them in his store by tomorrow! Alright! Let’s do this!” She tugged on the tops of her rubber gloves. 
Charming raised an eyebrow at Sasha. “You’re going to do this now? Shouldn’t you get some rest first? You’ve been working for hours on this experiment already. You never even changed out of your new outfit.” 
“There’s no time to waste! There are only a few days left until Christmas. I’m doing this now.” Sasha declared as she began to rush around the lab and gather all of the needed ingredients to make more fire and ice gumballs. 
“Garth Mackenzie.” Charming grit his teeth angrily as he watched Sasha running around the lab for his sake. I really hate that demon male. 
“Charming, come over here and help me with this, please.” Sasha called out. 
“Coming, my love.” The robot made his way over to Sasha and began to help her make the gum. Together they worked on mass-producing the gumballs and worked straight through the night. 
Around three o’clock AM Sasha was half asleep and dozing at her worktable as she stirred a large bowl, which contained the chewing gum in its rubbery malleable form. She reached out dazedly to grab the final ingredient, picked it up, and tossed it into the bowl. 
A loud boom rocked the laboratory. 
“Sasha!” Charming exclaimed at the sound of the explosion. He’d been gathering more supplies for Sasha when it had happened. He exited the storage closet he was inside of, and ran over to the worktable where Sasha had been making gum. He found her covered in strange, sticky, rainbow-colored goop. “Sasha, my love, what happened?” Charming rushed up to Sasha, cupped her face in his hand, and peered into her eyes concernedly. 
Sasha yawned sleepily. “I think I added the wrong ingredient to this last batch. Oops. I guess I’m tired. I think I’m just going to rest my eyes for a minute. Zzzz.” Sasha fell asleep and would have fallen to the floor if Charming hadn’t caught her in his arms. 
The robot frowned as he took in Sasha’s appearance: her new outfit was absolutely ruined and her hair looked like she’d stuck her finger into an electrical socket. 
“Garth Mackenzie better appreciate this.” Charming muttered darkly as he swooped Sasha up into his arms and carried her over to a futon that had been set up in the lab for when Sasha pulled an all-nighter. 
Sasha’s collapse was partly his fault, Charming realized. He was the smart robot who was supposed to know about human limitations. But he’d let Sasha overwork herself, forgetting that, well, his Master, Creator, and love, Sasha, was human. 
Charming opened and closed his mechanical hand thoughtfully as he stared down at it. He never grew tired, so he didn’t know what ‘getting tired’ felt like. Well, he’d run low on energy, but then he’d just plug himself into the wall and recharge, or go out into the sun and use solar power to recharge his internal power source. Human bodies were so inefficient, so flawed. 
And yet…marvelous. Humans had souls. In 1901, Duncan MacDougall had scientifically proved the existence of the soul, and discovered that when a person died they lost twenty-one grams in weight. Those twenty-one grams was the weight of the soul that left the body. 
Charming reached out and tucked a stray strand of pink hair behind Sasha’s ear in a tender gesture. To be human and to have a soul…I wonder what that would be like? 
To be continued in…Candy 10: Dragon’s Breath




Chapter 10: Dragon’s Breath

Garth parked his Ducati outside his candy shop, dismounted and staggered his way to the front door. He fumbled with the key in the lock, opened the door, and stumbled inside. He took a few steps before collapsing onto the floor. 
He’d been shot full of holes that night. A lot of the bullets were still inside of his body and Garth could feel his immortal body pushing the bullets out with his regeneration ability. 
It hurt like hell. 
Garth tried to stay conscious, but fell into a restless sleep. He dreamed of the past once more. 
FLASHBACK
The day of the full moon had arrived. 
This would be Garth’s first experience dealing with the effect the full moon had on shifter-type demons. According to his friends, Lachlan and Leslie, shifters went into heat on the night of the full moon, and their ‘inner beasts’ would try and take over, forcing them to shift into their animal forms. 
The shifters that were unmated would sleep with each other during this time, and participate in meaningless sex, the only purpose of which was to sate their lusts. 
Garth was currently inside of a cell down in Castle MacWulver’s dungeons. His friends, Lachlan and Leslie, were securing thick, metal shackles to his wrists and ankles that had chains attached to them that were secured to the back wall. A thick metal collar had also been put around his neck in case he somehow broke through the other shackles and chains. A long chain was attached to the collar and secured to the wall.
The shackles and the collar around Garth’s neck were enchanted with Druidic magic so that in the event that Garth shifted into his Hellcat form the shackles and collar would increase in size magically. 
Garth didn’t like this one bit. Apparently, the full moon would make him go into heat and make him want to shift into his Hellcat form. His ‘inner beast’ would want to take over and he would lose control of his senses. He’d turn into a mindless, horny animal that just wanted to mate. He didn’t like the perverse thought of that at all. 
Garth flushed at the embarrassing thought. He liked to be in control of his life and especially his body. “Are these shackles really necessary?” He frowned. He felt like a caged animal, and was beginning to feel claustrophobic. 
“You’ll be thanking us for them later.” Lachlan assured him in a dire tone. “You’ve never felt the pull of the full moon before. It takes shifters months sometimes years to learn to control their inner beasts during the full moon.” 
“If we didn’t have so many human female guests at the moment, it might not really matter that you’re going into heat, and we’d let you roam free. I’m sure there are several shifter girls here at the castle that would like to spend their moon time with you. I’ve seen the desiring looks the lasses give you when you’re not looking, Garth.” Leslie gave Garth a teasing wink. 
“Human females.” Garth shook his head at the thought of those delicate, fragile creatures. 
“If you were left to run free you’d pounce the poor human lasses and eat them up.” Lachlan joked with a dark chuckle. 
Garth frowned darkly. He didn’t find that funny. Not at all. 
Leslie hit Lachlan over the back of his head with a whack! “That’s not funny, Lachlan.” 
“Ow.” Lachlan rubbed the back of his head. “Well, once you learn to control yourself during the full moon and can stay in your human form…you’ll be able to choose a lass to mate with to spend your moon time accompanied.” 
“A human lass…?” Garth asked, confused. 
Lachlan and Leslie shared a look. “Shifters who aren’t mated - meaning those who haven’t found their Judges yet - usually find temporary mates in the clan to pass their moon time with.” Leslie explained in a bland tone. 
“Ah, then are you two…?” Garth blurted out, before he could stop himself. 
Lachlan gave Leslie a heated look. He was obviously on board with that idea. 
“Nay.” Leslie spoke up. “Not this time. Sleeping with Lachlan would be ‘complicated’ because he has feelings for me. I’ll find someone who isn’t so complicated and be with him tonight instead.” 
“I’m standing right here.” Lachlan grumbled as he crossed his arms over his chest. 
“The point is to sate our lust. Nothing more.” Leslie gave Lachlan a stern look. “Not until we find our Judges.” 
“And what if you never find your human Judge, Leslie? What then?” Lachlan demanded hotly. 
“I have faith that I will one day. And I’m willing to wait as long as it takes for him to appear.” Leslie said passionately, a far off look in her eyes. 
Garth figured she was probably imagining what her human Judge would look like. 
“Bloody hell.” Lachlan ran his hand back through his slicked-back black hair in a frustrated gesture. “You’re making a mistake, Leslie. You know how much I care for you, and yet you still cast my feelings aside like garbage. I could love you, Leslie. If you’d let me. We could be together. We don’t need our Judges!” He waved his hand angrily through the air in Leslie’s direction. 
Garth stiffened in his restraints. He didn’t like Lachlan showing his temper in front of Leslie. 
However, Leslie’s expression softened and a sad look came to her blue eyes. “I don’t mean to hurt you, Lachlan. But I will only ever see you as a good friend - not as a lover. I love you…but like a brother.” 
“A brother! Ha!” Lachlan exclaimed in a bitter tone before turning on his heel and stalking angrily out of the cell, leaving Leslie and Garth alone together. 
Garth was left feeling embarrassed and awkward in the heavy silence that followed. He felt like he’d just witnessed something he probably shouldn’t have. Lachlan was Garth’s friend and so he was secretly rooting for his friend to win Leslie’s affections. He just wanted his two best friends to be happy, and maybe they could truly find that happiness with each other. Even if that meant giving up their chance at redemption. 
Leslie let out a heavy sigh and turned to look at Garth. “I just wish he’d understand.” Her blue eyes were teary. 
“I’m sorry.” Garth said, not really knowing what else to say. He grew nervous when a female was crying or about to cry. And he’d never seen the strong, fiery Leslie cry before so it unnerved him. 
“Ah.” Leslie wiped the tears from her eyes in a frustrated manner. “This isn’t like me. Well, I guess I have to go and choose myself some strapping male shifter to spend the night with. This, I think is the hardest part of our curse to deal with…having to sleep with someone you don’t really care for. It hurts.” She wrapped her arms around her torso. “I hope I find my Judge soon.” 
Garth’s heart went out to Leslie. He wanted to comfort her. It must have been hard. Harder because she was a woman. “I…I…er…I hope you find him soon too.” 
Leslie quirked her head at Garth, and gave him a pensive look. “Aye. I’ll return in the morning, and let you out of there then. Good luck.” The she-wolf exited the cell, closed the barred cell door behind her, and locked it with a large key. 
“Thank you, lass. I have a feeling I’m gonna need it.” Garth rumbled as he looked up at the only window in the cell. It was a small narrow window that was ten feet above the floor. He could see that the sun was already beginning to set.
Leslie waved goodbye, and started off down the hallway towards the stone steps, which led back up into the castle. 
Left alone in the cell, the cell felt much smaller. The air was dank and smelled of mold. There was a chill in the air that caused Garth to shiver. 
The Hellcat had nothing else to do, but wait for night to fall and for the moon to rise. He watched warily as one by one twinkling, silver stars began to adorn the blackness of the night sky. Then the full moon began to rise, coming into view in the small window of the cell. An impressive, enormous, glowing ball of white luminous light. 
He could feel its power. Garth’s heart began to pound loudly inside of his chest, thumping against his ribs, his pupils dilated, and his blood began to burn in his veins. 
The shifter strained against his heavy chains and they rattled as he felt the overwhelming desire to shift into his Hellcat form. He resisted it. 
Normally, Garth was able to control when he shifted into his Hellcat form for the most part. Although anger was a trigger for his transformation a lot of the time. He had a bit of a temper. 
Garth could feel himself grow incredibly aroused. Holy crap! All the blood in his body seemed to rush to his crotch. He’d never been so turned on before. He moved slightly, felt his crotch rub against his plaid, and let out a strangled groan. 
The shifter strained against his chains and wished the chains were longer so that he could pleasure himself with his hand. This state of arousal was incredibly painful. Almost unbearable. Sweat broke out over his body and his breathing became ragged. Orange fur began to sprout out of his face. Crap. He was losing control of his inner beast. He was going to transform into his Hellcat form. 
The sound of a key turning in the cell lock grabbed his attention, and his gaze snapped to the front door of his cell. Leslie was entering his cell. Her pale face was flushed. Her blue eyes were shiny and had a slightly glazed look to them. She was panting slightly and was obviously incredibly aroused.  
When Garth took a deep breath he could smell her arousal and shuddered with longing. “Leslie…what are you doing in here? Get out of here, lass! I can’t control it any longer. I’m going to shift.” He warned in a growling voice.  
However, Leslie fearlessly approached Garth. “Fight it. You can control it, Garth. You told me that anger was a trigger for your transformation, so…it would make sense that the opposite of anger would stop your transformation. And the opposite of being angry is being at peace. When have you felt most at peace, Garth?”
“At peace…?” Garth questioned, and thought about it. 
“At peace, safe, calm, happy?” Leslie insisted in her low, husky voice. 
For some reason he found himself remembering the pink-haired angel who’d tended to his wounds after his battle against Gabriel. He’d felt at peace then. Calm. Safe. Garth, take care of yourself. She’d whispered in his ear. She’d smelled so sweet, like sugarcane. 
The orange fur disappeared from Garth’s face, and his claws turned back into normal nails. His slit pupils returned to being round. The vision of his pink-haired angel had stopped his transformation like magic. 
A wolfish smile curled Leslie’s lips. “There, you see? You managed to stop your transformation. You can control it. What did you think of?” She asked curiously. 
Garth glanced away from Leslie and kept silent. It didn’t feel right telling her about his pink-haired angel. 
Undeterred by his silence, Leslie sashayed over to Garth, and stood directly in front of him. She looked down at Garth’s crotch pointedly and could tell he was turned on. “Mmm.” Leslie licked her lips at the sight. The she-wolf dropped to her knees in front of Garth, and began to undo his belt with eager movements. 
Garth’s eyes bulged. “Leslie…what are you doing?” 
“What does it look like I’m doing?” Leslie asked playfully as she tossed his belt aside, and began to unwind the plaid from around his waist. “I’m about to pleasure you with my mouth.” 
Garth flushed at her lewd words, and he groaned at the mere thought of her mouth on him, but then shook his head and frowned down at Leslie sternly. “What about Lachlan? We shouldn’t be doing this.” The last thing Garth wanted to do was to betray his friend. 
“Lachlan?” Leslie looked up at Garth and her brow furrowed. “I can’t do this with Lachlan because he cares about me. I imagine he thinks he’s in love with me. Doing this with Lachlan would be complicated. But doing this with you…wouldn’t. You understand me, Garth. This is just about the two of us sating our lusts and experiencing pleasure together.” 
I understand her? Do I? So doing this with me is meaningless? Garth wondered bitterly. She means I’m incapable of feeling something while doing this? Maybe she’s right. I don’t know anything about love. But I understand lust.   
Leslie returned her attention back to Garth’s crotch. She reached out and began to pleasure him with her hand. Garth gasped at the sensation. Leslie was gentle at first, but then applied more pressure and speed. 
Garth bucked against her hand. Leslie smiled as he gave into his lust, and began to pleasure him with her mouth. Garth shuddered as he watched what she was doing, his golden eyes intense. He’d never seen such an erotic sight. Garth groaned, clenched his hands into fists, and let out a masculine grunt when he reached his peak. “Leslie!”
Leslie pulled away, looked up at Garth, and licked her lips seductively. “Mmm. Yummy.” 
Garth flushed at her lewd words. He was panting for breath, his muscled chest heaving. He felt sated but that only lasted seconds before Garth felt himself get turned on again. Bloody hell! He looked down at his crotch in disbelief and sent a fierce glare the moon’s way. 
Leslie watched his body becoming aroused with interest. “Mmm. Ready for more already? Good. You have yet to sate my lust, Garth.” There was a mischievous twinkle in the she-wolf’s blue eyes. 
Garth couldn’t believe that he’d grown aroused again, and so soon after already reaching his peak. Bloody full moon! He couldn’t control himself or his lust. He was completely at the moon’s mercy. 
Leslie stood up, and began to take off her plaid dress. She removed the buckle that kept the plaid wrapped around her chest and bared her flesh to Garth. Garth purred low in his throat at the sight of Leslie’s beautiful bare flesh. The sight made him salivate. He wanted to lick her flesh and strained against the chains that had him pinned against the wall. 
Leslie unwound the plaid from around her waist next, and let the tartan plaid fall to the cell floor. Garth looked down at Leslie’s special place and grew even more aroused.
The she-wolf approached Garth, and then turned around so her back was to him. She rubbed her body up against his. Garth growled and thrust his hips against Leslie. 
Leslie bent over, and reached behind her to join Garth with her body. “Let me help you. Join with me slowly.” 
Garth readily complied and pushed his hips forward. 
Leslie’s eyes bulged and she panted as their bodies became one. “You’re so impressive, Garth.” She panted. “Give me a moment to adjust.” 
Garth panted as he tried to keep himself under control. All he wanted to do was start moving, but he didn’t want to hurt Leslie. His affection for her kept his desire in check. 
After a few agonizing minutes, Garth felt Leslie relax. “Now, Garth, move.”
Garth obeyed and chose a steady pace for their mating. 
Leslie saw stars in front of her eyes. Garth was hitting all her sweet spots. “Yes. More. Harder, Garth.” 
Garth quickened his pace, letting the mind numbing pleasure roll over him and consume him. He’d never felt anything so incredible before. “Och, Leslie, this feels so good!” 
“It does, doesn’t it? You feel so good, Garth. Come on, then…claim me!” Leslie demanded in a lustful voice. 
Garth could feel his body nearing his peak until he was pushed over the edge. “Leslie!” 
“Och, Garth!” Leslie cried as she felt him claim her, “So good!” She trembled with pleasure as she reached her peak of pleasure against him next. 
Exhausted, Leslie lay back, her back pressing against Garth’s chest and panted for breath. 
Garth wished he could wrap his arms around Leslie. And then caught himself in the surprisingly tender thought. He wanted to show Leslie affection after what had happened between them, but that was exactly what Leslie didn’t want. The very reason she’d chosen Garth was because she felt he wouldn’t feel anything if they had sex together. I wish I were as hard-hearted as this lass thinks I am. He thought sadly to himself.
A few minutes later, Garth felt himself getting turned on again, and his eyes widened in shock. “Again…? Bloody hell.” 
Leslie felt Garth and smiled devilishly. “Looks like it.” She moved against him teasingly. “Let’s go another round then.” 
Garth groaned at Leslie’s lascivious words. “Och, wicked lass…the things you say.” 
Leslie giggled impishly. 
***
Little did they know, but Garth and Leslie were being watched. Lachlan had gone looking for Leslie, hoping to convince the free-spirited she-wolf to spend her moon time with him. He’d planned to tell her that it wouldn’t mean anything. That they could just sate their lust together with no emotional commitments as they had once before. He’d be lying, of course, but Leslie didn’t need to know that. 
However, the dragon had tracked Leslie’s scent down to the dungeons. At first, he thought that Leslie had probably been worried about Garth and so had just gone to check on him. But when he heard the unmistakable sound of two shifters having sex - the blood had run cold in his veins. 
Lachlan had hidden in the shadows, and approached Garth’s cell stealthily and cautiously. Then he’d seen them. Garth and Leslie mating while standing up. The sound of wet flesh slapping together reached his ears and he covered them with his hands as he tried to block out the sounds. But he could hear their moans of pleasure echoing off the stone walls. 
Before long, Garth was yelling out Leslie’s name as he reached his peak, and Leslie greeted his cry shouting Garth’s name is obvious ecstasy. 
The dragon’s chilled blood had thawed quickly from a burning anger and jealousy that wanted to consume him. 
Garth had betrayed him and had mated with Leslie. He’d thought that Garth was his best friend. He’d been horribly wrong. That scumbag! He’s no friend of mine…but an enemy! His nails turned into claws and he considered killing them both, right then and there. 
The dragon could rip their throats out before they’d even know what had happened. He imagined ripping them to pieces, their bloody limbs scattered across the cell floor. Leslie’s cold dead eyes staring up at him accusingly…No! 
Not Leslie. He couldn’t harm Leslie. Even if she didn’t love him back. She was still precious to him. 
Lachlan knew if he stayed a moment longer he’d kill his two best friends, and so he fled the dungeon as quickly as he could. He was filled with so much jealousy and envy that he knew he’d be a danger to any shifter he came across, and decided to leave the castle. 
The dragon exited out into the courtyard, and as soon as he was outside he let his inner beast take over. He shifted into his dragon form - an eighty-foot-long dragon with black scales like polished onyx. His eyes were green with specks of silver and had slit pupils. He had enormous, sharp claws on his hands and feet. Vicious spikes emerged down the ridge of his spine and two horns curled out of his head. The end of his tail was covered in vicious black spikes. 
Lachlan spread his wings and took off into the sky, heading for the nearby dark forest. He had so much pent up hatred and frustration he needed to let it all out somehow. He swooped down over the treetops, opened his maw, and unleashed a stream of fire at the trees. 
The forest below him began to be consumed by red flames. A crackling sound filled the air. Lachlan let out a roar of rage and despair, and kept up his path of destruction. He spotted a cottage in a clearing and swooped down closer to target it next. 
The dragon opened his maw and unleashed a blast of red and orange flames the cottage’s way. The flames flew towards the cottage, but were then stopped by an invisible barrier. What the hell? Lachlan’s brow furrowed in confusion as he watched his flames hitting some kind of an invisible shield, and then they dissipated. What magic is this? The dragon wondered, suddenly intrigued. 
The door of the cottage opened and a woman stepped out. Lachlan was surprised by her unexpected stunning and otherworldly appearance. She had long black hair with scattered braids that went down past her waist, moon white skin, and exotic bi-colored eyes. One was red, the other blue. She was wearing a black gown with belled sleeves. Lachlan noticed the tattoo of a blue crescent moon in the center of her forehead. A Druidess? Or High Priestess? The dragon mused in a calculating fashion. 
Iona looked up at Lachlan and her red lips curled into a fearless smile. “Stop having a tantrum and destroying my forest. Come down, dragon. I’ve been waiting for you.” The witch waved her hands at some nearby red flames and used her magic to cause them to dissipate. 
Lachlan was impressed. This witch was powerful indeed. Perhaps, she could be of some use to him and his ambitions. The dragon swooped down and landed a few yards away from the witch. The flapping of Lachlan’s wings made her hair and dress dance, but she stood still and unafraid. Lachlan shifted back into his human form. 
Lachlan was gloriously nude before the witch and painfully aroused because of the full moon that was still shinning overhead. The witch’s eyes hungrily took in the sight of Lachlan’s naked body - his muscular physique, broad shoulders, rippling abs, and white marble-like skin. And her hot gaze went to his crotch. 
Lachlan stalked towards her with graceful, predatory steps. The witch looked back up and met Lachlan’s fierce gaze. She saw the myriad of emotions there - his hate, anger, envy and lust. 
Iona placed her hands on her shoulders and removed her dress so that it slid down from her body and pooled at her feet. Lachlan growled approvingly in response. This witch wasn’t afraid of his lust…but welcomed it. “You’re not afraid, lass?” 
“Nay.” 
“You will be.” Lachlan assured her as he pushed Iona to the ground. 
Iona fell back to the soft grass, and Lachlan crawled over her, straddling her. He glared down at her and she met his gaze unflinchingly. He sniffed her, his nose in the crook of her neck. “You smell human…are you human?” He scowled at the unpleasant thought. 
The witch had noticed the obvious distain in Lachlan’s voice as he’d said the word ‘human’. “I’m a vampire.” Iona wisely responded. 
Lachlan’s eyes widened. “A vampire…?” At one point she’d been human, but she’d given up her soul for power and immortality as a vampire. Lachlan was a dragon, and all dragons greedily craved power and wealth, so he could relate. “A vampire…?” He kissed her mouth roughly and his lips were cut on her sharp fangs. “Ow.” 
Iona licked her bloody lips. “Mmm.” Because Iona had been born half-vampire half-human Druid she’d never actually lost her soul, but didn’t feel the need to tell anyone this. The more evil they thought she was the more people respected her. 
“You’ll pay for that, you wicked wench.” Lachlan rumbled lowly as he took her flesh into his mouth and bit down hard. 
Iona cried out and arched her back, causing her hips to press against Lachlan’s. 
Lachlan spread her legs and gazed upon her. He impatiently joined their bodies with one powerful thrust without giving Iona time to adjust to his considerable size. 
Iona screamed at the mixture of pleasure and pain that hit her senses as this dragon shifter male claimed her. He was truly a beast. And she liked it. 
Lachlan began to move furiously against her, making Iona cry out, and rake her nails down his back, drawing blood. 
It didn’t take long for Lachlan to reach the peak of his pleasure, and he claimed her with a satisfied grunt. He collapsed on top of her carelessly, selfishly crushing her with his weight. 
“My turn.” Iona whispered as she used her superhuman strength to flip them over so that she was on top of Lachlan and their bodies were still joined. Before Lachlan could properly react Iona had leaned over him, and sunk her fangs into the side of his neck.
Lachlan gasped at the odd erotic sensation. A wave of lust crashed into him and he could feel himself growing painfully aroused. 
Iona removed her fangs and pulled back. She licked her bloody lips and smiled devilishly. She began to move over Lachlan as she greedily sought her own pleasure. In a lust filled daze, Lachlan placed his hands on her hips and let her take control. Something he would never do under normal circumstances. 
In minutes, the witch was trembling against him and crying out in ecstasy. “Lachlan!” 
The sound of his name on her lips pushed him over the edge again. She collapsed on top of him, fully sated, and smiling deliriously. 
Lachlan stroked his hand down her back, over her soft hair. This female had accepted him and his violent lust. He was oddly touched by this. “How do you know my name?” 
“I know a lot of things. I have…visions. I can’t tell if I’m dreaming or awake most of the time. Is this a dream?” Iona asked. 
“No…this is real. What is your name, witch?” Lachlan asked, suddenly curious about her. 
“Iona.” 
“Iona.” He tried her name out on his tongue and decided he liked it. “You belong to me now. Allow no other man to touch you. Do you understand?” 
Iona’s lip twitched. He thought she belonged to him? How amusing. “I understand, milord.” But I’ll play along…for now. She had to admit to herself that she did like his possessiveness. Magnus you shall pay for rejecting me. I’ll make sure that Lachlan takes your place. Or have I done that already? Time is so confusing. 
 ***
Five days later…
Magnus was dying. 
He was on his deathbed. The curse had gotten worse and he was coughing up blood more frequently now. Soon he’d be drowning in his own blood, and then…his head would be severed from his body by the curse tattoo Iona had maliciously given him. 
Lachlan, Leslie and Garth all stood at the side of Magnus’s bed. Also in the room were Magnus’s closest, most trusted friends and allies, which consisted of a bear shifter, a wolf shifter, a deer shifter, a snake shifter, a bunny shifter, a cat shifter, a bird shifter and many others. However, Garth noted that all of the dragon shifters were absent. 
When shifters grew overly emotional or excited their animal ears or tails would usually pop out of their own accord. Currently, the bear shifter had fuzzy ears on his head, the bunny girl who’d been serving as his nurse had bunny ears on the top of her head, a bird shifter had her wings out, a cat shifter had her ears out, and a snake shifter had a head of hissing green snakes. The shifter females were already sobbing. 
Magnus chuckled at the sight even as he lay dying. “I’m not dead yet, bonny lassies. Think you could hold off a wee bit longer?” 
“Oh Magnus.” Leslie cried as she took his hand in hers. “Always the joker. You always know what to say to brighten our spirits. This place won’t be the same without you. There must be a way to stop this. We can’t continue on without you, Magnus.” The she-wolf’s blue eyes were shimmering with unshed tears. 
Garth wholeheartedly agreed with what Leslie was saying. “Magnus, can’t we ask Iona to release you from the curse? Perhaps she’ll see reason.” 
Lachlan flinched at the mention of Iona. He’d been very surprised and yet pleased to discover that the witch who’d cursed Magnus was the same witch he’d slept with. Iona was already proving herself to be incredibly useful to him. I’ll have to thank her for this later. 
Magnus shook his head despairingly. “She won’t listen to reason…and she has no mercy in that shriveled up black heart of hers. Besides, it’s too late now. I can feel it…I don’t have much longer. That’s why I called all of you here, my most trusted and loyal friends and allies. I want to tell all of you who I want to succeed me as Clan Chief.” 
Lachlan kept his face expressionless. This was it - Magnus was about to name him Clan Chief. He had to force himself not to smile. How long had he waited for this day? Too long. 
Magnus looked at Lachlan and offered him a pitying smile before he turned his gaze upon Garth. His smile turned pleased, hopeful. “I want Highlander Hellcat Garth MacWulver to succeed me as Clan Chief.” 
A shocked silence fell over the bedchamber. Leslie gasped and shot Lachlan a confused look. She’d also assumed Magnus would choose Lachlan. After all they’d known each other longer than Magnus and Garth had. And Magnus had appeared to trust Lachlan, but maybe that trust had been broken by Lachlan’s recent actions in regards to the human village. 
Lachlan was pissed. And that was putting it mildly. “What the hell is the meaning of this? You can’t be serious, Magnus. Garth has only been a part of this clan for little more than a month! How could he possibly be qualified to rule Clan MacWulver! I’m the one who should rule the clan! The next Clan Chief should be me!” The dragon punched the wall out of anger and caused a small crater to form there. A few pebbles fell to the floor of the bedchamber with a clatter. 
Magnus frowned and gave Lachlan an apologetic look. “For a time…I thought it should be you. But…you’ve changed, Lachlan. You’ve let your greed and thirst for power lead you down a dark path, that’s taking you astray from the path you need to be on in order to find love and redemption. I won’t let you…lead the clan astray too.” The wolf shifter coughed into his hand and blood seeped through his fingers. 
“This is ridiculous! I’m stronger and more powerful than Garth!” Lachlan waved his bloody fist in Garth’s direction. “What does he have that I don’t?” His silvery green eyes flashed.  
The shifters remained silent as they stared sadly at Magnus instead. 
“Garth has a kind heart.” Magnus spoke up into the silence. “Whereas, your heart has turned to ice.” 
“A kind heart! Ha! What use is that?” The dragon scoffed bitterly. “Kindness? Love? Those are weaknesses! We are immortal shifters. We could rule this entire planet if we wanted to! We should rule it! We will rule it! And you can’t stop me because you’ll be dead!” Lachlan began to cackle maniacally. 
“No!” Magnus burst out and started to cough violently. 
“My Laird Magnus!” Leslie cried out in concern. 
“No…you can’t…you must assimilate and live in peace with the humans. It’s the only way to find hope and happiness and love and redemption. Garth…you can’t let him destroy our hope. Promise me!” Magnus gasped, his blue eyes wild. 
Garth grabbed Magnus’s other hand and held it tightly. “I promise. I will protect Clan MacWulver and the village with my life.” There was a fierce, determined look in his golden eyes. 
A look of relief crossed Magnus’s face when he saw that raw determination reflected in that amber gaze, and then the wolf shifter’s head was gruesomely severed from his shoulders by the cursed magical tattoo. 
Leslie cried out in pain, anguish, and horror. “No! Magnus!” She threw herself onto the bed and started crying. The sobbing of the shifter females grew louder. 
“Long live…Chief Garth.” One of the shifters spoke up. 
And the other shifters that were inside of the bedchamber answered. “Long live, Chief Garth!” 
Lachlan glared angrily at the shifters in the room. “You bunch of traitors.” He looked at Leslie, and their eyes met. There was pity in her blue eyes. He couldn’t stand the sight of it. Lachlan shook his head and held his hand out to Leslie. “Come on, Leslie, let’s go.” 
Leslie stared at Lachlan’s hand as tears continued to stream down her face. Her sad expression turned to disbelief. “I’m not going to follow you, Lachlan. My allegiance belongs to Garth now. He is the new Clan Chief. This was Magnus’s dying wish and I will respect it.” 
A muscle beneath Lachlan’s eye ticked in irritation. “So you choose him over me? You’ll come to regret this, Leslie. Soon you’ll see that you chose the wrong side to be on.” He sent a hateful glare Garth’s way. “This isn’t over, Hellcat. You’ll rue the day that you decided to take everything from me.” The dragon turned around and stomped out of the room with thundering steps. 
You’ll rue the day that you decided to take everything from me. Lachlan’s words echoed mercilessly in Garth’s head. He hadn’t meant to betray Lachlan, but he had. He’d slept with Leslie and he’d become Clan Chief. Garth couldn’t really blame Lachlan for hating him. He kind of hated himself too in that moment. He’d really treasured Lachlan’s friendship but he’d broken that bond beyond repair. 
Unfortunately, Magnus had been right. Lachlan overtly hated humans, and would lead the clan down the wrong path, perhaps towards global domination. It was up to Garth now to keep the shifters heading in the right direction, and that was towards peace with the humans. This was for the good of the clan. Garth tried to remind himself. But even as he tried to reassure himself that his actions were the right ones they left a bitter taste in his mouth. 
 ***
Lachlan stormed out of the bedchamber, and stomped his way down the castle corridor. The floors and walls seemed to tremble from his seething anger. He made his way down the grand staircase, and entered the great hall. He looked around searchingly and finally spotted his friends and allies seated together at one of the long tables drinking. He approached them with swift steps, and they all looked up and gave Lachlan expectant looks once he’d reached them. 
When Lachlan remained silent and sulking it was the red dragon shifter, Cormag, who spoke up. “How’s Magnus?” 
“He’s dead.” Lachlan replied simply, through gritted teeth. 
Lachlan’s friends smiled at each other and looked pleased. 
“Congratulations on becoming Clan Chief, Lachlan.” Cormag grinned. 
“Let’s get some ale to celebrate.” A green dragon shifter named Irving suggested.
“And some more apple pie!” A bear shifter named Artair added rubbing his already distended belly.  
A dark scowl formed on Lachlan’s face. “Magnus…named Hellcat Garth as his successor right before he died.” 
Artair actually stopped eating. A frog shifter named Clyde couldn’t stop his jaw from dropping open in shock. Cormag reached across the table and closed Clyde’s mouth with his finger by pushing Clyde’s chin up. 
 “Bloody hell.” Irving swore and clenched his massive hands into fists over the table. “That traitorous wolf! If he wasn’t already dead I’d kick his butt.” 
“What about Leslie?” Cormag dared to ask with a curious glint in his eyes. He knew that his leader Lachlan was in love with the spirited she-wolf. 
Lachlan’s eyes flashed dangerously. “Her allegiance is to Garth now.” 
Cormag shook his head disappointedly and put his hands out in a helpless gesture. “I’m sorry. But there are plenty of fish in the sea, Lachlan. Better fish.” 
“I’m aware of that.” Lachlan said thinking of Iona. The witch was beautiful even if she’d been human at one point, and her lust matched his own. She was also powerful and he respected power. “But…my heart belongs to Leslie and always will.” He said the last more to himself than to Cormag. Cormag was a rake and wouldn’t understand. He took a different woman to his bed each night, and sometimes more than one. 
Cormag shrugged carelessly. “If you want her so badly then…take her. We can capture her and keep her someplace for you.” 
Lachlan was in front of Cormag in the blink of an eye. He reached out and wrapped his hand around Cormag’s neck and caused the nails on his hand to turn into claws. He clenched his fist and his claws began to dig into the flesh of Cormag’s neck. “If you ever lay a single finger on Leslie I’ll rip your head off. Do I make myself clear?” Little trickles of blood began to form from where Lachlan’s nails were digging into Cormag’s neck. 
“Crystal.” Cormag struggled to gasp out.  
Lachlan released Cormag’s neck and stepped back. 
“What are you going to do now, Lachlan?” Clyde asked slyly. 
“The real question is what do you want us to do?” Irving cracked his knuckles, a gleam in his golden eyes. He was itching for a fight. 
“Nothing. Do nothing.” Lachlan started and smiled at the shocked looks on his friends’ faces. “For now. I’ll…” The dragon ran his hand through his wavy hair in a frustrated gesture. “Think of something. Crap. I can’t believe Magnus did that. He actually outplayed me, that sly bastard. I didn’t even see it coming. Touché, Magnus, touché.” Lachlan turned to go and headed towards the massive set of double doors. 
“Och, where are you going, Lachlan?” Cormag called out. 
“I’m going to go have sex.” Lachlan replied crudely. 
A leer formed on Cormag’s face. “Who? And may I join in?”
“None of your business. And…this one belongs to me for my exclusive use.” Lachlan shot a warning glare Cormag’s way. 
Cormag put his hands up in front of him in a surrendering gesture. “Whoa, no need to get hostile. She’s yours. Got it.” Stingy guy. 
Lachlan made his way to the stables, and tacked Duff. He rode through the castle gate and headed for Iona’s cottage. 
Two hours later…
Lachlan collapsed on top of Iona after having reached the peak of his pleasure. He pushed himself up and looked down at Iona’s otherworldly bi-colored eyes. “More…I need more.” His voice was low and husky with his need. 
Iona’s eyes widened and she smiled wickedly. “You know the price.” 
“Do it, witch.” Lachlan relented. 
Iona leaned forward, sank her fangs into Lachlan’s neck, and drank deeply. “Mmm.” 
Lachlan groaned and could feel himself growing aroused once more. He couldn’t seem to get enough of this strange woman. He began to move over her even as she continued to drink his blood. 
Once Iona was sated she removed her fangs from Lachlan and licked her lips. She lay back and looked up at Lachlan and noted his almost angry expression. “What’s wrong my Laird? Is it tasking being Clan Chief?” 
Lachlan stilled above her. “What did you say?” 
“Clan Chief…Magnus died. I know this because I’m the one who cursed him. And I can feel that my curse no longer exists in this world which means he’s dead.” Iona said simply, a delighted gleam in her eyes. That bloody wolf got what was coming to him. “And if he’s dead then you must be Clan Chief for there is no one greater or more powerful than you.” 
“I see. Why did you curse Magnus in the first place?” Lachlan asked curiously. 
“He refused to lie with me.” Iona huffed, her indignation obvious. 
Lachlan laughed cruelly. “The fool. Why would he turn down…this?” He grabbed her flesh and squeezed it roughly. Iona moaned agreeably. “But you’re wrong. I didn’t become Clan Chief. Magnus named Garth as Clan Chief.” 
Iona frowned and furrowed her brow in confusion. “Garth? But he’s been taken away by Pope Leo X’s Crimson Cross Order.”
It was Lachlan’s turn to frown. “What do you mean by that? Garth is still back at Castle MacWulver.” 
“Castle MacWulver? So it’s still called that? Then…it hasn’t happened yet, I suppose.” Iona tapped her bottom lip thoughtfully. 
“What hasn’t happened yet, witch?” Lachlan demanded. 
Iona’s bi-colored eyes gleamed. “Why your victory, my Laird. I saw a dream of the future. I know what you must do in order to defeat Garth. And I have the perfect pawn for you to use. A man who is a werewolf, but thinks he is just a normal man.” 
A savage smile curled Lachlan’s lips as he looked down at Iona. “Tell me more.” 
“Gladly.” 
To be continued in…Candy 11: Unicorn’s Breath




Chapter 11: Unicorn’s Breath

The following morning, Sasha’s internal clock woke her at seven o’clock in the morning. Her eyes snapped open and she sat up on her futon. She rubbed her eyes as she looked around her laboratory, and caught sight of Charming plugged into the wall and ‘charging’ while in ‘sleep mode’. A fond smile curled her lips as she looked at her perfect boyfriend. 
That’s when Sasha remembered about the special gumballs she and Charming had been up all night making. A wave of excitement crashed through her and her smile widened. “Oh, that’s right. The special gumballs. They’re finished! I can’t wait to show them to Garth!” Sasha leapt out of bed and ran over to her worktable where there was one large glass bowl filled with hundreds of red gumballs, and another large bowl filled with hundreds of blue gumballs. 
The mad scientist grabbed two black plastic bags, and filled one with the red gumballs and the other with the blue gumballs. She tied the bags off and then stuffed the two bags into a large backpack. 
Right after that, Sasha left the laboratory, took the elevator to the first floor where her clinic was, exited her clinic, and hailed a cab. She told the cabbie to take her to Helltastic Confectionary and off she went. 
If Sasha had known how to drive she could have taken her red convertible, but…she didn’t know how to drive. And yes, this was odd for a twenty-five-year-old woman. But Sasha had bad depth perception, was accident prone, and tended to be a spacey daydreamer and so her father had forbidden her from driving out of worry for her safety and the safety of everyone else on the road.
The cabbie glanced at Sasha in his rearview mirror and his eyebrows rose at her appearance. Was that gum in her hair? He wondered. The cabbie opened his mouth to say something, but then snapped it shut deciding not to comment. It was usually wiser to keep one’s distance from those ‘crazy types’. 
The cabbie pulled up right in front of Helltastic Confectionary. Sasha paid the cabbie and exited the car with her backpack. She turned to thank the cabbie and blinked when she saw the car driving away from her at an incredible pace. “Uh…thank you.” She said anyways as she waved at the departing car.
Sasha approached the front door and saw that it was ajar. A feeling of dread swept over her. “Garth.” She opened the door further and it was like déjà vu. Garth was lying in the center of the floor, facedown, and surrounded by a pool of blood that seemed to be bigger than the last time she’d discovered him like this. Also, this time Garth was buck naked. Sasha frowned at the sight, quickly went to his side, and crouched down beside him. She began to inspect his injuries. “Bullet wounds.” 
Sasha looked at the blood-covered floor and noticed the bullets, which had been pushed out of Garth’s body. The scientist reached out, picked up one of the bullets and inspected it. She clucked her tongue. “Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. Did he participate in another underground fight while trying to find the Red Priest? Just look at the state he’s in. His people must be very important to him. I wish I could remember about the Battle Priests.” 
Sasha pictured the set of large double doors in her mind, which blocked her memories of the past. She trembled in fear as she thought about opening it. No! She mentally snatched her hand back. She wasn’t ready to open that door yet. 
Sasha glanced at the open door, stood up, walked over to the door, and closed and locked it. The last thing Garth needed was for any of his customers to see him like this! 
The scientist set her backpack down and made her way to the bathroom. When she opened the door the kittens and Dusty all flew out. She greeted and pet the cats, and gave them food and water.
After the cats had been taken care of, Sasha fetched the first-aid kit and set about cleaning and disinfecting Garth’s wounds. As she wiped the blood off his muscular naked body with a towel she watched in amazement as his wounds began to close - right before her very eyes. “He really is…amazing. This demon male.” 
Sasha flipped Garth over onto his back and began to clean the blood off his battle-scarred chest. Garth began to stir awake. He groaned and then his eyes snapped open. He blinked up and saw Sasha’s face in his line of sight. “Sasha…?” He said sleepily as he sat up, scratched his head, and took in Sasha’s appearance. His eyes flared in shock. 
Sasha’s frizzy hair looked like she’d stuck her finger into an electrical socket, and she was covered in rainbow-colored gook from head to toe. She was wearing a white dress with pink flowers on it that might have been pretty at some point, but was now covered in splotches of sticky looking, rainbow-colored gook. 
The veterinarian looked like a rainbow had thrown up on her, and she’d been electrocuted or hit by lightning. Garth reached out, and cupped Sasha’s cheek in concern with his huge calloused hand. “What happened to you, lass?” 
Sasha blinked and gave Garth a spacey smile. “Me? I should be saying the same to you. You were shot full of holes. Were you in another street fight? Did you find out where the Red Priest is? Did you win? Why are you naked?” 
Garth chuckled at the barrage of questions. “That’s a lot of questions so early in the morning. I haven’t even had my coffee yet. Yes, I participated in another underground fight. This time it was more of a Death Game. I didn’t find out where the Red Priest is. I won. And I’m naked because I shifted into my Hellcat form at one point and my clothes were ripped off my body.” 
“Oh, good. I was worried something perverted had happened to you. I’m almost getting used to seeing you naked all the time. It’s strange that I’m not afraid of you because you’re real…” Sasha trailed off with a kooky look on her face.  
“Real?” 
“A real man.” 
“Demon, actually. So tell me what happened to you. Why do you look like a rainbow threw up on you?” Garth asked as he tried to pull a piece of something sticky out of her hair and then thought the better of it. 
There was a twinkle in Sasha’s normally dull blue eyes. “Oh, that’s because I’m a genius! I came up with a special candy product that you can sell for the holidays! You’re going to love it!” 
“Special candy product?” Garth had a bad feeling about this…
“Here. Let me show you.” Sasha went to fetch her backpack and then made her way back over to Garth. She sat down cross-legged with her backpack in her lap. She unzipped her backpack and pulled out the two bags of candy. Sasha opened one of the bags and saw that it was the one filled with the red gumballs. 
“Gumballs?” Garth asked as he saw the small red balls inside of the bag. 
“Not just any gumballs. These are special. Watch this.” Sasha plopped a gumball into her mouth and began to chew. A tingly sensation filled her mouth, and heat began to rise inside of her mouth next. When Sasha breathed out a blast of fire emerged from her mouth and lasted for five seconds.
Garth’s eyes bulged at the sight of Sasha breathing fire like a demon. “Holy crap! Did you just breathe fire? How did you do that?”
A sly smile curled the mad scientist’s lips. “Well, I made fire demon-based gum. I used a DNA sample from a fire demon, replicated the DNA using a PCR, altered the DNA so it would self-destruct in five seconds, and created a formula where the DNA and gum could be combined and result in enabling a person to breathe fire for five seconds.” Sasha explained excitedly. 
Garth scratched his head confusedly and an impressed look settled on his face. “Yeah, you lost me at DNA. You really are a genius, Sasha. Maybe you should try to come up with the cure for cancer while you’re at it.” He joked. 
Sasha blinked owlishly. “Oh, the cure for cancer has already been discovered.”
When she didn’t say more Garth had to ask. “Which is?” 
“Prayer.” She said with a serene smile. 
Garth raised an eyebrow at Sasha. “Prayer? I didn’t know you were religious. Most scientists tend to be atheists or agnostics.” 
“Ah, yes, the Big Bang Theory that billions of years ago the universe originated from the cataclysmic explosion of a small volume of matter at an extremely high density and temperature. The theory that all of this appeared randomly out of nothingness.” Sasha began to giggle uncontrollably as if the thought were absurd. 
Garth raised an eyebrow at her. “You don’t believe it?” 
“Picture a Rolex watch in your mind. Then picture whacking that Rolex into pieces with a hammer, putting all those pieces into a shoebox, and closing the lid. Now, imagine shaking the box. When you open the lid - what will you find, Garth?” Sasha gave the shifter an expectant look. 
“Uh…a broken watch?” Garth ventured. 
“Exactly.” Sasha nodded with a proud smile. “The watch can’t just randomly put itself back together again. Someone made that watch. Designed it. Carefully fit the gears together so that it would run properly. God is the greatest artist, designer and inventor there is.” 
“The evidence of His existence is clear for all to see, but most humans turn a blind eye to it. Humans tend to doubt God’s existence because they cannot see Him with their own eyes.” Garth shook his head despairingly. “Especially the humans of today that are living in such sophisticated urban societies. Their lives have become so convenient they feel they no longer need God. They’ve become completely immersed in the material world, and have distanced themselves from the spiritual world. And then when they can no longer hear His voice they decide to say He doesn’t exist.” 
Sasha nodded in agreement. “It’s sad really. Whenever I start to doubt my faith in God I just look into the eyes of one of his creations, one of my pets. I love animals. And it’s in them that I can see God. They’re all so beautiful, special and unique.” 
“Even your monster pets?” The shifter teased. 
“Yes, even them. God loves all of his creations equally - just the way they are. That goes for humans too. God likes diversity. That’s why he made everyone different. People should embrace their differences instead of judging each other for them.” The scientist clucked her tongue. 
“You think God loves…demons too?” Garth questioned softly. 
“What?” 
“Ah, never mind.” 
“Anyways, we’re getting sidetracked.” Sasha opened the other bag of gumballs to reveal the blue ones. “Watch this.” Sasha spit out the other gum, and plopped a blue gumball into her mouth and chewed. A tingly feeling filled her mouth and cold began to build. She opened her mouth and breathed out. A blue-white frosty cloud of breath left Sasha’s mouth. 
Garth’s eyes widened at the sight of Sasha’s icy breath. “Impressive. I’m guessing you used ice demon DNA to make those?” 
Sasha nodded. “Exactly. So…what do you think, Garth? Do you think these gumballs will sell?” She held her breath as she waited for his answer, and tapped the tips of her fingers together nervously. 
“Oh hell yeah they’ll sell.” Garth reached out and ruffled Sasha’s already messy hair. “They’re frickin awesome! People are going to freak!” 
“Really?” Sasha gave Garth a hopeful look. 
Garth nodded. “Definitely. And you tested them for side effects?” 
“Well, I tested them on myself and I’m okay, so yeah…” Sasha admitted carelessly. 
Garth was silent for a moment as Sasha’s words sunk in and his stomach felt like it was turning itself into knots. “You tested them on yourself? Sasha…that was incredibly irresponsible. You could have been hurt.” He chided her. He wanted to shake her, yell at her. He held himself back. 
“I wanted to help you.” Sasha pouted. 
“And I appreciate that, but…don’t ever put yourself at risk like that for my sake again, okay?” Garth cupped her cheek affectionately. This woman…risked herself for my sake. Bloody hell. She’s amazing.  
Sasha blushed as she read Garth’s mind. Eeee! He called me amazing. “I understand, Garth.” 
Garth stood up, and his golden eyes were sparkling with excitement. “I can’t wait to sell this candy. I guess I’ll open up shop now.” The shifter began to make his way over to the front door. 
Sasha looked at his naked butt. “Ah! Garth, aren’t you forgetting something?” 
Garth glanced over his shoulder at Sasha and raised an eyebrow at her. “Such as?”
Sasha giggled. “You’re buck naked. Unless this is a new PR strategy of yours?” 
Garth looked down at himself and flushed. “So I am. I’ll just go…change into some clothes then.” 
“Probably a good idea. And I’m supposed to be the spacey one, remember?” Sasha teased. 
“Aye.” Garth headed for the back of the store. 
Sasha called out to him: “Oh Garth, I’m going to get going, okay? I have a clinic and pet shop to run, you know.” 
A flicker of surprise crossed his gaze and he glanced over his shoulder at her. “Oh, aye, right, of course. Thanks again, lass. You’re a real lifesaver.” 
“Well, it’s the week before Christmas so it’s now or never to make the money you need. Good luck, Garth.” Sasha gave him a thumbs-up. She’d picked that up from Becca. 
“Thanks, lass.” Garth’s expression softened as he looked at her. 
Sasha tried to hide her surprise at that tender look Garth was giving her and left the shop. 
Garth pouted as he watched Sasha leave his shop. For a moment he thought Sasha was going to stay and sell the gumballs with him, but…she had her own responsibilities with her clinic and pet shop after all. 
Garth headed towards the back of his shop, went up the stairs to the second floor, and headed to his bedroom. He opened the door, stepped inside, and flicked on a light switch. The walls of Garth’s bedroom were covered in football, and martial arts movie posters featuring: Bruce Lee, Jet Li, Tony Jaa, and Jackie Chan. 
There was a storage bin on the floor filled with sports equipment: a football, a soccer ball, a baseball, and a baseball glove. Garth reached out, grabbed the football, and tossed it up into the air a few times. He missed playing football with his friends, but with everything that had been going on with trying to find the Red Priest and his business going down the tubes he hadn’t had time for leisurely activities. 
Garth had converted the third floor into a training room and gym, but hadn’t had the time to work out lately either. Although all the fighting he was doing at the fight clubs seemed to be doing a good job of keeping him in good shape. Garth tossed the football back into the storage bin. He really need to remember to toss out all of the busted up punching bags that were lying on the floor of his training room upstairs. 
Garth entered his bathroom, took a quick shower, brushed his teeth, and dressed in a random funny T-shirt Mal had bought him that had the cartoon cat Garfield on it, a pair of jeans, and sneakers. 
He made his way back down into his store, unlocked the front door, and flipped the open closed sign to open. He picked up the two bags of gumballs that had been sitting on the floor, and carried them over to his main display case. He set the bags on top of the counter, fetched two enormous glass bowls, and poured the gumballs into the bowls. 
He decided to price the gumballs at twenty dollars a pound. After all they were very special. Garth looked at the enormous bowl filled with hundreds of red gumballs, and the bowl filled with blue gumballs. Just sitting there like that they looked a little plain, he decided. 
And the gumballs needed a name. He stroked his chin in thought. “A name…” He looked at the red gumballs thoughtfully. “Dragon’s Breath Gumballs…” He looked at the blue gumballs next. “And…Unicorn’s Breath Gumballs. Aye, that sounds pretty cool.” Garth grabbed a white note card and wrote the name ‘Dragon’s Breath’ on the card, and drew the picture of a dragon on it. He taped this card to the outside of the bowl. 
Then he grabbed another card and wrote the name ‘Unicorn’s Breath’ on it, and drew a picture of a unicorn. He taped this card to the outside of the bowl containing the blue gumballs. Now his display looked much more professional. Alright. Now he had to just wait for his customers to arrive so he could show them his new product. 
“Oh yeah, I almost forgot.” Garth grabbed the headband with the fuzzy cat ears on it and placed it on his head. Alright! Now he was ready. 
A few hours passed, when the bell above the door jingled and three young women stepped inside. They were all bundled up because of how cold it was outside. The girls looked over at Garth, smiled, and greeted him in a friendly manner. “Hey, Garth.” “Hey Boss Man.” “Hello.” 
“Hello lassies. It’s sure cold out today. Doing your last minute Christmas shopping?” Garth asked in what he hoped was a casual and friendly manner. 
“Yeah, I still need to get my boyfriend something.” A girl with curly blonde hair said as she twirled a strand of her hair around her finger thoughtfully. When she let go of her strand of hair it bounced back into place like a slinky. 
“Way to rub it in, Melanie.” A plain girl with long brown hair and brown eyes chided. “I have to buy presents for my family.” 
“And I have to get presents for my friends.” A redhead added. 
“Do you have any recommendations, Garth?” Melanie questioned. 
“As a matter of fact, I do, lassies.” A roguish smile curled Garth’s lips. “I have a new very special product. And one of them will even be able to warm you up.” Garth waved his hand at the gigantic bowl of red gumballs. “These are called Dragon’s Breath Gumballs.” Garth waved his hand at the blue gumballs next. “And these are called Unicorn’s Breath Gumballs.” 
The three young women approached the display counter and looked at the gumballs curiously. 
Melanie raised her eyebrow at the two bowls of gumballs. “What’s so special about them? They look perfectly normal to me. Do they have a unique flavor or something?” 
Garth picked up a gumball and handed it to Melanie. “Here. Why don’t you try it? Chew it and then try breathing out. Oh and don’t breathe out in the direction of your friends. Unless you don’t like them very much.” He joked. 
“Er, alright. I’ll try it.” Melanie plopped the red gumball into her mouth and began to chew. She felt a tingly sensation, and then the inside of her mouth felt very hot. Her eyes bulged. It felt like she’d just bitten into a red-hot chili pepper! She opened her mouth and breathed out a blast of flames for five seconds. 
The three girls all looked at each other stunned, and wide-eyed. “Did I just see Melanie breath out a fireball?” The brunette asked.  
“Holy crap! I saw it too!” The redhead exclaimed excitedly. “It really happened! It’s like something out of a cartoon or something.” 
“I just…breathed fire.” Melanie said softly. “That’s…totally awesome!” 
“What do the blue ones do, Garth?” The brunette asked intently. 
“Why don’t you try it and find out.” Garth handed the brunette a gumball. 
The brunette plopped the gumball into her mouth and started to chew. She felt a tingly sensation inside of her mouth and then the inside of her mouth began to feel very cold as if she were sucking on an ice cube. She opened her mouth and let out an icy breath. 
“Ooo.” The redhead clapped her hands together. “That looked awesome just now, Emily.”
“These are…amazing.” Melanie was saying as she looked at the bowl of gumballs. “Would you mind if we take some pictures and videos of us chewing the gum to put up on our social media sites? It’ll be good promotion for you too.” 
Garth scratched his head and shrugged. He didn’t know too much about social media. “Sure. Why not?” 
For the next hour, the three young women began to take pictures and film videos of themselves chewing the special gumballs and breathing fire and ice. The girls quickly put their pics and videos up on facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube. 
“How much are you selling these gumballs for?” Melanie asked curiously. 
“Twenty dollars a pound.” Garth informed her. 
The three girls burst out laughing uproariously as if they’d just heard something extremely funny. Melanie wiped a tear from her eye when she was able to finally stop laughing. “Garth, that’s way too cheap.” She chided him. “Let me see…how many gumballs are in a pound?” 
“Fifty-three.” Garth said. 
“You should charge at least two dollars per gumball…so one hundred and six dollars a pound. Maybe more, but I’ve never seen a product quite like this before. It’s…incredible. One of a kind.” Melanie insisted. 
Garth’s jaw dropped. “That much? Do you really think people will be willing to pay that for a gumball?” 
Melanie nodded vigorously causing her blonde curls to bounce. “Definitely. People will pay outrageous sums of money for things as long as the product they’re buying is high quality.” 
“And unique.” Emily added.
“Alright. I’ll take your advice. But I’ll charge you lassies my original intended price since you gave me such good advice.” Garth winked at them. 
“Eeee!” The three young women squealed in excitement. “Thanks Garth!” “You’re the best!” “We love you!” 
Garth flushed at their friendly comments. He still wasn’t used to girls being nice to him, and not screaming in his face and running away. The shifter pinched his arm just to make sure he wasn’t dreaming. He was surprised to find that he was wide-awake. 
The three young women bought a pound of gumballs each and left the shop. Less than half an hour later, another group of young women entered the store and asked about the special gumballs. Garth demonstrated what the gumballs could do, told them the price, and the girls all went wild. 
Word of mouth through social media was a very scary thing. In just a few hours Garth had a steady stream of customers who wanted to buy Dragon’s Breath and Unicorn’s Breath gumballs. And they were really selling at two dollars each. That was one hundred and six dollars a pound! Garth couldn’t believe it. 
He’d be able to make the money he owed his landlady Mrs. Claire Barks in no time. A lot of the girls asked Garth for permission to take pictures and videos, and he readily allowed it. 
When Garth tried to close up shop at seven o’clock PM - it was impossible due to the long line of customers outside of his shop. Garth ended up working until midnight, when he told his rabid customers they’d have to come back tomorrow because he needed to get some sleep. 
“Awww!” The customers outside the shop had complained loudly. A lot of the customers were incredibly stubborn, and decided to camp outside. Unreal. With people camping outside his store like that he wouldn’t be able to participate in any fight club activities. Oh well, it’s just for this week before Christmas. Beating people into a pulp isn’t being very Christmassy anyways. 
Garth went up to his room, collapsed on his bed, and fell into a dreamless sleep. He awoke early the next morning, showered, brushed his teeth, and dressed. He went down to the first floor and began to flip on the lights. He looked out the front store window and his eyes bulged at the sight that met him. 
The line of people waiting to get inside of Helltastic Confectionary was now five blocks long. Holy crap! He had to call Sasha and tell her about this startling development. Garth whipped out his cell phone, and realized he didn’t have Sasha’s telephone number. 
I have to get it from her later. Garth put his phone away, approached the front door, and unlocked it. If he hadn’t weighed two hundred plus pounds and been six-eight, he would have been mowed over by his enthusiastic customers in their mad rush to get inside. 
As it was, Garth just smiled and chuckled at the overzealous humans. “Don’t worry, I have enough gumballs for everyone!” Thanks to Sasha. 
Day two selling gumballs at Helltastic Confectionary was similar to the first with Garth selling the gumballs all day and demonstrating what the gumballs could do to new customers. His customers also ended up purchasing some of his handmade animal-shaped lollipops and other candy products he offered in the store. 
During the workday, Garth wondered if Sasha was going to stop by…but she never did. He realized she must have been busy with last minute Christmas sales at her pet shop. Even Garth’s friends appeared to be too busy with their respective businesses to stop by and see how he was doing. His friends were never going to believe this. Garth’s candy shop had become the most popular candy shop in San Francisco practically overnight.
The rest of the week passed by in a similar manner. Garth was too busy selling Dragon’s Breath and Unicorn’s Breath gumballs to participate in fight clubs, and still didn’t have Sasha’s telephone number. Even Garth’s guardian angel Gabriel was strangely absent.
He shrugged. Oh well. It’s not like he needed a guardian angel anyways. He got this. I’ve got this. 
The day before Christmas arrived, and a lot of people considered this day to be the last shopping day. Garth unlocked the front door of his shop, feeling excited about how things would go that day. However-
Before Garth could let in his waiting customers several police cars with their sirens blaring loudly pulled up in front of his shop and parked. Quite a few cops exited their cars, and one who appeared to be in charge approached Garth with an authoritative air. 
The hair on the back of Garth’s neck prickled in warning. He had a bad feeling about this. 
The police captain approached Garth and stood in front of him. “Garth Mackenzie? Owner of Helltastic Confectionary?” 
“Aye. That’s me. What’s this about?” Garth asked as he crossed his brawny arms over his chest. 
“Garth Mackenzie, I hereby place you under arrest for the selling of weapons without the proper permits and licenses.” The police captain announced loudly. 
The gathered customers who’d been waiting to get inside the shop all groaned in response and many began to leave. 
“Weapons?” Garth raised a skeptical eyebrow at the police captain. “I’m selling candy. And I have the proper permits for that.” He huffed. 
“Candy…that can set a person’s home on fire is not normal candy. We haven’t even decided how many laws you’ve broken with this stunt. But for now you’re coming down to the station with us.” The police captain took out a pair of handcuffs.  
Garth was pissed. He could feel the anger welling up inside of him. Bloody hell. He was going to shift at this rate. This was so not good. 
“Wait!” A loud female voice objected.  
All eyes turned to see that a pink-haired woman had climbed up on top of one of the cop cars and was standing on its hood. “You can’t arrest that man! He had nothing to do with this. I made that candy! My name is Dr. Sasha Robinovitch. And if you’re going to be arresting anyone it’s going to be me. That man is innocent. I told him to sell the candy I made for me!” 
The police captain gave Garth a questioning look. “Is this true? She made the candy?” 
“Aye, but…I sold it. And I asked her to help me come up with a new product, so this is all my fault.” Garth argued. 
The police captain lowered his hand with the cuffs, and turned to face the men at his command. “Arrest that girl and get her down from there this instant!” He barked out the order. 
“Roger!” The cops yelled out and began to surround Sasha. 
Garth saw red. “Don’t you dare touch her.” He glared at the cops who all froze in fear at Garth’s murderous stare. He growled low in his throat. Garth started forward, however-
Two men abruptly grabbed Garth’s arms, and held him back. What the hell? Garth turned to glare murderously at whoever was stupid enough to try and hold him back in that moment, and saw that Malakye and his guardian angel Gabriel were the ones. Gabriel was currently dressed like a human in a T-shirt, pair of leather pants, and combat boots. His wings, sword and armor were absent. 
“You guys! Let me go! I have to save Sasha! I won’t let them touch a single hair on her head!” Garth let out a growling roar as he surged forward, and Gabriel and Malakye had to use all of their considerable strength to hold him back. 
“Garth, calm yourself at once! As happy as I am to see you worried about Sasha…if you really want to help her then you must calm yourself. What good would it do to transform in front of all these people, and land yourself in jail or worse - a zoo?” Gabriel waved his hand angrily through the air. “They’d probably decide to put you down for public safety. And how will you help her then? You’d be dead or locked away again.” 
Somehow Gabriel’s sensible advice managed to get through the red haze of Garth’s anger. “You’ll help me get her out of there, right, Gabriel? We can’t abandon her.” 
“Of course we won’t abandon her.” Gabriel readily assured. 
“And if there’s no other way I can teleport into the police station and teleport back out with Sasha.” Malakye offered. 
Gabriel shot Malakye a quelling look. “But first we have to try and handle this situation like normal law-abiding human citizens, got it? You boys need to try doing things normally for once.”
Garth watched as Sasha was helped down from the hood of the car and then handcuffed. He couldn’t stop his body from surging forward at the sight. “Grrrr!” 
“Quick! Help me get him inside, Mal!” Gabriel said as he began to drag Garth inside of the candy shop. 
“You got it.” Malakye assisted Gabriel to get Garth inside the shop. 
“I’ll kill those scumbags if they hurt her.” Garth rumbled as he watched them put Sasha into a cop car. 
“They won’t hurt her, Garth. Try and be reasonable for once in your life, and calm down.” Gabriel scolded. 
Malakye quickly shut and locked the door so that Garth couldn’t see Sasha leaving in the cop car. 
“Calm down? Calm down! They just arrested Sasha for helping me.” Garth put a hand to his chest. “She made this candy in order to help me. And I was too stupid to see the dangers it posed. I’m such a frickin idiot! Sasha is going to be locked up inside a prison cell because of me! Argh!” Garth punched a wall out of anger and left an enormous hole there. 
Malakye flinched at the sight. That poor wall…
“I’m partly to blame for this situation as well.” Gabriel admitted in a self-deprecating manner. “I wanted to give the two of you some space. I had no idea Sasha would…do something like this. She’s definitely a genius, but she can be very naïve at times. I should have been here for you both to stop this foolishness.” 
“ARGH!” Garth slammed his hands down on one of his display cases causing it to shatter. 
Malakye cautiously walked over to Garth and put his hand on his friend’s arm. “Hey, personally, I thought the gum was an awesome idea. It’s just…America is a land of laws. You should have gotten a patent first. And then tried to get the gum approved by the Food and Drug Administration. After that, you’d have to get the right permits and licenses. Since the fire is actually real the product really may be considered a weapon.” 
“A weapon.” Garth echoed and shook his head. “Crap.” 
“The reason you two got away with selling the candy for so long is that most people thought the videos of people breathing fire and ice was an online hoax. They thought it was special effects. No one believed you’d created a product to make people actually breath fire and ice! That was really amazing.” Malakye’s emerald green eyes were sparkling with obvious awe. “Sasha is a genius.” 
“Amazing…but dangerous. Dang it!” Garth picked up the bowl of Dragon’s Breath Gumballs and flung it across the room. It hit the wall and shattered. “I didn’t see the danger. I don’t think I’ll ever really fit in…in this world among the humans. I’m just doing more harm than good here. Maybe I should just return to Hell-”
“No!” Malakye burst out, a horrified look on his face. “You can’t give up now. Not when you’re so close!” 
Garth eyed Malakye suspiciously. “Close to what exactly?” 
Malakye shared a conspiratorial look with Gabriel. 
Gabriel let out a defeated sigh. “To redemption, Garth. Sasha…is your destined Judge.” 
Garth staggered backwards a few steps at this startling revelation, his eyes wide. He was floored. “Sasha…is a Judge? But…I don’t love Sasha. I don’t see her as a woman. I just see her as a good friend.” 
“Friendship is the basis for any real lasting relationship, Garth.” Gabriel lectured sternly. “There’s no need for you two to rush things.” 
“Whatever.” Garth shrugged not really wanting to talk about this nonsense. Love or romance was the last thing on his mind right now. “What’s your plan for getting Sasha out of jail, you bothersome angel.” 
“We’ll post bail.” Gabriel said simply. 
“What the hell does that mean?” Garth asked, his brow furrowed. 
“Bail is the amount of money required to keep Sasha out of jail while she’s waiting for her trial. If we post her bail she’ll be released from jail.” Gabriel explained. 
Garth raised an eyebrow at this. “We just have to pay something to get her out of there? I’ll pay whatever it takes.” 
“But Garth…the money you made is supposed to be for the rent you owe Mrs. Barks.” Malakye reminded him. “If you don’t pay your debt you’ll lose your shop.” 
“I don’t care about keeping this darn shop.” Garth waved his hand around the shop. “I only care about keeping Sasha safe. She’s my friend, and she’s in jail because of me. I’m getting her the hell out of there!” 
 “I see…okay, then.” A lopsided smiled formed on the alien’s face. “You sure you’re not in love with her, bro?” 
“Shut it.” Garth snapped. 
“It’s just the things you say are so romantic.” Malakye teased. 
“Shut it Mal, or I’ll shut it for you.” Garth cracked his knuckles menacingly. 
“Shutting up now.” Malakye squeaked and zipped his mouth with his hand. 
 ***
When the police captain opened the temporary holding cell at the San Francisco Police Station, Sasha froze as she looked at the other people inside. Apparently, she wasn’t going to be alone inside of a cell, but inside of a cell with a bunch of dangerous criminals. 
The police captain gave Sasha a little push and she squeaked as she stumbled inside of the cell. “Eek! Hey, wait!” Sasha spun around and watched as the police captain coldly locked the cell door and began to walk away. 
She swallowed nervously and turned back around to look at the people inside the cell with her. There were several muscular, thuggish looking men dressed in leather and with spiky haircuts. The women inside of the cell were all scantily clad, wore four to five inch heels that Sasha was surprised they could walk in, and were wearing a ton of makeup. 
“Hey, fresh meat.” One of the scantily clad girls stood up and sashayed towards Sasha. She walked around Sasha as if sizing her up. “What is up with that outfit of yours? You look like a mad scientist? Oh, are you role-playing? Are you a prostitute too?”  
Prostitute? “Uh…hello, my name is Dr. Sasha Robinovitch. And I come in peace.” Sasha stuck her hand out towards the woman nervously. The woman in front of her was wearing a long, blonde wig, a silver tube dress, and five-inch high silver shoes. 
The prostitute slapped Sasha’s hand away hard. “A doctor? What are you in for? Malpractice or something?” 
Sasha let out a defeated sigh. “I invented this bubblegum called Dragon’s Breath and Unicorn’s Breath.”
At the mention of the gum, everyone’s fierce demeanor changed abruptly, and they stopped glaring at Sasha menacingly. Their threatening expressions changed to awe, respect and even admiration. 
“Get outta town!” The prostitute shoved Sasha’s shoulder playfully. “You invented Dragon’s Breath?”  
Sasha nodded, absolutely terrified by this loud, punky prostitute. 
“That’s…frickin awesome, girl!” The prostitute exclaimed excitedly. “I’m actually in here because one of my clients got a little injured when I thought we could incorporate the gumballs into our kinky fun time. Let’s just say…certain parts of him got a little singed by accident.” She cackled merrily. 
Sasha’s eyes widened like saucers as she listened to what the prostitute was saying. She’d used the Dragon’s Breath gum to…what exactly? Sasha really didn’t want to know.
“I tried to use your gum to rob a bank!” A thuggish looking man piped up, smiling at Sasha in a friendly manner now. “The bank teller was so terrified when I breathed fire in his face that he actually pissed in his pants.” He chuckled. 
“Well, I’m in here because I accidentally set fire to my cubicle at work. But it was totally worth it.” A serious, clean-cut looking man in a suit added. “My boss is a total jerk.”
A large man with a beer gut approached Sasha. Sasha backed away from him until her back hit the cell bars. Eek! 
The man ripped the front of his shirt open, and Sasha nearly fainted until he handed her a Sharpie and said: “Can I please get your autograph? Right here?” He pointed to his beer gut. 
“Uh…sure.” Sasha signed her name with a flourish on the man’s stomach, and tried to stop her hand from trembling out of fear. 
“Sweet! Thanks, babe.” The thug smiled jollily. 
“Uh…no problem.” Sasha said nervously. 
“Ooo me next.” The prostitute said to Sasha. “Sign my arm.” She held her arm out to Sasha. 
“O-kay.” Sasha signed her name on the girl’s arm next. 
After that, all of Sasha’s cellmates either wanted her autograph or wanted to ask her questions about how she’d come up with the dangerous bubblegum. Sasha’s spirits fell as she listened to the things they were saying. I had no idea the gum could be used as a weapon. Or that it could end up hurting people. I invented a weapon. I didn’t even see the danger it posed to the public. I was so caught up in helping Garth that I was blinded to everything else. Sometimes I can be a real idiot even though I have an IQ of one hundred and sixty according to the Whechsler scale. 
One hour later, a police officer approached Sasha’s cell. “Dr. Sasha Robinovitch, you’re free to go.” The police officer began to unlock the cell door. 
“Huh? How? Why?” Sasha asked confusedly. 
“You posted bail.” The police officer explained in a droll tone. 
“I…did? Who paid…?” Sasha was in a daze as she exited the cell and began to follow the police officer through the station. Behind her Sasha heard her cellmates yelling their enthusiastic goodbyes and well wishes. 
There standing in front of the reception desk was that last person Sasha expected to see. “Father?” 
Dr. Lazar Robinovitch looked the same as the last time Sasha had seen her father, which had been two months ago during the Zombie Apocalypse scare in San Francisco. Dr. Lazar Robinovitch was a middle-aged man with messy, gray hair. His skin was a pasty white color from lack of going outside. A smart pair of round tortoise shell glasses was on his face, and he was wearing a white lab coat, black rubber gloves, and black boots.
“Sasha! My darling daughter!” Dr. Lazar Robinovitch rushed over to Sasha and pulled her into a hug. “Are you alright? Were you in there long?” 
“Father…I can’t breathe.” Sasha gasped out. 
“Oh, sorry, Sasha.” Dr. Robinovitch let Sasha go and stroked her pink hair. 
“And I’m fine Dad. Did you post my bail?” Sasha asked curiously. 
Dr. Lazar Robinovitch raised an eyebrow at his daughter and laughed. “Do you know what your bail was set at?” 
“No.” Sasha said dryly. 
“One million dollars.” Dr. Lazar Robinovitch revealed. “That’s how dangerous that bubblegum you invented is considered, apparently.” 
Sasha’s eyes widened like saucers. “One million dollars! What are they, crazy? Where did you get that kind of money?” She gave her father a suspicious look. 
“Oh, I didn’t pay it, Sasha.” Lazar waved his hand dismissively through the air. 
“Then who did?” Sasha frowned. 
“I did.” A low voice like gravel announced. 
Sasha turned to see a tall man with a commanding presence. He was dressed in a slick black suit with a black trench coat, and shiny dress shoes. The man had dark hair with a receding hairline, and had a pair of dark sunglasses on his face. Sasha recognized him as an associate of her father’s. “Ah, Agent Darkhart. Long time no see.” 
Agent Jay Darkhart was the leader of the ADTF - the Anti-Demonic Terrorism Force. The ADTF was a top-secret government organization charged with protecting America from demonic threats. 
Sasha’s father, Dr. Lazar Robinovitch, currently worked for the ADTF, and was in charge of producing genetically-enhanced super soldiers by combining the soldiers’ DNA with demon DNA. This resulted in soldiers that were strong and powerful enough to fight on par with a demon in hand-to-hand combat. So far the super soldiers ended up with supernatural strength, but also had the misfortunate to end up with horns, tails or wings in some cases. Also, unlike demons the soldiers were unable to will their demonic characteristics away.
“Hello, Sasha. It’s good to see you again. Though it would have been preferable under different circumstances.” Agent Darkhart drawled as he ran his hand over his receding hairline. 
“You posted my bail…why?” Sasha gave the agent a suspicious look. 
“I want to buy the formula for the gum you invented.” Agent Darkhart revealed as he adjusted the sunglasses on his face. 
Sasha’s eyes narrowed at Darkhart. “You want to use my gum as a weapon to fight demons, don’t you?” 
“Precisely, my dear.” Agent Darkhart nodded. “You catch on quick.” 
Sasha frowned. “That gum…wasn’t supposed to be dangerous. It wasn’t supposed to be a weapon. It was supposed to be whimsical, magical…” Tears began to fill Sasha’s blue eyes. 
“You were being naïve, Sasha.” Agent Darkhart chided her. 
“I didn’t want my invention to hurt anyone.” Sasha wrapped her arms around torso. “I hate fighting. I hate violence. So why can’t I escape it? I just want to live my life in peace…” Tears began to stream down Sasha’s face. 
“Who the hell made Sasha cry?” A low growling voice demanded as Garth appeared next to Sasha and wrapped a protective arm around her shoulders. 
Sasha gasped and looked up at Garth in surprise. “Garth, what are you doing here?” 
Garth looked down at Sasha and his expression softened. “I’m here to pay your bail.” 
Agent Darkhart cleared his throat loudly. “I’ve already posted her bail, Garth Mackenzie.” 
That voice! Garth whipped his head around to see Agent Darkhart. “Agent Darkhart? What the hell are you doing here?” He glared fiercely at the agent who’d given him and his friends so much trouble in the past. 
“Getting Miss Sasha out of a huge mess apparently.” Agent Darkhart drawled and spread his hands out before him. 
Dr. Lazar Robinovitch pinned Garth with a scrutinizing stare. “He’s Garth Mackenzie? The owner of the candy shop?” He stalked over to Garth, whipped out a taser, and shocked Garth with it. “Get your hands off my daughter!” 
“Hey!” Garth exclaimed as he pushed Sasha away from him so she wouldn’t be shocked as hundreds of volts of electricity were sent coursing painfully into his body. “Sasha could have been hurt! What were you thinking, you crazy old man!” 
“Dad!” Sasha burst out in a chiding tone. “You don’t just taser people! Geez!” 
“Crazy old man, he says.” Lazar echoed darkly. 
“Sasha, who is this quack?” Garth asked in an irritated tone. 
“Ah, that’s my father, Dr. Lazar Robinovitch.” Sasha replied airily. 
Garth’s jaw dropped. “Your father…? Oh crap.” So much for making a good first impression on this guy. 
“And you’re the man who got my daughter into a whole mess of trouble. Where do you get off using my daughter’s genius to make yourself some quick cash, hmm?” Lazar lunged the taser at Garth again. Garth lithely dodged the attack. “How dare you treat my Sasha like your own personal mad scientist!” 
“Dad, it wasn’t like that.” Sasha objected as she watched Garth dodging getting tased. “I wanted to help Garth. He’s my…friend.” 
“That man is your friend?” Lazar took in the scar running across Garth’s face, his murderous gaze, and his towering height. “Impossible. He looks like a criminal. He’s threatening you to make him the gum, isn’t he?” 
Garth’s eyes narrowed at the scientist. “I would never threaten your daughter. She’s my friend. I came to pay her bail.” 
“It was one million dollars, in case you want to pay me back.” Agent Darkhart drawled casually. 
“One million dollars?” Garth staggered back in shock. “That’s frickin insane!” 
“You two didn’t realize the gravity of your actions in selling that gum to the public. You’re lucky there weren’t casualties. You both easily could have been labeled terrorists.” Agent Darkhart scolded them in a condescending manner. 
Garth grit his teeth angrily and forced himself to bite back a scathing reply. That creep loves going around and labeling everyone a terrorist!
“But I’m offering Sasha a way out of all this mess. I just want the formula for the gum Sasha invented.” Agent Darkhart turned to Sasha. “I’ll make sure that all the charges against you are dropped and that this arrest will be taken off your record, if you comply, Sasha.” He informed her and his thin lips quirked into a sly smile. 
Sasha’s lower lip trembled and she shot Garth a questioning look. “He wants to turn our gum into a weapon, Garth.” There was a slight tremor to her voice.
“So you’re the one who made her cry earlier, didn’t you?” Garth crackled his knuckles as he glared fiercely at Agent Darkhart. “I should beat you.” 
“You want to get my daughter into more trouble, I see.” Lazar said scathingly. 
Garth tried to rein in his anger. Lazar was right. He was going to screw things up for Sasha again. Crap. He ran a hand back through his spiky orange hair. He sighed, and then shrugged. “Just give him the formula, Sasha.” 
“What?” Sasha was incredulous. 
“I’m sure you can come up with even better inventions than the gum. After all you are a genius.” Garth tapped her forehead. “And this time you can come up with something that’s not so dangerous. Also, it’s not like our gum is that dangerous anyways. They may want to weaponize it, but…the fire breathing only lasts five seconds. At best, it could be used as a scare tactic or deterrent like for self-defense. Your gum would probably end up saving lives. It’s better to back down because you see a man breathing fire and drop your gun instead of getting shot full of holes.” 
Lazar smacked a hand to his forehead in exasperation. “This man is an imbecile.” 
“No, that actually makes sense.” Sasha spoke up, smiling up at Garth. “You’re right, Garth. My gum isn’t that dangerous…and there’s always the option of creating something less dangerous and new.” Sasha nodded to herself, the wheels in her sharp mind already beginning to turn with new ideas. She faced Agent Darkhart. “Alright, Agent Darkhart I will sell you my formula.” 
“Excellent. I knew you would see the light.” Agent Darkhart looked at Garth thoughtfully. “You’ve made a very interesting friend, Sasha.” 
Garth flinched. Agent Darkhart knew he was a demon and wondered if he’d tell Sasha’s father! Crap. Will Agent Darkhart tell Dr. Lazar Robinovitch that I’m a demon? He’ll hate me even more then. What if he forbids me from seeing his daughter? 
“Un-friend him this instant!” Lazar commanded Sasha. 
“Dad, this isn’t facebook. Real life doesn’t work like that.” Sasha corrected in an exasperated tone. She’d heard Garth’s thoughts and quickly sought to reassure him. 
“Well, maybe it should.” Lazar huffed and crossed his arms over his chest. 
“Sorry, father, but I don’t plan to end my friendship with Garth anytime soon.” Sasha smiled brightly at Garth. 
Garth’s eyes widened at her kind smile. There was something oddly familiar about it. And her eyes…they were usually dull, but now they were sparkling. Why do I feel like I’ve seen this smiling face directed at me before? 
To be continued in…Candy 12: Candy Cane




Chapter 12: Candy Cane

Sasha had just finished getting dressed when she heard someone pounding on the door of her clinic. She frowned as she looked at her watch. It wasn’t even seven o’clock yet. And Charming was still charging his internal battery. Who could it be? Sasha wondered. 
The veterinarian made her way through the clinic, and entered the reception room. Sasha walked over to the front door warily and opened the door. She blinked at the unexpected sight before her. 
“Sasha! There you are! Come on. We’re going to be late.” It was Rebecca Thorn, Derek Dearg’s fiancée. She was dressed in another trendy flower-print dress, a pair of flat boots, and a jacket to protect her against the cold. She’d also accessorized her outfit with a black fedora, and red and black scarf. 
Becca reached out, grabbed Sasha’s hand, and began to pull her towards a Volkswagen Beetle that was hot pink, and had been painted with flowers on it for a very hippie effect. 
“L-Late? Late for what?” Sasha asked, feeling bewildered. 
Becca gave Sasha a frustrated look. “Didn’t you get my invitation? I’m getting married to Derek today! And my Maid of Honor, Issy Sweet, and bridesmaid, Vivien Tempest, and I are all going together to get our hair and makeup done at James Colgan - the salon I took you to last time. Oh, and you’re one of my bridesmaids too, by the way. And that’s why we’ve got to get you ready. You can’t go to my wedding dressed like that.” Becca looked over what Sasha was wearing: her usual goggles, white lab coatdress, and thigh-high leather boots with buckles. She shook her head despairingly. “It would be a total fashion emergency! And you’re one of my bridesmaids, so…yeah. As a famous fashion blogger I can’t let that happen. Hurry up, I’m freezing my butt out here!” 
“Your wedding…?” Sasha said dazedly as Becca opened the rear car door, and motioned for Sasha to get inside the car. Sasha got inside the car and scooted over along the seat to make room for Becca. 
Becca scooted herself inside, and shut the door quickly. “Brrr! It’s freezing out there! Issy, turn up the heat, girl.” 
“Okay. You got it.” A young woman, who was seated in the driver’s seat behind the wheel, agreed. She was as pink as her car. The woman had a delicate, oval-shaped face with a pert, sloping nose, wide brown eyes, and cute, pouty lips. She was wearing a bubblegum-pink wig. She had on a Gothic Lolita style dress that was pink with white frills and ruffles. To complete her look she had on black and white striped stockings and a pair of shiny Mary Jane shoes. 
Sasha quirked her head at the unusual looking young woman. It was like looking at a porcelain doll that had come to life. 
“Allow me to make the introductions. Sasha, I’d like you to meet my Maid of Honor, Issy Sweet.” Becca waved her hand at the doll-like woman. “She owns a bakery called Dolly’s Tea Party Bakery. She’s a patissiere. Issy, this is Dr. Sasha Robinovitch. She’s a veterinarian.” 
Issy reached behind her seat, stuck out her hand for Sasha to take, and offered the veterinarian an amiable smile. “Hi, nice to meet you, Sasha.” 
Sasha took Issy’s hand and shook it. “Nice to meet you too.” Why is she being so nice to me? I’m a complete stranger. She shifted uncomfortably on her seat.
“Sasha, I’d also like you to meet my bridesmaid, Vivien Tempest. She’s an action heroine, and is engaged to Levi Devlin, the owner of a seafood restaurant called Poseidon’s Trident. Vivien, meet Sasha.” Becca introduced in her southern drawl. 
Vivien Tempest was seated in the front passenger’s seat. She was a tall, lithely muscled woman with long, straight blonde hair, and bright sea-green eyes. She was wearing a leather jacket, black tank top, skinny jeans, and red boots. A red scarf was tied around her neck and completed her Hollywood look. 
Vivien glanced over her seat at Sasha, and her eyes grew big, just as Sasha’s did the same. 
“Ah!” Both girls exclaimed at the same time as they recognized each other. 
“It’s you. I remember you.” Sasha began. “You and Levi visited my pet shop once.” She knew Levi since she’d saved his life about three years ago when her friend Ambrose Rune had brought Levi to her veterinarian clinic after he’d almost been vivisected by the ADTF and Agent Darkhart. 
Vivien nodded. “Yeah, I remember you too. It’s nice to see you again.” She offered Sasha a dazzling smile. 
“I watched your performance in The Little Merman. You were amazing. Can I have your autograph?” Sasha shyly asked. “Pen…where’s a pen?” She began to search her lab coat for a pen. 
Vivien blushed slightly and laughed. “I’d be happy to give you my autograph Sasha, but only if I can have yours too.” 
Sasha blinked at Vivien in confusion. “Mine? Whatever for?” 
“Becca told us all about how you were the one who developed a cure for the zombie virus that almost caused an Apocalypse in this city. You saved this city, Sasha. I may be an action heroine and star in a lot of movies as a heroine, but you’re a real hero.” Vivien praised passionately. “Not to mention, that time you saved Levi about three years ago. He told me about that. I never really did thank you for that either.” 
Sasha flushed. “Me? A hero? I’m just…a veterinarian. I did what any scientist would do, really.” 
“More like you’re a genius!” Issy argued. “I could never do something like that. The most complicated thing I can cook up is a wedding cake! By the way, Becca, you are going to love the cake I made you!” 
Becca smiled, and her lime-green eyes were sparkling with obvious excitement. “I can’t wait to try it, Issy.” 
“Alright, now that we’ve gotten the introductions out of the way, let’s get this show on the road!” Issy took her car out of park, pulled out of her parking spot, and swiftly merged into traffic at a high speed that had the tires screeching. 
Sasha found herself pushed up against the side of the car door. Issy’s driving was crazy! “We’re all going to die.” Sasha deadpanned. 
Becca and Vivien laughed at Sasha’s concern. “Vivien and I are used to Issy’s kooky driving.” Becca drawled. 
“So Sasha, Becca’s told us all about how she’s trying to hook you up with Garth Mackenzie.” Vivien began in a conspiratorial tone. “She’s such a matchmaker, and a busybody!” 
“Garth? We’re just friends. And besides, I have a boyfriend.” Sasha argued. 
“Who?” Issy asked curiously. 
“She’s talking about that robot I told you girls about.” Becca explained with a wave of her hand. “The one with the princely attitude named Charming.” 
“Oh, the robot.” Vivien said dismissively. 
Sasha frowned at the girls’ flippant attitude. These girls had no idea how good Charming was to her. He cooked, cleaned, took care of her, massaged her aching shoulders, and helped her out at the clinic. She felt the need to defend him bubble up inside of her and overflow. “Charming is the perfect boyfriend.” 
Issy giggled happily. “She’s in love with a robot. How romantic.” 
“I want her to be in love with Garth.” Becca huffed in a frustrated manner. “You should see the way he looks at her. He’s a bit dense, but I know he likes her. And Garth doesn’t like anyone. They would make such a cute couple.” 
“The mad scientist and the Highlander Hellcat.” Vivien thought aloud in a pensive tone. “Has a nice ring to it, I think. They should turn that into a movie I can star in. I should make a call to my agent.” 
Mad scientist? Sasha thought sourly, even if it was true. “You’re wrong, Becca. I know Garth only sees me as a friend.” 
Becca raised an eyebrow at her. “How can you be so sure?” 
Because I can read his mind. Sasha thought to herself, feeling oddly depressed for some reason. “I just am.” 
“Well, let’s see if he still sees you as just a friend after he catches a glimpse of you in the bridesmaid’s dress I had made specially for you!” Becca nudged her elbow into Sasha’s side. “It’s very sexy.”
“You had a dress made for me?” Sasha asked in surprise. “You shouldn’t have gone to so much trouble.” You hardly know me…
Becca waved her hand dismissively through the air. “I had dresses made for Issy and Vivien too. I want my Maid of Honor and bridesmaids to look spectacular. I plan to take a lot of pictures and put them up on my fashion blog after all. It will be good promotion.” 
“Oh, I see.” Sasha felt uncomfortable by how nice these girls were being with her. “Why me?” She asked in a small, tremulous voice. 
“Why what?” Becca asked with a tilt of her head. 
“Why do you want me and Garth to get together so badly? Why me?” Sasha questioned. 
Becca tapped her chin in thought. “Well, for starters…you’re awesome. You’re a total genius. And very humble. You’re cute, sweet, and kind. Garth is best friends with Derek, Levi, Mal and Tristan…so you’d become a part of our group, and we could all hang out together. It would be great. Ah, Tristan is Issy’s husband, you haven’t met him yet.” 
Tears began to well up in Sasha’s eyes due to Becca’s unexpected kindness. “You’d want to hang out with a weirdo like me? Even though I’m…crazy?” 
Becca’s eyes widened in shock when she saw that Sasha was about to cry. “Ah, don’t cry. Come here!” The southern belle reached out and hugged Sasha affectionately. “If you start crying…I’m going to cry too because I’m all hormonal because I’m pregnant! And you’re not crazy. You’re like all of us. We’re…unique. Normal is overrated anyways, Sasha. Who wants to be a sheep following the masses when you can be a leader? You’re our friend now, Sasha, even if you and Garth don’t get together, okay?” Becca reassured the veterinarian as she stroked Sasha’s hair. 
Sasha sniffled and tried to hold back her tears. “Okay.” She was so used to people rejecting her, giving her condescending or disgusted looks, and calling her ‘crazy’ or ‘weirdo’. She’d never been accepted like this before. Never had friends like this before. It meant a lot to her. 
The hardest thing about losing her memories had been when she’d asked her father about her friends and her father had told Sasha that she didn’t have any friends. It had broken her heart. 
A protective feeling began to well up inside of Sasha for these three women who’d offered her friendship. Friends…I have friends now. I’ll protect them. I won’t fail to protect them again. Again? Sasha tried to remember if she’d ever had friends before - friends she’d let down and her head began to throb in pain. I can’t remember…
“It’s hard to find people that will easily accept the knowledge that demons, vampires and other supernatural beings exist.” Vivien said solemnly. 
Supernatural beings. “Levi is…?” Sasha knew that Levi was a nonhuman since she was able to read Levi’s mind, but was unsure of what kind of nonhuman he was.
“Levi is a merman.” Vivien revealed. 
Sasha’s eyes grew wide and then she understood. Levi Devlin had played the part of the Merprince in the Disney remake of The Little Merman, but he hadn’t really been playing a part at all. He was a real merman. It also made perfect sense now why Levi would start stripping off his clothes anytime he saw water. His pull to water was in his merman blood and could not be ignored. 
“I like his blue hair.” Issy said randomly. “My husband Tristan is a half-incubus demon. Levi is a merman. Derek is a vampire. Garth is a Hellcat shifter. And Malakye is a plant alien.” 
Sasha had already known about Garth and Derek, but not Tristan and Malakye. “An incubus?” She blushed when she thought that that meant Tristan was some kind of sex demon. Then she thought of the nerdy Goth Malakye. “A plant alien? You mean…he’s from outer space?” Her mind felt like it was spinning. 
Becca nodded. “Yep. He has glowing silver skin. That’s why he wears that white makeup.” 
“Silver skin?” Sasha tried to imagine what Malakye would look like with his silver skin and smiled. It suited him. “It’s a shame he has to cover it up. I bet it looks amazing.” 
Becca hugged Sasha again. “And that’s why we like you! We’re all on the same weird wavelength. Isn’t she just perfect, girls?” 
“Yep.” Issy readily agreed, nodding, and causing the pink curls of her wig to bounce with the motion. 
“Definitely.” Vivien nodded. 
Becca whipped out her smart phone. “Let’s all exchange phone numbers before we forget.” The other girls agreed and everyone exchanged cell phone numbers with Sasha. 
Less than half an hour later, Issy parked her Beetle two blocks away from the James Colgan salon. The girls exited the car, and speed walked to the salon because it was freezing out. 
When the four women entered the salon they were greeted by the hairdresser James and his makeup artist Erika. “Becca! You’re late!” James chided fretfully. 
“I know, James. I’m so sorry!” Becca gave James an apologetic look. 
James put his hands on his hips and tsked. “Oh well. Whatever. Come on, I’m going to wash your hair first. I’ll have my employees wash the hair of your friends.” 
“Alright.” Becca readily agreed. 
“It’s good to see you again, Sasha.” James added with a wink. 
“Hi.” Sasha greeted shyly. 
The four women had their hair washed, trimmed, blow-dried, and lastly styled. Erika, the makeup artist, had fun doing everyone’s makeup after that. 
Sasha watched as James styled Becca’s hair beautifully, adding regal braids to it until her hair looked like something Daenerys Targaryen from the HBO original series Game of Thrones would wear. It made Becca look like a medieval princess. 
Issy’s natural hair color was multicolored highlights: dark brown, light brown, golden blonde, and black. Her shoulder-length hair was styled into a cute updo with a pink flower clip. 
Vivien’s blonde hair was styled into a slick ponytail updo with a braid wrapped around the ponytail’s base. 
Sasha’s pink hair was left down, and styled simply to cascade around her shoulders in soft waves. James made two braids on either side of Sasha’s face, and brought the braids up behind her head and clipped them together. 
Sasha was the last one to get her makeup done, and when she reached for the hand mirror to see her reflection Becca stopped her. The blogger placed her hand on Sasha’s, and there was a mischievous twinkle in her lime-green eyes. “I don’t want you to look at your appearance until you’re wearing your bridesmaid’s dress. That way you’ll see the full effect, and be amazed.” 
“Most brides-to-be want to make sure their bridesmaids look uglier than them. But it’s like you want Sasha to look better than you or something.” Vivien pointed out astutely. “What’s up with that?” 
“I’m just excited to see the look on Garth’s face when he sees Sasha looking like a real woman.” Becca said in her southern drawl. 
A sudden thought came to Issy as she realized something, and frowned in a worried manner. “Isn’t tonight the night of the full moon? Isn’t that a bit…dangerous?” 
“Full moon?” Sasha gave Issy a curious look. 
“Ah!” Becca waved both her hands through the air and gave Issy a quelling look, which clearly said ‘shut up’. “Don’t worry about it. Everything will work out perfectly. I trust Garth. You’ll see.” 
Vivien and Issy both shared a skeptical, concerned look, but remained silent. 
 ***
After the girls were finished with their hair and makeup, Issy drove everyone to Becca’s home. Becca lived with Derek in a four-story, brick, Victorian townhouse. The first floor of the townhouse was Derek’s business Voodoo Tattoo. Derek was a tattoo artist by day, and a vampire hunter by night. 
Becca escorted the girls inside her home, and took them directly to her room. Once inside, she handed each girl a garment bag, which contained a bridesmaid’s dress, and in Issy’s case, her Maid of Honor dress. 
Becca picked up her own garment bag and headed into the bathroom to change into her wedding dress. 
Vivien, Issy, and Sasha opened their garment bags, and changed into their dresses. Once Sasha was finished putting on her dress and shoes, she turned to see how the others were doing with their dresses. 
Issy Sweet’s dress was made out of the same dark red silk material that all the dresses were made out of. Her dress looked doll-like, had puffed sleeves, and flared at the knees with ruffles. She’d paired the dress with black stockings, and black Mary Jane shoes. 
Vivien Tempest’s dress was high-necked with a long, straight silhouette. It hugged her curves perfectly, and accentuated the fact Vivien had long legs. The action heroine was wearing a pair of red high heels. 
Vivien and Issy turned to look at Sasha, and they both gasped simultaneously, making Sasha immediately feel uncomfortable and worried. “What? What’s wrong? Do I look…weird?” 
“No, Sasha.” Issy shook her head vigorously. “You look…beautiful.” 
“Come over here, and take a look in the mirror.” Vivien motioned for Sasha to approach the full-length mirror attached to the open closet door. 
Sasha warily approached the mirror, stood in front of it, and peered at her reflection. Her eyes widened like saucers, and she reached her trembling hand out towards the glass. “Is that really me?” Sasha’s smoky eyes and red lips made her look much more mature and seductive. Erika was really a genius makeup artist. 
The red silk dress had a plunging v-neck that showed off some cleavage. The dress hugged and molded to Sasha’s curves, and even though she thought she was too skinny she looked good. The high heels she was wearing made her five-eight. 
Vivien put a hand on Sasha’s shoulder. “Yep. That’s you.” 
“Garth is gonna freak when he sees her!” Issy said excitedly, practically jumping up and down with excitement. 
“Definitely.” Vivien agreed. 
Becca exited the bathroom at that moment, looking absolutely stunning. Her wedding dress was of a medieval design. The dress had a dark red strapless bodice, and a long, flowing, white skirt that had a long train. The sleeves were a separate garment. From Becca’s upper arm to her elbow the sleeves were tight and made of a dark red silk material. At her elbows the sleeves changed to a white, silk material, and belled and draped down almost to the floor. Celtic symbols and designs had been embroidered into the red silk of the bodice and sleeves with golden thread. 
“Becca, you look amazing.” Vivien complimented with misty sea-green eyes. 
Issy was dabbing her brown eyes with a pink handkerchief. “Oh Becca, you look…beautiful.” 
Becca’s eyes were teary, but not for the reason her bridesmaids and Maid of Honor expected. “I can’t zip it up.” She muttered in a low voice. 
“What was that?” Vivien asked. 
“I can’t zip it up! I’m a big fat pig!” Becca burst out. “And I can’t even fit into my own wedding dress! Derek will never want to marry me!” 
“Becca, you’re not fat - you’re pregnant.” Vivien reminded calmly. 
“Uwhah!” Becca started to cry. “I’m not even a virgin! I shouldn’t be wearing white! Cinnia was a virgin!” 
“Who’s Cinnia?” Sasha asked confusedly. 
“Oh, that was Becca’s name in her past life.” Issy informed her nonchalantly. 
“Past life?” Sasha questioned, feeling confused. 
“It’s a long story.” Issy said casually. “But I’ll tell you all about it at the reception party.”
“Come on, girls, let’s help Becca zip up that dress! This is what bridesmaids and Maid of Honors are for!” Vivien declared, a fierce look on her face. She was always the practical one. 
“Alright! You got it! We got this!” Issy readily agreed and tried to reassure Becca as best she could. 
The three young women rushed over to Becca, and began to try and zip up her wedding dress. “You two push the two sides of the back of her dress together, and I’ll zip it up.” Vivien directed them in an authoritative manner. 
“Okay.” Sasha agreed. 
“Alright.” Issy said. 
Vivien began to zip the dress up, until-
The sound of ripping fabric filled the bedroom. 
“W-What was that?” Becca demanded. 
Vivien paled and dropped her hands. “Oh my God…I just ripped your wedding dress. I’m so sorry, Becca.” 
“It’s a sign!” Becca cried. “Maybe I shouldn’t get married to Derek after all! Uwhah!” Tears began to stream down her freckled face. 
“Ah! Don’t cry! You’ll make your mascara run!” Issy panicked, whipped out a handkerchief, and began to dab it beneath Becca’s eyes. “You don’t want to look like a raccoon at your own wedding.” 
Sasha looked at the ripped back of Becca’s dress thoughtfully. “It looks like an open wound that needs to be stitched together.” Light bulb. “That’s it. Becca, do you have a needle and thread?” 
Becca sniffled. “Huh? Yeah, in the second drawer of my dresser over there. I have a sewing kit.” She waved her hand in the dresser’s direction.
Sasha walked over to the antique dresser, opened the second drawer, and began to rummage around inside as she looked for the sewing kit. She found it, and was about to shut the drawer when she noticed a roll of gold ribbon. She grabbed the ribbon, a pair of scissors, and the sewing kit before approaching Becca. “Don’t worry, Becca, I have an idea on how to save your dress’s life.” 
“You do?” Becca questioned with a hopeful note to her quivering voice. 
“Leave it to me. Beginning operation.” Sasha quickly began to fix the back of Becca’s dress. She removed the zipper and sewed up the ripped part. Then she made holes where she would be able to lace the golden ribbon through. Sasha tied the golden ribbon so that there was a line of gold Xs crisscrossing down Becca’s back ending in a bow. 
All of the women in the room remained silent and held their breath as they watched Sasha work. 
Ten minutes later, Sasha was wiping the sweat from her brow with the back of her hand. “Phew. The operation was a success.” The scientist annoucned as she finished tying the bow at the end. 
Issy clapped. “Ooo, I like it. You could be a fashion designer, Sasha.” 
“It looks sexy.” Vivien agreed. “Go take a look, Becca.” 
Becca walked over to her dresser, grabbed a hand mirror, and then approached her full-length mirror. She turned her back to the mirror and peered at her reflection in the hand mirror so she could see her back. Her eyes widened as she saw the crisscrossing golden ribbon going down her slightly exposed back. It looked…amazing. Becca smiled. “Wow. Who would have thought Miss Walking Fashion Emergency would be the one to solve a fashion emergency. Now I feel bad for dissing your mad scientist look, Sasha. My dress looks amazing. Thank you. You really saved the day! And my dress.” The blogger gave Sasha an emotional look. 
Sasha blushed at Becca’s heartfelt thanks. “I’m just glad I could be of some help.” 
“Ah! No more crying, Becca! I forbid it!” Issy blurted out when she noticed the emotional look on Becca’s face. 
“Just like sewing up a wound.” Sasha added. 
The girls looked at Sasha before they burst out laughing, and Sasha soon joined them. 
 ***
A limo took the girls from the townhouse to the St. William’s Church. Sasha, Vivien, Issy and Becca exited the limo, and approached the front doors of the Gothic-style church. Vivien turned to Sasha and spoke: “The Maid of Honor and bridesmaids enter first. Then we go stand on the left side of the altar. I’ll show you where since you didn’t get to come to our rehearsal…just follow me and don’t worry, okay?” 
Sasha nodded and clutched her trembling hands together tightly. She was so nervous. She didn’t want to ruin Becca’s wedding by doing something stupid. No pressure. It’s not like Becca’s lifelong happiness depends on this moment. Oh, wait, yes it does. I’m so screwed! 
Issy Sweet, the Maid of Honor, entered the church first, and the organ began to play a classical song. The wedding march would play when Becca entered through the church double doors. 
Then it was Vivien’s turn. “Count to twenty and then enter.” The actress directed Sasha as she smoothed her hands down over her flawless looking red dress, and then made her entrance. 
Sasha counted to twenty, took a deep breath to steel her nerves, and entered the church. A cold winter wind blew the double doors shut behind her with a loud bang causing her to jump. It was suddenly so much warmer inside. The first thing Sasha noticed when she entered the church were the incredible flower arrangements decorating the pews and the area around the altar. 
The exotic, otherworldly flowers were unlike any she’d ever seen before. Most of the arrangements were made with a large red lily that had electric blue stripes. It was a type of lily she’d never seen before and wondered if it was tropical. There were other flowers too: blue and orange ones, red and blue ones, and purple and orange ones. They appeared to be swaying to the organ music as if they were alive. But that was impossible. Sasha squinted at them suspiciously. 
She tentatively reached her mind out towards the flowers, and was surprised when she could actually hear their inner voices.
Look at that pink-haired girl. She looks nervous. 
I’ve never seen a human with pink hair before. 
Why is she just standing there? 
Eek! Sasha took that as her cue to keep walking forward. The church gave Sasha an odd sensation of déjà vu as she looked around its interior, and admired the tall, stained glass windows, high vaulted ceiling, and the wooden cross with a replica of Jesus on it that was hanging above the altar. This church…it seems so familiar. I wonder why. Have I been here before? She wondered. 
Sasha gulped as she looked down the aisle towards the altar. Derek was standing there waiting for Becca, and looking extremely handsome. Derek had his brown hair tied back into a ponytail with a blue silk ribbon. He was wearing a slick tuxedo with a dark blue bowtie that brought out his eyes; a blue vest with Celtic swirls on it, and shiny dress shoes. 
To Derek’s left stood Malakye, then Tristan and lastly Garth. Malakye was wearing a Gothic black and white tuxedo, and his face and hands were painted white as usual. 
Sasha’s gaze went to Issy’s husband Tristan Savant next. She’d been curious about what a half-incubus would look like and she was no disappointed in her expectations. Tristan had startling bi-colored eyes, one gold, and one a deep sapphire blue. He had long black hair that was currently tied back into a ponytail. The incubus was wearing a Victorian-style suit along with a pair of shiny dress shoes. He exuded sensuality. 
Once Sasha was able to pull her eyes away from Tristan, her gaze landed on Garth as she walked down the aisle. The upper half of his outfit resembled an all-black suit, and the lower half was a gray, white, and black formal tartan kilt, which went down to his knees. There was a traditional Scottish black leather pouch around his waist that was attached to a chain belt. To complete his look he wore knee-high black socks and dress shoes. 
Wow. Sasha thought as she stared at Garth, and her mouth dropped open slightly. I’ve never seen Garth look so handsome before. He looks like a true Highlander. There was something exotic about Garth when he was wearing a kilt.
Garth had been looking at Derek, and hadn’t noticed Sasha yet. But then his fierce golden gaze turned towards Sasha. When their eyes met, Garth’s jaw dropped in shock and his eyes bulged almost comically. Whoa, who is that? No wait, it can’t be…Sasha? No way. It really is her. Wow. She looks amazing. She’s…beautiful. Why did I never notice before? 
As Garth’s complimentary thoughts filled Sasha’s mind her face turned redder and redder, and she grew nervous. She ended up tripping over her own feet and began to fall forward. Oh no! She was about to make a fool out of herself in front of everyone, and end up smack on her face in the middle of the aisle. So much for not ruining Becca’s wedding. Why me?
Sasha shut her eyes and waited for her face to hit the floor. 
But it never happened. 
Huh? Sasha looked up to see that in the blink of an eye Garth had appeared in front of her and had caught her in his big brawny arms. “G-Garth!” 
There was heat in his gaze as he looked at her intensely. “Are you alright, lass?”
He’d never looked at her quite like that before. He looked…hungry. Like he wanted to eat her. What am I thinking? He probably forgot to have breakfast or something. 
“Yes.” Sasha replied breathlessly.
Garth helped Sasha regain her balance, and then let go of her hand. He winked at her roguishly as he returned to his spot next to Tristan. 
That wink caused goosebumps to break out over her arms. Sasha managed to make it to her spot next to Vivien without further incident and she let out a sigh of relief. “Phew.” 
Sasha looked at the altar and a strange chill went down her spine. She couldn’t get over how the church seemed familiar to her. She still couldn’t remember if she’d ever been there though. 
The church’s set of double doors opened, and Becca entered the church. Everyone ‘ooed’ and ‘ahhed’ at her regal appearance, and Sasha could hardly blame them. She looked like a medieval princess. 
“Uwah!” A plump, middle-aged woman with red hair streaked with gray, and lime-green eyes was crying loudly as she watched Becca make her way down the aisle. The woman was wearing a flower-print dress, and looked a little like Becca, but an older, plumper version. Sasha decided this woman was most likely Becca’s mother. 
Which meant…that the middle-aged man dressed in a slightly frayed suit had to be Becca’s father. He was wearing a straw hat and chewing on a piece of straw. And the young boy with the tablet in his hands was probably Becca’s younger brother. Sasha smiled at the sight of the obviously southern family. They looked so…normal, and wholesome. They could easily be put on a Hallmark card they were so picture perfect. 
Becca’s eyes had locked on with Derek’s as she strolled elegantly towards him. Derek grinned broadly at her. 
In a matter of seconds, Becca reached Derek, and took her place in front of him. 
The priest began to speak. “Dearly beloved, we are gathered together here in the sight of God to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony; which is an honorable estate, instituted of God in Paradise and into which holy estate these two people present come now to be joined. Therefore, if any man can show any just cause, why they may not be lawfully joined together, let him now speak, or else hereafter forever hold his peace.”
Sasha held her breath, and crossed her fingers behind her back. This was the most nerve-wracking part of a wedding ceremony in Sasha’s opinion. I’m just being silly. It’s not like anyone would actually try to break up Becca and Derek’s wedding. 
The priest smiled, and opened his mouth to continue with his speech. However-
The double doors to the church burst open, and a cloaked and hooded figure stepped inside. The man took off the hooded cloak and tossed it aside to reveal that he was a tall, lithely muscled man with platinum blonde hair that was almost white, and ruby-red eyes. He was wearing a white kimono with red chrysanthemums on it that appeared slightly disheveled, and was open in front revealing his pale chest. He had a samurai sword tucked into the red obi sash belt that was tied around his waist. 
The mysterious man staggered forward on wobbly legs, and that’s when Sasha noted the bottle of half-finished vodka in his right hand. The man was drunk. Oh man, this is so not good. Sasha began to inwardly panic. The man looked familiar to Sasha, but she couldn’t remember where she’d seen him before. 
“Becca!” The man yelled out at the top of his lungs. “I can’t let you marry, Derek! I still love you!” 
Several of the wedding guests seated in the pews gasped at this sudden and unexpected declaration. 
Becca’s lime-green eyes were wide. “Oh my God…it’s Slaine. And why is he drunk? I never thought something like this would happen at my wedding.” 
“It’s alright, honey. I’ll handle this.” Derek started forward, but Garth reached out and put a hand on Derek’s shoulder, stopping him. 
“No, I’ll go.” Garth announced in a firm voice. “After all, it’s my duty as your Bouncer, er, Best Man to take care of things like this.” The shifter stalked past Derek and walked down the aisle towards Slaine with predatory steps. 
Sasha held her breath as she watched Garth approach Slaine, and start to talk to him. 
Garth put a hand on Slaine’s arm. “Slaine, you’re drunk. You shouldn’t be here.” He chided gently. 
“I shouldn’t be here!” Slaine echoed loudly, a tinge of bitterness to his voice. “Why not? After all, I was invited! Derek is my best friend and Becca is the woman I love! How messed up is that? I thought I could get over it. Get over her, but maybe I’ll always love Becca. And Derek stole her away from me. He got her pregnant!” 
Another communal gasp rose up from the gathered guests. 
Becca slapped a hand to her forehead. “Oh no.” So much for keeping that a secret! The cat was officially out of the bag. Her mother was going to kill her! She shot her mother a nervous glance. At least she’d been right to refuse letting her father walk her down the aisle in case something odd happened at her wedding. As vampire hunters Becca and Derek had many enemies. 
“You need to leave. Now.” Garth began to drag Slaine towards the double doors. 
“I won’t go! Not until I’ve stopped this wedding and stolen the bride! Get out of my way, Garth!” Slaine demanded and punched Garth hard across the face. 
An alarmed cry rose up from the wedding guests next. 
Garth wiped a trickle of blood from the corner of his mouth with his thumb. “If that’s how you want to play it. Fine.” Garth punched Slaine so hard the vampire went flying backwards off his feet, and hit the church doors with a loud wham!
Slaine laughed bitterly as he slid down the double doors. “Not bad, Garth. Not bad.” The vampire staggered to his feet and stumbled towards Garth. Slaine swung a punch at Garth that the shifter easily dodged. 
Garth swung a punch at Slaine that the vampire dodged next. Garth’s fist went into one of the two white marble holy water fonts that sat on either side of the double doors, and shattered the thing instantly. Pieces of white marble went flying through the air. A few of the wedding guests that had been seated towards the back were forced to duck as the pieces of marble sailed over their heads.
Garth and Slaine began to exchange more punches and blocks. 
Becca put her face into her hands as her wedding began to turn into a fight club. “There’s a brawl at my wedding.” Her voice was tinged with disbelief.
Garth began to lose his patience, picked Slaine up off the floor, and threw him down the aisle towards the altar. Slaine looked up and saw Becca staring at him with this sad, disappointed look on her face. “Hi Becca. You look beautiful. Are you really going to marry, Derek? Do you really love him? Have I really lost you forever?” 
“Yes, Slaine. I love Derek with all my heart and soul. I’m sorry.” Becca apologized, her eyes swirling with emotion. The last thing she wanted was to hurt Slaine. She loved Slaine. But she simply loved Derek more. 
“Ouch.” Slaine put a hand over his heart. “Well, this sucks. I’m such an idiot. I guess I’ve made a mess of your wedding, huh? Crap…” The vampire saw a hand being offered to him and looked up to see that it was Derek. 
Slaine’s eyes watered and he caught himself before he cried blood tears in front of the human priest. Slaine put his hand in Derek’s and let himself be helped up. “I’m sorry, Derek.” 
“It’s okay, man. Becca is a hard girl to let go. I understand.” Derek offered with a sympathetic look on his face. 
“Yeah…and you better never let her go, Derek. You better treat her right. And if you ever make her cry…I’ll kill you.” Slaine smiled, revealing his fangs. 
Derek chuckled good-naturedly. “I’ll never let her go. I will treat her like a princess. I’ll buy her a thousand pairs of shoes. And I will never make her cry…on purpose.” The Druid Vampire Hunter promised solemnly. 
Slaine and Derek hugged, and the Druid thumped the vampire hard on the back. “Now, go sit down, like a normal guest.” Derek ordered. 
“Yeah. Will do.” Slaine agreed. 
However, the double doors of the church opened once more, and five cloaked and hooded figures stepped inside the church this time. They closed the door behind them, took off their cloaks, and threw them aside. 
There were three men and two women, and all of them were dressed in thuggish or punk clothing. A lot of black leather and piercings. All of them had abnormally long, sharp looking canines. 
Kill, kill, kill! The bloodthirsty thought floated through Sasha’s mind and she realized she was able to read their thoughts, which meant they were nonhumans. Those people…aren’t human. Sasha realized worriedly. 
“There he is - Derek Dearg, the Druid Vampire Hunter!” One of the male vampires burst out, and pointed his finger accusingly towards Derek. This vampire had a black mohawk and was dressed in black leather from head to toe. 
“He’s dead!” Another male vampire said loudly, cracking his knuckles. This one was a muscular skinhead, and was wearing a leather jacket, t-shirt, and jeans. 
“Look at all the yummy looking humans. It’s a buffet in here.” One of the female vampires exclaimed, and licked her lips. She had long blonde hair, sparkling ruby-red eyes, and was wearing a slutty red dress with stilettos. Twinkling diamonds sparkled in her ears, and in the necklace around her neck. 
A blond male vampire slung his arm around the blonde vampire female’s shoulders. “Patience, love. Revenge first. Then dessert.”
“Druid Vampire Hunter, Derek Dearg, you will pay for killing my wife! If I can’t be happy and with the woman I love then neither can you!” Mohawk declared venomously, his red eyes blazing with hatred. 
“You will pay for killing my dear sweet brother, vampire hunter.” The second female vampire said, her eyes flashing angrily. This vampire had a short bob of black hair, red eyes, and pale skin. She was wearing a black leather tube dress with fishnet stockings and high heels. 
“You killed my girlfriend!” Skinhead burst out. 
“I’ll have fun killing your pretty wife!” The blonde vampire said as she glared at Becca threateningly. 
Vampires? Now isn’t this an interesting development. The priest thought to himself in amusement.  
Sasha’s head whipped to the side to look at the priest whose thoughts she’d just read. What the? Did that mean the priest was a nonhuman? Sasha wondered confusedly. Did Garth and the others know this? Was he a friend of theirs? Or perhaps an enemy? 
The priest had wavy black hair, and his messy bangs shielded most of his face. He had a pair of thick round glasses on his face that also made it hard for Sasha to see his eyes. He was wearing a normal black priest outfit with white collar. 
A priest. Sasha shuddered. Surely not a Battle Priest? He did seem oddly familiar though.
The five vampires began to make their way down the aisle with menacing steps, auras of bloodlust flaring around them. The air inside the church felt heavier just because of their mere presences.
Slaine spun around and unsheathed his samurai sword. He glared at the vampires. “Hey! The only one who can ruin my friends’ wedding is I!” Slaine let out a battle cry and charged down the aisle towards the vampires. He attacked the vampires with his katana and engaged them in battle. 
Derek rubbed his temples with his index fingers. Vampires just had to show up at his wedding. “Never a dull moment hanging out with me, huh, Becca?” 
“I wouldn’t have it any other way, sugar.” Becca assured Derek when she’d heard the self-deprecating tone Derek was speaking in. “I’m just worried about what our terrified guests will think.” She looked at her human guests in concern. 
Sasha glanced at the human guests too, and saw how freaked out they were by what was going on. 
Garth picked up Skinhead and threw him towards the church doors. The vampire hit the double doors, which were forced open, and Skinhead flew outside. He screamed loudly and never returned. 
Of course. Sunlight. Sasha realized. A vampire’s weakness was sunlight. She had to do something before Slaine decapitated a vampire in front of the human guests. Sasha started clapping loudly. “Wow! Whoo! What a splendid performance! How exciting! This really makes it feel like a medieval wedding! Come on, folks, let’s give our actors a round of applause!” 
The wedding guests were confused by Sasha’s words at first, but began to look more relaxed and relieved. They tentatively began to applaud. The vampires paused in their battle against Slaine, and were now giving Sasha strange looks. 
Now! Sasha reached her mind out towards the vampires and planted a subliminal command inside of their minds. Time to go. It’s time to go. 
“Well, it’s time for all of you to go. Please shut the doors on your way out.” Sasha directed the vampires with an imperious wave of her hand. 
“Yeah, she’s right. It’s time for us to go.” Mohawk said in a dazed tone. 
“Yeah, let’s bounce.” The blond agreed. 
“Yes, it’s time to go.” The raven-haired female vampire said. 
“What the hell…?” Slaine muttered to himself as the vampires turned around and began to head for the double doors of their own accord. He lowered his sword, feeling utterly bewildered. 
The four vampires exited the church out into the sunlight, and shut the doors behind them. Their agonizing screams could be heard from within the church, and then nothing. 
Slaine smirked, casually took a seat on a pew, and assumed a lounging pose. Garth returned to his spot next to Tristan. 
The priest cleared his throat and resumed the ceremony as if nothing had ever happened. “You will no longer be dampened by the rain. Because together you will become one roof to shield each other from the rain. You will no longer feel any coldness because you will provide each other with warmth and comfort. You will no longer feel any loneliness because you will become each other’s lifelong companion. 
“Although your bodies may stand as two individuals…together you now face one life, as your hearts are joined together as one. Now, return to your home as husband and wife. Go and enjoy the days that you can share together. The two of you will share joy and happiness for a long time to come on this earth.” Garth knows some very interesting individuals. I was surprised to discover he is acquainted with the Princess. The fool doesn’t even recognize me. The priest thought nastily and the corner of his lip twitched as he tried not to smile. 
Sasha frowned at the priest’s inner thoughts. Princess? Who’s that? Garth knows him and he’s a priest. Could he be a Battle Priest? No. Impossible. That would be too much of a coincidence. 
Sasha was snapped out of her inner thoughts when the priest said: “You may now kiss the bride.” 
Derek cupped Becca’s cheek and kissed her tenderly. 
All of the wedding guests cheered loudly in response. 
Everyone was so happy that Sasha didn’t want to ruin this perfect romantic moment with her paranoid delusions. She didn’t want to worry Garth about the priest either. After all this could all be in her mind. 
***
Becca had arranged for her wedding reception to be held in the ballroom at the Palace Hotel. The reception would also be a Christmas party and have a Christmassy theme to it. Sasha entered the ballroom with Issy and Vivien at her sides. She was soon ditched, however, when Issy caught sight of her husband, Tristan, and Vivien caught sight of her fiancé, Levi. 
Sasha took this opportunity to admire the way the ballroom had been decorated. Flower arrangements made up of red and white flowers were everywhere - on the round tables draped with white tablecloths situated about the room, and in windowed alcoves. Lit candles had been added to the arrangements in the center of the tables for a romantic effect. 
Glittering, golden chandeliers hung from the ceiling shedding a warm glow about the room. The tables had been arranged around a polished, wooden dance floor. A long buffet table had been set up on the left side of the room, and there was a variety of delicious looking food on it. There was also a bar where a flair bartender was mixing drinks with incredible skill as he flipped bottles then poured liquor into a stainless steel cocktail shaker.
An enormous, Blue Spruce Christmas tree had been set up, and had been decorated spectacularly in a blue and silver theme. Sasha walked over to the Christmas tree to take a closer look, and admired it. It was so beautiful. 
Sasha couldn’t remember if she’d ever decorated a Christmas tree before. There were hundreds of silver, Celtic ornaments with blue knotwork and swirls on them. A lot of the ornaments were animal-shaped which Sasha loved. 
“It’s a cool tree, huh?” A deep voice with a Scottish brogue questioned casually. 
Sasha glanced to her side to see Garth standing right next to her. She hadn’t even sensed his presence. She smiled though. “Definitely. I can’t remember if I’ve ever decorated a Christmas tree before.” She admitted softly. 
“Well, I know for sure that I never have.” Garth spotted a box of candy canes and got an idea. He picked up the box of candy canes and showed it to Sasha. “But maybe now’s the time. Sasha, will you decorate this tree with me?”
Surprise flickered across Sasha’s blue eyes, but then she beamed at Garth’s touching suggestion. “Of course.” 
He grinned roguishly at her. “Let’s make new memories together.” 
Sasha and Garth began to add candy canes to the Christmas tree together. When Garth noticed Sasha standing on her tiptoes to place a candy cane on a high branch he moved behind her, placed his hands on her waist, and lifted her up effortlessly. 
“Eek!” Sasha squeaked as Garth lifted her up off the floor. But then she reached out and placed the candy cane on the branch she’d wanted to so easily. Alright!
Garth slowly set her down, and in such a way that her body slid down his torso. Sasha swallowed nervously. And wondered if it was true about men not wearing any underwear when they wore kilts. 
Garth still had his hands on Sasha’s waist, and then he was nuzzling her neck. “You know…you smell like sugar. Has anyone ever told you that before?” 
“No.” 
“Sugary sweet and good enough to eat.” 
“Uh…” Sasha laughed nervously to hide her unease. 
The sound of someone hitting a spoon against a champagne glass broke the strange sexual tension that had developed between Sasha and Garth. 
“Attention everyone!” Becca’s loud authoritative voice filled the ballroom. “It’s time for the bouquet toss! All single women are to gather on the dance floor, and that means you, Sasha!” 
Sasha’s cheeks flushed pink at Becca’s words and she automatically made her way to the dance floor in a stiff manner. Sasha hung towards the back of the group of enthusiastic and excited single young women, and sighed. There was no point in her trying to catch the bouquet. She had awful luck. 
Becca turned her back to the group of young women and glanced over her shoulder to see where Sasha was. Okay. There she is. This would need a little bit of magic to work. Becca tossed the bouquet as hard as she could and in Sasha’s direction.
Unfortunately, Sasha wasn’t really paying attention to where the bouquet was going and was looking at the Christmas tree instead with a wistful expression on her face. 
The bouquet hit Sasha right between the eyes and knocked her right off her feet. She was knocked out cold instantly. Sasha felt someone patting her cheek gently as he or she tried to rouse her. “Ugh.” Sasha groaned as she regained consciousness, and blinked up to see Garth crouched by her side with a worried expression on his face. “G-Garth…?” His golden eyes filled with relief. 
“She’s okay.” Garth announced to the crowd that had gathered around Sasha with concerned looks on their faces. A sigh of relief went through the crowd. 
Garth scooped Sasha up into his arms and began to carry her over to an antique settee with beige and gold striped cushions. A lot of the girls giggled at this chivalrous move. Instead of setting Sasha down on the settee, Garth took a seat with Sasha on his lap. 
Sasha tried to read Garth’s thoughts, but they were oddly guarded. Just what is he thinking?
Garth cradled Sasha protectively in his arms, and she couldn’t find anything to say so she just rested against him. 
“That was quite the wipeout you had.” Garth said in a gravely voice. 
“That was a big bouquet. I wonder what it was made out of.” Sasha wondered aloud in a rueful tone. 
“That Malakye…” Garth shook his head. “He wanted to make sure the bouquet didn’t fall apart during the bouquet toss, and so he reinforced it with willow branches. He’s pretty distraught that you got hurt because of his bouquet.” 
“Oh, but it isn’t his fault. I wasn’t really paying attention.” Sasha admitted. “And at least the flowers are okay. I should go tell him so.” She tried to get out of Garth’s lap but his hands on her waist stopped her from getting up.  
“You can do that later.” Garth said firmly. “Rest now.”
“Okay.” Sasha’s brow furrowed in confusion. Garth was acting so strange. 
Garth ran his hands up and down Sasha’s arms absentmindedly, and she could swear she heard him purring. Abruptly, Garth stood up and set Sasha down on the settee. “I’ll go get you some wedding cake. Just stay here and rest.” 
He’s being so bossy all of a sudden. And I don’t really dislike it. “Sure.” Sasha watched as Garth made his way over to the table where the enormous wedding cake Issy Sweet had baked for Becca was currently being cut into pieces. It was almost a shame to cut it. 
Issy’s cake was truly a work of art. It was a four-tiered wedding cake covered in white fondant icing. On top of the fondant Issy had decorated the cake with blue Celtic knotwork, symbols and swirls that were also made out of fondant icing. On each tier were real red roses. 
A few minutes later, Garth returned with two plates of cake and two forks. He handed a plate to Sasha and took a seat next to her. 
Sasha used her fork to cut a bite of cake and plopped it into her mouth. “Mmm. This is so delicious. Vanilla cake with a raspberry filling.” 
“Aye.” Garth agreed heartily as he shoveled another enormous bite into his mouth. It had taken him only three bites to finish off an entire piece of cake. “It’s very good, lassie. Sugary sweet.” Like you. 
Sasha blushed at his thoughts, and pretended to concentrate on eating her cake. Once she’d finished her cake, she looked up to see that several people were dancing together on the dance floor. Everyone looked so beautiful and they also looked like they were having a really good time. Sasha let out a wistful sigh. She wanted to dance, but…didn’t know how. 
Garth noticed Sasha’s wistful expression and smirked to himself. He stood up and set his empty plate and fork on the settee. He stood in front of Sasha and held his hand to her. “Would you do me the honor of this dance, lass?” 
Sasha blinked up at Garth in surprise and panicked. “Eh, I would but…I can’t. I don’t know how to dance. At least, I don’t think I know. And besides, you know how clumsy I am. I’ll probably step on your feet a lot. I probably have two left feet.” She was beginning to ramble. 
Garth took the empty plate from Sasha and set it aside. He looked at her and his amber eyes were filled with heat. “Dance with me, Sasha. You can step on my feet all you want, and if you fall or trip - I’ll be there to catch you.” The shifter rumbled in that sexy Scottish brogue of his. 
Sasha’s body seemed to move on its own, and she put her hand in Garth’s big, warm, calloused one. Garth helped her up and led her to the dance floor. The other dancers were in the middle of a romantic waltz. 
Sasha trembled out of nervousness. Impossible. She could never dance like that. So gracefully. 
Garth put his right hand on the small of Sasha’s back and with his left hand he grabbed her right hand. Sasha put her left hand on Garth’s shoulder. 
“Just follow my lead, Sasha. Let the music guide you.” Garth directed as he began to guide Sasha across the dance floor. 
“Eek!” Sasha moved to keep up and sure enough she stepped on Garth’s foot (how embarrassing!) but he didn’t even flinch or blink, so no one watching could tell she’d messed up. 
The couple twirled across the dance floor elegantly while Garth skillfully guided Sasha’s movements. “Where did you learn to dance?” Sasha asked curiously. 
“The female shifters of Clan MacWulver taught me. They loved to dance. They were a fiery, spirited bunch.” Garth reminisced in a wistful tone as he thought of Leslie. 
“Female shifters?” Sasha murmured softly to herself, feeling a twinge of something. Women…that are like him. She shook her mind of such thoughts, and suddenly remembered about the priest at Becca and Derek’s wedding. Should I tell Garth that I was able to read his mind? She internally debated. 
The song stopped abruptly, and Garth and Sasha stopped dancing. Sasha looked up and her eyes widened when she noted that a tied bundle of mistletoe had been attached to the chandelier with a red and gold ribbon. “Mistletoe.” 
Garth looked up and noticed the plant tied to the chandelier. His brow furrowed. “What’s mistletoe?” 
Sasha blinked, and began to explain. “Ah, mistletoe is…a popular Christmas decoration under which a couple is expected to kiss. It’s tradition. Mistletoe also plays an important role in Druidic mythology in the Ritual of Oak and Mistletoe.” Sasha’s cheeks turned pink when she realized what she’d just said. 
“Ah, so it’s an important human tradition.” Garth said in a deep, sexy voice. 
Nervous butterflies had begun to flutter in Sasha’s stomach and she waved her hands before her frantically. “Ah, don’t worry. Just because it’s tradition doesn’t mean you have to kiss me. After all, I’m sure you wouldn’t want to kiss a weird girl like me-”
Garth cupped Sasha’s cheek and interrupted her tirade by leaning down and capturing her lips in a tender kiss. 
Sasha’s eyes widened in shock, but then she shut them and decided to savor the moment. Garth’s lips moved softly against hers as he kissed her with surprising gentleness. She would have thought that kisses from such a strong man would have been rough, bruising even. 
Sasha couldn’t help but wonder what Garth was thinking about as he kissed her. 
The ballroom was adjacent to a large terrace, and tall, latticed windows overlooked the terrace and garden beyond. It was a cloudy, Christmas night, and it had finally begun to snow. It also happened to be a rare full moon on Christmas. 
As the gray clouds lazily drifted across the sky, the full moon was revealed, and the moon’s yellow rays shone through the windows and illuminated Garth and Sasha as they kissed. 
Garth ran his tongue along Sasha’s lower lip, seeking entrance. Sasha gasped at the erotic sensation and Garth took that opportunity to plunge his tongue into Sasha’s eager mouth. 
As Garth swirled his tongue around Sasha’s, her knees went weak, and she would have fallen if not for Garth putting a hand on her lower back and steadying her. 
Garth pressed Sasha’s body against his own as he continued to kiss her, and his kissing grew more fervent, more passionate. Heat, desire, and passion began to build between them. 
At that moment, Garth’s thoughts began to fill her mind: Sasha…looks so beautiful tonight. Who would have thought? I never noticed before but Sasha is an attractive young woman. She’s a woman. And I am a male. Two pieces that can fit together. Her lips are so soft. She tastes like sugar.
Garth imagined pushing Sasha against the wall, caging her there with his towering body. He imagined caressing her delicate, fragile body with his large, rough, calloused hands. He imagined running his hands over her curves through the red silk of her dress. 
Garth imagined grinding against her hips. He could smell her arousal. She wanted him. 
Garth imaged sliding her dress slowly up her legs, and caressing her thighs. He ripped her panties off and began to pleasure her with his thick calloused fingers. 
He imagined sliding a finger inside of her as he prepared her to take him inside.
Garth pulled up his kilt; he wasn’t wearing boxers. Garth joined their bodies and Sasha gasped and clung to him as she trembled in his embrace. Garth didn’t care that they were being watched by the wedding reception guests. He wanted Sasha. Needed Sasha. Needed to mark her, to claim her, make her his. 
Garth began to move in and out of her, their pleasure building-
A startled gasp broke through Garth’s lewd thoughts, and then Sasha was slapping him hard across the face. 
Garth blinked down at Sasha in confusion. Sasha was flushed and her blue eyes were flashing with anger and fear. 
Garth realized he had Sasha pinned against him. What the hell was he doing! He immediately let go of Sasha, and she stumbled backwards, away from him, her blue eyes wide. 
Sasha turned around and ran. Ran from Garth and the reception. Ran from the new and unfamiliar feelings that Garth was stirring inside of her. She ran out of the ballroom and continued to run until she’d exited the hotel. She spotted a taxi and wasted no time in getting inside of it and giving the cabbie the address of her clinic. 
Sasha put her face in her hands, her cheeks were hot. Her entire body felt hot. She’d read Garth’s mind…and seen his thoughts. She’d seen him imagining himself pushing her against the wall and taking her. Oh my God. He was imagining having sex with me. But…why? Why had Garth imagined that? He hadn’t been thinking about liking her, or loving her, or about romance.
No, his thoughts had been raw, animalistic, and primal. Just pure lust and desire. 
In that moment, under the mistletoe Garth had desired her for some reason. 
She remembered the feeling of his body pressed up against her and shivered. There had been something hard pressing into her hip. Why? Why? Why? Sasha’s emotions were a mixture of confusion, lust, anger and fear. Why Garth?
 ***
Garth watched Sasha run away from him like a punch to the gut, and it took all of his willpower not to chase after her. He clenched his hands into fists and his nails drew blood. He was painfully aroused. “What a woman.” He raised a hand to his red, throbbing cheek. 
His inner beast wanted to hunt Sasha down, pin her down on the floor, and claim her. Sink his canines into her soft flesh. Mark her. 
He’d never desired a woman as much as he desired Sasha in that moment. She just looked so beautiful that night. Nay, she was beautiful. He’d just never noticed. He really could be a thickheaded idiot. 
Her nostalgic scent - sugar - drove him wild. 
Garth scrubbed a hand down his face as he tried to get himself under control. The full moon had caused him to go into heat. He was incredibly horny. He wanted to mate. 
And he wanted to mate with Sasha. 
He wanted to make her his. 
Garth had to resist the urge to go after her again. Nay, now was not the time. He’d smelled her fear. He couldn’t take her - not yet. 
But he would have her…soon. He promised his inner beast. Soon. 
“I will make that bonny lass mine.” Garth vowed to himself, a fierce glint in his golden eyes. 
To be continued in…the sequel and grand finale “Highlander Hellcat Revolution” Now available! Also for those into Audio Books I’m trying to find a man with a sexy Scottish accent to voice this book. So keep an eye out for the Audio Book of Highlander Hellcat!




###
Final note:

Other works by the author:

Rockstar Ghost PG-13 Ver
Rockstar Ghost Resurrection PG-13 Ver
His Heavy Metal Heart

Wicked Bartender PG-13 Ver
Wicked Bartender Redemption PG-13 Ver

Incubus Chocolatier PG-13 Ver
Incubus Chocolatier Retribution PG-13 Ver

Hollywood Merman PG-13 Ver
Hollywood Merman Revelations PG-13 Ver

Druid Vampire PG-13 Ver
Druid Vampire Requiem PG-13 Ver

Highlander Hellcat PG-13 Ver
Highlander Hellcat Revolution PG-13 Ver (Coming soon)

Bitch Heiress X Samurai Butler
Bitch Heiress X2 Samurai Butler

Samurai Superheroes Saga:
Cowboy Samurai X Badass Android
Geisha Assassin X Smartass Hacker
Foxy Yokai X Punkass Cyborg

Sir Genkaku Host Club
(Books 1, 2, 3, and 4)

Sanky Panky Pirate
Sanky Panky Pirate Part II





Questions? Feedback?

http://www.facebook.com/authorkurokonekokamen

Twitter @KurokonekoKamen

Check out the Highlander Hellcat Facebook page:

http://www.facebook.com/highlanderhellcat

Please visit the cover artist’s webpages:

http://mathiaarkoniel.deviantart.com

http://www.mathiaarkoniel.com

http://www.facebook.com/MathiaArkoniel

Visit KuroKoneko Kamen’s artist page:

http://kurokoneko-kamen.deviantart.com

Please support the author by leaving her a review

Thank you!


