HIS…



ZWIVHUYA CHUMA



Copyright © 2019 Zwivhuya Chuma
First edition 2020
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in
any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying,
recording or any information storage or retrieval system without permission
from the copyright holder.
The Author has made every effort to trace and acknowledge sources/
resources/individuals. In the event that any images/information have been
incorrectly attributed or credited, the Author will be pleased to rectify these
omissions at the earliest opportunity.
ISBN TBC (will be inserted at print stage)
Published by Zwivhuya Chuma using MC Publishers’ services,
@deliciousdirtyk
Chumamitchelle@yahoo.com













PLAYLIST…
1.Meant to be – Florida Georgia line ft bebe rexha
2.Partition – beyonce
3.Lights down low – max schnieder
4.I know what you did last summer – shawn mendez Camilla cabello
5.Wait – maroon 5
6.Animals – maroon 5
7.Don’t go breaking my heart – backstreet boys
8.Sooner or later – aaron carter
9.Sure thing – Miguel
10.Into you – Ariana grande
11.Better now – post Malone
12.Without me – halsey
13.SOS – AVICII FT ALOE BLANC


















CHAPTER ONE
Ava
Shawn Mendez and Camilla Cabello’s I know what you did last summer song blares from my alarm clock and I know it’s time to get up. Final year of college and I can’t afford to miss any classes, I am a drama major and it’s been hectic. Dramatically rolling out of bed (meaning I rolled over trying to get up and accidentally fell to the floor). I grumbled to myself cursing the floor for being hard while I made my way to the bathroom to shower. Danny will be here to pick me up and he hates waiting. Daniel Dolton my best friend since we were in diapers and now he was the kind of stuff a girl thinks about while she showers. The guy looked like one of those Greek Gods, with his golden hair that had light streaks on the tips,    grey eyes that make you feel like he can see right to your soul, a sexy full mouth meant for kissing and sinning. That body oh dear God that body…all hard muscle, tight abs and stuff really he was just beautiful all six foot five of him. The boy played football so of course his body would out of this world and all that meant was surrounded by a lot of skanks , sorry I meant girls and I was forever doomed to the friend zone.
I jumped out of the shower and continued to get ready in record time so that I would have plenty of time for breakfast. I dressed quickly in my favourite black leggings, slipped on my 4 inch black ankle books and a light of the shoulder white sweater jersey, put my hair up in a messy bun added some lip gloss and I was ready to go. When I got downstairs, Danny was already in the kitchen having cereal
“Morning Baby girl”
He stood up to hug me and kiss my cheek, I wanted to groan out loud was I late again?
“Morning” I grumbled. “I thought I was early enough to rush breakfast today”.
“You are, I’m just super early”
“Don’t patronise me Daniel”
The fool laughed in my face for using his full name”
“I am not hungry anymore, let’s just go.”
He grabbed my wrist and pulled me against him
“Oh no way, I know how moody you get on an empty stomach, eat we have time baby girl.”
“I hate it when you call me that “
He smiled
“Tough, you are my number one girl I should get perks.”
Ok, ok, so I was getting frustrated with my feelings for him and taking it out on him too. I mean we were arguing about breakfast for heaven’s sake. I had to get it together and fast. I went up to him and hugged him, it didn’t help me, but it was working for him
“I’m sorry, I really thought I was early. I know you hate waiting.”
He squeezed me to him and then smirked
“It’s alright baby girl, it comes with the package, you are a drama major after all.”
He laughed at that, he was such an ass sometimes, I took my cereal to go and ate it in the car 
Surprises, surprise when we got to campus his fans were already waiting. I kissed his cheek goodbye and left the car before the mob of girls could trample me. All of them beautiful, all of them sexy and skanky, all of them leggy and blue eyed, just the type that he liked. I sighed my fat ass did not stand a chance. Toya called me over, I felt bad because I was so in my head, I hadn’t noticed her. She was my colourful fairy look alike friend, all tutu skirts and colourful vests, looking at her always brightened up my day. She was so tiny and petite she made me feel like a giant standing next to her. 
“I see you drove in with hot piece of ass over there”
I laughed, Danny hated that nickname, said it made him feel like a piece of meat. Looking over my shoulder to where we parked, I’d say the nickname suited him just fine, what with all the girls draped all over him and his friends hanging on for dear life. They seemed happy being groped by the cheerleaders and the hot chicks.
“I always drive in with him, what’s your point?”
She pursed her lips and rolled her eyes
“Yeah, and you always run off once you get here. Live a little Ava the man is your best friend, if he cannot date you for whatever reason, he can at least point you in the direction of somebody who can. I mean look at them, they are all hot. Not that he will, because he always has his eyes on you babe, like right now, he definitely wants you”
“Who wants who, and why don’t I know about it?”
Justin said as he joined our conversation, looking dazzling in a pink sweater and blue jeans. Yes Justin was gay and he owned it like a throne I was so proud of him. I loved him too much, he was the perfect right angle to our triangle of friendship.
“Hot piece of ass wants Ava.”
Justin put his handbag next to us and clapped his hands excitedly
“Of course he wants Ava, she is hot, look at that ass.”
My cheeks were burning at this point these two could be blunt when they wanted to be. Justin looked at me
“You are hot, make a move on him girl, the worst thing he could do is say no; which he won’t.”
I shook my head, these two were crazy, I was not jumping of that bridge at least not yet. I was nowhere near confident enough to risk my friendship with him.
“Stop it guys, can we please talk about something else, besides he is with charli remember.”
Toya snorted in disgust, she really disliked Charli, she was a terrible person but we tolerated her because she was Danny’s girlfriend.
“Girl please, that bitch has got nothing on you and I am not just saying that because I am your friend.”
Justin hummed his agreement, I couldn’t blame them, Charli was a real meanie, she bullied the girls she deemed were beneath her and that’s just saying she bullied everybody she thought was better looking than her. She was one of the cheerleaders actually the captain of the squad and that made her worse. Except she had a few of the girls fighting her back, because they wanted their chance with Danny. My friend was a Man-whore, if it wore a skirt he chased it, his teammates were the same. Guess it was just a perk of being popular.
My little Group and I, well we were the theatrics, the artsy ones no-one paid attention to. Toya was a fashion major, Justin a music major, the boy could sing like an angel and play the piano and guitar like it was child’s play. I was a drama Major, I had acting down like a boss, that’s how convincing I was when I was in a role, I became the character inside and out. All or nothing with us. I put Danny out of my mind and we all started heading to our classes.
“See you bitches later.”
************
Assignments done Danny stretched out on my carpet and yawned 
“So what’s for dinner?”
I looked at him and raised an eyebrow
“Really I fed you last night too, Oh, I pity the woman who’s going to marry you “
He looked at me eyes wide and mouth open... mmm the boy was melting my ovaries
“What, can’t a guy ask what’s for dinner without anyone thinking he is sexist?”
“You know I am not the domestic type, so everything sounds sexists to me”
He got up to follow me to the kitchen laughing “one day some guy is going to change that in you baby girl”
I turned to look at him like he was crazy
“You failed and you’ve know me for twenty years, yeah I am not holding my breath.”
He laughed while I made us some club sandwiches, Danny stepped out to make a call or take one I wasn’t paying attention. I was too focused on making these damn sandwiches. As soon as he stepped out, it became easier to breathe, these days it was getting harder and harder to contain the feelings that I had for him. Thing is as understanding as Danny was, I did not want to put him in a position where he had to lie about having feelings for me just because I was crazy about him. Being in love with your best friend really sucked hairy balls. He walked back in to the room and came towards me with a smile 
“Do you need any help over there baby girl?”
There was no way I could handle him next to me right now.
“Uhm no thanks Dee, I got this, you just take the drinks out and pick a movie I will be right there.”
He walked towards the fridge happy with himself
“I thought you said, you weren’t the domestic type, I don’t know right now it looks like you are trying very hard to prove that you can bring food over to your man.”
The fuck he just say… my head snapped up and looked in his direction so fast I must have given myself whiplash. My eyes were wide and the fool was laughing away not realising he had my heart beating a hundred beats a minute. I put the sandwiches on two plates and walked past him into the lounge I needed to compose myself. He sat next to me as always and turned on the movie. Tonight he picked a Seriously Single. I love Tumi Morake she funny as well shit. The movie was so funny it had me choking on my food a few times so I just gave up on eating and put my plate aside, so I could give Tumi my undivided attention.
After the movie, we cleaned up and then I walked Danny to the door and said goodnight. The fool lived just next door but the way he hugged me, you would swear it was as if he would never see me again.
I called my mum before getting into bed because she was not home yet, but her phone was on voice mail so I left her a message 
“Hello mummy just letting you know I’m going to bed now I miss you so much do you still live in this house?? Anyway, mummy goodnight and drive home safely ok I love you.







CHAPTER TWO
“Mom are you up yet?”
I thought she would still be here damn I thought I’d see her before she left for work two days of not seeing her that was just too much for my 22 year old self really, I was in my last year of college that didn’t mean I didn’t still need her.
Getting ready for school I plugged in my iPod to the speakers and got dressed listening and dancing to P-Square’s Alingo
Today I decided to put on my black leggings, white vest, blue tail jersey and my brownish boots I tied my shoulder length hazel brown hair in a pony put on some mascara, eyeliner and clear colour gloss for my lips topped the look of with my call me bitch hoop earrings and I was hot and ready to go. A car hooted outside as I was making my way downstairs book bag in hand I ran to the fridge and grabbed two bottles of ice tea and saw the note my mom left.
SORRY I HAD TO LEAVE EARLY AGAIN BABY I’LL BE HOME EARLY TONIGHT AND WE’LL ORDER PIZZA LOVE YOU
Danny hooted again I grabbed the juice boxes and ran out to the Lexus his pride and joy he calls it we take turns driving each other to school and this was his week.
I gave him the bottle of ice tea when I was in the car seat belt on and all he gave me was his famous boyish grin which I hated because he made all the girls at school swoon over him with that grin
“Morning “
He said and took the tea from me
“Thanks baby girl. You look beautiful, nice boots”
I laughed “yeah lol thank you”
He grinned at me again and I rolled my eyes he on the other hand was wearing his black Levis jeans which hung on him ooh so nicely if I might add and a white muscle shirt that clung to his every muscle tightly every time he moved yeah I rolled my eyes again and laughed football players.
We got to school and as usual his crew of groupies were waiting to jump on him and I had to literally fight my way past the crew of skanks this time. I looked over at Danny, yeah my friend loved this attention to much
“See ya later Dee”, he winked at me damn he was just so….uhrrgg.
Toya and Justin waved at me and I made my way up to them
“Hey guys”
We hugged and gave each other air kisses on both cheeks MWAH MWAH Toya looked over my shoulder and licked her lips in an exaggerated manner and said
“Honestly girl when are you planning to hook me up with that hot piece of ass friend of yours”
“Or any of his teammates cause we all know Danny is yours “
Justin added holding his heart, these two were high it was still too early to deal with their shit.
“Come on guys, it’s too early for this kind of talk.”
The morning went by quickly and soon enough it was time for lunch, my friends walked by to the cafeteria and walking past Danny and his team surrounded by girls again. I hated that it bothered me so much now. We got our food and sat at our usual table away from the noise of course listening to Justin tell us about his latest addition to his new shoe collection Justin was on his way to being a drag queen I mean he had more and better makeup than what Latoya and I had and now he was buying shoes Justin is a very good looking guy short curly black hair , green eyes straight nose strong square jaw and he worked out he is such a loss to woman kind as a guy but totally makes up for it as a friend. We were listening to Justin go on and on about the hunk he met at the mall when Latoya said 
“Oooh don’t look now but here comes hot piece of ass now”
She was so giddy, jumping around in those colours she was making me dizzy.
Danny got to our table and sat down after he kissed my cheek.
“Hey guys“
They all said hi in high pitched voices, these two were so disowned. Danny turned to me 
“Baby girl I forgot to tell you, we have practice this afternoon, “
He looked like he felt bad about it and continued on to say 
“It’s only for an hour though so I hope you won’t mind waiting until we are done and I’ll make it up to you by taking you out for dinner afterwards”
I didn’t mind waiting I always waited for him to finish with practise on most days as I was about to say that it was ok Justin chirped in an said
“Don’t worry sexy we’ll make sure Ava gets home safely“
Danny had a look on his face that I had never seen before almost like he was disappointed or almost irritated by Justin’s suggestion so I smiled at him
“Well look at that Dee now you don’t have to worry about me during practice I have a ride“
He looked at Justin and gave him one of his boyish grins which made Justin blush scarlet red and said thank you. As Danny was about to leave Toya called out to him and said
“Hey Danny I’m looking to be corrupted by a hot piece of ass are you interested?”
He seemed to think about it, making me laugh at how cute he looked when he scrunched up his face, but then he shocked us all.
“Sorry Toya, there is only one girl this heart belongs to, I’m saving all corrupting and tricks for her, if she will have me.”
What? He walked away after that, I sat there shocked. Danny was in love with someone and he didn’t tell me about it. Who was she, why was she being kept a secret from me? Toya sighed next to me
“Do you know who she is?”
“Nope”
“And it doesn’t bother you?”
“It’s not like I can force him to love me boo, relax I’m good. Maybe it’s Charli”
Justin snorted disgusted that I would dare suggest such a thing
“It’s not her, it’s you Ava.”
No, it couldn’t be, could it?
The rest of the day went by uneventful after school I met up with Justin and Toya at the car park and we decided to go to the mall first. We got in the car and Justin put in Beyoncé’s flawless on repeat yeah we were singing, “I woke up like this, I woke up like this “ very out loudly all the way to the mall. Once at the mall, Toya said the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard it was absolutely Ludacris I’m sure of that. We were sitting at McDonalds waiting for our meal and spying on Justin’s hunk whose name by the way was Dean he worked at the sport shop across from McDonalds and where we were sitting we had the perfect view of his every move. Justin just kept fanning himself gosh he was more girl than Toya and I combined. Toya looked at me and gave me one of her knowing smirks
“About what Danny said earlier, do you know who the girl is Angel?”
I looked at her and said “you know I feel peeved because of that I mean you would think that 20years of friendship would mean we tell each other everything. I don’t know who she is I’ve never met her and he has never mentioned her”
humph Toya put her hands on the table and leaned in
“I have a theory ….”
Justin looked at her
“And what theory might that be?”
She laughed
“Well obviously the girl is Angel...”
She looked so excited as if she cracked a big mystery Justin and I both burst out laughing.
“Yeah stop with the jokes Toya Danny is just my friend, besides I highly doubt that he sees me that way, let’s try to stop flattering my heart”
She opened her eyes wide and said
“Come on guys it has to be you, you said it yourself Angel you guys have known each other for years, and I’ve seen how hot piece of ass looks at you.”
I folded my arms and looked at her
“Toya I’m sorry to burst your bubble doll it’s not me I don’t date remember at all.”
Justin spoke up 
“What’s up with that Aves I mean really you’re seriously hot why are you keeping all of that to yourself?”
I shrugged and started eating my chips truth of the matter was I actually didn’t know why I didn’t date, those kind of feelings haven’t been evoked in me yet every time a guy even thinks to start talking to me I closed off and my heart constricted any guy except Danny that is.
We finished our meals and did some eye shopping before heading home Toya and Justin dropped me off I went in got started on my first semester drama script.














CHAPTER THREE
My mom walked in just around seven and I rushed to meet her
“I’m glad to see you still live here “
I said she laughed and hugged me tight
“Hi baby I’ve missed you too, so you ready for that pizza?”
I laughed
“Sure mom food is what I’m thinking about”
“How was school today honey “
I looked at her and sat down on the kitchen counter
“School was good mom actually I want to talk to you about volunteering”
She looked at me and told me to go ahead I continued
“Mom I feel that I would be of better service to the world and human kind if I volunteer more don’t get me wrong mummy I love putting on shows for you and making you laugh but I have really thought long and hard about this and my heart wants to entertain the world. I want to share my talents”
She didn’t look disappointed so I went on to say
“I want to make both you and dad proud of me”
I saw my mother stiffen at my mentioning my dad I guess it must still be painful to have lost him after all these years she moved in closer to me and hugged me
“Honey I’m your mother I’ll always be proud of you, I’m happy you want to do something to help people and baby that just makes you an even more remarkable human being ”
I hugged her back and pushed on “so mom I was also thinking about volunteering at some shelters you know get a head start in my career and all” I swear she almost cried so I lightened up the mood by saying I’ll call in the pizza.
Danny texted me later on to tell me he was hanging out with Charli tonight his on again off again girlfriend
Dee: With charli 2nite. Dnt w8 up.
Me: Is she the mystery girl who has stolen your heart. The one you forgot to tell your best friend.
Dee: Do I detect some jealousy baby girl?
Ok… What is happening right now?
Is he flirting with me, is this flirting? Huh just to get some clarity I texted back
Me: Do you want me to be?
No response, ok so maybe he was not flirting with me. Two hours later as I was about to fall asleep he texted back
Dee: Gudnyt bby girl. I’ll be thinking about you.
The fuck does that mean urghhhh I pulled the covers over my head. What does that even mean why would he be thinking about me when he is with Charli?
Pizza night with mom was awesome I almost forgot how much fun it was hanging out with her we sat up talking well into midnight before she started yawning we walked upstairs and went to bed.

Jeez, I threw my alarm against the wall I didn’t feel like waking up today I was still so sleepy I was grumpy, until I came out of the shower. What to wear today mm mm IPod plugged in Maroon 5 hitting me with their Animal song. I settled on my lace knee length blue dress and black pumps feeling like a star. left my hair loose and put on some gloss something feels different in me today I feel like changing letting go a little I know I was afraid but I don’t know what it was I was afraid of no I’m not going to be young forever so I have to start enjoying it. With a renewed purpose for enjoying life I grabbed my bag and my books went into the kitchen for my juice box and my shades and keys to my red mini cooper today was going to be a great day.
Once I was in my car, I hooted for Danny but then I remembered that he was out with Charli last night so he might be driving in with her today and she doesnt like me very much. It’s just better I drove myself today so I texted him
“Morning Dee hope you had a gr8 night, don’t worry about me this morning I’m driving in I’ve missed driving my baby see you at school”
He texted back
“There goes my morning; I was looking forward to that juice box”
I laughed and replied
“Typical”
Justin and Toya were waiting for me at the school entrance; I was so excited to see them. Today Toya was as colourful as always, wearing a multi coloured ballet tutu skirt with a white vest; yellow figure belt and black pumps. While Justin wore a pink t-shirt that had kiss me now written on the chest with blue levies cut-off jeans and black sneakers. I smiled excitedly at them and hugged them both
“Hey guys”
Justin hugged me back
“Well you are especially chipper today”
Smiling again I said
“Well yes, yes I am I’ve decided to start living”
Latoya practically jumped and touched the sky
“Finally girl first order of business we have a party to attend tonight tell me you are coming “
Justin clapped his hands together in a pleading way I laughed and rolled my eyes
”I’ll be there “
Just as we were talking about what to wear to the party and who was going to be there Charli walked past us and snorted in disgust, Toya being the feisty one in the group ofcourse couldn’t let that slide
“Bitch if you have something to say, say it.” 
Charli stopped and gave me a very dirty look
“You losers are stinking up the way and this fat cow needs to stay away from my man“
We looked around us; clearly searching for something, she got pissed
“What are you idiots doing?”
“Looking for the fat cow,” we all, said
She pointed her long skinny ass finger at me
“Stay away from my man bitch, or I will cut your eyes out.”
Dramatic much? Justin stood in front of me 
“So this is a jealousy rant, get out of our faces before I pop your fake tits”
We turned around to leave her standing there with her mouth open
“Come on guys lets go to class”
We walked in the building still laughing. 
“Ok I love you guys but I have to go, see you at lunch I’ve got a Shakespear class now”
“Ok girl we’ll see ya”
Justin said giving me air kisses as I rushed to class.

***************



CHAPTER FOUR
Made it to class just on time, I was laughing to myself I need to stop standing outside and laughing at skanks if I wanted to be early to my morning classes. Who does Charli think she is though trying to keep me away from my best friend bitches be loco. What does Danny even see in her? 
I was about to open my book when the guy who sat behind me tapped on my shoulder; I turned around and smiled
“Hello”
“Hi “he said 
“I’m Luke Jefferson”
“Nice to meet you I’m Ava Evans”
“I know “
He looked me over slowly and smiled. Lord this guy was flirting with me, ok I got this
“Did you now?”
He smiled showing off his pearly whites; that’s when I looked him over he was gorgues. Broad chest, muscled arms, square jaw, green eyes and short blond hair he was hot and hard all over Damn what was I saying? He smiled at me and put out his hand to me I shook it and smiled back
“I am a very nice guy and I’m crazy about your friend “
I blinked ok I totally misread this situation and I think he could see it on my face because of what he said next 
“Don’t get me wrong Ava you are very hot of course I’d want you if I could it’s just that I am more Justin’s type“
I burst out laughing OMG thank GOD my ego was about thirty percent bruised whew…. I just had to get up and hug him
“Well than in that case Luke you can have lunch with us today“
His eyes lit up as if Christmas was coming early. The lecture went on great we were busy with personality theories of the characters this semester and I have to say I was enjoying it way too much.
So me walking into the cafeteria with a hot guy that was not Danny, was a sight to behold. Especially since this hot guy had his arm around me and I was not having a panic attack and hiding under the table. Justin and Toya watched us walk towards them in astonishment. When we got to the table, Toya couldn’t contain herself anymore
“Well done for living Bestie, I approve.”
Luke turned beet red and I felt so bad for him, its ok if he want Justin he would need to get used to this bluntness. We settled down at the table and I introduced him to them. Justin couldn’t stop running his mouth as usual
“Lukie Boy tell us, how did you bag our Ava how did you conquer where many have failed?”
He leaned in on the table eyebrow raised and asked him again
“How did you do it?”
Luke smirked and looked right in to Justin’S eyes
“I told her I was more interested in you”
Toya and I melted on the spot. Luke had moves, Justin was silenced on the spot and his face was flustered this was a new look for our friend. We all burst out laughing before I turned to Justin
“He is serious by the way. He is more into you than into me disappointing isn’t it“
Justin’s mouth dropped to the floor and we all just cracked up, Luke put his arm around me and crushed me to his chest
“I was tired of waiting for Justin to notice m. I waited two years and he wasn’t seeing me so I had to make myself seen now and here I am“
We all burst out laughing again because Justin was shocked to silence, Danny made his way over to us and he looked pissed.
He looked over at Luke’s arm that was around me
“Hey guys and who is the new member of the group?
 Introduced Luke to Dee
“Dee this is Luke and Luke this is Danny my best friend in the world 20 years and all oh and he won’t tell me who this so called love of his life is “
Danny just gave me a look and they shook hands but Danny didn’t smile at all he was actually rude. Luke shrugged
“Nice to meet you Danny I envy you for knowing this gorgeous thing for 20 years.”
I smiled
“Aww we you think I’m gorgeous thank you, save that for Justin though”
Danny did not like that at all
“Yo Angel, when you are done flirting, will you let me know if we are driving together later.”
I looked at him trying to read his mood what was up with him today
“No don’t worry Dee spend time with Charli, she thinks I want to steal you away from her. I drove in remember”
He turned and left I turned to my friends who all had weird looks on their faces, Luke who spoke up first
“Is it me or did I step in on Danny’s territory?”
Toya started laughing
“Finally someone who sees what I do “
“And what is that “
I asked knowing exactly where they were going with this and they couldn’t have been more wrong Danny must have just had a bad date with Charli last night that’s what’s wrong I got up from the table and told Luke I would meet him at the next class I had to meet up with Danny first.
I raced up behind him and tapped him on his shoulder
“Hey Dee what’s up?”
He shrugged 
“Why would you think anything was up?”
I looked up at him and said 
“20 years of friendship.”
He looked irritated
“Just practice making me tired“
and he walked off. Mmmph that was rude.
“Danny wait “
He turned to look at me “Seriously what is up your ass, are you and Charli fighting again?”
He sighed
“No Angel Charli and I are over that cannot be fixed, but don’t worry ok Angel, it’s hectic with the games this season and we have been training extra hard I’m sorry I’m being awful to you I did not mean too.”
I looked up into his eyes to see if he was telling me the truth, he gave me his puppy dog eyes so I moved into his arms
“Ok good; hey we going to some party tonight you want to come?”
He pushed me back a bit and looked at me surprised
“Since when do you go to parties ?”
I laughed
“Since tonight come on lets go it should be fun, besides it’s my first party and I want you there for my protection…and also… for eye candy”
Oh God did I just say that out loud I quickly put my hand on my mouth ooops he looked at me amusement lighting his face, he was about to say something when
“Danny baby “
Charli showed up out of nowhere and kissed him on the lips moving her hands all over him. I don’t know why but it felt like she was doing this for my benefit and it bothered me a lot and for some reason it looked like Danny wasn’t enjoying it either. I hated that she had her hands all over him worst of all I hated that she was kissing the lips I dreamt of every night. WAIT WHAT? Surprised at myself I backed up from the couple slowly, then turned around, and ran off to class what was going on with me today.

********

















CHAPTER FIVE
AVA’s pov
After school I took Toya home to fetch a couple of things she was going to get ready at my house and quite frankly I didn’t want to be alone with my thoughts, Justin and Luke were going to pass by and pick us up later for the party.
When we got home, toya got started with my hair while we decided on what to wear when Justin called to say that Luke would meet us at the party. It was exciting it being my first party and all and I wanted to look hot I wanted Danny to fall all over himself wait what … This crush was getting worse wasn’t it?
That revelation was so shocking I stood up from the chair so quickly my head started spinning. I am in love with Danny, I mumbled. Toya was like Angel what’s up I almost burned your ear off with this curling iron. I looked at her shocked, eyes wide open
“Toya I’m in love with my best friend”
She squealed
“You finally admit it. “
I was exasperated
“No Toya not good I don’t date, I don’t know where these feelings come from what the hell”
She looked at me and just started laughing I narrowed my eyes and pointed a finger at her and said
“Not a word about this to anyone you got that, not a word “
She just kept on laughing.
The party was at Mike’s house, he was Danny’s teammate and friend, it was so packed when we got there, there wasn’t any place to park so we had to park down the street and walk to the party. I had decided to wear my red figure hugging dress it came just above my knees in length the neckline was v shaped and I have to say my twins (boobs) were really getting some fresh air. I wore a gold figure belt gold earrings and a gold necklace that had a red ruby in the middle and I wore my black 8-inch heels topped off with red lipstick and my hair tumbling down in soft wave. Toya was wearing her green tutu dress that made her look like she had a big bum and she loved that with a black figure belt and her black 8-inch heels. We bought our shoes at the same time just one of those things we both had to have .her hair was a fizzy masterpiece and she wore green lipstick. Justin wore his black tight skinny jeans with his muscle tight pink shirt and a pink scarf around his neck. Added some lip gloss and black shoes he looked fabulous. We walked in and there was barely any room to move around Luke spotted us and came right over. He looked good wearing blue jeans and a black shirt that showed off all his hardness. Pity I knew he was gay damn I laughed to myself this was not fair. He got to us and greet, then he and Justin went to the kitchen to get us some drinks, As soon as they left Danny made his way to me
“Don’t look now but your boyfriend is coming over” My stomached knotted in many twists and I felt myself panicking what am I doing? This is Danny for heaven’s sake. He touched my shoulder, I took a deep breath turned around and smiled. Wow he was breath taking he wore black jeans that hung on him in that sinful way sitting just right on his hips. You could almost make out the outline of that V that looks like it is an arrow pointing to something delicious. I moved my eyes a little higher and saw how his white t-shirt stretched over his muscles with movement and I just stood there breathing. My eyes went a little higher and I saw his lips oooh how I could see those lips doing sinful things to me, I bit my bottom lip when I realised I had started thinking about how I wanted his lips on mine better yet kissing my whole body. GOD I felt dizzy I looked up higher his wavy blonde hair had that just showered look about it and I wanted to run my fingers through it. I finally looked in his eyes he was starring right at me and there was something dark and delicious in his eyes. I couldn’t help licking my lips I actually felt like I was moving in for a kiss when Charli came and snapped shut my momento of thinking. Damn her… I smiled at them both
“Hey guys you look good”
Charli was the one who was talking away talking about how she helped plan and organise the party and all that crap but Danny just stood there staring at me like I’d grown two heads my heart plummeted to the floor he didn’t think that I looked good. I actually felt my eyes sting no way was I going to start crying, just as I thought I was going to embarrass myself in front of my best friend and his girlfriend I felt a hand come around my waist and a kiss on my cheek. I turned to see Luke smiling and looking at me like I was the only girl in the room. I smiled back at him; he turned to look at Danny and Charli and said 
“Sorry to barge in like this, but this is my favourite song and I need my girl to dance with me and I definitely can’t leave her to stand here and waste away this hot red dress now can I “ 
My cheeks were flaming red what was Luke doing Danny had this peculiar look on his face that I couldn’t read I wanted to ask if he was fine when Luke turned to me
“Well Ava shall we go dance so I can show you off to all the guys here tonight “
I was so surprised I couldn’t even laugh I smiled at Danny and Charli
“Sorry guys, I need to go show off my dress, enjoy your night “
We walked off and left them there gawking Luke really walked me to the dance floor, we started to dance to Maroon 5’s Animal song, which was actually my favourite song, and we were singing too. When that song ended we danced to Calvin Harris’s blame it song, Justin and Toya came to join us that’s when I turned to Luke
“Thanks for saving me back there, it was getting awkward“
Luke gave me his pearly whites smile and said 
“When Toya told us your revelation we couldn’t simply let you suffer through that now could we, maybe that little scene we caused will remind Danny that you not just his buddy but that you are a woman a very hot one at that “
Justin slid in between us and said
“Plus I think that dress you’re wearing is bringing the point home for him”
We continued dancing to a few more songs when the DJ did the worst thing and played Danny’s favourite song she’s like a star by Taio Cruz. I am crazy about my best friend; I was looking around for him just to see if he heard the song. I was disappointed when my eyes couldn’t find him anywhere and the jealousy that ripped through me when the thought hit me that he was probably making out with Charli somewhere was brutal. Damn I hate this, suddenly I felt a hand around my waist turning me around my face hit his chest and he whispered in my ear
“I thought I’d steal a dance with my very sexy best friend to my favourite song“
I looked up at him and smiled, I was breathless was I always this breathless around him. Did he always make my heart beat this fast?
“Of course”
He pulled me tighter into his embrace and we started dancing, bumping and grinding against each other. I loved being like this with him too much, too soon for my liking the song ended and Miguel’s sure thing song came on
“I wish you knew what you do to me Angel”
I was about to ask what that meant when Luke grabbed me back to his side and we danced some more. Danny disappeared again.
My phone suddenly rang I didn’t recognise the number so I went outside to answer the call. I wondered who could be calling me this late
“Hello “
I heard a panicked and scared voice, I knew the voice it was Judy. I knew her from the shelter where I volunteered. She had been there twice after her father had beaten her up but always went back because she feared for her little sister and she did not want to press charges
“Judy, what’s wrong” 
She sniffled
“Ava, where are you I need your help”
I could hear the panic in her voice and my heart constricted
“Tell me where you are and I’ll come to you ok “
She sniffled again and said 
“I’m at your house I’m standing outside”
Oh shit yes moms working late again tonight ok 
“Ok Judy 10 minutes and I’m there ok, don’t go anywhere I’ll be right there.”
I ran back inside the party to my friends I told them I needed a ride back home quickly and no, we cannot all go, it was a delicate matter and we would overwhelm Judy even though she was familiar with them. Luke said he would drive me home, I sent Justin an” I’m sorry I’m stealing your boyfriend look”; he just smiled and gave me his “relax you know you owe me big look” I was too worried about Judy to laugh. We shuffled through the crowd and made our way to Luke’s car.
Danny watched us the whole time as we walked out and for the first time that evening I realised that he was angry ok I will deal with that later I needed to get to Judy.

*********




















CHAPTER SIX
Ava's Pov
Judy was sitting on my top step when I got home and she was carrying something in her arms. When I got closer, I saw that she was carrying Sam her four-year-old baby sister and they were both bruised and bleeding
“I’m taking the two of you to hospital and we are calling the police this has gone on for too long “
She looked defeated; she shook her head and said 
“No Ava no hospitals please can we just come in and clean up and then we will be on our way “
Their way ?
“On your way where”
She looked at me and said 
“I don’t know we will make a plan”
I shook my head and said don’t be ridiculous you guys can stay here until we get help I’ll call my mom I’m sure she won’t mind”
Judy smiled bleakly at me and said thank you I called Luke to come in and help to clean Sam up and get her into bed while I helped Judy clean up. After I had helped Judy clean-up we sat in the lounge with some tea and I asked her what happened
“I had some extra classes today at school so I got home a little late around 6, we were done with supper when dad asked me to go to the store and get him some aspirin and milk for tomorrow morning’s breakfast.
He gave me the money and I made my way to the store I forgot the money on the counter so I had to turn back, when I got in Sam was screaming and he was shouting at her to shut up or he would slit her throat. I rushed into the lounge and found him on top of her tearing her clothes of I screamed at him to stop he turned around and punched me so hard I hit the wall and lay limp on the floor for a second. He focused on Sam again so I got up, fetched one of our kitchen chairs, and hit him on the head. He collapsed and I grabbed Sam and we ran here“
She was hysterical; I just held her to me and told her that it will all be ok that I would help her and her sister. I was so pissed I could kill that man myself; he was a low down dirty coward hitting his own kids, kids who love him unconditionally. I got up and helped Judy to bed next to her little sister; she fell asleep instantly her eyes had shadows around them. I could see she hadn’t slept for days this was just too much for a 12 year old. I felt myself getting angry again, so I went into the kitchen to calm myself down. Luke came and gave me a hug
“I can’t let this go Luke I need to do something “
He looked at me and smiled again 
“They are lucky they have you, and you know you have us right anything that needs to be done you know we’ve got your back”
I smiled at him weakly and walked him to the door
“Goodnight sweetie“
He kissed my cheek again when he pulled away we saw Danny standing there with his fingers curled in to fists looking like a wounded angry animal; but he was still hot I wanted to be in his arms immediately but I held myself back. Luke spoke to Danny before he left
“Take care of her for me ok goodnight.”
I was so worked up I forgot I was still in my party clothes I was too tired to change so I just took off my shoes and took my phone from the counter; on my way to the lounge. Danny looked at me when I walked in his face unreadable
“I see you and your boyfriend were in a hurry to leave the party “
I just gave him a look and called my mom drat her phone was on voicemail I’ll just leave a message 
“Mama something has happened and I need your help don’t call me back please just come home”
I hung up and sighed suddenly I just felt drained all the worrying and stress, trying to be strong for others just caught up with me, and I broke down.
I just started crying I couldn’t help it, I walked over to Danny on the couch and straddled him with my legs on either side of him and cried on his shoulder he wrapped his arms around me and squeezed tight he knew how to make me feel better. He knew I could always find my solace in him, what was going to happen to me when he finally got married.
I sniffled and hugged him back all this time he was here, but I was too afraid to tell him, I still was. I loved him so much it was unreal. I pulled back a little wiped my tears away with the back of my hand and looked up at him
“I’m sorry “
“My voice was a little hoarse
“I’m being such a baby”
“Angel, Talk to me “
I didn’t want to talk right now and he understood he gave me one of his boyish grins
“In that case are you feeling better now“
“Why”
“Because Angel as much as I love having you cry on my shoulder, having you on my lap in that dress is just plain torture”
I gasped and jumped off his lap blushing furiously and he was just laughing oh if he only knew how he just made me feel. I wanted to go back, sit on his lap, and have him peel this red dress off me and kiss me as if his life depended on it. He turned serious and said
“Ok at least that answers my question about what you and your boyfriend were not doing “
I slapped his arm
“Oh shut up I’m going up to change “and he gets up too leave. I’m not ready for him to go I just want to spend time with my best friend, whom I just fell hopelessly in love with so I stop him 
“Dee I know its late but would you like to stay and watch a movie with me? I mean I understand if you have plans. “
He smiled that beautiful heart melting smile and said 
“Of course I’ll go get started on the popcorn.”
I squealed and ran upstairs to change.

********













CHAPTER SEVEN
DANNY’S POV
I’m happy she asked me to stay, GOD knows I really didn’t want to leave, when I saw her at the party tonight so beautiful my angel she just took the remaining piece of my heart and she didn’t even know it. I’ve been in love with her since we were in diapers, when I saw her dancing with that guy it took every ounce of my will power to not knock him out. Angel was mine and to see another man’s hands on her made me see red. When I saw them leaving I knew I had to step away and go after them before Angel made a mistake and slept with that douche bag I made to leave when Charli stopped me
“Danny where are you going the party is only starting to get hot?”
I removed her hand from my arm
“I’m leaving I’m not in the mood for this party. “
She grabbed my arm again and said harshly 
“if you walk out that door Danny it’s over I’m done with you.”
I looked at her like she was crazy 
“Charli it’s been over between us for a year you just wouldn’t leave me alone I’m done here”
It was harsh but I turned around and left she has been stalking me ever since we broke up throwing herself at me and kissing me when she could I thought dating Charli would help me keep Angel off my mind but it did squat for me. When I caught her in bed with one of my team mates I didn’t even get angry it just made it easier for me to walk away.
Angel walking in to the room snapped me out of my deep thoughts. I turned around and saw her standing in the kitchen doorway in her short hello kitty pyjamas and her tweety bird head slippers she looked so beautiful her body with curves in all the right places curves that I wanted to kiss every inch of her soft skin, amazing, tits I wanted to suck until she called out my name I wanted my hands on those big full tits of hers help her peel out of that bra she was wearing and just snuggle my face and my thick throbbing cock in there
“Danny are you listening to me “ 
I shook my head and cleared my throat 
“Sorry Angel what was that?”
 She looked at me and smiled 
“What movie do you feel like watching “ 
 Oh Angel I want my eyes on you, better yet I want you under me moaning with your legs wrapped around my waist. I want my mouth on your left breast my hand on your right and my other hand playing with your sensitive nub, while I ram my thick dick in your tight wetness. 
“How about a horror tonight huh?” 
My cock was so painfully hard I had to turn around so she wouldn’t see my bulge I heard her agree to the movie and walked back to the lounge I took a couple of deep breaths to calm my dick down it was going to be a long night.
After a couple of minutes I calmed down grabbed the popcorn, two sodas , a packet of marshmallows and sour worms all her favourites by the way and walked in to the lounge I get there and stop cold in my tracks she had made a little love nest for us on the floor . A thick layer of blankets on the floor pillows around so we can lean on something comfortable and two blankets on top so we can cover ourselves she looked up and smiled 
“I thought we could get comfortable too in case we fell asleep during the movie “. 
my cock twitched again no way will I be sleeping tonight I looked at the table and saw that she had settled on us watching underworld lol all the sequels this should be fun I put the snacks on the table and started getting undressed might as well get comfortable too right I saw her eyes when I took my shirt off her eyes were drinking me in I don’t think that she noticed that she was starring and her eyes were asking me to bend her over right here damn and she just did the worst thing she licked those full pouty lips of hers… I peeled of my pants and she cleared her throat and went to switch of the light maybe it is me maybe I’m wrong but it feels like there’s some chemistry in here.

***************












CHAPTER EIGHT
Ava’s POV
What on earth was wrong with me, here I was gawking at my best friend. I needed to move or something I couldn’t just stand there and look at him.  oh gosh but his chest that has to be the hardest ripped chest that I have ever seen,  he looks like a Greek Adonis all golden, hard and hot I just wanted to lick him all over. Biting my bottom lip I wondered how he would taste or how he would react if I licked his neck ’oh GOD what am I thinking?  I needed to move I cleared my throat and asked him if I could switch of the light he chuckled and said yes he started the movie and grabbed the snacks from the table and brought them to the blankets.  I switched of the lights and walked to the love nest I created I felt selfish for wanting to cuddle up with my best friend but I couldn’t help it I wanted to be in his arms he was the only person in the whole world who knew how to calm me and I just figured out that I loved him.
I slid under the covers and we concentrated on the movie he threw my marshmallows at me and I laughed I fed him some and he fed me some popcorn this lasted up into the second underworld movie and we were still going strong. I stifled a yawn, he turned and looked at me  
“You ready to call it a night Angel “ 
I smiled and looked at him 
“I could sleep, how bout you? “
“Yes I would love to stretch out down here with you “   
I giggled 
“Ok “
I got up to turn off the TV and slid back under the blankets, I leaned in and kissed Danny on the forehead 
 I turned around and faced the other way giving him my back he reached his hand around my waist and pulled me to him, I could feel his hard chest his muscles flexing when he breathed oh God something was happening to me deep down in the pit of my stomach. The slow warmth that’s building up there threatening to fill my whole body the moisture between my legs increased and that was killing me.  I felt his breath on my neck and my nipples went hard and heavy I wanted him to touch me there, to tease me and give me what I needed even though I don’t know what that was. I wish he would just kiss me 
“Angel…” he whispered 
I took a shaky breath and answered him 
“Yeah bud” 
He kissed my neck and said
“You were very beautiful tonight “ 
My breath caught in my throat but I managed to whisper 
“Thank you”  
“Please turn around Angel …. I need to kiss you” 
What did he just say I turned around to ask him just that but before I could say anything his lips were on mine?  He kissed me softly once twice than deepen the kiss he bit my bottom lip so I could open my mouth for him and his tongue slid in, it was the most sensuous thing I’ve ever felt in my life and the next thing I knew my hands were sliding through his hair.  He moaned, a sensual deep moan that I felt right to my toes. What was happening??? He pulled back and I immediately felt the loss of his lips on mine 
“I’m sorry Angel I know you have a boyfriend I didn’t mean too…” 
Understanding dawned on me and I put my finger on his lips to keep him quiet 
“Luke is gay” 
 He growled, pushed me back down and kissed me like his life depended on it I loved it and I love him. Soon thereafter we drifted off to sleep.

I woke up smiling thinking about the wonderful dream I had kissing Danny but then I realised I was sleeping on top of something really hard smooth but hard, OMG it wasn’t a dream  my head was on Danny’s chest my hand around his neck , my leg in-between his legs and his hand was around my waist. I didn’t want to move I could stay like this forever but I needed to go to the bathroom and check on the kids. I got up slowly careful not to wake Danny up and made my way to the bathroom to relieve my bladder, brush my teeth and wash my face. On my way to check on the kids I went into my room and grabbed my gown and proceeded down the hall. they were still asleep but they would be up soon so I thought to make them a hot breakfast before I went downstairs I checked my mom’s room and she was there I woke her up and asked her to meet me in the kitchen.
Ten minutes later she walked in the kitchen and I gave her a cup of coffee, 
“Good morning sweetie, I trust you slept well.” 
 I gave her a look and she laughed 
“I am not ready to talk about that yet mummy, I’m not even sure what that was at the moment” 
My mother carried on laughing 
“Oh don’t worry baby that boy has been in love with you since forever”
 I wanted to believe that yes but this was not Danny time we had to talk about Judy. I explained what happened to Judy and her sister last night and told her about how long it’s been going on and asked her, how we could help. She looked angry about it and she told me I did a good thing taking them in 
 “Before we can help in anyway sweetie, Judy is going to need to press charges against her father, that will remove them temporarily from his care while we can find a more safer and permanent place for them away from that monster” 
I sighed 
“I know mummy I just think they have had enough suffering “  
She came around the counter and hugged me  
“I’ll work on it sweetie I promise”  
“Mom, you are the best”. 
 Danny walked in the kitchen fully dressed and I was slightly disappointed that he hid his chest from me  
“Good morning ma” 
He greeted my mom, she smiled at him, said good morning son and went upstairs to check if the kids were awake. Danny looked at me and smiled I smiled back
“Good morning “
He walked closer to me put his hands around my waist and pulled me to him
“Can I give you a good morning kiss?”
I swallowed the lump in my throat and nodded what was he doing to me really. He leaned in his lips brushed against mine my nipples hardened and I moaned that only made him deepen the kiss. I wanted him to take me on that damn counter. He slowly pulled away 
“What’s for breakfast?”
I looked at him and blushed than cleared my throat
 “Bacon, eggs, fish fingers and toasted bread with butter.”
He held me tighter 
“mmmm sounds delicious so much for being undomesticated “
he smacked my ass and he kissed my neck than went to pour himself some coffee damn what the hell was happening here this is Danny why was he making me so shy The doorbell rang and I went to answer it, it was Toya , Luke and Justin all here to my rescue lol my friends though. We all went to the kitchen they greeted Danny. Toya came to me 
“Girl Luke told us what went down last night, we are here to help.  You know I have a little sister so I brought along some clothes that might fit Judy and Justin brought his little brother’s clothes for Sam.  I hope she doesn’t realise its boy’s clothes “ 
 I was so proud of my friends I just smiled and said “you guys are awesome” 
Luke came over to me and kissed me on my cheek and gave me a tight hug 
 “Anything for you Ava” 
I looked at Danny and he looked hurt, then completely changed his expression like nothing was wrong so I shrugged and invited my friends in for breakfast. Danny just excused himself and left…. I thought we were going to talk about last night guess it meant nothing to him than.























CHAPTER NINE
Danny’s POV
I had to get my ass out of there before I choked that jerk to death how dare he touch my Angel like that gay or not and how dare she let him especially after our kiss last night.  I thought it meant something to her just like it had for me I guess I was the fool.
I got home and went up to take a shower before I laid on my bed in my boxers,  thinking about the girl that plagued my dreams ,the girl I would happily die for who feels so soft and fits so perfectly against me my Angel. I rolled onto my back and groaned in frustration dozed off soon after that. I woke up three hours later to the sound of the doorbell I got up and went to answer it. The sight that greeted me was absolutely stunning, big green eyes looking up at me shyly, pink lush lips smiling up at me her red hair flying in the breeze soft smooth cream skin wrapped in a yellow sundress that only she could pull.  I felt my heart hit against my ribs and felt the air knocked out of me, she was beautiful and she was starring too 
“Why are you naked???” 
She shook her head as if too clear her mind and said 
“You missed breakfast…..thought I’d bring you lunch”
“Yeah babe, thank you please come in” 
We went straight up to my room, she made herself comfortable on my bed. She looked like she belonged there waking up next to me every day for the rest of our lives. She smiled up at me
“Are you going to sit down?”  
I took the basket she brought with her and put it on the bed looking inside and saw there was enough food for two people… 
“Will you be eating with me Angel?” 
She shook her head and frowned 
“No, I thought I’d make you and Charli a nice lunch it is Saturday so I assumed you’d be spending time with her… actually I should be on my way now .” 
she made a move to get up but I wasn’t having it she was mine and it was time to make sure she knew it, I grabbed her hand and pulled her to me she fell on my lap and I held her tight against me she looked at me and I looked right back at her our breathing changed and I knew then I affected her too 
“Angel…..I’m not with Charli anymore haven’t been for a year now “ 
She took a breath
“Oh, well when you left like that this morning I thought it was because she was here”
 I shrugged 
“You let that guy put his lips and hands on what’s mine, I couldn’t stand there and look at that Angel” 
She looked at me, baffled
“What’s yours? “ 
“The woman I love was standing in front of me with another man’s hands around her, how do you think that made me feel?”  
She looked at me wide eyed 
“But I told you Luke is … wait…the woman you love …You love me?”
“I have loved you since we were babies Angel and its only getting worse” 
She looked happy, so happy that I did the only thing I could in that moment and kissed her. She moaned in my mouth and it was the sweetest sound I had ever heard. My dick hardened. I laid her down on the bed not breaking our kiss running my fingers in her hair, moving down her neck slowly towards her waist and back up again. She moaned some and I got harder, I pulled down the strap of her dress and kissed her there she was blushing it was so hot to see I cupped one of her breasts and she gasped I flicked a finger over her nipple through the dress and she moaned some more she just looked so beautiful to me I love her so much… her hands started moving around me touching my chest ,my hair even my ass , she bit my lip and I was astounded at how hot I found that to be. 
“Danny”
She put her hands on my chest
 ‘Danny….’
I loved hearing her say my name out loud like that I had to claim her before some idiot felt entitled to what’s mine . I unbuttoned her dress and it came apart my mouth watered instantly at the sight before me I leaned in and took one nipple in my mouth while I massaged the other breast they were so soft and tasted as sweet and creamy as they looked she thrust her chest toward me to give me a better angle of her and I liked it; her hands were pulling me close and she just kept moaning. I traced my hands down her luscious body getting my fill of the woman I love rubbed my fingers gently against her clit and she gasped I could feel how wet she was over her lace panties and that was it for me I had to be inside of her now….I pulled her panties down and got rid of my boxers she looked up at my face and slowly drank in my body when she looked down at my cock her eyes widened and her lips formed a perfect round O she licked her lips and I snapped I got on top of her and started kissing her again starting from her toes up to the insides of her thighs before I teased her clit a little bit she moaned and said
 “Danny ….I I need ohhhh”
“What do you need Angel”
I said biting lightly on her sensitive bud she tasted like strawberries and honey I couldn’t get enough
“You…..ahh”
“I need you …”
I plunged my tongue deep in her pussy and fucked her like that till she really started begging
“Danny please oooh …” oh damn I wanted to hear her tell me she wanted me to fuck her so I told her 
“Tell me you want me to fuck you Angel “ 
She moaned louder and got even wetter she opened her eyes and looked straight into my eyes and said 
“Danny …. Please Fuck me … fuck hard please” 
my dick got harder than a steel rod and I raised up at her entrance and plunged my dick deep down into her tight pussy she let out a painful scream as I felt her hymen tear and her pussy walls gripped tight on my dick… oh shit I forgot my angel was still a virgin I held myself back so I could check on her showering her with apologetic kisses all over her face 
“I’m so sorry baby I should have been more gentle … are you ok??? Baby talk to me “ 
She looked at me and just pulled my face towards her and kissed me so deeply 
“I’m ok Danny  ... Don’t stop” 
 I started moving inside her with long slow purposeful strokes when she started moving with me I increased my pace and bit down on her nipples she called out my name and I plunged deeper into her tight tunnel I could feel her nails sinking in my back I knew I’d have marks but that turned me on even more her pussy had a tight hold on my dick and I felt the tightening around my balls I was close I fucked my Angel harder slid my hand between our bodies and flicked her clit 
”Come for me Angel… I want to feel you come all over my dick” 
She called out my name and her pussy tightened  around my dick,  I couldn’t hold back anymore so I let her pussy milk me dry I came so deep inside of  her spurt after spurt of thick white spunk in her pussy as I called out her name… I kissed her deeply before I collapsed on top of her. I slowly moved of her and pulled her towards me so I could hold her, there was no way I was letting go of my Angel now…I looked at her face, and she was glowing 
“Are you ok baby?”

CHAPTER TEN
Angel’s pov
Wow Wow Wow ……..
“Wow”
 That was Amazing …..He looked at me with his arms around me and said
 “I’ll take that as a yes than”
 I kissed him I’m so crazy about him .he started kissing down my neck again and playing with my already hard nipples it felt so good…but I had to go see Mrs Alfieri today and that couldn’t be delayed we would deal with whatever this was when I came back.
I smiled at him and said
 ‘I was on my way to see Mrs Alfieri and I’m going to be late if you don’t stop.’
 He grudgingly got of me and said well than I’m coming with you. ’I laughed and said ok he got dressed took his sandwich and car keys and we headed out to his car.



Danny’s pov

 She looked so beautiful sitting in the front seat of my car , I couldn’t stop looking at her lips they were pink and full but now they were just fuller because I had my mouth on them a minute ago. My girl …… I could definitely get used to that .Damn I got hard just looking at those lush lips can’t wait to see them wrapped around my cock…

ANGEL’S POV
My whole face was on fire, I wanted to touch my lips just to feel them and reassure myself that this really happened. Danny said he loved me and then he made love to me no actually he fucked me to sin … I looked at him while he was driving and asked 
’ you said you love me … did you mean that’ 
He tilted his head toward me and gave me that smile that I loved   
 ‘I’ve never been more serious in my life Angel’ 
I smiled and said ‘so if that’s the case that means that we’re together right?’
 He looked at me 
‘My heart beats only for you” 
I smiled and then I frowned a little and asked 
 ‘What about Charli?’ 
‘Charli and I have been over for a long while and yes I was with her last week but only because she needed a friend that’s all I swear  I would never lie to you Angel never to you “
I believed him I smiled and nodded so I guess we were officially together.
We arrived at Mrs Alfieri’s house and she let us in. I explained the situation about Judy and her little sister and asked if she could take them into the shelter while my mom helps them out with their case she was so devastated by what I had told her was happening to Judy and Sam that she said they could stay there for as long they could and she would make sure that they were watched over so nothing happens to them, I hugged her and told her that I would still be volunteering like I have been and this time I will be bringing my friends to help out. She smiled sadly at me and said that help is always welcome I smiled and told her that my mom will drop the kids off tonight when they come back from the Zoo and she said that was fine . I asked Danny to unload the bags from the car with their clothes and bring it inside and then we said our goodbyes.
The drive home was nice we had Sean Kingston and Chris brown with beat it playing in the background, Danny held my hand the whole time and kissing my knuckles like we did this every day. This whole us being in a relationship thing felt kind of weird. He dropped me off at home, and then went to park his car at his place.  He came back to my place and walked straight up to my room, I was tired from sleeping late last night and from what we did of course so we fell asleep on my bed.  We woke up two hours later because my phone was ringing I rolled away from Danny angry at the person who was disturbing our bonding time ‘Hello”
 It was my mom 
 ‘Hey mummy, are you back home? If you looking for me I’m in my room’ 
She laughed a little and said “sorry honey sounds like I woke you, I just wanted to let you know that I dropped the kids off and I’m going out with Steve for drinks so don’t wait up’
“Ok mummy have fun tonight love you ‘
I looked at the clock on my phone ,it was almost seven o clock I turned around and looked at Danny and he was still snoring lightly so I got up turned on my ensuite shower and went downstairs to order pizza and some desert then went back up to take a shower before the delivery arrived.  I felt so tender down there I hoped the hot water would help me I winced a little when the water touched my sensitive place.  I stumbled a little bit and felt big strong hands come around me, I leaned into him, the love of my life he kissed my neck and I couldn’t stop the moan that slipped past my lips he then said 
“I’m sorry I hurt you Angel “ 
He kissed the back of my neck and said 
“You just so damn sexy and beautiful I forgot it was your first time” 
He turned me around and tilted my head back kissed my neck deeply felt like he was giving me a hickey but he wouldn’t right no he wouldn’t and then he said
 “Thank you for letting me be your first “
He bit down on my nipple 
“And your last baby … I’m keeping you. I love you angel”. 
 I blushed a deep red and then just smiled at him like a little idiot  he pushed me against the shower wall and I felt him slide so deep inside me the air rushed out of my lungs he moved so deliciously inside of me, I felt my orgasm building up 
“Let go Angel…. Let me feel you come all over my dick again”
That did it for me and I called out his name I felt him move even faster and came inside of me with a loud groan that did wonders for me I might add. We stood still under the hot water getting our breathing under control and I said 
“I ordered pizza”
He looked at me and laughed “only you can get away with saying something like that after making love Angel,”
 I laughed with him too and we got out of the shower. 
“Shit babe I forgot we have a team brief tonight I hate to leave you but I have to go “
I was disappointed but I couldn’t exactly throw a hissy fit now could I?? So I pouted and told him that it was ok and that I’ll see him tomorrow he moved into my personal space and hugged me tight
“I love you Angel, enjoy the pizza “and he left.









CHAPTER ELEVEN
ANGEL’S POv
The pizza arrived a few minutes after Danny left, as I was busy putting it on the counter Toya sent me a text.
Toya: ARE YOU BUSY TONIGHT?
Me: Nope just me pizza and ice cream
Toya: fantastic we coming over for a FIFTY SHADES OF GREY GAME NIGHT so go put on your sexiest underwear ….
Ava: Lmfao, What?
Toya: Justin bought the fifty shades of grey party game so obviously we have to dress up. We are getting Luke now then we are on our way to you 
Ava: I have crazy friends …. Fine pick up an extra pizza I’ll get dressed and take out the alcohol...
I hurried upstairs to get dressed, plugged in my ipod. Beyonce’s partition song played, as she was the whole reason why I owned a white crystal bedazzled corset with tiny white panties to match. Put that together with my thigh high stockings I fluffed out my hair applied some mascara, eye shadow and a bit of blush finishing off with my favourite red lip stick. I put on my heels and went downstairs to get out the drinks.
Taking out the ice bucket, I filled it with ice then took it to the lounge. I came back in the kitchen and took out the Jack Daniels and Absolute vodka bottles along with the cranberry and apple juices to mix. As I started warming up the pizza, I got a text...
Toya: Open up we’re outside!!!!
I laughed and went to open up. My friends really didn’t disappoint Toya came dressed like a dominatrix, black leather bra with diamonds on the tips, black leather boy short panties, with thigh high black leather high heeled boots. She carried a coiled whip on the side of her hip my friend was a freak. She looked like an all-round bad girl and she topped of her look with red lipstick. Justin and Luke both wore tight ass holding black boy shorts and nothing on top. Toya and I were faced with nice hard-bodied men who just had to be gay; they looked good. Justin also had bunny ears on his head and a bunny tail. Toya and I got the pizza ready while Luke and Justin fixed our drinks well actually Luke did the drinks Justin was just looking cute.
As we were about to start eating Justin looked at me and cleared his throat, nothing good was about to come out of his mouth
“Ava hmph correct me if I’m wrong but, bitch is that a Hickey on your neck?”
My eyes went wide and my jaw was on the floor, oh damn him he really was giving me a hickey. I blushed up to the roots in my hair Toya was like
“Hickey? What hickey?”
Luke had that “Girl you’ve been holding out on us” look Justin stood up to make a point because obviously he couldn’t make one while sitting down.
“We are going to get our drink on and little Ms Ava here is going to tell us exactly how that hickey got there and most importantly who put it there“
I rolled my eyes Toya took a sip of her drink and gave me a very wicked smile.  I almost laughed; Justin started setting up the game
“Ok guys take your inner Goddess out here to play…We’ll be starting with the vanilla questions before we get to the kinky ones “
We started laughing and raised our glasses, my phone buzzed with a text from Danny 
Danny: I cannot stop thinking about you Angel.
Ava: I am so not talking to you right now 
Danny: why are you mad Angel?
Ava: Ask the damn HICKEY on my neck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Danny: I thought I did a good job on that babe…plus I wanted the whole world to know who you belong too!
Ava: WELL THEN… THE WORLD KNOWS.
Danny: what do you mean…who are you with right now? 
I put my phone on silent and threw it on the couch I will not be responding to that, HMPH branding me and not even apologising what the hell?
Danny: is it Luke?
Danny: Angel please talk to me …
Danny: I’m coming over.
My friends were looking at me funny after I threw the phone on the couch
“Would I be right in saying that Danny put that Hickey on your neck?”
I felt my cheeks heat up and that was all the confirmation they needed Luke said 
“So you guys are officially together “
I nodded, they squealed like bitches and I just laughed
“So how big is his Dick?”
Huh…
I looked at Toya wide eyed and Justin jumped in
“Ooooh yes now that’s a question we all want the answer to, because damn girl that Adonis boyfriend of yours is fine…I could lick him all over” Luke gave Justin a look and Toya turned the heat back on me
“Judging by the look on her face I guess we can all say that Danny is very well hung”
Oh, my God these people, was this normal? Luke not willing to be left behind added his two cents
“Ava doll keep fucking his brains out, let us live through you.”
I looked at him was he serious right now?
“Oh God please just stop talking … “
We carried on playing the game laughing along the way. My friends were tipsy already on our way to getting drunk. Justin was busy trying to demonstrate some Kama sutra moves telling us what they were for and when to use them, we were dead with laughter, because he ended up face flat on the floor when we got up to help him the doorbell rang.




















CHAPTER TWELVE
DANNY’S POV
I should have never left Angel alone; that meeting was so unnecessary and now after checking up on her and finding out she was not alone I could only see red. I’ll kill whoever dared to touch her. I needed to leave that meeting soon, to make my hell worse Charli showed up at the meeting with refreshments for the team and she just happened to throw herself on my lap. I got up and she fell on her ass, I looked at her disgusted
“I don’t think my girlfriend would appreciate seeing you on top of me.” 
She looked at me dumbstruck
“What Girlfriend?”
I just walked away I was not going to chill with the team at the bar with her ass there, especially not when I could spend that time with my Angel. I got in my car and was about to drive away when Brad asked me if he could tag along, since Angel wasn’t alone anyway I told him he could. When I told him where we were going he looked too excited for my liking, well he had better not be thinking about making a move on my girl or I will definitely kick his ass.We got to my place, I parked my car then walked next door to Angel’s place; and knocked… 
I swear nothing on earth could have prepared me for what I saw when that door opened. My jaw dropped, my eyes opened wide, and my dick instantly got hard…damn she was so beautiful. I loved what she had on; I stepped in grabbed her and gave her the most intense kiss of my life. When we pulled back for air her eyes were still closed and she seemed to be recovering from my kiss. I decided that I loved that look on her, than I remembered that Brad was with me so I covered Angel with my body 
”Shit Brad you better not be looking at Angel”
Brad made a sound in his throat and Ava laughed 
“Come in Brad, you I’m not mad at”
She pushed me away and led Brad to the lounge, what the hell was going on here and why was she in her underwear. It definitely wasn’t for me she didn’t know I was coming over unless if she read all my texts and ignored them. I followed them and got there just in time, as I heard everyone welcoming Brad and telling him to get sexy if he wanted to stay. What I saw in that lounge made me want to laugh Angel and her friends were having a fifty shades of grey sleep over…that is why my baby looked so hot and tipsy hopefully she won’t be mad at me the whole night. Toya looked at me smirked and raised her glass at me
“Hello hot piece of ass …. You guys getting drunk with us?”
I looked at her and laughed 
“Sorry T, football season we can’t drink alcohol but we are ok to watch you guys “
Brad had his eyes trained on Toya and that’s when I started relaxing, Angel went back to the kitchen with Luke to mix virgin drinks for me and Brad. I walked in and wrapped my arms around her from behind, she immediately leaned into me and said 
“I hate that I can’t stay mad at you “
I laughed, kissed the top of her head and said
“I’m glad you can’t because I hate it when you don’t talk to me Angel “
I turned her around and kissed her, Luke slipped out of the kitchen so I picked Angel up and put her on the counter and stood between her legs. She wrapped her hands around my neck and moaned when I squeezed her ass 
”You make the sweetest noises Angel”
“I’m so drunk in love with you right now” 
I felt my chest tighten at that and squeezed her ass again, she giggled
“Are you going to fuck me against the wall again lover? “
My dick was hard, I bit her earlobe
“What have I turned you into Angel?”
She laughed and hugged me tight
“I’m glad you know you’re to blame for this behaviour”
She sucked on my bottom lip and said 
“Well then let’s go join the others before I end up taking you to bed…” 
I grabbed her to me and said, “Would that be such a bad thing Princess?”
“No lover but I’m still sore down there and I’m sure when you take me you’d want me moaning in pleasure not screaming in pain right….”
I let her lead me back to the lounge. The sleep over got funnier as time went on and it got worse once they all started singing along to the songs that were playing. Angel had her eyes on me all the time she stole kisses just because she could and that made me swell with pride. That she was this comfortable with being my girl, she was happy to show it to the world I loved her more … I was going to marry this girl…





Chapter THIRTEEN
Ava’s pov
Oooh God my head was not happy with me this morning, how much did I have to drink? I hated my friends for this I sat up and looked around Toya and Brad were cuddled up on the couch, Justin and Luke were passed out on the floor I was sitting on the other couch with Danny’s jacket around me but no Danny I wondered where he went. I got up went straight to my bathroom and took a shower, and brushed out my hair put on some sweats and my favourite t shirt which was Danny’s by the way I went down to the kitchen took out some aspirin and drank it down with some juice. I sat down on the chair and put my head on the counter yeah my head really hated me right now. There was a knock on the door so I got up to go answer, when I opened the door there was nobody there but there was an envelope addressed to me on the floor. I picked it up opened it and almost fell down and hurt myself. I rushed inside grabbed my keys and rushed out to my car I needed to see my mother I drove down to her office and practically ran up to her office 
“Ava”
She took in my appearance 
“Honey what’s wrong?”
I gave her the threat note she read over it and I literally saw her turn pale and scramble to the floor what the hell was going on. I kneeled next to her and asked her what was going on she looked at me with tears in her eyes
“Ava your father didn’t die defending our country I left him because he didn’t want you”
Wait what? He didn’t want me! I was frozen on the spot she continued talking 
“He told me to get an abortion or he would leave me I refused. I thought we were done with that conversation since I had made up my mind When I was 6 months pregnant he attacked me in an attempt to kill you, I couldn’t let that happen I loved you ,you were mine and I was not going to let him just take you away. When you were 12, you were at home alone because your nanny was running late; your father broke into our home and he tried to force himself onto you Steve and I walked in just in time. He had beaten you up so badly you were unconscious, Steve was so mad he beat him up and almost killed him he told him to leave town or he will really kill him we never saw him again since “
she was crying hysterically and I still couldn’t move I was so numb I didn’t know what to feel, all this time I wanted to make this man proud of me, all this time I thought he was dead and missing out on a chance of getting to know me instead, he wanted me dead. My mom wiped her eyes and continued to say
”Ava your grandfather got sick a few years ago he contacted me and told me he was leaving his entire estate to you he was a very wealthy man and his son disappointed him but he had a lot of love for you sweetie he is the one who begged me to let him buy you the car that you love so much. His lawyer called me last month to tell me that he passed away and that everything has been transferred to your name I think your father found out about this and that’s why he is back to try to kill you again.”
I had a grandfather I didn’t know who loved me and left me his wealth. A father who wants me hurt or dead, did this world turn upside down? Will this money thing make him succeed this time? I couldn’t deal with this right now I got up and ran out of the office with my mom calling after me I continued running until I got to my car the world felt like it was closing in on me I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t think, I was just waiting for people with cameras to jump up and say “You’ve been Punked”, that did not happen. I put my throbbing head on my steering wheel and started to cry I cried and cried and cried I had to drive just go somewhere to clear my head and think of a plan of action my heart will just have to fall apart when this was over…..
I tried to be strong but I couldn’t keep it together I couldn’t go back home my friends were there with their hangovers and I didn’t want to bum them out I wasn’t even ready to talk about this yet… my life was in danger and I’m worried about not bumming my friends out. Danny needs to concentrate on his football games he is going pro next year and I do not want to ruin that for him. I drove around all day and ended up at the Ritz hotel which was two hours out of town so I checked in; in cash and gave them a fake name I got into the suite locked the door crawled onto the bed curled myself into a ball and cried myself to sleep.















CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Danny’s pov
I came back to Angel’s house with breakfast for everyone, I found Brad in the kitchen making coffee
“If Angel’s mom caught you in her kitchen dressed like that she would kill you dead “
He groaned, I laughed I asked him if my girl and her friends were still sleeping he said Toya and the guys are still sleeping; but he did not know where Ava was. She wasn’t there when he woke up. I nodded maybe she was taking a shower I grinned to myself and rushed up the stairs in the hopes of joining her. The room was quiet when I entered and her bed was made. My jacket sat on top of her bed, I smiled to myself she looked good in my clothes. I went into her en-suite and sure enough she was in there earlier, the shower was still wet I wondered where she went I didn’t see her car in the driveway. I took out my phone to call her, but it rang before I started dialling and it was Angel’s mom 
“Morning Ma”
“Danny is Ava with you? Please tell me she is with you,”
She sounded like she was crying and I started to panic 
“She is not with me I was just about to call her, is everything ok Ma?”
She cleared her throat and said yes but I could tell she was hiding something
“Where is Angel than?”
“She is on her way back there she left my office a little upset I told her, her gran mother was sick”
Ok that explains the tears Angel loved her Gran
“Ok Ma I’ll let you know when she gets here.”
“Thanks Danny bye now.”
 She hung up so I called Angel, her phone just rang must be driving that is why. I went downstairs to wait for her. Her friends were already up and looking like hell, I could have laughed. They ate their breakfast asking where Angel was and I was starting to ask myself the same question. We cleaned up the house and I found Angel’s phone on the couch she must have thrown it there last night when she was mad at me; but why would she leave it behind now?
Lauren came bursting in the door with Steve behind her and scanned the room I could tell they were looking for Angel. Lauren’s eyes were all puffy and red you could tell that she was crying what was going on here? She put on a fake smile and greeted everybody they all said their hellos. Lauren and Steve went to the kitchen Justin looked around and said,
“Ok Ava is going to kill us if we don’t say goodbye to her before we leave but she is not here so we will leave the Goodbyes with her hot piece of ass boyfriend.”
I smiled to myself yes she was my girl. Toya hugged me and walked out, the guys all waved and left. I made my way to the kitchen and overheard Lauren and Steve talking about Angel. Lauren was saying 
“We have to find my daughter Steve I hate not knowing where she is “
Steve went to hold her and said,
“I have my guys out there looking for her; we’ll find her love I promise you we will.”
Lauren started crying 
“What if that bitch has her? What if she kills her “
I walked in and said 
“Ma what the hell is going on?”
They both looked up at me and Lauren just broke down? 
“Where is Angel, who the hell wants to kill her?”
Steve looked at me concern written on his face
“We are looking for her now”
“Why are you looking for her? 
Shouldn’t she be on her way home now?”
Lauren wiped her tears with the back of her hand and sniffled
“I love you like a son Danny and if anything I know that Ava needs you now more than anyone. Knowing my little girl wherever she is she won’t call anyone or even ask for a shoulder to cry on because she doesn’t like to be a bother.”
She cleared her throat again and continued
“Ava just found out some really bad news today and she was threatened. For her personal safety, we need to find her it will be up to her to tell you what’s going on and she will. Please take care of my daughter Danny.”
I nodded I was confused yes but I would protect Angel with my life there was no doubt about that.
Steve’s phone rang just after 10pm with an update no news yet on Angel and I was already fidgeting I didn’t like this one bit …WHERE ARE YOU ANGEL?
*******

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Ava’s pov
I woke up feeling dazed, looking around my unfamiliar surroundings then I remembered where I was and why. I hugged myself tight and started crying again, there was a knock on my door; I got scared and started to panic so much so that my heart was in my throat. Nobody knew I was here, I was shaking so bad I almost didn’t hear the guy call out room service. My heart started to slowly calm down, this can’t be my life it just can’t be. I started crying again after an hour of crying on the floor I decided to go home talk to my mother and ask her what we were going to do about this.
I got home a little after 2am the lights were still on and I wondered what was happening but I didn’t really care at the moment. I walked past the kitchen and three sets of eyes landed on me, I felt my chest closing in on me again so I just walked away. I went upstairs and got in the shower, as soon as the water hit me my tears started falling down my cheeks. I slid down the wall and hugged my knees close to my chest. The shower door opened shortly after that, I didn’t bother looking up I knew it was him; the love of my life. He sat next to me and folded me in his arms; we sat like that for a long while with the hot water pouring down on us I felt safe I felt like I was at home. After what felt like an eternity, he stood up and carried me into my room we dried off and I put on my underwear and another one of his t-shirts. We got under the covers and he held me tight to him, he kissed the top of my head and I started crying again. After a few minutes I had my tears under control I squeezed his hand that was on my stomach took a deep breath
“This morning when I was in the kitchen drinking some aspirin there was a knock on the door. When I opened it nobody was there just an envelope addressed to me, I opened it and read what was inside it was a death threat for me. I rushed into the house grabbed my keys and went straight to my mom’s office.
I showed her the note and she collapsed on the floor and started to explain. I took a deep breath and said
“My father was not the great man my mother made him up to be. The actual truth that was hidden from me was that he never wanted me.”
He held me tighter to him and I carried on
“My mom fell pregnant with me, my dad told her to get rid of me or he would leave“
I laughed at myself a little
“She obviously chooses me and apparently he wasn’t man enough to accept being rejected not even when he found someone else and got married. When mom was six months along he and his new wife attacked her in an attempt to kill me themselves. Mom says she fought them off that she wasn’t going to let them take me away from her so they failed.”
I pinched my nose and swallowed my tears if anything I needed to tell Danny, I love him and I know he loves me to the point of death so he does not deserve to be in the dark.
“When I was 12 he came to the house and apparently beat me up so bad that I was unconscious and he; he tried to force himself onto me. If mom and Steve didn’t make it on time he would’ve… oh my God he would’ve raped me; his own flesh he would’ve hurt me like that“
I started crying again, it just hurt so much to talk about; he held me tighter to him and whispered in my ear that he loved me so I kept going
“My grandfather disowned him and his wife when they started doing drugs. He passed away recently and has left me all of his money, which is a lot apparently. Mom says he loved me a lot and that he was the one who bought my car. Because he left his estate to me, my father’s wife has appeared to take what belongs to her.”
I broke down again, he held me tight when I started shaking and kept kissing my neck after an hour or so I fell asleep.

Danny’s pov
I have never seen Angel so devastated, before she walked into the house we were about to send a bigger search party out for her. I have never been so relieved to see her in my whole life. She stood in the kitchen doorway looking at us her eyes red from crying and her lips all pouty. I knew the moment she was about to break down, so I followed her upstairs. When I got there she was on the floor in the shower crying and shaking. My heart broke, I rushed in just to hold her, her sobs got louder as soon as she was in my arms and I couldn’t do anything but hold her I didn’t even know what was wrong. After a long while I stood up turned off the water and carried Angel to bed, we dried of and got dressed after that we got into bed and she started crying again. I held her tight to me and told her that I loved her she seemed to get her tears under control, but she was still tense in my arms she took a deep breath and I listened to her telling me everything that had happened. It’s a wonder she was still standing after all of that I remember that incident from when we were 12 her mom wouldn’t let me come and see her or play with her all summer. Said Angel was in a car accident, I showed up every day at their doorstep with flowers and a teddy bear that I begged my dad to buy for me. He had asked me at the time why I wanted all those things and I said to him 
“My Angel was hurt and I want to be the one to cheer her up dad” He had laughed at me and then said he was proud of me and one day she would realise just how much I loved her. Had I known than what that bastard tried to do to her I would have killed him myself.
I just lay there listening to her telling me the sick things this fool did and I was shaking so bad with anger that I couldn’t express I wanted to hit something yell shout anything I didn’t want my Angel to be in so much pain, she started crying again and I held her tightly to me and rocked her gently until she fell asleep.
When she fell asleep, I climbed out of the bed slowly being careful not to wake her, I went downstairs to look for Steve and Lauren I am sure they needed and update on our girl and I personally wanted to know what we were going to do to protect her.
When I got in the kitchen, Lauren ran into me and hugged me 
“How is she Danny?”
I wrapped my arms around her mom and said that she was shaken up but sleeping now Steve’s face closed off and I knew what he was thinking he wanted to kill that asshole and so did I…
I handed Lauren over to Steve and asked
“What is the plan, how are we protecting Angel?”
He looked at me and said 
“I have a team of guys looking for that idiot and I’ll have another team trained on watching Angel from now on, silently of course I don’t think our baby girl will like being followed”
I nodded
“I’ll make sure that she is always with someone at school “
Steve agreed and said 
“These men are extremely well trained ex-navy seals Danny our girl will be safe.”
That was a little bit comforting but not enough. It was 4 in the morning so I told them I was going back to Angel before she freaked out they nodded Steve locked the front door and they also went upstairs our women will be protected and we will kill anyone who threatens them. Angel was still fast asleep when I came back in, she snuggled closer to me when I got under the covers and I watched her sleep.










CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Ava,s pov
I woke up feeling groggy and tired, Danny was still snoring I smiled a little at that and slowly got out of bed and went down to the kitchen to make some coffee. I didn’t like the way I was feeling, but I couldn’t help it either I couldn’t shake everything off and be the happy me, the me that wants to save the world. Why… why was I letting this woman that I have never met before do this to me, why does his rejection of me paralyze me with so much pain? I slid down to the floor and started crying again…I hated that I couldn’t  control these water works either, I pulled my knees to my chest and put my head on my knees and carried on silently crying. My mom walked into the kitchen and came straight to me, she sat down beside me and hugged me to her and then she started crying with me.
After a while we calmed down, she rubbed my back and said,
“I would never let him hurt you again Ava never.”
I looked at my mom I knew she was trying to make me feel better and I was grateful 
“So this was why you had me take all those self-defence classes?”
She smiled up at me and said
“If I remember correctly we took those classes together. “
My chest tightened again and I said 
“Mommy I’m sorry you had to carry that burden alone for so long and thank you for always looking out for me.”
“I would do anything for you Ava and I wasn’t alone Steve was there”
I laughed
“Mom I’m just wondering why we haven’t married him yet”
“Well now that I know that you would be ok with it, I’ll say yes the next time he asks.”
“Wait …what? Mom he asked and you said no….why?”
“Because sweetie I had to keep my attention on you, I don’t regret anything and Steve understands. “
I looked at my mother
“Exactly how many times did he propose?”
She looked away guiltily and said
“Five”
my mouth dropped open
“You turned Steve down five times Mothe, the poor man that’s it Mom you are going to take matters into your hands and propose to Steve today.”
She looked at me as if I was crazy
“Ava I couldn’t possibly do that”
“Why mom? You love Steve right. He put himself out there for you five times; I just think that now it is your turn. Besides I don’t know why you wouldn’t, Steve is one hell of a sexy man damn I mean even Dwayne Johnson has nothing on Steve. Seriously mom you need to snatch that up”
She laughed at me and said, “ok Ava I’ll go snatch him up.”
She got up
“I love you,”
“I love you too mom. “
My phone rang just then, I did not recognize the number but I answered it anyway
“Hello”
The man cleared his throat and said
“Good morning Miss Evans, my name is Jonathan Rodwick, I am Mr Grayson’s lawyer.” 
All I could say was “oh” he continued to say 
“I was delegated with the task of settling his affairs after he passed and I was wondering if you have some time for me this morning.”
I was so stunned I mean I just found out about all of this yesterday, I could not run away from it I guess
“I’ll be in your office in an hour “
“Ok I’ll see you when you get here”. I
I hung up and went upstairs to get ready, when I walked in Danny was just waking up, I went to the bed kissed him softly on his lips and said morning, he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me down to the bed and said
“How are you feeling Angel?”
and kissed the top of my head
“Is it ok if I don’t answer that?” 
He smiled into my hair and said
“Ok… are we staying in bed the whole day today?”
“As tempting as that sounds, we can’t I have an appointment with my Grandfather’s lawyer”
I felt him stiffen besides me 
“And you have practice; so no we can’t stay in bed all day”
He groaned, “What does he want?”
“I think he wants to hand over the estate “
he rolled me over and got on top of me 
“fine, but I’m coming with you”,
he got off me and went to turn on the shower for us, I smiled to myself…. Yep that is my BATMAN right there; I got off the bed to join him in the shower. We were showered and dressed in twenty minutes so we headed out to meet the lawyer.
On the drive there, I started to get nervous and Danny could see that so he held my hand and told me 
“Baby if you’re not ready we don’t have to go.”
I took a deep breath and said 
“It’s ok, I want to do this … get it over with.” 
I turned around and looked out the window I did not want to crack again; all of this was just so overwhelming,
The drive to lawyer’s office was silent and tense; Danny really did not want me to go there. I put my hand on his lap in an attempt to ease the tension and it worked, he looked at me and gave me a very satisfied smile. We arrived at the Rodwick and partner’s office building and the door attendant directed us to go right up to the last floor. We got there and I walked up to the secretary’s desk 
“Good morning, my name is Ava Evans and I’m here to see Mr Rodwick “.
She looked up at me and smiled “yes he is expecting you dear if you’ll just follow me.” Danny and I followed her to the lawyers office and led us in. as soon as we walked in Mr Rodwick stood up from his chair and came straight out to give me a hug….I was stunned what the hell ,who is this guy??i looked at Danny and he looked like he was ready to blow a fuse so I cleared my throat and stepped out of the hug.to our surprise Mr Rodwick wiped away his tears … the man was crying, what was going on here. He cleared his throat and said
“I’m so sorry for being forward Ava…it’s just that it has been so long since we laid eyes on you”
“We” Danny and I looked at each other he then went on to say “your Grandfather and i…. please sit down we have a lot to talk about.
”We all sat down, I put my hands on my knees to stop them from shaking, Danny saw that and held my hands in his.
“Your grandfather and I are brothers that makes me your grandfather too.” I nearly fell of the chair … what was happening right now? He continued on to say 
“we wanted you in our lives Ava, but we did not want to give your father another reason to want to harm you. Where we went wrong with him is a mystery to us, he lost a priceless gift turning his back on you Ava and we were wrong for staying away as well we should have fought harder for you ,fought harder to protect you”. I looked at him and said, 
“Apologies are fine and everything but I am a bit confused as to why you are the one who is apologising. I mean you are not the one who is trying to kill me so please don’t beat yourself up”.
 He cleared his throat and said that he would like to have a relationship with me now not only for him but for my grandfather as well 
“Why did he leave everything to me?” “It was always yours Ava. You are his only grandchild, your father was to inherit and then pass it on to you, but when he tried to kill you and your mother we saw it fit to draw a line, don’t think it was because of the money that he wanted you dead no, he was troubled for a long time we just saw the signs too late. We tried to get him help but he refused all of our efforts and died because of a drug overdose.”
I sat there stunned at least him hating me for getting all the money that was supposed to be his was a reason bad as it is, but knowing that he just has pure hatred for me for no reason at all was crushing. I felt myself starting to tear up again so I blinked my tears away and asked, “So what exactly did he leave me?”…
 I was so glad to be done with that meeting; I needed my head to be in a clear space before I could make any decisions. What a total turn.












CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
DANNY’S POV
“So can we go home and cuddle now?”
I said trying to make her smile; she smiled by the way and said 
“Nice try lover, you are not missing practice.”
I gave her a look as if to say she was mad 
“Angel I’m not going to practice, I’m spending the day with you.”
She turned around in her seat smiled seductively 
”Tell you what… how about I come to practice with you, than maybe afterwards I can get to have sex with your sweaty body”. 
She winked at me and I could not breathe yeah my girl was lethal alright. I nodded and she kissed my cheek. We drove up to the stadium; I held her hand and lead her up to the stands, so she could sit there and wait for me. I kissed her silly and left her breathless, I will definitely be thinking about her the entire practice session. I am happy she did not fight me about not wanting to leave her alone. I do not want that bastard anywhere near her ever again so I was not about to make it easy for him to get to her I would kill him first.
I came out of the locker rooms after changing, when I looked at the stands to check on Angel, I was not even surprised to see that her friends had somehow showed up; that actually helped me relax a little. They were so deep in conversation; that she did not even see me come out, Justin looked up and when he saw me, he nudged her; she looked up smiled and blew me a kiss. I have to say that was extremely satisfying.











AVA’S POV
I knew Danny would not want to leave me alone, so I texted my friends to meet me at the football stadium, around about when his practice would start. They all confirmed they would be there. Admitting that I did not want to be alone would just make everybody worry and I did not want that at all
”So Ava; best friend of mine I need your help…” 
I looked at Toya 
“Ok T anything for you what’s up?”
She cleared her throat and said “ok I need all of your help friends of mine, it’s for my end of year project, I need you guys to be my models for the fashion show competition my class is hosting. The designer that wins will be offered contract to design clothes with five of the world’s top designers and win a healthy some of money to start up a business… please guys I really need your help.”
We all looked at her as if she was crazy to ask of course we would help and I think I needed something like this to take my mind of things for the moment. We all agreed and I said 
“Do you need any more models?”
“Of course I do who did you have in mind?”
I smiled “I’m sure we will find people.”
“Well I just want to know when this show is going to be because I need to start doing my squats and lunges…” 
Justin said squeezing his ass. We all burst out laughing so loud Danny and his team turned to looked at us, we covered our mouths quickly and sat down quietly for the rest of the practice.
After practice Danny ran straight up the stands to us he kissed my lips with my friends whoop whooping the whole time, he grabbed me to him, smiled at my friends and greeted them 
“What are you guys up to?”
laughing Justin said “oh nothing… but what did you have in mind”. I whacked him on his arm 
 “HEY …MINE remember.” Danny tightened his arms around me and laughed Justin just made a “hmph” sound.
We said our goodbyes and walked to Danny’s car 
“Hey do you happen to know what James schedule is for the next 10 weeks? “
He looked at me and said, “Am I being replaced?” 
 Laughed, 
“No silly I’m all yours. I want to help Toya with her fashion show so I was wondering if Quad could you know make an appearance and take over the music bit.”
He kissed my throat 
“I’ll call him and find out… in the mean time I remember a certain promise being made, about my sweaty body and you being all over it”
he bit my neck a bit and I moaned, oh yeah he was deadly, my lady bit was drooling already. Uh huh no time to get home first. He picked me up and ran towards the swimming pool locker rooms. He had me against the wall in 10 seconds flat. I giggled. He pulled his face away from my neck and looked at me.
“I see you have me pinned to the wall again Mr Dolton”
He groaned and kissed me as if his life depended on it. Clothes were on the floor and he was inside me with one swift move, it was so delicious, so thick and I swear I could feel the head of his dick hit the mouth of my womb. I wrapped my hands tighter around him and moaned,
“GOD you feel so good Angel”
Both of his hands were on my ass and I could feel my orgasm spilling over, I called out his name out and he started pumping faster and faster reaching his own orgasm with my name on his lips.
It took us a while to get our breathing under control and to get dressed. When we finally made it outside, Charli was waiting for Danny at his car. I looked at him and raised an eyebrow he shrugged his shoulders and put his hand around my waist. She stood up straight when she saw us coming; and scowled when she saw where his hand was. 
“I need to talk to you Danny “
He looked at her, clearly annoyed
“It will have to wait Charli my girlfriend and I have plans.”
Her eyes pleaded with him, she pouted her lips. Ok did he not see how this bitch was playing him? He turned to me
“Can you excuse us for a few minutes?”
Huh?
“Xcuse me, what?”
I wasn’t sure I heard him properly. He wanted me to leave him alone with his ex and he had the liver to voice that request. Men are stupid
“Are you serious? “ I asked again
“Yes Ava”.
Ava… Since when was I Ava to him? He has never Said Ava to me in the 20 years we have known each other and suddenly today, in front of his ex I am Ava. Wow
I looked at him wide eyed and saw the moment he registered his mistake, he cursed under his breath, and yeah I was not going to wait around for that apology. I started walking towards the car he grabbed a hold of my hand, I looked at Charli and she was smirking at me. I told Danny to let go of me he did I got to the car and called Justin. He arrived at the parking lot in two minutes; I was out of Danny’s car and into Justin’s in a second. When Danny saw me, jumping into Justin’s car, he jogged over to us and I told Justin to drive. We tore out of there as if our asses were on fire. Danny looked at us leave as if like he could not believe that I just left him, did he honestly think I was going to sit and wait for him to finish with his ex after our fuck session in the locker room. Yeah no; he already made me feel like a tramp in front of that skank once today I wasn’t going to sit around and wait for him to finally remember that he said he loved me so he shouldn’t be wanting to spend time with his ex for any reason. I turned my phone off in the process, Justin saw me do that and he was like
”serves him right, how dare he give that skank room to disrespect you.”
Right!!
I closed my eyes willing myself not to cry yeah Danny made his choice all right and it was not me.
”Wanna listen to some old school J-LO”
I smiled at Justin “old school J-LO is the best “
He turned on her baby I love you song and we were singing aloud I needed this. He dropped me off at home. Mom should be proposing to Steve today so I quickly packed an overnight bag and headed to Toya’s place. We were going to have a girl’s night.
When I got there she was already waiting for me outside, I ran into her hug and cried myself silly. When I was done, crying like a baby on the porch we went inside and she poured us wine and I told her everything, about my dad, my grandfather and Danny making me feel like a side dish today. When I was done, she was the one exploding and swearing all over the place, she cried some and hugged me more… I fell asleep sometime around seven and she let me sleep.






CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Danny’s pov
I watched Angel leave and I was already kicking my ass, things are just complicated with Charli. I do not want her back don’t be thinking that, she still needed my emotional support. How was I going to fix this mess? I’ll call her when I’m done here. I turned and walked back to Charli she was pouting what did I get myself into. 
“Did you forget Danny, we’re supposed to go and see our little angel today “
I flinched.
“Or is he not as precious as that bitch of yours?”
I could not get to hell quick enough. We got in my car and drove to the cemetery, we were there for three hours, it was after five when I finally drove Charli home. I needed to get to Angel I have been away from her for long enough. I got to her house and let myself in Steve and Lauren looked surprised to see me Lauren spoke first
“Hey sweetie, Ava didn’t tell you she had a sleep over?”
I smiled
“Oh she did I’m just here to get a few of my things that I left here last night.” 
They nodded and went on with their conversation. I went upstairs grabbed my jacket and left, I had a good idea where Angel went. I knocked on Toya’s door impatiently, she opened it abruptly looking pissed off
“What are you doing here?’
I looked at her like she just asked me a stupid question
“I’m here cause my woman is here Toya let’s not play games”
She made a sound in her throat
“And you’ve been with Charli all this time doing what?’
I fumed “that’s none of your business”
She nodded looking disappointed and it irked me 
“Where is Angel?”
She looked at me, a flash of anger blazed in her eyes
“I thought she was Ava now… you can’t see her she is exhausted and I will not let you wake her up, she has been through enough today. Now go away and give her space to breathe.”
She went to close the door but I wasn’t having it I pushed it open wide, went upstairs and it wasn’t hard to find Toya’s door it was painted like a rainbow. I opened the door and stopped short, there she was, my Angel she was huddled in the covers her brow furrowed even in sleep but she still looked so beautiful to me, my heart stood still, her eyes were red she was crying and I added to those tears. I do not want to be away from her; but just for tonight, I will let her have some space from me. Tomorrow I am fighting as hell to keep her. I closed the door and walked out of the house.


























CHAPTER NINETEEN
AVA’S POV
A week had passed since that horrible ordeal with Danny and Charli I was safely keeping my distance from both of them. Last week I sent James an email asking him about his schedule and he was more than willing to help Toya with her competition. We were in the dance hall, Toya taking our measurements and Justin choreographing our moves, Luke and I were just blissfully watching the going ons while we sat on the floor, Charli shows up looking satisfied with her I groaned and said to Luke 
“Please save me I’m really not in the mood for a scene.”
My head was pounding these headaches were really starting to get to me. Luke put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me to him 
“I got you Aves”
She walked up to us. Justin and Toya left what they were doing and came to stand behind me when they saw Charli. She looked at Toya
“I don’t understand how you could possibly think you could win anything with this bitch on your team; I hope you have enough material Toya
Toya smirked at her and said 
“Jealous that none of us wanted you modelling our designs Charli… you should be; nothing could ever make you look good.”
Stunned by that response, Charli said
“Anyway I came to tell this thing”
She pointed her finger at me
“To stay the hell away from my man, last week you interrupted our grieving time because you needed to be fucked”
My head snapped up at her 
“Grieving time “
I said
“What grieving time?”
She looked at me incredulous
“He didn’t even tell you… his so called best friend “
She held her stomach and laughed
“Oh gosh this is classic, Danny and I had a son”
I gasped with my hands on my mouth my friends were also shocked
“He would have been one that day , so we went to visit his grave, we do that once a month. Shows you where you stand with him right”
She laughed
“Yeah nowhere close to his heart, that’s just for me the mother of his child.”
I felt sick, I stood up and practically ran to the bathroom, Toya was close behind me she held my hair while I lost my shit in the toilet. I wasn’t even sure what hurt more that he had a baby and he kept it from me, or that he has been grieving the loss of his child and didn’t bother to let me in.
Toya and I walked back to the Dance hall, found Charli gone. Luke and Justin sandwiched me in a hug, I had the worst migraine, I think I could really use a nap. It’s funny how I felt, I was feeling sympathy for Charli too.







The weeks went by fast, twelve weeks had gone by and we were all so busy with Toya’s project. We practically lived and breathed it. I was so grateful it was Friday…I was so tired and I just wanted to sleep in a warm dark room. Luke burst my bubble and said, 
“Karaoke night tonight team and I’m not taking No for an answer Ava needs some cheering up.”
They all agreed, so it turns out I was going out tonight but I had a condition.
“Only if the karaoke can start after Danny’s game tonight “
Justin was like 
“You are too much of a good friend, my friend but we will all support that jack ass if that’s what you want alright.”
I smiled at them gratefully.
The stadium was full. Of course, it was, the Thunder Birds were the best, it was no wonder they were all going pro in the fall, I was excited for him, this has always been what he wanted. Toya got us tickets from mike and we were in the front, which I found to be a tad bit suspicious, but I was not going to bite a gift horse in the mouth. Our boys ran onto the field and the crowd went wild, showing their love and support, my heart stopped beating when I saw him I could not breathe. The captain of the team he waved to the crowd and then his eyes landed on mine. He was telling me with his eyes how happy he was that I was there, he blew me a kiss and I looked away. Twelve very long weeks without him and he just blows me a kiss, Luke put his arm around me. The game started after a few minutes later and it was intense, we were all on the edge of our seats… and our boys brought it home for us. The crowd was going wild. We left before the players got off the field I did not want Danny attempting to talk to me. I am disappointed but I still loved him, I just didn’t want to talk to him yet.






















CHAPTER TWENTY
Danny’s pov
THIRTEEN weeks and I felt like I was losing my shit. I was going through an Angel withdrawal, she was my drug and I needed her. Why the hell was she avoiding me, she couldn’t possibly still be mad about the Charli thing, wait did she think I would have chosen Charli over her argh that’s exactly what I did, no wonder she was pissed. Mike walked and pulled me from my thoughts
“Yo captain, snap out of it your girl is coming to the game tonight”
I jumped off my seat
“Angel will be there”
I asked him excitedly 
“How, when”
He cleared his throat and said 
“Toya asked me for tickets” 
that was disappointing but I’ll take it she was going to be there and that is what matters I was amped up and ready for the game now I still had my Angel’s support, she is still mine.
I could not wait to get on the field, just so I could look up and see her, and that was exactly what I did…
She was so beautiful, clapping and jumping up and down on her seat, my chest tightened; the girl I loved the most. I cannot lose Angel she makes everything in my life beautiful and I want to be the one that makes everything beautiful for her. I looked at her and let my eyes do the talking; my eyes told her how much I love her and how happy I was that she came, I blew her kiss and She looked away from me; but I was not going to let her go so easily. 
The game was a hit and the fans were going wild, we won it for them. Mike told me about joining Toya at the karaoke bar so I went with him.
When we walked in to the bar, I spotted Luke first and I flexed my fists involuntarily if he thought I was letting go of Angel he had better think again. Justin was on the stage doing his rendition of Britney spear’s toxic song. Angel and Toya were cheering him on and laughing. I needed to talk to my girl.
I walked up to their table with Mike; Toya gave him an irritated look
“I did not tell you to meet us here, just so you could bring him along”.
Mike looked sheepish so I just walked up to Angel and whispered in her ear
“Can we talk please Angel…”
I looked in to her eyes and she looked hesitant 
That hurt, it hurt a lot
“Please, babe”
She nodded and we walked out to the parking lot.
“Angel, I’m sorry I was not choosing her over you. There’s nobody but you for me it’s just that she needed my support I couldn’t…”
“You couldn’t turn your back on the mother of your child for a skank you’re sleeping with for the moment right.”
What … I really messed up if she thought she meant nothing to me …wait she knows about Dylan! That shut me up. I could see the hurt and anger on her face
“When you asked me to give you a few minutes alone with her”
She sniffled and whispered
”right after what we just did …that made me feel like a tramp, like I was the side chick worse I felt used by you of all the people in the world…I was furious”
She yelled
“But then I found out why you chose her a few minutes after you were inside of me, lying about how much you loved me, and I wasn’t angry anymore Danny I just felt stupid and disappointed in you…”
She sighed
”Were you ever going to tell me about him?”
I hated the accusation in her voice I’m the one who lost a baby not her
“It did not concern you, and I would appreciate it if you minded your own GOD damned business.”
She nodded and with tears in her eyes
“I would have loved to hear about him from you. I would have loved to hold you while you mourned him and I would have been right there crying with you. You called me your best friend; turns out there was nothing best about It.”
She wiped her tears away and said
“I just became your girlfriend, but I have always, always been your friend.”
She looked at me, cleared her throat
“Consider both relationships over. “
She turned and ran away from me.
Luke came out and punched me in the face, I would have hit him back, and his words stopped me cold
“Emailed you a video watch it.”
I was stunned he even hit like a girl. I took my phone out of my pocket and watched the video, what the hell? Charli did all of this… she took my angel from me; well at least I know she was part of the reason Angel left me, she mainly left me because I hurt her in the worst possible way, but Charli had a hand in it. I cannot, lose her too, I messed up…
I went back inside; ready to grovel I was wrong, so wrong. She was nowhere in sight. Justin saw me frantically looking around for her. He sighed and came over to me 
“Luke took her home “
I was about to say something and he shushed me
“And before you have a bitch fit remember this, Ava is only comfortable with Luke because he is gay, he won’t start shit. So you better start acting like you have some sense around my man he is keeping her safe for you. Mxim oh and another thing you are a real jerk for giving Charli ammunition to attack Ava like that. You can’t have them both and if you haven’t made a choice already leave Aves alone.”
He walked away with that. I shook my head and left the club.















CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
Ava’s Pov
When we were five, Steve built Danny and me a tree house, we used to love coming here so much I can’t remember how many times our parents had to carry us down to our rooms. As time went by and we grew up Steve turned our tee house into an apartment, it had a mini kitchen, a bathroom, a double bed, a couch and a full entertainment centre and it’s so secure , he even put in a maxi door for security. I remember laughing when he installed it and now with the entire goings on with my Dad I am glad Steve thought about security.
I poured myself some water and took it out to the branches where I could see the street lights I sat down on a branch and willed my headache to go away, I had so much to deal with I did not need a headache slowing me down. I guess I was so deep in thought that I did not hear Danny come in, he sat next to me with his water and he sighed. We were quiet and it was awkward I hated it. So I broke the silence 
“After I found out the real deal about my father and his wife, I had a moment of weakness. I had decided that I did not want to burden you with all that crap, I did not want you worrying about me when you should be focused on playing ball especially since you got signed to play PRO next year.”
 He made a protesting sound in his throat, but he knew I was not finished so he stayed quite. 
“I came home and saw you standing in the kitchen, so haggard and worried about me and I couldn’t do it, I couldn’t leave you in the dark, I couldn’t shut you out actually no I refused to shut you out.”
I sighed and just looked at the lights. He cleared his throat and said 
“I found out Charli was pregnant a month after we broke up, we did not get back together or anything like that but I told her I would be there for my kid. To be totally honest Angel I wasn’t even sure that he was mine, I left her because she cheated and I wasn’t even mad babe, I was only with her anyways because I thought I would never have you.”
He ran his hand through his hair and my fingers itched to be there. 
“After the first appointment, I fell in love, something about hearing his heart beat did me in, it wasn’t the ideal situation but he was mine.
Charli started acting doggie and shit not letting me go with her to the appointments anymore and when she gave birth I wasn’t even there I just got a text from her telling me that Dylan was a still born.”
He continues
“I rushed to the hospital and they wouldn’t let me see him and Charli had him cremated she didn’t even wait for me to make that decision”
I tensed up with rage 
“And that’s the person you want to give your support to, a woman who did not even let you meet the son she knew you loved so much?”
Something was really bugging me about all this. He shrugged and I could see the pain on his face.
“You would have made a great dad Danny, you were going to be so wonderful to Dylan and he was just going to be the cutest thing in the world.”
He looked at me and he looked resigned 
“I can’t lose you too Angel.”
My heart broke a little what could I say I was hurt, he did not trust me with something so life changing, I just couldn’t deal with that right now.
The next morning I went down to make myself coffee and I found Steve in the kitchen he comes around to hug me 
“How are you doing kiddo”
I hug him back and say 
“I’m taking it one day at a time. “
I gave him a devilish smile
“Are you engaged yet?”
OMG he actually blushes what the fudge he kisses my forehead and says “yes” I hug him back tighter just to congratulate him. Then I think about Danny, oh yes Charli’s story was full of holes and I need Steve’s help to bring Danny peace.
“I need your help with something.” 
He looked at me and took a seat and listens as I tell him everything Danny told me
“I might be wrong but, something doesn’t feel right Dad.”
He almost tears up 
“if you start crying Steve Oh My God I swear I will never call you Dad again”
he blinks his tears away and smiles at me, it was long overdue, he deserved to hear me call him that and from now onwards that is all I will call him. He promises to check into the Danny thing, I hug him Thank you and take my coffee up with me need to get ready for school.
I am surprisingly having a good at school today, but really, I can’t wait for graduation, to hold my degree in my hand and be proud of my achievement. Two more months. i haven’t seen Danny yet today and I miss him like crazy. Relationships are hard work I think we have both learned that now, I sent him. A text
Ava: Are you practising today?
Danny: Nope.
Ava: wanna do lunch?
Danny: kissing involved in this lunch.
Ava: How about you join me and find out…
Danny: I am so there.
I smiled to myself and walked the rest of the way to class with a goofy smile on my face.
Steve calls me while I am in class and asks me to meet him. That was quick; I really hope it is nothing bad I do not want Danny hurt more than he already was. I get outside and when Steve sees me, he gets out of his car. He was not smiling and that made me worry 
“Is everything alright” 
He sighs and tells me to get in the car, he needs me to go with him.my stomach was tied up in knots, please GOD no more bad news please. We stopped at this beautiful house about two hours away from school I looked at Steve confused and he said 
“Dylan didn’t die”
I gaped at him 
“WHAT…?” 
He looked at the house, than back at me and said,
“The day Charli gave birth; there was another lady at the maternity ward who had given birth to a still born.”
 I was reeling 
“did this lady steal Danny’s son?”
Steve looked at me and said, “No sweetheart, firstly Danny was not the father and secondly Charli sold the baby.”
Oh, my GOD poor Danny, all this time, that evil witch made him suffer so she could what…have an ugly hold on him. She will pay for this crap 
“Do you want to see him?”
I shook my head no, if I do see him it will be with Danny. I was so furious I could kill a bitch. Steve dropped me off at school; I kissed him on the cheek and said
“Thank you Daddy, this will mean so much to him.”
He smiled sadly and said 
“Anything for you Ava, and tell Danny whatever he needs we’ve got his back.”
I smiled at him and got out of the car. I was so pissed off , I did not realise it was Lunch time when we got back, I saw Charli in the hallway and I snapped, I attacked that bitch with a vengeance, within a flash I was on top of her punching the crap out of her face screaming
“How dare you?
I screamed louder
“How dare you do that to him, you crazy bitch?”
She tried kicking me off her, but my self-defence classes were not for nothing. I was punching so hard, I heard her nose break and that was not enough, I wanted to kill her. Within moments, strong hands were around me and I was lifted of that bitch, I struggled telling him to let me go so I could kill a bitch. Toya was in my line of vision, I called out to her
“Toya kick her ass.”
She did not even hesitate she took over. I struggled even more in my captor’s arms screaming at him to let me go, He turned me around and silenced my shouting the only way he knew how… 















CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
DANNY’S POV
I was so excited to see Angel. I was hoping this lunch was going to be the first step for us to build our relationship, I was ready to fight for us, now that I knew what it was like to have her, to be with her, to love her, I will not lose her. When I got into the hallway to wait for her, the commotion in the hallway had me stopping cold, what was going on? As I got closer, I heard Angel screaming and shouting. what… when I got close enough to see what was going on, I saw Angel on top of Charli beating the crap out of her. I could feel the rage radiating off her. I moved in put my hands around her and lifted her off Charli. She kept struggling wanting me to let her go. She called out for Toya to finish the job, I thought Toya would try to talk some sense into Angel but no that chick was just as crazy as my girl, she was on Charli in a flash screaming
“How dare you upset my friend, I’ll kill you for her Charli “
Punch, punch I called Brad to go grab Toya and he was there and had her in his arms in a flash Toya continued screaming
“You better leave town bitch as soon as Ava and I get these apes off us we are coming back for you “
Brad took Toya away. Angel was still kicking around trying to get free from me but I was not having it, I turned her around and silenced her cries with my mouth, I kissed her giving her all of me showing her that she was the one for me, the only one I have ever loved. She melted in my arms and I knew she was calming down. Charli was still on the floor crying,
“Danny you going to let her do this to me “
I felt Angel tense up against me; it was time to choose Angel… I picked Angel up, and started walking away Charli out
“What about him, what would he have thought about you turning your back on me?”
She stabbed at my heart with her words and it hurt me that moment of weakness gave Angel the freedom she wanted out of my arms and she was on Charli again, except she did not hit her. She stood over Charli and said.
“Whatever game you were playing, whatever you were trying to achieve with your manipulation, drop it or I swear Charli not Even GOD will save you from my wrath“
Charli looked up at me with pleading eyes and Angel continued to say 
“Danny has always been mine, and I would kill for those I love remember that.”
She turned and started walking away, when I put my hands around her she relaxed,
“I will always choose you angel.”
She leaned into me letting her exhaustion sink into her, I picked her up and took her to my car, she fell asleep instantly. I took her keys and gave them to one of her bodyguards that she did not know existed. She woke up when I walked into the house, I headed straight for her bathroom so I could clean her up, I did not like seeing blood on her hands, as soon as we cleaned her up we went to her bed and sat on it and I waited for her to explain. She got off the bed so quickly and ran back to the bathroom, when I got in there she was on the floor throwing up. I knelt beside her, held her hair, and rubbed her back. When she was done, I gave her, her toothbrush with Colgate on it and waited for her to finish brushing her teeth. When she was done, she got into bed and looked at me apologetically; I had a feeling I was not going to like what came out of her mouth…






















CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
ANGEL’S POV
“I’m sorry”
He shook his head at me and said
“I don’t understand” 
I looked at my hands, than looked back up at him again and said 
“I did something behind your back, it’s about Dylan”,
 It was so hard to just come out and say.
“Angel, what’s going on?”
I sighed and said
“I hope that you won’t hate me for what I did, it’s just that there were a lot of missing pieces in your story about Dylan, it did not feel right lover, so I snooped” 
He still looked confused so I continued to say 
“Firstly, I will not apologise for fucking that tramp up, as far as I’m concerned she did not get nearly as much as she deserved for what she did to you and Dylan”
He held my hand said,
“Angel Dylan was still born that was not Charli’s fault.
”I shushed him and said, 
“Please let me tell you everything ok don’t disrupt me until I’m done and if you walk out I’ll understand. Because you did say it was none of my business anyway” he flinched but he nodded in agreement anyway, so without further ado I began. 
“I asked Steve to look into the night that Dylan was born, find out what really happened, because basically, she just called you, told you he was dead and she burned him, why? She could have at least waited for you to see him first right? Anyway we just wanted to find out if it was all natural causes… it wasn’t” 
He stiffened but did not say anything. 
“Dylan is ok Danny”, his eyes widened 
“I want to see him Angel, where is he, I want to see my son”
My heart broke for him; he looked at me and said what’s wrong? I cleared my throat and said
“You are not his dad; Charli knew that, that’s why she sold him.” He looked so angry as if he could kill something, he was practically vibrating. I jumped of the bed and rushed to hug him 
“I’m so sorry lover”
I squeezed him tight,” You threw yourself in harm’s way for me Angel,”
I sniffled and said
“She had no right… she hurt you and your memory of Dylan, I was just so mad, I could only see red.”
He kissed the top of my head 
“No Angel you had no right, this was my fight, she didn’t kill the memory of Dylan… you did”
He got up and left. My head was still pounding and I was still nauseous, I lay back in bed and tried not to think about how much it hurt to watch him walk out. I just cannot believe we were back to this again, back to him closing up, back to him shutting me out of his life. I rolled over trying my hardest not to cry. I miss him. I miss sleeping in his arms. I miss laughing and goofing around with him. I just miss him.
I was just about to fall asleep when I got a text from James.
James: Ava you home
Ava: yep 
James: good I am coming over.
Ava: Wait are you home. Yay I am coming down to open the door for you.
I opened the door and there was James in the flash, I jumped into his arms and he hugged me back tight, it was so good to see him again after so long. He pulled me back and said 
“God look how beautiful you are”
I blushed than he said
“Are you and my brother still pretending to be just friends”
My smiled faded and I shook my head, he put his arm around me and said 
“Let’s take a walk, get some ice cream and talk about it.”
I smiled and nodded. Grabbing my house keys and we went out. Turns out, I needed the walk and I needed to vent, I told James everything that has been happening with my biological father and about how I got into a fight with Charli for 
Manipulating Danny, and how that went straight to hell, because he did not appreciate me butting into his business. James was laughing so hard when we were talking about the fight; he actually choked on his ice cream a few times. When we got home, I looked next door hoping to catch a glimpse of Danny, he was confusing the hell out of me but I still wanted to see him. When I di though my heart stoppe; because there was the love of my life in a tight embrace with a bruised Charli. Who was crying earnestly on his chest and he was soothing her. what in the actual fuck was happening?
My stomach twistedand I rushed to loose my ice cream in the flowers. James rushed to my side held my hair up and rubbed my back to calm down my upset stomach.
“Ava, you alright”
I stood up straight and tried to speak but I doubled over in pain 
“Shit… hang on Ava”
He picked me up and placed me in his car, I was in so much pain my brow was sweating , my teeth were chattering, I was dizzy and the nausea wouldn’t go away.
“Hang on Ava I’m going to get you to a doctor.”
Danny ran over to the car after he saw James carry me into it. I grabbed James arm and whispered
“Please… I don’t want him anywhere near me.”
James nodded closed my door and stopped Danny from approaching. Danny was fighting him off. I doubled over in pain again and I must have screamed because both Danny and James came running to my side of the door. I was so scared, what was happening to me. James opened the door
“Ava-“
I cut him off and said 
“Please take me to the hospital”
Danny pushed James out of the way
“Angel, baby what’s wrong?”
He was holding my face up pulling me into his arms and I could smell that girl on him. I pushed him away from me
“You smell like her, stay away from me Danny”
He held my hand
“Angel no plea-“
James pulled him away 
“Danny she is in pain, let me take her to the hospital for you bro, I’ll keep you posted “
and closed the door. He jumped in quickly and we drove to the hospital.
James ran into the hospital and came back with a nurse and two people pushing a bed. The nurse asked how I was feeling and if I was ok enough to move, I nodded and she helped me on to the stretcher. They wheeled me into an exam room and the nurse asked me some questions, like where the pain was, when it started and if I had it before. She took my blood for testing.
The doctor came in after two hours, with my test results. James was next to me in a second. 
“Doctor please give her something for pain.”
The doctor looked at James and asked, 
“Are you family?”
I could see the doctor wanted to kick James out, but I did not want to be alone in case I was getting any more bad news. So I spoke up 
“Yes doctor he is my brother.”
 He nodded and opened his chart 
“Ms Evans, do you know that you’re pregnant?’
HUH… 
My face must have showed my shock, 
“How, doctor I’m on the injection, have been for years.”
 “Have you been under some stress lately?”
I thought about the business with my dad, everything going on with Danny and all the times he came inside of me, cause I thought we were safe, then I thought, of all the pain I was in earlier and I paled, because I remember bleeding I looked up at the doctor and asked
 “Is my baby alright?”
 I started panicking 
“Oh GOD please no… Doc did I lose my baby?”
 I was getting hysterical. The doctor took my hand in his and tried to soothe me, and James had his arms around me. 
“Ms Evans, your blood pressure is very high, and that is a risk for any foetus, we haven’t seen any signs of foetal distress as yet but the blood remains a concern. I am going to give you an ultra sound, so we can see what’s going on in there.”
 I nodded praying to GOD to keep my baby safe. The nurse came in wheeling a small-screened machine and a paper gown for me to wear. I was still in some pain so it took me a while to change. When I came back, the nurse helped me lay back down and helped me to put my feet up so the doctor could insert the camera that will help us see. As soon as the camera was inside, the doctor moved it around a bit and then we heard it…the heartbeats. It was so beautiful and so strong. The doctor continued to examine and moved the camera around and then he looked up at me, I got worried, he smiled and said,
“Everything looks perfectly fine Ms Evans, we just need to monitor your blood pressure and check your urine for protein in the next 24 hours and then take it from there, before your body starts to reject the pregnancy. Judging by that examination I would say that you are thirteen weeks pregnant.”
He wrote a few things down in his pad; along with a prescription form for me,
“I am going to give you some aspirin for the pain, and something to help you sleep tonight. I would like to keep you overnight, for observation.”
I agreed of course anything to keep my babies safe. I was so exhausted leaned in to James while I waited for my meds. 
“Thank you Ava.”
I turned my face and looked at him 
He sighed and said, 
“For saving my brother, your being pregnant is going to help him move on.”
 I shook my head and said, 
“Your brother does not want to be saved, he loves the misery of his situation and now, in light of what I just found out I am choosing to walk away from the drama. I am walking away from him”
He looked at me “Ava are you saying you are not going to tell Danny you’re pregnant?”
I groaned, “It’s not all good news Jay, there is a high possibility that I might lose pickles because of my blood pressure, can I please get through that scare first? I will not hide this from him, can I just be ready to talk about it first.”
He rubbed my back and apologised 
“I am sorry Ava.”
My mom and Steve walked into the room and my mom ran up to my bed and hugged me. Steve followed suite and James sneaked out of the room. As soon as my mum’s arms were around me, a dam broke and I just cried everything out. Steve came closer, put his arms around us, and just kept us safe.
“Mummy, daddy I really need your help.”
Steve held my hand and wiped my tears away 
“Are you in trouble Ava?”
I shook my head and said, 
“No, daddy, I’m … I-----I’m pregnant. Doctor says that I have been too stressed out, that my blood pressure is too high and that may make me lo- lose the baby.”
My mom put her hand to her mouth crying and Steve held me in his arms. 
“Well then, in that case the first thing we need to do is stop this crying, this can’t be any good for our grandbaby’
She smiled and looked at Steve he was smiling right back so I cleared my throat and said “Daddy I am going to need protection now, it’s not just me anymore and I want pickle safe at all times.”
 Steve looked at me with his I mean business face
“I will never let anything happen to you Ava, never again, and I promise you no harm will come to pickle.”
I let out a deep breath. Ok than that is one thing down. I laid back into my pillow then my mom said, 
“So does Danny know?”
I felt my heart break all over again seeing him in that tight embrace with Charli, my head started to pound again and I flinched. Steve called the nurse in and she went to get the doctor. He examined me again and decided that I will be sedated for the night, just to help my body heal and he set up a pre natal appointment for me the next day, now there was no time for me to even absorb this whole situation. I had to tell Danny now. Mom was staying with me for the night and Steve had his men guarding the doors while he went to get mom some coffee. Now to figure out how to tell Danny about pckl. Will he be happy? Will he want to be in their lives? On the other hand, did he just want to have a baby with Charli…? I yawned and drifted of too the sweet nothingness that was calling out to me… Darkness
The next morning I woke up to Rihanna’s love on the brain song. I looked for the source of where the music was coming from and smiled when I found it. Somehow, Steve and my mom made sure the i-pod found its way to me. I sat up carefully, and was so relieved that I was not in any pain, but my head was still aching like a bitch. My mom was asleep on the chair next to the window and I just assumed that Steve went to fetch her some fresh clothes or something, because I knew they were not going to leave me here alone. Mom stirred and looked at the bed, saw that I was awake and came over to me. She asked me how I was feeling , but before I could answer the doctor came in to check on me and remind me of my appointment that afternoon, he said he would update the gynea of my condition so she knew what she was dealing with and the best treatment for me so that I could have a safe pregnancy , that resulted in me and pckl being alive and healthy.
“So are you ready to go home sweetie?”
I groaned
“Yes. Hey mom thanks for staying.”
She smiled “anytime baby. “So we got ready to head on home, I signed my discharge forms and we left. When we got home, I went straight to the shower and stayed there for an hour. When I was done I put on my yoga pants and one of Steve’s sweaters, put my slippers on and texted Danny to come over. I went downstairs and made some tea, while I waited for him to show up. He knocked, than let himself in. he found me sitting on one of the chairs; I could not bring myself to look at him so I sipped my tea. He ran over to me and held me in his arms, I resisted the urge to hug him back, he made his choice and again it was not me. 
“Are you ok Angel?”
 I pushed out of his arms and stood up. Finally lifting my head i looked at him, memorising every facial detail, the contour of his body, his hair everything, I loved him so much and I missed him like hell but he hurt me.
“We need to talk..” 
He came closer to me
 “Angel listen what you saw yesterday was not what it looked like I swear –“
I raised my hand just so I could stop him from talking. 
“You don’t need to explain, I said I would understand if you walked out, and you did so let’s move on from that. You chose her and that is good for you. Now for the matter at hand…”
“I did not choose her Angel I -”
I sighed and said “I’m pregnant, and stressed out, I don’t care what you do with Charli anymore.”
His jaw dropped 
“Pregnant…”
I nodded, I wanted to run into his arms, hear him tell me that it would all be ok and that he would be there. I started cramping again; he came up to me and helped me sit down. 
“Thank you,”
I said. He still had his arms around me
 “How can I help Angel, Anything you need baby I am here always?”
I wanted to cry, I refuse to have a relationship with him and Charli. I shook my head and said, 
“You don’t need to do anything; I just wanted to let you know what was happening.”’ 
He moved to help me but I stopped him 
“It’s ok I can make it upstairs, oh and I have an appointment this afternoon at the foetal assessment clinic. It is at two o clock, you are welcome to come with me.”
He was about to say something when Toya burst in the door and ran straight towards me 
“Ava, I came as soon as your mum called. Are you ok?”
I was at my breaking point and she saw that
 “Yes, I just need a nap.”
I stood up
“Ok my friend, I’ll go up with you and I’ll help you nap.”
She turned and looked at Danny
“You’ll have to excuse us.” He looked at me, he looked like he had a lot to say to me, but I just turned around and started walking upstairs 
“Toya please lock the door on your way up”






















CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR
DANNY’S POV
I messed up. I do not even know why I walked out on Angel. When she told me what she found out about Dylan, I was relieved and then I felt guilty about feeling relieved and I took it out on her. Now she is having my baby…and we cannot even celebrate because of my fucked up sense of responsibility to Charli. A woman who would do anything to get her way. How do I fix this mess? I want to be with Angel, I want to help her out with our pregnancy. I want to be the one rubbing her feet, napping with her and making sure, she gets everything she craves, I want to be there when she gets moody, and especially when she gets horny. I love her. I loved our baby already. They are my family and I will be there. I will not let Angel push me away, I know she loves me and I am so ready to grovel.
After about hour Toya came downstairs and groaned when she saw me. 
“How is she?”
She shook her head and said 
“Exhausted, hurt and worst of all miserable at a time she should be at her happiest, knowing that she is carrying your baby.”
She sighed and continued to say 
“I don’t know what you and Charli had going on in the past, and it is none of my business but Ava is here and she loves you that should be enough.”
I looked straight at her and said, 
“I love Ava Toya, more than life itself, she is my world and I know that I have fucked up but it was not to hurt her, she is my life.” 
She had tears in her eyes and I went up to hug her 
“Then you go in that room and you convince her that she is your woman.”
I practically ran up the stairs and barged into Angel’s room, she had her back turned towards the door and had her headphones on. I climbed on the bed, wrapped my arm around her waist and pulled her to me. She struggled against me but I was not having it. I held her tighter against my chest, put my mouth on her neck, and bit her a little. She stopped struggling and shivered against me. I smiled to myself…her body still wanted me. “Angel” she shook her no. she did not want to listen to anything I had to say. I had to push on she needed to know that I loved her, that my heart beats only for her. “The reason I walked out of your room that afternoon was because I felt guilty.”
She looked up at me 
“I was so relieved, that Dylan was not mine, that there was nothing tying me to Charli and I felt guilty about that. I mourned Dylan, he was my son and I loved him. Being free of that Angel gave me an overwhelming sense of relief and I was ashamed, I thought I was discarding Dylan.”
 “You can’t discard what you never had, but I understand where you are coming from.
She still looked pissed
“how can I fix it Angel?” 
she sighed
 “Do you know what you did wrong?”
We looked at each other for a moment, I saw the hurt in her eyes, and in that moment I knew why she was still angry. 
“I’m sorry, she was coming clean about Dylan and I could not get mad. I just hugged her so I could be done with it. I promise I will never touch her again."
She shook her head at me. 
“I don’t think you understand Danny, Charli is a hard limit for me and somehow you just keep going back to her for one reason or another. You have to leave now, please. If I am going to keep my kids alive, I’ll need to rest, now leave so I can do that.”
There was no way in hell I was leaving her again.
“Then, we will both rest.”
She turned her back to me and hugged her pillow. I smiled to myself; she was definitely pissed at me. I still pulled her to me and let her sleep. Decisions needed to be made when she woke up; it was my fault our relationship was in the mess it was in. Having a family with Ava was always my goal. It came sooner that I had planned but I was still overjoyed. She has been my dream girl forever and now she was having my kids, a part of me was inside of her and damn if that was not a major turn on.The first thing I needed to do to keep my family sane and happy was to cut all ties with Charl, why was she still in my life she lied about my child and then sod him. Why did I care about her feelings, I needed to stop hurting Angel. It makes me an ass but when I found out that Charlie was Pregnant, I could have kicked my own ass. How could I have let that happen, when the only woman I wanted to have a life with was Angel. I was disappointed in myself, the moment I heard his heart beat though, I fell in love, I wanted him regardless of who his mother was. His death was like a noose around my neck and I was relieved Angel helped me take of that noose. It was slowly choking me to death. Seing Angel in my brother’s arms last night really screwed with my mind, seeing James be the one who took care of her ripped me apart. I would never make her cry or let her be in pain alone ever again. I moved closer to her and kissed her neck. She sighed, I moved my hands to her still flat stomach and smiled as I slowly fell asleep…


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
EPILOUGE
Two weeks after the doctor’s appointment, I asked Steve if we could look for my father’s wife. I don’t want anything to happen to the Twins and her threatening me was just adding to the stress .We found her, she was living in a broken down trailer park in an old caravan that had holes in it. I was shocked to see the state that she was living in, I wanted to help her granted she did nothing for me in my whole entire life and I did not need to feel any sympathy for her because she and my father had tried to kill me but I was willing to forgive for the safety of myself and the Twins. We knocked at the door and she opened for us she was a mess and she was angry when she saw me, what are you doing here? she said I didn’t come here to fight with you lady I don’t even know what your name is. I don’t know why you have a problem with me but I am here to settle with you, go to rehab clean yourself up and I promise to take care of you for the rest of your life.
Who the hell do you think you are she asked me, that money that you received was supposed to be mine I am the one that was married to your father I deserve that inheritance. I’m sorry you feel that way my father was disowned after he tried to kill me that was maybe before you and he got married and my Gran father felt that his granddaughter deserved to receive his estate. I’m here offering you an olive branch it’s up to you whether you’re going to take it or leave it but I’ll tell you this, if you send me another threatening note after this olive branch I will make sure that I kill you and nobody in this whole world will be able to find your body. She looked at me and shivered she was scared Her face looked like she didn’t believe my Bluff but when she looked at Steve she kept quiet because his face looked really mean he looked like somebody that could kill you and have fun doing it. I’ll go to rehab she said but you better keep your promise about taking care of me. You will receive a lump sum as soon as you leave rehab if you squander that money you will have nowhere else to turn so go get clean and live your best new life. We left the trailer park and went home, my mom was worried as soon as she saw us she came rushing to hug me are you OK did everything go well?  Steve started laughing, our daughter was boss she handled that bitch like a pro there was one thing that got off my plate. As soon as I was done with that situation life resumed to normal, everything was quiet and calm. We were able to finish off our final year in school without a hitch the kids are behaving in my stomach uh no morning sickness I wasn’t feeling sick all the time. Danny was… uh we still needed to decide where the relationship was going if there was one. He made it to the pro and I was proud of him that had been his dream ever since we were kids. He still saw me every day before he had to leave for training camp, and I was breaking his heart by not letting him back in to my life. I just needed more time, being burned by him hurts like a bitch and I didn’t want anything happening to the kids. We could talk after they were born.

*********
