HOLD ONTO ME 
The Candle Light Series #2 
By 
Christina OW 
 
  
 
 
 
Love Rekindled
Copyright Christina OW May 2015
Published by Christina OW 
Cover Art by Ermisenda Alvarez 
All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book. 
  
Acknowledgement
To Genevieve Migala. Thank you for all your help with this novel.  
*Please read Broken Reality: Love Reaffirmed first. 
 
 
 
 Dedication
To all who have loved and lost, but never forget. 
  
I need...
They say true love comes to those who believe, I believed.
They say love is empty without trust, I trusted.
I believed, I trusted and yet... I hurt.
I need... I need...
I’m getting off this road, but I’m holding onto my true love.
My candle light in the dark...
I feel lighter, I feel happy... I feel love!
Finally! A truthful smile on my lips!
A warm glow in my chest,
My heart, a happy trotting horse.
But suddenly, too suddenly... everything went dark.
I can’t see! Where’s my candle, where’s my light?
The pain! Oh God, it’s too much pain!
I trusted, I believed and yet... I hurt a hundred times more!
Please! I need... I need...!
I feel the warmth around me... the painful weight is lifting...
My heart, no longer bathed in larva, no longer fighting to live,
I can breathe… I feel peace in this loving warmth.
‘Hold on to me, believe in me, trust me... I’ll provide your need.’
~Christina OW 
 
  
Chapter One
“How much longer do you think she’ll be like this?”
“I don’t know. It took me almost a year to get over Kristy’s death. But she was my wife... a child? There is no telling how long she’ll grieve for him.” 
I fell out of my sitting position onto my side on the couch, dragging the cushion over my exposed ear to muffle their voices. Will they ever stop hovering and whispering around me? They were like buzzing annoying flies circling my head. I’m sick of it already! Why won’t they leave me alone already, it’s not like I haven’t asked them to a million times!
“I understand what she’s going through—”
I didn’t hear the rest of his statement but that part irked me. Morris understood what I was going through? That’s a laugh! The man ran from anything that could tie him down. He ran like the hounds of hell were nipping at his heels from girls who thought they could change him into husband material and those who thought they could get a ring on their finger faster if he knocked them up. Why girls even chased after his selfish black ass was a mystery to me.
Everything inside me screamed for me to stand up and tell William and Morris exactly how they didn’t understand my pain. Tell them they’ve never lost a child and wouldn’t begin to fathom what that kind of pain did to a mother. It was me who would never get to feel my child again. I carried him inside me for nine months, fought to bring him into this world. I’m the one who cared for him from the moment he took his first breath. Cleaned him up when he got messy, held him against my chest and rocked him to sleep when he was restless. I was the one he called out to when he was scared or hurt. I cleaned his bruises kissed his booboos and picked him up when he fell so that he could try again when he started taking his first steps. And when he rode his first tricycle, I was the one who followed behind him with my heart in my throat and my arms held out ready to catch him even though it was practically impossible to fall over in a three wheeled bike that was a foot off the ground.  I was the one who had a piece of myself ripped away from me cruelly so if I want to take a year or ten to get over it, I’ll damn well do exactly that!
Yes, that’s just some of what I wanted to say to them, to those who ‘understood my pain’ but the moment I tried to push of the couch to do just that, I would remember my baby was dead and it all felt insignificant. What was the use anyway, what would it matter? Little Eric would still be dead.
“Aunty Sandra?”
I groaned, pressing the cushion tighter to my head. Maybe if I just ignored her she’ll go away. But no, she was as determined as her mother used to be—in life and death. She tagged on the cushion and the tighter I held on the harder she pulled.
“Aunty Sandra!”
I let the cushion go and sat up, “What!”
Kristy stumbled back with the cushion in her hands. She took the two steps back towards me and placed it beside me on the couch, and then she turned to me with a smile. This little girl could disarm a monster with one of her smiles. From the moment she was born, her smiles warmed me all over. The best remedy at the end of a bad day. She had this joy that just came off her in waves, completely infectious. She was so like her mother in that way… my baby sister. But now, all it did was annoy me and remind me of what I lost. It just wasn’t fair!
“Mommy says she’ll take care of little Eric for you.” She beamed up at me.
Did I hear that right? “Excuse me?”
She nodded vigorously, her smile widening another mile, “She says not to worry. That everything will be alright and she’ll always be with you to take care of you… like she does daddy and me.”
“Take care of me?” Was this a joke? “Kristy my perfect little sister, now the perfect ghost wants to take care of me?”
Little Kristy’s smile shrunk and she looked behind me—probably at her father or her ghost of a mother.
I pointed behind, “Is she back there? Is Casper’s new best friend standing behind me?”
She shook her head, her smile completely shrunk.
I nodded, “Tell your mother, I don’t need her.”
“Sandra!” William reproached, rounding the couch to crouch down next to his daughter. 
“What? Now she offers her help, to take care of me?” I laughed bitterly at the silliness of it all, “Where was she when my son was dying? Where was she when my son’s lungs filled up with fluid, drowning him from the inside in his own blood? Why didn’t she help then when I begged her to? When I cried for days for her to intervene on Eric’s behalf with God?” I grabbed her arms and drew her to me, “It’s because of me you are here, I made sure her daughter exists and how does she repay me? By letting my son die!” I yelled.
I felt my hands get pried open, releasing a crying Kristy into her father’s arms. I was then pulled off the couch and held caged against a hard body. I didn’t have to turn around to know who it was. His scent, the feel of his skin against mine, I knew them all as if they were my own. I hated it. I hated him. More so because even now as I mourned my son I yearned for him with a profound need. Over eight years and the craving for him just grew in magnitude. Not even my husband could stop or slow down this growing tumor in my heart that was Ronald Stanford.
“That’s enough Sandra!” he said harshly into my ear. “You and I are leaving—”
“No!” I yelled cutting him off as I struggled to get out of the bands of muscles around my waist and shoulders. But it only made him tighten his grip.
“Yes!” he hissed, “You can hate me for Eric as much and as long as you want but you are not going to slowly kill yourself as we watch.”
I shrugged, “Then close your eyes. Or better yet, leave and never come back.”
He was silent for a moment before he said, “Love, you know I can’t do that.” 
I cringed away from the emotion in his voice. The pain and longing in it weakened me, eased my hate and I couldn’t let that happen!
I fought earnestly now, “Let me go! You think I don’t know what you really want? You think you can take advantage of me now that I’m vulnerable and all my defenses are down? Ronald Stanford you’ve got another thing coming if you think you can get me in bed!”
“Don’t flatter yourself sweetheart. You are no longer the version of the Sandra that I lusted after for an endless romp in the sack.” He lifted me up off my feet and turned around. The door was wide open and my bag sat next to it.
When had they planned this little trip? Was it when they were whispering around me? Didn’t any of them think to ask me if I wanted to go anywhere, if I wanted to leave with Ron of all people?
“Morris, help me with the bag. I’m going to need you to hold her door shut as I get in,” Ron said as he moved forward and out the door.
I kicked and scratched but Ron didn’t drop me. How could he, considering he was six feet two and two hundred and sixty pounds of muscle? Unlike William who was lean and just six feet tall, and his only form of exercise was a jog at the park while Kristy rode her bike beside him—Ron took care of his body. Unlike William who had no desire to be with another woman after my sister, Ron the lothario went an extra mile to keep filling his directory of lays. He was probably at page three hundred by now. To think I was close to being listed under J.
He placed me down and opened the door to his silver Audi. “Get in.”
I crossed my arms over my chest and glared up at him, “Make me.”
His jaw clenched then he moved so fast, sweeping me off my feet and dumping me into the passenger seat. I would never have believed that had just happened if he wasn’t now leaning over me, fastening my seat belt.
“Don’t bloody move Sandra.” he ordered then slammed the door shut making me jump. 
And for reasons beyond me, I didn’t. I was exhausted. All I wanted to do was close my eyes and sleep until all the hurt went away. Or until I’d convinced myself that it was all a bad dream and that the moment I opened my eyes, my little boy will be leaning over me, with his goofy smile and bright brown eyes. 
That’s how I woke up—I mean, used to wake up most mornings. With little Eric sitting on my chest, his sharp elbows digging into my clavicle bones his little hands under his chin supporting his head. I could always feel him stare at me, waiting for my eyes to open. I’d fight to keep from smile waiting to see what he would do to try and wake me up. Some mornings he would pull up my eyelids, other mornings he would whisper in my ear asking if I was up yet. He was just starting to say whole words, and for some reason he thought pulling them made him clearer so it would sound like ‘moooommmmy, are you uuup yeeeeet?’
I chuckled just thinking about it, but then that familiar pain stabbed me in the chest and the chuckle turned into a sob.
I felt Ron’s hand on mine and that shiver only he invoked rushed through me. No, I couldn’t let that—him cloud my mind. He’d taken center stage in my head and heart long enough. He wasn’t going to overshadow my son. 
I yanked my hand away, “Don’t touch me.” my voice broke from the tears stuck in my throat.
Without a word, he started the car and we pulled away from William’s house. My heart lurched when we passed mine just five minutes after and I could see Eric and me playing on the front lawn laughing until our chests would ache. I squeezed my eyes shut and held my hands over my ears. It was his laugh that would haunt me forever. I would never get to hear that laugh again.
I was finally getting my life together and this had to happen. Why?  
 
  
Chapter Two
Months before…
I never thought my life would be like this—well I did, but I always pictured it different.
Kristy, my beautiful baby sister would be alive, raising her daughter with the man she so terribly loved more than anything in the world. My big brother Morris would have a brood of his own and a lovely wife, leaving his bachelor—more like Casanova—life behind. And I, with my husband and wonderful son, and we would all spend the holidays and birthdays together. Like a real family.
And Uncle Ron...
I let out a sigh. Thinking of Ronald was never a good idea. It brought up too much confusion and anger... and painful ‘what ifs’.
But things aren’t as I wished they were. Kristy was dead, and her namesake daughter was being raised by her husband William, alone. I tried everything I could to get him to date again, but he just won’t bite. He keeps telling me true love exists only once and it can never be replace, so why should he accept a substitute? 
Why indeed.
Morris on the other hand wants nothing to do with true love. After watching William suffer Kristy’s loss, almost losing his sanity and falling into a deep depression, I completely understand his fear. That and the fact his college girlfriend died of breast cancer at the age of twenty three. He wasn’t truly in love with her, but watching him stand by her side through each and every step of that dreaded disease eating her alive and finally killing her... It affected him more than he cared to admit. It broke him and she wasn’t even his soul mate. 
I shivered. I understood that fear.   
But the thing is, I’ve never loved like William or Kristy, I’ve only loved like Morris.
Even that kind of love I’m not sure I’ve ever felt. But I thought I did.
Steve was quite a guy—a gentleman, patient, caring, attentive and always there when I needed him. I loved him before I met the real him.
Yes, I’m married, but it’s just a marriage of convenience.
Steve Hewitt, father of my son, a man I call husband for... I turned to the calendar. The gesture actually made me laugh—a sad and bitter laugh. Anyway, my husband for the past two years and one month only married me to save face. 
He wasn’t particularly happy to hear I got pregnant after the first time we had sex. He thought I trapped him. He thought the three months we dated was my way of finding out what he was worth, who he was and how important his family was. And in those three months, I also did the unforgiveable by taking my time and with so much skill to lure him into my bed. He was so excited about finally getting some that he forgot to use a condom, which was obviously my fault.
He’s such an ass.
Did he really expect me to let him near my cookies on the first date?
 I scoffed, of course he did. But, unlike all the other girls he’s dated I live by my own rules. I give myself three months to decide whether or not the guy earned the right to my cookies.
Well except for one guy... but that doesn’t really matter now.
I didn’t forget to use protection. I was on the pill for two weeks prior, and the damn thing didn’t work. I probably have grounds to sue. Not because of Eric, my baby is the best thing that has ever happened to me in years, but because I got stuck with the high and mighty moron Steve Hewitt.
He flipped out when I told him I was pregnant. After throwing a tantrum for like three hours he stormed out, only to come back the next day with a diamond ring. 
I stared down at my ball and chain on the table. An eight carat diamond, with a platinum band, sitting beside my wedding ring—a thick white gold band. I’ve always asked myself why I agreed to this farce of a marriage but the answer was quite simple—Eric. 
My proposal was not romantic. He didn’t take me to ‘our place’ to set the mood. He didn’t get on one knee and smile nervously up at me. He didn’t profess his love, singling out those moments he knew he loved me and wanted to make me his wife. He didn’t confess that the baby was the final push he needed to stop being a coward and finally propose, nor did he say the baby was the best thing that could have ever happened to us, our love child. He didn’t stay on his knee anxiously as he waited for me to stop weeping with joy and cry ‘Yes Steve, I’ll marry you!’  He didn’t dance for joy, pick me up in his arms and kiss me until I couldn’t breath, promising we would always be happy.
No, he didn’t do any of that. Instead, that day was the first part to this horror movie of a marriage. No the second part—his tantrum was too epic to sideline.
Instead, my fairytale proposal was a complete horror flick. He shoved the ring at me, and demanded we get married. I for one don’t respond well to orders. I said no, and he responded with ‘my dad is not giving you a choice in the matter’. Oh yeah, a thirty two year old man still took orders from his daddy in his personal life like he was ten! But that wasn’t the best part. I had two choices—either agreed to the marriage, or they would be the first ones to break the news to the society tabloids. They would drag my name through the mud for the duration of the pregnancy then take full custody from me. 
I’ve never been so scared in my life. I didn’t have the means to fight one of New York’s royal families, especially the most powerful of the few black prominent ones. The Stanford name could have helped, but I’m not a Stanford and William had finally gotten his life back together, I couldn’t drag him into this mess. It was my mess. And so I took the coward’s way out and said yes.
I pretended to be head over heels in love in front of my family and they were so happy for me. Probably because I would be too busy with my new family to interfere in their lives. But I must admit it was a beautiful wedding. Morris got to walk me down the aisle too, like he did with Kristy.  My new parents-in-law made themselves pests around William and Gloria. I always wondered if forcing this marriage wasn’t their way to get into the good graces of the Stanford’s. 
But the one Stanford I wish had attended was Ron. He would have seen right through me, like he did at Kristy’s birthday party. 
You are unhappy Sandra.
And how would you know?
I do know you, and marrying that moron was not a decision you willingly entered.
When he said those words, it took everything in me not to break down and cry. I hadn’t seen Ron in three years, and it took an hour in his presence for him to see through my smoke and mirrors.
He would have helped me fight the Hewitt family. But that was something I could never allow him to do, for the sake of the little pride I had left. I needed that little pride to finally write the last scene to this horror movie.
I heard the door open and close and I knew the time had finally arrived.
I stood up from my dinning table and walked to the living room. Steve was sited on the couch, his head leaning back against the back rest of the couch, his eyes closed and his lips spread in a Cheshire cat smile and I knew he’d been with one of his many mistresses. It sickened me. How could I have thought for one moment that I loved this man? It made me angry. Exactly the kind of emotion I needed to finally do this.
Kristy, be here with me. I took a deep breath and blurted out, “I’m filing for divorce Steve, and there is nothing you or your father can do to stop me.”
*
 “Why didn’t you tell us the truth Sandra?” William demanded, his face gaining a new shed of red. He’d been quiet the entire time I told him and Morris about my two years of marriage hell and how I got into it. Morris, of course had been pacing and cursing under his breathe the entire time but William waited until I was done to show his anger.
Seeing them so angry made me want to cry, but I wasn’t going to do that. I didn’t want their pity, I wanted their help. 
“Don’t yell at me!” I returned with as much anger as I could muster—and it wasn’t much.
William turned to face me, his blue eyes growing darker with rage with each passing minute, “I’ll bloody well yell as I see fit! Two years, Sandra! Two wasted years of living with that moron! Those are two years you will never get back. Two years of happiness you could have had, you’ve thrown away!”
I looked at him and I then realized his anger was directed at me and not Steve. That just pissed me off! 
“I not the villain in this story, I had no choice!”
Morris shook his head and pointed at me, “Oh no, this is your fault. It stopped being that asshole’s fault when you folded. You could have come to me and William and we would have fixed this. Hell, Ron would have taken Steve apart just for the fun of it!”
I felt a shiver run through me. The last person I wanted involved was Ronald Stanford. “Don’t say a word to him.”
William gave a dry chuckle, “During Kristy’s birthday he said something was wrong with you. I just chocked it up to him playing offensive in the feud you two have.”
Feud? If they only knew the truth.
“Your feelings about my stupidity have been noted. Can we please think of solutions that will end with me keeping my son?”
The divorce had been on going for a month now since my announcement to Steve and it was getting uglier by the day. Stories about me being an unfit mother were all over the tabloids and William and Morris had confronted me about my divorce then. I denied it of course but when Steve threatened to have false witnesses come forward, I knew it was time to fess up. Now here I am, not getting the reaction I wanted. I knew they would be mad but this, I didn’t expect this.
William huffed and dropped back into the chair he’d shot off a few minutes ago, pissed out of his mind. Morris sat next to him, his arms folded across his chest, his eyes in dark angry slits.
I let out a relieved breath. They were sitting down and weren’t yelling anymore, a good step to the right direction. But when their silence went on it agitated me. I felt like I had ants in my pants.
“Would someone please say something?”
“Don’t be this stupid ever again Sandra!” Morris spat out.
“Hey—” I began to protest but William cut me off.
“He’s right. You’re the only sister he has left, the only one I have.” He spoke above a whisper, and his voice was pained. “People with money lusting for power are dangerous and I don’t want a repeat.”
Kristy. My heart felt heavy just thinking about her. She’d gone up against a man with money and power and ended up dead for the effort. Fine, my husband had undesirable qualities but he couldn’t blink without his father’s expressed directions. He was not capable of murder.
“Steve wouldn’t do that to me.”
William cleared his throat, “That doesn’t matter. What matters is getting you out of this marriage alive and with your son.”
Morris rubbed his palms over his face and exhaled loudly. This wasn’t easy for him either. They both blamed themselves for not being able to protect Kristy and now me. I really should have told them the truth two years ago.
“There is only one thing we can do. William would have to throw his family name behind it. We’ll have to fight them on equal ground.”
 “Good idea but, William isn’t exactly well known in New York society.” I said, hoping I didn’t offend him.
“Thank goodness,” he blurted out, rolling his eyes. “But I’ve had too make a number of appearances these past few years. Getting involved with my family’s investments in America was the only way I could earn an income and spend all my time with Kristy.”
That was news to me, but I had been living under a rock for the past two years. Steve wanted me to have very little contact with my family to maintain the farce. He wasn’t all too happy about moving a street away from William, but he was too happy to please his father. It was the one thing my father-in-law supported me in. But the more I think about it, the more I think I was some kind of pawn to get close to the Stanford’s.
“Why did you give up advertising?” I felt guilty asking this now, but, it was time to catch up with my real family.
He smiled, one of those ‘it’s not your fault smiles’. That lifted some weight off my shoulders and I smiled back.
 “Mother thought taking the business responsibilities this side of the Atlantic will help convince Ronald it was time to settle down and take over the company and all its investments in Europe.”
I shivered again, Ron. Time to change the subject, “So, what are you going to do?”
“First, I’m going to pull out from the new venture with them and hire two of the meanest sharks I can find to back up the attorney you already have. If they don’t want a clean fight, I’ll make sure you leave with half of what Mr. Hewitt owns.”
I laughed, “Steve doesn’t own a thing. His father does.”
The edge of William’s lips rose, “That’s why I said Mr. Hewitt.”
Wow, altar boy got a mean streak! I liked it.
Morris scoffed, “I knew he didn’t have a backbone. That’s why I thought you could handle him just fine.”
I shook my head, “We are both being handled by his father.”
We all turned to Eric’s crying. I checked my watch—it had only been three hours since I put him down in Kristy’s room. His cousin had insisted on having him sleep in her room. She thought we were there to stay for the weekend. When in truth, Steve had decided since he bought the house, I should have been the one to leave.
I stood up, “I’ll go check on him.”
I only got around the table when Kristy appeared, her cheeks wet with tears holding a crying Eric tightly against her chest. “Aunty Sandra, something is wrong. Eric is very hot.”
I took Eric from her and pressed my lips to his forehead. He was burning up. I turned to Kristy. William had her in his arms and he spoke to her quietly trying to sooth her. She had her arms tightly wrapped around his neck as she cried. 
I moved to them and rubbed her back, “It’s okay sweetheart. Baby’s always get a fever. I’ll give him something and he’ll be as good as new.”
I hoped I reassured her but it seemed I’d made things worse. She tightened her hold on William making him chock. Then she whispered something I couldn’t make out, but the look on William’s face almost made my heart stop. 
He looked scared, all the color drained from his face as he stared at Eric.
I held my baby tighter against me, “What is it? What’s wrong?”
“Kristy says to take him to the hospital right now,” he turned to Morris and barked, “Get the car. You’ll have to drive… I—I don’t think I can.”
“But it’s just a little fever!” I argued.
He turned to me, his eyes filling with tears, “Not this Kristy.”
Oh God no!
I felt my heart beat harder in my chest as Eric’s cries reduced to whimpers. His head dropped on to my shoulder and his hold on me loosened. I felt the panic rise inside me and the back of my eyes burned with tears. Something was wrong with my baby.
*
“I’m sorry, could you say that again?”
The doctor had said those words three times already but my mind still couldn’t register them. They felt too unreal, like I was in a nightmare and I was waiting to wake up.
“Your son has Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.” 
Two days, I’d waited two days to find out what was wrong with Eric and it still didn’t click. I closed my eyes and waited for it to sink in. My one and a half year old son has leukemia. My baby has acute leukemia. My baby has cancer. My baby is dying.
I felt light on my feet as the ground rushed up to meet me. Someone caught me, wrapped his thick arms around me and held me tightly against his chest. 
“I’m here. I’m right here.”
It wasn’t the words but the voice that finally tore me open. I heard myself scream, I felt the tears flood out of my eyes, as my heart ripped apart. This couldn’t be happening. Something wasn’t right, everything was so completely wrong. This wasn’t supposed to happen! My baby wasn’t supposed to be dying!
“Do something Ron, do something!”  
 
 
Chapter Three
“We are here.”
I opened my eyes slowly. When had I fallen asleep and where was here? All I could see was a small log cabin surrounded by miles of trees. 
Ron placed his hand over mine on my lap, “Sandra, wake up. We’re here.”
Keeping my eyes staring out my window I asked, “Where is here?”
“I’m not going to tell you that. Just incase you try to make a run for it.”
I pulled my hand from under his and when his landed on my lap I pushed it off me. “How long have we been driving? What time is it?” I demanded.
“Don’t know. My watch is still set on London time.”
That’s when I turned around and glared at him. He had a stupid smile on his face to match his stupid answers. 
“Take me home!” I hissed through clenched teeth.
His annoying smile vanished giving way to a stern face, “Not a chance in hell. Now, you can either come out of the car and get into the cabin or stay in the car,” he pulled the keys out of the ignition and dangled them in my face, “With no heat. The nights can get really cold out here and you’ll be a popsicle by morning.” 
With that he got out of the car, moved to the back and got mine and his bags out of the trunk. He shut it with so much force the car shook and then he strolled up to the cabin without a backwards glance at me. He was so sure I would follow him up. Who told him I wouldn’t mind getting hypothermia? A few days in fever world would be a reprieve from my real life. And how the hell did I sleep all the way up here? In the months since Eric died, I haven’t been able to shut my eyes for even an hour without waking up from the throes of a nightmare, wet with both perspiration and tears.
Did he drug me? I wouldn’t put it past him especially since he wouldn’t tell me where we were. 
How the hell did he get a saloon car up the terrain road anyway? What does it matter? I was stuck here until the douche decided to take me back home. I’ll just sleep in the car until he caves. I reclined the seat, reached behind me for the coat in the back passenger seat and covered myself with it. 
A blast of cold air hit me and I quickly curled up.
“Out!”
I pulled the coat up over my head, “No.”
“Fine,” and after a few beats of silence I felt his hand wrap around my upper arm. He then yanked me out of the car, threw me over his shoulder and carried me away.
“Put me down you oaf!” I pulled the coat off me and threw it over his head.
He yanked it away, “Thanks love. I’ve been looking all over for this.”
Argh! The man made me insane!
 “I’m not going to ask you again Ron. Put me down!” I screamed as I punched his back. He muttered under his breath angrily barely flinching at my blows. I caught a few words, all cursing directed at me.
“Ronald put me the fuck down!” I screamed louder intensifying my punches. One blow made him bend backwards to my satisfaction.
“Fuck! You want down?”
I yelped when I was swung backwards and the ground came rushing up to meet me. I landed painfully on the wooden floor with a short scream. My tail bone felt like it had cracked in two.
“There you go!”
I glared up at him, “What the hell was that for?”
He glared back red faced with a sharp shrug of his shoulder, “You wanted down,” he barked then quickly stomped past me.
I stood rubbing my sore ass, “I didn’t ask to be here!”
He rounded on me, “Oh yes you did!” he returned with the same fire, “Grabbing Kristy today was the last straw.” He sighed and it was like his entire body deflated as he leaned against the back of the couch. He ran his hand through his hair messing it up. 
No gel today, I noticed. In fact, he looked a little ragged. His hair was longer than usual, his chin bushier and he had dark circles under his eyes.
“You having a bad day?” I jeered, “Well I’m sorry, I don’t feel like sympathizing at the moment. I’m having a crappy day myself, in fact I’m having a shitty life!”
His eyes grew softer, annoying me further because I knew what was coming next. 
“Sandra, we all understand you are going through the worst time of your life.” That was putting it lightly. Tears burned my sore eyes and that crushing pain filled my soul. “But it’s time to move on.”
I marched up to him and poked him in the chest with my broken finger nail, “Don’t you dare tell me when I should forget my son. Next, you’ll be telling me there are more where he came from. Only a man with no children would say something so stupid to a grieving mother!”
He cringed, “What you are doing to yourself… it’s not healthy. It’s been ten months…”
I turned away from him. I couldn’t listen to this crap again. Ron grabbed my arm to keep me from going any further and forcefully turned me around to face him.
“Sandra! You can’t keep punishing yourself like this. It was not your fault!”
“He came from me! I am his mother! Of course it’s my fault!” I screamed in his face.
He shook his head grabbing both my upper arms, “Leukemia isn’t something you could have passed to him nor is it something you could have chased away. He got sick and he just couldn’t fight it.”
“We’ll never know now will we?”
He stepped back dropping his hold on me, “What?”
 “You’re right. It’s not all my fault that my son is dead,” I tapped his chest, “It’s your fault too.”
He shook his head, “Sandra…”
“You made the decision that killed my son!”
His brows drew tightly together, “You think I wanted to? No one else was there to make it. You asked me to make it. I did what was best for him.”
I nodded, “By putting him down like a dog.”
His jaw clenched tight and he stared at me silently for three heart beats before he spoke quietly, his voice course with emotion, “You’re not the only one tormented by his death.”
He moved around and past me and walked away. I didn’t dare turn around and watch him go. The pained look on his face, the anguish in his eyes was like one more stone to the pile weighing down on my heart. 
I dragged myself to the couch and fell into it. I curled up on it and pulled the throw over me. I hadn’t even noticed the raging fire in the brick fire place. It explained why the cabin was so warm. But… what did it matter anyway? 
~*~
“Sandra.”
I turned to his voice but I didn’t dare draw my eyes away from my son. “Ron, he looks better today, doesn’t he?” desperation coated each word I spoke. My baby’s fading body was hooked up to every machine known to man and I had convinced myself that they were working to save Eric. 
“Love, we need to talk.”
By the tone of his voice, I could already tell what he was going to say. I didn’t want to hear it. Eric was going to be fine. A sharp pain like that of a hot knife searing through my chest hit me when Eric drew in a breath. It was long strangled and scratchy loud. His eyes barely open held mine hostage, forcing me to watch his struggle.
“Love, they didn’t catch it in time.”
I heard the words but I didn’t feel them. My attention was held by my son. His eyes, there was something in them… I leaned closer to him trying to read them better to read the message in them.
Ron placed his hand on my shoulder, “Sandra, I need you to listen to me.”
Eric weakly squeezed my two fingers that were in his hand. His rough skin and protruding bones, there was barely any flesh in between.
 “He’s losing too much weight Ron.”
The seat moved under me, turning me around with it but I struggled to keep Eric’s and my gaze locked. I still hadn’t deciphered the message in them. A hand cupped my chin and with a gentle grip forced my head around breaking the hold. I stared straight at Ron. He was kneeling before me, a shadow of a smile on his lips. 
He moved his hand from my chin to my cheek. I leaned into it, needing the warmth, the comfort. It felt like the cold and sober hospital had drained me. Despite the colorful drawing on the walls with their vibrant colors I still felt listless. It did nothing to better my somber mood.
 “Sandra, Eric has really tried his best but he’s lost this fight. His body can’t take anymore.”
My eyes blurred with tears but I didn’t cry, I didn’t speak I just stared straight ahead, kept my wet gaze on Ron. 
“We need to let him go. The doctors want to make him comfortable, make sure there’s no pain until he’s ready to move on.”
“Move on?” That was a peculiar choice of words. It wasn’t like he was moving out to go to college. Ron was talking about giving the doctors permission to put my son to sleep. Dogs are put to sleep and my son wasn’t a dog.
Ron shook his head, “Sandra don’t. Eric can’t handle anymore. The decision is yours but… Sandra he can’t take anymore.”
I turned around and looked at my baby. He was struggling to breathe even with the breathing mask. Should I even be seeing his heart beating? He was so thin I could see the jumps barely concealed by his little ribs. They stood out too.
“He’s tired.”
Ron rubbed my back, “Yes love, he’s exhausted.”
My throat burned. “He should sleep.”
He held my hand and moved the other to my shoulder. I felt his lips on my temple as he whispered roughly, “It’s okay to let him sleep.”
I looked into my son’s half-mast eyes again. I think I finally understood what they said. But… God forgive me but I couldn’t. I wanted to ease his discomfort, take his pain away but I couldn’t say the words. Just thinking about them gutted me. 
“Ron I—I can’t do it,” I cried my entire body wracking with shivers as the truth finally sunk in, as I finally let go of the delusion that my son would get up from that bed bright eyed and in vibrant laughter. “I just can’t.”
He held me tighter to him, “Do you want me to call Steve?”
Steve the fucking coward! He ran for the other direction the moment I told him the news. His parents had come to see Eric twice, the second trip they dragged Steve with them. After that, they never came, never took my calls. They’d written Eric off as dead and that meant they had no reason to try and delay the divorce. As my baby was going through his first round of chemotherapy I was served with notice that I was a free woman after an expedited divorce. I didn’t care as long as they kept paying Eric’s hospital bills but that began to be slow in coming. But Ron took care of everything. He played the role Steve was too yellow belly to. The father Eric needed and the crutch I required in this difficult time.
Now I was the coward thinking this but by God it would be easier to take if someone else did it. I didn’t want to be the one who killed my baby.
“Do you want me to do it?”
“Yes, please!” I responded, maybe too quickly but I was breaking even more inside and I needed it to be done before I changed my mind. I was too selfish to let him go. I needed someone to help me. 
“Okay. Climb into bed with him, hold him, sing to him. Sing him to sleep.” He lifted me out of the chair and guided me onto the bed next to my son. 
I gathered Eric’s little body into my arms, mindful of all the wires and tubes he was connected to. I placed his head on my chest and I swear he took a steady breath as he cuddled against me. I faced Ron but he shook his head, quickly dashing my hopes. 
He wasn’t getting better. He was just relieved to be in his mommy’s arms.
“I’ll be right back.”
I nodded and began to hum his favorite lullaby. For the life of me I couldn’t remember the words. 
A few minutes later, I felt Ron’s hand on my shoulder. His other hand snaked by me and cupped the back of Eric’s head. He barely had any hair left. He used to have such beautiful hair.
I heard the low whispers of two maybe three other people in the room but I couldn’t see them, Ron was blocking my view. But I could hear them. They fiddled around with the machines, Eric’s IV and then the oncologist came to the foot of the bed. She gave me a sad look, squeezed my ankle then left, closing the door behind her. We were alone now—Ron, Eric and me.
“Is it done?” I whispered.
Ron sat down but kept his hand on us. He nodded once, slowly, his eyes brimming with tears. “It shouldn’t be long now.”
I held Eric tighter to me. Maybe I shouldn’t have given up so soon. What if there was a treatment out there we hadn’t tried…
“We’ve done everything we could.” Ron said reading my thoughts again.
Yes, everything that could be done had been done. Ron hadn’t left a stone unturned but despite all his efforts, he too couldn’t save my son. I went back to humming, memorizing the feel of my son against my one last time.
It felt like it had been just a few minutes before it finally happened. His chest stopped moving against mine, his hold on my shirt fell away, he grew cold against my skin, his breathes… I couldn’t hear the strangling harsh sounds anymore. There was total silence, the room completely still except for my humming. Then the muffled sounds of weeping joined in. I turned just enough to spot my brother, hiding against the wall his shoulders shaking as he silently sobbed. William was next to him, tears running down free as he held Kristy tightly to him. He rubbed her back as she cried—the weeping sounds were hers. Ron was next to me, tears in his shattered eyes, his hands still on us—one on my shoulder the other cupping Eric’s head. 
He’d felt it too. The moment Eric slipped away. 
But I still needed to be sure… just in case…
“He’s gone, isn’t he?”
He nodded, tears dislodging and falling to his cheeks, “Yes,” he grunted.
I wasn’t sure what was happening next but a number of people came in and out of the room moving the machines and pulling the tubes and wires out of my son as I still held him in my arms. But I came awake the moment they tried to pry him out of my hold.
“Wait, I’m not ready yet!” I screamed in a panic.
Ron pulled my arms open then caged me against him, “Take him, please!”
The man lifted Eric off me and placed him on a gurney then covered his little body with a white sheet. Right over his head. It was final, too final.
“No, please no. Don’t do that. Wait! I’m not ready yet! Ron, tell him to wait, please!” 
I fought to get out of his hold but he trapped me whispering that it was okay into my ear. But it wasn’t. Nothing was okay.  I wasn’t ready yet. I needed to hold him one last time. I needed to tell him I loved him one last time. I needed to tell him he would always be my baby no matter where he was one last time. I needed…
The man pushed the gurney with my baby on it, out of the room and my panic grew ten folds. I struggled harder but Ron only held tighter.
“Ron, wait I’m not ready!”
“It’s okay Sandra, it’s okay.”
But it wasn’t okay, it never would be.
Once my baby was completely out of view, darkness descended on me and I welcomed it with open arms.  
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Four
“Eric!” I came awake screaming his name. Again. How long would this go on? Was I to be forever haunted by my dead son? When was I going to be finally okay, done with my grieving?
I quickly got out of bed and rushed to the door. I needed to find Ron. If I stayed alone one more second with the thoughts of Eric haunting me, I might just lose my mind entirely. But after how I had accused him that afternoon, would he even want to keep me company? I hadn’t meant to hurt him—well maybe I had. I wanted someone to hurt just as much as I did. It wasn’t until I relieved the day my son died in my dreams did I finally remember Ron’s grief. He had felt Eric die and that probably haunted him.
I stopped in my tracks stunned. Was I actually thinking about someone else’s pain? I hadn’t cared about anyone when I was with William and Morris. Was it because they hadn’t shared that final moment with me like Ron had? Would I have gotten better sooner if I’d kept leaning on Ron like I had through out Eric’s struggle?
“Sandra, what is it?”
Ron was standing in front of me, a worried look on his face, and a glass of what suspiciously looked like whiskey in his hand.
“You left me, why?”
He ran his free hand through his hair with a heavy sigh, “I couldn’t stay.”
“Why?”
He walked away, down the corridor and exiting into the living room and I was right behind him. “Ron, why did you leave me?”
“Sandra—”
“You stayed through it all, even the funeral,” my voice hitched over the last word, “but right after they put—” I squeezed my eyes shut. Dear God I couldn’t say it. It was too painful, “You left. Why?”
He kept his back to me as he stared into the fire place, “It got too much, hurt too much. I just couldn’t stay.”
“Why?”
He stayed quiet nothing but the cracking of wood in the fire could be heard. I stayed where I was, waiting for him to answer me. I got that it hurt but maybe, just maybe it would have hurt less if we’d ridden out the storm together.
“I just couldn’t,” he finally answered. He then turned around, “Wine?”
I wasn’t much of a drinker but I had adopted the habit when I found out its numbing effect. But I didn’t ride that oblivious ride long before Morris and William cleared the house of alcohol and made sure I couldn’t get any. 
Was that what Ron was doing? Numbing the pain with alcohol?
“Got any tequila?”
He smiled weakly, “You want to get plastered, do you?”
I shrugged one shoulder, “Just enough to keep the dreams away.”
It looked like he knew exactly what I was talking about by the expression on his face. He nodded once and disappeared down the corridor we’d just come from. I pulled the throw from the couch and sunk before the fire place and just watched the flames as I waited for him. A few minutes later he sunk down next to me holding out a glass to me. I took it and he poured a generous amount of tequila into it before he helped himself to some.
“Why did you come back now?”
He turned away, stared into the fire, “I got tired of running. It was ridiculous really, considering what I was trying to run from was inside me.” He faced me, “And I heard you were doing worse than William. Couldn’t have you trying to kill yourself like he did, now could I?”
I actually smiled, “Ron, I’m not your responsibility.”
“Nope, but if I’m to finally have my chance to sleep with you I need you around.” He tried to tease but I could see the fear in his eyes. He’d truly been scared I was going to try to kill myself.
I’d thought about it, a few hundred times but I never could manage getting off the couch to actually do it.
“What are we doing here now?”
He shrugged, “I have no idea. I want to keep hiding out and you need a change of scenery.”
“So we’re hiding?”
He saluted her before he downed the tequila in one gulp. He hissed scrunching up his face, “yes we are.” He responded hoarsely.
“Salud!” I saluted him and down my own drink. Hell it burned all the way!
He refilled our glasses, “So how long should we keep this up?”
“When the bottle is empty and we feel a little numb and it hurts a little less.” I took a long look at him, at how his biceps pressed against his cardigan when he folded his arms over his raised knees. “Or we could do something other than just drink.”
“Oh yeah? What?” he replied absentmindedly his eyes staring into his tequila glass.
“We could have sex,” I blurted out playfully. It was funny when he went completely still right after. But as I thought about it, my eyes roving freely over his body, I wondered why the hell not? I’ve always wanted to, so why not now when we were in bad need of some comfort?
He looked up, a perfect aristocratic brow rose, “You want to shag?”
“Yes, I want to shag,” repeating the word with my take of an English accent.
He chuckled, “There are so many reasons why that’s a really bad idea,” he threw back his drink, hissing as it slide down his throat. 
“Why not?” I drunk my tequila for some liquid courage then refilled both our glasses, “Okay. Give me one good—and it has to be irrefutably good—reason why we shouldn’t.”
He opened his mouth to speak but nothing cam out. I giggled, the drink already going to my head.
“See, you don’t have one!”
He shook his head, “No, no. I do. I just can’t think of one at the moment. After a cup of very strong coffee I’m sure I’ll be able to come up with something.”
I scoffed, “You’ve had three shots of tequila. I never took you for a light weight.”
“My dear, I was well into my cups when you woke up. You want to talk about it?”
Ah, he heard me scream for Eric. I can’t count how many times I’ve done that since…
I gulped down my drink washing down the unwanted feelings of despair and depression. Tears and wails of anguish were not seduction tools. 
“Talking isn’t going to bring him back.” I mimicked his accent again.
“Shagging all night won’t either.” He toasted me, giving me one of his roguish smiles, “But I’m glad my accent amuses you.”
“So are we doing this or what?” I asked impatiently.
He stared at me thoughtfully, “A few hours ago you called me a murderer.”
I chewed on my lip guiltily, “I didn’t mean—”
“Yes you did,” he cut me off. “It was implied very strongly in your angry accusations,” when I opened my mouth to defend myself he raised his hand, “Not to worry. I know it was the pain talking. I understand—well I can’t fully understand the pains of a bereaved mother but I know some semblance of your pain.” he looked down at his left hand then clenched it in such a tight fist that it shook.
“Is that the hand that held Eric when…” My insides burned when I remembered that moment.
“Yeah,” he croaked tossing another shot into his mouth.
I followed suit then in the bravest act since I asked for a divorce. I pulled off my baggy sweat shirt that had been my buddy for days and I just now realized how much it stunk, tossed it far across the room, rose to my knees and moved to him.
“Sandra…”
I’m sure his tone was supposed to convey a warning but it came out as uncertain as he looked. Sited before me wasn’t macho Ron but a man grieving.
“You’re hurting, I’m hurting so why don’t we just take a break from all the hurt and take a little pleasure for just a few minutes.” I came to a stop between his raised knees and placed my hands on his shoulders.
He looked up at me, his hands instinctively lifting to my waist, “Sandra this is a bad idea.” 
“I said coming to this cabin was a bad idea but you didn’t listen to me. So why should I listen to you now.” I grabbed the neck of his cardigan and began to pull, “Why don’t we take this off.”
He helped, “I don’t have anything underneath.”
“Even better.” Once I had him bared my breath caught in my throat. I’ve always known a magnificently chiseled body lay below his tailored suit jackets but this… wow! His chuckle drew my attention and I was glad I was a few shots to being shit faced to care if I’d embarrassed myself. “Say one word and we both go to bed horny and alone.”
“We can’t have that now, can we?” his hands snaked under my tank top and my entire body exploded in shivers. Before when they were playful touches just to annoy me I did shiver from the pleasure, from the want, the need—I craved his touch when he drew it away. It was like having an addiction to a drug. And now, now that his touch wasn’t playful or casual but seductive meant to arouse me… it was a complete overload! 
“You do things to me…”
“I haven’t yet. Not yet,” his hands pushed the tank top up and over my head baring me to him. I shivered, from the cold, or from the desire, I have no idea but it was a yummy shiver. 
He pushed up on his knees and I was still a head shorter, staring at his chest. And what a lovely chest—with a tattoo. 
I traced the black rose with falling petals with my finger, “You have a tattoo, you’re mother would be livid if she found out.”
“I don’t make it a habit to walk around shirtless in the presence of my mother so there is no way from her to find out. And your English accent is atrocious, love. Now, something demands my attention.”
“What’s that?” the words were barely out of my mouth when he covered my lips with his. His lips, his kiss was just as I remembered—perfect. 
~*~
“Kristy introduce me!” I begged chasing after her around her bedroom.
“No for the hundredth time. Ron is trouble.”
“And he’s hot,” I floated down onto her bed, “Man is he hot. If he smiles at me like that again I swear I’ll die the little death.” A pillow smashed into my face and I rose sputtering, “Really Kristy.”
“I can’t listen to you talking about him like that,” her body shook with revulsion, “Yack! It’s weird.”
“Why?”
“He’s my brother!”
“He’s your brother-in-law,” I corrected, “And there is nothing disgusting about his sexuality. In fact he’s yummy,” I sighed heavily. At twenty-five I shouldn’t be experiencing the kind of sexual drought I was in. My sister was two years younger and already married. She was disgustingly happy and still in the honeymoon phase. 
When she began dating the straight laced Englishman, I thought the relationship had a shelf life of a banana but thousands of bananas later they were still going strong. But she’d changed him a bit. His tie used to be perfect, sitting around his neck like a well behaved noose, then as the weeks went by it got looser and looser. He lost the tailored suits and Italian leather shoes and became more into loafers, jeans and a pollo shirt. He was still a rich boy but a watered down version. Ronald Stanford however was the playboy of the two. William was cute but Ronald was flaming hot!
Another pillow hit my face.
“Would you stop that? I can hear all your depraved thoughts from all the way across the room. You want an intro? Fine but don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
I squealed like a teenage school girl bouncing on the bed, “Thank you thank you thank you sis! I owe you big time. Now, you just have to convince him to stop by here. I’m sure he can take a few weeks off his world tour.”
Kristy rolled her eyes, “Ron has been on this world tour since his dad died and left him the responsibilities of the company. Will thinks he’s trying to run away but his guilt always takes him back to England on occasion to check on their mother.”
I shivered, “It’s amazing, just the mention of dragon Gloria scares me.”
“You and me both sister. But the trick is never to let her see the fear or she’ll swallow you whole.”
Oh I didn’t doubt that but we’d gotten off topic, “Kristy—”
She sighed heavily, “Yeah yeah I know. Ron will be here tonight so go do whatever rituals you have to, to attract him.”
By rituals my sister meant the normal routine a woman went through before a date. Kristy was a tree hugger so make up, hair spray, perfumes and the likes were a taboo for her. And William loved her natural beauty and loved her enough to go off meat. Me… not so much. I love a big juicy cheese burger.
I jumped off the bed and kissed her cheek before dashing out to commence my rituals. I had a billionaire playboy to attract and I was pulling out all the stops. 
~*~
“What are you thinking about?”
I cuddled into his side and he wrapped his arm tighter around me. I was naked with Ron, lying in front of a raging fire enjoying the aftermath of some wild sex. This was one of the many fantasies I had about him before I talked myself into writing him off as a love interest.
“Just about the first time we met.” 
He fingers trailed up and down my spin giving me the sexy shivers. “William and Kristy’s wedding.”
I snorted, “Repeating vows from a Celtic romance novel at the beach is not exactly a wedding. Good thing Will had a mind to make it legal.”
He chuckled and I could feel it vibrate in his chest where my hand lay, still tracing the tattoo. It fascinated me. I had to remember to ask him about it.
“So what about that day?”
I pushed up onto my elbow to look down at him. He looked different, less grieved. Do I look the same? Was that all I needed to lessen the strangling grip this grief had around my heart after countless other attempts? For how long should I have sex with Ron until everything was bearable? Or how long will it last before I fall back into that dark pit of grief again?
“Sandra…”
“Oh yeah right. You barely noticed me then. I’m talking about the day you stopped over in Manhattan on your way to some jungle in South America—”
“The Amazon,” he cut in.
“—and Kristy kind of forced you to take me out.”
He combed his fingers through my hair, “I noticed you. I’d just received a stern warning to not go sniffing anywhere near you. And Kristy didn’t have to force me to go on that date.” His confession set butterflies in my belly. “What about it?”
“Everything was going so well until the end of the date.” I hinted suddenly feeling as self-conscious as I did that night. 
His hand stilled in my hair for a moment before it began stroking again, “It had been a fun date, hadn’t it?”
“So what happened?”
“When we got to my hotel room?”
Hell it was like pulling teeth! “Yes, then. What changed your mind?”
He exhaled loudly dropping his hand from my hair, “Do we have to discuss this now?”
I wanted to say yes but I’d just spent a good hour of nothing but pleasure in his arms and I didn’t want to risk not having that again. I could be classed as a horrible mother using sex to forget my child but I needed the forgetfulness he gave me. 
“What does that tattoo mean?”
He flipped, sliding me under him, “No talking remember?”
I nodded, slipping into the world of nothing but sexual ecstasy with him again. 
 
 
  
Chapter Five
I don’t know how long I have been sitting here. In the wet grass staring at the sun. It wasn’t up when I woke up from yet another nightmare, bundled myself in Ron’s winter coat and walked out of the cabin. It was really dark then and the mega volt flash light was the only source of light. Everything had been as silent as it was dark. But now the sun was half way up, its golden rays shining on the morning dew and the sounds of little animals coming out of sleep filled the air. I could see my breath in white smoke rising over my face that was thawing out thanks to the sun. I wasn’t too cold anymore and that wasn’t all too good I think. The cold had frozen my mind and now that I was starting to feel warm, reality was seeping into me with the sun rays.
The raw pain hit first. Then the fifty ton sense of despair crushing my heart under its weight came next. Tears choked me and the beautiful vision of the rising sun became a blur of light.
 I could feel it. It was dragging me down into its pit and into its embrace again. I had just escaped from last night. Was there no way to fully escape it, this grief from hell? Was I to be its prisoner forever!
Then I felt his heat behind me, through the thick padding of his coat. His legs cradled mine, his arms wrapped securely around me like an anchor, and my descent into the pit came to a halt. But I knew it wouldn’t be for long. The relief never did last long.
“I’m sorry I…” I began in a whisper but couldn’t get anything else past my constricting throat.
He settled his chin on my shoulder, rubbed his rough cheek against my smooth one. It was scratchy but familiar, comforting, warming. 
“It’s alright. I have another. See,” he held his hand up for me to see his well padded arm. The brown coat was similar to the black one I wore. He probably had it in three other different colors. Such a diva.
I nodded stiffly, blinking my vision clear and sending hot tears down my cool cheeks. It burned.
“How long have you been out here?”
“A while.”
“And you didn’t get tempted even once to leave?” I shook my head no.
We sat there in silence for a while watching the sun ascent before he spoke again.
“Tell me about Eric.”
I wasn’t expecting him to say that. I don’t know what I expected but not that. No one had ever asked her that. It made me glad that there was one less person who wanted me to forget my son.
“He was such a perfect baby. Barely cried and seemed to love his own company. I used to go to his room and cuddle with him because I was lonely. He made being married to that ass a whole lot easier.”
“He was an angel if he could do that.”
I smiled, “I used to imagine all the things we would do together once he was old enough. All the games I would go to just to cheer him on.”
“Which sport?”
I shrugged finding the question a little ridiculous. “He’d be great at all of them and of course have the brain to match.”
“Of course, an all round jock,” he responded laughingly. 
Ass! “There would be a line of girls ready to kiss my ass because they wanted to get in his good graces—him being a mama’s boy and all. We would have that kind of mother—son bond that every other mother would be jealous about. And of course I would be the momzilla who had his back no matter what.”  
“Sandra, what are you doing out here?”
“Enjoying the sunrise?” I hedged hoping he would let it be. And he had, I think because he didn’t say a word for like the next ten minutes. It must have been some jedi mind trick because  I found myself saying, “I could feel myself being sucked into that black hole and I… last night when we were together I felt something other than agonizing pain… I just needed something to keep me afloat. I don’t want to keep drowning any more, have been for way too long.”
His arms tightened around me and I leaned my head against his, “You are going to have to say the words Sandra. If you have any hope of making it out to the other side, you’re going to have to face it.”
My chin trembled and I clutched tightly to Ron, “I never got to drive him to school or to his friend’s house. I never got to help him with his homework or just do it for him because I was that much of a sucker. I never got to drive him to soccer, baseball or basketball practice or cheer him on during games. I never got to give him embarrassing kisses all over his face in front of his friends because he played so well or passed his exam.”
“Sandra…” Ron’s broken voice filled my ear.
“I’ll never get to cry my eyes out after dropping him off at his college dorm and he never got to hug me in his big strong arms, teasing me of how much of a cry baby I was. I’ll never get to whine about how fast time had gone and how big he was and how easily he could carry me like I used to carry him. I’ll never get to call and text him a thousand times a week because I miss him so much or do his laundry when he came over for the weekend. I bet I would complain about it but still do it anyway because he’d probably have someplace cooler to be but chose to be home with his dear old mom instead.”
“Sandra, this isn’t—”
“I’ll never get to meet the love of his life because he never got the chance to grow up and fall in love. It isn’t fair Ron, it isn’t fair he’s gone so young!”
“I know love, I know.”
“My son is dead Ron, my baby is dead. Eric is dead.” I cried and Ron just held me as I did, not saying a word.
*
“How are you feeling?” Ron asked passing me a glass of water before he sat down beside me on the couch.
“After crying for hours, from morning into the night, I’m feeling a little dry. Keep the water coming,” I croaked. My throat was soar from all the crying and my eyes felt puffy and just as soar. I must look a sight!
He chuckled nodding, “Besides that, how are you?”
“Ron, crying isn’t a quick fix.”
“No, but acceptance in your case is a huge leap in the right direction.”
I drank deeply and then handed him the glass once it was empty, “Thanks. You know, I feel a little better but the hurt is still there.”
He placed the glass on the table then moved closer to me, gathering me in his arms. I snuggled against his chest, loving how his strong arms wrapped around me. I felt safe in them.
“You’ll still hurt love but with time it will lessen, become bearable,” he kissed the top of my head, “You Sandra, are the strongest person I know. Seeing you so broken frightened me but I know you’ll be fine with time.”
There was something in his voice that caught my attention. He sounded despondent. Why?
“Ron, what’s wrong?”
“What do you mean love?” He sounded absent, stroking my hair. 
I pulled away so that I could look up at him. He had a distant look in his eyes, a slight frown on his lips and brow.  He almost looked like he was in pain but trying hard to hide it. Could it have anything to do with why he ran and hid himself away? Eric’s death had triggered something. What?
I raised my hand to his cheek and stroked it. His light buzz tickled the tips of my fingers. He came awake then, looking down at me with a wide smile that didn’t reach his eyes.
“You want to tell me what’s bothering you? And don’t act like you don’t know what I’m talking about.”
He turned his face in my hand and pressed his lips in the middle of my palm. Innocent yes, but it shot a volt straight to my groan, making my body trembled. I swallowed hard liking my suddenly dry lips. I probably needed another glass of water. Once I met his eyes, I grew more perched. His gaze was heated as he stared into me. That’s right, he stared right into me and sent my body temperature up through the roof. I felt the wet tip of his tongue and quickly jerked my hand away. But he grabbed it, forcefully holding it to his mouth. 
“Ron, you’re avoiding the subject.” He’s wet tongue on my palm reduced my voice to a whisper, my body into shivering jelly.
He pulled my hand and draped it over his shoulder. His hands dropped to my hips and I was up off the couch and down straddling his lap in a second.
“Ron…”
“Sandra…” he sighed heavily, “Look, I’m not avoiding anything. I would just rather make love to you than discuss what’s bothering me.”
I crossed my arms behind his neck, “Ah, so there is something bothering you.”
“Yeah,” he began with a sly smile, shifting me on to his crotch then pushing up, “Something is definitely bothering me. Good thing I have you to help relieve it.”
I narrowed my eyes at him, “Ronald tuck this Casanova version of you—which I do not like very much by the way—back in it’s box and bring back the sweet vulnerable you.”
He dropped his head with a sigh.
“Ron—what are you—” the rest of my sentence was cut off by my shirt going over my head. He had my arms up and my shirt off in a second. I sat there in my bra staring at his smug face in complete shock. “You have stripping women down to a science.”
He pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it where he had mine, “I’m quite talented in silencing them too. And I only use my tongue.”
Just the thought of his tongue on me made me mute. And judging by his arrogant smile, the ass knew it. We wouldn’t be talking about his problems for a long time, but I was determined to help him just as he was helping me.
*
As I sit here on the porch swing, staring at nothing but trees, for the first time since Eric died I feel like there was something more than a loose band aid holding my heart together. After weeks of living in the middle of nowhere with Ron, I feel like my heart is stitched up and the healing process had began. I still hurt when I think about my dead baby but it doesn’t drown me, smother me. The grief doesn’t have its hands wrapped around my throat squeezing the breath out of me. I still cry for what I lost, what I was robbed of but I also smile because of what I had with Eric. Ron had a hand in that, in my feeling steady. Each day he asked me to tell him something about Eric and I end up laughing more than I cry. Yes, the memories hurt but they give me comfort.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Chapter Six
“Ron, Ron?” I held the bed sheet tighter around my naked frame and left the bedroom to go in search of Ron. When I woke up the side of his bed was cold so he’d been gone a long time. I made my way down the corridor but slowed when I heard his voice. He was on the phone and his tone suggested…
I shook my head. No way. He wouldn’t be that much of an asshole. He wouldn’t do something as slimy to me.
“Yes love I know I’ve been gone a while but you know business… what kind of business? Since when were you interested in knowing?”
I felt like my neck was in a chock hold and I couldn’t breath. Business? Was that what I was now? Love? I never claimed exclusivity to the endearment but damn it hurt hearing him call someone else that. I walked into the room he was having his phone conversation in just catching his whispered ‘I miss you too can’t wait to fuck that sweet ass again’. I doubled over like I’d been punched in the stomach. 
I was back to being that foolish girl again. Building castles with no foundation, a life with a man who didn’t see her as nothing more than a temporary shag. One month we’d been here in what I used to consider our love cabin in the middle of the woods had just been reduced to a shameful tryst by his few words.
“Sandra…”
I held my hand out wading him away, “Don’t. Don’t come near me, don’t speak to me just don’t!” I straightened fighting for a little dignity and stared him down. My vision was blared but I kept myself from blinking.
I waited for some half ass explanation, some of his English charm, seduction but nothing. He just stood there staring at me, with a blank expression. He hadn’t meant for me to hear him but he also wasn’t going to waste his time trying to convince me I heard wrong.
“I can take you home in an hour if you like?”
Oh dear lord that hurt! I shook my head, “No. Just take me to the nearest town and I’ll make my way home myself.”
“Sandra—”
“I’m not asking for your permission nor was it a request! I can’t stand to be near you for more than I have to and I don’t have to endure hours to New Jersey.” I yelled at him and he flinched.
Quickly, not trusting myself to hold it together any longer, I ran back to our bedroom and quickly got dressed. And just as quick I packed my two bags taking a minute or two to break down. How could I have been such a fool to think this time would be any different? But he didn’t promise me anything and I was the one how suggested adding sex to our mourning process.
I sat heavily on the bed, my face in my hands. I’d made such a mess of my life, it’s a wonder I still get surprised when things keep going wrong. 
“Sandra…”
I vaulted up on my feet. Keeping my back to him I palmed dry my face hissing a little when I rubbed my soar eyes a little too roughly. 
“I’m ready to leave.”
“Would you like me to take your bags?” he sounded subdued but I wasn’t going to give myself even a second to romanticize it. His hesitance may suggest pity just as it would guilt.
“No, I got it.” I turned around to face him and he looked impeccable. I’d missed it the first time.
His hair was sleeked back with product, his beard and mustache in perfectly cut lines. He wasn’t in a suit but he was in something close to it with his GQ long open neck sweater and dress pants with matching shoes. He was back to being the lady killer Ronald Stanford. No longer was he the mourning Uncle Ron.
I grabbed my bags and hurried outside. I tried to open the car passenger door but it was locked so I stood there stoic, my bags in my hands and waited. I could hear him behind me locking the cabin up. I was tempted to turn around and look at the place where I learned to bear the loss of my son but I was afraid learning that I was nothing but a temporary distraction in the same house would break me. From the look of Ron, the cabin had also served its purpose as did I. 
“Would you like me too—”
“I can get my own bloody door just open it!” I bit out.
He moved away from me and walked around the car to his side. He stood facing me but I kept my gaze away for the eons he stood looking at me. When that click that signaled the doors were open, I practically ran to the trunk, tossed my bags in then reluctantly walked to the passenger side. I wish it wasn’t one of those selfish cars with just two seats—the driver and passenger. I got in, did up my seat belt then turned to the door, squeezing against it. I wanted to be far away from him as possible.
“You are the one who made it what it shouldn’t have been, not me!” He vehemently defended himself.
I wanted to curse him out but he was right. I was the one who made it more than it shouldn’t have been. But it didn’t make the betrayal hurt any less. “Well, I’m ending it now. We both served our purpose. Let’s not mention it, to anyone, ever. It also won’t ever happen again.”
“You said the same thing last time.”
“Just shut the fuck up and drive.”
~*~
“We had a great night, didn’t we?” I spoke, looking down at the plush carpet as we walked down the corridor towards his room.
Ron chuckled softly, “Yes we did.”
I felt my heart beat a little faster, “It doesn’t have to end now, does it?”
My suggestion was met by silence and cursed myself wondering how I would take that back. It was a completely stupid move! Why would he take me seriously? I bet he had women throw themselves at him sounding surer of themselves and not like virginal teenagers asking their boyfriends if they ‘wanna do it’.
He moved to walk closer to her until their shoulders bumped, “Am I reading that right?”
Woman up! I pushed my shoulders back and tipped my chin up, “Yes you are.”
He chuckled again then out of the blue, I was pressed flat against the wall with him pushing up against me.
“Do you feel that?” he whispered wetly in my ear.
I nodded. Oh boy did I feel it. He was huge, pressed against my ass like that and I swear I was on the verge of an orgasm. My legs buckled under me, and I was hot with need all over. I wanted to feel even more of him and with no clothes between us.
“I’ve being carrying that around all night thinking of the three holes I could put it in and the numerous ways I could ease the strain. Have you been thinking of the same too?”
Hell yes, though nothing as crude. I was just about to answer him when his hands cupped my breasts, my nipples caught between his fingers. I moaned, pushing back against him.
“Fuck me already!” I did not just blurt that out loud!
His lips pressed against my pulse. He sucked in and legs gave under me. Good thing his thigh was already between my legs and he held me up.
“Oh love, I plan on doing exactly that.”
The door next to my head opened and out walked out a Megan Fox look a like with the littlest underwear I’d ever seen. Embarrassed, I tried to push Ron off me but quickly stilled at her next words.
“Oh, Ron. Is this your way of asking me for a three way again?”
“What?” my heart beat pounded in my chest but for a whole other reason.
Ron stepped away from me and I turned around to face him, leaning against the wall for support. Again for a whole other reason.
He gave me his lopsided grin and shrugged, “Can’t blame a guy for trying. What do you say Sandra, interested?”
Dear god he didn’t just ask me to… “You want me to have sex with both of you?”
He trapped me against the wall again but no part of his body touched me. His hands on the wall caged me in. “I find girl on girl action very arousing. I promise I can satisfy you both.”
Megan Fox look a like leaned against Ron and she stared at me like she was seriously considering it. Then she smiled, a very creepy pervy smile. “I haven’t had a black girl’s pussy before…”
I went from stunned to pissed off in a nanosecond. I pushed Ron away from me, slapped him across the face and ran down the hallway with their laughs chasing me. Once in the elevator I sank to the ground crying, speed dialing my sister.
“Kristy, you were right. Ron is a class A asshole and I would sooner take up on a street corner than have him near me ever again.”
~*~
I stood at William’s door with a whole other mess on my hands. He and Morris were not going to like this new development. After Ron had dropped me in the nearest town, I walked to a bus stop ready to buy a ticket to New Jersey but something stopped me when I got to the counter. I wasn’t ready to face any of them just yet, especially still raw from what I did to myself with Ron’s help. I still needed a little more time, but on my own this time. I remembered Kristy liked to go to this place when she was feeling down. She called it a retreat, I called it a commune where tree huggers who became terrorists were bred. She offered to convince them to let a non-supporter in so that I could see what the retreat was about. I refused of course. I couldn’t imagine eating nothing but leaves like a rabbit for an entire week. 
Well, that’s where I’ve been for the past six months. And they’d added meat to their menu to boast up business. They had everything: a quiet, fresh air, unpolluted area in the woods with their own organic farms with no contact from the outside world. It was the sanctuary I needed all along until I finally decided I couldn’t hide anymore.
I took a deep breath and shook off the nervousness. They were my family, my brothers, they wouldn’t judge me. And if they ask who did it, I’ll just say it was a result of a drunken night. Before I could talk myself out of it, I used my key to open the door and stepped in. One huddle down…
“Will, Kristy? Are you guys home?”
“Aunt Sandra!” Was all the warning I got before Kristy rammed into me. Good thing I wasn’t all the way into the house. I held onto the door frame for support.
I hugged my niece back, and apologized for the terror I was to her the last time we saw each other. She stared up at me funny and I knew the question was coming.
“Did Uncle Ron do that?”
“Did Uncle Ron do what?” William’s voice preceded him into the room. When he saw me, he stopped in his tracks. Probably because his jaw was dragging the floor but my protruding stomach could be another reason.
Morris came in behind Will, a pretty girl right at his heels. The glass he had in his hand dropped to the ground with a loud crash jolting Will awake. “I’m going to kill that shit head!”
What? To Morris, Ron could do no wrong. He was the playboy Morris wanted to be when he grew up. This reaction wasn’t completely expected and was just as shocking.
“Wait, I only get this reaction when he does knock me up, but never to the cat and mouse game he used to play with me?” Hands on my disappearing hips I glared at him, “You know, if you’d acted the way you were supposed to as a big brother, this may not have happened.”
William groaned, rubbing his forehead, “This, I didn’t see coming.”
After everyone’s tempers had been cooled and the shock had worn off, I turned to the pity girl who’d witnessed our family melt down with a bright and yet mortified smile.
“Hi, I’m Sandra. Who are you?”
Morris snorted, “Don’t worry babe. She’s always this rude. Sandra, this is Joy, the woman I married before I plan on knocking her up. You know, the way it’s meant to be.”
Hold the phone! “What?”
Joy approached me with a smile of her own, “I can’t believe he was the same man in a panic to tell you we’d eloped. You should sit down.”
“Yeah, I should,” but I didn’t, “You eloped? Your family was okay with that?”
She shook her head, “Saying they are mad is putting it lightly. Apparently black people don’t elope, who knew?” she finished with a shrug. She turned to look at Morris who was still pacing mumbling angrily to himself. “We actually got married after… I don’t… what I mean to say…”
What she was finding it hard to say was they’d taken the plunge after Eric died. I smiled reassuringly at her, “Don’t worry about it. Life is too short to wait around.”
She looked pointedly at my belly, “Is that why you decided to have another baby?”
I snorted a laugh. Did I plan this? No way. In fact, I’d sworn off having kids ever again. The pain from loosing one was unbearable and I’d barely survived it. I was in a panic when I threw up that first time. I went through the check list and concluded that I was pregnant though I held the hope it was a coincidence. A trip to the resort doctor shattered that hope and I spent close to a week crying. I was already mourning the death of my baby before it was even born. 
“Is that true Sandra?” William asked. Morris stopped his pacing and stared at me in pity.
I rolled my eyes, “Yeah, right after I buried my son I went out and intentionally got pregnant by Ron—Ron of all people!”
“Then what’s this about?”
I lowered myself onto the couch, exhausted. “It wasn’t planned. It just happened and I’m done crying over it. I’ve decided to think of this pregnancy as a positive curve ball.” I glared at William and Morris, “The two of you have no choice but to be happy about it. Am I clear?”
“Yeah.” “Sure.” They responded at the same time.
Joy laughed, coming to sit next to me, “It’s funny how you got them to heel like that. I have a feeling you and I are going to be best friends.”
I smiled at that. I was going to need all the friends I could get at this point. “Welcome to this crazy family Joy Jackson.” 
 
 
  
Chapter Seven
To appease Joy’s family, I decided a grand reception was in order. Of course Morris quickly agreed to it, wanting to get in his father-in-law’s good books. That is until he saw how many they were in Joy’s family and how much it would cost him. Morris was doing well but not that well. Joy somehow got her father to agree to split the bill and seeing how well she handled her dad reminded me of how easily my sister Kristy had our dad wrapped around her finger. Moments like that weighed heavily on me but I hanged onto the new life inside me to keep me afloat.
“You look even more beautiful than the last time I saw you.”
His soft spoken words washed over me, weakening me to the point I had to lean against the table to keep myself up. I wasn’t ready for this meeting just yet. I wasn’t ready to have the humiliation slapped across my face, or the fight that would come from it. I wasn’t ready to reveal my current state to him but when has life ever let me prepare?
I took several deep breathes and turned around, giving in to the need to wrap my arms around my belly. “Ron, I didn’t think I would see you so soon. Actually I didn’t think I would see you for another year or two. Shouldn’t you be at some remote corner of the world yet to be discovered?”
He smiled weakly and that’s when I noticed his bruised lip.
“I was, until I got an urgent call from your brother.”
I touched my own lip where the bruise sat on his, “That must have been one hell of a hallo.”
He circled his finger over the bruise, “This? Oh no. This was courtesy of William.” He lifted his finger to his eye. I hadn’t seen that one either. It was way bigger and darker. My eye sight was getting worse. “This was your brother. He’s gotten pretty blood thirsty. It didn’t help that he punched the same spot a second time when I complemented his beautiful bride.”
I couldn’t help it. I laughed. Morris was a little whacko when it came to Joy.
“Poor baby. Come on, I’ll get you some ice.” I called out for my assistant from across the restaurant, one that everyone forced on me because they thought I was too pregnant to handle organizing everything by myself, and pointed to the stuff I had laid out on the table. He nodded, understanding me and I led Ron to the bar.
“You need help,” he asked from behind me.
I spied at him from over my shoulder, “Help with what?”
He rushed his step until we were shoulder to shoulder, “Walking I guess? You’re waddling.”
I stopped, glared up at him until he had the decency to look contrite before I kept walking. “I’m supposed to waddle. It’s what happens when your body gets ready to give birth.”
“And when will this happy event take place?”
I blinked a few times. What the hell did he mean by that? “Exactly what are you asking me?”
Now he looked confused, “Is there more than one answer to that question? When’s you’re due date?”
“Oh. June, if I go full term but most probably May.”
“Why most probably May?”
I rolled my lips in my mouth. Time to let the big cat out of the bag: “I’m pregnant with twins.” 
From my peripheral view, I saw him go down but the loud thud that came after still made my jump. When I turned around, Ron was on the floor out cold. I burst out laughing completely stunned. This was a side of Ron I never thought existed.
A waiter came and stood next to me, wide eyed and I could only guess what he was thinking and it just made me laugh harder. 
“Is everything alright miss?”
“Everything is fine. Could I get some ice? Wait, help me down.” With his help I sat on the floor then lifted Ron’s head onto the little remaining lap my belly wasn’t on. I fought to smother my laughter as I patted his cheeks. “Ron, wake up.” 
I should take a picture. I shook my head no. That would be mean. But it would be fun to have something to tease him mercilessly over. Definitely taking a picture. I pulled my smart phone out of my back pocket and took as many pictures as I could from as many angles but quickly stopped when he began to stir. He moaned, his hand reaching up to touch the back of his head. He must have hit it when he kissed the ground. I put my hand over my mouth as I chuckled.
“Here you go miss.” The waiter said handing me an ice bag.
I took the offered bag and pressed it against Ron’s face. He shivered violently moving away from me. “What are you doing?” he grumbled.
“Waking you up. Where does it hurt?”
“Here,” he mumbled turning his head and pointing out the area. I held the bag of ice there.
“Feel better?”
Eyes still closed he said, “Hmm.”
I turned away hoping to hide my amusement from Ron but the way my body was shaking from laughter, there was no point. I then saw William, Morris and Joy rushing quickly to where we were on the floor and the laugh escaped me.
“What happened?” William asked crouching down next to us.
“He went down like jelly. His legs gave out first and the rest of him kind of poured on to the floor,” I answered, laughing until tears flooded my eyes, spilling over.
“Not funny,” Ron grumbled.
“Actually, it is,” Morris countered laughingly.
“Okay, okay.” William began with a diplomatic smile, “What brought on the fainting spell?”
“I didn’t faint,” Ron pushed himself into a sitting position, replacing my hand with his where the ice bag was held to his head, “I got knocked out.”
“By what?”
“I told him I was pregnant with twins,” I confessed and the entire room seemed to descend into complete silence. Yeah, well, what else did I expect?
“Twins?” William echoed, looking at me as if I had suddenly grown a second head.
“Yeah, that’s enough to knock someone out.” Morris mumbled behind me.
“Well I think it’s great,” Joy exclaimed coming to kneel beside me. I smiled at her, thankful for the backup. I realized times like this I didn’t feel the sting of not having my sister with me when she was around. I could swear Kristy sent someone similar to herself to us so we wouldn’t miss her so much. But we still missed her, more so now I believe, with Joy around, but it doesn’t hurt as much. It’s a happy hurt—if anyone can understand that.
“I need to leave.” Ron announced quickly getting up to his feet. He swayed a little but William held him steady. His declaration brought my heart to a stop. He was leaving me again?
“What do you mean you need to leave? You have issues here to handle!” Morris yelled and Joy quickly got to her feet and went to him, holding him back.
I stared up at him. He looked lost, pulling on his tie to loosen it as if he was suffocating. He was going to do another runner. I could see it in his eyes. And all this while everyone yelled around us, I stared at him, held his gaze and received a wave of broken words and emotions begging and apologizing, and only I could hear. I knew I had to let him go. I finally understood why he kept pushing me away every time I got close and yet, always there when I needed him to hold me up when I was too weak to stand on my own. He had his own demons to fight. Demons he covered so well with his eccentric playboy lifestyle. 
“Go.”
“What? Sandra you can’t be serious!” Morris yelled at the top of his voice but I didn’t break eye contact with Ron. Because I knew the moment I did, he would be gone and I still had one more thing to say to him.
“You can go, but you need to understand you won’t be able to run for long. I won’t wait forever either.” Then, I lowered my gaze to the ground. I couldn’t watch him run from me.
*
I sat at the bar, exhausted but too tired to move. It had been a tiring day, both physically and emotionally. Joy had dragged Morris away after Ron left and he’d turned on me demanding to know why I let the yellow belly run from his responsibilities. William stayed back to help finish up decorating the restaurant for tomorrow, so he said, but I knew he just wanted to watch over me. 
Ron, why did I love that haunted idiot so much? After what happened at the cabin, I treated him like he was some long lost friend and not a cheating bastard. I groaned reminding myself he didn’t cheat because we weren’t in a relationship and I was the one who suggested occupying our time with mind blowing sex. Now here I am, alone and pregnant with twins while my baby daddy tried again, to run away from his demons. I just hope that this time when he fails, he’ll let me hold him up like he’d done for me countless of times.
I actually believed I wouldn’t survive after Kristy’s death and when I hit the lowest of lows, he was there. He held me. He let me cry on his expensive shirt until I was dry. Talked and joked with me then thanked me for helping out William. Not having William around to look after had left me with my own grief and I was glad Ron came just at the right moment to remind me Kristy’s life was meant to be celebrated. We shouldn’t let our grief cloud that. Then he’d kissed me. Then we fooled around and right before I took that step of no return I pushed him away. I’d known for a long time I could never have Ron the way I wanted him and making love would make impossible to keep him in the ‘do not touch’ box in my heart. So that very same night I sent him off to London to save his brother from dragon Gloria. He was both relieved and disappointed that I put the brakes on things but I knew he too knew there was no future for us.
Now look at me. I let my grief for Eric cloud my judgment and pushed us both to taking that step. And now we were both lost with two kids bound to be born in this confusion we call our lives.
I watched William slid into the seat next to me, “Would you like me to order you a whiskey?”
I snorted, “Yeah, because I want to add two babies with alcoholic syndrome on top of this huge mess I call my life.”
William wrapped his arm around my shoulders, “He wasn’t always this messed up, I swear.”
I exhaled, crossing my arms on top of the bar counter and laying my head on them facing him, “Yeah? Care to share what has him on the run?”
“You,” he responded with a smile.
I snorted, “I already know that. Besides me, what has him so scared?”
He shook his head, “Scared? My big brother would never admit to being scared. He’s too macho for that.”
“But he did admit to running from something, he just wouldn’t tell me what.”
“Yeah, well I’m not exactly barred with a gag order.”
I sat up, “So you know?”
He exhaled loudly, “I wouldn’t consciously betray my brother’s trust but this avoidance has gone on long enough. Do you know Ron was once engaged to be married?”
Ouch! That went right through the heart, “I know now.”
He cringed, “Sorry. I didn’t mean… anyway, long story short, our father died on his wedding day of a massive heart attack and he for some reason took that as some sign.”
“A sign not to get married?”
Ah hell. I knew their father died but they never shared when he died. So Ron’s wedding turned into a funeral? I too would take that as a sign of something.
He nodded, “And that life is short and he needed to live every moment of it to its fullest.”
“He could have done that with his wife.”
He shook his head, “Nope, not if he didn’t truly love her.”
My next question was going to make both of us very uncomfortable. “What about me? Do you know what his feelings are for me?”
William took my hand in his and squeezed, “I can’t tell you that, but what I can tell you is that what he feels for you is very strong. He’s very fixated on you.”
I snorted, “That’s what you say about an unbalanced stalker.”
He chuckled, “Yeah, when it comes to you he is a little bit of a stalker, of almost ten years. Listen, I wouldn’t in good conscious tell you to wait around for him but…”
“I know. He’s your brother, you love him and you want the best for him.”
He bumped playfully into my shoulder, “You’re my sister and I want the best for you too,” he dropped his hand to my belly, “And what’s best for my nieces or nephews. Sandra, Ron may be a little antsy about settling down in one place—”
“With one woman,” I interjected.
“But, he does care for you and these babies may just be the one thing he needs to make him stop running.”
I knew better than that. Finding out I was pregnant may have brought him back to me but once he found out how many I was expecting, he was out the door faster than I could say go. Thinking about Ron hurt too much, I’d really tried to keep him out of my mind until he decided to show up today. Life was never simple with him. There was always some complication with him.
“So, what about you? Any new love interests in the horizon?”
William pulled away with a sigh, “Each time you ask me that I have the same answer. I already had my great love. Kristy…” he said her name with such reverence, it was quite clear he still worshiped the ground she used to walk on. It hurt that they couldn’t be together. 
“William, Kristy wouldn’t mind if you moved on.”
He looked at me strangely, “Move on? There is no moving on from Kristy. The kind of love I had for her can’t be replaced or duplicated and I have no interest in trying. Kristy was it for me, is it for me.” He turned in his stool to face me, “Listen, it’s not that I’ll feel guilty or feel like I’m betraying Kristy by moving on. Her daughter has been bugging me about dating, and since she knows nothing about that I’m sure Kristy set her up to it, so I know for a fact she would be okay with it.”
I teared up at that. It wasn’t fair William and Kristy were denied their love story and her murderer still got to live. It just isn’t fair.
“Okay, forget a love interest. But William, you are a man, with needs…”
I laughed when his face suddenly went red and he looked away, “Don’t worry about that. I’ve got that covered.”
It was too hard not to tease, “An hour in you’re bathroom with a porn magazine and you’re hand—”
“Hell, Sandra!” he yelled wide eyed cutting me off, “I met someone at a grieving group. She’s a mother of two boys. She lost her great love in Afghanistan. She too needed… companionship and we have… an arrangement.”
I laughed so hard I was sure I was going to pee on myself, “An arrangement? So how many times a week do you meet up in your… private grief sessions? Do you’re kids know about you—each other?”
He fidgeted in his seat, “Don’t make it sound so sordid. We have dinner together like once a month. The boys go to the same school as Kristy. We don’t want to make things awkward for them, so as far as they know we are friends form the same grief group.”
“William, this arrangement, does it make you happy?”
He shrugged, “I’m happy either way with my daughter. I see my wife everyday in my daughter and it doesn’t feel like I completely lost the love of my life. The arrangement with Diana—that’s her name—is more for adult company.”
I nodded a little glad that my baby sister wouldn’t be replaced in his life but William needed a little family support for this arrangement. “Okay, invite her and her boys to the reception tomorrow.”
“Sandra, no…I don’t want her—things will only get mixed up.”
“William, how long have you two been together?”
“Almost two years.”
Two years? Wow! “I understand that Kristy will always be your great love but there is no reason to treat Diana like a sordid little secret. Two years? I bet neither Ron nor Morris know about her,” his silence was all the confirmation I needed. “Treat tomorrow like one of your monthly dinners if it will make you feel better, but—and the guys will agree with me on this—we want to know this woman in little Kristy’s life and her two boys.”
I didn’t have to explain what I meant. We all loved my sister Kristy and her death hit us all very hard. Her namesake daughter was a little version of her and she held a special place in our hearts. She may be William’s daughter but she only came to existence thanks to all our efforts. I found the surrogate and got her inseminated, Morris looked after her, even moved into the apartment next door to her, and Ron took care of all her bills including the medical ones, so yeah, little Kristy belonged to all of us.
William got off his stool and stood next to me, wrapping his arms around me in a hug, “Well, it looks like three people are going to be bumped off our table.”  
Chapter Eight
From my seat at my designated table I watched the party finally come to life after the numerous speeches from both sides of the family and of course the drinks that flowed to bare the boredom. Don’t get me wrong, William’s would be best man speech if Morris and Joy hadn’t eloped was great but unlike my family who had only three people to speak, Joy had twice that number and they all seem to have a lot to say. 
Diana, William’s arrangement-mate was delightful company throughout the reception and I felt assured that my sister’s place in his heart wasn’t threatened. It was clear they liked each other more than William had suggested but in a more, best friends with benefits kind of way. She had the same sad haunted look in her eyes William did when Morris and Joy danced together. They were so in love even I felt envious. If only Ron loved me. Diana’s sons were great too. Declan the younger of the two was the same age as Kristy and in the same grade. Kevin Jr. was two years older and pretty serious about his big brother role, a product of his father’s death. It was clear in the little things he did for Declan. I was the same way with Kristy when our mother died. I didn’t want her to miss having a mother so I tried to fill that gap as much as I could.
Everything about tonight was great. I’d pulled off a great party that everyone was enjoying. Well everyone except me.
I stared at the empty seat next to me, reserved for Ron. I had hoped he would show up. He and Morris were close, like brothers and despite their recent confrontation courtesy of the baby bump I carried, I was sure he wouldn’t miss Morris’ big day for the world. How wrong I was. I should have known better after the runner he pulled yesterday.
“May I have this dance?”
I looked at his extended hand then up at his face. “Ron, you’re here!”
He gave me his lopsided smile, even with the large bruise at the corner of his lips still turned my insides to jelly. 
“Wouldn’t miss it for the world.”
I took his hand and he led me to the dance floor. We slow danced to Beyonce’s song Ave Maria and all I could think about was how his hands on me made me want to hyperventilate. He was here, but for how long? I didn’t look up at his face because I was sure I would see the signs of being trapped and the need to run in his eyes. I just wanted to enjoy the moment, enjoy being in his arms while I was still he because I was sure he would push me away soon, like always.
“Sandra, I’m sorry.”
I chewed on my lower lip hesitantly before I asked, “Sorry for what?”
“For pushing you away and how I push you away.”
I snorted at that. “You mean dangling another woman in my face? Yeah, that’s your own brand of cruel.”
His fingers dug into my back when he pulled me closer. Well as close as my big belly would allow it. The twins were very settled this evening, very unlike them. I wonder how Ron would react if they kicked right this moment. He’d probably run so fast he’d leave behind a whoosh of air.
“I love you Sandra.”
My heart skipped then picked up to a quick pace. I’m sure that’s not healthy for the other two people sharing my body. I have a crazy imagination but I’m sure I couldn’t have imagined his lips moving and those words coming out of his mouth. I took a deep breath and exhaled.
“Ron…” yeah, that’s all my scrambled mind could come up with after that bomb dropped.
“I’m done running Sandra, of being afraid. I’ve been so scared of dying young, buried under family responsibilities and my father’s company and assets like he did. I thought I was living life to the fullest but I was just running from the most important part of it.”
Dear Lord, why was he saying all these things to me while looking at me like I was the best thing since sliced bread? 
“Ron, is this because I’m pregnant? You know I wouldn’t keep you away from the twins. They deserve to have their father and you… Ron how do you feel about the twins? Never once have I asked you about it and please don’t tell me what you think I want to hear. If this change of heart is some sort of misplaced code of eighteenth century English honor we are seriously going to have a problem you and me.”
He chuckled, this eyes crinkling and the bruise on his left side actually looked cute. I was overloaded on hormones if an ugly bruise looked cute just because it was next to a sexy brown eye.
He raised his hand to my cheek and I leaned into the caress. “Ever since we were first introduced I’ve wanted you. When we went on that date, I knew if I made love to you that night I would never let you go. That scared me so when the opportunity to dodge that particular cupid came, I took it.”
“Ron…”
“Sandra, I’m not running anymore and these babies were just the kick in the ass I needed to realize my life is with you. I can’t let the fear of death keep me from living, from loving you. If you will have me Sandra, I would like to spend the rest of the time I have on this earth by your side.”
What? That wasn’t… could it be… I mean… what!
He chuckled, “Yes Sandra. What your mind is having a tough time comprehending is a marriage proposal.”
I needed to be sure he meant it, that he wouldn’t call psych once my heart was completely engaged. “What does the tattoo mean?”
He smiled softly, stroked my cheek and said, “The black rose I never thought I deserved, never once believed I could have to love for the rest of my life. Was afraid I would lose like my brother did his and that’s why I kept her far from me. But I’ve changed my mind about that. What is life if it’s not love full of risks?” 
“I love you,” was all I could get past the laughter and tears after that little speech.
*
Ron and I married soon after that night. It wasn’t a large and lavish wedding deserving of the Stanford first born son according to my new mother-in-law dragon Gloria, but it was what we wanted. Only close friends and family including Diana and her sons were invited. I’m hopeful Ron would be just as decisive when it came to the twins’ education. William let me know Gloria already had schools lined up, in England. I don’t want to live in London but that will all depend on whether or not Ron will need to take an active role at the Stanford Enterprise headquarters. I have my fingers crossed that all he’ll need to do as Chief Executive Officer could be done in the United States. I didn’t want to leave my family.
Diana and her sons had become frequent fixtures in our lives these past few weeks. She’d become a close friend and with Joy we spent a lot of time together. Life was bright and hopeful again. But at the moment I was feeling anything but, with the pains cutting through me.
Something was wrong, something was very wrong. 
Sandra, you need to get to the hospital, now!
“Kristy?” I cried clutching my belly.
“Sandra, what’s wrong?” Joy came round the table to stand beside me. We were out for lunch, taking a break from shopping for the babies. I had a month left before I delivered but at the moment it looked like it was going to happen sooner.
I’m sorry I couldn’t help you with Eric but I’m here now. Everything is going to be okay Sandra, I promise.
Kristy’s face was right in front of me… but wasn’t Joy standing there a few seconds ago? 
“Kristy?”
“Oh God! Someone call an ambulance!”
My vision wavered and I could feel myself slip. “Kristy please, not again. Don’t leave me…” The next pain hit me, sending me straight into darkness.
*
The beeping noise came through my hazy conscious first, then the light feathery touch on my face. My throat felt like I’d swallowed gravel and my lips and tongue were so dry.
“Sandra love, are you awake?”
I went to answer but my throat hurt when I tried to speak. I opened my eyes and stared at Ron. His eyes were swollen and red rimmed. Had he been crying? Why?
He held a cup in his hand and a straw to my lips, “Here drink this.”
I took several sips then spoke, “What happened?”
He set the cup down on the side table then crawled into bed with me. He moved me so that I settled comfortably against him. My stomach felt a little stiff from the movement but didn’t hurt. I ran my hand over my lower belly, it was heavily bandaged. 
“The doctors had to perform a C-section. Worst hour of my life, waiting for you to come out of surgery. You suffered something called Placenta praevia. You were bleeding a lot but Joy and Diana got you to the hospital just in time.”
I rubbed my face against his chest. He was so comfortable. “The twins, how are they?”
Ron didn’t respond, in fact his entire body went rigid and yet I wasn’t frightened.
“Ron, what’s up?”
“You’re calmer than we expected you to be.”
I shrugged, “Kristy warned me right before it happened.”
“Kristy?”
I shifted, looking up at him, “You find that hard to believe, don’t you?”
He exhaled loudly, “Well she still has conversations with her daughter so no, not really. It just scares me to think of what would have happened if she hadn’t, if you hadn’t gotten to the hospital in time.”
I settled back against him, “I’m glad we never get to find out.”
Just then, Kristy ran into the room loudly announcing herself. Morris and William followed each holding a blue bundle in their arms.
“You are a lot calmer than we expected you to be,” William commented with an impressed smile on his face.
“Yeah, we’d figured you’d be freaking out the second you woke up and realized the twins weren’t inside you anymore. When Ron texted you were coming round we stopped by the nursery and kidnapped our two nephews to get them here quick.”
I don’t think I’ve ever smiled so wide before. They were here, they were fine and they were safe. Kristy kept her promise. I had two healthy sons.
“I want to hold them.”
“One at a time,” Ron helped me sit up. I still felt a little weak and stiff but nothing was keeping me from holding my babies. Once I was situated, William placed my son on my arms while Ron took the other from Morris and held him close to me. They were beautiful and didn’t look the least bit alike.
“I can already foresee the trouble these two are going to get in with the ladies,” Morris wiggled his eyebrows making the guys laugh.
But I had this hesitation in my heart. What if they never got that far? What if what happened to Eric happened to them? I swear I wouldn’t survive it!
“Don’t worry Aunt Sandra. Mama says she’s keeping a close watch on them,” she wrinkled her nose, “She says they are going to be exactly like Uncle Ron. I don’t get it, why is that a bad thing?”
The room erupted in laughter. Great, I had two billionaire playboys in my future. I didn’t mind that one bit.
“So what are we going to name them?” Ron asked me. I had no idea.
“It’s the third of May,” Kristy spoke laying along my legs on her belly, her feet swinging back and forth, her eyes glued on the babies.
“Is that supposed to mean something pipsqueak?”
Kristy turned to glare at her Uncle Morris—she hated that nickname considering how tall she is for her age—then turned to face me.
“It’s Saint James and Saint Philip’s day celebrating two of the twelve disciples of Jesus. I think you should name them James and Philip, for good luck.”
“Your mom tell you this?” Ron asked.
She shook her head, “Mama says it would be wise not to name either of them Ronald. Double doomed whatever that means.”
I noticed the look on William’s face. It was that of awe. He always looked at his daughter in that way when she gave us a message from her mother. It was beautiful to see and I guess it reassured him that Kristy hadn’t left him. 
Ron laughed, “I bet she did. Okay James and Philip it is.”
I leaned my head against Ron’s shoulder tired and content. “Everything is going to be alright from now on. I just know it.” 
Ron kissed the top of my head, “No more living in fear, love.”
 I sighed with relief. That was the best news I’d heard in a long time. Thank you Kristy. 
 
 
Thanks for reading Hold On To Me: Love Rekindled I hope you enjoyed the final installment of the Candle Light series. Make sure to read them in order. Broken Reality: Love Reaffirmed is the first book. 

William loses his wife Kristy in a car accident. Plagued with sorrow and pain, for a few months he believes she’s still alive. Trapped between reality and fantasy, he’s the only one who doesn’t realize it. Kristy, unable to watch her love suffer alone, comes back to him. When he acts like she never left, she doesn’t bother to tell him she’s a ghost. Once William is forced to face that Kristy is truly dead, he breaks down and goes on a destructive path. Afraid that he might actually succeed in killing himself, Kristy must come up with a solution to keep him sane. . .and alive.
 
Love Her Right
Jolie Simmons has been dreaming about being Mrs. MacKenzie Masters since she was thirteen. She has been in love with the boy from across the street for years and already has their wedding and their happily ever after planned out. But those plans are derailed two days after her eighteenth birthday when his parents die and Mac leaves to join the air force. Five years later, he’s back to turn her life upside down again. Should she give him a chance, or will he abandon her and break her heart again? 

Because I Love Him
Rafael DeLuca and Talia McKenna fall in love when the Italian business mogul goes to Boston to visit one of his family’s companies’ international offices and she is assigned to be his guide. But Rafe is already engaged and his marriage is also meant to merge his father’s and future father-in-law’s companies. He calls off the wedding and just days later, he finds Talia in bed with his brother.
Months later Rafe is ready to fulfill his obligation by marrying his fiancé and commit to his family responsibility but Talia crushes his wedding. She isn’t ready to let go of him just yet.  
About the Author
I’m the last of my mom’s three girls and I’m also a twin (she is an author too). It’s a lot of fun playing tricks on people with my twin sister. We did so a lot when we were younger but not so much now. We were raised by my mother and we owe her so much and try to make her proud every single day.
 I love to eat, mostly cake- red velvet and chocolate cakes (yum!) and burgers (wow!). You know the saying ‘a moment with your lips a life time with your hips’ thanks to my mother’s great genes I don’t have to worry much about gaining too much weight.
I would rather curl up on the couch with a book than go out which also means I’m not into the night life. My pajamas are my best friend because they are so comfortable and only dress up when I go out if there is a good chance I’ll meet a hot guy! 
Connect with me either on my Facebook page- Christina OW or my Twitter @Christina_OW and BookBub

