HOME IN INDIANA

by
Meredith Rae Morgan

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012  Meredith Morgan
All Rights Reserved

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Author's Note: This is a work of fiction. The characters, events and circumstances depicted here are imaginary. 
Chapter 1
The Ohio River ran high, muddy and full of debris. Amanda Krueger wrapped her scarf tighter around her face and told herself she was an idiot for being outside in the cold when she could be inside the warm kitchen drinking coffee with her dad. The problem was she was sick of listening to his muttering over the newspaper every morning of his life. The river had always nurtured her. The roiling current filled her with a sense of power and the lapping of the water on the banks calmed her spirit. Regardless of the weather, she craved the balm of the river, which was her inspiration, her refuge and her soul’s true home.
She was cold and she knew that if she dallied any longer she risked being late for work, so took off across the frozen corn rows with their tangled remnants of stalks as fast as she could go in galoshes and with the wind whipping her coat. She rushed into the house, leaving her boots and parka in the mud room. She didn't slow down as she called “good morning” to her father, who was sitting at the kitchen table, drinking a cup of coffee and scowling at the newspaper. Ten minutes later, she was dressed and ready for work. She poured a cup of coffee in her go-cup, kissed her dad on the top of his head and said, “I made a pot of bean soup for supper. It's in the crock pot container in the fridge. Would you mind turning on the pot when you come home for lunch?”
“Not a problem. You make any cornbread to go with it?”
“No. I'll pick up some at the bakery.”
“You don't need to do that. I brought home some leftover cornbread from the church supper yesterday. It's in foil in the fridge. That ought to be enough for us.”
“That sounds good. See you tonight, Dad.”
She arrived promptly at nine o’clock, but there were already two people waiting on the stoop of the library. Mr. Arthur was waiting patiently, as always, but the woman looked irritated. Amanda said, “The library doesn't open until nine. It's too cold to be standing out here like this.” Mr. Arthur, who beat her to the library every day, ignored her as usual. The woman stamped her feet to emphasize that she was cold. As soon as Amanda opened the door, Mr. Arthur headed straight for the magazine and newspaper area. Amanda called after him, “I'll bring you the weekend papers and today's paper in a minute.”
He took off his coat and flipped through a magazine while waiting for her to bring him the current papers. In the three years since his wife died, he spent the better part of every day in the library. He talked to his friends as they stopped by to peruse the papers. In between visitors, after finishing the daily newspaper, he mostly leafed through magazines. On the rare occasions when the library was busy, Mr. Arthur sometimes helped out at the counter, checking out books while Amanda answered questions and helped school children with research projects. Amanda wasn't supposed to know it, but he was one of the most significant donors to the Friends of the Library. He didn't give a lot of money, but he gave more than anybody else, and had contributed at least something to the library every year for more than fifty years. He said very little, but Amanda liked having him around.
The other person waiting for her was Mrs. Benedict, the Baptist preacher's wife. Amanda knew who she was but had never officially met her. She said, “Ma'am, I'll be right with you. Let me get the papers out and I'll be right back.”
She could tell by the woman's posture that she was not happy about being kept waiting. Amanda thought that was just too bad. Mr. Arthur was both a supporter and a regular patron of the library. Mrs. Benedict had never set foot in the library before. Amanda didn't care if she was a preacher's wife who was used to having people kiss her ass. The library was Amanda's turf and she was anything but an ass kisser.
Amanda unwrapped the papers, and took them to the reading room where she started to remove last week's papers from the wooden racks. Mr. Arthur stood up and took the rack out of her hand, saying softly, “I'll do that. Go deal with Mrs. B. She don't like to be kept waiting.”
“So it would appear. Are you sure you don't mind?”
“Actually, I'm going to read the paper before I put it on the rack. I despise those infernal things.”
Amanda smiled. “Then you just got yourself a regular job, Mr. Arthur. I'll let you read the papers first and then you can put them on the racks. Half the time I rip the derned thing trying to get it on the holder.”
She walked back to the checkout desk where Mrs. Benedict was drumming her perfectly manicured nails on the counter. Amanda smiled and pretended not to notice the woman's impatience. “How may I help you, Mrs. Benedict?”
The woman glanced at her watch, “I stopped by to ask if I could put up a poster on the bulletin board. Our church is hosting a public meeting on Wednesday to discuss what we should do about the possibility of somebody building a casino in Washburn.”
Amanda put her hand up to her mouth and widened her eyes. “Who wants to build a casino here?”
“Nobody yet, but ever since the legislature passed the bill allowing it, we understand there are developers nosing around all along the river looking for good spots. Some people we talked to said that Washburn may be a good candidate because we're close enough to Evansville and Louisville to draw good crowds, but we're rural enough to have plenty of land to build on.”
Amanda said, “That would be just awful!”
“I agree. That's why we want to have this meeting now. So people in the town can be ready for whatever may happen. You know if those developers show up, they'll be waving lots of money around. It's hard for people to turn away money, especially in hard times.”
Amanda asked, “Have you seen any of the towns in eastern Indiana where they have built casinos?”
“No. I haven't been over that way lately.”
“I had to go to Cincinnati for a seminar about six months ago. I drove over on U. S. 50. It's a disgrace what has happened to some of our beautiful little river towns.” She stopped herself before she launched a rant, mainly because she was afraid she’d swear and she was pretty sure that wouldn’t go over big with Mrs. Benedict. “Yes, ma'am, you can put up your sign. When's the meeting? I'd like to attend if it's open to the public, and if you promise there won't be any preaching.”
The woman leaned her head back and looked at Amanda down her long nose, “It is, in fact, open to the public. I don't promise that there won't be people who get up on their soap box, but it's a political meeting not a religious service. You got something against preaching?”
Amanda smiled, “I have nothing against preaching, provided I don't have to listen to it.”
“You don't go to church?”
“No, ma'am, but I will make an exception for this meeting because I don't want to see our town overrun by development, especially not a gambling casino.”
“We'll look forward to seeing you. I'll be praying for your soul.”
“Thank you, ma'am. I’d appreciate it. I may not care for preaching, but I’ll take all the prayers I can get.”
The woman went out to the foyer to hang her poster.
Mr. Arthur walked up to the desk and handed Amanda three papers from the previous week. He said, “You know you laid down a challenge to her. She's gonna have to see you saved now.”
“Me and my big mouth.” She put the newspapers in the archive box and turned back to him, “Do you think they'll try to build a casino here?”
He pursed his lips and scratched his almost bald head. “It seems like it would be a pretty good place for them to look at anyway. Close enough to some populated areas to draw customers, but plenty of farmland to plow under and build parking lots on.” 
They heard Mrs. Benedict leave and walked out to the foyer to look at the poster. Mr. Arthur pulled his glasses from their perch on top of his head and put them on, squinting to read the sign. “I s'pect I'll attend that meeting, too.” He laughed, “I think you and me are the most infamous heathens in town. The building might go up in flames if we both walk into a church at the same time.”
She laughed, “I didn't know you were a heathen. Or me, either, for that matter.”
“Around here, if you don't go to some kind of church at least on Christmas and Easter, you're a heathen. And, honey, you just issued a challenge to the head of the Baptist Sunday School. I do not envy you.”
“How do you keep the missionaries at bay?”
“Time. They gave up on me a long time ago. You're still fresh meat. They'll be after you for years.”
“Lovely.”
He went back to the reading room, and she attended to the mail that had come in on Saturday.
It was a Monday during the school term, which meant there were few patrons in the morning. The regular newspaper readers stopped by. Most of them visited with Mr. Arthur for a while. Amanda re-shelved the books from over the weekend, straightened the display tables, and cleaned up the conference room, which had been left a mess by a Republican party committee that had met over the weekend.
She had tidied the room completely by early afternoon, at which point she spent some time doing research on the Internet regarding the companies that were building riverboat casinos. For the most part the research appeared to be relatively inconclusive about the impact of gambling on communities. The things that bothered her the most about the potential casinos – such as the loss of wildlife habitat, loss of farm land, additional traffic and subtle changes in the fabric of the community – typically were not addressed. Amanda didn't care what the research said about the impact of casinos on the wider community. She was pretty sure that the best place in the area to build a riverboat casino, with its accompanying parking lot, would be on or near the Krueger farm. She shut down the computer with an unnecessarily hard plunk and whispered through gritted teeth, “Over my dead body.”
At four forty-five, the volunteer who was working the evening shift arrived. Amanda made one last pass through the library, picking up trash and lost items, refiling books and chatting with the patrons, most of whom were high school students doing homework and flirting with one another. She returned to her office to retrieve her purse and lunch bag. Uncharacteristically for her, she bolted a few minutes before five.
When she got home, her dad was drinking coffee at the table, in almost exactly the same position she had left him in that morning. Instead of reading the newspaper, he was reading American Farmer.
He looked up, “Hey, there. I put the soup in the pot on low. It's not hot yet. How was your day?”
“Interesting. How was yours? Did you even move?”
“My day was the same as always this time of year. Too cold to work in the fields, so I spent most of the day reading the news and worrying myself into a frazzle. Then I went over to the gas station and hung out with the guys. I worked on a couple of cars while I was there.”
She patted his shoulder. “I think the winters wear on both of us for different reasons.”
He lay down his magazine and said, “You know sometimes I think the smartest thing I could do would be to sell the farm and move to Arizona or someplace.”
“I wish you hadn't said that.”
“Why”
“Because I found out today that there may be some developers nosing around here to see about building a casino on the river. From my reading, I think the best spot in the whole town for a casino is on our property. You may get an offer for the farm sooner than you expected.
“I'll tell you now, if you even consider selling out I'll fight you on it. In fact, I'm going to a meeting next Wednesday at the Baptist church to discuss what the community can do to oppose this kind of development.”
He reared back his head and laughed like he hadn't done in a long time. He said, “I think I'll go with you, if for no other reason than to see if you get struck by lightning walking into a church.” She made a face and swatted at him with a dish towel. He added, “I'll also attend because there's no way in hell I'll sit still for this a casino to be built in this town. I don't care how much money they offer me for my land, I won't sell to developers. I'd rather sit here and freeze my ass off during the winters and worry about spring flooding than sell to an outfit that would turn my land into a parking lot.”
He looked at his daughter and asked, “Have you been to any of the casinos in eastern Indiana?”
“I drove by them a few months ago when I went to Cincinnati for that library conference. I ate breakfast in Lawrenceburg on my way home. By the time I got past Aurora, I was ready to do violence of some kind.
“Do you mean it about going with me to the meeting?”
“Damn right, I do. My grandparents bought this farm a few years after they emigrated from Germany. My father was born in the room upstairs, so was I, and so were you. I may mutter and grumble about the cold and the flooding, but this is not only our home, it's our heritage. Our family has been part of this town for four generations. I figure we should have a say in its future.”
He closed his magazine and stood up, adding, “A future that won't hold gambling if I've got anything to say about it.”
Amanda smiled at him and said, “I'm glad you feel that way. I turned up the crock pot, but it's still going to be a while until it's hot.”
“That's okay. I think I'll take a little nap before dinner. You think it'll be ready around seven?”
“Absolutely.”
As he went down the hall towards his room, Amanda noticed that he walked more slowly than ever before and he seemed to be favoring his left knee. It was the first time it dawned on her that her father was getting old. That was one more thing to put on her worry pile.
She threw a load of laundry into the washer and looked around for something to clean. The house, however, was immaculate, and she had a hour and a half with nothing to do. She smiled at the thought, stretched, and went into the parlor. She picked up her e-reader from the coffee table and stretched out on the sofa, with her feet sticking out over one arm and her head resting on the other. When she heard her father moving around in his room an hour later, she went into the kitchen to stir the soup and put the cornbread in the toaster oven to warm.
When he walked into the kitchen she asked, “You want me to put on a pot of coffee?”
“Nah. I can't drink coffee in the evenings any more. Gives me heartburn.”
“What do you want to drink?”
“A glass of buttermilk.”
She made a nasty face. “Who drinks that stuff?”
“I do.”
On Tuesday, the second grade classes from the elementary school visited the library. That had been an annual field trip for the second grade for decades. It provided an introduction to the library for kids whose families didn't read and gave the kids an opportunity to sign up for their own library cards. Amanda gave a little talk explaining in general about the Dewey decimal system and showing the kids a diagram of how the library was organized. As had been the case for several recent years, the kids were most interested in the computers and videos. Hardly any of them browsed the book shelves.
Amanda and three of the teachers stood near the front desk watching the kids. The older teacher whispered to Amanda, “Not one of them has picked up a book.”
Mrs. Thomas had been Amanda's second grade teacher. She was one of the last of her kind: an old fashioned, no-nonsense schoolteacher who revered books above all things, with good penmanship a very close second. 
Amanda smiled, “I tell myself they read online, but when I walk by the computers, mostly they're playing games or surfing aimlessly.”
The other two teachers were talking to one another. Mrs. Thomas looked at them with a sour expression. Amanda gave her a quizzical look and she leaned closer to Amanda. “They're no better than the kids. All they care about is make-up, hair-dos and dating. I don't think either of them has picked up a book to read since they graduated from college.”
Amanda shook her head and wrinkled her nose. “I changed my major from elementary education to library science the semester my literature class syllabus listed Charlotte's Web and Black Beauty on the reading list. I figured that teachers should read adult literature even if they'd ultimately be using YA books in the classroom. When I spoke to my adviser about the change in my major, I told her that I'd already read all the books on the syllabus and was more interested in reading adult classics. I thought she was going to faint.”
Mrs. Thomas said, “I think you'd have made a very good teacher.”
Amanda shook her head, “I don't think so. For one thing, I don't have the patience to try to teach something to someone who doesn't want to learn it. Kids come in here all the time with research projects. I sometimes spend hours helping with research for students who are curious and interested in learning the process of research or just interested in the topic of their paper. More often kids come in with a chip on their shoulder and want me to do their research for them. My standard response to that is that they have to figure it out for themselves.”
Mrs. Thomas laughed. “The teachers can tell which students you've helped with their research. They generally get A's, by the way. Thanks to you.”
“I'm an old-fashioned librarian and book-lover. I'll spend hours researching something that strikes my fancy, and I'll go to extreme lengths to help patrons with thorny research issues, but only if they don't take advantage of me.”
“Somebody told me that you do research for a reporter from the Louisville paper.”
“I do occasionally. She's a friend from college. She's a really good writer and interviewer, but she sucks at research. She pays me to help with preliminary background research at the beginning of a project and then fact-checking at the end. I love to do research. I have the time and I work in a library, so I have the resources at hand. It's a little extra income. It's win-win.”
Mrs. Thomas looked at Amanda and asked, “Why do you still live here? You are smart and pretty. I'd have thought you'd move to a city somewhere like most of the other young people do after they graduate.”
Amanda looked at the kids, rather hoping she'd find someone misbehaving so she could avoid answering. Unfortunately, all the kids were focused on the computers, and quietly playing games. She shook her head, “I lived in Indianapolis for a couple of years after I graduated from college, I liked my job but I got homesick. This is my home. I was born and grew up on the banks of the river. You'll think it's silly, but I have a real emotional need to stand beside the river at least a little while almost every day. I don't want to live anyplace else.”
“You don't want to make more money or get married?”
Amanda wanted to deck the nosy witch. Instead, she answered evenly, “I guess I always figured that if I was meant to be married, it would have be to another river rat. I'd be more likely to find that person here than anywhere. As for making more money, it's my belief that the more money you make, the more money you spend. Besides, I live with my dad in a house that's been paid off for a couple of generations. If I moved to the city, I'd have to pay rent. Dad and I are very frugal. We don't earn much, but we don't need much money to maintain our standard of living. We manage to pay our bills and still add a little every year to our savings. I guess my needs are simple.”
Mrs. Thomas shook her head, “You are kind of a throwback to a past generation. I haven't heard a young person say anything like that in …. Ever!”
Amanda laughed. She was still incensed that the old bat had the nerve to ask her such personal questions, but she rather enjoyed having the opportunity to bring the woman up short. She had never really expressed her situation quite so succinctly even to herself, and she realized that in 21st Century America, her lifestyle was anomalous enough to be considered weird.
Mrs. Thomas must have been thinking along the same lines. “You should run for Congress. They need you there.”
Amanda laughed out loud, for the first time ever in the library. The kids all looked up and about half of them put their fingers to their lips and said, “Shh.”
Fortunately, the phone rang in her office and she was able to avoid laughing even harder, which would not do well to maintain the 'mean librarian' image that she generally projected to schoolchildren. She kept herself occupied in her office to avoid further conversation with Mrs. Thomas.
On Wednesday morning, as Amanda was leaving for work, she said, “Since we are going to that meeting at the Baptist Church tonight, what do you say we just have sandwiches for supper?”
“You don't trust me to have the soup hot?”
“There are a couple of different kinds of soup in the freezer. If you can get it thawed and heated, fine. If not, it'll be grilled cheese.”
“That would go good with a can of tomato soup.”
“You know I don't buy canned soup. There are some containers of home-made tomato soup in the deep freezer.”
“You know you get more like your mother every year.”
“Coming from you, I take that for a compliment.”
“I was actually referring to the stubborn and opinionated aspects of your personality.”
“I still take that for a compliment because it means that I'm a strong woman with standards.”
He laughed, “Go to work. I can heat up soup. We should probably leave early. From what I hear that meeting may be pretty crowded.”
“How do you hear stuff? You never leave the farm.”
“I go to the gas station. And I have a phone.”
“So you're telling me that the gas station is now gossip central since the old barbershop closed.”
“Yeah. The little gas station in town, not the big one out by the highway.”
She laughed, “Thanks for filling me in on that. I wondered where men who don't drink get their news in the absence of a barbershop.”
“There's church, too. I load up with gossip on Sundays.”
Amanda shook her head. “I agree with you about the meeting drawing a crowd. Everybody I talked to yesterday is planning to be there.”
The soup was hot and her dad was already showered and dressed when she walked in the door at 5:30. She raised her eyebrows and said, “I betcha five bucks you'll be the only man at the meeting wearing a suit and tie.”
“You're probably right. This is important and I want people to understand that. People know I only wear my suit to funerals. If we don't play this right, it's going to be the death of our town as we know it.”
She sighed wishing she could think that he was being overly dramatic. Unfortunately, she agreed with him. “The problem is that there are a lot of people around here who would like nothing better than to put a few nails in the coffin of the town as we have know it.”
“Right. Which is why we are in for a bitter fight.”
They ate in silence, and then Amanda went down the hall to change her clothes. When she came back into the kitchen, her father was putting away the last of the dishes.
“You washed the dishes?”
“You think I don't know how to wash a dish? Who do you think did the dishes when you were away at college?”
“I guess I never thought about that at the time. You haven't washed a dish since I've been back home.” She paused, “Thank you for doing it tonight.”
“Come on. Let's go. I want to get a good seat.”
There were already cars in the parking lot when they arrived at 6:30. Amanda's father parked his truck and put his head on the steering wheel for a minute.
Amanda said, “Are you praying?”
“No. Trying not to cry.”
“About what?”
He took a long, jagged breath and said, “About the fact that we're probably going to lose this battle. You know that, don't you?”
She looked at him, and fought back the urge to cry herself, “Yeah, I know. But, we have to try.”
“Sweetheart, you have just joined the ranks of old farts trying to stop progress. Welcome to the club.”
“It's not bad enough that I'm an old maid librarian, now I've morphed into an all-out crank.”
He chuckled, “Well, maybe not totally. Not yet, anyway. Stick with me and you'll get there soon enough.”
They got out of the car and walked into the church. He said, under his breath. “You go in first. I want to stay clear of the brimstone.”
She took his arm and said, “If I go down, you're going down with me.”
He said, “I'm a good Christian. You stick with me and you'll be okay.”
Amanda was a little afraid that he meant that.
The under croft of the church was half full already and people were streaming in at all entrances. The pastor of Marvin Krueger's church came up to him and shook his hand, greeting Amanda as well. “Looks like Easter Sunday in here.”
Marvin laughed and said, “Yep. Hopefully, everybody will be as cheerful going out as they are coming in.”
They found a seat at the end of the front row. Amanda leaned over to her dad and asked, “Why are we in the front row?”
“Because I always sit in the front row at church.”
“Why?”
“So I can pay attention and not be distracted.”
“Why do I not believe you?”
“How about because I'm losing my hearing and I can't hear if I sit in the back.”
“Okay. I'll buy that. You had your hearing checked?”
“I don't need to have my hearing checked. I know I can't hear worth beans anymore.”
“How about checking into hearing aids.”
“Do you know how much hearing aids cost?”
“No.”
“I went to WalMart and got an estimate. With tax and everything it would be about $5000 for hearing aids that might only last a couple of years. I'm not going down that road. People will just have to talk louder around me.”
She chuckled, and decided to save that argument for another day.
Reverend Benedict opened the meeting with a prayer that annoyed Amanda because it was actually a small anti-gambling sermon couched as a prayer. Eventually, the introductions were over and the pastor turned the meeting over to the mayor.
He said, “Okay, we're not going to beat around the bush here. Everybody knows that several different companies have been scouting riverfront property to build casinos all along the river. Washburn is one of the sites that is supposedly under serious consideration by at least two casino developers that we know of. As far as we know, no offers have been made on any property. None of the developers has contacted the city. But, the traffic to the online county property records has been off the charts. Somebody is looking at riverfront property all along the Indiana side of the Ohio River. They are focusing on large tracts with direct river access. Our purpose tonight is to test the community's response to the idea of a casino in our town. At this point, we're just going to talk. We're not going to take any votes or make any resolutions. The city council wants to poll your opinions.
“We have two mikes set up here. To keep things moving, we'll alternate between the two. Each person will have three minutes.”
There was some scrambling around as people lined up to access the aisles. Predictably, given the makeup of the crowd, a few people spoke against allowing casinos in the community on moral grounds. A surprisingly large number of especially young people spoke in favor welcoming the development for reasons of job creation. One young woman said, “My family has lived in this town for five generations, but I may have to move away because there are no jobs here. I graduated from college nine months ago with a degree in finance. I'm working as a waitress at the diner in the truck stop. A casino would bring in a lot of jobs, not just for the people who work directly at the casinos. Most casinos also build hotels. Other hotels and restaurants tend to be built nearby. That will create construction jobs to build them and all kind of jobs for people to run them. I think we should actively invite a casino company to look at Washburn, and offer them tax incentives to do so.” There were a lot of murmurs in agreement.
No one was overly emotional, and everyone was polite about their disagreements.
Near the end of the meeting, when the lines had dwindled, Amanda was surprised to see her father stand up and approach the mike. He looked around for a minute and cleared his throat a couple of times. No one had ever known him to say a word at a public meeting, although he was not shy about offering his opinions in great detail privately at home or among friends at the gas station. 
He said, “I think it stands to reason that my land is a prime location for a casino. I have 300 acres with a quarter mile of direct riverfront access, at a very wide and beautiful part of the river. I spent some time today looking at the property appraiser's maps. I don't see how they could build a casino in Washburn (or at least not a big one) without my land.
“I have no particular moral qualms about gambling. From what I've read the towns that have brought in gaming have not suffered any real deterioration. Traffic gets worse, but other than that it seems profitable for the cities and it does create jobs. I'd argue that they're not particularly good jobs, but that's open to debate.
“I'm the third generation in my family who's farmed my land. My daughter walks down to the river at least once every day, in all kinds of weather. The river nurtures and feeds us spiritually, our land is our home and our livelihood. I want everybody to know this now, especially the people who are going to push hard to get a casino built here: if you want a casino in this area you're going to have to figure out how to do it without my property because I don't care how much money they might offer me, I'm not selling. Period.”
He cleared his throat again and croaked, “Thank you for listening.”
Then he returned to his seat. Amanda could see that his hands were shaking. She reached over and squeezed one of them. He kept his eyes on the floor at this feet. Amanda had a good idea of what it had cost her ordinarily shy father to make such a speech in front of a crowd. She squeezed his hand again and held it until it quit quivering. 
There were a few more speakers, but the crowd had run out of gas.
The mayor thanked everyone for their participation. Pastor Benedict invited people to stick around for coffee and cookies. Most of the people who moved toward the refreshment tables were members of the congregation. Most of the others headed for their cars. The freezing temperature outside prevented any sustained parking lot conversation.
They were half way home before Marvin spoke again. “I hope you are okay with what I said. I'm pretty sure that we're going to get some very large offers for our land. Offers that would be enough to set you up for a very comfortable life. Once they find another place to build, those offers will never come along again. A part of me feels guilty about the fact that one of the things I feel like I'm doing here is cutting off a large opportunity for you. But, I don't want to live anyplace else. I don't want to drive by and see neon signs advertising slot machine jackpots where the mailbox is now.”
She held up her hand in a stop sign and said, “I am totally with you, Dad. We have some money saved. I have a decent job. We can pay the taxes and the electric bill. I don't need millions. I do need to visit the river every day. The sad thing about those casinos is they take up prime riverfront property, but most of them don't even have any windows looking out.”
He nodded. Amanda went on, “I have to tell you this. I'd never thought much about it until this week, but I don't plan to farm the land after you're no longer able to do it, and there seem to be fewer and fewer small farms. There is one kind of offer I'd be willing to consider. I wouldn't sell the house or the direct riverfront property right in front of it, but if someone came along and wanted to build a marina or a campground or a restaurant on the other end of the property, I'd like us to consider it. You're not getting any younger and you're not going to be able to get out there and plow all that land yourself any more. Last year it cost you a lot to hire people to do it. I'd consider selling part of the land to someone who would use it in a way for people to enjoy the river. I'm with you, however, about not selling it to a casino.”
Marvin chewed on the inside of his cheek and nodded ever so slightly. “I think I'd consider something like that, too. I'm not anti-progress. I'd be okay with development that would enhance the community's enjoyment of the river.”
He smiled for the first time all evening, and said, “Well, I guess we're in agreement. I appreciate that. I really do. I'm afraid that there may be some folks around here who will not take too kindly to our position on the subject.”
She nodded and sighed. “I think you're right about that.”
Chapter 2
The next morning Mr. Arthur was waiting for Amanda when she arrived at the library. She laughed and said, “I should give you a key to the building. I hate making you wait out here in the cold.”
He said, “I know you don't get here till nine. I just got nothing else to do and I get antsy sitting around at the house.”
She unlocked the door and he followed her in, carrying the day's papers. She said, “I didn't see you at the meeting last night.”
“I was there. I got stuck way in the back because I was running a little late. My daughter called me at supper time and I couldn't get her off the phone.”
“What was the buzz in the back of the room?”
“It was actually not what I expected. I really thought the crowd would be more opposed to development than it was. It seems to me that most of the people who were against the casinos were sitting up front. Most of the folks around me were in favor of it, but none of them got up to speak.”
“I'm guessing they didn't like what they heard from my dad.”
“No, they didn't.”
“How about you?”
He laughed, “I'm an old fart native like your dad. Frankly, I wanted to stand up and cheer when he got done talking because I agree that your land would be the best possible spot for a casino. If Marvin refuses to sell, they might try someplace else.”
“I'm afraid it won't be quite that easy, but even if they do build anything here, without our land it would probably have to be a much smaller casino or further away from town.”
“You're going to get some push-back from the business community and maybe a lot of residents. The point about there being no jobs in this town is very important. This community cannot sustain itself without bringing in some new jobs. People are selling their farms, or losing them to the banks. We can't survive as a farming community. The town needs some kind of job base. The young people who are worth a damn go away to college and don’t come back.”
Amanda nodded and bounced a pencil on the desk. “The town council should be focusing on bringing in some light manufacturing, or maybe high tech businesses instead of the 'easy money' of gambling.”
“Yes but have you ever known politicians to take anything but the easy route especially if it means short-term financial gain that might get them re-elected?”
She shrugged and said, “I have to confess, I've never paid much attention to politics, especially local politics.”
“I suggest you start paying close attention, Miss Krueger. Last night, your father laid down a challenge to the political clique that runs this town. I'm guessing they're not going to take that lying down.”
She smiled, “Yeah, but what can they do? We own the farm free and clear, and the taxes are paid.”
“That gives you a lot of leverage, but I think they could get creative and think of a lot of things they could do to put pressure on your dad.”
She laughed out loud at that. “I don't know how well you know my dad, but I'm here to tell you that applying pressure on him is a totally counter-productive endeavor.”
It was his turn to laugh, “I'm guessing this could get interesting.”
He took the papers to the reading room while she walked through the library straightening chairs and picking up books, trash and a few sweaters and notebooks for the lost and found bin. The volunteers who worked the evening shift were supposed to clean up before they left but they rarely did. The general attitude among the volunteers was that Amanda was being paid, so she could clean up and re-shelve books in the morning. It annoyed her, but she didn't complain. The library Board of Directors was made up of volunteers, and they tended to see things similarly. She was just grateful that they had enough volunteers to staff the library in the evenings and weekends so she could work a straight forty hour work week. She only occasionally had to work an evening or weekend, usually around the holidays when many volunteers were busy or traveling.  
She returned to the desk with several items for the lost and found and a huge cart of books to shelve. Within a half an hour the room was back to ship-shape. Mr. Arthur brought her the old papers he'd removed from the racks and said he'd see her in the morning. She put the papers in the archive box and went into her office to check on new titles.
The part of her job she loved the most was buying new books. The library Board had allocated a small monthly budget for new titles. Amanda received daily emails from dozens of publishers announcing new books. She tagged things she thought would be interesting and saved them up during the course of the month. At the end of the month she went through her list and purchased as many books as her budget would allow. 
She kept careful records of what books were checked out, so she knew the reading tastes of the community intimately. She grinned to herself at the knowledge that since the library had digitized its checkout procedures, she could tell with a few clicks who was checking out what. She typically avoided looking up the names of individuals, but the information was readily available. Even before they digitized the process, she knew who checked out what kinds of books because it was a small town and the avid readers were few in number. She often acquired new books with specific readers in mind, and then called to tell them she had something new they might like. It was an added service she provided, and her regulars appreciated it. (Except when hot new titles arrived that more than one person wanted to read. There were occasional squabbles about who should get to read new books first.)
That morning she spent an hour or so browsing new listings, but didn't see anything that she thought would be worth the expenditure.
About eleven, a member of the town council came in and stopped at the desk. She came out of her office, greeted him politely and asking what she could do for him.
He said, “I won't beat around the bush. I want to know if you agree with what your father said last night at the meeting.”
“Yes, sir. I wholeheartedly support his position. That land has been in our family for generations. Neither Dad nor I plan to ever live anyplace else. The farm is not for sale.”
“Do you realize how selfish that is going to sound to a lot of people?”
“Do they realize how short-sighted and greedy they sound to some people?” She held up both hands in a gesture of surrender, “Look. I'm not unsympathetic to the plight of people who need jobs. I happen to be one of the few lucky local kids who found a job here when I moved back to town after college. I'll be honest and tell you that they don't pay me enough here to actually live on. If I didn't live at home with my father rent free, I probably would have had to move to Louisville or Indianapolis. 
“I know people are struggling, and I'm not opposed to progress. I'd love to see some new businesses come into the area. I'm not opposed to gambling on moral grounds or anything, but I believe there could be other ways to attract jobs to our community. The town should explore some of them.
“The thing I object to about casinos are the buildings themselves. Have you ever seen those gambling facilities? They are so garish and hideous. Whatever else they may do (for good or ill) in a community, I think they're a visual blight on the neighborhood wherever they are located. Maybe they don't have to be so big or so bright. I'd be willing to compromise, but I would not want our community to be the site of one of those ugly monstrosities, surrounded by acres of blacktopped parking lots covering good bottom land.
“Dad and I are totally aligned in our unwillingness to sell our farm to a casino developer. That is not negotiable.”
“I'm sorry you feel that way.”
“I do feel that way, and I don't see my feelings changing any time soon.”
He looked as though he wanted to argue, but she said, “If there's nothing else you need, I'm going to excuse myself and go back to work.”
He turned on his heel and left without saying good-bye. She went back into her office, sat down and put her head in her hands for a few minutes while a vortex of conflicting emotions swirled around her heart, in ever tightening circles.
She was still sitting in that position when Mrs. Benedict walked up to the desk. She saw Amanda looking miserable, walked behind the counter and into Amanda's office. “Are you alright, Miss Krueger?”
Amanda looked up as if she were waking from a nightmare and mumbled, “Yes, ma'am. I'm okay. I just had a bit of an altercation with a man from the town council. I'm not a particularly confrontational person, and so it set me off a bit. Can I help you with something?”
The woman looked at her as though she didn't believe what Amanda had said about not liking confrontation, but recovered quickly. “Actually, I was in the neighborhood and I stopped by to thank you and your father for attending the meeting last night. We appreciate your support of the anti-gambling position.”
Amanda's eyes went round and she shook her head, “To be clear, neither Dad nor I are opposed to gambling on moral grounds. Well, I'm not, anyway. I don't know how Dad feels about professional gambling, but I know he plays penny poker regularly with his friends. My personal aversion to the prospect of a casino involves visual appearance of the casinos I've seen. They are gaudy and tacky. I would not want to have a casino in our town unless zoning laws were carefully written to avoid having the area look like a landing strip at the airport.
“We don't want to sell the farm because it is our home and we love living there.”
The woman looked annoyed but said, “Regardless of your reasons, we appreciate your support. I think we're going to need all the help we can get because there is more public sentiment in favor of gaming than we had expected.”
“I had that impression, too. Mr. Arthur confirmed it. He was sitting in the back and said that most of the people around him favored bringing in a casino.”
“I am terribly worried about that. It could have a terrible impact on the entire community.”
Amanda shrugged, “The research on that subject is conflicting. Gambling supposedly does not bring with it the crime and corruption that many people fear. That's what some of the research indicates, anyway. I'm not finished checking out who paid for some of that research, so I'm not sure how heavily we could rely on it. In any case, the long term impact on the economic health or the crime rate in a community as a whole does not appear to be that bad. However, I'm literally looking at this as a 'not in my backyard' nuisance. It would be nice to have more jobs and better paying jobs in the area, but I don't want to deal with the traffic and all that neon.” She shuddered and added, “I don't care what the research says, plowing under cornfields to build parking lots for people to visit casinos to gamble away the milk money doesn't seem like a good thing to me – for anybody concerned.”
Mrs. Benedict said, “We are forming a political action committee and we'd like you to participate.”
Amanda shook her head. “I'll mention it to Dad. He has occasionally been involved in politics. I'm not political at all.”
“You vote, don't you?”
Amanda laughed. “I go to the polls and stand there looking at the ballot. For national and state elections, I pick the least of the evils presented. For local elections I look at the candidates, consider what I know about the people and nine times out of ten, I don't vote for either one of them. Sometimes knowing too much about the candidates is not a good thing.” She laughed and made what she hoped was a goofy face. Mrs. Benedict did not seem amused. Amanda wanted to smack the self-righteousness off the woman's face.
“Well, if you won't help us, perhaps your father will.”
“I'll mention it to him.”
The woman turned to go. Amanda stopped her and said, “I want to tell you that generally the library Board of Directors includes representatives from the larger churches in the community. Typically it's either the minister or one of the elders of the church. We haven't had a representative from First Baptist since Rev. Benedict was called to be the minister. I'd like to pass on an invitation to Rev. Benedict or one of your elders to consider joining the Board. We have several openings.”
Mrs. Benedict took a deep breath and stood up very straight. She was not a tall woman, but she had an imposing bearing that made her appear larger than she was. “My husband prefers that church members read only the books in the church library, if they choose to read anything other than the Bible. He believes that there are many very objectionable books in the public libraries that pose moral hazards. We encourage our parishioners to avoid the library. So, I'm sure that you'll understand that it would be unlikely that any of our members would agree to sit on the Library Board.”
Amanda ticked off in her head a list of regular library patrons she knew to be members of First Baptist, some of whom read a whole lot of stuff other than the Bible. A couple of her most devoted romance readers were choir singers at First Baptist. She chewed on the inside of her mouth so she wouldn't laugh. She sort of squeaked, “Oh,” and left it at that. After an awkward moment, Mrs. Benedict left the library. 
Amanda sent an email regarding the conversation to the president of the Board, who was the husband of the local Episcopal priest. His response was: Good thing they're going to get lathered up about keeping out the gamblers and prostitutes. Otherwise they might get worked up about censorship.
Amanda replied: You'd better watch what you put in writing. One of these days somebody is going to 'out' you as a liberal.
A few minutes later, he responded: I proudly admit to being a liberal. Just not to certain people – like pretty much all of the people in this town other than you, whom I suspect of being a closet liberal yourself.
Amanda responded: I deny it!!! 
She turned off the computer before he sucked her into a pointless email conversation that would waste her time. She looked around, and realized that she had nothing to do. The library was tidy, and all the books were shelved. Her work was caught up. The mail hadn't come yet. There were no patrons. She took her e-reader from her purse and moved to a couch in the reading room where she curled up to read for a couple of hours, taking a few minutes at noon to munch on some cheese and crackers in her office. At about two o'clock, she put away her reading device and took up her position behind the counter.
About ten after two the first group of middle school students arrived. A half an hour later, about a dozen high school students came in. None of them misbehaved or talked loudly, but their energy created a buzz in the library that threatened an eruption of chaos at any moment. Amanda scanned the library constantly for signs that any of the kids was up to no good. She overlooked quiet conversation and gum-chewing, but had a word or two for the kids she caught necking in between the bookshelves in the rear of the library and threatened to eject a couple of boys who were looking at pornography on one of the computers.
By four thirty, most of the kids were gone. Amanda patrolled the library one last time for the day, picking up trash, lost items and reference materials that nobody ever returned to the shelves. By ten till five, the library was once again orderly, and ready for the evening crowd. The volunteer who was working the evening shift walked in about two minutes till five.
“Sorry I'm late. The traffic light is stuck again.”
Amanda laughed, “You're not late. Thanks for the warning. I'll go around the back way. They need to get that light fixed.”
“The thing that's really hilarious is that we all know the stupid light gets stuck, but we sit there waiting for it to change like a bunch of idiots. Nobody will go through the light until a cop comes out to direct traffic.”
“Never let it be said that the good people of Washburn are not law-abiding citizens.” They both laughed.
The volunteer took off her coat and asked, “You have any projects for me to work on?”
Amanda shook her head, leaned close and whispered, “Watch those boys by the computers. I caught them looking at pornography.”
“You really should rethink your opposition to installing content filters.”
“The very idea of censorship of any kind is objectionable to my cold and miserable librarian's heart, but you're probably right. I've been taking heat from the Board about that for a while. Maybe you could do some research on how we can install content filters that will keep kids safe without blocking too much legitimate information.”
A couple of the kids waved at Amanda on her way out. She waved back.
Over dinner, Amanda filled her father in on the events of her day, in particular her conversations with the councilman and the preacher's wife. He shook his head and said, “Well, we knew it would happen someday. I hoped I'd be dead before it did, but there's nothing we can do about it now.”
“What are you talking about?”
“The world has finally encroached upon Washburn. The conflicts that dominate national politics get real personal when they trickle down to the local level.”
“I don't follow you.”
“When was the last time you read a newspaper or watched the news on TV?”
She laughed. “You know perfectly well that I occasionally look at the newspaper headlines when I put the papers out, but I don't read the articles and I can't remember the last time I watched anything at all on TV.”
He shook his head, “What the heck kind of thirty-something woman doesn't watch TV? Where do you get your news?”
“I get all the news I need from the Internet.”
“You want to explain to me how that is better than the TV news?”
“I didn't say it was better It is, however, faster and more convenient. I get my news when I want it. It's in written format, so I can scan it instead of waiting for inane conversation between the announcers or commercials. Yahoo tells me generally what is going on. If I want to read articles, I go to the local newspaper in the location where the events are occurring. If I want to look at what folks are saying about an issue, I go to Facebook or Twitter or some of the news blogs.
“However, you know better than anybody that I don't pay a lot of attention to current events. I went through a news junkie period when I was a teenager, but I weaned myself of the need to follow the news too closely.”
“Why?”
“First of all, so much of what is reported 'as it happens' is inaccurate. I used to love CNN, but there were too many stories that they reported in real time that turned out to be totally wrong. So, generally I wait until an event is over before I pay much attention to it. And I often wait for years before I read any analysis. I think the American obsession with the news is unhealthy. And stupid. How many times does the nightly news start with a story about a car accident or a tree falling on someone's house?”
Her father shook his head, and said, “We have always and always will disagree on that subject. I suggest that you make an exception to your allergy about local current events for a while. You will need to stay on top of this. This is a big issue encroaching on our town, and everybody needs to stay informed and involved.”
“You can be as involved as you want to be. I am staying out of it. I've told a town councilman and Mrs. Benedict how I feel. That ought to be good enough to make sure everybody knows where I stand within a day or two. If the issue comes up for a referendum, I'll vote against it. Beyond that, there's nothing I can do.”
“You have no interest in trying to influence public opinion?”
“No. I see this as an issue over which reasonable people can disagree. I have my opinion. Others have their own. Ultimately, if it comes to a vote, the majority will rule. If it does not come to a vote, the people who will profit the most from it will figure out a way to buy sufficient influence to get what they want. I have no control over that, and I prefer not to get too worked up over things that I can't control.”
“Your apathy appalls me.”
“I'm not apathetic. You know I care very deeply about our home, our town and our heritage. I just prefer not to add my voice to what strikes me as the increasingly disrespectful and bitter tone of discourse in America these days. You're right, this issue is going to bring some of that nasty business to our town. I prefer not to contribute to it.”
“I understand your inclination to remain calm and not contribute to the bitterness, but I think you're wrong to be silent. People need to hear a calm voice of reason, and God knows you have that.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means you never let yourself get carried away by your emotions.”
“I did this time.”
“How so?”
“Reason would say, take the money and run. I could probably make us a quick few million dollars with a couple of phone calls, now that I’ve kind of figured out which companies may be nosing around here and what our land may be worth to them, but I love our home. I don't want to see the farm turned into a parking lot leading to a boat that goes nowhere – and doesn't even have any windows to look out at that my beloved river. That's all pure emotion. And very raw, as a matter of fact. So don't give me that, 'you're so cold and heartless' bullshit that you've been slinging at me my whole life.”
She got up and left him sitting at the table looking as though he didn't know what had hit him.
Her bedroom was too small to contain the emotional turmoil she felt, so she changed into hiking boots, jeans and a parka and headed out for a walk. Her father was reading a book in the living room. He didn't look up, but he mumbled, “Have a nice walk and don't fall in the damned river.”
Amanda chuckled, knowing that old and unfunny joke meant the truce they had formed when she moved back home seemed to have returned, despite the earlier dangerous flare-up of the fires of their old conflicts.
She walked through the garden and into a stand of trees that divided their farm from the next one. The neighbor ran cattle, and she could see where the cows had scratched against the fence. It was slightly warmer in the woods than in the open fields, so she stayed in the shelter of the trees until she got near the river. Then she headed across the corn field, lying fallow after the harvest, looking scraggly and unlovely in the gray evening. She knew she would have to hurry to get to the river and back into the house by dark. She had a flashlight with her in case she had miscalculated the time until sunset.
The river ran high, but did not (yet) threaten to flood. She could see entire trees floating in the channel, with large branches and other flotsam in the slower water near the banks. The river was flooding somewhere upstream. She murmured thanks to God and the Corps of Engineers for the network of dams that helped control flooding. The long-term weather forecast called for more snowfall this year than normal. That would cause high water in the spring. Their house had survived many floods over the years. Most of the time it stayed dry, although there were times that it was on a dry “island” surrounded by filthy flood waters. Three times in her lifetime the flood waters came into the house. She didn't think she'd ever get the stink out of her nose, which made her wonder why she clung to this place so fiercely.
The sunlight that managed to penetrate the blanket of charcoal clouds began to dim. Amanda turned toward the house, kicking clods of dirt and stalling. She loved her dad, but she sometimes wished that she could afford a place of her own. He was too prone to telling her what to do, and she was too stubborn and thin-skinned not to take offense. They had sparred her entire life. When she was little, her mother had played referee, separating them before battles could be engaged. 
After her mother died, Amanda and her father had some rough years. They handled their grieving differently, and often took their pain out on one another. When Amanda was in high school, she and her father fought more or less constantly. She knew now that it was partly due to their grief and anger over the loss of the woman they both adored, but there was a huge component of her father trying to mold her into someone who would conform to the expectations of the community, which Amanda had no intention of doing. 
They had got a long very well when she was away at college, and were not tripping over one another every day. He was proud of her academic success at Indiana University, and even let her know occasionally (although she heard about most of his pride in her from other people). She had never really intended to move back to the farm after college. After graduation, she moved to Indianapolis, but life in the city turned out not to be so wonderful. The library job dropped into her lap while she was home on an extended visit. She suspected that her father had something to do with that, but never pursued it because if she found out for sure that he had orchestrated it, she'd have had to throw a fit for the sake of consistency. 
When she moved back home, she and her dad sat down at the kitchen table and had a long conversation about boundaries. They negotiated a truce, and most of the time they were careful not to step over the line. Most, but not all of the time.
She realized that this business with the casino was likely to be a challenge for them because, just as they handled grief differently, they handled conflict differently. Marvin tended to go out and meet a threat head-on. Amanda preferred to hide under the bed and avoid conflict (with anyone but her dad) at all costs. 
She tramped back to the house and stepped onto the back porch just as it became fully dark. Her teeth were chattering, but she lingered on the porch for a few minutes longer. She could hear the river. She could smell it, too, despite the icy air. She leaned against a support post on the porch, closed her eyes and smiled. If it were summertime, she'd have sat on the porch for an hour or more. But, it wasn't summer. In fact, it felt like it was about to snow.
Marvin was still sitting in his chair in the living room. He had put the book aside and was watching the History Channel when she came inside. She paused at the door and said, “I'm sorry.”
He looked up at her and nodded with a sad smile, moving his hand in a gesture of denial. She knew there was nothing more to say on that subject. She said, “Smells like it's going to snow.”
He laughed, “I guess you don't need to watch the weather forecast. Your nose is good. They're predicting freezing rain changing to snow overnight. Could be several inches of accumulation.”
“If that happens, they'll probably tell me not to open the library in the morning.”
“What will you do if you don't go to work tomorrow?”
She laughed and said, “I'd like to sleep late and lie around reading all day, but I have several bushels of corn, apples and squash in the cellar. I'll probably spend the day canning.” She paused, “Unless there's something you need help with.”
He said, “Actually, I could use your help with the computer. I've managed to screw it up somehow and it barely works. It's slow like it used to be when we had dial-up. If you wouldn't mind looking at it, I'll help you with the canning.”
“You have a deal!” She laughed, “Watch the storm go around us now that we have plans for a snow day.”
He chuckled and nodded, “Set the alarm for work, just in case.”
She put on her pajamas, and crawled into bed, setting her alarm for 5:00 AM. She liked to get up earlier when she didn't have to go to work so as not to waste a moment of her precious free days.
She actually woke up at 4:30. It was cold in her room and during the night she had burrowed herself completely under the covers. She stuck her hand out and pulled her phone under the covers. She checked the weather and discovered that the storm had not gone around. In fact, it was worse than had been predicted. There were eight inches of snow on the ground, and the weather service was predicting another six to eight inches before the storm finally moved out of the area around noon. She sent a text message to the Board president asking his permission to close the library. He responded less than five minutes later with instructions for her to stay home. Next she called the radio station to let them put the library on the list of closings for the day.
At that point, she jumped out of bed, and bundled herself in an ancient terry cloth robe that had been her mother's favorite, and headed for the kitchen.
She put on a pot of coffee and went into the den, where her dad had his computer set up on a desk looking out across the river bottom. It was still dark, the moon was full and shed an eerie light through the clouds, illuminating the snow that fell in sheets. Amanda couldn't decide if it was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen or if it was something out of a horror movie. She was sure of one thing: she wasn't sticking her nose outside the house all day.
She booted up the computer and set it to run the automatic maintenance, which had apparently not been done since the last time she had worked on his computer a couple of years ago. She reminded her father to defrag his computer every time she did hers, which was monthly. He apparently never followed her advice. She made a mental note to just do his maintenance when she did hers. Because she never used it, she had forgotten how old his computer was. Routine maintenance was not going to help him: he needed a new computer.
While the cleanup tools were running, she went to the kitchen and hauled the canning jars from the pantry to the sink. She washed them and put them on a tray by the stove where she would set up the sterilizing pan. Like a surgical nurse prepping for an operation, she laid out her tools in the places where they would be most convenient at the moment she needed them.
Then she went back into the living room and cleaned out a bunch of unused software on the computer and and set it to run a backup to an online repository. While that was running, she went to the cellar and started hauling up bushel baskets of vegetables. Her father walked into the kitchen just as she put the last basket by the sink. She looked up and chuckled, “Were you waiting for me to finish dragging this crap up the stairs before you got up?”
“No. Actually I got up early to help you. What the hell are you doing up so early? And how early did you get up?”
“I got up a while ago. I've got so many things to do today, I couldn't even think about staying in bed. I think your computer should be okay for a little while, but you should really consider replacing it. I'll look around for a reconditioned laptop if you're interested.”
He looked at her and swallowed hard a couple of times. When he spoke his voice was hoarse. “I'll make you a deal. If you will buy a new robe and retire that one, or at least keep it in your room, I'll look for a new computer.”
She looked down at her mother's favorite robe and then looked up at her father with tears in her eyes, “I'm sorry, Dad. It never occurred to me that it would bother you when I wear this, but of course it would. I'll be back in a second.” She ran to her room and came back a few minutes later, fully dressed in a workout suit and turtleneck.
He was drinking coffee at the table. He smiled at her with his mouth but with sad, miserable eyes. “You know I just realized that you were born in the wrong century. You'd be a perfect 19th Century farm wife. You love all this stuff, don't you?”
“I do. I love gardening and canning. I wish I had more time to sew.” She poured a cup of coffee for herself and started shelling Lima beans. “Actually, when I was in college I decided my goal was to marry a farmer. I started hanging out at the school of agriculture. I even took a couple of Ag classes, which I totally loved. The main thing that I learned from that experience, however, was that farming is no way to make a living in America these days. In fact, it may be an expressway to bankruptcy. You know I don't need a lot of money. But, you also know how allergic I am to debt. There is no way I'm living on mortgaged property, borrowing more money every year to buy seeds that may or may not grown into a profitable crop. A person would do better to take their life savings and go to Atlantic City.”
She shook her head and added, “After Brandon died, I sort of resigned myself to spinsterhood. Is that even a word?”
She smiled and patted his shoulder. His entire body drooped and he looked as though he might cry. She said, “It's okay, Dad. Really.”
“No. It isn't okay. What are you going to do? Stay here on the farm keeping house for me until I die? And then what?”
“I'll stay here and keep house for me until I can't take care of myself anymore. I have my will made out that if you die first and I die with no children, then half the land will be sold and the riverfront property goes to the county along with the proceeds of the sale of the other half, on the condition that they turn it into a park and never allow development other than for recreation.”
He looked at her as though he couldn't decide whether to laugh, cry or smack her. “What the hell kind of thirty-six year old single girl has a will?”
She laughed. “I suppose mostly only those thirty-six year old women who are control freaks enough to want to make sure that my finances are handled in the way I want. I actually wrote my first will when I was in the sixth grade.”
“What? Why?”
“Actually, Mommy suggested I do it. She was writing her will. I didn't know at the time that she already had cancer. She suggested that it would be a good thing for me to periodically sit down and think about what I have that's important to me, and how I would like to provide for those things if I'm not able to take care of them. You know Mommy was very practical-minded about things like that.”
He ran his hands through his thin hair and said, “I know I'm going to regret this, but what did you list as being important to you in that first will and who did you bequeath them to?”
She grinned, “I willed Rex the cat to Mommy. I willed my bike and my fishing pole to you. And I willed my Barbie dolls to Veronica McMasters.”
“Who?”
“I went to school with her. Her family was kind of transient. I didn't know that word at the time, but they were kind of ne'er-do-wells. I felt sorry for her because at Christmas everybody else came in to school and talked about all the cool stuff they got for Christmas. Ronnie didn't get anything. I thought she would like my dolls.”
His eyes glazed over and he blinked hard. He said, “So when did you write your current will?”
“The year I came back here to live with you.”
“You were, what, twenty-four or so?”
“Something like that.”
“Your mother had been gone for years at that point. What prompted you to do that?”
“Mommy told me I should review my will and my goals periodically. I do it every year on my birthday. I always update my yearly goals, and my five year plan. Some years I change my will. Most years I don't.”
He shook his head. “Sometimes I don't know what to make of you, but right now, I kind of want to cry over what a wonderful human being you are.”
She grinned. “Well, I'm delighted you feel that way, Dad, and I hope you still feel the same at the end of the day, because I'm going to work your ass off today. I didn't realize how much produce I saved up for canning.”
They spent the rest of the day cleaning, chopping and canning vegetables. By late afternoon, they had more than a hundred jars cooling around the kitchen. But, they had made nothing for supper. Amanda laughed, “Some farm woman I am. I didn't plan any supper. We have some corn that we didn't put up. How about corn chowder. I can make that kind of fast.”
He smiled and said, “You know that's my favorite. I'll wait.”
“Why don't you go watch TV while I make dinner.”
“You were up at 4:30 this morning and you've worked all day with hardly a break. Why should I sit and watch TV while you make my dinner. I'll help you.”
“Do you know the first thing about cooking?”
“No.”
“Then get the heck out of my way. I'm too tired and hungry to make this into a teaching moment for you.”
He chuckled, threw up his hands in surrender and went into the parlor, to test out his computer while she made dinner. When she called him back to the kitchen, he said, “Thanks. The computer is much faster. But, maybe I should think about a new one. I think I'd kind of like a laptop. What do you think?”
“Personally, I think the laptop is right up there with the printing press and Reese's cups when it comes to evolutionary inventions. You can take your computer to your bedroom and watch movies, read newspapers or email your buddies. You're not chained to the desk.”
He chuckled, “My buddies don't use email.”
“I'm betting you're wrong about that. You should ask them.”
They cleaned up the kitchen together. Almost immediately after they finished, Amanda stretched and yawned. “Well, one of the drawbacks of being such an early bird is that I poop out early. I'm going to leave you to your TV and hit the sack.”
He asked, “You think you'll have to work tomorrow?”
“I'll open the library, but I doubt that I'll have any visitors. Why?”
“I didn't plow the driveway today because we weren't going anywhere. The storm has passed. I think before I go to bed, I'm going to plow the driveway. That way I won't have to get up early in the morning to do it before you leave for work.”
“Thanks.” She grinned. “You love that snowplow attachment we got for the lawnmower, don't you?”
“Yeah, I do. I don't have that many opportunities to use it. So, I'm going to do it now. I hope I won't keep you awake.”
“I'm going to read for a little while before I go to sleep. Don't worry about it. I'll be grateful not to have to worry about getting stuck in the driveway tomorrow morning.”
A few days later, Amanda came home from work and found Marvin waiting for her in the kitchen. He said, “What do you say we go get a Christmas tree and grab a bite out.”
She made a face. “I suppose.”
“Don't sound so excited.”
“I'm going to be honest with you, Dad. I've never said this before because I guess I was always afraid it would cause a fight. We seem to have reached a new level of acceptance and honesty, so I'm gonna give it a shot. I am not a fan of Christmas decorations. I have to admit you hit me on a bad day because I had words with the president of the Friends of the Library today on the subject of decorations. They had a crew in the library putting up the tackiest crap you ever saw in every nook and cranny of the place. Look at this house. It is almost totally functional. There's not a lot of frou-frou. There's a reason for that. I've gradually eliminated most of the purely decorative stuff Mom had sitting around. I perceive too much decoration as 'clutter' and it annoys me until I can put it away. I'd be happy with a wreath on the door, putting the Christmas table cloth on the kitchen table, and leaving it at that.”
He laughed toward the ceiling and raised his hands in a gesture of praise, “I like this new honesty thing we've got going! If you don't mind, I'm perfectly okay with not putting up a tree.”
“Really?”
“Yeah. I'm allergic. By the time we take the tree down every year, I'm totally miserable and living on antihistamine.”
“Then why have we been putting up a tree all these years?”
“Well, it started because your mother was such a Christmas freak. God, do you remember how she used to decorate?”
She laughed and said, “Even when I was a kid I was already showing signs of the OCD neat-freak I would become. I can remember wanting to hide in my room until she put all that crap away.”
“You never said anything.”
Amanda shrugged and closed her eyes, remembering. “She loved Christmas decorations. I figured I could put up with it because her Christmas craziness made her so happy.”
“So, we won't put up a tree. I'll get down the wreath. Do you want any of the other stuff brought down from the attic?”
“The Christmas table cloth and napkins. I think there's a pretty Christmas centerpiece, and maybe that candle thing that Mom always put on the coffee table in the parlor. I think that will be plenty.”
“Did you know there's a whole set of Christmas dishes?”
“No. I didn't.”
“She bought them years ago, and then never used them because they were so expensive.”
“Bring them down. I love festive dishes. I'll make us some supper while you dig around in the attic. Then we'll do our decorating.”
A little while later he called, “You want to put those angels on the mantle?”
“Maybe one or two, but we don't need all of them. Maybe a couple of candles.”
By the end of the evening, there were subtle signs of the season in all the downstairs rooms. Amanda walked around and said, “This is nice. It's simple, pretty and festive without rising to the level of tacky.”
Her father looked up from his book and grinned. “I'm guessing that you won't be visiting the Christmas Village they're putting up in the town square.”
She covered her face with her hands and moaned. “I've gone so far as to start entering and leaving the library by the back door so I don't have to look at it. I think it could be seen from outer space.”
“Do you want to do anything special for Christmas this year?”
“Yes. I have a couple of things I like to do. We can cut out everything else. Next Sunday, there is a Christmas concert. It's a combined choir made up of several church choirs, the high school choir and the community choir. I want to go to that. Also, I want to make a traditional Christmas dinner, but it always feels so sad to make a big holiday meal for just us. Is your church hosting its Christmas dinner this year?”
“Yes. That started out a few years ago when three ladies lost their husbands right before Christmas. They decided to have dinner together at the church, and they invited anyone who wanted to attend. The first year, with no advance planning they had twenty people. They ran out of food and ended up eating up the casseroles the ladies society had in stored in the freezer for the sick and shut ins. Since then, it has grown to a community party for anyone who wants to come. Last year there were almost a hundred people. Not all of them are people alone. Some people bring their whole families. After dinner, they sing Christmas carols. I've never been, of course, but the church ladies are all a-twitter about it. Why?”
“Because I want to volunteer to help cook. I suppose that means we'll have to attend.”
He held his hands to his chest and said, “You are going to voluntarily attend a social engagement at my church?”
“Yeah. I don't promise to enjoy the social part of it, but I love to cook and cooking for a crowd on Christmas seems appropriate.”
He looked at her through narrowed eyes, and said, “You've never hinted at that before.”
She sighed and shrugged. “That whole business about the casino made me think about my feelings for the community. I've always been a loner. You know that. And, I warn you, that's probably not going to change a whole lot. But, I truly do love this town and I find myself wanting to be a part of the community in a way I never have been before.”
“You campaigning for something?”
“Not at all. Just trying to get into the spirit of the Season.”
He looked at her as though he didn't believe her. She pretended not to notice. In fact, she was lying. She liked the thought of helping to cook a large meal, but the thought of spending an afternoon in a large hall with a hundred people was enough to make her break out in hives. She volunteered to do it because she knew that her dad would enjoy having Christmas dinner with his friends from church. In past years he had stayed home with her instead. She decided to push herself to go with him because she felt she owed it to him after he bent to her wishes for so many years.
A few days later, she called the lady who was in charge of the dinner, made reservations for the two of them and asked, “What kind of help do you need in the kitchen?”
“We have a sign-up sheet. There's one crew coming in early in the morning to get the turkeys in the oven and all that. Then another crew will come in a little later to set tables. A third crew will take care of the clean-up. Everybody is supposed to bring a dish. Most people bring a couple.”
“Who's providing the turkeys?”
“The church is buying the main stuff. Turkeys, hams, potatoes, rolls. The guests will bring everything else. It's interesting. We never dictate what people should bring. The first year we held the dinner, there was a fight about that. One of the ladies wanted to make a menu and have people sign up to bring specific things. She was afraid we'd have turkey, ham and twenty pies. Others didn't like the idea of telling people what to bring. They won out. Methodists don't usually live dangerously but when it comes to potlucks at our church, we wing it. And, you know what? We always have a good variety of dishes.”
Amanda said, “Well, I have several dishes I like to make for Christmas, so I'll come up with something to contribute. Why don't you put me down for the early shift to help with the heavy cooking. I'm a hopeless early bird and Dad and I exchange our gifts on Christmas Eve anyway.”
“That would be great, for two reasons. One is we do have trouble filling the early shift on Christmas morning, and the ladies who are available are generally older. It may sound crass, but you're young and less likely to throw your back out putting a couple of twenty pound birds in the ovens.”
“Actually, I was kind of thinking along those lines.”
“That's very nice of you. You've never participated in the dinner before.”
“No. I always cooked at home. I thought this year it would be fun to do some serious cooking, but I'm not one for entertaining at home. Your dinner seems like the perfect opportunity for me.”
“We'll look forward to seeing you.”
Somehow Amanda managed to avoid killing the students who came into the library to screw around the last couple of weeks before school let out. They were so wound up and excited, they were all but uncontrollable.
A few days before Christmas, while they were eating dinner, Amanda said, “Since we're going to the church Christmas dinner, I thought we should have our own little celebration on Christmas Eve. If you want to invite some of your friends, I could make eggnog and hors d'oeuvres. Or if you want it to be just us, I thought I'd splurge and do a small pork roast. I don't usually let you have pork, but it's Christmas after all. What do you think?”
He chewed his food for a while and said, “We live kind of far out for most of my friends to come here at night. And Christmas Day is likely to be a kind of social challenge for you with so many people around. I think I'll take the pork. What time do you have to be at the church on Christmas?”
“I signed up for the early shift. I need to be there about 7:30 AM.”
“So I guess that means you'll be skipping the late candle light service.”
“I reckon so.” She laughed.
He added. “Do you want to drive separately, or shall I take you Christmas morning. I kind of don't like the idea of sitting here alone all day on Christmas.”
“I hadn't thought of that. You could come along and hang out in the kitchen. The ladies will probably feed you and flirt with you. That could be fun.”
He made a derisive noise in the back of his throat. “Those old women would flirt with a corpse.”
“Anyway, bring a book. Does your church have a library you can hang out in?
“Are you going to the late candle light service?”
“I don't think so. I don't like being out on the roads late on holidays. If I go to church, I'll go to the family service at 6:00 PM. We can have dinner and exchange our gifts when I get home, if that won't be too late for you.”
“That will be perfect!” She toasted him with her water glass. “I'm going to the grocery on my way home from work tomorrow. Do you need anything?”
“Yes. I need toothpaste and razors. I keep forgetting to stop.”
She got up and added those items to her list.
He said, “You look very happy. What's up?”
“I am happy. I have a special secret that I think will make you happy. It makes me happy to think about it.”
He smiled. She knew that he thought she kept too tight a reign on her emotions, and too seldom allowed herself to be excited. 
The next evening she came in with bags and bags of groceries. Marvin looked up from his magazine and said, “Whoa. I thought we were having pork roast for two. What is all that?”
“I volunteered to bring some dishes to the dinner. I won't eat dressing made by anybody but Mommy or me. I can't have Christmas without my special corn pudding. You would miss Mommy's sweet potato pie. So, I'm taking several dishes.”
He laughed. “You have the heart and soul of a church lady.”
She made a face, “You may be right about that, but the problem is I don't have the stomach for it.”
He raised his eyebrows as though he were going to inquire, but then looked back at his magazine and let the comment go unanswered.
Amanda spent Christmas Eve in a cooking frenzy. She made pork roast, sweet potatoes, mashed potatoes, succotash and apple sauce for their dinner. She made extra of everything, so she would have many dishes to take for the Christmas feast. In addition, she made a large pan of turkey dressing, another large pan of corn pudding and three sweet potato pies. She had finished all the cooking but the very last minute stuff by the time Marvin was ready to go to church.
He smiled at her and winked, “Well, Pumpkin, it looks like you have everything under control here. You could take a break and go to church with me.”
She grinned and winked at him. “I could do that. But, what I am actually going to do is take a shower, change my clothes, retrieve your present from its hiding place, and pour myself a glass of wine. I'll see you when you get home.”
He blew her a kiss and headed out the door. She made a bee-line for the shower. After which she put on a pair of flannel pajamas featuring Rudolph the Reindeer, and dug a wrapped package out from under her bed. When Marvin returned from church, she was sitting cross legged on the couch in the parlor, concentrating on her e-reader, sipping a plumb colored wine.
He looked at her glass, took it to the kitchen and topped it off. He came back with a full glass of wine for her and a mixed drink for himself, saying, “I need to catch up.”
He looked at the package on the coffee table. “What's that?”
“Santa paid a call.”
“He reached into his pocket and laid a small box on the table beside the other package. “He stopped me on the road.”
They sipped their drinks and chatted. They were in no hurry. They both loved too stretch out the prospect of a surprise. After they finished their drinks, they went into the kitchen and ate supper. When they returned to the parlor she said, “I want you to open your present before it gets too late.”
He looked at the package and then at the small box. He said, “You go first. I'm guessing that your present to me is better than mine to you. You're the most infernal hard person to buy for on the planet.”
She laughed, “Yeah, it must suck to have to buy presents for somebody who doesn't want anything.”
“It truly does.”
He handed her the box and said, “This is totally dull and uninspired, but I know that you'll use it to maximum advantage.”
She opened the package and looked at the $200 Amazon gift card, and her jaw dropped. She put her palms on her cheeks and said, “Oh, my gosh, Dad. Thank you! You know how much I shop on Amazon. I will have a hard time not using this all up at one time.”
He laughed, “You lie. You'll probably still have money on it next Christmas.”
She grinned and gave him a sheepish look. “I'm playing a game with myself trying to get as many freebies or super-cheap books as I can. Nevertheless, I do buy books and/or music more often than I care to admit. I will definitely use this to buy things that I will enjoy. Thank you.”
She leaned over and kissed his cheek. Then she picked up the package that still lay on the coffee table. She handed it to him and said, “Merry Christmas, Happy Birthday and Happy Easter.”
He narrowed his eyes and said, “Why do I think you went overboard?”
“Because I did. But remember when I was a kid, there were years when I got underwear and socks for Christmas but there where years when I got the big, special presents: the record player, the bike. This is a big, special year for you.”
He ripped the paper off the top of the box revealing the label. A second rip got rid of the rest of the paper. He shook his head and said. “Thank you so much. I don't know what to say. I've been looking around. I had decided to wait until this coming week in the hope of getting a really good deal. There are so many choices and price ranges. Why this one?”
“I've never used a Mac so I don't know how fabulous they evidently are. As for the others, at one time or another I've owned or used most of the major brands. I think they're all pretty much the same. This is sort of 'bottom of the line' model. I've had three of this brand and they've all been great. I will confess this is reconditioned not brand new, but for the kinds of things you do with a computer, it's all you need. I already set it up for you. It's all configured and hooked up to the WiFi already. All you have to do is turn it on and you're good to go. Obviously, you can change any of the settings if you don't like them, but I set it up similar to your desktop so things should be where you expect them to be. One warning. Your desktop runs on the XP operating system. This is Windows 7. You're going to hate it. The alternative is Linux, which I like a lot. The problem is that Linux doesn't interface with a lot of other peripherals. We'd have to get a new printer and it would just be a pain. Try this and see what you think.”
“It'll be fine. I'm thrilled. Thank you, Amanda.”
“Take it out of the box and turn it on, for Pete's sake. As an additional gift to both of us, I subscribed us to Netflix. We don't watch the movie channels on the TV, so I canceled them, which is saving us $30 a month. Netflix is $10 a month.”
They watched movies and fooled around with the computer until it was time to go to bed.
At twenty past seven the next morning, they pulled into the church parking lot right behind another car. Marvin shook his head. “What the hell is Edna Wurtzner doing here so early this morning?”
“How old is she anyway?”
“She's got to be in her 90's.”
They parked the truck beside Edna's car. The old woman looked at them with a joyful expression, “Oh, my goodness am I glad to see you! I have five large dishes that I got into the trunk, but I'm not sure I make that many trips up the stairs to the kitchen. And we have five twenty pound birds in the refrigerator.”
Marvin grumbled, “I think I'm gonna be real sorry I didn't want to spend Christmas Day at home alone.”
Amanda muttered under her breath, “Deal with it, Dad. Come on. Let's take Mrs. Wurtzner's stuff in first. Then we can come back for ours.”
On their first trip to the kitchen, Amanda said, “Mrs. Wurtzner, you don't need to be running up and down the stairs. What do you say if I put the birds in the sink and you unwrap them and start washing them while I bring in the rest of your stuff and mine.”
“That's a great idea. I'll put on some coffee and then get started with the turkeys. Molly Tilden should be here soon to help as well.”
By the time Amanda and Marvin finished unloading the Edna's car and theirs, another elderly lady pulled into the parking lot with yet a third load of covered dishes and a very large ham. They helped bring her things into the kitchen. Marvin decided to hang out in the library but told the women to fetch him if they needed him for anything. 
Over the next few hours several more women drifted in to join the cooking frenzy. The legendary territoriality of church ladies is a fact of life in every church in America. Amanda inadvertently stepped on a few toes by volunteering to do tasks that were understood by everyone else to be the purview of one of the other ladies. They were all on their best behavior, however, and there were no arguments. Amanda discovered that she stayed out of trouble if she stuck to the mundane chores of cleaning up, fetching and carrying, and prep work.
Sooner than Amanda would have expected, the turkeys and ham were in the ovens. The hot dishes were lined up in one oven. The cold dishes were in the refrigerator. The set-up crew would not arrive for a half an hour or so. Mrs. Wurtzner said, “Ladies, let's take the opportunity to sit down and have some coffee.”
One of the other ladies said, “I put on a fresh pot about twenty minutes ago.”
They poured their coffee and sat around a wooden table in the corner of the large restaurant-style kitchen. Amanda closed her eyes and experienced a moment of pure bliss at the smell of coffee and roasting meat.
One of the ladies laughed and said, “Amanda, you look like you're having a religious experience.”
“It smells so good in here. And this is really good coffee.” She looked sheepish for a moment, “My mother always did say that the Methodist ladies were the best cooks.”
“Your mother was Methodist, and she was the best cook in the county. I think we all still use her stuffing recipe.”
Amanda grinned. “So do I. In fact, I brought a tin of it for one of my covered dishes.”
She put down her cup, and added, “But, my mother was not Methodist. She was Catholic.”
Mrs. Wurtzner said, “What are you talking about? Your mother attended services here nearly every Sunday after she and your father were married.”
“She attended every service here except Communion services because Catholics were not allowed to take Communion in other churches. She went to seven o'clock Mass at St. Peter's every Sunday morning, and she took me with her. After Mass, we went home, she made breakfast for us and then we came here with Dad for the 10:30 service. In every respect, other than taking Communion, she participated in the life of this church. I don't think anybody except maybe the administrative staff knew she wasn't a member here.
“It was the deal she and Dad worked out when they got married. It worked for her. Personally, I wasn't so crazy about the arrangement. It robbed me of the opportunity to sleep in on Sundays.”
One of the ladies said, “We haven't seen you in church in a very long time.”
Amanda sipped her coffee and sighed. She had never told a soul why she stopped going to church or what she did instead, but for some reason she had the urge to share it with these women, perhaps in the hope that they would understand and not pester her about going to church. They were nice ladies. Some of them had been her mother's friends. She liked working with them, and wanted to be able to do it again. It seemed important to be honest with them.
“That's right. I guess a lot of kids don't really enjoy church. Being dragged to two different churches every Sunday gave me a double dose of sitting quietly and behaving. I didn't care for either church very much, although I liked the Catholic music a lot. It was odd that my mother never sent me to Sunday School in either church. I remember a couple of years before she got sick my parents had a discussion about that. My dad thought I should go to Sunday School here. Mommy said she had read the curriculum of both the Catholic religious education material and the stuff the Sunday School was using here. She didn't want me subjected to that kind of indoctrination by either church. She wanted me to experience faith in whatever way it was given to me, and to make up my own mind about what manner in which I would express it.
“I had no idea at the time how progressive she was. Dad was not happy about it, but agreed to let me skip Sunday School here so long as she would not subject me to what he considered Catholic brain-washing.
“We went on like that until my Mom died. My first decision after her funeral was not to go to either church any more.”
She took another sip of coffee and went on, “Not surprisingly I was pretty mad at God. The Catholic priest didn't help matters by telling me that God wanted my mother to 'come home to Heaven' because God needed her there. I figured God must either be stupid or mean to think that he could need her in Heaven more than her eleven year old daughter needed her here. So, I was disinclined to sing any praises to the Lord at that point.”
One of the ladies poured more coffee all around. They leaned forward, silently urging her to continue. Amanda didn't really want to share the next part, but she'd gone too far to stop. She went on, “Sometime in around 1990, do you remember the religious furor that was going on then about gay people. I don't remember if I even knew what all the arguments were, but what sifted through all the noise and reached my child's brain was that some people believed the Bible said one thing, and others believed that it said something else. Being a book person from birth, I decided to read the Bible for myself. My mother had wanted me to make up my own mind. Up until that time, I still prayed my rosary every day, but I wasn't learning anything from that. I decided to spend an hour every Sunday reading the Bible and thinking about it. One hour. I set the alarm clock. I started with 'In the beginning' and read straight through to 'Come, Lord Jesus.' One hour at a time, once a week. When I finished it I started over. Once I started with Revelation and read backwards, which was really an interesting way to do it.”
Some of the ladies sat with their coffee cups half way from the table to their lips. One of them asked, “You mean you still do it?”
“Every Sunday. One hour.”
“How many times have you read it all the way through?”
“I don't know.”
There was silence for a while. Finally one of the younger women in the group said, “Well, I can't stand it. Did you find a way to forgive God?”
Amanda shook her head. “No. Because the God that the churches talk about and the one I'm mad at, is not in that book at all. It is a wonderful book. It makes me laugh and cry and it makes me mad to think that humanity has been so screwed up – so unnecessarily. The biblical God probably would have done better not to have saved Noah and his family. He should probably have just started over from scratch. 
“But at the same time there's something comforting about reading familiar words over again at different times in your life. Sort of like I read The Velveteen Rabbit every year on my birthday. Mom always read it to me on my birthday and I still read it once a year, and I still sob for a long time when I'm finished.
“Reading the Bible on Sunday has become my sole spiritual discipline. I don't feel the need to go to church.”
One of the ladies said, “But think of all you have to offer to the churches.”
Amanda shook her head, “I have absolutely no interest in offering anything to a church, although I value the services that churches provide in the community.”
Mercifully, before they could press her on that, some other people arrived to start setting up the tables. The oldest ladies continued to sit at the table and talk, while everyone else helped move tables and set up chairs. As soon as one group finished setting up a table and placing folding chairs around it, a second group moved in with tablecloths and napkins. A third group laid out the dishes and flatware. It was an assembly process that would make Henry Ford proud. Amanda was not about to try to find a place for herself among the teams of elderly women who had carved out clearly clearly defined roles, probably decades ago. She moved to the small group of younger women and a few men who were doing the heavy lifting of unfolding the 8 foot wooden tables.
By the time they were finished with that, the turkeys were done and the kitchen crew gathered around the carving table like so many vultures, taking the meat off the bones. They put the meat in large trays along with liquid from the roasting pans, covered them and kept them warm in the ovens. They combined the drippings from all the roasting pans into a very large skillet which Amanda expected to end up as killer gravy. It was a long, messy process.
When they were nearly finished, Amanda asked, “Do you have any stock pots? We could go ahead and start making stock for soup.”
One of the ladies looked at her with a rather stupid expression. “Why would we do that?”
“Don't you make meals for people in the church who have sick ones or a death in the family?”
“Yes.”
“You could get a whole lot of soup out of five turkey carcasses.”
A couple of the younger women in the group said, “That is just too much work. Who does that?”
Amanda and virtually all of the really old ladies said, “I do.”
Another lady said, “We'd get eight or more gallons of stock out of those carcasses. We don't have room for that much soup.”
Amanda said, “Keep what you can use, and give the rest to the Lutherans.”
“What for?”
“The Lutheran church takes meals to their shut-in members every Wednesday. On Thursdays they offer free meals for the public at the church. Mrs. Hollander is in charge. She'll go ape for a few gallons of soup stock she doesn't have to cook herself.”
Mrs. Wurtzner asked, “How do you know this, dear?”
“I'm the town librarian. The bulletin board in the library is an amazing thing. Virtually every event that takes place in this town that involves more than one family is posted on that bulletin board. I created an online community events calendar which I maintain with help from the administrative assistant at the Chamber of Commerce and a volunteer from the Kiwanis. If it's happening in the community, I know about it.”
One of the ladies said, “Who wants to spend Christmas day cooking soup?”
Amanda said, “If you don't want to do it today, it's cold enough outside. I can do it tomorrow. I guess the easiest thing to do would be to put the carcasses in a couple of your big stock pots, and let me take them home. I'll make the stock and put it in gallon containers. Let me know how much you want, and I'll give the rest to Mrs. Hollander. You can make any kind of soup you want from it.”
One of the younger ladies (relatively speaking) said, “That seems like an awful lot of work. Canned stock is cheap.”
Amanda made a face, “Yeah. But home-made stock tastes so much better! And, I was always told that it was sinful to waste anything, especially food when there are hungry people who could benefit from it. If you're just going to throw the carcasses out anyway, let me have them and also let me borrow a couple of your pots. Dad can bring them back on Sunday.”
Some of the ladies were a little huffy about it because it was something they had not done before, but they agreed.
The noise from the hall was increasing by the moment. Someone had set up the steam table and the kitchen crew started handing out dishes to the servers.
Amanda walked over to the lady making the gravy. She appeared to be around forty , but Amanda didn't know her. “Mind if I watch? I'm something of a gravy-holic. I'm always looking for new techniques.”
The lady smiled at her and said softly, “I'm guessing that if I turned this task over to you, we'd have the best gravy that's ever been served at Community Methodist. The only reason they let me make the gravy is because I can get even a big batch smooth and it looks beautiful but they won’t let me season it at all. It tastes like paste. 
“I'm not going to let you make the gravy, however, because that would immediately paint you as a pushy buttinsky. You've managed to be helpful without stepping on too many toes,” she lowered her voice, “and without pissing off any of the worst of the Amazons. I don't want to see you spoil it now.”
Amanda laughed out loud, but said softly. “Thank you for that. I am seriously wondering why I volunteered for this.”
“You did it because you're a great cook and you are very community minded. This is a wonderful thing they do here. I feel privileged to be a part of it.”
“I'm sorry. I don't know you. You are?”
“Duh. I'm Ellen Hoskins. The minister's wife. You don't know me because I am somewhat embarrassed to say I have never set foot in the library here. We've been here three years. I've become involved in the church, but not so much in the wider community. I'm from Chicago. I haven't quite figured out the dynamics of small town life. It's a bit intimidating.”
“Don't feel bad. I've lived here my entire life, except for a few years, and just when I figure out all the dynamics in the town, somebody dies, somebody new moves in, and/or somebody switches political parties, and everything changes again.”
They laughed.
The gravy turned out perfectly smooth. There were no seasonings in it at all. Amanda knew without tasting it that, despite its beauty, it probably did taste like paste.
Once all the food had been taken to the tables, the kitchen looked like bomb had dropped. Amanda was an almost pathologically neat cook who cleaned up and washed dishes as she went. She was the only one left in the kitchen, so she started in the far corner. First, she washed all the coffee cups and utensils.
Her father came into the kitchen, leaned against a refrigerator and watched Amanda for a few minutes. “After cooking the meal you gonna eat any of it?”
“You know what a taster I am. I've been eating for hours. I'm not hungry.”
He shook his head and laughed. “Lord, girl, you get more like your mother every day. That infernal woman never once sat down to a holiday meal. She'd cook all day. Clean up the cooking mess while you and I ate, then clean up the dishes. I figured you would hide in here, and I didn't want to call attention to that fact, so I didn't save you a place at the table. 
“I do want to tell you something funny. For years all of the ladies have made dressing according to what they call Clarissa's recipe. No two of them taste the same and not one of them tastes anything like Clarissa's. The word went around that your dressing is truly Clarissa's recipe. It was gone before anything else. I didn't even get any.”
Amanda winked. “That' okay. I made extra of everything that I brought so we can have leftovers. Is the word out about my little faux pas about the turkey stock?”
“Yep.”
“You know you can't take me anywhere.”
He winked at her and said, “You have no idea how proud I am of you.”
“Go. Eat your dinner. Let's not get all mushy.”
She put the turkey carcasses into two large pots and took them to her dad's truck. It was below freezing outside, so she figured the meat would be safer there than sitting in the hot kitchen. She borrowed a third pot as well.
After that, she returned to the kitchen and tackled the roasting pans. When they were dried and put away, she cleaned the sinks and wiped down every flat surface first with a soapy cloth, then with a bleach/water rinse, followed by a clear water rinse. After that, she put all the wet dishcloths and towels into a washer tucked into a nook by the pantry. Then she retrieved a large stack of clean dish towels from the pantry, and filled the sinks with fresh water, both for washing and rinsing. 
She took out the trash and was refilling the garbage cans with fresh bags when the first cart of dirty plates arrived in the kitchen, along with about six ladies who made up the clean-up crew. They stopped at the door and looked around, in naked astonishment.
Amanda took off her apron and picked up the bag of towels. “You're all set ladies. The first shift is officially clocking out.”
She went out to the hall and found her father. People were cleaning off tables, talking and milling around. The woman who had been sitting next to her father was cleaning off tables. Amanda took the woman's seat and said to her dad, “How about a cup of coffee and some pie for the cook?”
He smiled at her and got up, “You sit right there.”
“I didn't tell you what kind of pie I want.”
“Trust me.”
He came back a minute later with coffee for both of them and a piece of pie for her.
“You're not having dessert?”
“I had two pieces of your sweet potato pie. I'd pop if I ate another bite. Try that.”
Amanda took a taste, closed her eyes and savored the pie, like a sommelier would enjoy a fine vintage. “Oh. My. God. I want this recipe.”
“You can't have it. Marion Smith won't give it to anyone. She'll bake you her special chocolate pecan pie anytime you want one, but she won't give you the recipe.”
“You know you just laid down a challenge to me. I'll have to figure it out, now.”
“I absolutely do want you to figure it out. I love this pie.”
“You should make friends with the lady.”
“Shhh. She's been chasing me for years. Don't go there. We'll talk later. Just figure out how to make it.”
“Actually, it's a total no- brainer. The basic pie is the same recipe I use. It's the one on the Karo syrup bottle. The difference is there's a layer of chocolate on the bottom and another layer of chocolate right underneath the top layer of whole pecans. Dark chocolate chips would be my guess. When I make it, I'll order some really dark chocolate from that candy place in New York that I like. Next year you bring the pie.”
He shook his head. “We'll eat it at home in secret. No way I'm letting anybody know that you can make better pie than Marion. She'd run you out of town.”
“Be quiet and let me eat in peace.”
They chatted for a little while with the other people at the table, who gradually drifted away. When they were about the only ones still seated, they got up and moved around the room. Marvin was obviously delighted to show off his daughter to his friends, particularly when her food was such a hit. While they were talking to one of their neighbors, a delegation of women from the kitchen, led by Molly Tilden walked over to them. Molly gave Amanda a hug and said, “We want to thank you so much for your contribution today. You were so much help. We can't thank you enough. Especially for the ….”
She turned to Marvin and asked, “Do you know what Amanda did while we were eating?”
He grinned, looked at Amanda and said, “Well, I don't know for sure but if I had to guess, I'm thinking she washed all the pots and pans and cleaned the kitchen from top to bottom before time to wash the eating dishes.” He looked at Amanda and asked, “How'm I doing?”
She grinned and tried to look guilty. “You know me well.”
One of the other ladies said, “We are going to be out of here hours before we usually are. I can't imagine how you got all that stuff cleaned up so quickly. But we are all very grateful.”
Amanda shrugged and said, “Call it my Christmas gift to the ladies of the church.”
The pastor and his wife walked up just as she said that. He introduced himself and thanked her for her enormous contributions to the meal. She shook his hand and muttered that it was her pleasure. He said, “I understand that you are taking the turkey remains home to cook for soup.”
“Yes. I'll make stock. I'll let the ladies know how many gallons there are. What you don't need, I'll give to Lil Hollander at the Lutheran church.”
“What do you need for the stock?”
“Nothing. I borrowed three large pots from the kitchen here because I don't have stock pots that large. I have plenty of spices, onions, carrots and celery.”
“Please let the church reimburse you for the root vegetables.”
“I have the spices in the pantry. I grew the onions and carrots. A head of celery is a buck fifty. Call it a donation to the church.”
Reverend Hoskins smiled and said, “We are grateful for your generosity.” He turned to Marvin and said, “You must be very proud of your daughter.”
“Words could not begin to express it. Amanda is one of those people who seems to excel at everything she tries. She seems to exude an aura of peacefulness and joy wherever she goes. I'm thrilled she chose to share it with our church this Christmas.”
Ellen gave Amanda a hug and slipped a card into her hand. “Give me a call sometime. Perhaps we could have coffee.”
Amanda nodded, but did not return the hug.
They talked to a few more people. Marvin seemed to be willing to stick around as long as there was anyone to talk to. Amanda turned to him and whispered, “I'm sorry, Dad, but I've had enough. Can we go soon?”
A look of annoyance flickered in his eyes, but only lasted a second. It was replaced by a gentle look Amanda was not used to seeing there. He said, “Get your dishes. I'll say my farewells.”
When Amanda went into the kitchen to fetch her dishes all the ladies lined up to hug her. She submitted to their mauling, said her good-byes and hurried away as fast as she could.
On the way home, Marvin asked, “Did you enjoy yourself?”
“Yes, as a matter of fact, I did. I like cooking with other women. I don't mind working hard in the kitchen. I can even socialize for a little bit. I think we managed a good balance today. It was tricky because I know I unintentionally stepped on some toes in the kitchen. The ladies are kind of territorial and a new person kind of threw things out of whack. I don't think I pissed anybody off too badly. They may let me come back next year.”
He laughed. “I could probably name the ones you pissed off the most. But, you redeemed yourself when you cleaned up the kitchen.”
She leaned her head back against the seat, closed her eyes and said, “God, sometimes I want to move to Indianapolis.”
“Why?”
“It drives me crazy that every move anybody makes in this town is generally known within an hour.”
“Yeah. Sometimes that's a pisser, but I have always figured other good things about the life here made up for it.”
“Me, too. Which is why I live here and not in Indy.”
She cleared her throat a couple of times and asked, in a rather hoarse whisper, “Are you really proud of me Dad? I always had the impression you thought I was odd and you didn't like me too much. I always knew you loved me, but I didn't think you liked me. And it never once crossed my mind that you would be proud of me.”
He thought for a while before he answered. “First of all, yes, I am proud of you. You are beautiful, inside and out. You're smart, kind, and I meant it when I said you seem to be good at a lot of things. I do love you. I like you too, maybe more now than ever because you've turned into a good and fine woman. As I've told you probably too often, you’re a lot like your mom. 
“But, as a parent, I've always worried about you. You have to admit that you are different. I wouldn't use the word odd. You're just very different from me and pretty much everybody else around here. Sometimes I think you sell yourself too short. I think you could do anything you want to do. If you want to be a librarian in Washburn living with an old curmudgeon, and if that makes you happy, I'm resigned to accept it. I guess I just wanted more for you than that.” His voice broke..
They both looked aside to hide their tears. Neither of them said another word until they got home. They hauled the casserole dishes into the kitchen. Marvin looked at the clock. “You want to leave the stock pots in the garage and sit down to relax with a glass of wine and we can play with my new computer or are you going to make the stock today?”
Amanda blushed, “The garbage man comes tomorrow. I can get rid of the bones sooner if I cook it tonight.”
He shook his head and smiled. Then he stopped, turned and looked from the stove to Amanda. “How are you going to cook three huge pots of soup on that stove?”
“I can put the two big pots on top of the stove, each on two burners. I think the smallest of the three will fit on that damned turkey fryer that you just had to have and used only once.”
“I never used it again because I didn't want to listen to you bitch about how unnatural it is to fry turkey.” He added, “Where do you want me to set up the fryer?”
“You don't have to help.”
“Yes, I do.”
“Put it by the back porch as close to the steps as you can do safely.”
While he set up the turkey fryer and filled the huge pots with water to cover the bones, Amanda chopped a small mountain of onions, celery and carrots. She divided the vegetables among the pots and added spices. Once the pots were bubbling gently, she turned to her dad, grinned and said, “How about that wine now?”
They watched a movie on his computer, and then she showed him a bunch of sports and news sites. He said, “It's no wonder you never watch TV. This is like TV on your own schedule.”
“Yeah. Some of the sites have commercials, but that's okay.”
“We could save a lot of money if we get rid of the cable TV altogether.”
“How much is it?”
“It's $150 a month, including Internet.”
“Jeezul, Dad, that's a lot. The basic cable is pretty cheap.”
“Yeah. I'm thinking I may not need even that. The only thing I really watch on TV is sports and the weather channel. I can get most of that on the computer. I just paid the cable bill last week. I'll leave it go this month and see if I can do without the TV. Next month I'll either cut it back to the basic or cancel it altogether. What do you think we should do with an extra hundred dollars in the budget every month?”
She looked at him with a sad smile, and said, “Well the truth is, the dishwasher hasn't worked in a very long time. The repair man told me the last time he fixed it that it was not worth fixing again. If you wouldn't mind, maybe we could save up for a few months and buy a new one.”
He made a face and said, “Why the hell didn't you say anything? You act like we're one step from the poor house. Do you want to see my bank accounts to prove that we have enough money to live on? I have enough money to buy a freaking dishwasher if you need one.”
She smiled. “I know, but I hate to spend money on things that aren't really necessary. I can wash dishes by hand.”
“You can read by candle light and poop in an outhouse, but it's more convenient to have electric and indoor plumbing. You work very hard, honey, we'll buy a damned dishwasher this week.”
“You know, you have a wonderful and infuriating knack for saying nice things to me in a manner that somehow manages to piss me off.” She stood up, kissed him on the forehead and said, “I need to put the pots in the garage to cool overnight and wrestle the bones out so I can put them in the garbage. Would you mind helping me move them before you go to bed?”
They took the pots to the garage. She fished the bones out with a large slotted spoon, wrapped them and put them in the garbage. Then she covered the pots and left them on the concrete floor of the garage. She went in to get her coat.
Marvin looked up and asked, “Where are you going?”
“Taking out the garbage.”
“I'll do it.”
“It's okay, Dad. You're all comfy there, and I'm already a mess. I'm going to take out the garbage and then hit the shower and go to bed. It's been a long day.”
She bundled up and hitched the small trailer holding the garbage can to the back of the riding lawnmower. The driveway was a quarter of a mile long.
Amanda came in snow-covered and freezing, “Holy cow! It is cold out there, and it's snowing again. Remind me the next time you volunteer to do something for me to accept your offer.”
He didn't look up from the computer. He just muttered, “I could remind you but it wouldn't do any damned good.”
“Good night, Dad. Merry Christmas.”
“Same to you, Mandy.” He hadn’t called her that since she was little. She somehow made it to her room before she started to cry.
The library board had decided to close for the week between Christmas and New Years, essentially giving Amanda an unexpected vacation – without pay. 
First thing on the morning after Christmas she skimmed the congealed fat off the stock, strained it and filled eight two-gallon freezer bags, with a few quarts left over. She poured that into her own soup pot. She put the bags in her chest freezer and added ingredients to the soup pot to make a hearty vegetable soup. When she was finished, she looked at the three huge stock pots and then her kitchen sink. There was no way she could wash the pots in that sink.
She sighed, shook her head and snorted at her predicament. Then she dug out her own stock pot, which was considerably smaller than the borrowed ones, but still held several gallons of liquid. She filled it with water and put it on the stove.
Marvin walked into the kitchen just as she was carrying the last of the large pots to the back porch. He said, “What the Sam Hill are you doing banging around in the kitchen before dawn? A man can't get any rest around here whatsoever!”
She laughed. “Good morning, Mr. Sunshine. Coffee's on the counter. Help yourself.”
She ran some hot water from the sink into a large pitcher and added a considerable quantity of liquid soap. Marvin leaned against the counter, sipping his coffee and watching her with a bemused look on his face. Or maybe he was just still sleepy.
She took the pitcher out to the porch and divided the contents between the three pots, swishing it around in the bottom. She brought the pitcher back inside and got a long handled dish sponge. She rolled up her sleeves and went back out to scrub the pots. A little while later, she came back inside, shivering. By then the water in the stock pot was simmering. She dipped a few quarts into a smaller pot, and headed back out to the porch to begin the rinsing process.
While she was doing that, Marvin went out to the garage and brought in three beach towels and the garden hose. He followed her outside and said, “I think if we work fast, we can do a final rinse with the hose and then dry them before they freeze.”
“That'll work if we do them one at a time.”
Marvin rinsed the largest pot with the garden hose. Amanda immediately wrapped it in a towel and took it into the kitchen to dry it. They did the same for each of the others. By the time they were finished, they were both wet and freezing.
Marvin said, “Go take a bath and warm up. I'm going to change, too.”
She came back a little while later in dry jeans and a sweater. Marvin was reading the paper. “How much soup did you get for your labors?”
“Sixteen gallons of stock plus enough to make a pot of vegetable soup for us. I'll call Mrs. Tilden today to find out how much of that they want. I'll give the rest to Lil Hollander.”
“That was really nice of you.”
She shrugged and made a face, “I can't stand to see food go to waste.”
He leaned back and said, “So, what do you plan to do on your vacation this week.”
“I have no plans. The Board decided to close at their meeting in December. I didn't have time to make any plans, plus they're not paying me for this week, which is a pisser and also puts a crimp in anything I might want to plan. I don’t know what I’m going to do the rest of the week, but right now, I'm going to make us some breakfast. You want eggs or pancakes?”
“We got any bacon?”
“Nope.”
“Sausage?”
“Nope.”
“You're not planning to feed me those fake eggs out of a milk carton?”
“Of course not.”
“Would you at least make potatoes with the eggs?”
“I could do that.”
“OK. Eggs. Sunny side up.”
He watched her make the breakfast. Instead of just chopping the potatoes, she grated them with a box grater, adding onions, a little flour, a lot of pepper and a little bit of sea salt. She heated a caste iron skillet and added no more than a teaspoon of olive oil, swirling it around. Then she patted the potatoes into the pan, and put it back on the stove. She sliced bread and put it in the toaster, but she did not turn it on. She washed up the utensils from preparing the potatoes and then expertly flipped the potatoes to cook on the other side. At that point she took the eggs out of the refrigerator. She got out two plates. Then she poured them each a glass of milk, dried the dishes she had washed and then returned to the potatoes. She divided the contents of the skillet into two servings, one of which was about one third of the whole. She put them on the plates, set them on the back of the stove and covered them loosely with tin foil. Then she turned on the toaster and cracked three eggs into the skillet, without adding any more oil. She watched them closely for a minute or two, and then dipped a tablespoon or so of broth from the soup pot and poured it over the tops of the eggs.
Marvin laughed out loud. “That'd taste better with bacon fat.”
“Yeah it would , but like I told you, we don't have any bacon.”
She plated the eggs and placed her father's plate in front of him. She covered her plate with foil and started to wash the skillets.
“For Christ's sake! Will you please sit down and eat like a normal person. Who washes the dishes before they eat?”
“Mommy always washed up the cooking dishes before she ate.”
“I know and I can count on one hand the number of times I actually had the pleasure of sitting across the table from my beautiful wife to enjoy a damned meal! The skillets won't corrode in the twenty minutes it will take you to eat breakfast. Now, sit down at the table, dammit.”
She carried her plate and milk to the table and sat down. Marvin said grace over the meal. He tasted the eggs. “Not bad, even without the bacon fat. How do you get them cooked on top without burning them on the bottom.”
“That's why I poured the hot liquid over the top. You're right Mommy used bacon fat, which does taste better. As to not burning the bottoms, that just takes practice.”
“You're a really good cook.”
“Thank you.”
They enjoyed their food in silence for a few minutes. Amanda looked at him through narrowed eyes, “What is up with you?”
He smiled. “Am I that transparent?”
“Yeah.”
He pushed his plate aside, finished his milk and said, “I've been thinking. If we stay here this week, you and I both know you'll work us to death. I'm afraid you're going to want to clean out the barn. You've been threatening to make me do that for years. So, I'm thinking maybe we could get away for a few days.”
“What do you have in mind?”
“I'm not really sure. I thought maybe we could look at some of those last minute travel deals on the computer. Tomorrow's Wednesday. You don't have to go back to work until next Tuesday. We could do a four or five day trip to somewhere.”
She picked up her phone and tapped the screen a few times studying something, twitching her lips, “I could do it if we could get something for $800 or less.”
He put his hand over hers and said, “You're not listening to me. This trip is on me. I did pretty good with the corn crop this year, plus I got some extra income from renting out a hundred acres to Bill Rogers. In addition, I made several thousand dollars this year fixing cars at the gas station. I sort of got started by helping people out while we were standing around talking. After a while people started calling and making appointments. Gary lets me use his repair bay and tools in exchange for 20% of what the customers pay me. Works for everybody. Gary sucks as a mechanic, so basically he never uses the repair bay or the tools. This way he has extra money coming in, and so do I. Long story short, I had a good year. You cook, clean, do the laundry, tend a garden and do a lot basic maintenance around the house. I strongly suspect that you occasionally pay for household purchases with your own money instead of using the household account, despite all my rantings about that. I think the least I could do is treat you to a few days' vacation.”
“You know I don't expect...”
“I know you don't expect compensation for your contributions to the household. I understand that. We've been over that a million times. I'm asking you to please let me do something nice for you for a freaking change. OK?”
She smiled. “There you go again.”
He gritted his teeth. “It is not my fault. You make me crazy. Your infernal pride and stubbornness is going to be the death of me.”
She smiled and patted his hand. “OK. Thank you, Daddy. This is very nice and unexpected. I think it would be fun to go on an adventure. Why don't you go get the computer and start looking at what's available while I do the dishes.”
“I'd rather we both look at the computer and leave the dishes sit for a few minutes, but I guess that's probably asking too much.”
She laughed, “I'll look over your shoulder while I dry the dishes.”
“Oh, yeah, we have to go shopping for a dishwasher, too.”
“That can wait until we get back. We won't need it while we're on vacation.”
“That's the spirit!”
They found a fabulous deal on a four day trip to New York that included a Broadway show. Marvin said, “The only problem is, for this trip, we'd be leaving New York on New Year's Eve. Wouldn't we want to stay for the Time Square party?”
“No. Absolutely not. There is no possible way you'd catch me standing out there in the cold with thousands of people – probably half of them pickpockets – at midnight to watch a stupid ball drop.”
“When was the last time you stayed up until midnight on New Year's Eve?”
She laughed, “I don't remember ever staying up until midnight any day except for once in college when my stupid ass roommate spilled coffee on my term paper and I had to retype the whole damned thing the night before it was due.”
She looked at him and said, “And if you stayed up till midnight, you'd know that. In view of the fact that both of us typically go to bed by 9 PM, I say we take the four day deal, and get out of New York before the partying throngs invade. Maybe for what it would cost for the extra day, we could add a show. Like maybe we could get tickets to see the Rockefeller Center Christmas show.”
“Sounds perfect.”
“Let's book it!”
He looked a little sheepish, “You think we're up to this?”
“Probably not, but the good thing is, we don't know anybody in New York, and if we come across as hicks to them, oh well.”
“I'll take the pots back to the church today and let people know we'll be gone.”
Chapter 3
The Kruegers' impromptu trip to the Big Apple was the talk of the town for weeks. It seemed to Amanda that everyone in town stopped by the library to ask about it. She told one of the volunteers she never thought she'd be sick of talking about her vacation, but she was getting bored with her own story. A man standing at the desk laughed. Amanda jumped and turned toward him. He said, “I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you.”
“No, I'm sorry. I didn't hear you come in. I didn't mean to ignore you, Dr. Hoffmeier.”
“Truly, I just stepped up to the desk. I'd ask about your vacation, but I don't want to bore you.”
She smiled, “We had a wonderful time. I'm sure that we amused some New Yorkers with our wide-eyed, country-come-to-city ways, but it was amazing. I really enjoyed the play we saw. The show at Rockefeller Center was okay, but if I had it to do over, I think I'd have gone to another play. The variety show was a little to glitzy for my taste.”
“Where did you eat?”
“We sort of scrimped on the food as much as it is possible to do in New York. We bought most of our food in a grocery store/deli that was down the street from our hotel. The guy who worked there was very nice to us. He gave us tips for some relatively modest places. One night we ate a bistro in the East Village and another night we went to Chinatown. Oh my God, was that good! I may never be able to eat at the local Chinese place again. We had a lot of fun. We went to the top of the Empire State building, and we took the ferry to the Statue of Liberty. We went to Ellis Island. It was amazing. We found Dad's grandfather's name in the registry.” She tilted her head and blinked her eyes. “We sort of both got teary about that for some reason, and the memory is still kind of emotional for me.”
“That was the Krueger who originally bought this farm?”
“Yes. Evidently Adam Krueger's older brother was already in the area. He owned the land where the shopping center is now. Adam and his wife (who was pregnant with their first child when they arrived in America) lived with his brother for a while, and then bought the land where we live.”
“What happened to the the older brother's land?”
She laughed, “Well, I'm probably not supposed to tell this, but he was a kind of the black sheep of the family. He drank too much and worked too little. He ended up losing his land. His family lived with Adam's for a while, but then they moved on. We don't know what happened to them.”
“That must have been an amazing experience to see their names in the book. Did you look up your mother's family as well?”
She shook her head. “We don't know anything about Mom's family. Her dad died when she was very young. Her mother died shortly after she married Dad. As far as we know she had no other family.”
“Her family wasn't from around her?”
“No. She was actually from Evansville. They met when Dad was driving a truck for the dairy. She worked at the processing plant in Evansville.” She shook her head and smiled again. “I doubt you came here to talk about my vacation or my family tree, Dr. Hoffmeier. How may I help you?”
He said, “Well, to be honest, I sort of did come to talk about you. Would you have a few minutes to step in your office or maybe go across the street for coffee?”
“Come into my office. If you'd like coffee, I have some made.”
“I'm fine.”
Amanda asked the volunteer to take over at the desk. There were no patrons in the library so Amanda knew it shouldn't be too much of a burden.
Dr. Hoffmeier sat in one of the guest chairs in Amanda's office. She sat in the other one instead of going around and sitting behind the desk. She could tell by the sudden appearance of a tiny dimple in his cheek that he noticed, and liked the gesture. She said, “So, Doctor, what is it about me that you want to talk about?”
He said, “First, of all, call me Paul. This is not a professional visit. This is more of a personal visit.”
She lifted her eyebrows slightly, waiting for him to continue.
“I know that Rev. Benedict's wife asked you to work with a committee being formed to respond to any overtures by casinos, and you declined. I've come to ask you to reconsider. I've been elected to chair the committee. We discussed it several times – loudly I have to admit –, and decided to take the initiative out of the hands of church people and make it a secular group. There will obviously be church members involved, but we're going to try to avoid having any preachers or their families participate directly on the committee.”
Amanda put her lips together in a straight line and pursed them until she knew they were white. “That must have been quite a conversation.”
“Yes, ma'am, it was.”
“You'll have to tell me about it sometime.”
“We promised that we wouldn't discuss it outside the group that participated.”
She laughed. Then she grew serious and said, “I told Mrs. Benedict I think my dad would be a better person to have on the committee. He's reasonable. He's a good speaker when motivated, although he doesn’t like speaking in public. He's not intimidated by anyone in town. I'm a little awkward in public. And I'm very easily intimidated.”
“We understand. And, I'll admit, I went to your dad first. I just spoke to him at the gas station. There are two problems with your dad being on the committee. Or maybe three if you count the fact that he doesn't want to do it. Problem one: your dad owns the land that will likely be the primary target. If he's on the committee, it's almost like laying down a gauntlet to the casino. Secondly, your dad is a very smart man and you're right he's reasonable and fair. But, he is not well educated.
“What is more, we are trying to recruit some of the younger people in the community. People who may not yet be in leadership roles, but who are likely candidates for future leadership in the community. The message we want to send is that the casinos will have to deal with both the people who are in charge now as well as the ones who will be running the town in the future. We will not be railroaded by either the developers or the Old Guard.
“In some other places the developers have focused on the older people, and offered them money to move off their land. Your dad has already made it clear he's not moving. Our message will be that the next generation wants to maintain a certain level of our present quality of life.
“We want to do more than simply keep out the casinos. We're looking to serve as a kind of enterprise development group to bring in businesses that might bring in jobs and serve as alternatives to a casino.
“Your dad thought you might be interested in that.”
She looked at the ceiling and closed her eyes for a minute, breathing slowly, chewing on her lip. After a minute or so, she said, “That certainly sounds more like something I'd be interested in working on than the original proposal from Mrs. Benedict. How do you plan to organize?”
“Initially, we're going to be very informal. Right now, there are four of us. Mayor Stevens is a member of the older generation, but the committee was his idea, so he's participating as the liaison with the town council. Donna Anderson is the only school administrator in the district who grew up here; her family has lived here longer than yours. Bill Bannock is one of the few people who moved to Washburn to start a business. We want you to make five. We may add additional people later, but we thought this was a good start.”
Amanda nodded and put her hands behind her head, and then quickly put them back in her lap. “That's a good mix. I'm guessing that's a Republican, a Democrat and two independents. Three of the four were born here. Mayor Stevens goes to the Lutheran church; Donna's a Methodist; you're Catholic. What about Mr. Bannock?”
“He's Catholic, too, but we don't see him at church much. His wife and kids go.”
“If you add me, you get another Democrat who is a native. You should know that I was baptized Catholic but I don't go to church. Because Catholics think that once you're sprinkled you're in for life, they're going to count me as a Catholic, which throws the committee a little bit out of whack, but the fact that I don't attend church and the fact that my dad is active in the Methodist church may balance that out. Age wise, I'd be the youngest, which would balance out Mayor Stevens. You did a good job.”
“Are you in?”
“Who are you going to invite if I say no.”
“We couldn't decide, but it will probably be either a school teacher who was born here or maybe Angie Hartzel who works at the water works. It definitely has to be a woman.”
“Angie's got the right pedigree, gender and age and would be good except for one thing.”
“What's that?”
“She's a complete and total idiot. Granted, she does a good job for the waterworks, but she's kind of a nut. I went to school with her, and she drove everybody crazy.” She put her hands to her cheeks and said, “That was mean, I'm sorry.”
“You're not the first person who's said something along those lines. Who would you pick?”
“Hands down, I'd recommend Sheila McCarthy. In fact, I think you should consider her over me. She wasn't born here, but her husband was. She's the head of the PTO. She volunteers at the library. She's Baptist, which you don't have represented, and should since it ranks third to the Catholics and Lutherans. She's raising her kids here, and will be motivated to want them to stay.”
“There's only one problem with Sheila.”
“Which is?”
“She is one of the leaders of the group who wants to bring in a casino.”
“You're kidding!”
“I'm serious, and if she sticks to her guns on that, she's not going to be a Baptist much longer. I think the Benedicts are about ready to excommunicate her, or whatever Baptists do to the wayward.”
“Why would she favor gambling?”
“She says it will bring in jobs and the town needs the money now.” He paused and added, “Confidentially, I think she wants to sell her husband's land and move back to Louisville.”
“That piece of property is almost as perfect as ours. I just isn’t as big. It is also adjacent to our farm, so if the McCarthy's sell their land to the developers, I'll have a casino in my back yard even if Dad doesn't sell.”
“So it would appear.”
She sighed and shook her head, “I guess you sort of have me over a barrel, don't you, Doctor Hoffmeier?”
He leaned forward and said softly, “Amanda, if you really don't want to be on the committee, we'll find someone else. We know we have your support, and we’ll accept that. I think you'd add a great deal to the committee and I'd love to have you on board, but I don't want to make you do something that will make you uncomfortable.”
Amanda shrugged dramatically and said, “Sometimes it is important to do things that make you uncomfortable, isn't it? If you never step out of your comfort zone, you never grow.”
“That's right.”
“Don't you dare tell my father I said that.”
“I'm guessing he wouldn't believe me if I did.” He chuckled and added, “Or he would up and die on the spot.”
She laughed and held up her arms in surrender, “OK. I'm in. When, where and how often will we meet?”
He made a sheepish face, “We were kind of hoping we could meet here. It's centrally located and kind of neutral territory. At the beginning we thought we should meet weekly while we're trying to develop a plan. After that we'll reconsider. Mondays and Thursdays seem to be the best for the rest of us. What is your schedule like?”
She laughed, “My schedule is nine to five. I have no outside activities, commitments or life beyond taking care of my dad's house and feeding the two of us.”
“You do your community service off the radar.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“You cook for the Lutheran food ministry. The word is that you single-handedly cooked and cleaned up for the Methodist Christmas dinner. You worked twelve hour shifts four days running at the harvest festival. There has not been one community event in this town in years that you haven't contributed to, either with your time, your talent or your money. Usually all three.”
“That may be true, but I've never been on an organizing committee.”
“And why is that?”
“Because I think I'm too hard to get along with.”
He threw back his head and laughed. “Really? I have never heard anybody say that.”
“That's because I steer clear of situations where I might piss somebody off.”
“As the chair of our committee, am I supposed to consider myself warned?”
“Yes.”
“OK. I am warned, but be advised, I'm not afraid.”
Several hours later, Amanda hung her purse and coat on pegs in the kitchen. “Thanks for throwing me under the bus, Dad.”
“I take it you had a visitor today.”
“Yes, I did.”
“Were you able to hold out?”
“Not after Paul Hoffmeier told me that Sheila McCarthy is going to try to sell her husband's land and build a casino next door to us. That woman does all the right things and says all the right words, but somehow there was always something about her that bothered me. I never could put my finger on it. I can’t understand what’s up with her.”
Marvin kneaded his forehead with his fingertips. “This whole business surprises me. I really thought the community would be more opposed to gambling than it is. I'm afraid we may have an uphill battle.”
“We?”
“I'm not participating in the committee for all the reasons Paul probably mentioned to you, but trust me I am four square in that corner, and I'll be with you every step of the way. I'm not selling my land, and I'm sure as hell not going to sit idly by and let them build a casino on the McCarthy property either.”
She sat down at the table and put her head in her arms. In a muffled voice she said, “Do you know how much I'm going to hate this?”
He put his hand on her head in a kind of blessing. Then he leaned forward and kissed the back of her hair. “Yes, sweetheart, I do. But, unless you want to walk away from a place that is the heritage handed to us by several generations of people who worked their entire lives to pass it on, I don't think we have a choice.”
She looked up with tears in her eyes and said, “You remember what Scarlet’s father said in the movie Gone With the Wind? He said that land is the only thing worth fighting for. I'm not sure I think it's the only thing worth fighting for. I'd fight for family, but in this case land and family are so inextricably intertwined it amounts to the same thing. I'm gonna hate this, but I have to do it.” She wiped the tears from her face and said, “Daddy, I'm not really hungry. I think I'd like to just go to bed. Would you mind getting your own dinner?”
“Not at all, child. You go. Do you want me to bring you something later?”
“No thanks. I think I'll take a bath and then just go to bed.”
She lay in the tub and whimpered for a while. Eventually, she managed to get herself under control. She went downstairs around seven, made herself a peanut butter sandwich and a glass of milk. Marvin was reading in the parlor. He joined her in the kitchen and asked, “Do you feel like talking?”
“No. Right now there's nothing to talk about. Paul's going to call me tomorrow to let me know when our first meeting will be. It could be as soon as Thursday after work. So, you'll be on your own for supper on my meeting nights.”
“I can feed myself. I did it when you were away at college and then living in Indianapolis.”
“I know. I just feel bad when you have to eat alone.”
“Please don't feel as though you have any responsibility to keep me company. Believe me, I wouldn't have to be alone if I didn't choose to be.”
She laughed, “The widows are still after you?”
He smiled, “You know, truly I'd not be opposed to getting married again, but the women I know are so pushy.”
“Dad! Look. You are a reasonably attractive man. You are in good health, thanks in large part to the healthy diet I feed you as opposed to the crap you'd eat on your own. Those two things alone make you a chick magnet for the middle aged women in the entire county. You have one other thing, however, that causes them to go into a feeding frenzy when you walk into a room.”
“Please tell me what it is so I can get rid of it.”
“They think you have money.”
He thought about that for a while and said slowly. “Well, I sort of do. At least I'm comfortable.”
“Therefore, the ladies are on you like white on rice.”
He tilted his head and said, “What if I put all my property and money in a trust and made you the trustee. Then I would have nothing. Do you think that would help?”
“That would create a couple of problems that would be worse that what you have now.”
“What would that be?”
“Number one, are you sure you would be willing to turn over all your money to me to control?”
He shrugged, “I know you'd use it for our benefit. And it might not be a bad thing to do anyway. I think I may talk to my lawyer about that. What other problems would it cause?”
“Even if you trust me with your money – which blows me away – I think that the community would see it as me grubbing for your money. It might give me some credibility problems where the committee is concerned.”
He nodded and rubbed his chin. “Yeah. You're probably right.”
She patted his shoulder and said, “I guess you're just going to have to buck up and put up with women chasing you all the time.”
“Are there no other available men for them to chase?”
“As far as I know, there are four single men between the ages of fifty-five and seventy. There's you. There's the guy that lives in that trailer outside of town. He spends 90% of his time dead drunk and the other 10% of the time trying to beg, borrow or steal money for liquor. There's Mr. Thomas the hairdresser who would not be interested in a female of any age. And there's Tom Phillips, the accountant. That man cheated on his wife the entire time they were married. And he did not even attempt to be discreet. I have the impression that there is a subtle conspiracy among the older single women that nobody will go out with him after his wife died.”
“Isn't that kind of hypocritical. Somebody went out with him when he was married.”
“Actually a bunch of somebodies, most of whom were married themselves. I agree it seems kind of hypocritical, but he deserves it. His wife was a really nice lady. She didn't deserve to be treated like that.
“That's a long way of saying that there are other single men in the area, but not one of them could hold a candle to you. You have only one major liability.”
“What is that?”
“Not what: who. If it weren't for me, those women would be knocking down your door every day of your life.”
“I hadn't thought of that. Then please don't ever get married and move away.”
“I have no prospects for marriage. Pickings of single men around here in my age category are almost as bad as for the older women.”
“Surely there are some single men.”
“There are, for a fact. A couple of broke farmers whose wives left them because they couldn't make ends met. A truck driver who thinks every woman in town is hot for his body, and one of these days he's gonna put his hand on my butt when I'm in the wrong mood and I'm going to call the cops. There's a maintenance man at the school who is kind of slow. I think that's about all.”
“Paul Hoffmeier is single.”
She laughed. “Yeah. Right. Like I'd have a snowball's chance in hell with Doctor Hoffmeier!”
“Why not? You're pretty. You're smart. You can be funny when you feel like it. You can be personable when you're not being stubborn and pigheaded. What’s more, I think he likes you.”
“Don't be silly. The Hoffmeiers have always walked around this town with their noses in the air. Paul was the big man on campus in school and after he came back from medical school he was even worse. There is no way he'd so much as look at a farm girl who's the local librarian.”
“If you say so. Maybe you'll find out if you’re right when you start working with him on the committee.”
The organizing meeting was scheduled for Thursday. With the frigid temperatures and frequent snow showers, the library was not busy. Amanda spent several hours each day researching the various ways enterprise development commissions were organized around the country. She also looked at small to mid-sized companies that she thought might be suitable for the kinds of development they were looking for. She pulled aerial photos of the entire county for the purpose of determining the best places to build business parks.
The group assembled in the library conference room at 5:30 on Thursday. Amanda had made coffee and bought bottled water and some soft drinks. She had printed out the results of her research and had assembled a folder for each committee member.
Donna Anderson was first to arrive. She hugged Amanda and the women chatted for a few minutes. Bill Bannock came in a few minutes later. Amanda knew who he was but had never met him. She shook his hand. He said, “I think you are about the only person in town who hasn't eaten in my restaurant. I'd love it if you and your dad would be my guest maybe one Sunday afternoon.”
She smiled and said, “That's very kind of you, but we hardly ever eat out.”
“Your dad eats lunch there a couple of times a month, and I haven't poisoned him yet.”
“I'm glad to hear that. Maybe I should say that I hardly ever eat out in a restaurant.”
“Why?”
She said, “To be honest, I like my own cooking better than almost anything I could get in a restaurant. The exception is stuff like Chinese food. I haven't mastered that, and really haven't tried.”
He laughed and said, “Your cooking is the stuff of legend around here. Instead of inviting you to eat in my restaurant, maybe I should offer you a job as a cook. Or at least pick your brain for recipes.”
“I'm not looking for a job, but I'm always happy to share recipes.”
“I may very well take you up on that.”
The mayor interrupted before that conversation could go on any further. He bustled in, making a big production out of taking off his coat and galoshes. Then he greeted each of them with hand-shaking and back-patting as though he were hosting the meeting or campaigning for something. Amanda tried not to let herself get irritated.
Paul arrived right at 5:30, with apologies for pushing it so close on the time. He said that, with flu season in full swing, he had people walking into the office to be worked in between scheduled appointments. Amanda was somewhat germ-phobic, and did not move to shake his hand. Then she noticed he didn't shake anyone's hand. 
Paul asked everyone to be seated. He added that he hoped to keep the meetings to 90 minutes or less to avoid burning out early. He passed out copies of an agenda for the meeting, which included primarily self-organizing business.
Amanda pushed the stack of folders toward him, saying, “It was a very slow week in the library this week, so I did a little research on how committees like this are organized in other places. I thought that might help get us started. In addition, I printed maps and aerial views of the area for reference. The last section is a list of businesses that some financial analysts are saying may be ready to expand in the next couple of years.”
Paul pushed a folder towards each person. He flipped through his copy and whistled. “This is fantastic! It could save us months of work.”
Donna said, “There's nothing in here about casinos.”
“I can look into the companies most likely to be looking into this area, but I wanted to start with this stuff, because it seems to me that our best argument against the prospect of a casino is to offer the community a more attractive alternative. If all we're about is 'blocking progress' it would be easy for the casino marketers, the politicians and the pro-gambling people in the community to paint us as a bunch of cranks who are trying to stand in the way of progress.” She grinned, “Between us, I will admit that I think that's precisely what I actually am, but I think we will be more effective if we can offer a different vision of the kind of progress we want for our community.”
Paul's lips twitched. Amanda looked at him and said, “What?”
“I'm trying to refrain from standing up to cheer. I think in five minutes you just put us six months ahead of schedule.” He flipped back to the first section and scanned the pages. “Let's talk first about how we want to organize ourselves and how we plan to finance whatever work we do.”
They reviewed the various options. The mayor said, “I like the ones that are kind of public-private partnerships. They report to the town council so there's some public accountability, but they operate independently. I'm on the fence about public versus private funding.”
Bill said, “I think we should be privately funded. The city's finances are tight enough without us asking the council for money.”
Donna asked if the business community, which was also struggling, would be able to kick in money for the committee. Mayor Stevens said they might be motivated to try to help. He offered to raise the question at his next Rotary meeting. Bill said he'd bring it up a Kiwanis. Amanda said she'd do some research to see if there might be grant money available for such endeavors. The other four all said that was a good idea.
They agreed to meet weekly on Thursdays, with their first priority to try to bring in some new businesses to the community as an alternative to gaming. They would turn their attention to combating overtures by casinos when and if there were any. Bill wanted to know how they would know if a casino was nosing around the community. He said it was his understanding they were often pretty clandestine about it.
Paul laughed, “Nothing goes on in this town that everybody doesn't know about within 24 hours, usually less. That goes double for strangers nosing around.”
Donna nodded but cautioned, “I heard that they often don't actually show up in town. They do a lot by mail and phone.”
Paul said, “If we're right that the Kreuger farm is the best potential location, I'm guessing we should know right away.
Amanda said, “Assuming that my dad's declaration of war at the community meeting and my participation in this group doesn't cause them to use a different tactic. If the McCarthy's are amenable to selling, and if I were a casino company, I'd buy their farm with the thought that I could then get the Kreuger property pretty cheap.”
Mayor Stevens said softly, “I think you're absolutely right. Somehow we have to get the McCarthy's on board.”
Amanda scanned the group with an evil smile, “David McCarthy is a contractor. Nobody's built anything around here in a while. I'm guessing he's hurting for money which is probably why Sheila is hot to sell his land. What if we make it known that one of our plans will be to build one or more business parks in the area as an inducement for companies to relocate here? If we're true to our mission of supporting the local business community, David's would be the logical company to hire for the site preparation work.”
The group thought that was an interesting suggestion, but none of them was prepared to go that far out on a limb.
They agreed to poll the business community during the week and come back the following week to discuss funding for their efforts. The mayor agreed to put the prospect of tax incentives for non-gaming companies on the council agenda. Amanda asked, “Can we discriminate like that?”
No one knew the answer. Paul said, “My brother-in-law in Indianapolis is a lawyer. I'll hit him up for some free advice.”
The meeting broke up and Amanda started cleaning up the room. Paul followed her to the break room where she put the coffee thermos, cups and glasses into the small dishwasher. He leaned against the door jamb and said, “That was pretty impressive.”
“What was?”
“Your contribution to the meeting tonight was amazing. Thank you.”
She made a face. “You will learn that I don't do things half assed. I don't want to do this, but I feel that I don't have a choice. If the McCarthy's sell and a casino is built on their property, Dad and I will have to move. I am determined to do whatever I can to avoid that eventuality.”
“I totally understand, and I agree with you. My parents' house is on the hill directly overlooking your farm. A casino on either property would obstruct their view of the river and be an eyesore for them and for all the other people who live on the hillsides.”
“I hadn't thought about the impact on the people who live on the hills. I suppose they built a lot of those houses with the view in mind, and paid extra to boot.”
“Yeah. My dad becomes apoplectic every time someone mentions the subject of anybody building anything on the river, and my mom's ready to sell out now and move away to avoid my dad having a heart attack over it.”
“Where do you live?”
He looked a little sheepish. “Actually, after my divorce, I moved into the apartment upstairs of my office.”
She laughed, “That makes you a really old-fashioned doctor, huh?”
“Yes. My patients know I'm there and sometimes take advantage. I've had people ring my doorbell at all hours.”
“That's definitely taking advantage.”
He ran his fingers through his hair and shrugged. “I answer the door, though.”
They walked out together and he waited for her to start her car and pull out before he left the parking lot.
Her dad was waiting for her when she got home. He had left the crock pot of stew out for her. She dished up a plate and, in response to his unspoken but obvious impatience to learn how the meeting went, said, “It went pretty well, I think. We're off to a good start. It's going to be a whole lot of work, but we have to do it.”
He put down his book and said, “I understand why the mayor and Bill Bannock are involved. Donna Anderson is from one of the old families, but her land is inland and her husband is in the lumber business, so he could benefit from new construction. I'm not quite sure how passionate she is about this. The unknown factor for me is Paul Hoffmeier. What's your sense about him?”
“I had forgotten this, but he reminded me that his parents live in one of those communities with the big, expensive houses on the hilltops. Their house overlooks the river. Evidently his dad is pretty worked up about the prospect of losing the view.”
Marvin laughed, “Yeah. Especially after paying way too much for most of those houses, the value of which has fallen due to the economy. If they build a casino in the way of their river view, those folks wouldn't be able to give their fancy homes away.”
“That seems to be the lines along which Paul’s dad is thinking. Plus, I had the sense that Paul's doing it for his own reasons, too. He doesn't have a view from his house nor does he live on the river, but he's a doctor who knows – intimately – a large segment of the population. His dad took care of them and now they've become Paul's responsibility since his dad's retirement. I get the impression that he's thinking of more than his family.”
“You haven't made one smart remark about him being a snob.”
“He didn't show a sign of that tonight. Maybe he's changed.”
“Or maybe you were over-sensitive about it.”
“Oh, he was a snob, alright. But, I think he’s changed.”
Marvin walked into the living room but not before she noticed his crooked grin.
Chapter 4
A few weeks later, Amanda came home from the meeting and told her father that they had set up a couple of appointments to meet with businesses that might be interested in Washburn. “There are two companies in Cincinnati that are very interested in opening locations here. One is interested in moving completely and the other is ready to expand, but has no room to grow where they are.”
“When are you meeting with them?”
“Mayor Stevens, Paul and I are going to meet with them on Monday. We will drive to Cincinnati on Sunday. We have an appointment in the morning with one company and in the afternoon with another. We'll drive home Monday night.”
“You're making amazing progress! How did you solve your financing problems?”
“Sort of the way we're going to solve the overall problem: patchwork. We have some start-up money from a couple of anonymous donors (I suspect that the Hoffmeier family is one of them). A few businesses have pledged to give us a little money every month. I found a grant for $20,000. We've applied for some development money from the state legislature. We're not going to be staying at swanky hotels, but we have money to visit potential partners. We also have a commitment from the hotels her, as well as from Bill Bannock and one other restaurant that if business owners want to visit Washburn, they'll put them up and feed them for free.”
After a little while, Marvin said softly, “At the risk of getting myself in trouble, I'm wondering what you plan to wear to these business meetings?”
She smiled and sighed. “I was really worried about that until I remembered that I have a bunch of business suits that I bought the year I graduated from college when I was working in the administrator's office at that hospital in Indy. I had to wear suits. I was young, single, had money and no bills, so I bought a bunch of really nice ones. Women's business suits don't change that much style-wise. I dug them out and they still fit. Actually, I've lost a few pounds and they fit better than they did then. I took them to the cleaners, so I'll be putting up a respectable face as a representative of Washburn.” She grinned, “Instead of looking like a frumpy librarian who has no clothes other than chinos and black tee-shirts.”
He laughed, “Am I in trouble?”
“No. It was a legitimate question. Actually, it was kind of funny. Donna and Bill are available to host visitors, but because of their jobs and they both have small children, they'd prefer not to travel. I could see the question in Donna's eyes when I said I could go. I made it a point to ask her advice about whether or not I could get away with wearing my twelve year old suits. I showed them to her. She thought they were perfect.”
Amanda added, “The only thing I need is a small suitcase. Do you have one?”
“Yeah. I have a set of luggage and there's a small one that I've never used. You can have it.”
“Thanks.”
On Sunday afternoon, Amanda packed, showered and dressed in jeans for the trip to Cincinnati. Paul Hoffmeier had offered to drive. He said he would pick up Mayor Stevens in town and then they'd pick up Amanda on the way.
He pulled in to the back yard in a black BMW sedan. Marvin muttered, “You'll be riding in style, gal.”
“Shut up.” She kissed her father and put her suitcase in the trunk. She started to get in the back seat, but the mayor got out and suggested that she ride up front. Since she occasionally got car sick riding in the back seat, she didn't argue.
It was a sunny late winter day that felt almost balmy after the frigid weather in December and January. Paul was a good driver and Amanda found herself enjoying the trip. The mayor entertained them with stories consisting mostly of town gossip, and Paul added a few of his own. Amanda got into the spirit and found that she had tucked away a few anecdotes about amusing occurrences in the library. They not only served to pass the time, but to rehearse stories they could tell to emphasize the wholesome aspects of life in a small town. (Providing, of course, they steered clear of the stories about some of the less-than-wholesome antics of a few citizens.)
They checked into a hotel in one of the northern suburbs of the city that was about half-way between the two businesses they planned to visit. As they waited by the elevator, Paul looked at his watch. “It's six o'clock. Let's dump our stuff in our rooms and go grab a bite.”
Amanda made a face at the prospect of eating out, but she was hungry, so she agreed. They met back in the lobby about fifteen minutes later. The mayor looked at Amanda and said, “What kinds of restaurants do you like?”
She laughed and said, “About the only kind of restaurant I ever patronize is the Chinese take out place because I can't cook Chinese food. Other than that, I eat at home.”
Paul said, “I love Thai food. Do you two like spicy food?”
Amanda nodded. The mayor shook his head, but added, “When I go to places like that, I stick to the fried rice, which is usually pretty good.”
They found a Thai restaurant nearby that wasn't too crowded. Amanda told the server that she had never had Thai food before and asked for a recommendation. The woman suggested she start with pad Thai. She asked Amanda how spicy she wanted it. Amanda thought about that and said she'd better start with something in the medium range. The mayor ordered fried rice. Paul ordered red curry and asked for it “Thai hot.”
Amanda asked, “What does that mean?”
“It means it'll make my eyeball sweat, but, Lord, is it ever good.”
The food was delicious. Paul did sweat a little. At one point he raised his eyebrows and winked at her, “You want a taste?”
She started to say no, but changed her mind. “Yes. I think I would.” With a clean spoon she took a small taste of the rice with chicken and vegetables in a pinkish sauce. At first it didn't seem too hot, then the flavors started sparkling in her mouth, after which she experienced the backwash of heat. She flushed and then said, “Oh, wow! Is that ever good!”
The men laughed. The waitress had overheard. She came by a few minutes later with a dish of some kind of pepper. She said, “This will add heat to your dish. Be careful with it. It's very hot.”
Amanda added some pepper to her dish and enjoyed it immensely. They went back to the hotel and the men decided to go to the bar for a drink. Amanda opted for bed.
The next morning they planned to meet in the lobby for the complementary breakfast. Amanda got up early, showered and put on a little make-up, which she rarely wore at home. She dressed in a conservative herringbone suit with a belted jacket and a black blouse. She had bought a pair of plain black pumps. She looked at herself in the mirror and was somewhat amazed. She looked very professional, except for the pony tale.
She took that down and pulled her hair into a French twist, which she anchored with a dozen Bobbie pins and way more hairspray that was probably necessary. She checked the mirror again, and thought she'd just moved from the secretarial pool to the executive suite. She was very pleased.
A few minutes later, she joined the men in the lobby. They were drinking coffee. The mayor jumped up and said, “My land, Amanda, you look fantastic!”
“Thank you.”
Paul merely said, “Good morning,” but Amanda saw the glint of approval in his eyes and she blushed.
They ate quickly and then went to the office of their first prospect. The company repaired farm implements. It was a small a family business that had been founded two generations earlier. Originally it had been located in a rural area and served the farming communities north of Cincinnati. The city had engulfed both the company's facility and most of the farms it served. They met with the young man who ran the company as well as his father and grandfather.
It was a friendly meeting. The business owners were very clear about the fact that they saw only two options for their family. They could close the business and the younger generation could work for other companies, or they could move to an area where there might be a market for their services. They wanted a place with decent schools for the young man's three small children. They thought rural Indiana might be just the ticket.
The mayor went into some detail about farming statistics in southern Indiana, both near Washburn and in the surrounding areas. He acknowledged that farms were going under in Indiana just like they were everywhere, but insisted that the area would probably fit their family's needs. Paul followed with a speech about the schools and the quality of life in Washburn. When he was finished, the business owners looked at Amanda.
She looked at her hands for a minute and then looked up, meeting the man's stare, her eyes shining with tears. “I have very little to add. I am the fourth generation of my family to live on our farm. We have a large house garden where I raise all kinds of things. My dad leases out most of our land these days because we both work in town and he's too old to actually do the farming any more. Our lessee plants corn. I'm a farm girl. I can milk a cow, drive a tractor and fix derned near anything that breaks on the farm, or at least patch it together enough to last until it can be replaced or repaired properly by someone like you.
“I went to the local schools, which are still pretty good, although I'll be honest and tell you that they're not as good as they used to be because the school board is not as strong as it used to be. I am the town librarian. This morning I realized that this trip is the first time I've been out of Washburn in months.
“Washburn is my heritage, my home and I love it.
“We are talking to you today because we're fighting to maintain the quality of life in our community. We need to bring in jobs that will allow young people to stay in the community near their families. My high school graduating class was 150 kids. I did some research, with help from the high school guidance counselor. Only seven of us live in the immediate area today, because there are no jobs for young people. I lived for about a year in Indianapolis after I graduated from college, working in the administrative office of a hospital. I liked my work, but I didn't like living in the city. I moved back home and was offered the the job in the library. I do okay because I live at home with my dad and he doesn't charge me rent, but my salary wouldn't allow me to live on my own.
 “There are still a lot of farms in the area, and I think you could probably eke out a living there, perhaps better than you are here, while raising your family in just the kind of area you're looking for. I'd like to invite you to visit and see for yourself.
“But I would like to suggest something else.
“We're trying to attract businesses that will add jobs to our community. We're looking for light industry, and/or high tech and/or small manufacturing companies that won't pollute the air and water but will give our young people jobs. I'd like to suggest that you consider moving to Washburn, but at the same time expand your operations in some way. You're just the kind of people I want for neighbors, and I think you'll find the quality of life in our community to be as close to what you're looking for as you're going to find in America today. I'm asking you to consider expanding a bit so that you will bring jobs into our community along with your wonderful family.”
The mayor looked at her as though he wanted to smack her. Paul's face was a mask. The grandfather bit his lip but not before she noticed the signs of a suppressed smile. The father looked almost outraged. The young man who ran the business leaned forward and said softly, “I actually have a business plan. Many of the family farms that still exist in Ohio and Indiana are occupied by family units such as yours. Aging parents. Occasionally adult children who have full time jobs. They don't have the time or, in some cases, the know-how to run a farm. We have generations of experience repairing farm equipment, but we're also honest-to-God farmers. I have developed a business plan to continue to repair farm implements, but also to operate a kind of two-fold service business. One would be home maintenance and repairs. A lot of people in rural areas are elderly and their kids live far away. They need people to do home maintenance. I can do that to fill in when business is slow. If I'm lucky, I might have enough work to sub-contract out to others. Those families that are farming need help in the spring for planting and in the fall for harvest. I'd like to gather a pool of people who could help with that. In past times, neighbors would go from farm to farm to help plant and harvest. That doesn't happen anymore. If a pool of workers was available to help with the work, the farmers wouldn't have to rent out their land like you do. I've been doing a lot of research about how to organize that kind of thing.
“Would you like to see the business plan I've put together?”
Amanda grinned, “I probably wouldn't be able to make heads or tales of it. Perhaps Paul would like to see it.” She leaned forward and looked the man directly in the eyes. “When can you pay us a visit? You've got the idea of what we're looking for and you're definitely our kind of people,” she grinned at him and winked, “even if you are a bunch of Buckeyes.”
He laughed out loud and said, “How about next week?”
She looked at the mayor and then at Paul. “Can we be ready within a week?”
The mayor started to sputter about having to make arrangements. Paul cut him off, and looked at the business owner and then at Amanda, saying, “I think we can be ready in a week.”
Amanda said, “The hotel in town has agreed to provide a free room to visitors. I don't want to take advantage. Could you do with just one room?”
The young man said, “For the first trip, it will be just me and my wife.”
Paul said, “In that case, we'll have some people from the business community show you around and either Amanda or Donna Anderson, another member of our committee who is a native of Washburn, can give your wife a tour of the schools and neighborhoods.”
“That would be wonderful.”
The group went straight from that meeting to a lunch meeting with a company that manufactured boat components, and was looking to build a new factory somewhere closer to Louisville, where their biggest customer was located. The meeting was friendly. The company was definitely planning to move to either rural Indiana or Kentucky. Their decision hinged on what kind of incentives the local community had to offer. The representative indicated they expected to build a factory that would employ about twenty people in the manufacturing operations, perhaps two truck drivers and a couple of maintenance people, plus two or three office workers. He said the company would probably transfer one person to manage the operations, but all the other jobs would be filled locally. He gave them each a folder showing the blueprints for the factory, and the job descriptions for the positions, and invited them to let him know what kind of tax breaks or site preparation the city would be able to offer.
The delegation barely said a word during that meeting.
On the way home, they rode in silence for a couple of hours, each lost in their private thoughts. For a first time out, it was a massive success. After a while, Paul said, “Mayor, I think we should meet with the council to consider what they might be able to offer McMillan Manufacturing. Amanda, would you take the lead putting together a tour for the Buckleys?”
“Yes. I'll see if Donna can shepherd Mrs. Buckley around. I think that my dad could give Dan Buckley a meaningful tour of the local farming community.”
Paul asked, “It was kind of brilliant on your part, but what prompted you throw down that challenge?”
“Because those people are exactly the kind of folks I want to have for neighbors, but it appeared to me at first that they were just looking out for their own interests. Our job on this committee is to bring jobs into our community. No matter how nice the people are, before we roll out the red carpet and help people move into our town, there's got to be something in it for us, too.”
The corners of Paul's mouth twitched. She said, “You disagree?”
“No! You are absolutely correct. I guess I never figured that you'd be quite so clear about that kind of thing.”
She bristled. “You mean because I'm a librarian with no business savvy or because I'm a woman?”
He chuckled, “That is akin to the question 'do these pants make my butt look fat?' There is no way to answer it without getting into trouble.”
She chuckled and said, “I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. You should know that I actually do have quite a bit of business acumen. I help Dad run the farm. I run the library which requires both the ability to budget to within a penny, to keep the patrons and the Board happy, and to not ever forget to kiss the ass of every volunteer who walks in the door, regardless of whether they are actually any help to me or not. In fact, the ones who are the least help typically expect the most stroking.”
Paul and the mayor laughed. Amanda clamped her jaw and looked out the window, annoyed that the men seemed to think she was exaggerating, which she most definitely was not.
The town Council was scheduled to meet on Tuesday. The mayor suggested that Paul and Amanda attend to assist him in reporting on their meetings. Amanda offered to send out an email to the entire committee summarizing the results of their efforts and inviting Donna and Bill to attend the Council meeting as well. She asked if Paul wanted to see it before it went out.
“No. I have no interest in micromanaging this committee. If I have something to add, I'll chime in on the email.”
A few minutes later, Paul pulled into Amanda's driveway. When he stopped the car, Amanda got out. The mayor moved to the front seat and Paul got out to open the trunk. She raised her eyebrows and said, “I'm guessing you could have opened the trunk from inside the car. My suitcase isn't heavy.”
He opened the trunk and took a step closer to her. He said softly, “You were amazing today. Thank you so much for agreeing to be on the committee.”
She smiled up into his eyes and said, “You know, I think I may actually surprise myself and enjoy it.”
“That's the spirit!” He hesitated for a moment and then said, a little too fast, “I have two tickets to see the traveling show of Les Miserables in Louisville next weekend. My mother and father bought the tickets for themselves but my mother has the shingles, so they gave the tickets to me. I love the play, but I don't want to go alone. Dad won't leave Mom at home by herself. Would you go with me?”
A thousand objections swirled around in her head, but it had been years since she'd been to a play other than local high school productions, and she loved the music from Les Miz. She thought it was a bad idea to have a personal relationship with the head of the committee, but then she told herself it wasn't a date. She would just be keeping him company. Her desire to see the play won over all objections, and she nodded. “I have never seen the play but I have the soundtrack CD and I've about worn it out.”
“You will love the play. I've seen it twice, once on Broadway, and it makes me happy every time I think about the music.
“The show is a Sunday matinee. My parents don't like to drive at night. It's at two o'clock. If we leave about 11:30 AM, we should have plenty of time to find a parking space and get there without having to rush. After the play, we can grab a bite to eat on the way home, if you like.”
She said, “We'll play that by ear. I'm guessing that a matinee is not quite as dressy as an evening performance. Will dress pants and a sweater work?”
“These days anything goes. Wear whatever makes you comfortable.”
She took her suitcase out of the trunk and said, “Okay then, I'll see you on Tuesday at the Council meeting.”
He waved. She waved at the mayor who appeared to be checking his email on his phone and didn't look up. 
Marvin was watching TV in the parlor when she came into the room. He turned off the television and looked up at her, “How did it go?”
She beamed at him and did a pirouette. “It was amazing! We invited the Buckley people to visit. I'd like your help with that. It will be a man and his wife. I'll have Donna show her around. He'll want to see the farming community and meet some of your friends. The McMillan company is definitely going to build a factory somewhere in this area. They're going to pick the place that offers them the best incentives. I'm going to the Council meeting Tuesday to present our report and to invite the Council to consider making an offer to the McMillan company.”
He grinned. “You're babbling.”
“I know. I'm excited. I also have something else to be excited about.”
“What's that?”
“Well, I'm going to leave you to your own devices for Sunday dinner. I'm going to a play in Louisville with Paul.”
“I told you he likes you.”
“Let's not go there, Dad. He has tickets and doesn't want to go alone. Let's leave it at that.”
“If you say so.”
“I say so.” She stretched and said, “And now, I'm going to bed. That hotel bed last night was comfortable, but it wasn't my bed, in my room. Good night, Dad.”
He mumbled something and turned on the TV again.
Ordinarily, Amanda's days flowed in an ordered way one after the other, almost all the same. Suddenly, she found time speeding up and her normally serene life busy with all kinds of new challenges. She made the arrangements for the Buckleys' visit, working out the details of Mrs. Buckley's tour with Donna and making reservations for them at the hotel and Bill's restaurant.
The Council meeting on Tuesday lasted until after midnight as they discussed options for incentives they might offer to McMillan and/or other businesses interested in the area. One of the things they definitely wanted to be able to do was to develop a business park. Paul gently suggested that perhaps they should discuss hiring David McCarthy to do some preliminary site work. That prompted several council members to chuckle, but the majority agreed that it would be a good idea to at least float the proposal by David to gauge his reaction.
The Buckleys arrived mid-morning on Friday. Amanda had invited them to come to the library first. Amanda greeted Dan and Pat Buckley and ushered them to the conference room where she offered them coffee. She called Donna and her dad to let them know the Buckleys had arrived. There being no one in the library, she sat with them and answered their questions about the town's history and culture. Pat laughed and said, “You are just like our librarian at home. She's walking encyclopedia about the area.”
“Is she also a third generation resident?”
“Actually I think her family's lived in our town since before the Civil War. One of her distant ancestors has a plaque on his tombstone indicating that he served in the Union Army.”
“Wow. That's got me beat.”
Donna and Marvin arrived at the same time. Amanda offered them coffee and the group visited for a while. Presently, Donna invited Pat on a tour of the schools, shops and neighborhoods. Marvin looked at his watch and said to Dan, “The gang should be assembled at the gas station. What do you say we catch up with them, and you can meet some of the local farmers.”
Amanda looked at her watch. The volunteer who was supposed to relieve her so she could go on the tour had not shown up. She held up her hands and said, “I'm going to have to stay here.” She looked around at the empty library and shrugged, “Not that it's such a hotbed of activity, but it is my job.”
Marvin patted her shoulder and said, “Actually, I think Dan and I will do better without you. What time did you make dinner reservations?”
“Six. At Bill's.”
“We'll meet you there.”
Donna said, “Pat and I will meet you all there as well.”
Amanda went into her office and sent an email to Paul and Mayor Stevens letting them know the Buckleys had arrived and been handed off to their respective tour guides. She invited both of them to meet the group at the restaurant. The mayor declined, indicating that he had a meeting. Paul replied that he'd be there if he could but told her not to wait for him. He said his waiting room was packed due to a small epidemic of respiratory infections. He wasn't sure he'd be finished in time to make dinner.
Amanda noticed that she felt a little disappointed by that. Then she told herself she needed to get a grip.
 Paul did not make it in time to eat dinner, but he did show up as they were ordering dessert. He greeted the guests and visited for a few minutes, saying he would leave them in the good hands of the rest of the committee, and hoped he'd see them again in the near future.
Amanda and Marvin led them to the hotel where Amanda made sure the desk clerk knew they were not to be charged for the room. Dan told her that they were going to hang around for a little while on Saturday and would probably leave in the early afternoon. She invited them to come to the house for lunch before they left. They agreed to stop by about one o'clock.
On the drive home, Marvin said, “Dan really liked it here. I'm not so sure about Pat.”
Amanda said, “I think the big hurdle for her will be moving away from her family. I have the impression that Dan's dad and grandfather will tag along. I'm guessing Pat's family is somewhere near where they live. That could be a problem.”
He said, “I hope we can convince them to move here. I really liked him, and so did the guys.”
“Me, too. It's been a while since new people moved into the area. Even if they don't bring any jobs with them, I have the impression they would be an asset to the community.” She looked at him and chuckled, “What denomination are they?”
He smiled, “Lutheran.”
“Maybe I should arrange for Lil Hollander to stop by tomorrow around lunchtime. She's an impressive person. I think Pat would like her.”
“Oh, my God. Who knew my daughter was such a political animal?”
She blushed. “I guess that might appear too obviously manipulative.”
The lunch with the Buckleys went very well. They were impressed with the area and thought that it would suit them. They said they'd like to think about it, and they'd come back again and look at some property. Amanda asked if they'd like her to have a local realtor send them information on property that might suit their needs. Dan asked her to have the realtor contact him to discuss the kind of place they had in mind.
They left around three o’clock. As soon as the door closed, Amanda clapped her hands and did a little happy dance. “Our first contact is a winner for Washburn!”
Marvin smiled and said, “It is such a delight to see you so excited.”
She grinned at him for a minute, and said, “Well, now that I have all that excitement out of the way, I'm going to have to do something to combat my nervousness about tomorrow. I can't believe I agreed to go to a play with Paul Hoffmeier. In Louisville! That's four hours in the car with him. What will we talk about? I need to wash my hair and iron my pants. And I need to ….”
“You need to settle down and quit babbling.”
As it turned out, Amanda and Paul had no trouble finding things to talk about. He was four years older than her, but they'd grown up in the same town, gone to the same schools. They knew the same people. They talked about town gossip, and they talked about the committee and their hopes and dreams for their community, which were remarkably similar. They also commented on the scenery and how much they looked forward to spring after the dreariness of winter. Amanda was pleased to learn that Paul loved Washburn and the river as much as she did. Before they got to Evansville, Amanda had completely relaxed, and they were chatting as though they'd been friends forever. 
She loved the play, and embarrassed herself by crying most of the way through it. As they were walking to the car, he asked, “Do you want to get a bite here before we leave or stop on the road.”
She said, “If you don't mind, I'd rather not go to a restaurant. I must look like a mess. I think I bawled through the whole play. I'm pretty sure I'm a blotchy mess. I don't want anyone to think I've been drinking or something.”
He smiled. “If you are okay to wait a while, I know a super little place that's about half way home.”
They talked mostly about the play for a while, and then they fell quiet. Soon, Paul pulled into the parking lot of a hole in the wall place. “You and your blotchy face can wait here. I'm going to get us the best hoagies you've ever tasted. Do you like Italian sausage?”
She nodded. He went inside and Amanda relaxed in the seat. She realized that his scent lingered in the car. It wasn't cologne. It was a combination of a fresh scented soap with a slightly musky cologne. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply. 
She jumped when he opened the door. He said, “You had a positively beatific look on your face. Whatever were you thinking about?” 
Amanda blushed and turned all blotchy again. She said, “I'd be embarrassed to tell you.”
“Don't be.”
“Really, it's silly.” She sniffed the sandwiches and said, “Oh my God, that bread smells divine.”
“Every morsel of that sandwich will take you to pleasure zones you didn't know you had.”
He pulled out of the parking lot. She asked where they were going. He said, “It's warm enough for a picnic if we don't take off our coats and eat fast.”
A few minutes later, he pulled into a riverside park with concrete picnic tables and walking trails. They sat next to each other on the same side of a picnic table, watching the water. They both savored the sandwiches, and then walked for a while by the river. Later Amanda tried to remember when they had started holding hands. She thought she should be embarrassed at moving so fast with him. But she wasn't.
After their walk, he drove towards Washburn. Amanda thought it must be her imagination, but it seemed he drove slower the closer he got to her house. 
As they drove up the lane toward the house, Paul said, “I had a wonderful time today. Could I take you to dinner sometime?”
She stammered some nonsense and then managed to say, “I'd like that.” 
“What would be a good night for you?”
“I'm pretty much free any time except for Thursday night.” 
“How about Friday? I'm off on Friday afternoon, so I could pick you up anytime after you get off work. The place I have in mind is kind of a drive, but it's totally worth it.”
“I get home by 5:30, but I'd like to change. Could we make it six?”
“You can get ready in half an hour?”
“Oh, yeah.”
They laughed together and Amanda thought his laughter sounded like music. She told herself she needed to get a grip, but she knew she really didn't want to. 
He opened her door and walked her to the back door of the house. She shook his hand and thanked him for a wonderful day. He smiled and held her hand between both of his. “It was wonderful for me, too.” He hesitated for a second. Then he squeezed her hand gently and said, “I'll see you on Thursday.”
On Monday at noon, Paul walked into the library with coffee and a deli bag. He said, “I understand you bring your lunch, so I just brought you coffee. Mind if I join you for lunch?”
She looked around. There were no patrons in the library. She didn't know what else to say, so she said, “I usually eat in my office. Will you join me?”
“Sure. Since I already invited myself.”
They ate quickly, and talked mainly about the weather. Too soon, he glanced at his watch and said, “I hate to eat and run, but I have a patient in five minutes, and this lady is not one who can be kept waiting.” He rolled up his bag, put it in the trash can and lightly touched her cheek with the back of his hand as he said good-bye. 
Amanda was still sitting in her office sipping coffee and feeling as though she'd been through a whirlwind when Ellen Hoskins came into the library. She walked into Amanda's office and laughed, “Holy smoke. I haven't seen that look on your face before. Please tell me you were thinking about a man and not a recipe.”
Amanda laughed and blushed to an almost purple hue. She could feel the blush go from her face to her chest. She put her face in her hands and nodded her head. 
Ellen plopped in a guest chair and leaned forward, “Who is the lucky man who's caught your eye?”
Amanda couldn't stop smiling, but she flushed again. “Dr. Hoffmeier. Do you know him?”
“As a matter of fact, I do. He is our family doctor.” She narrowed her yes and licked her lips, adding, “This is inappropriate coming from a preacher's wife, but I think he's a dish. How is it that you never noticed him before?”
Amanda ran her fingers through her long, black hair. “I guess I always thought he was way out of my league.”
“Until?”
“Until we started working together on the committee. He's nice and smart. He a gentleman and polite. He asked me to go to a play with him yesterday. And then today he brought me coffee.”
“You didn't mention that he's gorgeous.”
“He is nice looking.”
Ellen made an exasperated noise and held up her hand in supplication. She asked, “Do you have plans for another date?”
“Yesterday wasn't really a date. His parents gave him tickets to see Les Miserables in Louisville, and he didn't want to go alone. But, he is taking me to dinner on Friday.”
“And he brought you coffee today?”
“Yes.”
“I think he must like you.”
“I can't imagine that he would be interested in me.”
“Why not? You're smart, beautiful and the perfect age.”
“I'm just not the kind of girl a doctor that would be interested in. Seems to me he could do better than a farm girl.”
“When was the last time you went out on a date?”
“I've only had one boyfriend. It was in college. He died. I haven't dated anyone since then.”
“You've been living in this town for years with a single doctor down the road and you haven't …” Ellen shook her head and made a dismissive gesture with her hands. “You're hopeless.” Then she asked, “Where are you going for dinner?”
“I don't know.”
“What are you going to wear?”
“I haven't thought about it. I could wear a skirt that goes with one of my suits with a sweater.”
Ellen rolled her eyes and said, “You should probably find out where you're going, but I guess a skirt and sweater would work almost anywhere. Here's a radical idea. You haven't been on a date in more than ten years. Maybe you might want to go to a place called a store and buy something new that makes you feel good.”
“I have plenty of things to wear.”
“What do you have to wear besides chinos and those fifteen year old suits you dragged out of your attic?”
“I have some really nice jeans.”
Ellen stood to go, “If you change your mind about going shopping, I'd be happy to go along. Are you going to call me after your date on Friday, or am I going to have to track you down and drag it out of you?”
“I probably won't call Friday, but I'll fill you in.”

Amanda thought Thursday would never come. Everybody had completed their assignments before the meeting and they each reported on the status of their contacts. They had two new businesses visiting in the next three weeks. After the others left, Paul lingered to help Amanda straighten up the conference room. She smiled and said, “I can get this.”
“I know you can, but I'm going to walk you to your car. It's dark outside.”
She waved at the volunteers who would be closing up in an hour, and followed Paul outside. His car was parked next to hers. He looked as though he wanted to talk but it was too cold. He opened her car door and said, “Are we still on for tomorrow?”
“Of course. You didn't tell me where we're going. Would a skirt and sweater be appropriate?”
“That would be fine.” He grinned. “I think you'd be a knockout in just about anything.”
“Please don't embarrass me.”
“It embarrasses you that I think you're lovely?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“Because. I don't know. Nobody else does.”
“How do you know? I happen to know that you are considered by many to be the prettiest woman in town.”
“Be serious!”
“I am serious.”
“The fact that you don't wear make up or dress up is beside the point. When it comes to the raw materials of a totally beautiful woman, you've got the goods.” He made a silly face. “Even if you don't often do much with them.”
She put her hand on his chest to push him aside. He put his hand over hers and held it. She could feel his heart beating. He opened the door all the way and continued to hold her hand as she got in the car.”
He leaned forward and put his lips next to her ear, “I'll see you tomorrow at six. Good-night.”
She was almost home before her heart stopped hammering.
She filled her dad in on the meeting. When she was finished, he said, “You know, I'm thrilled that you're involved with this committee and all, but I worry about you driving home at night by yourself. Are your eyes better?”
“No. As a matter of fact, I think they're a little worse.”
“You want me to take you to work on Thursdays and pick you up after the meeting?”
“No. I think I'm okay. There's very little traffic out this way at night and I know the way home.”
She started to head for bead, and then stopped. “Are you going to the VFW meeting tomorrow?”
“Yeah. Probably. Why?”
“Do they still have the fish fry on Fridays?”
“Yeah.”
“Would you mind having dinner there?”
“Not at all. I love their fish. Do you have some committee thing going on?”
“No. Actually I have a date.”
“Really?” He asked with feigned cluelessness, “With whom?”
She held up her hand. “I don't want any comments from you.” He zipped his lip and grinned. She said, “I'm going to dinner with Paul Hoffmeier.”
Marvin leaned back in his chair and laughed out loud toward the ceiling. He was still chuckling when she came out of the bathroom. She shouted, “That's enough. It isn't that funny.”
“You have no idea how funny it is.” He sobered a bit and said, “What time is he picking you up.”
“I'm not telling.”
“Well, I'm not leaving for the VFW until after he picks you up. So there.”
She went to bed without another word. 
Amanda was not sure how she managed to get through the next day, but she kept herself occupied in the library and then drove home much faster than was typical for her. She showered and dressed, and even had time to put on some makeup. She started to put her hair in a twist, but decided to leave it down. She thought that would be more casual. She pulled it back on one side with a barrette. 
At six o'clock sharp Amanda came out of her bedroom intending to wait on the porch for Paul. At that moment, Paul knocked on the kitchen door. Marvin was standing by the sink with a Cheshire grin and said, “I'll get the door.”
There was nothing for Amanda to do but to stand there feeling like an awkward teenager while her father interrogated her date. The men shook hands. Both of them looked as though they were about to burst out laughing any second, but they went through ritual of commenting on the weather and the likelihood for the Hoosiers to make it into the NCAA championship tournament. 
After a moment Paul looked at Amanda and said, “You look lovely. Shall we go?”
“Sure.” She picked up her purse and kissed her dad on the cheek. “I won't be late.”
He smiled at her and said, “I probably will play cards for a while after the meeting. Don't rush home on my account.”
Paul didn't talk while he drove. It was obvious to Amanda that he enjoyed driving the powerful car. She leaned back in the seat praying that he couldn't hear her heart pounding. Soon they pulled into the parking lot of the Wilder Inn, a popular spot for Indiana fried chicken.
“Have you eaten here before?”
“No. I've heard that it's very good.”
“This is one of my favorite places, ever. They have the best fried chicken I have ever tasted. Do you like fried chicken?”
She shook her head, “I realize that it borders on blasphemy in Indiana, but, no, I don't eat fried chicken. I don't eat fried anything except very occasionally a few french fries with a hamburger.”
“Don't tell me you're one of those health nuts who really eats five servings of vegetables a day.”
“Coming from a doctor, I'm surprised by your remarkably negative tone when you say that.”
“Most doctors I know eat crap. They get in the habit in medical school, and it gets worse during internship. Doctors tend to live a kind of do-as-I-say-not-as-I-do kind of lifestyle.”
She laughed, “Are you including yourself?”
“Yes and no. When I was doing my internship and residency, yes. I lived on coffee, donuts and fried shit from the commissary. When I was married, I did a little better. Sandy was a good cook and she was a marathon runner, so she cooked healthy stuff for us. After we divorced, I started eating out more. I try to keep healthy things on hand at home, but I hate cooking for myself. Fortunately, my mother has me over for dinner a couple of nights a week and gives me leftovers to take home.”
“You don't have any children?”
“No. That was the problem with me and Sandy. She didn't want kids. I did.”
“But, you haven't remarried, and you've been divorced a fairly long time.” He sighed, and she added quickly, “I'm sorry. It's not my business.”
“I'm not offended. It's a good question. My mother asks me that question every single time I talk to her.”
“You don't have to answer it for me.”
“I actually want to.” He picked up the menu and said, “Let's order first.”
He ordered the fried chicken dinner which came with mashed potatoes, gravy, green beans and biscuits. She smiled, scanning the menu. He narrowed his eyes and said, “Don't you dare order the poached salmon!”
She winked at him and looked at the waitress, “I'll have the chicken and dumplings, please, with a side of stewed apples.”
He raised his eyebrows and said. “I'm sure that will be tasty, but it's probably as bad for you as the fried chicken.”
“I hope I don't regret it. Usually, when I eat in restaurants I order things I don't make at home because I like my own cooking best. But I had to try the chicken and dumplings. Dad came here once with his men's group from church and he told me their dumplings are better than mine.” She made a face. “I was so pissed off, I haven't made chicken and dumplings for him since.”
They both laughed. Then Paul leaned forward, folded his hands on the table and picked up where he left off. “The answer to the question of why I'm not married is pretty simple. I like living in Washburn. If I moved to a bigger town, I'd probably be able to find a woman to marry. Probably a nurse or maybe another doctor. But, I don't want to live anyplace else. My family's in Washburn. I grew up here. I have a medical practice which is comprised largely of families my dad and his dad took care of. Two weeks ago I delivered a baby whose grandfather was the first baby my dad ever delivered. He also delivered the baby's mother. Dad assisted me in the delivery, which was cool for both of us. It was one of those crystal moments when you know that you are where you should be, doing what you're meant to be doing. I couldn't leave my patients.
“I just turned 40. I don't want to date really young girls. To my knowledge there are five single women in Washburn between the ages of 30 and 45. One is a lesbian. One is a drug addict. One is recently divorced from a terribly abusive husband and has four children under the age of six. All four of the children are my patients, so I'm ethically constrained from going out with her even if I were inclined to do so, which I am not because she has way more problems than I could ever deal with. The fourth woman has been divorced three times and has had affairs with half the married men in town. Right now she's having an affair with the mayor. Do you know any of the women I'm referring to?”
“I'm pretty sure I know who those four are. Who's the fifth woman?”
He tilted his head to one side and said, “Duh. It's you.”
“Oh.” She laughed and said, “Have you considered one of those dating sites?”
“Actually I tried one, and I got a lot of responses. Unfortunately all the women I connected with lived in other places and not one of them was willing to move to what they considered to be Podunk, Indiana even for a handsome devil such as myself.” He grinned and winked at her. “So, that's why I'm not married. Now, it's my turn to ask you a personal question.”
“I hate answering personal questions, but I suppose I deserve it.”
He leaned forward and asked, “Why aren't you married?”
She rearranged her napkin and silverware and took a sip of water. Then she looked up at him and said, “Well, I dated a guy when I lived in Indy after college. Actually, we lived together. We were going to get married. I'm not sure now whether or not I really loved him, but he was very nice, the right age, had a good job as a reporter for one of the news stations in Indianapolis. Three weeks after we got engaged, he was killed in a helicopter crash while covering the lead-up to the Indy 500. I moved home to lick my wounds, and much to my surprise I found that I liked living in Washburn better than I liked living in the city. I got the job at the library, and moved home with my dad. I guess I have a similar problem. The pickings were very slim. Worse, a bunch of older men were after me like flies at first.”
“Is that why you go home and hardly ever go anywhere in the evenings?”
“Partly. I guess I kind of hid from the world for a while. I grieved Brandon's death for a long time. Staying at home sort of became a habit. 
“But, the main reason I don't go out in the evenings very much is because I have a very hard time driving at night. I had laser eye surgery a few years ago which didn’t go so well. My eyes are perfect in the daytime, but at night, it's murder. There are halos and shadows everywhere. If I had to go out at night, I used to make Dad drive me. That's becoming a problem now because he doesn't see very well at night any more. We're kind of housebound after dark. It's not that big of a deal, though. I go to bed early and get up with the chickens.”
He said, “How did you get home from the Council meeting the other night?”
“I drove. It actually wasn't too bad because there was no other traffic. My biggest problem is oncoming cars.”
He nodded, “Effective immediately, when we have meetings that will last into the evening, I will pick you up at home in the morning.”
“No you won't either! I can drive from town to home okay. Honest.”
“We'll argue about that another time. I appreciate your sharing that. All these years, I though you were avoiding me.”
“Why would I avoid you?”
“I have wanted to go out with you for years, but I could never catch you. It's very hard for me to get away from the office in the daytime. At five on the dot, you're on your way home. You show up to work at all the community functions, but typically you end up surrounded by women in the kitchen and don't show your face outside.”
“I'm sorry. It never once crossed my mind that you'd be interested in me.” She shrugged. “You're a doctor from perhaps the most prominent family in the county. I'm a farmer's daughter who works in the library. You could do better.”
He shook his head in disbelief and looked at her with shining eyes. “I can't imagine how. I had a kind of crush on you when I was a senior in high school. You were a freshman. You were smart and you still had just enough of the Tom-boy in you to be quirky and interesting. You were also very pretty, even if you didn't wear makeup or dress fashionably. Actually, the fact that you were a fresh-faced kid who wore plain clothes was intriguing to me. You were the only girl I knew who seemed not to spend half her days in front of a mirror and the other half reading fashion magazines, like my sister did.
“I was married when I came back after medical school, and I guess I sort of forgot about you for a while. I didn't even think about dating for more than a year after my divorce. I was pretty torn up by it. Sandy's sudden departure without so much as a word of warning or a farewell was very difficult for me to accept. I waited for her to come back for a long time. When I did kind of wake up from my fog and start looking around, there you were, still fresh-faced, smart and quirky. But it seemed to me that you avoided me. And then I decided that you didn't like me, so I stopped trying to catch up with you.”
The waitress served their food, giving them a chance to change the subject. After a few minutes, he asked, “How are the dumplings?”
She closed her eyes and chewed slowly, making a kind of disgusted face. “Dad's right. These dumplings are better than mine.” Then she grinned, “But my chicken and gravy are better than this. You want a taste?”
“Don't mind if I do.” He took a fork-full of her food. He looked at her and shook his head, “I can't imagine better chicken and gravy then that.”
“You trying to wangle an invitation to supper sometime?”
“You offering to invite me?”
“You kind of challenged me. I'm very competitive when it comes to food.”
“If that's what it takes. Okay. Prove to me that you make better chicken and gravy.”
“I will. You show up at the farm next Sunday at five PM. I'll not only prove to you that my chicken and gravy is better than this, but I think I know what makes their dumplings so good, and I'm going to try it. You can tell me how I did.”
“What can I bring?”
“A big appetite, because I make a lot of dumplings.”
When they were finished the waitress offered Dutch apple pie for dessert. They decided to split a piece. Amanda said she thought it was very good.
He said, “Your pie crust is better.”
“How do you know my pie crust?”
“I tasted your pie at the county fair the first year you won. I troll bake sales all over town for your pies and the ones made by Helen Rittemeister.”
She grinned and nodded. “Have you had Helen's chocolate pecan pie?”
“Yes, I have on many, many occasions. Actually Helen is one of my patients. We have a deal. I give her 50% off on office visits and she supplies me with pies on a regular basis.”
Amanda threw back her head and laughed. “Oh, my God, you really are an old-fashioned doctor.”
“Helen's not the only one who pays me in kind. I actually do quite a bit of barter business. It works well for me and for my patients. I save on taxes and they save on medical costs and insurance co-payments.”
As he drove up to the back of her house, she said, “Well this has been the cap on the most exciting week I've experienced in years. Thank you so much for today. I had a wonderful time.”
He said, “Don't move.”
He got out of the car, walked around and opened her door. She blushed and grinned, saying, “Now that's going too far. Nobody does that any more!”
He took her hand and drew her out of the car, looking into her eyes with a serious expression. “I always open doors for ladies.”
“You think I'm a lady?”
“Yes, I do. A very fine lady, whom I'd like to get to know better.”
“I'm afraid you might be disappointed.”
He leaned closer – close enough for her to get a whiff of his cologne and his breath, which still smelled of coffee – and said, “Will you give me the opportunity to try?”
She said, “Since we're working together on the committee, I guess we're going to get to know one another pretty well.”
He leaned an inch closer, so she could feel his breath on her cheek, and said, “That's not what I meant and you know it.”
She put her hand on his chest, initially to push him away. She felt his heart pounding at about the same slightly-under-heart-attack pace as hers. She looked up into his eyes, and realized that he was as freaked out by the experience as she was. She said, “We can start with dinner at five next Sunday.”
He kissed his finger and then touched it to her lips and said, “No. We started last week.” He held up two fingers, “This is date number two already. We're on a roll.”
He walked her to her door. She thanked him again. He started to kiss her then, for real, when Marvin turned on the porch light. They separated like a couple of busted teenagers, looking startled. Then she muttered, “Dammit!” He laughed, blew her a kiss and waved at Marvin through the door. She stood on the porch, waving and watching him go.
She wiped tears from her eyes before she went inside.
She heard Marvin laughing as she headed for her room. “What the hell are you laughing about?”
“For one thing, I wish I had a camera to catch the look on your faces when I switched on the light. Sorry about that, by the way. For another thing, I think you floated in here without touching the floor. I'm not going to ask if you had a good time. Are you going to see him again?”
“Yep. I'm going to see him at the committee meeting on Thursday.” She paused and blushed a deep Merlot that burned all the way down her torso and added, “And he's coming here for dinner next Sunday.”
“You want me to make myself scarce?”
“No. Of course not. It's your house, dammit. I'm making chicken and dumplings.”
“You haven't made that since I went to the Wilder Inn.”
“That's where we had dinner tonight. I'm going to prove to Paul that my chicken and gravy is better, and I'm going to try something with my dumplings that I think may cause mine to rival theirs.”
He laughed, “You know you are the least competitive person I know in every respect, except when it comes to food. With you, food is war.”
She laughed and said, “Where do you suppose I got that?”
“More than likely from the woman who used to steal her friends recipes out of their recipe files while they were in the bathroom.”
“She did not!”
“Oh yes she did! And she was very proud of her cat-burglar skills.”
“I'm going to change into my pajamas and read for a while. Good night, Dad.”
“Good night, sweetheart. I am so glad you had a good time today. Paul Hoffmeier is a fine man.”
“Yeah. He is. I almost afraid he's too nice for me.” 
She went into her room and closed the door. She changed and went to the bathroom to take off her makeup and take the Bobbie pins out of her hair. She didn't even try to read. She lay on her back with her hands behind her head, lost in thought, with the occasional tear rolling down the side of her face. After a very long time, she fell asleep, smiling.
When she logged onto her email in the morning at the library the first message she saw was from Paul. It read: Thanks for yesterday. I look forward to next Sunday. Why don't you see if your dad will drop you off to work on Thursday? I'll take you home after the meeting. Maybe we could grab a bite at Chrissie's on the way.
She started not to answer immediately, but then changed her mind. She called her dad and told him about Paul's offer to bring her home after the meeting if Marvin would bring her to work. He told her he would be delighted because he had been very worried about her driving around at night the previous weeks. She reminded him it would mean he'd have to get up earlier than usual. He said, “I've been a farmer my whole life. I wake up early anyway. For years I've been staying in my room to give you some space in the mornings. I'm almost always awake when you get up.”
“I hate to put you out so.”
“You're not putting me out. I'll drop you at work, then I'll go drink coffee with the old farts at the Koffee Kup before I go to the garage. My friends have been after me to join them for breakfast for years.”
She turned back to her computer and typed: We have deal. Dad will bring me to work and then go have breakfast with the old farts at the Koffee Kup. (His words, I swear.) You can deposit me at home after the meeting. We don't have to eat out. I can come up with something for us at home.
A half hour later her computer chimed to announce a new message: You don't want to be seen in public with me?
She responded immediately: On the contrary. We might as well get that out of the way. Let the gossip begin, and all that. I just hate it when people spend money on me.
A half hour later – after the next patient? – he replied: You need to get over that, right now. I'm a generous man.
A couple of minutes later, her phone chimed to indicate she had received a text message. It was from Paul and it read: Testing.
She replied: What does that mean?
I was checking to see if you text.
Well, I do. Now, I have work to do. Take care of your patients. I'll talk to you Thursday.
But they didn't wait until Thursday. They communicated throughout the day with burst of texts. At one point she wrote: If we narrate our entire day, what will we talk about when we are together?
He wrote: I dunno. I guess we'll think of something. Or maybe we could check to see if we can be quiet together. Both of us have been alone a lot. We'll need to see how we do with silence.
Her answer was: LMAO. That sounds like a REAL fun date.
Chapter 5 
The week flew by and suddenly it was Thursday. The committee met at the library. The mayor and Bill Barrow had held a conference call with the McMillan company to make the city's pitch. The managers wanted to plan a visit to Washburn sometime in the next month. Next on the agenda was a review of a list of approximately twenty companies that they had identified as potential candidates. They divided up the names. Each person agreed to make several calls before the next meeting. The meeting broke up about seven.
As they walked outside, Donna asked, “Where's your car, Amanda?”
She took a deep breath that she hoped only Paul would see, and said evenly, “Dad dropped me off. I don't see well at night, and don't like to drive after dark. Paul offered to take me home. Good night. I'll see you next Thursday.” She walked towards Paul's car without looking back. He followed and opened the door for her.
When he got in the car she asked, without turning around, “Are they still there?”
“Yep. All three of them with their mouths hanging open. I say we go ahead and stop at Chrissie's . Let's get this over with.”
“Sure. I wouldn't mind having a beer with my pizza. You think that will make it worse?”
“As long as you don't get drunk and start dancing on the tables I don't think it will be a problem.”
She laughed, and then sighed. “What was that we were saying about how much we like life in a small town?”
“I don't recall saying anything of the sort. I said I like living where my family has lived, where I went to school and where my patients are. Some of the small town stuff gets on my nerves. Hopefully, the tidal wave of gossip that is about to break over our heads will die down quickly.”
“Maybe Patsy and the mayor will make a slip up. That would trump us.”
“Except for the fact that everybody already knows about Patsy and the mayor. You and I are going to be big news. I think we may have to score moving some new people into town before we become old news.”
She waited in the car while he opened her door. He took her hand to lift her out of the car, and didn't let go of it as they walked toward the restaurant. She whispered, “You're laying it on a little thick, aren't you?”
“Not at all. I want to hold your hand.”
She said, “Please don't ask me to dance.”
“Why not?”
“I don't know how.”
“Okay. We'll fix that another time.”
They walked into the restaurant/bar and found a booth near the back on the restaurant side of the place. Chrissie herself brought them menus. She said, “Well. Well. There is gonna be money changing hands all over town tonight! I personally stand to win $100. Thank you very much. On account of that, your beer's on me.”
Paul asked Amanda what kind of beer she liked. She said, “Draft only. Nothing that has any variation of the word 'light' in it. The darker the color the better.”
He ordered a pitcher of amber ale.
“What do you like on your pizza? And don't you dare tell me you like veggie pizza!”
“Actually, when it's just for me, I make pizza with no sauce and artichoke, spinach, onions and olives. That's only when Dad's not home. When I make pizza for us, I put Italian sausage on it because my dad's a stubborn old coot who won't eat a meal without meat.”
“What do you get here?”
“I've haven't eaten here in years.”
“Why don't you and your dad come here?”
She leaned across the table, “Because Chrissie flirts with him so outrageously we can't carry on a conversation and it embarrasses him. So, I make our pizza at home. I actually make really good pizza, at least as good as you can get it without a brick oven.”
They ate the pizza and drank most but not all of the beer. Then they got up and headed for the door. Paul slipped his arm around her waist. There was nothing for her to do with her stranded arm but put it around him as well. Except for the juke box blaring, the place fell almost silent.
When she was in the car, she leaned back in the seat and laughed out loud, “Well, that ought to just about do it.”
He turned toward her and said, “In for a dime, in for dollar.”
“What's that m...?” He interrupted her with a kiss. They both knew people were watching from the restaurant.
Neither of them said anything for a few minutes. Paul ended the uncomfortable silence by quipping, “I wanted to get that out of the way before your dad turns on the floodlights again.”
When they pulled in the driveway they both burst out laughing. Marvin had replaced the bright reflective light that ordinarily lit up the entire back yard, with much dimmer light bulbs that shed enough light to see the stairs, but left shadows on the porch where lovers might steal a private moment. They walked up the stairs holding hands. She turned to face him and said, “I suppose we should consider that a sign of the old man's approval.”
“I'm guessing he might have won money, too.”
“You know it never occurred to me that people might have been expecting this.”
He took her in his arms and said, “Sweetheart, I think you are the only one in town who didn't see this coming.” He kissed her again, a little longer than before. Her arms slid around him and she returned the kiss, without any hesitation.
He pulled away first, and gave her a quick peck on the forehead. “Goodnight, Amanda. I'll see you on Sunday.”
She still had her arms around him, leaning against him trying to catch her breath. “I'll be looking forward to it.” She waited on the porch until his taillights disappeared before she went inside.
Marvin came out of the bathroom as she was hanging up her coat. “I hear you had a nice time at Chrissie's.”
“How do you know we went to Chrissie's?”
“Both the house phone and my cell have not stopped ringing all night long. I quit answering about half way through the pizza.”
“Then you didn't hear about the kiss.”
“There was a kiss?”
“Yes. In the parking lot at Chrissie's.”
He laughed. “That would have been about fifteen minutes ago. Right?”
“Yeah.”
“That was when booth phones went totally nuts.”
She stretched out her arms in a gesture of supplication and said, “I just love small town life.”
“How'd the meeting go?”
“Very well. McMillan's interested enough to schedule a visit. We divided up a bunch of other names and we're each going to make contact with three to five candidates by next week.”
“You guys are doing great. I heard that the the Buckleys called the realtor today.”
“Excellent!”
“Now, onto more important matters. What did you think of your dinner?”
“The pizza was good. Chrissie gave us a free pitcher of beer because she won a $100 bet in a pool. Paul is very nice. A total gentleman.”
“Kissing in the parking lot?”
“He said he wanted to get that out of the way before you turned on the spotlight again.”
Marvin laughed.
On Friday, Amanda gave her father a shopping list for groceries. He loved to do the shopping because it gave him the excuse to visit all the stores in town and pass the time with his friends and neighbors. Amanda could do their grocery shopping in forty-five minutes. It took Marvin hours, but he relished the task.
The weather for Saturday was predicted to be very good, so Marvin and some of his friends decided to go hunting. Amanda delighted in the prospect of having the house all to herself for the entire day. It had been a long time since they'd had company. They always kept the house neat and tidy, but it had been a while since Amanda had done any deep cleaning. She cleaned the parlor and the downstairs bathroom until they shined, then she started on the kitchen, where she scrubbed everything but the stove. She mixed up a small batch of dumplings adding a little more baking powder and slightly less fat than usual. The result was the cloud-like dumplings she had enjoyed at the Wilder Inn. She said out loud, “Girl, if you can pull off dumplings like that tomorrow, the man will totally fall in love with you.”
Then she wondered if that was what she really wanted. She wasn't sure.
She ate the test dumplings for her lunch and then cleaned the stove. Late in the afternoon, Marvin called to tell her that his buddies were stopping by the VFW for a few beers and he was going to join them.
She said, “Eat something, too. I didn't make dinner.”
She made herself a salad and did the prep work for her dinner the next day. Then she took a shower, washed her hair and curled up in the parlor with her e-reader. Her phone jingled that a text had arrived. She was momentarily annoyed that she'd given Paul permission to text her. She hated typing with her thumbs, but he was an addict. I'm at my mother's for dinner tonight. She wants you to come for supper next weekend. Which would be better for you, Friday or Saturday? I know you usually make Sunday dinner for your dad.
She looked at the calendar. Friday was Marvin's VFW meeting night. She wrote: Friday would be good, but she needn't go to the trouble.
Paul: She wants to. Trust me.
Amanda: What can I bring?
Paul: She says your pie is much better than any dessert she knows how to make, and she'd love it if you would not mind baking one.
Amanda: What kind?
Paul: Doesn't really matter to Mom or me, but my Dad's favorite pie, hands down, is sweet potato. How are you with that?
She laughed out loud, sweet potato pie being her own personal favorite – and specialty. Done. Prepare to be dazzled!
Paul: Maybe we should skip the meal and go straight for dessert.
Amanda: Dad and I have done that occasionally when I make sweet potato pie.
Paul: Are you sure you don't want me to bring anything tomorrow? Wine?
Amanda: What the hell kind of wine could possibly go with chicken and dumplings?Just come hungry. I have perfected dumplings to go with my already perfect chicken and gravy, and I am going to bake a cherry pie for dessert. How's that sound?
Paul: I may die of happiness.
Marvin startled her by saying, “What the hell are you doing with the phone?”
“Texting with Paul.”
Marvin laughed. “I thought you didn't like to text.”
“I hate it, but I haven't told Paul.” She stood up and asked, “Did you bag anything?”
“I got a really, really nice red fox.”
“Wow.”
“I sold it to one of the guys for $20. He's saving pelts to make his wife a jacket.” He looked around and said, “The place looks and smells fantastic. You've been busy today, I can tell.”
“It's been a while since we had company.”
“And we've never invited the town doctor, who appears to be your new beau.”
“Dad!”
He laughed as he headed toward the bathroom. Amanda went to bed.
The next morning, after Marvin left for church, Amanda assembled and baked a cherry pie. Then she cut up the chicken and vegetables and measured the dry ingredients for the dumplings. After that she took a bath, did her nails and put on her favorite pair of jeans with a burgundy turtleneck sweater.
Marvin got home from church about 11:30 and found her sprawled across the couch in the parlor reading a novel on her e-reader. He laughed, “Well, my dear, you and Paul have hit #1 on the town gossip charts. I don't think it will last long, though, because almost everyone thinks it's a wonderful thing. Positive gossip isn't any fun.”
“Lord, I hope you're right, because I mortally hate the thought that people are talking about me.”
“Actually, I have good news and bad news. The good news is that I think that you and Paul are about to be eclipsed by a bigger story. The bad news is that the bigger story is the arrival of a scout for one of the casinos that has been building along the river.”
She sat up and said, “What happened?”
“A guy has been nosing around the courthouse looking at property maps. A couple of people with land in the river bottoms have been contacted by phone.”
“Has anybody called you?”
“No. I made my announcement publicly to let them know I wasn't open to selling. I don't think they'll call me directly.”
Marvin changed his clothes and turned on a basketball game on TV. Indiana was playing Kentucky. Just before halftime, Paul sent Amanda a text message asking if Marvin were watching the game. She responded that he was and invited Paul to come early and watch the end of the game with her dad. Amanda despised team sports, but knew that most people from Indiana took their basketball seriously. That had put her on the outs with a lot of her friends over the years.
Paul arrived about fifteen minutes later, wearing an Indiana University sweatshirt. Amanda answered the door. He walked into the parlor and greeted Marvin with a cheerful, “Go, Big Red!”
Marvin chuckled and said, “It's always more fun to watch the Hoosiers annihilate Kentucky in the presence of somebody who understands how cool that is ... and cares.” 
He shot Amanda what was meant to be a dirty look. Amanda pretended to be offended. Paul feigned shock and said, “Is this Indiana blasphemy? A non-fan?”
“You are correct. I am not a basketball fan. I am not fond of team sports generally.”
“You don't like any kind of sport?”
“For recreation, I like to walk. For true exercise, I like to row. I was on the crew at IU. That was fun. Except when it was cold. I love rowing so much I bought this really cool rowing machine that has a DVD player built into it. I buy rowing DVDs. You can race or just row for fun, and you get scenery and music with the exercise. In the comfort of your own home. With no wakes from speedboats or chapped cheeks from the wind.”
Paul was clearly intrigued, “Don't you like to watch sports?”
“I'm more about participating in things than sitting on the sidelines watching except for one thing that I do enjoy watching, which may be a little unusual for a woman.”
“What's that?”
She looked down at her hands in her lap and said, “Motor sports. I like car racing.”
“Really? That is interesting.”
Marvin said, “She just likes watching the drivers walking around in tight leather pants.”
“Daddy!!!!” 
They all laughed. Paul asked, “Do you go to the 500?”
“No. I lived in Indianapolis for about two years after I got out of college. The first thing I did was to go on a tour of the track. I went to watch them practice both years I was there, but when I lived in Indy, I didn't have the money to go to the race. After I moved back here, I could have bought the tickets, but Old Grumpus over there doesn't like car racing and would never go with me.”
“My family goes every year. My sister and her husband live in Indianapolis. They have a big motor home which they park it in the infield and we spend the whole weekend drinking beer and inhaling toxic fumes. It's a blast. If you play your cards right, I'm thinking you might get an invitation this year.”
“It sounds like there would not be room.”
“There will be loads of room, plus extra tickets because my parents have already told us they are not going this year.”
She rubbed her hands together and her eyes sparkled, “If you invite me, I guarantee you, I'll say yes. The Indianapolis 500 is one of the things on my Bucket List.”
“You have a Bucket List already?”
Marvin growled, “The girl's had a Bucket List since she was eight years old.”
“What kind of kid does that?”
“Well, it was more of a list of things I wanted to do or accomplish at some point.”
“How have you done?”
“Not so hot.”
“Can I see it?”
“No.”
Paul's attention was diverted back to the game because Kentucky scored several unanswered points and brought the score to something less than a potential rout. The men focused on the television, yelling their encouragement to the team. Amanda went to the kitchen to set the table and check on the chicken. After a few minutes she heard cheering. The men came into the kitchen laughing and pumping their fists in the air. She turned away from the stove and smiled, “I take it the Wildcats will have an unhappy ride back to Lexington.”
Marvin said, “With their tails between their legs!”
Paul stopped in the middle of the room, closed his eyes and inhaled. He smiled and then opened his eyes and said, “This must be what Heaven smells like. Chicken and pastry. Is that cherry pie?”
“Yes, it is.”
Marvin went to wash his hands. Paul took the opportunity to take Amanda into his arms and give her a hug. “You know what they say about the way to a man's heart is through his stomach?”
“Yes.”
“It's totally true.”
“Well, sit down and prepare to fall in love, Doctor Hoffmeier, because I think I have outdone myself here today.”
She served the chicken and dumplings and stood back to watch them taste. They both agreed that the chicken was the best they'd ever tasted and the dumplings were every bit as good as the Wilder Inn. Amanda went to the sink and started to wash the pots and pans.
Marvin said, “Dammit, Amanda, come over here, sit down and eat supper like a normal person. You invite company for dinner and then proceed not to even sit at the table with him. That's just rude. Sit down!”
“Geez, Dad. Chill.” She dished a plate and sat down.
Paul looked at her plate and made a face, “Is that all you're going to eat?”
She rolled her eyes. “I'm a taster when I cook. I've been eating all day. And, besides I'm saving room for a piece of pie.”
Marvin grumbled, “She never sits at the table. She eats over the stove out of the pot. She cooks. Then she cleans up. She never sits down to enjoy the food.”
“I enjoy cooking the food. And I enjoy watching other people eat it. By the time I serve it, I'm not hungry.”
Marvin looked at Paul. “Get out while you can. She'll drive you crazy.”
Paul's eyes twinkled, and his dimples showed. “I don't know. A woman who cooks and cleans up, but doesn't expect you to actually talk to her sounds like a pretty rare thing in today's world.” 
“One more remark like that and you'll go home without any cherry pie or homemade ice cream.”
He gazed at her with a rapturous look. “You make your own ice cream?”
“Yep. Used to make it with an old crank ice cream maker. Only did it once a year, when the peaches come in. A few years ago, I bought an electric ice cream maker. Now, I make home made ice cream at the drop of a hat.”
“You do not. You only make it once in a very great while.”
“Neither you nor I need to eat anything with that much butter fat more than a few times year, but today is one of those days.” She smiled at Paul. The electricity between them raised the temperature in the room a couple of degrees.
They finished their main course. Amanda asked, “You want dessert now or would you rather wait a little while.”
Paul said, “I'm so stuffed, I don't think I could do justice to dessert right now. It isn't to terribly cold outside. Would you like to go for a walk, and then we could have dessert later?”
Amanda grinned and stood up. “Let me stow the leftovers and then we'll go.”
Marvin waved his hand at her. “I'll put the leftovers in the fridge.”
She said, “I put out two containers. The big one is for us and the small one is for Paul. Also put aside some of the stewed apples for him. I'll wash the pots later. Just put some soapy water in them.”
Marvin put his hand over his heart at the very though of her leaving a pot sit for more than five minutes. She held up her index finger and gave him a warning look. He made a zipping motion across his mouth. 
Paul laughed, and said, “You don't have to give me leftovers, but if you offer, I won't say no.”
They bundled up and headed across the fields towards the river. Amanda's daily walks had worn a path around the perimeter of the property. The temperature was about 45-degrees, but it wasn’t very windy and the sun was still up, so it wasn’t too cold. They walked in silence for a while, holding hands, which was rather unsatisfying to Amanda because they were both wearing gloves. When they reached the riverbank, he stood behind her with his arms around her and rested his cheek on her head.
He whispered, “I understand why you spend so much time at home. Your house is a happy place, filled with generations of love and laughter, and you can come and stand here every day watching that incredible river. I don't know how you make yourself leave to go to work.”
She smiled and leaned back against him, resting her head on his shoulder, bringing their cheeks together. “I'm so glad you understand how I feel here. This place is more than a house to me. It's even more than my family's heritage. Somehow this river and this land feeds my soul. I don't think I could live anywhere else. Ever.” She paused and added, “At least not with as much peace as I feel here.”
They continued their walk along the riverbank without talking. When they reached the property line, Amanda smiled up at Paul, “You 'bout ready for dessert?”
“Yeah. And coffee.”
“There's always a pot of coffee on whenever I'm home. You're welcome anytime.”
He kissed her and said, “You keep feeding me like you did today, and I'll be like a stray cat.”
“Trust me, I will feed you the same way I feed Dad. During the week, we have healthy, nutritious food. I think it tastes good. He bitches about it incessantly. On Sundays, we splurge a little.”
“Then I'll come on Sundays.”
“You're in good shape. What do you do for exercise?”
He said, “I box. I have a punching bag in my basement and I go to the gym to spar with the guys, usually on Saturdays. I also lift weights. That is part of the strength training for boxing.”
“How did you get started on that?”
“I was on the wrestling team in high school. I didn't make the team at college because I have the wrong body-type for wrestling. I got into boxing because it's very intense so I could keep in shape without spending hours in the gym, which was important for a medical student. I've kept up with it. I don't enjoy it, but I've found it's a good, intense and fast workout.”
The men raved about both the pie and the ice cream. Amanda offered to let Paul take all of the leftover ice cream home. Marvin protested, so she split the ice cream into two containers. When Marvin wasn't looking, she put the container containing more than half into the sack for Paul. He grinned and looked in the bag. “Between the leftovers my mother gave me Friday and this, I'll eat good food all week.” He leaned close to her and whispered, “Don't tell her, but you are a much better cook than my mother.”
“I'm glad to hear that. As my dad has probably told you, I'm very competitive when it comes to the kitchen.”
“I'll keep that in mind.”
“That would be a good thing.”
He put on his coat. “Can we get together before Thursday? Maybe tomorrow after work?”
She hesitated. Her life was very regimented, and she didn't really have time for socializing during the week. Then she realized she wanted to see him before Thursday. “You're welcome to come for supper, although I'll understand if you don't want to drive all the way out here to eat leftovers, when you'll have some of the same food at your house.”
He leaned closer and said, “I won't be coming here for the food. I'll be coming for the company. What time do you eat?”
“We usually eat about six thirty, but we can eat later if you can't make it by then.”
“I typically leave the office at six. I'll be here by six-thirty.”
She waved him out the driveway and then came back inside and went straight to the sink to finish cleaning up. Marvin had made a bigger mess trying to be helpful than there was before, but Amanda was so happy she didn't even bitch about it. Marvin was sitting at the table drinking coffee. With her back to him she said, “What is it that you want to say?”
“It will probably piss you off for me to make any comment about your personal life, but I'm going to say it anyway. I'm very happy to see you and Paul together. You both positively glow.”
She shook her head and a said, without turning around. “Yes, he's very nice and I like him, but let's not get ahead of ourselves.”
Marvin went into his room, probably to avoid an argument. Amanda finished cleaning the kitchen and then went to her room, where she worked out on the rowing machine for more than an hour, watching a video of a canoe trip on some stream in Canada.
About ten, Paul sent her a text thanking her for dinner and telling her good-night. She smiled and sent a simple “GN” message.
The next day it was all over town that: (a) Paul Hoffmeier had eaten dinner with the Kreugers (which news was received with general delight); and, (b) somebody driving a rental car was nosing around in the property records at the courthouse and had checked in at the Sheraton in a nearby town (which news was received with alarm for many). The committee exchanged a flurry of emails on the subject, but decided they did not need to call a special meeting, at least not until they knew more.
About three o'clock the library was busy with the usual after school crowd. Amanda was helping a couple of kids with some research, and didn't see the stranger come into the library. When she noticed him, he was perusing the newspapers. Once the kids were on track, she went back to the front desk and moved her chair to where she could watch the stranger.
He was about the same height and build as Paul and very well dressed in jeans and a sweater that Amanda somehow knew were very expensive. He picked up the local weekly paper and sat in a club chair turning pages and scanning the articles. When he finished with that paper, he picked up the daily paper from Evansville. By four o'clock, most of the kids had gone. The evening volunteer had not yet arrived. The only patrons were a couple of high school students and one older man using a computer. 
Amanda walked over to the stranger and held out her hand. “I'm Amanda Kreuger. What brings you here?”
He stood up and shook her hand. “Andrew Cartwright. I’m doing research in the area for my employer.”
“What kind of research, and who is your employer?”
Amanda suspected he was the person who had been nosing around at the courthouse, and she wanted to dislike him. Unfortunately, she found him very attractive. He had soft brown eyes and a very pleasant smile. He exuded confidence and a certain power that she found intriguing. She couldn't understand how she could feel that way about a man other than Paul, especially a man who was a potential danger to her way of life. 
He interrupted her thoughts. “I'm looking for land to buy. My employer is Universal Gaming Ltd.”
Her eyes went round. “I'm a little surprised you admit that. Don't you guys usually try to fly under the radar.”
He laughed. She thought he had the most melodious laugh she'd ever heard. “Oh, we've finished with all the clandestine stuff. We can actually accomplish most of that over the internet now. We're ready to start talking turkey.”
“Why are you visiting the library?”
He shrugged and looked around. “When I'm scoping out a town, I always go to four places: the largest real estate company; the most popular bar; the local men's hangout which in town's like this tends to be a barbershop or a gas station; and, the library.”
“That's interesting. I can understand why you visit the first three. Why the library?”
“Two reasons. First, we have found that towns where people read a lot tend to resist gaming. Busy libraries are bad for my employer. Secondly, women and children hang out in the library. Strangers in small towns have hardly any ability to talk to women, other than clerks in stores or waitresses. In a library I can occasionally get a few minutes with homemakers. If I'm really lucky, like today, I have the opportunity to talk to the librarian, which is a jackpot.”
“Why?”
“Because, other then bartenders, ministers and beauticians, librarians are typically about the most plugged-in people in a small town. In this case, you are kind of a trifecta. You are not only plugged in by virtue of being the librarian, but you're also on the committee that has been formed to try to bring in alternative businesses in order to keep gaming out of your back yard. What is more, your back yard happens to be the prime potential location for a casino.”
“So you came here to see me.”
“I'd have come here anyway, but yes I came here and hung around until closing time in order to have a word with you.”
Amanda tried desperately to build up some animosity toward the guy, but all she could do was gaze into his eyes and sort of float on his voice. If she couldn't manage animosity, she could at least stick to her position. “If you know that much about me, you'll also know that my dad is not interested in selling his land.”
He said. “I suggest that he reconsider.”
“He won't.”
“He may when I tell you that we already own 100 acres of bottom land adjacent to your property on the west and the McCarthy's are considering an offer for the property to your immediate east. The company really likes this area and plans to build here whether you sell your land or not. I've seen your property. It's gorgeous, but it won't be so peaceful with a casino one one side and a parking lot on the other with shuttles going back and forth on the road.”
“That sounds like a threat.”
He looked at her for a long time, with those gentle brown eyes. They drew her to him like a waterfall. Then he smiled. It almost shocked her how his face transformed from merely pleasant to drop-dead gorgeous when he smiled. She didn't want to be attracted to him. She was falling in love with Paul. (That was an epiphany.) This guy was dangerous to her on several levels, which was quite possibly the main reason she was attracted to him. That and the fact that Paul had ignited a spark in her that she had repressed for too long. She was almost out-of-control, and she was suddenly very afraid.
After staring into her eyes for long enough to be almost rude, he said, “You know I didn't expect you to be so pretty or so polite. I rather expected you to throw me out of here when you found out who I am.”
She cleared her throat and stood up to her full five foot one inch height and said. “I thought I would, too, but I guess it's better for me to talk to you and find out what you really want.”
“Would you like to discuss it over dinner?”
She shook her head. “No, thank you. For one thing I have plans for supper. For another, I'd get run out of town on a rail if I were to be seen in public with you.”
“I'm guessing your father would be leading the posse.”
“Probably.”
He sighed. “Look. This is a nice town. You have a wonderful quality of life here. We don't want to screw it up. We think that we can make some compromises that will make a casino go down easier with the rest of the community, but there is almost no way to do it without a serious negative impact on your property. At least let me talk to your dad.”
She shook her head. “I'll pass along the message, but I'm almost 100% sure he won't agree to see you.”
“Okay. Let me make a second request. Let me speak to your committee. If you want, we can open the meeting to the public. Typically we buy up property and then negotiate directly with the local government. This town is kind of unique. You've got a lot of local families who have been here for a long time. It's still a primarily farming community. Putting a casino here is risky for the local culture. We don't want to do any more harm than necessary.”
She laughed, with more than a tinge of bitterness. “Thank you so much. You're telling me that your company plans to wreck my family's property value and destroy the way of life in our town, but you want to do it as painlessly as possible. You'll forgive me if I'm not grateful.”
Good job! She was finally starting to feel some negative emotions which made her feel much better. He destroyed the mood, however, by saying softly, “I understand, and I'm really sorry. I have been trying to get the company to build about five miles further down the river. There's a very good spot there, and we can get the land cheaper than what we are prepared to pay for yours. But the bean-counters in the home office have figured out that we can make more money here. How they know that, I don't know, but they are hell-bent on building here. I've come here personally to do as much damage control in advance as I can.”
She wanted so very much not to believe him, but something told her he was telling the truth. She sighed and said, “I'll ask Dad if he'll meet with you. And I'll ask the committee if they would be willing to hear you out. Personally, I think we should. The committee was set up to bring jobs into the area. Granted, we have made it a point to look for jobs other than gaming. I think that it would be unfair of us not to at least listen to what you have to offer.”
He made a small saluting gesture and turned down his lips. “I could never have imagined that you would be so fair-minded.” His face softened into a kind smile, “But, then, that is the nature of small town people, isn't it?”
“You've been doing this for a while?”
He nodded, and said softly, it seemed more to himself than to her, “Maybe too long.”
“May I have your card? I'll call or email you later after I talk to Dad and Paul.”
“I have the feeling that neither your father nor Dr. Hoffmeier is likely to be as courteous as you have been.”
“You're probably right about that. You are a direct threat to the things my dad cherishes above all else. Paul's family has doctored the sick in this town for three generations. His grandfather, father and Paul have delivered most of the babies born here for the last seventy years or so. He takes a rather paternal view of the whole town.”
The man's expression was inscrutable. “Paternal or patrician?”
She didn't like the implications of that question, but she was not going to get into a debate with him about semantics, or about Paul. What was more, something deep in her thought that there might be something to that question.
“I'll call you later.”
“That's more than I might have expected, Miss Krueger. Thank you for your time.” He handed her his business card, which contained only his name, a phone number and an email address. The writing was embossed in an elegant font on expensive card stock. 
She put the card in her pocket, and drove home, trembling. She didn't say anything to her dad. She wanted to wait until she calmed down and Paul arrived so she'd only need to tell the story once. She bustled around the kitchen fixing dinner and only half-listening to her dad telling her about the daily doings at the gas station. The card felt almost hot in her pocket.
Paul arrived at twenty past six, with a huge grin on his face, and a bottle of champagne. He shook Marvin's hand, and kissed Amanda on the cheek. “Melody Hawkins gave birth to a healthy baby girl this afternoon at two o'clock, in Louisville.” He pulled out his phone and showed them a picture of the exhausted but blissful mother, with her sleeping baby.  
Amanda grinned, “Do you celebrate every birth in this way? And why was she born all the way over in Louisville.”
“I can't tell you any of her personal medical information. It was a high risk delivery. Melody's been in Louisville on hospital bed rest for a month.”
Marvin chimed in. “I'm not legally constrained from passing along the information. Melody has had five miscarriages in the last three years. This baby is something of a miracle from what I hear.”
Paul remained silent, but he nodded slightly.
Amanda smiled and felt tears in her eyes, “How truly wonderful!”
Paul shook his head. He had tears on his cheeks. “Everybody in Melody's family, including her husband, begged her to quit trying after the first couple of miscarriages, but she wanted a baby so much, she insisted. Her obstetrician told her that this was it. If Melody didn't carry this baby to term she should absolutely not try again.” He added, quickly, “You didn't hear that from me.”
They ate dinner with the men chatting happily. Amanda was almost silent. Marvin looked at her and asked, “What's the matter, girl. You look like you've seen a ghost.”
She sighed and said, “More like the grim reaper.” She reached into her pocket and took out the card. She told them about her conversation with the man from Universal Gaming. Marvin pushed the card back in front of her with an odd smile on his face. “I have an idea. Call him see if he can come over here tonight. I want to talk to him before he talks to anyone else.”
Paul asked if Marvin wanted him to leave. Marvin looked from Paul to Amanda and back. He shook his head. “No. I want you to stay. I think this whole business will affect you as much as it does Amanda and me.” He winked and said, “At least I hope it does.”
Amanda picked up the card and dialed the man's number. He answered on the second ring. “Mr. Cartwright. This is Amanda Krueger. I was wrong when I told you that my father would not see you. On the contrary. He'd like you to come over tonight if you are free.”
“I can leave in five minutes. Give me directions.”
She gave him directions and the address for his GPS, and added that the drive should take him about twenty minutes. She made more coffee and they ate dessert while they waited. Cartwright pulled around the back of the house almost exactly a half hour later. Amanda answered the door and introduced him to her father and Paul. They shook hands and sat at the kitchen table. 
Amanda poured coffee. Cartwright said to Marvin, “I'm surprised and pleased that you were willing to see me. I'm prepared to make you a very good offer for your place.”
Marvin shook his head. “This place is not for sale at any price. Now or in the future, at least as long as I live. And if Amanda tries to sell it after I die, I'll come back and haunt her.” She chuckled, and he said, “I'm not kidding.”
Cartwright asked, “Then why did you invite me here?”
“Because I have an idea that could be win-win for everybody except maybe a few people who live on the hilltops to the west and maybe some people in the next town to the west as well. Amanda tells me that your company owns riverfront property adjacent to the western edge of my property.”
“Yes, sir. We have about 100 acres of bottom land most of which we bought for back taxes some time ago.”
“Your problem is that you need river access which is why you want my property. My land goes all the way from the road to the river. The McCarthy land won't help you access that bottom land. You need my property for that.”
“That's right. We've made an offer on the McCarthy land as an alternative. It's big enough to build the casino there.”
“You don't have direct access to the bottom land you have because the land between it and the road is owned by a blind trust and you haven't been able to find out who controls it. Right?”
“That's correct.”
“Well, sir. It turns out that I control that trust. That land was owned by my brother. When he died, he made me the trustee for the benefit of his kids. I can farm it, lease it or do whatever I want with it. I propose to give you an easement if you will build the casino on the western side of the point out there. Tomorrow in the daylight, I'll show you where I mean..”
Cartwright interrupted. “I know exactly where you mean. It's a place where the casino can't be seen from the road or very many houses. It would be very close to you but you would not be able to see it from your house or your riverfront land.”
“That's right. My offer is conditioned up on the Council's approval for the casino to come in here, which is by no means guaranteed because there are a lot of people in this town who don't want gaming at all. You have to get through all those hurdles. But if you can do that, and if you further agree to build the casino on that western facing strip of land, I'll sell you a 99 year easement across the trust land. I will want contractual guarantees that the casino will not be visible from my house.”
“Why don't you just sell the land outright and give the money to your nieces and/or nephews?”
“Because with an easement I could sue you if you don't meet the terms of the contract. If I sell you the land outright, I have no control over what you do with it.”
Cartwright nodded. “Okay. I like this idea.” He looked at Paul and asked, “What do you think my chances are with the Council?”
Paul shook his head. “There's a lot of emotion on both sides. I understand why Marvin would make the offer he did. It's a reasonable compromise for him. I will grant that if you put the casino where Marvin proposes, it will be less of an eyesore than it would be if you put it here or on the McCarthy land. However, it will still be an eyesore to the people who live on the hilltops. It will still generate traffic. We'll have to re-route some roads, which may displace families. I'm going to continue to oppose building a casino at all. Keep in mind, I'm not on the town council.”
Cartwright looked at Amanda and raised his eyebrows then narrowed his eyes slightly. She felt the warmth of his gaze. Somehow she knew that he found her attractive. Seeing him in the same room with Paul made her certain that Paul was the man for her, despite her initial reaction to Cartwright that afternoon. To reinforce that, she took Paul's hand in both of hers and looked into his eyes for a moment with a Mona Lisa smile. 
 Then she looked at Cartwright and said, “Dad's proposition is a reasonable one for him. Dad's not going to sell you our land, and we sure as hell don't want you to buy the McCarthy land and build the infernal thing there. I have to tell you, I agree with Paul. No matter where you put the casino it will be a blight on our town. I hate the idea of so much additional traffic. I like our town the way it is. I want to live here. I want to raise children here, in this house. I don't want my children to have to leave the area to find work when they grow up. I'm for progress and I'm delighted to be working on a committee to bring in businesses and jobs to our community. I want to bring in manufacturing or technical jobs that will pay well and be career jobs for our young people. I don't think the kinds of jobs a casino will bring us will fall into that category. You'll hire bartenders and servers, dealers and security people. Those aren't career jobs, and I doubt they pay well.”
“Actually all of those jobs pay very well except the security jobs which are a little better than minimum wage.”
“I'm sorry. I can't endorse a casino at all, but I do think the other members of our committee should have the chance to hear what you have to say. Paul and I are only two out of five. If Paul, as the chairman, agrees to invite you, I'd be willing to have you attend our committee meeting at the library on Thursday.”
She looked at Paul. He never took his eyes off Cartwright, and it was clear that he didn't care for the view, but he nodded.
Cartwright looked at Paul and then turned his gaze to Amanda with a sad expression, and held her eyes for longer than was strictly polite. He stood up and shook hands all around, saying, “Then I'll see you on Thursday at 5:30.”
He turned to Marvin and shook his hand warmly, “Thank you, sir. I know this is a very difficult time for you.”
“You have no idea. Do you ever feel guilty about what you do?”
Cartwright thought about that for a while before answering. Finally he said barely above a whisper, “I never have before.”
After Cartwright left, the three of them sat at the table in silence for a few minutes. Paul was clearly angry, and it appeared his anger was directed at Amanda. Marvin looked from Paul to Amanda and then back. Then he stood and said, “I'll leave you two alone. Good-night.”
Amanda mumbled something. Paul didn't respond at all. As soon as Marvin was gone Amanda said, “I'm sorry. That was your call I should not have jumped in front of you and invited him to the meeting.”
“That isn't why I'm mad. If you hadn't done that I would have. It was absolutely the right call.”
“Then what are you upset about?”
“What's with you Amanda? You sat here holding my hand and rocking my world talking about the possibility of raising children in this house, while at the same time the electricity between you and Cartwright was so hot, I thought the air conditioner would kick on. What happened between you?”
She closed her eyes and said, “I'm going to answer you honestly. You may not like the answer, but I want you to know that I will never, ever lie to you, even when the truth may be unpleasant. I have to back up a little before today.
“I have not been with a man since Brandon was killed. I was twenty-three at the time. I will tell you that we had a very good sex life, at least I enjoyed it a lot. After he died and I came home, I buried that part of me. I would not let myself even think about sex.
“When you kissed me last week, you flipped a switch that I thought had rusted shut.” She blushed and lowered her head. “Now, it seems that I can't turn it off.
“That said, I will admit that this afternoon when he came into the library, I thought Mr. Cartwright was very attractive and I found myself drawn to him. That had nothing to do with him personally. I think it was just my raging hormones. I swear to you, he did not come on to me at all nor did I encourage him in any way. During our conversation this afternoon, he never looked at me that way, although he did tell me that he hadn't expected me to be pretty. I think that the way he looked at me tonight was because of the way you and I are together. I don't think he looked at me because he wanted me particularly. I think he wants what you and I so obviously have. 
“I don't know if there's anything personal against you in that. I should think not, but then you are the biggest obstacle in the way of him getting what he wants right now. So, there could have been some macho posturing going on.
“I tell you now, and it's the gospel truth, after sitting at this table with you tonight with my future hanging in the balance, I realized that there is only one man with whom I think I want to share my future, whatever it turns out to be. That man is you.”
He took her hand and said, “I've never felt jealous before, and I don't feel good about myself for feeling it now. It seems as though I'm demeaning you by not trusting you.”
“Jealousy is a destructive and dangerous emotion, but don't beat yourself up about it. Our relationship is still new and fragile. We don't know each other very well yet. We know the important things, but the little things will have to come over time. This budding relationship comes at a really bad time for both of us. We are in a very emotional place, and it's probably not a good time for us to be falling in love. But then, I guess, you fall in love when the opportunity presents itself and deal with it as best you can.”
“You were attracted to him?”
“Yes, but in the state I'm in, I confess to having prurient thoughts about Mr. Arthur this morning. My over-heatedness is probably more because of you than anything else. There's nothing that can be done about it at this point, other than cold showers for the foreseeable future.”
He laughed and shook his head, while drawing her into his arms. “That was positively brilliant! How in the hell can I stay mad at you for being hot in front of him when you insist that it's really me you want.”
“I hope you can't ever stay mad at me.” She giggled. “I guess it was a brilliant tactic on my part. It has the added advantage that it is true.”
He pulled her closer and said into her hair, “It's taken me so long to get to this point with you, I was terrified when I thought that it might all go up in smoke.”
She rested her head on his shoulder with her right arm around him and her left hand stroking his cheek, “There is not a chance of that. I think I was an idiot not to notice you before. Now that you have my attention, I'm pretty sure that I'm in for the long haul.”
“You have no idea how wonderful it is to hear that.”
“Actually, I think I do. At least I experience bemused wonder every time you look at me the way you're looking at me now.”
“And how is that?”
“Like you plan to keep me.”
“I do for a fact plan to keep you, in my heart and in my arms for as long as you'll stay. I have waited a long time for you, Girl. You should know that starting now, I think things may move a little faster than either of us had planned.”
“We need to be careful not to get too far ahead of ourselves.”
“I think we've both been way too careful for way too long. Besides, I think we have already got way ahead of ourselves. The time may have come to roll the dice and see what happens.”
She looked at him with childlike innocence on her face and a twinkle in her eye. “I thought we were opposed to gambling.”
He leaned back in his chair and laughed out loud.
She motioned toward the door. “Go home. It's getting late, and we've got a busy week coming up.”
Just inside the door, he held her for a long time and then chuckled. “Can I kiss you without having you ignite.”
“Probably not, but do it anyway.”
“Everybody's talking about us anyway, how bad do you think it would be if we spent some time alone together in my apartment?”
“Like overnight? That would probably be bad. Like a couple of hours during the evening which we could pretend was dinner? We might get away with that.”
“The only problem is that when we finally get together it's gonna show. On both of us.”
“I know. So. Our choices are to sneak around pretending that nothing is going on, or to let people know what's what, and take our chances on bad feedback.”
“There's one other option.”
“What?”
“We could get married.”
“Oh. Be serious. We've only been dating for a couple of weeks.”
“But we've known each other our entire lifetime, and perhaps longer.”
“Ah. You're not going to go all romantic on me! Please don't do that.”
He kissed her again. “I won't promise not to be romantic. That ought to hold you until we can make some preparations.” He looked at her and said, “You're not my patient, but do you want me to write you a script for birth control.”
She shook her head. “No. For one thing, I don't take medicine of any kind except an occasional aspirin. For another, I am 36 years old. My biological clock is ticking away. We will not make love until and unless we decide for sure to get married. If we decide to make our relationship permanent, I don't want to use birth control at all. You said you wanted kids. I rarely allowed myself to think about it, but deep down I always wanted children, too. I think we might be able to have at least one.”
He gasped, and tears sprang to his eyes.
She lifted herself on tiptoes and whispered, “Let's deal with this casino issue and then talk about our future.”
He smiled and said, “Actually, thinking about the committee. Maybe the next time we go on a visit to one of our target companies, we can go alone.”
“I already told you I'm not going to have sex with you until you promise to make an honest woman out of me.”
“It's not going to be hard to extract that promise from me, and I can guarantee you that I'm going to do my dead level best to bed you as soon as possible, and marry you, too, for that matter.”
“I'm still not taking the Pill.”
“There are other things.”
“And if they fail?”
“I reckon your dad has a shotgun.”
She grinned at him and whispered, “I don’t think he would really need it. Now, go home.”
Chapter 6
The town council decided to attend the committee meeting on Thursday and the mayor invited the McCarthy's and Marvin Krueger to attend as well. That was too many people for the library conference room, so Amanda closed the library early and they met in the main room. The committee and Andrew Cartwright sat along three sides of a library table. The Council, the McCarthys and Marvin sat in two rows of chairs facing them.
Immediately after Paul called the meeting to order Amanda asked for the floor. She said, “I don't think we're going to vote on this question tonight. As I understand it, this is an advisory meeting only. Because my family is involved, I want to recuse myself from discussions or votes on the question of the casino unless there should be a tie. I will tell you all now, I am opposed to building a casino here at all, but I think in fairness to everybody, we should at least hear what the company is offering. I'm going to sit with my dad and listen. If I have to cast a vote, I'll tell you now, you can count on me to vote 'no' regardless of what Mr. Cartwright has to say tonight.”
She moved from the table and sat next to her father, who took her hand. She saw Paul's lips twitch and suspected that he was going to have a thing or two to say to her about letting him sit next to Cartwright all evening.
She noticed that Andrew Cartwright barely took his eyes off her all evening. She was not the only person in the room who noticed. For her part, she kept her eyes on Paul or on whoever was speaking, as long as it wasn't Cartwright. When Cartwright was speaking, she made sure to maintain constant eye contact with Paul. After a while, she began to feel a little violated. The guy was just being rude. She couldn't decide whether he really was that attracted to her (which she doubted) or he was trying to get either her or Paul to react in a negative way. She could tell that Paul had already made up his mind not to react no matter what happened. She decided to do the same.
The conversation ran well into the evening. The McCarthys clearly wanted the casino to be built on their property. They had a dozen reasons why the western location would not be as good. All of the reasons were BS in Amanda's opinion. They just wanted the money they'd get from the sale of their house. The rest of the group was almost equally divided on the question. A little more than half the Council favored the casino, especially after Cartwright announced Marvin's compromise offer for the western location. The committee was united in its opposition to a casino regardless of the location. The way they had established the by-laws for the committee, it would have to recommend the casino to the Council before the Council could vote on the question. The committee did not make any such recommendation.
Sheila McCarthy said, “I think we should put it to the vote of the citizens. This whole committee is stacked with people who oppose the idea of a casino under any circumstances. Their entire reason for being was to find alternatives. It's not right that they can block the issue from coming before the Council for a vote. I think we should call for a referendum.”
Amanda nodded and said, “I agree. I'd hate for such an important question to be made by such a small group. No matter what the decision is, somebody is going to accuse us of having stacked the deck.”
Sheila added with venom in her voice, “Especially since the majority of the small group consists of three of the families who have dominated politics in this town for generations. Two of which appear to be about to merge, which will only increase their influence.”
Amanda bowed her head so her hair hung down and people couldn't see her red face. She could see Paul from underneath her bangs. He looked about ready to burst out laughing. A few people in the audience actually chuckled. One of them was Marvin, which prompted Amanda to kick his ankle.
Before things got too far out of hand, the mayor said, “I'm going to call to order a special meeting of the town Council. We have a quorum present. A citizen has requested the Council to call for a referendum vote on the question of building a casino in the area. Do we need to have any debate?”
One of the Council members said, “We haven't had a referendum since I've been on the Council. Who will write the wording on the ballot?”
The mayor said, “The town's attorney will write the wording. The Council will have an opportunity to debate the language.”
Cartwright asked how soon they thought a referendum could be arranged.
The mayor pursed his lips and said, “Oh, we should probably be able to get a referendum put together sometime in the next four to six months.”
That prompted a lot of smiles behind hands. Sheila McCarthy said, “That's too long. You should be able to get it done in a few weeks before the casino company goes somewhere else.”
The mayor said, “We'll get it scheduled as soon as we can. There are processes that need to be followed. I'll have to consult with our attorney about what that may involve.”
On Friday evening, Paul pulled up to Amanda's back porch up at six fifteen. She had frantically showered and changed from her librarian clothes to dress pants and a man-styled silk shirt with pumps. She even put on some makeup and put her hair up in a loose twist, secured by barrettes. Paul grinned, and said, “My mother will love that look. It's sophisticated and classic.”
“I was going for dressy.”
He laughed, “Whatever you call it, it’s perfect.”
Amanda could not remember the last time she had been up on the hilltops overlooking the river. The view from the Hoffmeier's front porch was fabulous. Their house looked out over the town's entire riverfront. Her own farm lay dead center of the view. Her car and her father's truck were parked in the yard. She could see her dad, looking ant-like, moving about, going into the chicken coop and coming out a few minutes later. She said, “If I lived here, I'd probably be even more worked up about the potential casino than I am living down there.”
“Then you will understand why my father is foaming at the mouth over the issue.”
He ushered her inside and introduced her to his parents. The elder Dr. Hoffmeier was reading the evening paper in the living room. He spoke briefly and went back to his reading.
They went into the kitchen where Mrs. Hoffmeier was in the final stages of finishing pot roast with root vegetables. Amanda offered her the sweet potato pie, saying, “If you put this in the oven when you take out the food and turn it off, it should be warmed about perfectly by the time we're ready to eat it.
Mrs. Hoffmeier gave her a brief hug and thanked her. Amanda managed not to pull away from the hug. She didn't mind when Paul put his arms her, but she hated when people she did not know well took such liberties. She shook it off before anyone could notice.
A few minutes later Mrs. Hoffmeier called them to the table. Mrs. Hoffmeier asked if Amanda would mind if they said grace over the food. Amanda said she would not mind. Mrs. Hoffmeier said a prayer that was very different from the one her father used, but she thought the words were beautiful. The beef was tough and the veggies were undercooked, but Amanda ate without complaint. She could tell that Paul knew the food did not even come close to her standards. He looked amused, so she avoided his gaze for fear of an ill-timed giggle-fit.
Paul's father spent the entire dinner ranting about the casino. His wife listened to his tirade with a worried look on her face. Occasionally she met Paul's gaze and knitted her brow. Paul tried several times to change the subject, without success. Amanda gathered from the conversation that the Paul's father had sunk quite bit of his own money into supporting local businesses and trying to fend off gaming.
When she could get a word in, Mrs. Hoffmeier peppered Amanda with personal questions about her social life (or lack thereof) and her community involvement. Amanda felt a little like she was sitting through a job interview rather than having a friendly dinner. Then again, Paul was their only son, and his mother clearly had opinions about the kind of woman he should marry – the sooner the better. Amanda answered the questions politely while gripping her napkin until her knuckles were white. Once Paul patted her leg under the table, she clamped onto his hand like a vice. He winced. He didn't touch her again. 
Amanda's pie was a hit with all of the Hoffmeier's. His father confirmed what Paul had already told her, that they sought out her pies at the county fair and other community bake sales. Amanda grinned and said, “You don't need to pay for my pies. If you want a pie for a particular occasion, just let me know. I'll be glad to bake you one. I usually bake on Saturdays and Wednesdays. An extra pie or two now and then would be no burden at all.”
After dinner, they had coffee in the living room and watched American Idol. Paul's father asked her what she thought of the new judges. She shrugged and told him she'd never watched the show, but she knew that her father was quite worked up about the changes on the judging panel.
He looked at her, puzzled, “You don't watch American Idol?”
“I don't watch much TV at all.”
“How do you pass the time?”
“I read a lot. And I do housework. I also preserve the food we grow in the garden. That big old farm that looks so beautiful from up here is a lot of work.”
Paul's father gave her a withering look and said, “I hope you're not interested in getting out from under all of that work any time soon.”
Amanda smiled and said, “Absolutely not, Dr. Hoffmeier, I love my life on the farm, and I really don't want to think of living anywhere else. I love to cook and clean and make my house the kind of haven where Dad and I can retreat from the world and live in a way that is not that different from the way his parents and grandparents lived – except, of course, for electricity, cell phones and the Internet.
Paul smiled and said to his mother, “Do you remember what it was like walking into Grammie's house over in Milan?”
She closed her eyes and smiled at the memories. “That house smelled like fresh yeast bread and cinnamon. At least when it wasn't pickling time.”
Amanda laughed aloud and wrinkled her nose. “I make pickles in the summer, and Daddy threatens to leave home for a few days. It does really stink up the house. But, having home made pickles the rest of the year is worth it.”
Dr. Hoffmeier looked at her, surprised, “You actually still make your own pickles?”
“Yes, sir. Every year, I make dill, garlic dill, and sweet pickles. Some years I get ambitious and make a couple of different kinds of pickle relish.”
Mrs. Hoffmeier seemed to be softening, “What else do you put up?”
“I can corn, green beans, Lima beans and squash. I put up canned tomatoes and tomato sauce. I used to make tomato juice, too, because my mother always did, but Dad and I realized we don't like tomato juice, so I quit with that. We have a few apple trees and a cherry tree, so I make apple jelly, apple butter and apple sauce as well as cherry pie filling. Usually, once a year, there's a guy who comes through with a big truck full of peaches from Georgia. I buy a couple of bushels and can peaches. In the winter, I order a couple of cases of oranges from a farm in Florida and I make orange marmalade. I also make chutney (usually from ingredients I buy) and I make chow-chow according to a recipe I found in a magazine from an Amish lady in Ohio.”
Paul laughed out loud and said, “Lord, woman, when do you have time to go to work?”
“Between nine and five every day.”
Paul's father said, “I'm guessing your committee work may put a crimp in your cooking this spring.”
Amanda nodded and said, “You're probably right. I doubt we'll have any peach pies this winter. I don't have time to fool with the Georgia peaches this year.” She paused, and added, “But if we can't turn away the casino, we won't have any more farm raised produce to put in the larder. Shoot, we probably won't have a larder anyplace we might have to move.”
Paul took her hand and said, “Then we have to win by hook or crook. I've tasted your peach pie.”
She looked into his eyes for the first time since they'd sat down at the table. She couldn't tell if what she saw thrilled her to the bottom of her soul or terrified her. She did sense that both his parents seemed to approve of their relationship, to different degrees and, she thought, for different reasons.
The mayor was in no real hurry to schedule the referendum, but the campaigning began right away. The gaming company, having been down the referendum road before, had an ad campaign ready to roll out on a moment's notice. They started putting up billboards and mailing out fliers almost immediately.
The committee members created a political action committee, that included a broader membership base, including some church people, to lead the fight against the casino. At the same time, the original group redoubled their efforts to attract new businesses to the area.
The Buckleys decided to delay their move until after the referendum on the casino. They made it clear they would not move to Washburn if the casino was to be built there. The McMillan Company, on the other hand, moved forward with scheduling a visit. Their representative signaled that McMillan would favor a casino because it would provide more entertainment options for their employees. They were ready to move forward.
The campaigning on both sides was fierce. The library became the HQ for the opposition. Chrissie's bar was the HQ for the pro-gambling forces. Paul and Amanda quit going there. Whenever they wanted pizza, Amanda made it at home and Paul came over for dinner.
They were so busy with their campaigning they didn't have a lot of time for normal dating, but their relationship progressed nonetheless. Paul had dinner at the Kreuger farm almost every evening. On the days when there were meetings in town after work, Marvin took her to work and Paul brought her home. Occasionally they stopped at Bill Bannock's restaurant. Once in a while they spent some time at Paul's house. The neighbors noticed that when she was at Paul's house, there was almost always a light on in the basement where everybody knew Paul kept his exercise equipment, rather than in the bedroom, which is what the town was waiting for.
On one of the rare evenings they were at home alone, Marvin asked Amanda what they did in the basement when she went to Paul's house. After she finished sputtering her irritation about everybody having their nose in her business, she told Marvin that they were both so stressed out by the campaigning that they both needed to work out more. Paul was teaching her to box. She held up her arm, grinned and flexed her biceps. “Check out my guns!”
Marvin shook his head, and said, “You should know that the bets are all down about when you two are going to get together. For a town opposed to gambling, there is a lot of money riding on this.”
“This is not a conversation I want to have with my father!” She looked at him through narrowed eyes and said, “And if I find out that you personally have any money at stake on that question, you had better find a girlfriend because I am done serving as your cook.”
He chuckled. “Trust me. I do not now nor do I intend to place any money on that bet. For one thing, I have a front row seat to the show and I think I know what's what.”
“You do, don't you? Hmm. Thank you for letting me know the situation. I'll discuss it with Paul, but our original plan will not change.”
“And what would that be?”
“None of your damned business.”
One day Amanda came home from work and found Andrew Cartwright sitting at the kitchen table talking to her father. It was pretty clear from the dirty plates on the table and the empty coffee pot that they had been there for a while. Since lunch it appeared.
 After she changed her clothes, Marvin asked her if she'd mind taking Andrew for a walk down to the river. She pushed him into the parlor and hissed, “What the hell are you doing? I don't want to be alone with him. Paul would have a fit if he knew you set this up.”
Marvin said, “If what you and Paul have is real, it will survive a conversation between you and Andrew. Andrew has an interesting offer that I think you should take into consideration. I am not going to be around a lot longer. I think you should at least hear the guy out.”
“Okay, but if Paul blows a fuse, I want you to tell him you set this up.”
“He already knows about it. I told him I was going to do it.”
“Why?”
“Because I want you to know you have more options than you know or ever imagined.”
“I thought you liked Paul.”
“I do, and I truly hope that the two of you marry, move in here and live happily ever after, surrounding me with grandchildren to bitch at. But, I want you to know that is not the only option available to you.”
She closed her eyes to forestall the angry tears that threatened to flow. She turned on her heel and marched past Cartwright to the kitchen door. She turned and waved him toward the door. “Okay, you want to walk? Let's go.”
They walked for a while in silence. After a while, he asked, “Did your father tell you why I came here today?”
“He told me you wanted a tour of the property and you wanted to talk to me about my options. So talk. I've got things to do.”
He said, “This is more than you want to know, but I want to share it so you'll understand how truly sorry I am about this whole mess, and my involvement in it.
“I grew up in Davenport, Iowa, on a farm on the banks of the Mississippi River. This place reminds me so much of my family's farm, it makes me want to cry. If I do cry when we get to the riverbank, I hope you won't think less of me.”
She said, “For one thing, I don't think much of you now. But, on the other hand, I frequently cry out by the river just because it's so wonderful. Please go on.”
“We lost our farm about twenty five years ago. There was a flood and the farm was under insured. We lost everything that my family had built over several generations on that land. My parents moved to DesMoines to live with my sister. I moved to Chicago and got a job with Universal Gaming in its marketing department.
“Very shortly thereafter states started approving riverboat gambling. I got tagged as a person to look for potential sites, due to my being an authentic river rat. I could spot flood-prone areas to avoid and I could speak the lingo of the locals. I picked the location and negotiated the sale for most of the riverboat gambling facilities on in the Mississippi and Ohio River valleys. I've had spectacular success and made more money than I ever dreamed possible. That has helped make my parents' lives comfortable, for which I'm grateful.
“Most of the towns we pitched to embraced the casinos. We paid well for the homes we bought, and most people seemed to accept the changes and use the money to build a new life. There were always pockets of resistance, but I thought we were kind of doing the residents a favor. We were making it possible for the displaced people to start over while their towns prospered from the casinos. This town – and you and your dad in particular – have made me see how wrong I may have been. 
“This project was heart-breaker for me from the beginning. I took one look at the aerial view of your farm, and freaked out at the similarity with our place. I didn't want to build here. I tried everything I could to slide the development a few miles to either side of your farm, but this place is too perfect for my company to avoid.
“For me, this project was personal. You see, your farm is so much like the place I grew up on, it's eerie. On the photos, it's even shaped a lot like our old place, and the house is situated in almost exactly the same position on the land. My bedroom was upstairs in a dormer room that overlooked the river. Today, your dad showed me the room in your house where you and he were born. It's exactly like my old room.”
He paused, cleared his throat and wiped his eyes.
“I guess there's a room like that in nearly every farmhouse on every river in America, but this town and your farm in particular were special. I pitched every other possible site in Indiana to try to keep Universal from making a push to buy your land. 
“When it became clear that the company was going to move in here no matter what, I volunteered to take over the project to try to minimize the damage. 
“Then I met you and I was in for an even bigger shock. You blew me away. 
“You see, I've had a lot of casual relationships with women, but I never got serious with anybody. I came to think that there was something inherently wrong with me. No woman ever suited me. I found fault with every woman I ever dated.
“When I met you, I discovered to my amazement that my heart had been waiting for a fresh-faced, farm girl instead of the professional women from Chicago that I generally dated. I was instantly attracted to your simplicity, but I was blown away by your intelligence and strength. I'm sorry I came on so strong. I really am.”
He stood with his hands in his pockets and stared out at the river for a long time breathing deeply of the loamy smell of the riverbank and the fishy smell of the muddy water beyond. He didn't look at her when he started talking again. “The polls are telling us that the town is going to approve the casino by a fairly wide margin. To make matters worse, the McCarthy's made a counter offer to the company that would make it cheaper for Universal to build on their land than to build to the west even with the easement from your dad. If that deal gets done, your property will be essentially worthless.
“I don't expect you to respond in any way to my interest in you personally. Anyone with eyes could see that you and Dr. Hoffmeier are very much in love, and you appear to be perfectly suited for one another. I have no intention of trying to interfere with that. I have, however, decided to acknowledge that you are the kind of woman I'm looking for, and quit dating high-toned city women.”
He sighed, plunged his hands in his pockets and kicked at a rock. “Effective the day before yesterday, I quit my job with Universal. I'll find something to do somewhere with a company that doesn't rob people of their heritage. I have offered your father $3.5 million for this property. If he sells it to me, I won't let the casino build here. I want to give your family enough money to move away from the riverfront so you won't have a casino in your back yard and also so you won't have to start over with nothing like my family did.
“You and Dr. Hoffmeier can build a home to the west, around the bend where you won't be able to see the casino. Your dad told me he'd probably move into one of those apartments to the north of town.
“Before I leave town, I wanted one walk by the river, and I wanted the opportunity to tell you I'm sorry for how this has all turned out. Your dad suggested that I do both things at the same time.”
She walked beside him, in silence, with her hands plunged deep in her own pockets, looking at the ground. She thought that almost everyone she knew would tell her that he was dishing a load of utter bullshit, but her heart knew he was telling the truth. She also knew that her dad had probably already accepted his offer. She could barely breathe. She walked slowly along the path with the river growling in the background, feeling alternately sad to the bone and furious. They stopped and watched the muddy water, running high and swift. The Beautiful Ohio was angry and roiling in its channel that day. It mirrored the tumult of Amanda's emotions.
She looked up and watched Cartwright staring at the river. Somehow she knew that he was feeling similarly conflicted. She saw tears shining in his eyes as he watched the water rush by. How many times had he stood on the banks of the Mississippi River watching a similar scene from a farm to which he could never return?
She said softly, “My dad was going to leave this place to me. I never thought I'd marry or live anyplace else. In my will, I am bequeathing the land to the city with instructions that it be turned into a riverfront park, with jogging trails and picnic areas. Nobody will want to live here with a casino less than a half mile away. Would you turn it into a park, so I can come here walk this path even if it doesn't belong to my family any more?”
“Yes. By all means. I don't plan to live here. I don't want to live next door to a casino, either.”
“Where will you go?”
“I don't know. I think I might take some time off and reconnect with my family in DesMoines. After that, I'm not sure what I’ll do.”
She stopped in the middle of the path and said, “Will you stay here and help us fight the casino? You'll own the prime property next to it.”
“I can't do that. My employment contract has all kinds of post-employment restrictions, one of which is that I can't take any actions in opposition to an ongoing project.”
“Won't buying this place constitute opposing an ongoing project?”
“I hope not. I don't think so, because the company will probably decide to build on the McCarthy land. The McCarthys have all but begged Universal to buy their land, and they're selling it too cheaply for Universal to resist.”
They walked further. She looked around and said softly, “I still want you to build a park, but thinking about it again, I doubt I will visit it. I think I would be too sad to come here and see the McCarthy's cow pasture paved over for parking lots and neon signs flashing.”
“That would probably be wise.”
There was nothing left to say. He stood and watched the water for a while, lost in his own memories. She watched him and knew his pain. But, there was nothing she could do to help him, and he had been responsible for inflicting untold pain on her and her loved ones, so she wasn't sure she would even be inclined to try. She decided not to feel bad about herself for that unkind thought. At least not right at that moment.
He turned his back to the river and said, “I guess we'd better go back.”
When they walked into the kitchen, Paul was pouring a cup of coffee. Marvin was rummaging around in the refrigerator, pulling out containers of food. Paul looked at Amanda and Cartwright. He shook Cartwright's hand and kissed Amanda softly on the cheek, breathing into her ear, “It's okay. Your dad told me what's up.”
Amanda kissed him on the lips and said, “I love you.” Then she turned to her dad and said, “Just what the hell do you think you're doing?”
“I thought I'd be helpful and start supper.”
“By making a shambles of the 'fridge?”
“OK, fine. You do it.”
She looked at the clock and said, “It's late. I think we have two choices. We can have sandwiches or you can all go to Bill Bannock's place and eat out.”
Her father and Paul looked at her as though she had lost her mind. Paul put his hand on her forehead and said with mock concern, “Are you okay?”
She slapped his hand and said, “Yes. I'm fine. Or, I guess as fine as I could be under the circumstances. Personally, I'm not hungry, but emotional turmoil does not seem to affect the male appetite.”
Marvin inclined his head toward Cartwright. “Would it help or hurt for us to be seen in public with you?” 
Cartwright said, “It certainly wouldn't do you any good. People might think that you're trying to do a back-door deal to cut out the McCarthy's. I think it would hurt your credibility as the leaders of the opposition.”
Marvin muttered, “Then I guess it'll be sandwiches for supper.”
Amanda said, “I'll heat up a container of soup to go with.”
Cartwright said, “I'd better be going.”
Paul said, “I actually would like for you to stay for supper if Marvin and Amanda don't mind. I have some questions for you.”
Amanda had dinner on the table in no time. Marvin sat at the head of the table. Cartwright sat in Amanda's usual spot. She sat next to Paul across from Cartwright. Marvin said grace over the food. Ordinarily he didn't do that at home, but then again, Amanda thought that under the circumstances, prayer might be in order. It would be a healthier option than murder, which is rather what she'd like to do to anyone responsible for bringing the casino to town. 
She stirred her soup around and picked at her sandwich while the men talked about the upcoming referendum. Paul peppered Cartwright with questions about tactics that had or had not worked in other areas. Amanda realized that Cartwright had gone from being Public Enemy Number One in Paul's mind to being the best resource they had for what Universal might throw at them. At the moment, that was more important than any residual jealousy he might feel over Cartwright's initial interest in Amanda. She was relieved by that, but she was still in so much pain she couldn't focus on the conversation.
At one point, she noticed that all three of them were looking at her, with concerned expressions. Then she realized that she was literally crying into her soup. She put her hands over her eyes and fought vainly for control. She knew she was losing it, and there was nothing to be done but to throw herself across her bed and sob for a while. She stood up and stuttered through her tears, “Thank you, Andrew, for your honesty and for your generous offer. I rather hope Daddy turns it down, but that's his decision. I need to go cry for a while.” She ran her hand across Paul's chest and then kissed him softly on the cheek. Once in her room, she curled up in the bed and sobbed into the pillow.
A couple of hours later she heard Cartwright leave. Marvin went into his room. Paul knocked on her door and came in without waiting for her invitation. He had never been in her bedroom, and she was a little embarrassed to see it through his eyes. It looked like a child's room. Paul didn't look at the room. He looked at her. He was carrying a cup of hot chocolate, which he set on the nightstand. He sat on the bed and held her. She had finished her crying jag, and felt strengthened by his embrace. They didn't say anything for a while. Then he kissed her, long and passionately. She started to respond, but then pulled back and gave him a lopsided grin, “I think that's enough of that.”
“Andrew is gone and your dad went to bed. Nevertheless, I am not going to take advantage of your emotional upheaval tonight. Especially not in a single bed. With your dad down the hall.
“Are you okay now?”
“Yeah. It's all so much at one time. I guess I never really let myself think about what would happen if we should fail. I watched Andrew looking a the water today and saw the pain that still lingers something like twenty years after his family was displaced from their farm. I recognized it as a loss that I may very well carry with me forever, too.” She sat up, pushed her hair back from her eyes and sipped the chocolate, blowing Paul a grateful kiss. “I'll be fine. I just kind of needed to get that out of my system.”
He pushed a stray strand of her hair behind her ear and said, “Your dad and Andrew agreed to the deal if the casino wins. If we are successful in blocking the casino, you'll keep the farm and everything will go on as before. If the referendum favors the casino, Andrew will buy this land. He likes the idea of turning it into a park.”
She looked up at him with eyes that were dry but filled with pain, “Where will Dad go?”
“He said he'll move into an apartment. There's a nice place near his church.”
“I don't want to live in sterile apartment complex, and I can't afford a place of my own.”
Paul took her into his arms and said, “You won't have to move into a sterile apartment complex. You'll move in with me at the office until we can decide where we want our permanent home to be.”
She tried to look annoyed, but the smile broke through anyway, “And what makes you think I want to move in with you?”
He looked back at her, trying vainly to appear stern, “Number one: because, as you mentioned to me tonight for the first time, you love me. And number two, because married people usually tend to live together.”
She smiled, leaned against him and asked, “And where will we live if we manage to block the casino.”
“We'll live here. Your dad will live here with us, too.”
“You've discussed this with him?”
“Numerous times.”
“Does this mean we are engaged?”
“Sweetheart, in my mind we've been destined to marry from long before our first date, but no we are not engaged yet. We'll need to get a ring for it to be official.”
She climbed across him and retrieved her jewelry box from the top drawer of her dresser. She came back and stood in front of him, opening her palm to show him a delicate engagement ring with a tiny chip diamond. “This was my mother's engagement ring. I have her wedding ring, too. She took them off and gave them to me before she went into the hospital the last time. She didn't want Dad to bury them with her, which she knew he planned to do. She wanted me to have them, and use them if I wanted to. I think we should buy our own wedding bands because I want ours to match and Dad still wears his. I'd like to use Mom's engagement ring, if you don't mind.”
He picked it up and looked at it closely. “You don't want something with a bigger diamond?”
She made a face, “Have you ever seen me wear any kind of jewelry at all?”
“No, I guess not.”
“I think I would be uncomfortable with a big diamond ring. I've never worn rings before. I don't know if I'll like wearing this one. Let's use this ring for now. Later on, after I get used to being a doctor's wife if I want to put on the dog, I'll let you buy me more bling. This will do for now.” She blinked back some happy tears and added, “Besides, I think both Mom and Dad would like it if we use this for our engagement ring.”
He rolled it around in his hand and said softly, “It will be a blessing for us, I think. Your parents loved each other very much.” He pulled her down so she was sitting on his lap, kissed the ring and whispered, “Amanda Krueger, will you marry me?”
She smiled and said, “Yes, I will.” She added, with a wink, “I was beginning to think you'd never ask.”
He slipped the ring on her finger and said, “I was afraid you would think it was too soon because we've only been dating a couple of months.”
She leaned against him and breathed into his ear, “That's true, but I think we've been soul-mates forever.”
They kissed for a long time. Marvin came out of his bedroom and went into the bathroom. Paul jumped up off the bed and did a virtual ninja leap across the room. Amanda laughed out loud. Marvin stuck his head around in the doorway, and asked, “You okay?” He looked surprised to see Paul standing by the wall.
Amanda was about to become hysterical, but instead she jumped off the bed and said, “You are the lucky person who gets to be first to congratulate us on our engagement.” She held out her left hand. “I think you know where this came from.”
Marvin started to cry. “Oh, my God. I didn't know you had her ring. I thought somebody stole her rings in the hospital. I raised quite lot of hell about that. I intended to bury them with her.”
“She knew that. Which is why she gave them to me. She wanted me to use them if it felt right. I won't use the wedding ring, but I want to use this for my engagement ring.” She paused and looked up at her father, adding softly, “That is, if you don't mind.”
He made no effort to stop the tears that rolled down his cheeks. “I don't mind at all. In fact, I am touched that you want to wear that ring. We were so broke when we got married that was the best I could do. I was always embarrassed that Clarissa had such a small diamond. It speaks well of you that you two understand that it isn't the size of the diamond but the love it represents that really matters.”
Amanda held up a finger, “Let's stop this nonsense now. I've already had one crying jag tonight. I don't want another. We have a bottle of champagne in the fridge that we never used at New Years, because we both went to bed before midnight.” She looked at Paul and said, “Did I mention we farmers go to bed at sundown and get up before dawn, and are total duds in between.”
“I think I figured that out the first time I suggested we go to an 8:30 PM movie and you said that was after your bedtime.”
“Anyway, the champagne is in order now. Let's make a party.”
Chapter 7
The campaigning on both sides of the question was ferocious. Paul and the development committee tried mightily to keep the campaign clean, factual and impersonal. Some of the church groups and a few Tea Party-types, who wanted to keep all outsiders out of the area, ran some ads that made the committee cringe. The committee meetings continued to be held in the library on Thursday night. At about seven, they got in the habit of stopping for dinner at Bill Bannock's restaurant, where they were joined by a group of their supporters. Most of those evenings turned into political rallies.
Similar rallies took place with the supporters of gaming at Chrissie's place. The leadership of both sides admonished their supporters to go straight home afterward, especially if they had consumed any adult beverages. They wanted no arrests for fighting between the factions. They constantly reminded their supporters that they were all going to have to continue to live together no matter how the vote went so it was important to keep the campaigning polite. 
The town came under substantial press scrutiny during the run-up to the referendum. Paul and the mayor seized the opportunity to get some free publicity for the committee's efforts to bring other businesses to the area. That proved to be a brilliant strategy. They received calls from a number of companies who wanted to know more about what the town was offering to businesses who wanted to move there. All of the committee members were busier than they had ever planned to be with calls and visits from prospects. They ultimately had to add members. Ellen Hoskins volunteered to serve as the secretary for the group, attending to correspondence and scheduling visits and meetings. Up to that time Amanda had been serving that function as well as meeting directly with prospects. She set Ellen up in a corner of her office in the library and enjoyed working with her. Almost immediately their professional compatibility blossomed into friendship. Amanda hadn't had a girlfriend since college, and she was a little worried that she wasn't up to having both a new BFF and a boyfriend all at the same time, but she was so busy she didn't have time to dwell on her worries.
Several others joined the committee as full members, a few from the business community along with a few school administrators and town employees.
Amanda met with the library Board to discuss her work schedule. She had cleared her work on the committee with the Board, but had not previously made it clear how much of a time commitment it was for her. She explained that she was going to need to take some time off to meet with potential new businesses. All of the members of the Board opposed the gaming referendum, for various reasons. After minimal discussion, they agreed to allow Amanda to take off as much time as she needed prior to the referendum. They told her to set up a schedule for extra volunteers to fill in for her during her absences. The Board president suggested that, if necessary, the library could close an hour earlier to avoid overloading the volunteers with hours. It was the consensus of the Board that her salary would not be reduced because her work on the committee would inure to the benefit of the community, and, hence, to the library.
As it turned out, when the volunteers learned the extent of the work Amanda was doing, they flocked to volunteer extra hours, and some of them even stepped up to actually do some work for a change.
Amanda, Paul and Donna were the three members of the committee who were most closely tethered to their jobs, so the mayor, Bill Bannock and some of the other new members did the lion's share of the out-of-town travel. Amanda, Paul and Donna handled most of the on-site tours and meetings with companies who visited Washburn.
The Buckleys stayed in touch with the committee, and made it very clear that if the town held off the casino, they would move into the area. The McMillan company accepted the city's offer to prepare the site for their plant and offer certain income tax incentives. The committee persuaded the city to hire the McCarthy company to do the site preparation work. That did not dissuade Sheila McCarthy from her role as leader of the pro-gaming faction. A couple of other small businesses had agreed to move into the area as well. The mayor pushed the Council to grease the skids for those companies to be able to move quickly.
About a month before the referendum, a high-tech medical supply company from Bloomington requested to schedule an introductory meeting at their headquarters. The mayor, Paul and Amanda were all graduates of Indiana University. They were selected to handle the visit. Even though it was relatively nearby, it had been years since Amanda had visited Bloomington. She recalled her years on the beautiful campus of IU with delight. The mayor and Paul were both equally thrilled to have the opportunity to visit. They both said it was too bad that it wasn’t basketball season so they could catch a game. Amanda refrained from making a smart remark.
The meeting was scheduled on a Friday. The mayor said he wanted to drive separately because he had an appointment in Indianapolis on Saturday, so he was going to spend the night on the road rather than driving back to Washburn and then doubling back the next morning. Paul and Amanda told the committee they would drive to Bloomington and back the same day to save on hotel expenses. 
Spring had arrived in verdant glory. Amanda tried to count all the shades of green she saw in the fields, but couldn't count that high, and had no words to describe the subtle variations on the color. Flowers bloomed everywhere: white, yellow and purple being the predominant colors, although the occasional red or blue caught her eye. She felt as though she could have flown to Bloomington on the wings of her joy. She looked at Paul who was singing along with an ancient Bruce Springsteen CD, smiling.
She took his hand. He squeezed hers in return, but continued to sing. He was off key and behind the beat, but his voice was so happy it actually sounded beautiful to her.
The meeting went better than any of them could have imagined. The owner began the meeting by telling them that their business, manufacturing special components for surgical devices, was doing exceedingly well. They needed to expand and their property in Bloomington was not large enough to house a factory the size they needed. They polled their employees and learned that most of them were natives of Indiana or Kentucky. Virtually all of them were graduates of IU, but not one of them was a native of Bloomington. They all wanted to stay in the state, but they were okay with moving to a different location. More than half said they would prefer a small town or rural location.
Mayor Stevens explained the offer the city was making and the management team told them that would be excellent. Paul said, “It seems to me that you're planning to transfer your existing team. How many jobs will you add to Washburn?”
“Actually, after we started looking into it, we decided to keep this factory open with most of its existing staff of seventy-five. We'll transfer a some technical specialists and a management team, but we will hire a number of local people. I will be honest and tell you that many of our jobs are highly technical positions requiring special training. We recruit those employees from the university.
“We estimate that for the non-technical manufacturing, clerical, and maintenance positions that we'll be hiring locally, we should bring forty jobs immediately and up to eighty jobs over the next three to five years. We pay really well, so the income tax base would benefit the community even from the people we transfer into your area. As a bonus, two of the management people who are slated to move have spouses who own their own businesses and both of them plan to move those businesses to Washburn as well. My wife is a beautician. She plans to open a shop wherever we move. The VP of manufacturing, who is in Germany at a conference right now, is married to a dentist. He has agreed to go with her, and will plan to opening a dental practice in whatever town she is transferred to.”
It was very hard for Amanda not to jump up and cheer. Washburn hadn't had a dentist in over ten years. The residents had to go to a town nearby for their dental work. She glanced at the mayor and at Paul. Their expressions were neutral, but she could sense their excitement.
After a few moments, Paul smiled and said, “Look, I'll be honest. You're just what we're looking for. And, at the risk of getting clobbered after the meeting by my colleagues for being too honest, the bonus of a dentist is exceedingly attractive to us, because we don't have a dentist in town. I'm going to go out on a limb here and make a direct invitation for you to consider coming to Washburn.”
The president said, “Washburn is number one on our list.”
The mayor asked, “When do you plan to move?”
After a pause that was obviously for emphasis, the president said, “We'll be prepared to move immediately after the referendum if the town votes down the gaming resolution. If your town votes for the casino, we plan to move to a rural location to the northwest of here. We'd prefer Washburn for its proximity to Evansville and Louisville, plus the river location. None of our employees wants to live in the shadow of a casino, however.”
Paul said, “No pressure or anything.”
“We're sorry to be so blunt, but we've discussed this with the employees who will be transferring and they are all pretty adamant about it.”
The mayor stood up and said, “Well, then, what do you say we agree to call you immediately after the vote.”
“That would be good. We're eager to move. The referendum is the second week of June, is that correct?”
Paul said, “Yes.”
The president said, “We'll be prepared to make a commitment immediately after the vote, and we would envision breaking ground on the new plant by the first of August.”
Amanda grinned, “Can we use that in our campaign ads?”
The manager said, “Yeah. Why not? We really want to move to Washburn. If you can sway any votes by promising to start building a new factory over the summer, do it.”
They huddled in the parking lot, congratulating one another, but refraining from doing a happy dance where the people inside might see. 
The mayor said, “I'm going to go on into Indy this afternoon. I'll call our publicity consultant and see if I can get in to see him. We want to get this information out as quickly as possible in the most effective way. We now have two companies who will move to Washburn if we turn away the casino. We need to convince the voters that we can improve the economy of our town without resorting to gambling.”
They shook hands and the mayor went on his way. Paul looked at Amanda and smiled, “What do you want to do now?”
“Let's walk around on campus. I haven't been here in years. IU is such a beautiful place.”
They drove to a public parking lot on campus and walked around for a few hours. The place exuded energy and intelligence, but also had the kind of timeless serenity that Amanda always found in libraries and schools. It was as though somehow the body of knowledge that was hallowed by the academic world hovered over the area and made current day-to-day worries seem inconsequential. She tried to express that to Paul, in an almost incoherent babble. He laughed and said, “I have no idea on earth what you just said, but – amazingly – I think I understand what you mean.”
They grabbed a burger at a new restaurant that was located on the site of a place they had frequented during their years at IU.
They wandered through some of the buildings where they had each had classes. Amanda said, “I want to go to the library.”
“You turning this into a bus-man’s holiday?”
“No. I just want to see it. I've read that many universities no longer have books in their libraries. Everything is electronic. I want to see what a library without books looks like.”
There were still a lot of books in the library. Paul wandered around, while Amanda struck up a conversation with a research librarian. A little while later she caught up with him and they left by a side entrance. They were a couple of miles from the car. It was dinnertime, and the campus was relatively uncrowded. They walked back to Paul's car, holding hands.
When the mayor told them he was going to drive separately, Paul and Amanda realized this was their opportunity to get away by themselves. They had each packed a bag for the weekend. Amanda had been nervous when she told her dad that she would not be home until Sunday. He grinned and promised not to tell anyone she was gone. Most of the time Amanda stayed at home on the farm from Friday night until Monday morning, so she was hoping her absence might go unnoticed.
Paul drove to a bed and breakfast in a tiny town west of Bloomington. When he pulled into the parking lot and turned off the car, he said, “My brother-in-law found this place. He and my sister come here to get away from the kids occasionally. He says the food is fabulous and the rooms are beautifully appointed.” He turned to look at her directly. “My question to you is, do we need two rooms or one?”
She blushed deeply and turned away from him for a moment, more to conceal her excitement than anything. Then she met his eyes directly and said, “One.”
He smiled. 
They went inside and he checked in. Amanda noticed with amusement that he had only reserved one room in the first place. The owner told them that they were the only guests for the weekend, and offered to schedule meals at their convenience. Paul turned to Amanda and raised his eyebrows. She smiled and said to the owner, “You know we had a huge lunch today. I don't think I could eat a regular dinner. Could we perhaps have a tray of snacks at some point during the evening?”
The lady looked from Amanda to Paul and back. She tried unsuccessfully to hide her mirth. “When you're ready, call me on the intercom and I'll fix you right up.” She stepped around the desk and led them upstairs to what had evidently at one time been the master bedroom in what amounted to a mansion for rural Indiana. The room was huge and had french doors opening onto a small balcony, that overlooked farmland that stretched as far as they could see.
Amanda looked across the fields with wet eyes. “This is so beautiful. I could sit out on the porch all weekend just watching the crops grow.”
The owner said, “Thank you so much for that. Many of my patrons think the view is boring.”
Paul said, “I think we should spend the weekend resting on the porch. We've had way too much excitement in our lives lately. We need to relax and be reminded of what we love about living in the country.”
The woman looked puzzled. Paul explained briefly about their political battles. She nodded and said, “I wish you all the luck.” Then she looked at them again, and asked, “Would you like me to bring you a bottle of wine? You could relax for a couple of hours and then I'll bring you some snacks.”
Amanda started to shake her head, but Paul said, “That would be lovely. You don't have to deliver it. I have to get something out of the car. I'll bring up the wine.”
Amanda went out on the porch closed her eyes and inhaled the smell of newly mowed grass and flowers. It was quieter than the farm where she could always hear the river even when she couldn't see it. She could feel the peacefulness begin to seep into her troubled spirit. Paul startled her when he came into the room with a bottle of wine, two glasses and a small box that he set on the dresser.
He put the wine on a table in the corner and joined her on the porch. He leaned over to her and said, with a husky voice, “If you don't mind, I'd like to save the wine for later. Right now, I think you and I need to take advantage of our time alone.”
She leaned back in the chair and grinned at him, saying, “And how do you propose to spend that time?”
“For starters, I'd like you to let me undress you.”
Amanda caught her breath. Then she was in his arms, and they moved into the bedroom. He undressed her slowly and clearly enjoyed the process. She thought she would be embarrassed to be naked in front of him, but the look in his eyes made her proud instead. She was in great shape, especially after adding boxing to her normal exercise routine, and he clearly appreciated her body.
He moved the condoms to the bedside, undressed quickly and fumbled with the wrapper. She said, “That's not necessary.”
He looked at her with a question in his eyes, “You didn't inherit that Catholic anti-birth control crap, did you?”
“No. But, I told you that I wasn't going to have sex with you until we decided to get married and at that point I wanted to be open to starting a family. Well, we've decided to get married, even if we technically haven't tied the knot.”
He climbed in bed, and threw his leg over hers, pulling her close, “Don't you want to plan a wedding?”
“No. I want to get married at the city hall one day without telling anyone. If we need witnesses, we can bring our parents.”
He chuckled, “You really and truly are the simple country girl you appear to be.”
“Yes, I am. And, if that's a problem for you, you have about thirty seconds to let me know before it is too late for you to turn back.”
He pulled her closer and said, “You know. When I married Sandy, I was the typical intern. I worked killer hours and slept during the few hours I wasn't working. Sandy, her mom and my mom planned the entire wedding. I just showed up at the very end. I was horrified when I learned what a huge event that they had put together. It was the full Monty. This was almost twenty years ago. Her parents spent $20,000 on the wedding. I think that was the only time in my life I ever really got drunk. I was revolted by the entire thing. Perhaps that should have been a warning to me.” 
He ran his fingers through her hair, and said, “When do you want to get married?”
“Whenever it can be arranged.”
“I'd like to do it fairly soon because I'd really like the opportunity to live in your house at least for a little while.”
“Do you know if there's a waiting period in Indiana?”
“There is not. We could get the license at the town hall and get married the same day. The only requirement is that you will have to submit a premarital medical examination certificate. When was the last time you went to the gynecologist.”
“I had my annual exam about a month ago.”
“Who's your doctor?”
“Brad Pyatt.”
“Call his office and ask them to fill out the form and fax it to you on Monday morning. I'm off on Monday. Perhaps you could take an hour off from the library and we can get this done right away.”
She ran her fingers down the center of his chest to his washboard abdomen. “So, basically, what it amounts to is we're going to have the honeymoon and then get married.”
He chuckled and said, “I suppose you could put it that way.”
She nuzzled his ear and whispered, “Then shut the hell up and let's get on with it.”
After he finished laughing, they did just that. As it turned out, they never did open the wine or call for snacks. They made love a couple of times and then fell asleep amid a tangle of sheets.
Amanda woke up the next morning about five o'clock to the smell of coffee and cinnamon. Paul was snoring. She watched him for a few minutes, with her heart so full she felt as though she could fly. Then she went to the bathroom, showered quickly, dressed and crept out of the room. She knocked on the door of the kitchen and asked if she could have a cup of coffee. The proprietor looked up, surprised. Then she smiled. “Certainly. Would you like something to eat. You must be starving.”
Amanda grinned, “Actually, I am. I think I'll take you up on that. I'll let Paul sleep for a while and then take him breakfast in bed.”
“You think he'll want a full eggs-bacon-and-potatoes breakfast?”
“I'm sure he will. I don't think he's used to skipping meals. Let's allow him to sleep until about seven.” Amanda asked if there were any parks in the area with walking trails. The lady gave her some brochures. She read the newspaper in the living room and had a second cup of coffee. About seven, the owner came out with a tray bearing two breakfasts, with coffee and juice. She said, “I'll carry this up the stairs for you, but I'll let you take it into the room.”
Amanda cringed because she suspected the lady was pretty sure that Paul was sprawled naked across the bed, which is precisely how Amanda had left him. The owner held the door as Amanda entered the room, and she closed it gently behind Amanda. Paul sat up in bed and rubbed his eyes. “Oh, my God that smells good. What time is it?”
Amanda put the tray on the table and said, “Seven. You want to eat in bed or out on the porch?”
“I've never understood the attraction of eating in bed. Let's eat on the porch.” He got out of bed and went into the bathroom while Amanda laid out breakfast. Paul walked up behind her, turned her around and kissed her deeply. He said, “It occurred to me last night that there is something I have not said to you, even though I think you know it already, but I have to say it: I love you.”
She looked up into his amazing eyes and said, “I love you, too. And I always will.”
Paul ate all of his breakfast and most of hers and then stretched and patted his stomach. “Oh, dear Lord, I am one happy fella this morning.”
She laughed at him and said, “I guess sex and food is what most men are all about.”
He looked at her with a question in his eyes, “And what about women.”
“I think most women would tell you that what makes them happiest is love and family.”
“What about you?”
She moved over and sat on his lap and said, “I think sex and food is good.”
He kissed her and said, “Well, I'm sure I'll be up for both again later, but right now I'm too full to have sex. Let's go for a walk.”
She said, “There's a park nearby with several walking trails. One of which is 10K.”
“Perfect! Let's get dressed and go stretch our legs.”
Amanda started straightening the bed. Paul said, “This is an inn, Sweetheart. You don't have to make the bed.”
“I'm just straightening things up a little. I know the owner knows what happened here last night, but I guess I'm a little embarrassed at the mess we made of the room.”
“She's probably seen worse.”
“I guess. But, I've never had sex in a motel-like environment before. I have to admit it feels odd.”
“You and Brandon?”
“I lived in a dorm, but he had an apartment. After I graduated, we moved to Indy and shared an apartment.”
“You okay?”
She thought about that for a minute, and said, “I'm 99% out-of-my-mind deliriously happy and one percent freaked out at the magnitude of what is going on in our lives.”
He smiled. “That's amazing. I'm at about 80/20.”
“Let's go for that walk and see if we can focus on our happiness, and deal with all the other stuff later.”
They spent the morning walking through the countryside. The inn did not serve lunch, so they picked up sandwiches at a deli and ate their lunch at a picnic table in the town square. Then they returned to the inn where they spent the afternoon in their room alternately making love and napping. They had told the owner they'd like to have dinner at seven. At six thirty, they went downstairs. Paul carried the still-unopened wine and glasses. The owner was setting the table. She smiled and said, “Dinner will be ready in about a half an hour.”
He held up the wine bottle and said, “We're going to take this out on the front porch. We are in no rush.”
She smiled and said, “I wish all my patrons were as easy-going as you two.”
Amanda grinned and said, “We kind of trashed the room, however.”
The lady winked at her and said, “Making a mess is no problem, as long as you didn't damage anything.”
They lingered over dinner, talking and gazing at one another. After dinner, they went back to their room and sat on the balcony listening to the night sounds, dominated by the whirring of crickets. They turned in early.
On Sunday, they had breakfast at the inn and then headed for home, arriving at the farm just as Marvin was coming home from church. Amanda offered to make him breakfast. Paul told her that he could eat something, too. She made a face and said, “Where do you put it?”
“I get a lot of exercise and have a high metabolism.”
She made them a huge breakfast and sat at the table, drinking coffee watching the men eat. After they ate, Amanda and Paul walked the path to the river. He said, “Your dad and I talked a while ago about me moving in here. Now that it's about to happen, I think the three of us should have a talk about the logistics.”
“I've been thinking about it. I agree with you that we need to talk. My room's too small for two people. Hell, it's too small for me, but I just never made the effort to move upstairs.”
“There's an upstairs?”
“There's a dormer room I want to show you.”
They went back into the house and up the stairs to what Amanda always referred to as the attic, but it was really a finished room. On one end there was a bay window with a view of the river. Paul said, “My God, why didn't you use this room?”
“This used to be the master bedroom. When Mom got sick, Daddy moved their room downstairs. After that, Daddy never moved up here again. We talked occasionally about me moving up here, but I just never made the effort. I think this would be perfect for us.”
Paul looked out the window at the river, which appeared blue and clean under the spring sky. He said, “So perfect it hurts to think of how hard it would be to leave it.”
She put her hand over his heart and said, “Then let's not think about that now.”
He looked around and said, “You think we could put in a bathroom up here?”
“We could get an estimate.”
He kissed her and said, “OK. Let's go talk to your dad.”
“When do you want to move in?”
“Here's my suggestion. Since it turns out that we are much randier than I expected us to be, let's stay at my apartment for a couple of weeks until we can clean out this room and furnish it. I don't want to sleep in your single bed in the room next door to your dad.”
“I think that's great idea. I will pack a few things to camp out at your place until we get squared away here.”
They went downstairs and joined Marvin in the parlor. He looked up at them with his eyes twinkling. “You two look like you have some kind of announcement.”
Amanda said, “Yes, we do and if you make any money on it, I'll clobber you.”
“I told you I did not make any bets.”
Paul said, “But, I'm guessing that the whole town is expecting you to put out the word.”
“No. I don't need to do that. The first person who sees either one of you tomorrow will know.” He paused and winked, “And the word will go forth happily into the community.” He stood up, shook Paul's hand warmly and kissed Amanda. “It’s probably inappropriate for a father to say this, but you have no idea how happy I am at this turn of events.” He turned away and cleared his throat. Then he asked when they were getting married.
Paul said, “Tomorrow.”
Amanda added, “Providing I can get Dr. Pyatt's office to fill out that form. They are terribly slow.”
“Don't worry about it. I called Brad at home yesterday. He's already filled out the form and emailed it to me.” He winked at her. “I wasn't willing to take chances on his crackerjack clerical staff to get that done. Besides, I wanted it done quietly. Brad promised not to tell anybody. So, here's the plan. We show up at the town hall, buy the license and have the mayor marry us all in one fell swoop. I have already confirmed that Mayor Stevens will be in his office tomorrow mid-day.”
“How do you know?”
“I made an appointment. I told him I'd stop by around lunch time to discuss our next steps with respect to the MedTek deal.”
Amanda said, “I guess we should go talk to your parents today.”
“Yes.”
Marvin asked, “When are you going to move in here?”
Paul explained their plan, and Marvin nodded. “I think that will work well. Amanda's room is not big enough for the two of you.”
Amanda stared off into space for a minute, and said, “Do you think after we talk to your parents that we could go to the mall?”
He dad looked shocked. “You want to go to the mall? You get apoplectic when I suggest shopping there.”
“I know. I hate it. But I wear old jeans and a sweater to work every day. I want to get married in a pretty dress. And the mall is the only place open on Sunday.”
Amanda kissed her dad, and they took off. Paul's parents were as delighted by the news as Marvin had been. They agreed to meet Paul and Amanda at the town hall the next day at noon. Mrs. Hoffmeier invited them to stay for supper, but they begged off, explaining their mission at the mall.” Then he started laughing and looked at Amanda. “Besides clothes, we need something else at the mall.”
“What's that?”
“Wedding rings.”
She burst out laughing and waved her hand in the air. “Details.” She grinned and added, “Someday we're going to have a great time telling our kids about our impromptu wedding.”
He quipped, “Yeah, and when our daughter asks me to spring for a $50,000 wedding extravaganza, I'll get great pleasure in showing her the budget for ours.”
“Good idea. We need to write it down for posterity.”
They went to the jewelry store first. They had agreed on plain gold bands, with no decoration. The clerk at the jewelry store was (fortunately) a stranger. She took a glance at Amanda's engagement ring, turned up her nose and showed them only the cheapest rings in the store. They found rings that fit and Paul paid for them with an American Express platinum card. The clerk looked confused.
Amanda and Paul managed to make it to the corridor before they succumbed to a mutual giggle fit. Paul asked, “Where to, now?”
Amanda looked around. “I don't know. I've never bought clothes here before.”
He made a face, “Where do you buy your clothes?”
She said, “I buy my jeans at the Goodwill and I buy most of my blouses and sweaters online.”
He laughed and said, “I'm the town doctor. I have a certain position in the town. Please refrain from shopping at the Goodwill.”
“I go to the Goodwill store in Evansville.”
“Even so. I would like for you not to shop in thrift stores. Let’s see. My mother buys her outrageously expensive shit in Indy, but I like to shop at the department store here. What do you have in mind?”
“I just want a simple dress. Nothing fancy. Not a wedding dress. Just a nice dress.”
They went to the department store and found a plain sheath dress in pale blue because Amanda did not want to wear white. While they were at it, she bought new shoes, as well. Simple taupe pumps.”
Paul said, “OK. You have something blue. What are you going to borrow?”
She thought about it. “Dad kept some of Mom's personal treasures. She has some lace handkerchiefs. I'll borrow one of those.”
“Good. You need something new. Let's go back to the jewelry store.”
They went back to the jewelry store and Paul marched directly to the case with the pearls and pointed at a beautiful 16” pearl necklace. “I'll take that.”
The same clerk who waited on him before said, “It costs $350.”
“I'll take it.” He slapped his credit card on the counter and said, “I'll take the matching earrings too.” He turned to Amanda and asked, “Do you have pierced ears?”
“No.”
“Then never mind the earrings.”
The clerk asked, “How about a bracelet?”
Amanda shook her head. “The necklace is overwhelming enough.”
He drove her home, and she invited him to stay for dinner. He accepted. She made a huge tuna casserole for supper, while Marvin and Paul watched a baseball game on TV. When they came to the table, Marvin asked her why she'd made so much food. She told him that she had made enough tuna casserole as well as soup and sliced roast beef to last him all week. “Paul and I are going to try to start cleaning out the attic next weekend, but I don't think I'll be out here much this week.”
Marvin put his huge, gnarled hand over hers and said, “Amanda, how many times am I going to have to tell you: you don't have to take care of me. I can cook for myself, or I could go out once in a while.”
“Hopefully you won't have to fend for yourself too long. I want us to move out here very soon. We want to live here as long as we can in case ... You know.”
Marvin nodded. They tucked into the meal and chatted about town gossip while they ate.
Paul helped her clean up the kitchen. Then he said, “Before I leave, would you mind if I go up and check out the upstairs again.”
“Mind if I go with you?”
“I think I could put up with your company.”
The moon was full and the sky was clear. They could see the river, golden in the moonlight. Amanda said, “You know when I was growing up, I was kind of an oddball among my friends in that I wanted nothing more than to get married and live on a farm, raising kids and critters. Last year on my birthday, I came up here and watched the moon on the water just like this. I had a flash vision of myself as an old woman living alone in this house, a rather Miss Havisham-like person. I told myself that my goal for the year would be to try to get over my dream of marriage and children.”
“Did you succeed?”
“I was making good progress.” She put her hands on his chest and looked up at him. “And then you walked into my life and made my fondest dream come true.”
“When is your next birthday?”
She smiled, “Tomorrow.”
“That will be a big day for you.”
“It will for a fact. I’ll have the best birthday ever, and I bet nobody will even remember that it is my birthday.”
“We’d both better get some rest.”
She walked him to his car and promised to meet him at the town hall at 11:30 to buy the license.
Amanda had packed a small suitcase for the week the night before. She put it in the trunk of her car, and put her wedding dress and shoes in garment bag on the seat. In the morning, she dressed in her usual jeans and sweater. Marvin asked her why she wasn't wearing her dress. She told him she'd change later. She didn't want to wear her dress at the library and risk getting it dirty, not to mention tipping off her intentions to the library patrons who had never seen her in a dress.
In the morning she called in some volunteers to work the afternoon, telling them that she had some committee business to attend to. They were used to that by now. A little after 11, the volunteers arrived. Amanda ducked into the bathroom and changed into her wedding dress. She was rather glad that it was drizzling which gave her the excuse to wear a raincoat. She pulled into the town hall parking lot behind Paul. They went into the clerk's office together. The clerk, who was one of Paul's patients, looked up at them and grinned. “What can I do for you two happy-looking and very over-dressed folks.”
Paul said, “We'd like a marriage license and your promise not to pick up that damned phone for at least an hour. I'll throw in a free allergy shot for your son as an inducement to your cooperation.”
They filled out the paperwork and went out to the lobby where Marvin was talking to Paul's parents. Mrs. Hoffmeier said, “Amanda, would you like me to hold your coat. I don't think you want to get married in a raincoat.”
Marvin handed Paul a square box. “I hope this is okay. The florist said your request was a little vague.”
Paul reached in the box and handed Amanda a small nosegay of what appeared to be wildflowers. She said, “Thank you. It's beautiful. It looks like the home paddock in the springtime.”
“That's kind of what I was going for.”
They knocked on the mayor's door. He was reading at his desk and stood up to greet them. His eyes widened when he saw how they were dressed and the entourage that followed them into the room.
Paul said, “Before we get to our business meeting, we were hoping you'd take a couple of minutes out to marry us.”
The mayor raised his hands and lifted his eyes to Heaven, and said, “With pleasure!” He walked around his desk and greeted the Hoffmeiers and Marvin with hand shakes, kissed Amanda on the cheek and added, “You are perhaps the most beautiful bride I've married in years.” Then he patted Paul's shoulder, and winked, “I'm very happy for both of you.”
Paul chuckled and asked, “Who wins the pool?”
He pulled a piece of paper from under his blotter and said, “Nobody selected today. But I picked day before yesterday, which makes me the closest without going past.” He looked at Marvin and asked, “How much is in the pot?”
Amanda whirled around pointed her finger at her dad. She spoke softly to avoid yelling. “YOU are holding the money?”
Marvin put up his hands. “Other than the Baptist preacher, I'm about the only person in town who wasn't in the pool. They made me hold the money.”
Paul held up his hand and looked at his father. “Before you answer that, Dad, what day did you have?”
“I had Thursday of this week and your mom had Saturday.”
Marvin said, “The kitty is a little over $500.”
Paul said, “Then the mayor should buy us our wedding lunch.”
The ceremony was over in only a few minutes. They invited the mayor to join them for the lunch. He bowed out. The elder Dr. Hoffmeier said, “Since you didn't have a rehearsal dinner, I'll buy lunch.” He winked at the mayor. “I'll let you off the hook.”
The five of them went to the Wilder Inn, which was ordinarily not open for lunch, but had made a special accommodation at Paul's request. They ate and talked most of the afternoon. Paul's mother asked, “Are you staying here tonight?”
Paul shook his head, “No. Amanda is going to stay with me until we can get the attic room cleaned out at the farm. Then we'll move in there with Marvin.” He added with a bitter note to his voice, “For as long as we can.”
His mother smiled, “I sometimes watch Amanda and Marvin working in the garden. It will be a delight to watch you join that happy home.”
Paul hugged his mother and said, “I'll wave at you from time to time.”
Amanda said, “It's funny, you can see the entire farm so well, but I can't see you from the yard.”
Marvin said, “I'll loan you my binoculars.”
Amanda hugged and kissed her father and started to get weepy. He chucked her under the chin and said, “Knock it off, girl. You'll be back home in a couple of weeks. I'll stop in at the library to see you. Who knows, maybe you'll like living in town.”
“Not likely. At least not in that in that tiny garret where Paul lives.”
His mother said, “Thank you! I thought I was the only one who felt that way about Paul's so-called apartment.”
Their parents drove off and Paul drove Amanda back to the town hall where she picked up her car and followed him to his office.
They pulled up in front of the house and found a large hand-lettered sign that read: CONGRATULATIONS DR. AND MRS. HOFFMEIER (and Mayor Stevens).
Amanda started to take it down, but Paul told her to leave it there. “Might as well let everybody know at one time.”
It was dinnertime but neither of them was hungry for food. They went straight to the bedroom. Amanda touched the pearls and said, “I've never worn jewelry before, but I think I will wear this necklace whenever I can. I love it, and I love you.”
He put his arms around her and said, “How about you prove it?”
The next morning she got up and fixed a big breakfast. They ate and cleaned up together. She said, “You don't have to help clean up.”
“Yes, I do. You're my wife, not the maid.”
“You mean there's a difference?”
“In my world, there's a huge difference. I like your father, and I realize that he comes from a different generation and a different culture, but I have to tell you it's hard for me to watch him let you do all the work around the house.”
“Please don't say anything to him about that. I know he'd feel bad. When I first moved back home, he used to try to help but I'm so obsessive about how I want things done, he finally quit offering.” She looked at Paul and said, “I don't think I've warned you about my OCD tendencies.”
“We'll deal with that as it comes up. I promise, I won't criticize your dad, but I will plan to help you whenever I can. We both work. We should both do the housework.”
She asked, “What if we have kids? Do you think I'd be able to quit working at the library and stay home?”
He kissed her nose and said, “I'm a small town doctor who does occasionally do business on a barter basis, as I have mentioned. But, most of my patients have insurance that pays cash money. I don't make as much as city doctors in big practices, but I do just fine. Yes. You can quit working anytime you want, with or with out babies at your breast.”
She put her arms around him and said, “I love you, and I don't know how I'm going to manage to tear myself away, but at least for now I do still have a job, and I need to go to work on time so Mr. Arthur can read his damned newspaper.”
Amanda was getting into her car as Paul's nurse pulled into her parking space. She jumped out of her car and rushed over to congratulate Amanda. She said, “You know, Dr. Hoffmeier was so very unhappy after his divorce. He loves this town and didn't want to leave his patients, but most of us who knew him best feared he'd die of loneliness. During these last few months, he’s like a new man. I cannot describe how happy I am for both of you.”
“Thank you. That means a lot. I know that you and Paul have worked together for a long time.”
The woman said, “I worked for his dad before he retired. I feel downright maternal towards that man, and I don't plan to stop. He needs more than one woman to cluck over him.”
Amanda laughed and pointed toward the house. “This is your shift. Cluck away.”
She waved and headed for the library. Mr. Arthur was standing at the door. Amanda ran up the steps two at time and said, “You know, I should just give you a key.”
He grinned and said, “Now that you're a newlywed, why don't you do that. If you're late for work, I'll cover for you.”
She bopped him on the head with the newspaper, and then handed it to him. As he walked in the door, he said, “By the way, I am very happy for you.”
“Thank you.”
The library was a zoo that day. Nobody wanted to read anything or check out any books, but practically everybody in town stopped by to say congratulations. The florist delivered floral arrangements from the library Board, the Friends of the Library and the Kiwanis. Amanda looked at the desk and said out loud, “It looks like somebody died.”
On Thursday, the committee meeting began with applause and more congratulations all around. Bill Bannock announced, “Tonight after the meeting, dinner for the group will be on me in honor of the happy event.”
Then they turned to business. Their success had been astonishing. They had two companies firmly committed to move to Washburn. They had three more excellent prospects who were willing to commit to moving to Washburn if the citizens voted against gaming. They had meetings scheduled with five more prospects. The mayor reported that their public relations people had done some numbers crunching, and believed that if they could land two more commitments for companies similar to McMillan and MedTek, they would be able to advertise that they could bring in as many jobs to the community as the casino. What was more, they'd be better jobs, and they'd not all be concentrated in one location.
The meeting ended on a celebratory note.
They drove to Bannock's restaurant and found the parking lot packed. Amanda said, “That's strange. The McCarthy's truck is here. I thought the pro-gambling people were boycotting Bill's place, in favor of Chrissie's.” Her eyes widened and she added, “It's even stranger. Chrissie Johnson's catering truck is parked by the door.”
They walked into a completely packed house. It seemed to Amanda that everybody in town was there, including her dad and her in-laws. The hosts for the evening appeared to be both Bill Bannock and Chrissie Johnson. Bill explained that the people had decided that an event such as the marriage of the town doctor (whom many had feared might move away to find a wife) and the town librarian (and best pie baker in the county) called for a truce in the political wars. The entire community gathered to wish them well. They circulated through the room accepting congratulations and hugs.
Amanda muttered, “There is just entirely too much hugging in this world.”
“Down girl. You want a drink?”
“No. It'll make me sleepy.”
“Does that mean you plan to actually try to stay awake later than eight o'clock?”
Eventually, they were able to sit down and have dinner with their parents and the members of the committee with their spouses. By nine o'clock Amanda's eyes were drooping. Paul stood up and said, “Oh, come on. I don't think I can carry you up the stairs asleep.”
Following the brief truce, the campaigning ramped up even more. Universal pulled out all the stops with television and radio advertising as well as billboards and direct mail solicitations. The opposition wasn't nearly as well financed, but they had managed to obtain some grant money from a few non-profits and donations from several churches. It seemed to Amanda that they had more money than she would have expected, given the demographics of their group.”
Paul said, “Now that we're married, I have to tell you, my dad and I are pouring a lot of our own money into this thing.”
“Should I worry?”
“No. I won't bankrupt myself, but I'm not going to lose for lack of money.”
Cartwright stayed out of the fight, but did stay in touch with Marvin from time to time. He was in DesMoines working on a capital campaign for a hospital, and loving it. Amanda didn't understand it, but Marvin seemed to like him for some reason. Paul took advantage of the open lines of communication to find out what Cartwright thought Universal would do next in its campaign.
The following Saturday, they showed up early at the farm to tackle the attic. Marvin had already been busy. He'd thrown out about half of the stuff that had been up there, and divided the remainder into two piles. He pointed at a small stack, “That's personal stuff that I want to keep. When I die you can throw it away, if you want, but it's sentimental to me. It's stuff like my high school diploma and marriage license, my Army uniform and your mother's wedding dress. The other stuff is mostly furniture. If there's anything you want to use, it's yours. What you don't want, I plan to give away or throw away.”
Amanda and Paul rummaged through the furniture and found few pieces that appealed to them. Amanda said, “For a farm girl, I'm not crazy about antiques and old stuff. I think I'd like to buy a new bedroom suite. I've never had new furniture.”
Paul nodded. “Some of this stuff is potentially valuable. Before you go donating it or throwing it out, I think you should have it appraised. I agree with Amanda, though. I'd like to buy something new. Right now we're sleeping in my grandparents bed, and it's just too damned small. This room is big enough for a queen sized bed, and that's what I would like to buy.”
Amanda stretched and said, “That sounds like heaven. I've had a continuous crick in my back since the first night I spent with you. It’s not only a small bed, but you're a bed hog.”
Marvin asked, “What should we do with the stuff I want to keep? I don't have anyplace else to put it.”
Amanda said, “We could rent a storage place.”
Paul said, “My apartment is going to be unoccupied. Before I moved into it, Mom and Dad used it for storage. In fact, they still have a bunch of crap stored in what is supposed to be a second bedroom.”
Amanda said, “That means moving the stuff down these stairs and up two flights of stairs at your house.”
Paul said, “Movers could do in a couple of hours what it would take us days to do. One of my patients has a moving business. He can take the furniture to the auction house. They can appraise it. We'll sell what we can, and donate the rest. I think I'll take this opportunity to clean out my apartment and get rid of some junk as well. We can consolidate all the stuff we want to keep at my office.”
Nobody mentioned the possibility that they all might be moving again in the not to distant future.
Amanda said, “Dad, we could put your special items in that big closet. We can get an armoire for our clothes.”
Paul said, “That would be fine for now, but if we win the election, I would like to put in a bathroom where that closet is. We'll move your personal items to my office then.”
They moved Marvin's personal stuff into the closet and then Paul called the auction house. They offered to come and pick up the furniture that day. In the afternoon, Paul and Amanda went shopping for furniture. They ordered a suite of furniture that was plain but well-made and functional. The store agreed to deliver it on Monday. They called to make sure Marvin would be around to take delivery.
Then they bought some blinds for the windows, throw rugs and bed linens. Amanda bought some wax for the floors and woodwork and then they went to look for paint. They ended up settling on earth-tones for the entire room, so they went with taupe color for the walls. Amanda had never had anything but white walls, but Paul dared her to “take a walk on the wild side.” She was skeptical, but she agreed to give it a try.
It was too late to start painting that day, so they called Marvin and told him they were going to go home and that they'd return first thing in the morning to do the painting. On Sunday, the three of them painted the entire room. Amanda made dinner and washed the bedding. When the paint was dry, Paul and Marvin hung the blinds. About seven, Paul and Amanda headed back to his apartment.
They went to bed shortly after they got home. Amanda wriggled around trying to get comfortable. “I have to tell you, I won't miss this bed.”
“Me, either. It's too short for me and the mattress is uncomfortable.”
“Why didn't you replace it?”
“Quite honestly, this place was never supposed to be a permanent home. It was a crash pad. I planned to move on. The problem was, I never could think of anyplace I wanted to go.” He closed his eyes and smiled. “I can now.”
“What do you think are the chances of us being able to stay there?”
“I’ve been trying not to think too much about that.”
“Where will we go if Dad has to sell the farm?”
“I have an idea that I think you will like.” He rolled over to face her. “Obviously we both want to live in your house, but if we lose the referendum, I propose to renovate this place and turn it back into a home. It’s a beautiful building and, restored to the original period design, it would make a fabulous home. There are some really nice medical offices being built out by the highway. I could move my practice there, and we could turn this place into a real home. I am the fourth generation in my family to own this place. As long as we live on your farm, I'll keep my practice here. But, if we have to move, I propose we move in here. If we use what is supposed to be the master bedroom on the second floor, we can use the bedroom suite we just bought.”
“Could we redo this upstairs space for Dad?”
“I don't think he could handle the stairs for many more years. There is a carriage house in the back. Right now I keep lawn furniture and tools in it. It would make a perfect garden apartment for him. There could actually even be a second apartment or a studio of some sort upstairs.”
“You've been thinking a lot about this, haven't you?”
“Yes. My parents are going to move away from Washburn if the casino comes in. I thought about moving away, too, because I'm feeling angry and kind of betrayed by a lot of people around here. However, the more I thought about moving, the less I liked the idea. This is my home. I have patients who depend on me. There are families in this town who've doctored with Hoffmeiers for generations. I can't leave them.
“We wouldn't see the casino from here. Your dad wouldn't have to move into a sterile apartment complex with a bunch of kids. In its day this was beautiful house; it could be again. It doesn't have a view of the river, but it's my own family legacy.”
She started to cry and put her hands over her face, “I don't know what kind of karma I laid down to merit having you come into my life, but I tell you that I will never draw a breath for the rest of my life that isn't filled with wonder and gratitude over our love.”
“The irony is that the thing that brought us together was the potential casino.”
“That's what my dad calls 'God-humor'.”
She snuggled up to him and said, “I have been hoping every time we make love here that we might be making a baby. Your family has lived and/or worked in this house for generations. My father, his father and I were all born in the room where you and I will sleep starting tomorrow. I have been daydreaming about making a baby in this house and then birthing it in the farmhouse. I think even if we lose the referendum we could probably hold out long enough to have a baby there.” She rolled over and stretched out on top of him. “Assuming, of course, we conceive really soon.”
He grinned and said, “Exactly what are you suggesting?”
“Use your imagination.”
Later, he held her and asked, “Did you say you were born at home?”
“Yep. My mother insisted on a midwife instead of a doctor. Dad always said the day I was born was the scariest day of his life.”
“Why?”
“He thought she was taking too much of a chance having me at home out in the country.”
“I get the impression you’re thinking along the lines of doing the same.”
“Do you think I'd be a good candidate?”
He touched her pubis and hips, made a face and said, “You're really narrow, but some women stretch to an amazing degree.”
“I once asked Dr. Pyatt about it. He threw a fit and told me that if I wanted to give birth at home, I'd have to find another doctor. He won't work with midwives.”
Paul sighed and shifted his weight. “Brad's both lazy and greedy. He doesn't like to work too hard, so he always delivers in the hospital where he can have the staff do most of the work, and he doesn't like to share his fees with midwives.”
“What about you?”
“You know I can't have you for my patient.”
“I know, but do you know a midwife you could recommend.”
“I wouldn't let anybody touch you but Andrea Singer. She works with an OB in Evansville who's very good. They won't attempt a home birth unless both Andrea and Karen Parker agree that the woman is a good candidate. They have a birthing center in Karen's office which is across the street from the hospital. Most of their patients deliver their babies at the birthing center and then go straight home.”
She leaned against him and asked, “How would you feel about a home birth?”
He chuckled into her hair and said, “Pretty much stone cold terrified. But, then, I think that would be pretty terrified even if you went to a hospital.”
“Why?”
“Because I'm a doctor and I know a lot of the things that can go wrong. And because I don't know how I could go on living without you.”
She said, “Well, then, we will cross that bridge when we come to it. I have to confess that I hope we come to it sooner rather than later. My biological clock is ticking really loud.”
“Simmer down. You've got plenty of time.”
She muttered, “But the referendum is in June.”
He shushed her with a kiss.
Around lunchtime on Monday, Marvin called Amanda to tell her the furniture had arrived and was all set up. She told him that she and Paul would arrive right after work. Marvin said, “You'll be busy arranging your room, so I'll spring for Chinese take-out this evening.”
“That would be perfect. Thanks, Dad. We'll see you tonight. Are you sure you're okay having us living with you?”
“Absolutely. I have to admit, it's been awful lonesome out here by myself this past week. You're really quiet when you're home, but I was used to having you around. I miss you.”
“Well, I guess you're not going to be lonesome any more because I'm not spending one more night in that damnable bed at Paul's apartment.”
She called Paul's office and left a message with his nurse that the furniture had arrived, so he should go straight to the farmhouse after work. Her trunk was full of his clothes and his car was already loaded as well.
She arrived at twenty after five and she and her dad unloaded her car. She hung Paul's clothes in the wardrobe, and made the bed. Then she started moving her things upstairs from her room. She was surprised by how little personal stuff she had.
There wasn’t enough room in the bathroom cabinet for all of their toiletries, so Amanda arranged the bathroom cabinet with the basics they would all share: toothpaste, aspirin, cotton swabs, etc. She bought stacking plastic bins that fit on the floor beside the sink. Their individual toiletries would have to go there. It wasn't a perfect arrangement, but it would serve for the two months between then and the election. If the referendum failed, they would put in a bathroom upstairs for her and Paul. If it passed, they'd start renovating his place in town.
By the time Amanda had finished in the bathroom, Paul arrived with the rest of his personal articles. Paul and Amanda carried his things up the stairs while Marvin went to pick up dinner.  
They sat down to dinner for the first time as a family and each of them looked around the table grinning. Paul took Amanda's hand, and reached across the table to Marvin. Marvin took Paul’s hand and then put his other hand over Amanda's. Then he offered a blessing on the food and added a special blessing on the newlyweds. They all simultaneously squeezed hands. 
Amanda and Paul cleaned up the kitchen together and then she packed their lunches for the next day. He laughed and said, “I bet I'm the only doctor in America whose wife packs his lunch.”
She said, “You can eat out if you want. You told me that you usually eat in your apartment. Since there's no food there now, I thought I'd pack you something.”
He said, “I don't want to put you out. Maybe I should stock the fridge in the apartment with lunch items.”
“Suit yourself. I pack my lunch every day so it's no problem.”
Paul said, “There's only one problem with you packing my lunch.”
“And what would that be?”
“You pack all that healthy shit!”
“Yes, I do. Doctor Hoffmeier.”
Amanda felt that, but for the feverish politicking that was going on all around her, her life couldn't be more perfect. 
Almost every week, the committee entertained a company of some sort from somewhere. They continued to get commitments, some of them conditional upon the outcome of the referendum, some not. A couple of the companies that had agreed to move regardless of the outcome had been persuaded to start building immediately. The town was starting to boom, and a tide of optimism started to rise. Opinion was divided as to which side that would benefit most.
Amanda and Paul took a break from politicking for Memorial Day and went to the Indianapolis 500 with Paul's sister and her husband. Paul's sister had been in the class behind Amanda in school, and they never had any common friends. For all intents and purposes, they didn't know one another. Amanda was worried about spending a weekend in a motor home with strangers, but she was willing to do it for the opportunity to see the race in person. Much to her dismay, she realized before the first pit stop that the smell of gasoline and burning rubber made her feel sick to her stomach. She ended up spending most of the weekend sipping bottled water and eating pretzels and crackers instead of living on beer and hot dogs three meals a day, like the rest of the group. She was grateful to have had the experience of attending her favorite motor sports event, but didn’t enjoy it as much as she had hoped. She didn’t think she’d want to repeat the experience, but she was gratified to see that Paul was relaxing for a change.
They returned to Washburn in time for the last frenzied week of campaigning. Amanda and Paul both worked the phones every evening, and made personal calls on as many people as they could over the last weekend before the election.  
Both Paul and Amanda had arranged to take election day off from their jobs, so they could work the polls. Marvin was going to work the polling place at the fire department where he had voted his entire life. Amanda was going to greet the voters at the library polling place, which was the precinct where Paul voted. Paul would work the polls on the hills where his parents lived. Other committee members and opponents to the gaming referendum were to be stationed at other polling places around the community.
On the morning of election day, Amanda sat up in bed at her usual five o'clock. The minute her feet hit the floor, a wave of nausea washed over her. She raced down the stairs to the bathroom and barely got the toilet lid up before she vomited. Her legs were weak and shaking, and she sank down to sit on the floor for a minute. Then she got up, flushed the toilet and reached into her toiletry caboodle for a small box. She heard Paul coming down the stairs and her father moving around in his room.
Paul knocked on the door and said, “Amanda, are you okay?”
She didn't answer. Paul pounded on the door. “Amanda! Open the door.”
She opened the door a crack, looking green but smiling. Another wave of nausea hit her. She slammed the door in Paul's face, flipped the lock and threw up again. He banged on the door demanding that she unlock the door. She flushed the toilet and rinsed her mouth.
Paul was still banging on the door. “Amanda, open the door, God dammit, or I’m going to break the lock.”
She opened the door smiled at her husband. She knew her father was standing in the hall as well, but all her attention was directed to Paul. Holding up a little piece of blue plastic with a plus sign in a circle, she said, “I'm better than okay. I'm pregnant.”
Marvin moved quietly into the kitchen, while Paul drew her into his arms and buried his face in her hair. They stood there, unmoving, for a long time. When another wave of nausea rose up, Amanda stiffened and said, “Go!” as she turned toward the commode. 
Paul closed the door with his foot, moved behind her and held her hair out of her face, massaging her temples while she vomited. When she finished, he reached for a wash cloth with one hand and wiped her face. Amanda rinsed her mouth and buried her face in his chest. “You don’t have to do that.”
“Yes I do. We’re in this together.” His voice cracked and he cleared his throat, holding her tight. After he was able to speak again, Paul asked, “Do you feel up to going out today. Maybe you should stay home and rest.”
She held her hand on her abdomen and said, “Truthfully, I don't feel up to going out to campaign today, but now I have added motivation to get out and do absolutely everything I can possibly do to keep gaming out of our town. I want our child to grow up here in this house on the banks of that river I love. I want your practice to stay in town and not in some sterile office out by the highway. I know we can't hold back progress, and I don't really want to. But, I want our child to grow up on this land the way I did.”
He smiled and kissed her. “I want that, too. More than anything.”
She tossed the pregnancy test strip into the trash and said, “Okay, then. We'll do our thing today. Tomorrow, I want you to give me Andrea Singer's number.”
“I'll do better than that. I'll make the appointment myself and I'll go with you.”
Paul went back upstairs to dress. Amanda went into the kitchen where Marvin had put on a pot of coffee and was staring out the window, with tears running down his cheeks. Amanda didn't say anything. She simply hugged him. He hugged her back, fiercely.
They each drove to their respective polling places separately. Amanda didn't get sick again, but by the end of the day, she was exhausted. Marvin had been the first to arrive home. Amanda had called him and Paul to say that she was too tired to cook dinner so they were on their own. When she walked in the door, Marvin was heating soup from the freezer and assembling what was going to be grilled cheese sandwiches. He smiled at her. “Maybe I can't exactly cook, but I can heat up like crazy. If you tell me what you want for supper, I can have it ready for you when you come home.”
She sank into a chair at the table and would have cried with gratitude, but she was too tired. Instead she put her head on her folded arms and tried not to fall asleep.
Paul came in a few minutes later and helped Marvin with the soup. He said, “The folks are assembling to await the election results. Chrissie's place is already packed. Bill is saving places for us at his table.” He looked at Amanda and added, “If we're up to it.”
Amanda said, “Is it okay for me to have some coffee?”
“Yeah. You can have up to two cups a day, but no more than that.”
“Oh, my God. How will I survive on so little caffeine?”
He chuckled, “You'll manage.”
She took a deep breath and said, “I haven't had any coffee yet today, which is probably why I have such a ferocious headache. I'll have a cup with dinner. Hopefully that will perk me up enough to get me through the evening. Mr. Arthur is going to open the library for me tomorrow, so I can sleep in for a little while, or throw up, as the case may be.”
After dinner they went upstairs to change. Paul asked, “Are you sure you're up for this?”
“I'm quite sure I'm not, but I can't miss it. You and I have led the opposition since day one. We have to be there tonight. I want to leave as soon as we can, but we have to show up.” She walked over to him, finished buttoning his shirt for him and asked, with shining eyes, that he not leave her side that evening. He answered by taking her in his arms and holding her so tightly she could barely breathe.
Bannock's restaurant was already packed when they arrived. Bill asked if they wanted dinner, but they told him they'd already eaten. He put a pitcher of beer and three glasses in front of them. Amanda said, “Give me a glass of club soda with lime. It's going to be a long, stressful night for these two. I'm appointing myself the Designated Driver.”
The polls had closed at six. The supervisor of elections had announced that the ballots would probably be counted and the election confirmed by nine-thirty. As the clock moved closer to nine-thirty, the crowd became quieter. Everyone had finished eating. Many were still drinking, but most of the people in the room had to work the next day, so no one was going overboard.
At one point, Amanda went to the bathroom for the third time, and Ellen Hoskins followed her. When Amanda came out of the stall, Ellen was leaning against the sink with her arms folded across her chest. “You're pregnant, aren't you?”
Amanda looked startled. “How do you know?”
“Oh, let's see. I happen to know that you love draft beer. You always have at least one glass when the committee comes here. Tonight you're drinking club soda. I have never seen you look so tired. And you've been make in a trail to the bathroom. I have three children. I’ve been there and done that.”
“You think anybody else has noticed?”
“Probably some of the women. I think the pregnancy pool was circulated the day after the wedding. But, the good news is that everybody here is so focused on the election, nobody's paying that much attention to you.”
“They'll talk about me soon enough.”
Ellen laughed, “Maybe the next day, after the election news dies down.”
Amanda said, “Yeah. So I have bit of a reprieve.” She chuckled, “I hope somebody other than Mayer Stevens wins the pregnancy pool.”
Ellen laughed and hugged Amanda. “How do you feel about being pregnant so soon?”
“I am beyond ecstatic.”
“Let me know if I can be of any help.”
“I will take you up on that, given that my own mother is dead and I've never really been around pregnant women before.”
“Your husband is a doctor.”
“All the more reason for me to get my advice from you. He gives entirely too much information.”
About twenty past nine, the mayor arrived. The room fell silent. Bill had set up the karaoke machine by the bar. The mayor took the microphone and said, “The supervisor of elections has announced that the election is too close to call. They are going to send the raw data from the voting machines to the state board of elections for a recount. We hope to have the results in a few hours. We will make an official announcement of the results tomorrow morning at nine during a press conference at the town hall.”
Within fifteen minutes, the restaurant was empty.
Paul and Amanda went home and straight to bed. She stretched and groaned, “Oh my Lord, this bed is so comfortable, and so huge!”
He snuggled up behind her. “You've always slept in that single bed downstairs?”
“When I lived in Indy with Brandon we had a double mattress on the floor. I've never slept in a queen sized bed before. This is Heaven.” She rolled over, “It is even better to share it with you.”
She could feel his heart racing. “You okay?”
He whispered, “I'm afraid.”
“Of what?”
“I'm afraid we'll lose the election. I'm afraid something will happen to our baby. I'm just sort of generally freaking out. Maybe it’s belated wedding jitters.”
She kissed his shoulder and said, “I can't help you because I feel very much the same way, but I have to say that it makes me feel a little better to know that other people have those kinds of episodes as well. I always thought I was the only one.”
They curled up together in the middle of the big bed, but neither of them slept very much.
The next morning, virtually the entire town assembled in front of the town hall. Paul, Amanda and Marvin maneuvered through the crowd until they were near the front. They noticed that there were some strange people in suits in the crowd as well. Paul whispered that they were representatives from Universal Gaming. Since it was a local referendum, the official announcement was being made here locally. Universal sent its people to hear it first-hand.
The crowd was almost silent. Amanda looked around at the sea of faces. She knew the names and family history of almost every one of the locals. They were her neighbors and friends. She suddenly knew that they would continue to be her neighbors and friends regardless of the outcome of the election. As much as she longed to continue to live on the farm, she knew that she could live happily in town as well. It wouldn't be the same, but her heart told her it would be okay.
She turned to her dad and whispered, “If the referendum passes, Paul is going to renovate the building where his office is located. We will live in that house, and make a garden apartment for you in the carriage house. No matter what the outcome of the election, we will all be together in our home town. We all need to keep that in mind.”
Marvin looked from Amanda to Paul, who nodded. Marvin's eyes filled with tears for a moment, but he managed to get himself under control before anyone else noticed. He took Amanda's hand with his left hand and Paul's hand with his right. Paul took Amanda's other hand, and the three of them stood quietly for a moment, gathering strength from one another.
A few minutes later, the mayor came out with the supervisor of elections. She took the microphone and said, “We have counted the votes three times and got the same results each time. The state Board of Elections has certified the results. The margin was six votes.” She paused and the entire crowd held its breath. “The referendum failed.”
Amanda thought she would pass out with happiness. The crowd did not react for a moment. Then it silently melted away. There would be no celebrating or gloating.
Paul said, “Six votes. That's the five of us on the committee, plus your dad.”
Marvin said, “That was too close for comfort.”
Amanda added, “In which case we need to redouble our efforts to bring businesses to our town and to make the quality of life here the best it can be so the next time they make a run at us, we can hold them off again. I'm afraid this is just Round One.”
She looked at the representatives from Universal, who were climbing into their rental cars talking rapidly on their cell phones, and knew that she was right.
Amanda put her hand on her abdomen and committed herself to preparing for and winning as many rounds as it might take to insure her child could grow up sleeping in her old room. As though reading her mind, Paul put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her close. Marvin put his arms around both of them.
Amanda took a deep breath, stood up straight and said, “Come on, guys, let go home. Mr. Arthur can man the desk until the volunteer arrives. I’m spending the day on the riverbank.”

**The End**

Meredith Morgan is a pseudonym for an author who grew up in the Midwest and now lives in Florida.
Born at the apex of the Baby Boom wave in the mid 1950's, every time she thinks of some great new, original idea or plan, she knows that next week it will show up on the cover of "Time" Magazine as the "Next Big Thing." She exhibits all the narcissistic Boomer neuroses, plus a few extra just to make things interesting, all of which she pours into her writing. She enjoys walking the beaches, cooking (in theory if not in actual practice), and collecting odd, unusual and utterly useless bits of knowledge. 

Visit her blog at: http://meredith-morgan.blogspot.com/
