A Christmas Village to Call Home
Smashword
Copyright 2016 by Lisa Pendergrass

Home in Time
Chapter 1
“Oh, Christmas isn't just a day, it's a frame of mind...” … Kris Kringle
“Don’t you remember? You love Lexington, Florrie! Do you remember the last time we were here, and we went to that amazing restaurant?” 
“No.” Florrie bit, staring disinterestedly out the window. Her mother was trying to cheer her up. It wasn’t working. She refused to be cheered up.
“They’re expecting record breaking crowds at this festival.” Her dad said. “We should clear a lot of money, and be able to take some time and just have fun.”
“Sure.” Florrie responded doubtfully. At ten years old she, along with her parents, had spent more time on the road than off. They made things… her mother was a master crafter of hand-pressed jewelry and her father was a wood worker. They both were talented and successful; successful enough to own a home in Inner Harbor and two thriving internet businesses based out of Baltimore. But this was their passion; loading up their truck and setting off for fairs, festivals and flea markets to mingle with consumers and other artists.
That would have been all well and good if they hadn’t had a ten-year-old daughter who was lucky she was gifted because otherwise she’d never have finished kindergarten. As it was, the posh private school she attended continued to pass her because she was smart, but if they graded on attendance and class participation, she’d still be in preschool.
“If we have some free time before we meet the organizers, how about a quick stop at Kentucky Horse Park?” Mom asked hopefully.
“I don’t care. I’ve seen it.” Florrie pouted.
“Honey, we know you had to miss a sleepover…”
“I never get invited anywhere because no one from school even knows me well enough to invite me, but Janie did, and I can’t even go! It’s not fair!” She cried, and then…
Squealing brakes, a scream she later realized was her own voice and crunching metal… for the rest of her life those would be the three things she remembered; the last three things she remembered about her mother. Squealing brakes, a scream she later realized was her own voice and crunching metal… she’d never forget it. She’d never forget that or the fact that the last thing she said to her mother was spoken in anger.
A kid in an SUV scrolling through his favorite tunes on Bluetooth and doing 85 on I68 hit the guard rail, over-corrected and spun into mom’s door, driving dad’s side into the concrete partition. Mom died on impact. Dad died nine months later after multiple operations to correct a major spinal injury; but in Florrie’s mind, he died that day with mom. He was never the same afterwards anyway. He couldn’t work. He couldn’t travel. He couldn’t even make breakfast before school.
That first Christmas was the worst. The Callahan’s were nice, but they were strangers. And this place… Snowy Pines… it felt like another planet and not in a good way. All she remembered from that first year was arriving at this ridiculously quaint “village” where everyone smiled and said Merry Christmas. And all she wanted to do was cry… until the night they took her to carnival.
She was afraid it would make her sad because her parents loved carnivals, but this wasn’t like the traveling shows where they’d set up and sell their merchandise. This was something else. For lack of a better word… it was magical. And the magic all began when she followed seven-year-old Lola to the lemonade stand. Lola was talking excitedly to people who knew her, and Florrie was looking on with dark, wary, eyes when a flash of Raven’s purple and gold disappeared around the stand and caught her attention. 
She walked away from Lola, promising she’d be right back, and went in search of the jacket that was just like her dad’s. Instead she found a boy; a boy who looked a little older than she, with shaggy blonde hair and sullen green eyes… the greenest green eyes she’d ever seen.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to interrupt.” She said, backing away.
“It doesn’t matter.” He barked.
“Oh… okay.” She said nervously, and then blurted out, “I’m Florrie. I like your jacket.”
“Thanks. It was a Christmas gift from my mom. She gave it to me right before she dumped me here with my grandparents, so she could flake out with some guy in the Bahamas.” He sneered.
“Oh.” She said, wondering if she should tell him that her mother was dead, and her father was listed as stable, but still wasn’t even able to speak to her when last she’d visited him. But she didn’t want to tell him that. She didn’t want to be that girl. 
So instead she said, “I’ve never been to the Bahamas.”
“Me either.” He said with a shrug. “I’ve never been anywhere but Baltimore and here. My grand-poppa and grand-mama own the tree farm.”
“That sounds…”
“Lame.” He filled in the blank for her. “I hate this place with its stupid decorations and stupid carnival. It’s like… not even close to a real place.”
“Seriously.” Florrie said, relieved at last to find a normal person.
“I’m Gabriel by the way… Gabe. Do you want to ride the swings?”
Seven Years Later
The Callahans arrived in Snowy Pines on December 22nd just like most every year. As soon as the car was unpacked at the cabin Florrie started for the door. “Can I go to Gabe’s?”
Kellany wrinkled her brow and said, “I’m going back into town to pick up groceries in a few minutes. Don’t you want to wait and ride with me?”
Florrie fidgeted. She was anxious to see Gabe for the first time since summer. It seemed the older they got the more she wanted to see him and the longer she had to wait between visits. They texted a lot and talked on the phone occasionally, but it wasn’t the same. Of course, it didn’t help that last time she’d seen him things had been strained. She was determined to get back on track this time.
“It’s just down the road. I can walk it in a few minutes.” She insisted.
“Can I go too?” Fourteen-year-old Lola asked.
Florrie could tell that Kellany was just about to refuse when she jumped in. “She can come too. Please.”
“Okay, but don’t you want to go buy groceries with me?” Kellany asked.
Lola had inherited her mother’s love of cooking, if not her gift for it. Florrie was a natural, but she often resisted it out of some sense of denial.
Lola was clearly torn so Florrie suggested that Kellany come in a few minutes and pick Lola up. That would make Lola happy because she’d get to tag along with Florrie; and it would make Kellany happy because it meant Florrie and Lola were bonding, she’d get to see with her own eyes that Florrie was safely at the Patrick’s farm, and she’d have Lola to accompany her to the store; and it would make Florrie happy because she’d get to spend uninterrupted time with Gabe.
Kellany pondered it for just a moment before finally agreeing.
“Florrie?” Kellany said, reaching for her hand as they started out the door. “I’m glad you’re with us this year. It’s just not Christmas without you.”
Florrie offered a mumbled thank you before racing off down the road with Lola talking happily beside her. She loved Lola and was thankful to have a little sister… after a fashion. She loved all the Callahans and couldn’t imagine better foster parents than Josh and Kellany. But it didn’t change the fact that they weren’t her real family.
She and Lola reached the Tree Farm in just a few minutes and Lola took off exploring to choose a tree for later. In the past, Josh and Kellany always chopped down their tree in the woods, but somewhere along the way Kellany decided it was better for the environment if they left those untouched and chose from the one’s the Patricks grew especially for Christmas.
She spotted a truck loaded down with several wreaths and rolls of garland. It was December 22nd and she couldn’t believe that, other than their cabin, there was anywhere in Snowy Pines that hadn’t already been smothered in evergreen. Perhaps some of the folks who decorated days before Thanksgiving were coming back for round two already. 
And then she saw Gabe helping the customer close his tailgate and secure his purchases, and her heart did that strange little flip it always did when she saw him. The flip would be more pronounced when he came face to face with her and she got her first glimpse of his eyes. In some ways, he still looked so much like the shaggy blonde boy she’d met seven year ago, but in other ways he’d grown up. He was almost twenty after all and starting to look more like a man than a boy.
When he finished with his customer, she was just about to approach him when Lola beat her to it. But it was okay. She liked the way he smiled down at her little sister, and she even sort of liked the starry-eyed look that Lola gave him. It gave her a zing of pride to know that someone, even if Lola was only fourteen, might be jealous of her. 
Once he greeted Lola he knew that she must be close by. She watched from a distance when he started searching for her and she slipped into a row of trees hidden from him. She could see him walking up and down the rows of trees until he came to hers. She slipped between two trees and waited till he walked down hers calling her name. When his back was turned, and he was just about to turn down the next aisle, she tapped him on the shoulder and covered his eyes with her burgundy mittens.
“Guess who?” She whispered, close to his ear.
He turned quickly with a big smile and dragged her into a hug that was just long enough and just warm enough to be deemed more than friendly.
“When did you get here? I’ve been dying!” He said happily.
“Just now. Lola and I left as soon as the car was unpacked. So, are you really glad to see me?” She teased.
“What do you think? Come on. I’m working. Are you here to help?” He said, grabbing her hand and pulling her back towards the barn that served as the Patrick Tree Farm offices. 
Most people don’t know that running a Christmas Tree Farm is a year-round venture. It starts with planting in the spring, and then through the summer the trees must be watered to survive the hot temperatures and regularly trimmed to achieve a desired shape. Autumn begins advertising, supply ordering, additional shaping as well as using the discarded portions to wire into wreaths and garlands which are then stored in cooling rooms inside the barn. Finally comes Christmas and the onslaught of customers and then January and February are inventory, taxes and more supplies to start it all over again. Each spring they plant between 750 and 1200 trees, in the summer they employee an average of twenty people and at least a dozen in the fall and more from Thanksgiving on. It takes eight to ten years to grow an actual Christmas tree and at any given time the Patrick’s Farm has between ten and twelve thousand trees in various stages of growth.
“So, how’s school?” Florrie asked as they walked back together. Gabe was in his first year at the University of Maryland after spending his freshman year at a junior college. Florrie was a senior in high school with a 4.0 and looking forward to joining him at UM next year.
“It’s fine.” He said evasively. 
“That wasn’t very convincing.” She questioned.
He sighed. “Fine. It’s not fine. I… I’m not going back.”
“What do you mean you’re not going back? You have to go back! It’s school. We were…” She stopped herself before she reminded him that she was following him there in just one more semester. They weren’t dating… exactly. Actually, other than several years ago when they’d 
“accidentally” ended up under the mistletoe, he’d never even kissed her. But she always thought it was sort of understood. She’d always been too young. And then last Christmas she’d blown off coming to Snowy Pines in favor of tracking down some of her family. That was a disaster. That led to the past summer when he was anything but forgiving after her Christmas betrayal. But she’d felt certain that this time they’d finally move in that direction.
“I know that school is important to you. You’re smart and you want to do things.” He reasoned.
“You’re smart!” She argued, feeling herself sliding dangerously close to tears.
“But I’m not good at school. I never have been.” He stated certainly. “And I’m wasting time and money there, when I could be here working.”
“You’re not wasting time if you’re learning to do something that will lead to a career.” She protested before reality dawned. “This? This is what you’re planning to do for the rest of your life? Tell me I’m wrong.”
“You’re not wrong.” He admitted guiltily. “This is our family business; grand-poppa and grand-mama's legacy. They’ve worked and sacrificed for forty years to build this place.  People come from all over and say it’s part of their family's Christmas tradition. They started all of this from nothing.”
“Great! It’s the American Dream! Go to college, get a good job and hire someone to carry on the tradition.” She argued vehemently. “But don’t throw your life away on this place.”
Gabe took a deep breath and said, “This place is my life... or at least where my life is going to happen.”
“Oh.” Florrie said softly before clearing her throat. “When we met you said this wasn’t even a real place.”
Gabe shrugged. “I was twelve. My mom had just ditched me for good. I was scared and mad and about to cry… and trying desperately to look cool in front of the cute girl from the city. But this place is my home. And this farm is my future.”
“OK.” Florrie breathed, afraid to say more for fear of breaking into tears. Instead she turned on her heels and started away, biting her lip to keep the sobs in, but Gabe grabbed her hand and pulled her back towards him.
“Talk to me Florrie.” He pleaded. “Someone will be here in a few minutes to cover for me. Just give me a second. I want to hear your thoughts, and I want to help you see my point.”
“I have to go.” Florrie said waving to catch Lola's attention. “Kellany is on her way to get us. We’re buying groceries.”
“Stay with me.” Gabe begged. “Tell Kellany I’ll bring you home later. I’ve really missed you.”
“I can’t.” Florrie refused, ignoring the stricken expression on his face or the sadness that immediately filled his clear green eyes. 
“I’ll be at the carnival tonight. I’ll see you at the swings?” He asked hopefully.
“Sure.” She agreed hurrying to the car before Kellany left her. 
She tried hard not to look back at him. She gave it her best effort. But just as she opened the car door she turned. He was leaning against the wall of the barn, his arms crossed defensively. He looked exactly like the twelve-year-old boy she met so long ago. He held up his hand and waved, and so did Florrie.
She made an excuse to miss the carnival that night, and ignored Gabe’s texts. When she got back to Baltimore she sent him an upbeat message telling him she was happy he’d found his place in the world and now it was time for her to do the same.
After that, no more texts or calls came from Gabe except every year a week or so before Christmas. Around the middle of December every year he’d text and ask about her Christmas plans. She always answered him, but he never made any effort to see her, and whenever Florrie was back in Snowy Pines, she made a point not to visit the tree farm.
Three Years Later
Florrie Gentry looked at the phone as if it was somehow offensive instead of acknowledging that the problem wasn’t the phone, but in the words coming through it; mostly on her end.
“You look a little shell shocked.” Said Tabitha, her roommate of two years, as she passed through on the way from class to work. She and Tabitha had started out at Georgetown as freshman in the same room and had stayed together, not so much because they were friends but because they both led fairly separate lives and neither of them expected more from the other.
“Yeah I just told my mom I’m going to Boston with Devon for Christmas instead of coming to Snowy Pines.” She said dismally.
“Snowy what?” Tabitha asked with wide eyes.
“Surely I’ve talked about Snowy Pines. It’s the little town where my dad was raised. It’s like a real live Christmas village… even in the dead of summer.” She said disgustedly.
“Nope. I’ve never heard you mention that. Of course, you’re short on details when it comes to your personal life anyway. I gotta go. I’m late. BYE!”
Florrie watched her disappear into the hallway and then fell back on her twin bed. Tabitha was right. She was very short on sharing her personal details. And the ones she shared were usually not entirely accurate. For instance, to her friends at school she always referred to Josh and Kellany as her parents and Lola, Paxton and Crawford as her sister and brothers. But to their faces she never acknowledged it, even though she’d been with them more often than not since she was ten.
They’d tried multiple times to make it legal and become her adoptive parents instead of just a foster home, but she always found some reason to stop it. After all these years, she couldn’t begin to say why. She loved them all and couldn’t imagine her life without them, but it didn’t change her reluctance to accept them fully.
She stared at her phone again with the same look on her face. But this one wasn’t because of her conversation with Kellany. This one was because of the text she’d gotten two days ago. She’d ignored it while she tried to work up her courage to tell Kellany and Josh. Now that it was done she had no excuse not to respond to Gabe. 
She sighed and typed out the simple message that she was going to Boston with her boyfriend. She supposed she didn’t have to include the boyfriend part, but, why shouldn’t she? Gabe was the one who had pulled the rug out from under her three years ago when he quit school and let her know without a doubt that she didn’t figure into his future-plans. Why he persisted in acting as if she mattered to him was beyond her. Besides, she was sure that he’d seen evidence of Devon on social media. They were “friends” there, if not in real-life.
She hit send and then went about the business of getting ready for her job at the bookstore. She had one more final before they could leave, and then she and Devon would be hitting the road. She was excited about a trip to Boston. She hadn’t been there since she was a child traveling with her parents, but she remembered it as a favorite city. But she was also nervous. She knew there were certain expectations that came with traveling with a boyfriend. Those expectations hadn’t been realized yet, and she wasn’t sure if she was ready for them; but she questioned whether her relationship would recover from her refusing him now. 
It was enough to make her nervous, but not enough to make her refuse to go. She smiled at just the thought of it, just as her phone dinged.
She picked it up expecting something from Devon. Instead it was from Gabe; the first time he’d responded to her in three years. She read it through three times and still didn’t know what to make of it.
Enjoy your trip and let me be the first to wish you a Merry Christmas. If you need anything, I’m here.
Chapter 2
“I believe... I believe... It's silly, but I believe.”  … Susan Walker
Forty-five minutes into her romantic holiday get away with Devon, and Florrie found herself watching his taillights disappear down a deserted highway while she stood on the shoulder of the road; more surprised than angry. 
From the time they left DC she couldn’t stop feeling claustrophobic. It wasn’t that he was getting on her nerves… exactly, but more like she just couldn’t shake the feeling that he was going to disappoint her somehow. Self-fulfilling prophecy was the story of her life. By the time she realized that she was the one picking a fight it was too late. He told her if she didn’t want to be with him then he’d leave her in Baltimore with her parents, and she replied that if he didn’t want her there he could stop the car right then. 
She didn’t think he’d do it. When he did she had no choice but to get out of the car. She thought he’d beg her to get back in. She thought he cared enough to put up a fight. And now he was driving away, and she was alone. She had no cell service. She had no idea where she was. And it was almost dark.
She wanted to cry, not because she was sad but because she felt so stupid. How could she have wound up like this? She heard Josh’s voice over and over in her head, warning her and Lola about dating guys who treated you like a lady. She also knew he was adamant that any time you got in the car with a boy you were trusting him with your life. How many times did he tell them if a guy didn’t hold the door, pull out the chair and say yes ma’am then she should never get in the car with him? Devon was fun and cute and charming, but he never opened a door and certainly never pulled out a chair; and she’d not only gotten in the car with him, but she’d trusted him to take her all the way to Boston.
With no other options, she started walking, not sure which direction she should even go. With nothing else to go on she headed in the same direction of the taillights, and as she walked, she couldn’t stop her mind from wondering how Gabe was spending Christmas. 
Chapter 3
“You think I'm a fraud, don't you?” … Kris Kringle
Lola McCauley squinted in the distance and shook her head. What would possess a young girl to start off on foot on a deserted road like this? You could walk for hours and not see anyone. She heard Chris’s voice in her head telling her to speed past and not make eye contact, but then she thought of her mother and some of the reckless things that Alice had done in her younger years. She shook her head again, offered up a silent prayer and pulled the car over on the side of the road and rolled down her window.
“My husband would kill me if he knew I was doing this!” Lola said by way of explanation.
“My father would kill me too.” The girl replied, her eyes immediately filling with tears. Lola had the overwhelming feeling that she knew her from somewhere. 
“Where are you headed?” 
She shrugged. “Anywhere. My family is in Baltimore, but I don’t have any cell service. If I could just get somewhere where my phone would work I could call them.”
Lola nodded and popped the lock. “If you’re an axe murderer, not only will I be dead, but my husband will never forgive me. And furthermore, your father is 100% right because I could totally be an axe murderer.”
“I’m Florrie, and I promise I’m not an axe murderer and if you are, I’ll be dead, and my parents will never forgive me!” Florrie exclaimed, throwing her suitcase into the backseat of Lola’s Prius and then sinking into the front seat with relief.
“Florrie. That’s an interesting name.” Lola said, as the feeling that she knew her grew stronger. Then she continued with, “This road leads to almost nowhere, but there’s a truck stop about two miles from here. If we don’t have cell service there, surely they’ll let you use their land line.”
“Thank you.” Florrie said with a sigh.
“Well, as dangerous as this is, I’d hope that if I was in this situation someone would help me out. Did you have car trouble or…”
“No. It’s so much more tragic than that.” Florrie replied sarcastically. “I had this stupid idea that I should rebel against the forces of nature and go with my boyfriend to Boston for Christmas instead of with my family. And then literally 45 minutes outside of DC, I panicked so I picked a fight with him and ended up on the side of the road. How do you like that?”
“Well, if he left you on the side of the road, it sounds like you had good reason to panic. I’m Lola, by the way.”
“No kidding? My little sister’s named Lola, but you don’t hear that name a lot.” Florrie said and then turned to stare at her and said, “Wait a minute. Were you ever a nurse at UMMC?”
“Since I was twenty-two and I still am.” Lola answered and then she gasped. “Florrie! You were my patient when I had my accident!”
“What?” Florrie asked, clearly confused.
“I stayed late at the hospital with you. My husband and I were separated, and I was pregnant and just dealing with all this drama; but you were so sweet and… you needed me. So, I stayed late with you and then on the way home I got off the main road and ended up in a hold up at a gas station. The robbers left, and then I passed out and ended up in the emergency room. I cannot believe this! So, your dad made it through?” Lola said excitedly.
Florrie looked down for a moment and then shook her head sadly. “No, actually, he hung on for a few months, but he never left the long-term care facility.”
“Oh…” Lola said, clearly confused. “You just said…”
“My foster family… the Callahan’s. I spent that first Christmas with them, and then I went to live with some friends of my parents when he went to the nursing home, but when he died they didn’t want me and the Callahan’s had kept up with my case. I’ve been with them most of my life since I was ten.”
“They never adopted you?” Lola asked, curiously.
“No… they wanted to, but it just never worked out.” Florrie sighed sadly. “I’ve been such a brat. It’s amazing they even want me!”
Lola nodded and said, “Good foster families are hard to come by, but when they’re in it for the right reasons, it’s a true blessing. That truck stop is just up ahead. No fears. We’ll get your family here in no time.”
“I can’t wait.” Florrie said, just as it came into view… and became very apparent that it wasn’t open. 
“I can’t believe this!” She cried holding up her cell phone. “I still have no service! Where are we anyway?”
“Highway 330.” Lola answered.
“You mean… toward…”
“Snowy Pines.” They said in unison.
“You know Snowy Pines?” Florrie asked in disbelief.
“You know it?” Lola repeated.
“Yes! That’s where my family will be. That’s where we spend every Christmas!” Florrie said excitedly, feeling like her luck was changing for the first time that day.
“Seriously? My family goes there every year too; since my daughter’s first Christmas nine years ago. My husband and kids are already there, but I had a patient who had an emergency surgery scheduled. I’d been with him for days and just couldn’t make myself leave before he came through it.” She explained, feeling a strange prickle on the back of her neck. Finally, she took a deep breath and said, “Who are your foster parents?”
“Josh and Kellany Callahan.” Florrie answered.
Lola gasped and had to fight to keep from running off the road. “Kellany. Are you kidding me?”
“Do you know Kellany?” Florrie asked in disbelief.
“Yes! Since I was a little girl. I’m the reason Kellany has foster children!”
“You’re that Lola!” Florrie screeched.
“She’s talked about me?” Lola exclaimed excitedly.
“Of course, but we all thought it was just some kind of make believe! She had a car wreck and woke up in Snowy Pines where she met Josh, and a little girl named Lola who she thought would be my sister when she grew up, but then she wasn’t. And then like nine years later she just dreamed, on a regular night, that she was back there for a normal Christmas, but it was in the future and she saw you again and helped you fix your marriage.” Florrie finished without ever taking a breath to pause.
“Wow.” Lola said slowly. “So… she dreamed the future?”
Florrie shrugged. “I guess so?”
“So how old are Kellany and Josh?” Lola asked. “Because when I knew them when I was little, I was eight and she was twenty-nine, but then when I was older she wasn’t quite the same amount of age difference over me.”
“She’s forty-nine now.” 
“She’s getting younger.” Lola said lightly. “I’m catching up to her. I’m thirty-four.”
“This is really weird.” Florrie said with a shiver that had nothing to do with the cold outside since Lola’s car was nice and toasty.
“Listen…” Lola said reaching for her hand. “Kellany taught me never to underestimate the magic of Snowy Pines. I’ll get you there and we’ll find them. When will they be in town?”
“Today, I think. Have you ever met her in real-life?”
“No.” Lola admitted, realizing how ridiculous it was that someone she barely knew could have such an impact on her life. “We normally visit Snowy Pines a few days before Christmas, but… we’re coming a little later this time. I always believed Kellany was real and hoped someday I’d meet her in real-life, but it’s bizarre to think that it could actually happen today.”
“She’ll be so happy. You were the first person she let herself love… even before Josh.”
Lola smiled at the memory of having her hair brushed and decorating a tree that the three of them cut down together. “Does she really make those cookies?”
Florrie smiled and said, “The best Christmas cookies in the world!”
“I have thought of you over the years Florrie.” Lola said seriously. “Some patients touch you more than others and I always felt like we were connected. Now I know it was Snowy Pines. I can’t wait till we get there and see your mom!”
Chapter 4
“And by filling them full of fairy tales they grow up considering life a fantasy instead of reality.” … Doris Walker
Lola pulled the car over at the carnival and said, “I don’t want to put you out here. What if Josh and Kellany aren’t here yet?” 
Florrie shook her head. “It won’t matter. Josh’s mom will be running the show and his sister is always here. Go to the B&B and see your kids. Tell Mrs. Appleby I said, hi!”
“You’re sure?”
“I’ve got your number. We’ll catch up soon. Kellany is going to die when she meets you for real!” Florrie said, waving excitedly. 
She threw her duffle bag over her shoulder and contemplated heading straight to the gazebo to stash it behind Santa, AKA Josh’s dad. But she decided she’d see if she could find the Callahans first. After the way she’d behaved the last few months, she knew she owed a lot of apologies, but this was Christmas; in Snowy Pines. It’s like Lola said; never underestimate the magic of Snowy Pines. 
She started walking and she knew people everywhere she went. She smiled and waved at most of them and they returned the sentiment with merry enthusiasm. She idly wondered if they knew her from year to year. She didn’t come all that often and she wasn’t particularly friendly when she was here. But whether they knew her, or she was just another face among the people who visited for the holidays, she supposed the enthusiasm was simply contagious because all she could think was that it felt so good to be among people who cared about her.
She stopped when she got to the swings and the memories were overwhelming. She was ten and Gabe was twelve the first time they rode the swings together. It was going to be the worst Christmas of her life; there was no doubt about it. Her mother was dead; her father was dying, and she was celebrating with strangers trying to act like she was part of their family. 
And then there was Gabe. They rode the swings together at least five times. Every time they started to come down to earth, she’d feel herself about to cry and then Gabe would nudge the back of her seat with the toe of his worn-out Converse. She’d turn around to his shy smile and he’d ask her to ride them once more. She would have stayed there all night if his grandparents hadn’t finally told him he had to go. 
Afterwards when she finally met up with Kellany she expected to get in trouble. These people were all about the “family togetherness thing”. She was sure that Kellany would be angry that she’d ended up riding the swings with a boy they’d rarely met instead of staying with them, but instead she’d simply slipped her arm around Florrie’s slim shoulders and smiled saying, “The swings have always been my favorite too.”
It was the worst Christmas of her life for certain… but it was also Gabe and the swings and that tiny moment when it felt like Kellany actually cared about her and not about a foster kid.
She didn’t see Gabe again that year and she left thinking she’d probably never see him again. But then her father died, and she ended up back with the Callahans and back in Snowy Pines and there he was.
Suddenly, as much as she wanted to see them, she needed to see Gabe more; not because he was her first crush or even her first broken heart. But because when her world fell apart, he was her first friend; the first person who was able to reach past the hurt and heartbreak and make her smile – offer her hope. She started away from the carnival and headed instead in the direction of the tree farm.
She tried to calm the nerves that told her Gabe had surely moved on. They’d never really even dated. They’d barely ever kissed. He had a life here in Snowy Pines; a life that from all indications he loved. And for all she knew he was involved… with someone far more whole and healthy than Florrie could ever hope to be. She knew she was, in many ways, still the same train wreck who’d landed here ten years ago. But she told herself that none of that was the point. The point was that he was her friend. He’d been a good friend to her for most of her life and she owed it to both of them to say hello and catch up. After all, she had her own life too. Georgetown was a big deal and a foster kid who made it to a top ranked University was a great story. It didn’t matter if she felt like a fraud most of the time. She had stories to tell and that was her gift; that was her life.
She started across the street and she heard a giggle behind her. She turned just in time to see her sister Lola laugh with a boy Florrie didn’t recognize. 
“Hey Lolabug!” She yelled, but the pretty blonde teenager just offered her a strange glare of indifference and pulled the boy through the trees and away from Florrie.
Florrie told herself it shouldn’t hurt her feelings, but it did. Of all the Callahans she’d always been closest to Lola. When she was little, she wanted a sister. She always thought that it would be so much easier to deal with her parents’ nomadic lifestyle if she’d had a sister to share it with. Lola was seven when she first came to the Callahans’ and she’d been thrilled with an older sister, doting on Florrie with such exuberant eagerness that it was impossible for Florrie not become attached to her. She was the first one of them that Florrie felt comfortable with… and over the years they’d been extremely close – more friends than sisters. But since she’d gone to Georgetown and put distance between herself and the family, Lola had taken it personally and the aloofness was obvious… more now than ever.
Florrie sighed and decided maybe Gabe could wait. Seeing him after all this time was impulsive and something that could go terribly wrong. And if it did go terribly wrong it would ruin her reunion with the Callahans; not to mention that she’d end up getting dumped twice in one day. She decided instead to head back to the carnival. If Lola was out here on the edge of the property, then everyone else would be close by.
Florrie headed back into the action and within just a minute she recognized another familiar blonde. She’d always envied Kellany and Lola’s golden blonde hair, not to mention their long, willowy figures. She, by contrast, had dark, wildly-curly hair and darker-brown eyes with olive skin, and was short and compact in build. It was almost eerie how much Lola McCauley looked like her sister Lola and Kellany. It was no surprise that just the sight of her made Florrie feel that connection of family.
“Lola.” She yelled, waving happily. Lola turned and immediately smiled and started toward her.
“Florrie. Come meet my husband… actually you met him before, and my son Ethan. This is Florrie Gentry. And this is my daughter Allison. I was expecting her when I knew you.” Lola explained as Florrie smiled and greeted them all warmly. 
If Chris was mad at her for picking up a hitchhiker, he obviously wasn’t holding it against her. They exchanged a couple of pleasantries and finally Lola encouraged them to go ahead, and she caught Florrie’s arm.
“Here’s the thing. Chris knows about the dreams. He knows that’s why I wanted to come here in the first place. But if Kellany turns out to be my Kellany and she knows me and everything… Well, Chris is a lawyer and very sensible. Explaining this to him is going to be a bit of a challenge. For now, let’s just keep this low key.” 
“Absolutely. Josh teases Kellany about it, but he’s going to freak when you turn out to be real. I wouldn’t believe it myself if I wasn’t right in the middle of it.” Florrie said, shaking her head. “As far as I’m concerned, I’m just a random hitchhiker who happened to be your former patient and you’re my former nurse who happened to give me a ride; end of story. But you were right about the time thing being weird. I mean, you were a little girl when they met you, but Lola is only two years older than your little boy and she was born just a year and a half after they met.”
“Yes, Kellany always told me that Snowy Pines is magical, but I’m not sure I like that part of the magic.” Lola teased, and they laughed together before Florrie pointed across the distance.
“There she is!” Florrie said excitedly. “And she’s alone. Come on!”
Florrie dragged Lola toward her, and the look of fear and excitement on Lola’s face was unmistakable. 
“Kellany.” Florrie called when they got close enough for her to hear them.
Kellany looked up and her eyes fell on Lola, and she gasped and then covered her mouth in surprise. 
“Lola… is it really you?” She asked tearfully.
“It’s me!” Lola said, running ahead to hug her tightly. Florrie watched with a smile on her face, though if she was being honest she was a little surprised and disappointed that Kellany didn’t make a move to greet her. For the first time, it occurred to her that this time she might have pushed the Callahans too far and they might not be eager to forgive her for not spending Christmas with the only family she had left.
“Every year I hope and hope that you’ll be here and here you are! I can’t wait for you to meet my family. Look at you! You’re a grown up! You’re catching up to me!”
Lola laughed happily and said, “My husband isn’t ever going to believe this. He has always thought I was a-little-nuts about this.” 
She waved Chris and their kids over while Kellany was waving Josh and the boys over. Florrie looked on happily, if a little shocked by Kellany’s obvious failure to acknowledge her.
Chris, Ethan and Allison arrived at roughly the same time as Josh, Pax and Ford and Kellany and Lola began making introductions… introductions that didn’t include Florrie.
“You’ve got to be kidding me!” Josh said incredulously. “I have always thought that Kellany was insane about this!”
“And yet he married me and had three kids with me.” Kellany teased, elbowing him in the ribs.
“Guilty here too.” Chris said. “I humored her last time because she was pregnant so...”
They all continued to laugh and talk, and finally Kellany turned to Florrie and said, “You must think that we are the rudest people in the world. I’m so sorry! I’m Kellany Callahan. I don’t think I caught your name?”
“Excuse me?” Florrie said, looking around to see if the woman who’d raised her and repeatedly asked her to call her mom, was speaking to someone else.
“Florrie?” Lola said, watching her face and reaching for her hand.
“We’ve met her.” Josh said, stepping up. “I know we have.”
“Don’t listen to him. My husband has never met a stranger!” Kellany said with a laugh, looking at her with a bit of confusion as Florrie stared back at her in shock.
“This is Florrie.” Lola said, her voice taking on a nervous edge as she reached for Florrie’s elbow and started to pull her away. “Um, can you guys excuse us for a minute?”
“I don’t get this! What’s going on?” Florrie asked nearing tears just as Lola Callahan joined them.
“Hey mom, what’s with the text?” She asked, looking at Lola McCauley and Florrie with a polite smile. “Hey, you’re the girl from the woods. How’d you know my name?”
Florrie looked at them… Kellany who bought her first make up, taught her how to bake cookies, went with her to choose prom dresses and took a million pictures at her graduation; Josh who taught her to drive a five speed before he’d let her have the luxury of an automatic– just like he’d done with Lola and would do with the boys, who proofread every essay before she turned it in and picked her up on the side of the road when she had flat tires or forgot to turn off headlights and had a dead battery; Lola who she sat up nights with her eating cookie dough ice cream and trying out YouTube video hairstyles; Pax who shared her love of dramatic story telling and Ford who had never known a world that didn’t include Florrie… they all looked at her with the polite, blank stares of strangers.
“I…I’m sorry. I have to go.” Florrie whispered, turning on her heels and hurrying away. She got a few feet before Lola McCauley finally caught her. 
“Listen to me. I should have known something like this was going to happen. This is what I meant about the magic of Snowy Pines.”
“Magic!” Florrie cried. “This isn’t magic. This is a nightmare!”
“Come back with me and we’ll talk.”
“NO!” Florrie shouted, pulling away from her. “Those people are not my family… did you see how they looked at me? They care about you, but I’m a stranger to them. Just let me go!”
Chapter 5
“But... but maybe he's only a little crazy like painters or composers or... or some of those men in Washington.”  … Mr. Shellhammer
Florrie left the carnival on foot with no real idea where she was going until she realized that she’d ended up at the tree farm after all. A little while ago all she’d wanted was to see Gabe, but now the thought of seeing him and having him look back at her like a stranger was simply devastating.
She turned to leave as quickly as she’d come, but then she heard a heart-stoppingly familiar voice.
“Well if it isn’t Florrie Gentry, the girl who blows off her family, and the people who love her to spend Christmas with some random guy.” 
Florrie felt her hopes jump at both the reassuringly raspy voice and the fact that someone was saying her name. She turned slowly and came face to face with stunning green eyes that had danced through her dreams since she was ten years old. And now they were looking back at her from the equally stunning face of a twenty-two-year-old Gabe Patrick. He wore a full beard and his dark blonde hair was long to detract from his baby-face image, but Florrie knew it was there and, at the moment, she’d never been happier to see anyone.
“You know me?” She whispered in disbelief.
“Well… I thought I did. But that was before…”
She didn’t wait for him to finish whatever snide comment he was about to hurl at her before she launched herself into his arms. 
“I know I’ve been a wretched person and you have every single right to despise me, but I’m so happy to see you. Something crazy is going on and I’m absolutely freaking out!”
“Okay Florrie, talk to me. You sound insane.” He said, grabbing her shoulders and forcing her to look at him. The cool mask of indifference his eyes held just a few moments ago was now replaced with obvious concern.
“I was supposed to spend Christmas in Boston with Devon… you know that much. But along the way we started fighting…”
“Do I need to hear this part?” He said irritably.
“Yes! I’m sorry, but it’s part of what happened. We started fighting, and he put me out on the side of the road.”
She watched her words register on his face, and he stepped away to run his hands through his hair. “Okay, I’m gonna kill him!”
“Fine, kill him later. But listen to me now. He put me out on the side of highway 330… which is weird because we were going to Boston and shouldn’t have even been on highway 330. But anyway, I started hitching.” She watched his eyes blare and his fist clinched, and she hurriedly added. “I know you want to kill me, but kill me later. I started hitching and this woman picked me up. And I knew her. She was my nurse when my parents died when I was a little girl. But here’s the crazy thing. She was on her way here to meet her family. She says they spend every Christmas here. And her name is Lola like my sister Lola. And she knows Kellany. She knows all the Callahans. So, we got here, and I ran into my Lola first and she didn’t know me. She looked right through me like she never met me before in her life. And then I ran into Lola the nurse again, and then we saw Josh and Kellany and Josh said, ‘We’ve met her. I know we have.’ And then Kellany said, ‘Don’t listen to him. My husband has never met a stranger!’ and she also said, ‘I’m Kellany Callahan. I don’t think I caught your name?’ ‘I DON’T THINK I CAUGHT YOUR NAME!’ They looked right through me; Pax and Ford… no one knows me… except you.” She said tearfully. “Lola the nurse started trying to tell me something about the magic of Snowy Pines, but there’s nothing magical about this!”
Gabe shook his head and said, “Okay Florrie I don’t know what you’re pulling, but this isn’t funny.”
“No, it isn’t! I’m not pulling anything.” She said tremulously. “Okay and there’s more. Kellany always tells this story and I always thought it was like a bedtime story, but now I think maybe it’s true; about how Josh’s grandmother had this Christmas Village that was a replica of Snowy Pines and she used to hang out at her house and look at this Christmas Village and pretend she could live inside it. So then when she grew up, she had this wreck and she woke up in the Christmas Village. She met Josh and a little blonde girl named Lola. And then when she woke up she met him for real and they fell in love and had Lola. Only, Lola the nurse told me this story when I first met her about how she had this dream when she was a little girl about this blonde woman and this doctor who took care of her and I think she’s the Lola from mom’s dream. “
“Okay… are you sure that Demon boy didn’t hit you on the head or something because...”
“I know I sound crazy, but I’m not. This is all for real!” She pled, near hysteria.
“Okay.” Gabe said, hugging her to him, rocking her gently and placing a calming hand on her back. “Okay. Listen to me. There’s a logical explanation for this and we’re going to figure it out.”
She wasn’t sure if it was the soothing tone of his voice or the gentle circles he was rubbing between her shoulder blades, but she felt herself begin to unwind just a bit. “What? What could be a logical explanation for my entire family suddenly forgetting they know me?” 
“Maybe.” He began, before stepping back and taking her shoulders to look her squarely in the eye. “Just maybe, they’re trying to prove a point.”
“Prove a point about what?” She asked angrily.
He looked at her and raised an eyebrow before saying, “Really? I mean, come on. You haven’t exactly been a picnic this last decade.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” She cried, silencing her phone for the second time since she arrived.
“It means that the Callahans have been really good to you and you’ve repaid them time and again by choosing everyone in the world over them. Christmas together as a family is a big deal to Josh and Kellany and they’ve always wanted you to be a part of it, but you’ve made it clear that you don’t want to be a part of it; this year more than ever.” Gabe pointed out.
“Okay, first of all, Josh and Kellany would never do anything so intentionally cruel. It’s just impossible. But even if they would, they didn’t know I was even coming.”
“Maybe the boyfriend called them, or they saw something on social media. Maybe this person who picked you up is in on the whole thing.” He reasoned.
Florrie shook her head. “No, they wouldn’t have, and they couldn’t have. I mean, even if Josh and Kellany were in on it they’d never get the kids involved.”
“You don’t get it.” She whispered as tears began again. “I was at the house when Ford came home from the hospital. I was in the floor with Kellany when he took his first steps. Pax used to hear me crying when I was alone in my room and he’d come sit in the floor beside my bed and offer me his stuffed horse. They looked at me like they had no idea who I was.”
She looked at Gabe with pleading eyes, pleading for some explanation for this. But all she saw was that he was grasping at straws because there wasn’t an explanation; not one that made sense anyway. 
“Who keeps texting you?” He asked because there was nothing else to say.
“Lola… Lola McCauley, not Callahan.” She clarified. “She says she thinks she has an idea about what’s going on.”
“Well ask her where we can meet her.” He replied, pulling her toward the office of the tree farm.
“We?” She asked hopefully.
He looked at her and smiled ruefully. “Yeah. Just let me make sure they’ve got it under control till I get back here.”
Florrie watched Gabe disappear into the barn and then sent Lola a text. A few minutes later he came back out with his truck keys in his hand. 
“You look ready to drop. Normally I’d say let’s walk, but I think I’ll drive.” He said, taking her bag without asking and slinging it into the back of his pickup. 
“Thanks. Lola said her husband knows what’s going on so he’s covering for her with everyone else. She’ll meet us at the gazebo.” Florrie explained as they climbed in the truck. Just as they were about to back out Gabe stopped to roll down his window and she realized that his grandpapa was approaching. 
“Hey papa. The crews got everything under control here so we’re going to run over to the carnival for a minute.” He explained. 
Papa Patrick was a young sixty with thick hair with only the slightest bit of gray and Gabe’s same green eyes, frequently crinkled and on the verge of a smile or a laugh. “Sure thing. But aren’t you going to introduce me to your friend first?” 
Gabe’s brow furrowed, and he stammered, “Uh this is Florrie… Florrie Gentry?” 
Papa smiled at her without the vaguest recognition and raised a hand in greeting. “Nice to meet you Florrie. Will you be staying for Christmas?” 
She shook her head. “It’s nice to meet you to Papa… Mr. Patrick.” She quickly corrected. “I’m actually not sure what my plans are at the moment.” 
“Well, any friend of Gabe’s is welcome here any time. Y’all have fun.” 
He walked away, and Gabe turned to her with his mouth opened. 
“You still think it’s a plan to teach me a lesson?” She asked skeptically. 
“Well, it does seem a bit extreme to involve my grandparents, but…” 
Florrie groaned. “If they were going to involve anyone, it would be you. I mean, the only thing worse than them not knowing me would be if you didn’t know me.” 
Gabe frowned a little and said, “Really?” 
Florrie closed her eyes as she realized what she’d said and replied, “Let’s go. The sooner we talk to Lola the sooner we can get some answers.” 
They drove back to the carnival in silence and Gabe got the best parking space he could find, but they still had to walk a good way to the gazebo. Along the way everyone waved and spoke to Gabe and everyone looked at her politely, but with the curiosity granted to strangers. When they finally spotted Lola, she waved them over to a corner table, and stood to embrace Florrie. 
“I’m so sorry. This must feel like a nightmare.” She said sadly. 
“It does. What is going on?” Florrie asked anxiously. 
Lola looked at Gabe and raised a questioning eyebrow, but Florrie said, “This is Gabe Patrick. He’s my… he’s known me almost as long as the Callahans. And he knows me now, but no one else does. His grandpapa had no clue, and I’ve been to his house dozens of times. We passed at least fifteen people on the way here who should have known me, but didn’t.”
 Lola nodded and motioned for them to sit down and said, “I must admit, when I left you at the carnival I had a … niggling worry, that something like this would happen. I should have seen it coming.” 
“I’m sorry.” Gabe said interrupting. “I don’t mean to be rude, but you’re talking in circles.” 
“I know. I’m sorry! There’s no way to say this other than just straight out. I think this is… a dream… or something.” She blurted nervously. 
“A dream?” Florrie asked skeptically. 
“Like the times Kellany and I were here before. At the time everything felt 100% real. I pinched myself so many times I had a bruise. But then I woke up, and it hadn’t happened. I mean, even now I keep thinking, ‘is this really happening to anyone other than me’? I don’t know.” 
“It certainly feels like it’s happening to Florrie too.” Gabe said protectively. 
“Okay, let’s try to piece things together… what we know is real and what you know was a dream… or something.” Florrie said trying to make sense of the madness. 
Lola nodded. “Tell me what Kellany has told you and I’ll tell you my part.” 
Florrie looked at them and she wasn’t sure how much Lola knew or how much she’d ever told Gabe, and decided she should start at the beginning. So, she took a deep breath and began recounting the story that every child in the Callahan family heard at Christmas; a familiar bedtime story meant to make them believe in magic and destiny and the possibility of something more than they could see with the naked eye. But now as she talked, for the first time the words became real and she realized that for Kellany this was never a story, but a memory that made her the person she became. 
“Kellany grew up in foster care. Her mom was a junkie who lost custody of her more than she kept it. So, when she was little one time she was with this family and there was an older lady who lived next door, Mrs. Paxton. Mrs. Paxton had an amazing Christmas Village named Snowy Pines. Kellany loved it and she used to spend hours looking at it and imagining what life inside the village would be like. As usual her mother got her back just in time for Christmas, but for the rest of Kellany’s life she thought of that village and wished a real place like that could exist. 
“We fast forward till she was twenty-nine. She had an epically bad day a few days before Christmas and lost her boyfriend and her job in one day. She went home and took stock of her life and decided it needed serious changes, so she thought back over her life and realized the last really close connection she had was Mrs. Paxton. She Googled her, found out she still lived in that same house in Baltimore and set out from her home in Virginia. But along the way a freak snow storm set in, she got lost, ended up on 330 and wrecked her car in a snow bank. When she woke up she had this déjà vu sort of thing. Even just in the hospital room she knew everything that would be waiting outside. So long story short, she realized she was in Snowy Pines and everything was just as it was in the village. And she met a handsome doctor named Josh and a little blonde girl named Lola, and she fell in love with both of them. And just about the time she actually let herself love them; she woke up at Johns Hopkins with a concussion.” 
“She’d been thinking about the village before she left. It only makes sense that she’d dream about it.” Gabe argued. 
“And does it make since that she’d dream Josh before she even met him?” Florrie countered. 
“This is a story; a fairy tale she told you all to make you believe in love and the magic of Christmas. That’s just the kind of mother Kellany is!” He responded vehemently. 
“And what about the fact that I dreamed the same thing, too?” Lola reasoned. 
“Yeah, what about that?” Gabe accused angrily. “I find that more than a bit strange.” 
“Gabe, Lola is on our side.” Florrie said softly. 
“Okay well explain this. Florrie said you come here every year with your family. Why have we never seen you?” He asked angrily. “Florrie and her family are here every year and they’ve never seen you even though you supposedly have this connection with Kellany. And I live here all the time and I’ve never seen you!” 
Lola cleared her throat and said, “As I understand it, the Callahans come on the 22nd or so because they spend Christmas at the cabin with Josh’s family. We normally come around the 15th for a long weekend and take our kids to the carnival and to get a tree. You don’t know me because I am one of a million faces you see in the month of December however we come to the Patrick tree farm every year and take a tree home. This year my mom passed away, so we decided to spend Christmas here instead of missing her in Baltimore.” 
“Okay, can we get back to my situation?” Florrie said irritably. “Kellany woke up in the hospital back to normal, but her car’s GPS had Mrs. Paxton’s name and address listed so the hospital called her. She came to the hospital with Kellany and when Kellany told her about her dream, she told Kellany that the Christmas village was a replica of her hometown Snowy Pines. A few minutes later, Mrs. Paxton’s grandson, a doctor at Johns Hopkins came in to check on her, and it was Josh. And they fell in love almost immediately and got married a few months later and had a little blonde girl named Lola.” 
Lola nodded. “I remember all of that, but I think I always knew that it was a dream. The only thing was the cookies. I knew how to bake these butter cookies and for the life of me, the only place I ever remembered learning them was with Kellany. 
“Where my story gets interesting is ten years ago. Chris and I got married very young, and then we got pregnant sooner than we’d planned. Chris had just been accepted to law school, but he didn’t go because we were having Ethan. But we were good; happy. And then on the same day I found out I was pregnant with my little girl, I also found out that Chris had reapplied to law school. I was angry at him for not telling me and mostly just upset because I felt like I was squashing his dreams. 
“We separated, and I didn’t tell him I was pregnant. Then a few days before Christmas he and Ethan left going skiing and I came into work, even though I wasn’t scheduled, to sit with you.” She said reaching for Florrie’s hand. 
“You were with me when I woke up and you took me to see my dad in ICU. Then you stayed with me till I went to sleep, and you told me about when you were a little girl and your mom wrecked her car and you ended up in protective custody at Christmas.” Florrie recalled. 
“Yes.” Lola agreed, carrying on. “The thing is I hadn’t thought about Kellany and Josh or Snowy Pines or any of it since I was a kid and I made cookies for Chris and told him where I learned to make them. I really believed it was just a regular dream. But that night with you I couldn’t stop thinking about it and remembering things that I hadn’t thought of in years.” 
“A little girl with no parents reminded you of a time when you were a little girl without parents. I’m sorry if that doesn’t sound all that mystical to me.” Gabe stated skeptically. 
“I agree. But then I finally left the hospital much too late and started across town to my mom’s. It was hot; lightning and thunder in the distance. And it’s a bit of a drive from UMMC to west Baltimore where mama lives, but it’s a drive I’ve made a million times in less than a half hour without traffic. But that night my mind was wandering and all the sudden I’d been driving forever, I was on a road I’d never been on…” 
“Highway 330?” Florrie filled in for her.
 “Yes, and I was almost out of gas. So, I stopped at a gas station and walked into the middle of a robbery. When the robbers left, I passed out and when I came to…” 
“You were in Snowy Pines.” Gabe groaned. 
“Yes… snowed in as a matter of fact, even though it had been seventy degrees the day before.” 
“Well, it’s seventy degrees now, so no freak snow storms here.” He countered. 
“But Devon and I did end up on 330 and there’s no reason we should have.” Florrie replied.
 “Besides that, he’s an idiot!” Gabe blurted irrationally. 
“Okay… not the point!” Lola snapped. “Back to when I woke up…it was just like Kellany said. I remembered everything. But here’s where it gets really weird. I wasn’t pregnant, Chris and I weren’t separated, and we didn’t have Ethan. Chris was a lawyer and we had expensive cars, and clothes and a condo in Inner Harbor. Obviously, I was terrified, but I didn’t say anything because Chris would have thought I was insane. I was frantic, like I said, pinching myself black and blue trying to wake up when we finally met up with Josh and Kellany. But it wasn’t like it was a dream that kept going. The reality was that Kellany woke up in a hospital in Baltimore and that’s how she met Josh, not in the dream. So of course, he didn’t know me, but she did, and she told me the same thing I’m telling you. This is a dream… or something like it. You’ll wake up once you’ve learned what you came here to learn.” Lola explained calmly. 
“Learned what she’s supposed to learn. What does that even mean?” Gabe said, standing up and running his hands through his hair, but Florrie reached for his hand and pulled him back down beside her. 
“Kellany says you come to Snowy Pines because you’re supposed to learn something. The first time we were here, I learned about the kind of love I wanted to find and the kind of family I wanted to make. I loved my mom. But the safest, happiest childhood memory I had was with Josh and Kellany. That was the kind of life I wanted for my children and that’s what Chris and I have done. Kellany learned that she could love; she could have a family and be a mother. She learned that her mother loved her. As the next time around, I learned that I was being selfish trying to believe that Chris would be better off in law school than with his children and me. And Kellany…” 
Lola bit her lip as a memory came back to her. She sighed and said, “Kellany told me about a girl they’d had in their family for six years – she called her a sixteen-year-old commitment-phobe. She said that they’d tried to adopt her, but that she didn’t want them to. That Christmas, instead of being with them she’d found some random cousins to visit. Kellany was really broken up about it.”
Florrie bit her lip as tears began to stream down her cheeks. She felt Gabe stiffen next to her and knew he was fighting the urge to say something, but instead he remained silent and slipped a supportive arm around her slim shoulders. 
“She said that she thought the girl loved them, but not enough to want to stay. She said that if she didn’t come back that time she didn’t think she’d have the will to fight again. She was afraid she was going to have to let her go. She was also really questioning if she could keep opening her home and her family like this because she knew how much it was going to hurt the kids if this girl didn’t come back to them.” Lola said softly, not quite able to meet Florrie’s sad brown eyes. “She said they’d had lots of kids and that they always loved them and that it was always sad when they left, but that there was something different about you right to begin with. She said you were always part of their family no matter what you thought.” 
Florrie turned her face against Gabe’s strong shoulder and he wrapped his arms around her defensively as she sobbed against him. 
“I don’t know what kind of scam you’re pulling here, but we’re done!” He said, standing up and pulling Florrie with him. “Do you really expect me to believe that ten years ago when Florrie was still a little girl in the hospital that you had a dream about a conversation with Kellany about things that wouldn’t happen for another six years? No, we’re not doing this!” 
“Gabe.” Florrie cried pulling away from him. She reached up and stroked his face and said, “There’s not one reason to believe any of this I know, but there’s also no reason to believe that Lola is lying either. I mean, why would she?” 
He shook his head angrily and said, “I can’t stand here and watch her rip your heart out about things that you have no control over. It’s done. You can’t fix it, and besides… you did come back.” 
She shrugged and said, “Did I? Or did I just make it clear I had nowhere else to go?” 
“Gabe, I know this is all so hard to believe. I don’t believe it and it’s happened to me.” Lola said softly. 
“Well here’s what I know!” He said angrily, turning away from Lola to look at Florrie only. “I know this isn’t a dream. I woke up this morning like I have every year since I was thirteen years old. I looked at the calendar and I knew that today was the day that your family would come to Snowy Pines. But this year you wouldn’t be with them. And now you are here, and you can’t make me believe that isn’t real. Not when all I’ve wanted for three years was for you to be back here with me!”
“Gabe.” She whispered tearfully, unable to say anything else.
He sighed long and hard before reaching up to frame her heart-shaped face with his large hands and then brush the tears away from her cheeks with his thumb. Finally, he sighed again and said, “I think I should wait for you at the truck.” 
He walked away, and Lola said, “I guess we don’t have to wonder why you picked a fight with Devon 45 minutes into your romantic getaway do we?”
Florrie shook her head. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what came over him. He’s…”
“He’s a man, and he obviously cares a lot about you. If they can’t fix things, then their natural reaction is to pretend it isn’t real. I promise you, ten years ago if I’d told Chris that he’d forgotten that we had a five-year-old son and a nine-year-old Honda he’d have handled it way worse than Gabe.” Lola said comfortingly.
“What you just said about Kellany talking about me, I don’t understand. Like Gabe said, I was just a little girl in the hospital when you were here before.” Florrie questioned.
Lola shook her head and said, “I told you earlier, the timing was different… somehow. All I know is that she told me this story about when she found out she was pregnant with Crawford. She said she realized it one morning when it snowed and that she didn’t even know she wanted another baby until she told Josh and then she knew she did. Then they got the call about you and that she knew she had the perfect excuse not to because she was pregnant…”
“But seeing you again reminded her how much she loved helping kids who needed a family!” Florrie said, nodding her head. “That’s the rest of the story she always told us. She dreamed she saw you after you grew up and she helped you fix your marriage, and then she woke up and realized she was pregnant and they called her to come get me, and she did because seeing you again reminded her how much she loved helping kids who needed a family!”
“It did snow.” Lola said, her brow wrinkling in confusion. “I woke up in the middle of the night in the hospital and Ethan was so excited because it had snowed. And I came to see you later the next day and you said they were trying to find you somewhere to go when you were released the next day.”
“The next day I met Josh and Kellany and all of the kids. You told me that you’d recently seen the woman you met when you were a little girl and that she helped you just like before. You told me there were people in the world who would do that just because they were that kind of people.” Florrie said, her voice trembling.
Lola nodded. “I know this is impossible. When I was here before, once Kellany told me that it was a dream I’d likely wake up from once I learned whatever lesson I was supposed to learn, well at that point I relaxed a little. The truth is, Chris and I had sort of a second honeymoon… or a first since we never had one. We were in love and we had money and … it reminded me how much I loved him; that we weren’t together out of obligation, but because we’d loved each other since we were little kids. As much as I missed Ethan and the baby I’d been carrying, it was an amazing few days for us. But I know for you this is terrifying.”
Florrie dried her eyes and squared her shoulders, “Okay, well if I get to go home when I’ve learned something then I’m ready. I know what I’m supposed to learn. I’ve been an ungrateful, brat. Josh and Kellany have opened their home and their family to me. They wanted to adopt me. And how have I repaid them? By using any excuse I could find to spend Christmas with someone else. Lesson learned! All I want is to tell them that I’m their daughter and they’re my family and I’m so sorry!”
Lola patted her hand understandingly and said, “Florrie I hope you’re right, but I was sure I had the right answer too. But it took a few days before I understood for real what I needed to learn. Don’t be surprised if it isn’t as simple as you think it is.”
“There’s nothing simple about this!” Florrie argued vehemently. “I’ve been fighting this my whole life. I’ve been such an idiot.”
She stood up and said, “I have to go find Gabe. My stuff is in his truck. And I need to figure out where I’m going to stay tonight. I’m going straight to bed, so I can wake up and this nightmare can be over!”
Florrie turned and began walking away with Lola close on her heels, but they ran straight into Gabe.
“I’m sorry.” He said, looking down at his shoes, and then back at Lola. “I’m sorry Mrs. McCauley. I’m just… worried. This kind of thing doesn’t happen around here all the time.”
Lola shrugged. “Well this is the third time it’s happened to me and every time it’s happened, it’s happened here, so I’d have to disagree with you. But you’re forgiven and please, call me Lola.”
“I need to get my stuff from your truck. I’ve got to find a place to stay tonight.” Florrie said, still not sure if she could look him in the eyes without crying again. The words he’d said before had torn out her heart, and all she wanted was to tell him that she’d missed him every day for the past three years. But once she told him that, what would it change? She was still a journalism major at Georgetown with big plans and bigger dreams, and he was still a tree farmer in Snowy Pines.
“We’ll get you a room at the B&B with us.” Lola said quickly, but Gabe shook his head.
“That’s silly. Stay with us. My grandparents adore you.”
“Your grandparents don’t even know me.” Florrie protested.
“Well, they adore you when they know you.” He argued. “You heard what grandpapa said.”
“Do you have room?” Lola asked, more to fill awkward silence than anything else.
“Yes ma’am. My grandparents have a farmhouse. I actually have a cabin on the edge of their property, but they’d be happy for Florrie to stay. I’m certain.”
Lola looked at her and Florrie nodded. “Thanks Gabe, I’d really appreciate it.”
They started to walk back to the truck when Florrie heard a familiar voice. 
“Lola, you made it back.” Kellany called followed by the rest of the Callahans and McCauleys. “And you found your friend. Florrie, is it?”
“Yes ma’am.” Florrie said, extending her hand and feeling Gabe slip a protective arm around her waist.
“Gabe Patrick, I haven’t seen you in forever. I think you’ve been avoiding us the last few years.” Kellany said, stepping up to hug him.
“It’s good to see you Mrs. Callahan.” He said politely.
“Kellany.” She corrected as he greeted the rest of the Callahans and met the McCauleys. 
“So, Florrie, you’re here with Gabe?” Kellany said with an approving nod.
“Yes ma’am.” Florrie repeated because it was a logical explanation at least.
“Well, he’s quite the catch.” Kellany teased, smiling when Gabe was unable to keep from blushing.
“He is indeed.” Florrie admitted, meaning her words completely.
“I’m sorry to have to cut this short, but we’re expected back at the farm.” Gabe said, rescuing her from more niceties. “I’m sure we’ll see you all around.”
Florrie allowed him to lead her away from the crowd and then she slumped against him, thankful that his arm was still around her.
“Are you okay? That… had to be brutal.” He said, concern filling his voice.
“Just take me home. I just want to go to sleep and hopefully when I wake up in the morning this will all be behind me.”
Chapter 6
“Well, I hate to disagree with you, but not only IS there such a person, but here I am to prove it.” … Kris Kringle
Florrie walked into the sunbathed, familiar kitchen of the Patrick farmhouse with her breath held as she prayed Grandmama recognize her.
“Florrie?”
Florrie looked at the petite red-head that she met for the first time when she was ten years old. Julia Patrick had insisted her grandson had ridden the swings enough times and it was time to tell his new friend goodnight. 
That morning Florrie smiled hopefully when she heard Grandmama say her name. She took a deep breath and said, “Good morning Mrs. Patrick.”
“What’s this Mrs. Patrick nonsense? Call me Grandmama!” She insisted, and Florrie sighed with relief and started toward her, but then stopped in her tracks when Grandmama added, “So tell me exactly how you and Gabe met? He wasn’t much in the mood for talking when he brought you in last night.”
“Oh.” Florrie gasped, feeling tears sting her puffy eyes. “Umm we have some mutual friends that he knew when he was in school.”
“So, are you at Maryland?”
“No ma'am. I’m a junior at Georgetown, journalism major.” She explained hollowly.
“Georgetown journalism? Impressive.” She said with a nod.
“Sometimes. Can I help with anything?” Florrie asked, watching her move about the kitchen. 
“No, it’s nothing. I’m getting some vegetables and chicken in the slow cooker for later. Breakfast is kind of fend for yourself around. Hope that’s okay.”
Florrie nodded and reached for a banana.
“I’m driving into Baltimore today for some last-minute shopping. I have three other grandchildren besides Gabe, and my son and daughter-in-law all coming in tomorrow night.” Julia said happily.
Florrie nodded and then said, “I’ll be out of here before your family comes. I wouldn’t dream of imposing.”
“Don’t be silly. Any friend of Gabe’s is welcome to stay as long as you can; especially a smart, pretty one like you. I don’t mind telling you, for a smart, handsome boy there’s not been nearly enough smart, pretty girls in his life. And since he quit school I’d started thinking there’d never be any.” She explained with a warm smile, but there was an undercurrent. She wanted Florrie to hear her hopes and concerns for her grandson. But there was also a hint of warning. If Gabe got hurt, Grandmama wouldn’t remain silent.
Florrie nodded and then took a deep breath before saying, “Did you get upset when he quit school?”
“Upset? That’s such a mild word for how I felt. I was scared he’d follow in Ellie’s footsteps and go down a bad path. I was afraid he was throwing away all his hopes and opportunities. I was just plain scared. But Dan had said all along that college wasn’t for Gabe. And the truth is, he loves this place. And he’s so good at it. It took a while for me, but this is his opportunity.” She shook her head and said,” We dragged him in here kicking and screaming ten years ago, and I think they’d have to drag him out the same way.”
Florrie smiled because she could see it, and Grandmama’s description was spot on. She sighed and said, “Gabe has so much talent. I just hate to think that he’s not using his music in some way.”
“Well, he does use it. True he isn’t composing or teaching, but he still performs around here. Stick around and you’ll hear him at the party tomorrow night. I think you’ll enjoy it.”
Florrie was sure Grandmama was right, and she was at once intrigued and concerned; intrigued that she might get to hear him perform again after several years without having the pleasure and concerned that she was suddenly less eager to awake from whatever had brought her back to him.
Grandmama told her he was already out working the farm. The last few days were always manic with stragglers and people who wanted something fresh for their holiday parties.
She made her way outside of the house and down to the tree farm where she watched Gabe talking with some employees. He looked like the boss; easy going and appreciative, the kind of boss one wanted, but it was still obvious he was in charge. Then she looked on while he talked comfortably with some customers showing them wreaths and garlands, and likely sending them home with more than they came to purchase; but happy to have it and the good memories that went with it. 
“Can I help you find something?”
Florrie turned to the high school aged boy who’d just greeted her, and she smiled. “No. But when Gabe is finished with that customer can you tell him Florrie is looking for him?”
He watched as she walked away and then called after her, “Where should I tell him you’ll be?”
She smiled, feeling more like herself than she had in a while, and said, “Tell him I’m around, but he’ll have to find me.”
She disappeared between a row of trees and waited impatiently, hoping it wouldn’t take as long for him to find her as it did last time. But at least she was warm. Last time she waited for him she’d been shivering between the trees in a coat, scarf, toboggan and mittens but with the balmy seventy degrees they were experiencing now, she was warm in a skinny long sleeve black sweater. Gabe liked to boast that he had hearty blood, so she was certain he was comfortable in short sleeves. 
His gray T-shirt featured the logo of a band he loved who played locally in Baltimore. She remembered going to sleep one night to Gabe playing the band’s music over the phone. It was just one of a thousand times they stayed on the phone all night because neither wanted to be the one to hang up.
“I’d love to know what’s behind that smile.” He said when he came around the end of her row. His face lit up when he saw her, and warm smile spread behind his beard. It was all she could do not to fling herself into his arms just as she had three years ago.
Instead she crossed her arms, mustered her best frown and said, “You hung me out to dry this morning with Grandmama; made me face her on my own.”
He grimaced, then spread his arms sheepishly and said, “I got nothing. Sorry.” 
“Were you that afraid of explaining me; because it turned out it wasn’t even necessary. We had a delightful chat. She didn’t remember me, but I think she liked me.” Florrie said with a smile, fighting the urge to step closer to him.
“I have a confession about that. If she had remembered you, she wouldn’t have been nearly so delightful.” He admitted ruefully.
“I don’t get it. She always liked me.” She said with her eyebrows furrowed. 
“She adored you. But three years ago… I was a wreck and you became Grandmama’s enemy number one.” He confessed. 
He didn’t sound embarrassed, but more like it was a point of fact so she decided to be just as honest. “That’s your version of events. If Lola remembered me, she could tell you that I was a wreck, and she could tell you about how many hours we spent studying the practice of voodoo. Ever feel like a pin was going through your head?”
They laughed together and then he sighed and said, “Have you thought about how this whole thing works?”
“What do you mean?”
“Well is this outside of Snowy Pines? If you called up your roommate from college would she know you? Is it like in Back to the Future; is there just a blank space in the records of life where your name should be? Or is it just here that people don’t know you and out there in the real world you’re still you?”
She thought about for a minute and said, “I don’t know. But I thought Snowy Pines was the real world to you.”
He shook his head and said, “The real world could never not include you.”
She sighed and asked, “So why were you avoiding me this morning; afraid Grandmama did remember me and was getting her pound of flesh?”
He shrugged and said, “Not really. I guess I was just scared. If you woke up and still no one remembered you, I knew you’d be disappointed. If you woke up and everyone remembered you, you’d be with your family. And worst of all…”
“Worst of all?” She asked softly.
“If I woke up and you coming back to me was my dream. I decided to avoid the house till I knew which one I was hoping for.”
“Well, I guess it’s good that I found you first because that would have been a tough choice to make.” She said unable to resist stepping towards him now. 
He reached out and touched her face and said, “So what really happened with your Boston rendezvous?”
She pursed her lips, and then sighed and said, “I guess there’s no point pretending. The truth is I went with him to prove that I could, and then once I did I was forced to admit that I didn’t want to be there. So, I picked a fight and got out of the car. I didn’t think he’d actually leave me there, but all things considered I was at least an equal partner in the demise of that romance.”
He took another step closer and put one hand on her waist and wrapped one of her wild brown curls around his finger. “I’d like to say I’m sorry, but that would be a lie. I’m sorry you were in danger on the side of the highway, but not that you ended up here.”
She stared up into his face; a face that had aged but had barely changed since she met him. She reached up and traced her thumb along his lower lip before saying, “So if Lola McCauley’s right and all this is a dream; we can do things that are impetuous, maybe even a little dangerous and odds are we’ll wake up and you won’t remember any of it anyway.”
He moved his other hand back to her waist and pulled her closer. “What impetuous, maybe even a little dangerous thing did you have in mind?”
She laughed a little and said, “What I’ve been waiting ten years for you to do.” 
She stood up on tiptoes and kissed him. It started soft and quick and far more timid than she wanted to be, but Gabe quickly took the lead. After so much waiting, being in his arms for real felt more right than she could have ever imagined.
“Oh!” 
Gabe and Florrie broke apart immediately and looked around for the owner of the offending voice.
“Lola Callahan.” Gabe said ruefully.
“Sorry!” She said, covering her face, more embarrassed than them apparently. “I was looking for Taylor. He told me he was working this morning.”
Gabe and Florrie emerged from their hideaway in the trees and started back toward the barn with Lola in tow.
“I think Chase asked him to swap with him. He’s working Chase’s shift tonight.” Gabe explained.
“I’m sorry.” She repeated, and Florrie knew she was five shades of red, but Gabe didn’t look overly uncomfortable. Unfortunately, within minutes of rejoining his crew he looked busy and Florrie found herself alone with Lola… her sister; even if Lola didn’t remember her.
“Taylor, is that the boy from the woods?” She probed.
Lola wrinkled his nose. “You know; just a Christmas vacation fling. Although, the kiss I just interrupted, was definitely not a vacation fling. I had the biggest crush on Gabe when I was little, but he’s pretty much never dated anyone that anyone knew about. So that sort of makes you one of my heroes.”
Florrie laughed. She always suspected she wasn’t the only one crushing on Gabe back then, but Lola would never own up to it. She supposed because she’d never made any secret to Lola about the way she felt about him. So being vague and evasive with her now just felt unnatural. Instead she shook her head and said, “Well I won’t lie. It was a kiss that was well worth the wait. But it doesn’t change things. Gabe and I are… complicated.”
“I’ve seen how he looks at you. There’s nothing complicated about that my friend.” Lola argued.
“No.” Florrie admitted with a small smile. “There’s nothing complicated about the way I look at him either. Unfortunately, the way we look at the rest of the world is the problem.”
“You mean because you’re in college, and he lives here… in the middle of ‘Snowhere.’” Lola said sarcastically.
“Seriously? I thought all you Snowy Piners thought the world begins and ends here.” Florrie teased.
Lola shrugged as the two girls fell in step together and started looking at trees. “I love it here. My grandparents, and my aunt and uncle and cousins are here. It’s great being with my family and making family memories. But I’m a senior. I’d just once like to spend Christmas hanging out with my friends.”
Florrie nodded thinking about how many times she’d thought this same thing… and realizing too late that Kellany had discouraged Lola from talking to Florrie about feeling this way in fear that it would keep Florrie from coming.
She suppressed feelings of guilt and said, “I can see what you mean, but really how much time would you spend with your friends over the next few days if you weren’t in Snowy Pines?”
“You’re right of course. I guess I’m just jealous. My cousins are boys and they always had each other and now my brothers have each other, but I’ve just kind of always been the odd girl out.”
Florrie nodded sympathetically, but once again she felt guilty. She’d always loved Lola and always considered her a sister as well as a friend, but meeting her now and knowing that to Lola she was a stranger, made her see just how friendly and welcoming Lola really was.
Florrie elbowed her and said, “Well, that’s why you’re having a Christmas Vacation fling right?”
“Taylor is a good kisser… but I think he might be a player.” Lola said rolling her eyes and flipping her long blonde ponytail over her shoulder.
“I just broke up with one of those.” Florrie said ruefully.
“Really? I thought you and Gabe must have history.” Lola asked curiously.
“Oh, we do… lots. But like I said, it’s hard. He’s here. I’m at Georgetown. And I’m a journalism major. I want to go everywhere. I don’t know. What do you do when you fall in love with your Christmas Vacation fling?” Florrie asked, realizing the minute the words left her mouth that they were an accurate description of the situation. She loved Gabe. She was in love with Gabe… perhaps she’d never stopped.
“My mom would say that love changes everything… and she married a Christmas vacation fling, so she would know.” Lola stated confidently.
“I guess so.” Florrie said wistfully, just as Gabe came over to apologize that he was likely going to be busy for the next few hours. 
When he walked away Lola grabbed her arm and said, “Look I hope this doesn’t make me sound like a total stalker, but I don’t have any plans this afternoon until I meet my family later to pick a tree. I have my dad’s car and I’m dying for a Christmas tree shaped chocolate-dipped rice-crispy treat. Do you want to go into town this afternoon and kill some time?”
“I’d love to.” Florrie said excitedly.
“Oh good.” Lola said, leading her toward Gabe so they could tell him they were leaving.
Once they made their goodbyes Lola led her to Josh’s SUV. They climbed inside and just like Kellany would do, Lola cranked up the Christmas carols. As they started down the long driveway Lola asked, “By the way, you never answered me but how did you know my name yesterday?”
Florrie froze for a minute and then said, “Lola McCauley. I thought you were her. You guys look so much alike. Are you sure she’s not related to you and your mom?”
Lola shook her head. “I don’t think so. But my mom adores her. I always wanted an older sister, but somehow I was hoping for someone not quite as old as her… and with my name too.”
Once again Florrie felt tears fill her eyes, but she smiled and said, “I always wanted a sister too. I guess we have to settle for friends, right?”
Chapter 7
“Don't you see? It's not just Kris that's on trial, it's everything he stands for. It's kindness and joy and love and all the other intangibles.”  … Doris Walker 
Lola McCauley watched across the street as two sisters window-shopped and laughed easily with one another. She sighed with relief and tugged her daughter’s hand, leading her across the street where she greeted them eagerly.
“Well looks like you two are having fun.” Lola said, embracing them both. Then she looked at Florrie and added, “I was worried when I didn’t hear from you this morning.”
Florrie’s smile turned tense and she replied. “No need to worry. Nothing has changed.”
“Oh.,” Lola McCauley said as reality dawned. “Well I'm glad I ran into you girls. Tell us what you’ve been doing with yourselves.”
“Mama, you promised we’d go get cocoa.” Allison reminded her.
“I’ll take her.” Lola Callahan said. “We started this trip heading for the Chocolatier, but Miss Carb Counter here keeps finding excuses not to go.”
“Hey, we weren’t all blessed with Kellany's metabolism.” Florrie retorted and then froze when she realized what she’d said.
Lola McCauley locked eyes with her and time stood still, but Allison was already chatting away to her new friend.
Florrie exhaled and said, “I’ve been fighting things like that all day.”
“I’m sorry. Obviously, you woke up and nothing changed. How are you making it?”
Florrie shrugged, “Better than I’d have thought. I had a good morning with Gabe, and Lola and I have had a blast. I figure if you’re right and I am supposed to be learning something, I need to be around the people that matter.”
“And Lola matters?” 
“Of course. She’s more than family. She’s my best friend.” Florrie confessed truthfully.
“And Gabe matters or is it still complicated?” Lola pried.
Florrie smiled and said, “Honestly, it doesn’t feel complicated. It feels completely simple. Which if I think about too much feels completely terrifying.”
“Then don’t think about it too much.”
“Well, I’ll tell you what I have been thinking about. You said that Kellany says you come to Snowy Pines to learn something, and you told me what you both learned both times you came. If the visit ten years ago had only been for you, then Kellany wouldn’t have had to come from another time. But she did because when I was sixteen she needed to learn something. So, if you both learned something last time, then it stands to reason that we all three need to learn something this time. Any idea what you need to learn?”
“No.” Lola admitted. “My life is great right now. I miss my mom, but she was sick for a year. It was a blessing to see her at peace. And we’re thinking of having another baby, but we’re good at getting pregnant so… I don’t know. What about Kellany?”
“Well I think Kellany needs to learn she has a twenty-year-old child she’s forgotten exists, but …” Florrie shrugged. “I don’t know. It’s something to think about. But in the meantime, I’m just making the best of it. And spending time shopping with my sister, even if she doesn’t know we’re sisters, is the best of it. And anytime I’ve ever been with Gabe it’s been the best of it.”
Lola smiled and squeezed her hand. “You know it sounds to me like you’re making complicated where it isn’t. Things with Gabe sound as simple as they feel.” 
Chapter 8
“I'm a symbol of the human ability to be able to suppress the selfish and hateful tendencies that rule the major part of our lives.”  … Kris Kringle
“There you are. I thought you might have stayed in town.” Gabe said when he found Florrie perched in the loft pecking away on her laptop and munching on a bag of reindeer crunch. 
“Is that some of Kellany’s recipe?” He asked, dropping down beside her.
“Yes, one of many they sell in the Chocolatier. I bought you a bag too. I know it’s your favorite.” She said, handing him a bag of the chocolate covered caramelized popcorn and nuts. Their fingers brushed, and both of their minds went back to the kiss from earlier.
“Did you have fun with Lola?” He asked eating from her bag instead.
“Yeah. It was weird… knowing her and her not knowing me, but of course she’s not exactly the same, you know?” She asked closing her laptop and turning to face him.
He brushed a curl behind her ear and said, “Of course she’s different. She grew up without you.” 
“They’re buying their tree right now.” She said softly, “Lola said, ‘Hang out with me while we choose a tree. Gabe’s working. You should come decorate with us.’ I could be there with my family right now, but they’re not my family. I just couldn’t, you know?’
He shook his head and traced his thumb down the curve of her cheek. “I feel selfish. I feel like I’m enjoying having you all to myself, meanwhile you’re hurting because of your family. Does that make me a total jerk?”
She leaned into his hand and closed her eyes for a moment, savoring the feel of his touch; glorying in being this close to him after convincing herself that he would forever be just a part of her past. Finally, she sighed and said, “I was thinking that I didn’t want you to feel like I’m using you; like if I could be with them I wouldn’t be with you. I miss them, but I’ve loved every second of being with you.”
She closed her eyes because she knew he was going to kiss her; hoped he would… knew he would. And then he did, and it was even better than that morning because she wasn’t nervous this time; because she knew it was going to be magical. She was thirteen and he was fifteen the first time he kissed her under the mistletoe downstairs in the same barn where they were currently. It had been less than a tick of the second hand, all braces and sweaty palms and “where do the noses go?” Since then she’d been kissed by guys; not nearly as many as some girls, but she wasn’t a novice. None of them made her feel the way Gabe did.
When they finally broke apart he grinned at her and she felt her stomach roll over several times, and she had the brief thought that she was a goner, and a fool if she thought she still had a choice about her feelings for him.
He pressed his forehead to hers and said, “So what are you working on? Not homework I hope.”
She shook her head and said, “Actually, while I was in town with Lola having this great time with someone who I know everything about, but who has no idea that we’ve ever met… it just struck me that it would make one heck of a story.” 
“A story.” He said with a slow nod. “I remember when you were always writing a story. You kept that notebook with you all the time and then you got a little older and it was a tablet. I remember when you finally let me read one.”
“Which one did I let you read first?” She asked, wrinkling her brows.
“The one about the nursing home… from the perspective of the home; as in ‘if these walls could talk.’ I was fourteen, but even I was stunned at how powerful your point of view was.”
She chewed on her bottom lip and said, “Yeah, that one made you and Josh both cry.”
“I didn’t cry.” He argued.
“Yes, you did.” She replied.
He grinned and said, “Maybe just a little. You won an award for that one, didn’t you? Of course, you won awards all the time back then. I was so surprised that you chose journalism instead of creative writing. Your short stories just had so much impact.”
She shrugged. “Not much of a career in that. Besides, truth is a powerful thing.”
“Just because your stories were fiction, didn’t mean they didn’t have truth.” He said seriously.
She reached for his hand and laced her fingers with his and said, “Well, I haven’t written anything creative in a while, but when I started this one the words just flew out of my hands and onto the screen. I forgot my brain could work that fast.”
He raised their joined hands to his lips and brushed a kiss across her knuckles. “Speaking of working, I’m sorry I’m so busy today. We close down tomorrow at noon, but it’ll be crazy tonight till late.”
“It’s okay. Lola and I are going to the carnival. That’s likely all just an excuse for her to dress cute, come and pick me up and rub Taylor’s nose in it,” She said with a laugh. “But if you get this place shut down, look me up. Maybe you’ll finally get up your nerve to kiss me on top of the Ferris wheel.”
“Count on it.” He said, and then leaned toward her and said, “But just in case I don’t, how ‘bout I kiss you now for good measure.”
“Hmmm, count on it.”
Three hours later she and Lola were laughing on the “tilt-a-whirl” and screaming on “the ring o’ fire.” The drank hot lemonade and ate caramel apples, and had their picture made with Santa Claus. Then Taylor showed up and Florrie had enough intuition to know that Lola’s heart was no longer with their “Girls’ Night.”
“Go. You look sensational. He’s eating his heart out. Who cares if he’s a player. He’s just a vacation fling.” Florrie said, shoving her toward him.
“You’re only saying that because you know if Taylor’s here, Gabe won’t be far behind.” Lola said over her shoulder as she ran off to ride the Ferris wheel with Taylor.
Florrie laughed and made her way across the grounds, not surprised when she wound up at the swings. She thought about the first time she rode them with Gabe; the first five times. And then she thought of the years after when they always started and ended their carnival night on the swings. Three years ago, she left him standing here waiting for her; and she knew he waited. She knew he was here exactly when he was supposed to be. Three years ago, she left him standing here alone because she wanted to go to college, and he wanted to work on a tree farm and live in Snowy Pines. She left him standing here because she couldn’t come up with anyway in the world that their lives could work together. And now three years had passed, and the only thing that had changed was that she was more in love with him now than she’d ever dreamed back then that she could be.
“You know the swings have always been my favorites too.” 
She turned and Kellany was standing next to her, smiling warmly. 
“I was ten, the first time I came here. Gabe and I rode these five times before Grandmama dragged him home. Three years ago, I stood him up here. We had plans to meet, but I knew that if we met, I’d have to break up with him… or I’d have to give up my dreams. So, he came, and I didn’t show up. And we didn’t speak again until yesterday.” Florrie said softly.
“I didn’t realize how much history you two had. But it makes sense. I know I sound like my husband, but I just know I’ve seen you before.” Kellany explained. “You know, it’s a funny thing about dreams. When you fall in love everything changes. It doesn’t mean you’ve given up on your dreams. It just means that you’ve made them big enough to include another person.”
Florrie’s eyes filled with tears, and she looked away. Kellany tugged on her sleeve and said, “I’ve seen you two together. I’ve seen how he looks at you; the way his face lit up when he talked about you earlier today. You’re young, but you’ll figure it out.”
Florrie nodded as the tears spilled onto her cheeks and she said truthfully, “I was actually thinking… that I wished my mom was here right now.”
“Gabe said your parents died when you were young. I’m sorry about that.” Kellany said sympathetically.
“Thanks, but I was lucky. I went to a great foster home. Actually, that was the mom I was talking about now.”
“Well, I grew up in foster care too. I guess that explains why I felt like I knew you.” She said with a rueful laugh. “But I wasn’t with the same family for long. I bounced around a lot. And my mom wouldn’t terminate her rights voluntarily and she kept getting clean just long enough to hang on to me until I was too old for anyone to want. If you were with a family from the time you were ten, then you were lucky. But it seems odd that they never adopted you.”
“They wanted to, but I didn’t.” Florrie said, feeling her heart constrict in her chest. “And they aren’t happy with me this Christmas. I was supposed to be out of town with my boyfriend instead of with them. Then I had a fight with the boyfriend and I ended up here with Gabe which is where I want to be. But I… wish they weren’t mad at me.”
“Just call her. I’ve spent my life being a foster mother, and I loved every child that passed through my home whether it was for a few months or weeks or a weekend. All it would take is you telling her you love her, and she’ll forgive you; welcome you home with open arms if that’s what you want.” Kellany assured her.
Florrie bowed her head as more tears fell, and Kellany was unable to stop herself from hugging her. Florrie clung to her, burying her face in the familiar curve of Kellany’s shoulder. Kellany stroked her hair and whispered soothing words.
“I’m sorry.” Florrie said, stepping back and wiping her face. “You must think I’m a basket case.”
Kellany shook her head. “I love this place, but believe me when I tell you that Snowy Pines brings out the basket case in all of us. Can I ask you a question?”
“Sure.”
“Why didn’t you let them adopt you?”
Florrie sighed and thought about Kellany’s question. She knew the answer. She always had. But she’d never had the courage to say it out loud, certainly not to Kellany. But this wasn’t Kellany her mother. This was a stranger; a stranger that Florrie knew even if she didn’t know Florrie. 
“I was mad at my parents when they died. They traveled a lot with their work, and that weekend we were going to Kentucky and I was missing a sleepover; one of many. I just kept thinking that if I had other parents, normal parents, we’d live in one place, and I wouldn’t have to miss everything. I was thinking it when the car hit us. My mom died on impact and my father a little while later from brain and spinal trauma.” She took a deep breath, and when she spoke again her voice was small and trembling. “I’ve always felt like if I let my foster parents adopt me, it was like I got what I wanted. I got normal parents. It felt wrong; like I was letting my real parents go.”
“Of course, that’s how you felt.” Kellany cried, hugging her tightly. “Your foster parents should have known that. I’m guessing if they didn’t love you so much, they’d have figured it out for themselves. But listen to me. There’s no such thing as good parents who would want you to be alone out of loyalty to them. Your parents would want you to be happy even if that meant being a part of another family.”
“They were good parents. My mom had dark curly hair just like me, and we used to sing The Beatles on road trips and play the game with the license plates. Daddy would always reach over and hold her hand when he was driving, and he could fix anything; cars, appliances, computers, anything. When we were home my mom made these scrambled egg sandwiches with Swiss cheese and ham, and tomato soup from a can.” She laughed through the tears and said. “My foster mom is an amazing cook, but I love tomato soup from a can.”
“Did you tell her that?” Kellany asked smoothing her dark curls away from her face.
Florrie shook her head. “I didn’t want to hurt her feelings.”
“Listen to me. Your real parents loved you enough to want you to have a new family. And I’m certain your foster parents love you enough to want you to hold onto whatever you had left of your first family. Tell her to make you canned tomato soup because it reminds you of your mother and she will make it every day.” Kellany said, with tears streaming down her cheeks now too.
“I’m sorry. I’ve made you cry too!” Florrie exclaimed.
Kellany shook her head. “It’s okay. I was just thinking, I spent so much of my life thinking that I was unlovable because my mother didn’t love me and unable to love because I didn’t love her. It took me coming here and meeting my husband and meeting Lola McCauley to remember that my mother loved me as much as she could, and I loved her too before she hurt me. Don’t let fear, or guilt or anything keep you from loving your family. And don’t let anything keep you from loving Gabe.”
“Thank you so much.” Florrie whispered, hugging her again and asking, “One more thing; what is the deal with you and Lola McCauley? Why did you feel that connection with her?”
“That’s easy.” Kellany answered confidently. “She looked like me. I don’t mean, physically… even though she does. I mean, she looked like she was alone; like a foster kid.”
Kellany shrugged and Florrie nodded, and then Kellany smiled and said, “You don’t, by the way. You look like you have a family who loves you. Don’t forget that.”
Florrie felt Gabe before she saw him, and when he arrived Kellany greeted him warmly. They exchanged pleasantries, and Florrie leaned into his side… seeking the strength and certainty that only he gave her.
“So, you’ll be singing tomorrow night at the Christmas Party at the farm?” Kellany asked.
“Yes ma’am. That’s the plan; counting on all of you joining in on the carols.”
“I’m looking forward to it.”
They watched her walk away and Gabe turned her to face him. “Are you okay? You look like you’ve cried your heart out.”
She flung her arms around his neck and said, “I’m certain that I’m going to wake up tomorrow and all of this is going to be over, but I’m so happy that it happened. I’ve learned so much about my family, and you, and myself. I’m so sorry that I left you standing here waiting three years ago? Can you ever forgive me?”
“Of course, I can. If you’ll ride them with me now?”
“Gabe Patrick, I promise I will ride the swings with you as many times as you want for as long as you’ll have me. Come on! We’ve waited a long time for this.”
Chapter 9
“If... You can't believe, if you can't accept anything on faith, then you're doomed for a life dominated by doubt.” … Kris Kringle
Gabe threw a tree on the back of a truck and looked up to see Florrie smile and wave at one of his employees. He caught her eye across the lawn and held up his hands to signify a question. She smiled sadly and shook her head.
He walked toward her, pulling her away from the crowd and kissed her lightly. “Still nothing?”
“Well, I talked to both of your grandparents and neither of them knew me. So, I’m guessing no one else will either.”
“What do you have planned today?” He asked, because he didn’t know what else to say.
She shrugged and said, “I’m thinking of settling into my perch up in the loft and writing some more. I feel like the dam has broken or something. And then I’m hoping once you shut this place down, that Grandmama will let me help set up for the party tonight. This has always been one of my favorites, and I’m Kellany Callahan’s daughter whether she knows it or not. I’ve catered a party or two in my time.”
“Consider yourself hired. I’ll come and see you if I get a break. Man is it hot out here, or what; 75 degrees on Christmas Eve?”
She laughed and climbed the stairs to the loft and began writing. Just like yesterday the words flew out of her and when she sat back and read them they were good; even to her own critical eye she knew they were good. It reminded her of when she was a kid and writing was one of the few things she could always count on. How many times did she pore over something, and then hand it to Josh to proofread? She could always tell when his eyes filled with tears that she’d done her job.
As the afternoon wore on she helped Grandmama get food together for the party later tonight. It was a tradition that had started simply enough. Every year the Patricks saved a tree, usually something in the ten-foot range, to decorate in their barn, and everyone dropped by for carols and cocoa and to see the lighting of the tree. But over the years it had become an event. Everyone who wasn’t engaged in family activities would come by and there would be games and dancing and potluck. She and Gabe shared their first kiss during such a party.
Florrie watched one by one as people began to arrive; Mrs. Appleby and the rest of the 80+ers; still going strong. All the high school guys who’d worked for Gabe throughout the season came with girlfriends and parents. She watched as Gabe gave each of them their Christmas bonuses; and judging by their reactions they were generous. The McCauley’s came and the Callahan’s; all of them including her grandparents and her aunt and uncle. Her cousins were there from Baltimore, and Clay and his wife had a new baby.
Gabe played his guitar and sang. She was amazed by his talent and she loved the look on his face. Everyone appreciated his performance, but he didn’t do it for the crowd. It was obvious that it was purely for the joy of the music. Eventually everyone joined in and sang along and then Grandmama put on the boom-box and she laughed happily when Gabe pulled her into his arms for one dance after another.
Lola McCauley caught her attention and she broke away to talk to her and she could immediately tell that she was concerned. 
“No changes?” She asked.
“No. No one knows me but you and Gabe.” Florrie answered. “I don’t get it. Last night Kellany and I had this amazing talk about foster parents and my real parents. I thought surely that was it; what I was supposed to learn. I’m telling you, I think it’s you two. I think you need to learn something and you need to do it fast. I want to get back to real life.”
But even as she said it, part of her knew it was a lie. Part of her wanted to stay in this place with Gabe; in this place where she was allowed to do impetuous and dangerous things like love him without thinking about how they would make a future work. But she wanted a future with him. So, she needed to wake up and figure out how to make it work.
“Did you talk to your mom yet?” Kellany asked, joining her as the party began to wind down.
Florrie hated to disappoint her, but she couldn’t lie. She shook her head.
“Don’t be afraid. I’ll bet she’s waiting by the phone.” Kellany assured her. “What about Gabe? Any clarity?”
“It’s clear I love him and clear I don’t know what to do about that.” Florrie confessed.
“Well this is my last piece of unsolicited advice … at least until after Christmas.” Kellany teased, putting her arm around Florrie’s shoulders and squeezing encouragingly. “My grandmother-in-law Mrs. Paxton told me a story once about how she couldn’t wait to get out of this town and then her would-be-husband opened the steakhouse and that was all she wrote. Love changes everything. Nothing you thought you wanted or believed matters once you’re in love.”
Kellany’s words weighed heavy on Florrie’s mind and every time Gabe caught her eye and offered one of his smiles-that-were-only-for-her, she knew that Nana Paxton’s words were true. Love changes everything.
“Do you ever miss your mom?” Florrie asked, when Gabe joined her in the loft after the party was cleaned up and everyone was getting settled in for the night.
He shrugged and said, “I guess… sometimes. She usually calls or sends a card or something at Christmas; sometimes in the spring around my birthday. I know that Grandmama and Grandpapa have told her she’s not welcome until she’s clean, so the implication is that coming home is not worth getting clean.”
By definition that meant that seeing him was not worth getting clean either. There was a part of Florrie that hoped she never met his mother in person because she would probably tear her hair out, but at the same time, for him, she wished that Ellie Patrick would find the will to stay off drugs and get her life together.
“I think I should get a room at the B&B tonight. I have money. I think it’s the right thing to do.” Florrie stated firmly.
“Why?”
“Because, tomorrow is Christmas Day. I’m not part of your family. I don’t want to intrude. When this all started it never occurred to me that it wouldn’t be over by Christmas, but now it isn’t over and… maybe it won’t ever be.” She said in a small voice.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean Snowy Pines is magic for Kellany. Maybe I hurt her too much this time. Maybe her magic is that she gets to forget about me. And if that’s the case, then I’m going to have to learn to live with it.” She said, hoping she sounded stronger than she felt.
“No.” He said, shaking his head. “I’ve seen her with you. The connection is there regardless. There’s no way she would have wanted that.”
“I hope so.” She agreed. “The truth is, I’m scared. Two days ago, all I wanted was to go to sleep and wake up with things back to normal. But normal includes me taking my family for granted and normal includes you being mad at me and us not being… whatever we are. Two days ago, all I wanted was for this to be a dream and now I’m afraid I’m going to wake up and find out it has been.”
“Okay, first of all, you are part of my family.” He said, gripping her shoulders as his voice took on a fierceness she’d never heard before. “My grandparents and my uncle and his family all love you. They’d kill me if I let you go to the B&B. You belong here with us. And second, if you wake up and this has all been a dream, you’re going to know that you’ve taken your family for granted and you’re going to fix it. And you and me… we’ve always been you and me. That’s never changed, and it won’t change even if we wake up, and I don’t remember the last three days.”
He put his arm around her and she snuggled into his side, the lights from the ten-foot tree twinkling in the otherwise dark loft. He hugged her closer and she asked, “You never asked me why I didn’t show up that night at the swings. Even when you called me fifteen times that night you never once asked for an explanation. Why?”
He sat quietly beside her for a moment and finally said, “I knew why. You were going to college to have a great career. And I was going to be a tree farmer. I wasn’t enough for you anymore.”
“No.” She cried, turning his face to hers even though she could barely see him in the dark. “Never! That was never the reason.” 
“Then what was it?” He asked, clearly confused and a little defensive. 
“You made this huge decision, and you cut me out of it! I was planning my whole life around you and me. And you just… blew it out of the water without even asking me!” She started crying and whispered, “I wasn’t a romantic girl. And I wasn’t a needy girl. Even after losing my parents, I was always a loner; like Kellany said – a sixteen-year-old commitmentphobe. You were the exception. I didn’t want you to be the exception, but you were. You were the first person I wanted to tell when anything important happened. You were the person I trusted with my biggest fears and my best secrets and all the hopes and dreams in between. I wanted to hear your voice until I fell asleep. I wanted you to read every story. You were…”
Her words trailed off, but he knew. He nodded and said, “You were too. You were the one person I felt like I belonged to; belonged with.  But you hated this place.”
She gasped indignantly and said, “You hated this place! You know what I hated? I hated the way my parents’ careers forced them to travel all the time. And I hated that you were a musician because I knew it would be more of the same. All I ever wanted was to belong to you, and to belong somewhere with you. But you were a musician. And I wanted you. So, I decided to make it work. And I planned my life around you and around that. And then you made this huge decision and cut me out of it. I felt like I must not even matter to you!”
He shook his head. “You had these dreams. I didn’t want to be the reason you didn’t fulfill them. I wanted you to come to me; to choose me and to say that I and this place would be enough. But instead you went to a college I couldn’t have gotten into if I’d wanted to and you majored in journalism. You were supposed to sit on the front porch with your laptop and write your profound ‘Florrie Stories.’ Not chase headlines across the globe.”
“Without you, there were no ‘Florrie Stories’. Just regurgitating data; all facts, no truth.” She said dismally. 
She sighed and took his hands in hers and said, “I didn’t hate this place. How could I? I met you in this place. I hated that you never even bothered to ask me if I could be happy here.”
He released her hands and framed her face and asked, “Could you be happy here?”
“Yes.” She said without hesitation. “I could be happy anywhere if I was with you. But of course, I could be happy here. I love it here. I love you!”
He closed his eyes and said, “I’ve loved you since I was twelve years old Florrie Gentry.”
“Then kiss me and promise me that even if you wake up tomorrow and none of this really happened that you’ll still love me.” She pleaded.
He kissed her and then he said, “Listen to me, and no matter what happens tomorrow, never forget this. I have loved you all my life. I loved you that first night on the swings. I loved you when I read your first story. I loved you when I kissed you downstairs for the first time and I was so bad at it, I vowed never to try it again till I’d practiced on someone who didn’t matter…”
“Hey!” She said, but he shushed her.
“Don’t interrupt me.” He teased. “I loved you when you didn’t come here for Christmas when you were sixteen and I loved you that summer when I ignored you because I was mad at you for not coming for Christmas. I loved you when you stood me up and I loved you when you told me you were going to Boston instead of coming here. I never stopped loving you. So, if you come here and I don’t remember any of this, then just fight for me. I promise you’ll win me over in the end.”
“Gabriel Patrick… you’re the love of my life. That’s all she wrote.” She said, curling up next to him again. 
They sat like that for a long time watching the lights and enjoying the sudden peace that came with being together. His back was against a hay bale, his arms were around her, her arms were around him and her head was on his shoulder. Finally, he kissed her forehead and said, “I love you Florrie. That’s not going to change if you go to sleep.”
“I know, but… can we just stay here a little longer?” She asked, kissing the side of his neck. “I know you love me. If I believe any person in the world, it’s you. But tomorrow if we wake up from this, we’re going to have to start all over and get back to this point. And I’ll do it. You’re worth it. But for tonight can we just sit here for a while longer and enjoy this?”
He nodded and then said, “Hey Florrie, tell me one of your stories.”
“Which one?” She asked with a smile.
“Not one of the sad ones; one of the ones where everyone gets what they want in the end.”
She smiled and said, “Okay, once upon a time there was a little girl who thought she’d lost everything in the world that mattered and then a wonderful family took her to a carnival.”
Chapter 10
“Someday you're going to find that your way of facing this realistic world just doesn't work. And when you do, don't overlook those lovely intangibles. You'll discover those are the only things that are worthwhile.” … Fred Gailey
Kellany looked in the peep hole and then opened the door and said, “Lola, what in the world are you doing here at this time of night?”
“I’m sorry.” Lola apologized, declining Kellany’s offer to come inside, and instead motioning her out to the porch. “I had to wait till the kids were in bed and we’d put Santa Claus out in the other room. But I couldn’t go to sleep without talking to you.”
Kellany pulled her robe tighter around her, not that she was cold. It was still unseasonably warm, but there was something about the look in Lola’s eyes that let her know that she wasn’t going to like what Lola was about to tell her.
“Kellany, I hate to tell you this, but I don’t know how not to. Us being here together; it isn’t real. It’s like before.”
Kellany bowed her head and sighed. “I so wanted it to be true. But I guess deep down I was worried. I just don’t understand. I feel like I’m good right now. You seem good. What’s going on?”
Lola pursed her lips and Kellany said, “I’m not good?”
Again, Lola remained silent and Kellany said, “This has something to do with Florrie doesn’t it?”
“Yes.” Lola answered. “How did you know?”
Kellany shook her head. “There’s something so familiar about her. Can I help? She’s such a sweet girl and she’s obviously missing her fam…”
She stopped, and Lola closed her eyes waiting for the truth to dawn on Kellany. 
“Oh Lola, please don’t tell me that we’re that girl’s family!” Kellany whispered.
“I’m sorry. I know this is impossibly hard to hear.” Lola said.
Kellany’s eyes filled with tears and she said, “We have to go; right now. I have to go to her.”
“Wait!” Lola said, grabbing her hand. “Do you remember her?”
“No, but that’s not the point. She clearly remembers us. That’s why she cries every time she gets around us. She’s such a sweet girl. I can’t stand her thinking that her family doesn’t know her.”
“Listen to me Kellany.” Lola said, gripping her shoulders. “Florrie is okay. It’s been horribly difficult at times, but she’s learned a lot about herself, and all of you, and she’s with Gabe. I think that the reason she’s here is to find him. But as she reminded me earlier; if we’re all in Snowy Pines, she’s not the only one who needs to learn something. We’re here for a reason too.”
Kellany shook her head. “Well clearly I’m here to learn about her.”
“No.” Lola said. “You’re a good mother to her. She insists on it and when we were here before you talked about her. You told me how much you loved her. There’s something else. I realized it earlier tonight and when I did, I felt so, so stupid for not figuring it out sooner. There’s something between us Kellany; a connection that goes beyond anything I can wrap my head around.”
“What are you getting at Lola?” Kellany asked nervously, her mind clearly still preoccupied with concern for Florrie.
“Tonight, you said that you were glad that I’d named Allison after you because it gave you a good connection to your name instead of a father who didn’t want to have anything to do with you. Do you know your father’s name Kellany?”
“Yes.” Kellany answered, slightly irritated. “Seth Kelly, why?” 
Lola exhaled slowly and said, “Now ask me.”
Kellany closed her eyes against the truth that should have been so obvious all along. “Do you know your father’s name Lola?”
“Seth Kelly.”
Chapter 11
“I'm very sorry Mother, you have it perfectly wrong.” … Susan Walker
Florrie stretched and then twisted trying to figure out why she was so uncomfortable. And then she remembered; she’d fallen asleep in Gabe’s arms sitting in the loft. She snuggled closer to him, but her eyes flew open when she felt the unfamiliar surface that she was snuggling against.
“Hon, are you awake?” 
She looked up and realized she was in a booth in the truck stop on 330. 
Her eyes filled with tears as she realized that she’d woken up after all. 
“Yes ma’am.” She answered the store clerk. “I’m awake.”
“Are you Florrie?”
“Yes ma’am.” She repeated.
“You got a call from your mom a few minutes ago. She said she knows where you’re at and she’s on her way.”
“My mom!” Florrie said, her voice thick with tears. She leapt from the booth and hugged the woman she’d never seen before.
“Thank you so much!” She cried happily. “Wait, can you tell me what day it is?”
“What?” The woman asked, wrinkling her eyebrows and pushing Florrie away from her. “It’s December 23rd.”
“Oh wonderful!” Florrie said, realizing that after Devon put her out, she must have walked here and then fallen asleep in the booth. But for the life of her, all she remembered was getting in the car with Lola McCauley. She grabbed her overnight bag and started for the door to watch for Kellany, but the clerk called after her.
“You better wrap up before you go out there.”
“What?” Florrie thought. It was 75 yesterday in Snowy Pines. But when she looked out into the parking lot, she was stunned to see that it was gray and cold and there were at least a couple of inches of snow on the ground and more coming down. She pulled a sweater, coat and gloves from her bag and was standing on the sidewalk a few minutes later when Kellany’s familiar SUV pulled into the parking lot.
“Oh baby, are you okay?” Kellany screamed, jumping out of the SUV when it was barely in park and running to pull Florrie into her arms.
“You… know me?” Florrie asked timidly, taking in the fact that Kellany was barely dressed, wearing ratty sweats, an old Johns Hopkins Hoodie and her wool coat.
There were tears in Kellany’s eyes when she held her away to look her squarely in the face. “Florrie Grace Gentry. Your birthday is April 9. Your favorite color is purple. You sleep on your stomach with your left leg bent so far that it’s almost under your arm. You wrecked the car the first time you rounded the track in driver’s ed, but then you came back and passed your road test to get your license with the only perfect score of the semester. You graduated from high school with straight A’s except for one C because you fainted when you had to dissect a fetal pig.”
“And Josh said he guessed his oldest child would never be a doctor like him.” Florrie said, as tears began in earnest.
Kellany nodded and hugged her again. “I love you so much Florrie. You have been my daughter since the moment Josh told me your name. That was a wonderful day for me because I found out about you and Ford both. I never wanted to say that because I wanted your father to recover and get to raise you, but… you were always mine Florrie. You would have been mine even if you’d left. I don’t know why you were different than the others, but you just were.”
“I’m so sorry.” Florrie pleaded. “I’ve been such an ungrateful brat. But I love you all so much and when you looked at me like you didn’t know me, it almost killed me. I know I’ve never shown it, but I love every one of you so much and I have never taken you for granted even if it seemed like I did.”
“We knew that sweetie. I always knew that you loved us. I just wanted you to let us love you.” Kellany cried. “But I should have realized that you were trying to hold onto your connection to your parents. We’d never expect you to forget about them. They made you! And I will make you tomato soup from a can everyday forever, if you’ll just promise me that you will never not be a part of my family!” 
“I promise.” Florrie said, hugging her happily. “How did you get here? How did you know where I was?”
“Well, I woke up this morning, and I remembered everything that happened the last three days. I started calling, but your phone was rolling to voicemail. I guessed you were out of range or it was dead. I figured if you were headed to Snowy Pines you’d be on 330 so I started driving. I called the truck stop on the off chance that you were here. I left your father a note so he’s not going to be happy with me, but he’ll forgive me when he sees you…. After he kills you for going with that awful boy and for letting him put you out on the side of the road!”
“Okay, we never even talked about that these last few days. How do you know all of this?” Florrie asked, as she turned to pick up her suitcase.
“I told her.” 
Florrie gasped when she looked up and realized that Lola McCauley had been in the passenger seat the whole time watching their reunion. 
“Oh, my goodness, you two found each other in real life?” Florrie said in disbelief.
“When I woke up this morning and remembered everything, I knew that Lola would be in town and she’d be the only person who’d know what was going on.”
“I got to Snowy Pines late yesterday, just like in our dream, but I was alone.” Lola explained. “But when I woke up this morning, I knew that Kellany would need me, so I was in her driveway when she started out to come get you.”
Florrie crossed the parking lot and hugged her tightly too. “Thank you for everything Lola.”
“Come on, we can talk in the car. If we don’t get started the roads are going to be terrible.” Kellany said, waving them toward the vehicle.
Once they were inside Florrie said, “So you guys remember everything that’s happened the last few days?”
“Pretty much.” Kellany answered.
“But no one else will.” She said softly.
Kellany reached over the backseat and squeezed her hand. “He loves you. That’s all he needs to remember. Just tell him you love him, and he’ll welcome you back into his life with open arms.”
Lola nodded. “Exactly. Josh followed Kellany to Baltimore. Chris forgave me for keeping a baby from him. Gabe will get over you standing him up three years ago in a matter of seconds once you tell him you love him.”
“Okay.” Florrie said confidently as she reminded herself what he’d said to her. “You’re right. Let’s get to Snowy Pines so I can tell Gabe I love him and then I can see my sister and brothers and Josh. I have missed you all so much.”
“They’re going to be so happy to see you.” Kellany assured her.
“Okay, but enough about me. You two met this morning for the first time ever in real life. Tell me everything about it!” Florrie said excitedly.
Lola and Kellany exchanged wary looks and Lola said, “Well it turns out you were right when you said that Kellany and I were in Snowy Pines to learn something.”
“Okay, so what did you learn?” She asked anxiously.
Kellany reached for Lola’s hand and smiled before answering. “Last night, we realized that the reason we’ve always found each other, the reason that Lola found you… my daughter… is because we’re sisters.”
***
The three of them rode home in the snow with Kellany and Lola talking about their revelation the night before. It was stunning news, but in the grand scheme of things it shouldn’t have been such a surprise. Still, they were both concerned about how to get their skeptical husbands and children on board with this new development. 
Florrie would have been the most skeptical of all a few days ago, but that was before she herself found out about that magic of Snowy Pines. 
She and Kellany dropped Lola at the B&B and they made plans to meet later. Then Kellany let her out at the tree farm with a final wish for luck. 
“Remember, love changes everything.” Kellany said, when she got out of the SUV.
Florrie squeezed her hand and said, “Your love certainly changed me. I can never…”
Kellany shook her head and her eyes were glistening with tears when she said, “You don’t have to. That’s what mothers do.”
She walked toward the barn and then slipped between a row of trees to collect her nerves.
“Well if it isn’t Florrie Gentry, the girl who blows off her family and the people who love her to spend Christmas with some random guy.” 
Florrie felt her hopes jump at the familiar raspy voice, but just as quickly it plummeted when she realized what he’d said. She turned slowly toward him, praying that this was his idea of a joke, but one look at his guarded green-eyes and she knew it wasn’t. 
“You don’t remember do you?” She whispered in disappointment.
“I remember lots of things; nights spent talking to you on the phone until we were both too sleepy to even make words, but neither of us wanting to end the connection. I remember reading your stories, and the way you looked the first time I sang for you. I remember standing at the swings for over an hour waiting…”
She didn’t wait for him to finish whatever snide comment he was about to hurl at her before she launched herself into his arms. “I know I’ve been a wretched person and you have every single right to despise me, but I have loved you since I was ten years old Gabriel Patrick and I will love you for the rest of my life if you’ll just let me.”
“What… are you talking about?” He asked, his eyes now a mixture of doubt, confusion and something she thought she recognized as hope
“Something crazy has been going on and it has changed my entire life. Can I just please tell you a story about it, and then when I’m finished, if you want me to go I will… for a little while anyway.” She pleaded.
He looked at her skeptically, but then his expression softened, and he said, “You mean like a Florrie Story?”
She smiled and said, “Yes like a Florrie Story. It all began ten years ago in this very town…”
Chapter 12
“Faith is believing in something when common sense tells you not to.” … Doris Walker 
Dr. Lola Callahan looked across the front seat at her boyfriend, also a recent graduate from Duke medical school who would soon begin a pediatric residency at Johns Hopkins, and said, “Welcome to Snowy Pines. Take a deep breath and stop looking so terrified. It’s just my family.”
He maneuvered his Honda up the long, winding driveway and said, “Okay tell me again who I’m meeting.”
“My parents, of course you’ve met them already. They’re staying at our family cabin. My baby brother Ford will stay with them. You’ve met him too.”
“He’s the one at the culinary school, right?”
Yes. And you’ll meet Pax, my middle brother. He’s the English teacher and his fiancée teaches drama; a match made in heaven. They’ll all three be here later tonight.” Lola explained. “My Aunt Lola McCauley, who I’m named after, is already in town at the B&B with her husband Chris and my cousins Allison and Emily. My cousin Ethan and his brand-new wife Cassie won’t be here till later, on Christmas day.”
“I guess the newlyweds have to see all the family, right?”
“Right.” She said, and then her face split into a wide smile as the two-story white farmhouse and the barn with rows of trees came into view. “And this is one of my favorite place in the world, The Patrick Christmas Tree Farm. This is where my big sister Florrie lives.”
“She’s the writer. Why have I never met her?”
“Because she’s not just a writer; she’s a wildly successful novelist who adores her perfect life and only leaves Snowy Pines when she absolutely has to.” Lola teased.
Avery parked the car and Lola jumped out and was instantly wrapped in a bear hug. 
“Lolabug.” Gabe exclaimed, reaching for her luggage and greeting Avery warmly.
And then she heard one of her favorite voices say two of her favorite words. “Auntie Lola.” 
She scooped up her gorgeous three-year-old nephew and gave him a big kiss. 
“Avery, this is Gentry Patrick. Gent this is Avery.” After the introductions, she turned to Gabe and asked, “Where is my sister?”
She loved how her brother-in-law’s face still lit up just at the mention of his wife. “She’s been cooking for days. Ever since my grandparents moved to Florida and Grandmama left her in charge of the party, she’s a woman possessed. Thank God Kellany is here helping. Of course, it doesn’t help that Florrie’s slow moving these days.”
She grinned and left Avery to get the grand tour of the tree farm from Gabe and Gent. Meanwhile, she was eager to get inside to her sister.  
Once there, Florrie embraced her immediately and said, “Merry Christmas, Dr. Callahan.” 
Lola returned her hug and then dropped to her knees in front of Florrie’s belly and said, “How’s my niece?”
“She obviously likes the sound of your voice. She’s kicking like mad.” Florrie explained. “Speaking of mad, are you crazy leaving the boyfriend out there with Gabe? You know he’s a protective big brother where you’re concerned.”
“Oh, it doesn’t matter. He’s just a vacation fling. I’d be solo if Pax wasn’t engaged and Ethan a newlywed.” She said dismissively.
Florrie grimaced and waddled across the kitchen saying, “And to think mom called me a commitmentphobe.”
“About us maybe, but never about Gabe. You sprinted down that aisle. So where is mom?”
“Here I am.” Kellany called coming from upstairs. She hugged her younger daughter with a happy greeting and then explained. “I was talking to your Aunt Lola. She’ll be here soon.”
Ten years ago, when Kellany and Lola realized they were sisters; Josh, once he recovered from the shock that Lola McCauley was real, insisted on a DNA test. It was a match, not that the sisters needed any proof.
“I don’t like this.” Lola said, reaching for a spoon and joining in on the cooking. She hadn’t inherited Kellany’s culinary passion like Florrie and Ford had, but she could still enjoy stirring and chopping if she was with her mother and her sister. “You named me after your sister Lola and she named Allison after you. Now Florrie is breaking with tradition.”
“Well what do you expect? It’s confusing enough with two Lola’s?” Lola McCauley said from the doorway. She hugged her sister and her nieces and then explained that her girls were in town shopping, and Chris had joined Josh, Gabe and Avery outside.
“Well I was going to wait about telling you this.” Florrie said, turning to her sister, “But we’re naming this baby Ellanor after my mom Anna, and Gabe’s mom Ellie even though she doesn’t deserve it, and my mom Kellany. And her middle name will be Hope after my beautiful little sister Lola Hope.”
“Oh.” Lola said, her eyes filling with tears. She turned to her mother and said, “Did you know about this?”
“For a few days, yes.” Kellany said, hugging her as well. 
“You know I’m also jealous of something else.” Lola Callahan said.
“Well we’re all ears.” Florrie teased.
“You three had your magic of Snowy Pines experiences and your great loves, and all I have, are hands that smell like formaldehyde and a moderately cute vacation fling out there.”
“I saw him on the way in and if that’s your idea of moderately cute… you go girl.” Lola McCauley said, kissing her forehead.
“Trust me, I’ll never regret my Snowy Pines experience, but if I could have gotten to where I am today without it, I would have rather done it.” Florrie said truthfully. “Those few days were brutal.”
“I don’t know. Without the magic of Snowy Pines, I’d have never met my sister, never met my husband, never had the courage to have children or to adopt children… I can’t bear to think of my life without it. Having said that, I’m not eager to go down that path again. I guess the point is Lola Hope, you have always made your own magic… but if you end up in Snowy Pines at least you know you’ll have your mother, your aunt and your big sister to share it with you.”
“To Snowy Pines.” Florrie said, raising her wooden spoon in salute.
“To Snowy Pines.” They all agreed just as the guys started to pour in from outside.
Lola looked at her mother, her sister and her aunt and she knew it was true. Even without an adventure, there was still no place on earth more magical than Snowy Pines.

don’t miss Lisa Pendergrass’s
The Day the Cupid Died!
(A Year in the Life of a Suddenly Single… book I)
Megan Mason has never been single in her entire life. Until she finds herself divorced at 31 and facing her first Valentine’s Day alone. Romance is the last thing on Megan’s mind, but with the hearts, flowers, candy and cupid everywhere will this serial monogamist be able to help herself? Especially when a handsome coach determines to make sure this Valentine’s Day won’t be remembered as The Day the Cupid Died!

Available Now!

Someone Old, Someone New,
Someone Borrowed and Someone… Blue? 
Available Now! 
A bride and her three bridesmaids have one week to get down the aisle and then on with their personal happily-ever-afters. But take an old boyfriend, coupled with a new romance, toss in a borrowed date and escort in a groom named Blue, and these girls are certain to take a plunge into calamity! Kate Ridgeway has dreamed of her wedding day all her life and Caleb Blue is just the groom to complete her perfect picture. Nothing can dampen her enthusiasm... except maybe the return of her old boyfriend. Rebekah Blue, the groom's sister, has no time for wedding non-sense. Her bags are packed and all she has to do is stand up as a bridesmaid for her soon-to-be-sister-in-law, and then she's off to join the mission field in Honduras... until an unexpected romance sparks with a new someone. Lucy Vance never believed she'd end up "borrowing" a date for the wedding of her former college roommate. She's even more surprised to realize she doesn't want to give him back. Emily Carmichael is everyone's first choice for maid-of-honor. She's upbeat, organized and romantic to a fault, and nothing will make her happier than seeing her best friend get her fairytale ending. But when she finds out that her long time one-sided crush on the groom might not be so one-sided after all, will she end up making the bride turn Blue?
Where the Grass is Always Greener
Grassland, Alabama – A town that’s ten minutes from the coast, but a world away from the glitzy tourism of Gulf Shores. A town that only has two red lights but a 6A High School with a top-ranked state championship football team. A town that’s home to star-crossed lovers and high school sweethearts. A town where best friends unite for the game they love, but are torn apart by the girls they can’t live without.
Welcome to Grassland – Where we first meet Hayden and Georgia - Tough, talented, hard-hitting defensive back Hayden Nichols has grown up moving from one foster home to another. Strong, sexy, smart Georgia Cooper has basically raised herself and her younger brother. These two have everything in common, except one thing. Georgia can't wait to get out of Grassland, and Hayden's greatest fear has always been the idea of living anywhere else.
Grassland, AL- A town that took a beautiful boy with long honey-brown hair and hazel eyes and turned him from the boy Georgia Cooper's world revolved around into a football god. This former defensive superstar is going to have to go on the offensive to win back the girl he loves... but the Grassland Gators are known for one thing - winning.
Along the way, we also meet the rest of the Grassland Gators; Superstar Caleb Sanders and Aimee Asher, the girl friend who has built her life around him; Georgia’s brother Max and Hayden’s foster-sister Belle Carpenter, who might doom their own relationship before it even begins; Carson Jennings who fears he’ll never step out of Caleb’s shadow; professional new-kid Fisher Barnes who thinks a championship ring is the only thing to redeem getting “dumped and left for dead in this back-water town in Alabama”; Belle’s steadfast roommate Lilly Ethridge; and Fisher’s hot best friend/Carson’s hot girlfriend, Torie Reyes.
Book 1 Welcome to Grassland (Hayden and Georgia)– Available Now
Book 2 Return to Grassland (Max and Belle) – Available Now
Book 3 At Home in Grassland – Coming Soon
Book 4 Forever in Grassland – Coming Spring 2018
If you like your Christmas Romance a little bit Steamy – check out Penny Michaels’                 A Ring by Christmas
Trey Thomas and Tori Tanner – TNT – had been best friends since the second day of second grade. Tori was a little chubby and a lot shy at eight years old and found herself constantly being reintroduced to kids she’d been in class with for both kindergarten and first grade. Trey, a new student, was extremely short and skinny and all mouth and white blonde hair so it was no surprise when he wound up the object of a bully attack on his second day. No one was more surprised than Tori when she leapt to his defense and put an end to the playground fisticuff. While most eight-year-old boys would have been mortified at being rescued by a girl, Trey handled it with his trademark charm and aplomb. He and Tori were inseparable from that day forth.

Fast forward twenty plus years to Thanksgiving. Trey has become a devastatingly handsome commitmentphobe, and Tori is tired of waiting for her best friend to grow-up, so she asks him for a bold favor – coach her on dating so that she is guaranteed to get a ring for Christmas. It starts out rocky, but before long Tori is happily meandering toward matrimony, and Trey is startled to find that the only thing scarier than commitment is spending the holidays… and everything else… without Tori. Can this best friend stop the love of his life before she chooses someone else? In other words, how can he make her see that he’s the only one who should give her A RING BY CHRISTMAS!

Also available from Penny Michaels
The Reason God Made Oklahoma
At 12 years old, Zoe Andrews knew the only man she could ever love was Matthew Callahan. But the Oklahoma ranch hand who worked for her father was five years her senior and a million miles away in terms of life experience. Even though his insistence that they could never be together stemmed from his belief that Zoe deserved more than he and Oklahoma could give her, it eventually drove her to New York and a life that included nothing from the ranch she called home. Despite their conflicts, the one thing they had in common was that neither seemed to be able to resist the other. When Zoe's father dies unexpectedly she's forced to return to Oklahoma where they find themselves with an impossible ultimatum. Zoe's father has left them the ranch together, but before they can inherit it they have to stay married for a year.

A year doesn't seem that long, but time apart has done nothing to lessen the attraction between Matt and Zoe. Soon everything they've fought against seems insignificant when compared with the desires that come alive when they're together. And once he's reminded of how much she actually loves the Oklahoma ranch where she grew up, can he find the courage to believe that he and Oklahoma are enough to keep her once the year is over?
Both Available now!

And coming from Penny Michaels’ in time for Valentine’s Day 2015
A Single Girls Guide to Surviving Valentine’s Day (The Diary of a Young Old-Maid… Book 1)
Bianca Rossi has had it! She’s done moping through every holiday feeling sorry for herself without a boyfriend. At 29 it’s time for this young old-maid to break the cycle… even if means she has to get a little creative with her Valentine’s Date. But when the date she chronicles in her successful column suddenly appears on her doorstep, Bianca is faced with a dilemma. While she might have survived 28 Valentine’s Days alone, one spent in the arms of her hot new fantasy come to life might be more than she can handle!


















