Hooking Alexander
Book #1, Adoring Angels Chronicles
Sable Rose

Copyright 2018 Sable Rose
AUTHOR’S NOTE
This book is a work of fiction by Sable Rose. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used solely for entertainment. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Thank you for downloading this free eBook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial purposes. You are, however, allowed to share this novel for non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please share it freely with your friends.

Introducing the Adoring Angels Chronicles
It has been many years since the Nephilim, beings who are part human and part angels, revealed themselves to humans. 
Now, the human and Nephilim races struggle to live side by side, both believing that all angels have left the earth forever. 
But, unknown to many, a group of angels are trapped on earth, unable to return to heaven, hiding from their many enemies. 
They hide in plain sight, in human form: male, six-foot-seven and taller, and extremely handsome.
For the select group of women who sleep with angels, sex is transcendental, life-changing. Angels are well-endowed, much more than human and Nephilim men, with wonderful tricks up their sleeves that transforms their lovers into lifetime groupies. 
For these women, this saying is truth: when you go angel, you’re a groupie for life…
Renate versus Alexander. Who wins?
“Do you hate me, Alexander?” Her honey-brown gaze shone on his face.
He squirmed. What did this woman want from him? “No. Why would you ask me that?”
“Because, apart from Adam, you don’t like humans or Nephilim.”
“That’s not true.”
“It is, isn’t it? You hate me, especially, because you’re attracted to me and you don’t want to be.”
“Stop talking about what you don’t know.”
She raised her body to lean on one elbow. “Do you hate me, Alexander?”
He scowled at the plaits on her head. “No.”
“Are you attracted to me?”
He gulped saliva. “You make me feel uncomfortable,” he managed. 
“Why?”
Goodness! He pushed one hand through his curls. “I don’t know.”
 Renate licked her lips. “Alexander, see … I’ve been with angels before. But, I’m not ashamed to say you’re different. I knew it from the first moment I saw you.”
About Hooking Alexander
One encounter with her and this angel is hooked…

Despite being an erotica author, the owner of a trendy magazine and the hostess of several famous elite erotic parties, Renate Giwa is bored and in need of stimulation and inspiration. 
And, right on time, a stranger walks into the venue of one of her parties. 
All it takes is one look at Alexander Nasser’s hot eyes and smoldering body and Renate knows this night will be a night to remember.
Used to silences and short conversations, smoldering-hot Angel Alexander is blown away after hooking up with enticing, free-spirited Renate. 
She breaks down his walls, turns his world upside down and shows him she’ll do anything for him, even if it means putting herself in danger.
Sable’s Free Novel Gift
Hello, erotic romance fantasy readers! Are you looking for a free, fun and very naughty way to kill off two boring hours?
Take a bite of Captivating Angel Jonas...

She thinks she’s going on a first date with a handsome stranger. Only, he’s not a man. He’s an angel who also happens to be a secret agent and he’s out to get her!

Even though two months ago, Tomi Sawyer’s boyfriend took off to places unknown, she’s moving on with a man she met through a dating website, Jonas Dije, six-eight with eyes the color of fine whisky. But, on her first date with Jonas, this insecure beauty discovers he’s not a man at all but an angel. 
That’s not all he is, however. Jonas is also an agent of a top-secret angelic agency, on a mission to find out if Tomi is involved in trafficking in manna with her AWOL boyfriend. Manna is the food of angels, of Nephilim, but for humans, it’s addictive and sometimes fatal. 
From the first day, Tomi and Jonas can’t keep their hands off each other. They revel in exploring each other’s bodies. Tomi, especially, is drawn to this sexy angel and falls in love with him almost immediately. Jonas resists the pull of her attraction for a time, struggling to focus on his investigation and find out if she’s the culprit selling manna illegally to humans. But, somehow, she manages to get under his skin. 
Now, Jonas is scared. All she knows of him is that he’s an angel, passing as a man and working as a personal trainer. What will she do when she finds out he’s an agent and she’s the subject of his investigation?

Captivating Angel Jonas is a companion book to the Adoring Angels Chronicles, a paranormal erotic romance series featuring a group of super-desirable and well-endowed angels, living on earth, in hiding from their many enemies. 
This book is a too-tempting, very naughty bite-sized confectionary. Warning: eating it will make you hungry for more! 
Click on this LINK to sign up for your free copy of Captivating Angel Jonas! Keep reading to the end for an excerpt of this book. 
Chapter 1
Renate Giwa was in a rut. The sole of her right foot tapped the floor. She blew out a protracted, heavy sigh as her gaze scanned the blank Microsoft Word document open on the screen of her desktop computer. 
Scratching the back of an ear with one hand, she muttered, “She walked into his room and … um, no … she stepped into … no … the first thing she saw was his manhood … what? Manhood? Really? Ugh … dammit!”
Her right hand grasped the mouse on the desk beside the computer keyboard but didn’t move it. She glowered at the screen. The page was as blank as it had been for the last three hours. 
Dammit! 
For nine whole months, she hadn’t written a new novel and her fans had started to complain. 
Fuck them. 
No, not really. She loved them. She was grateful to them for their support. It wasn’t their fault that for the first time in her life she had run out of ideas. This wasn’t just writer’s block; it was a freaking writer’s iron curtain! 
 She rolled the mouse on the surface of the desk, watching the cursor move round and round. What was her freaking problem? She was living her dream life, for goodness’ sake. Author of several enormously successful erotica books and owner of a thriving magazine. She owned two houses, this one, and another one in Lagos State, Nigeria. Her wardrobe boasted more than a few designer-label clothes. She’d just turned thirty two days ago and her birthday party had been attended by the crème de la crème of Ghanaian society. 
She eyed her watch. Nine-thirty PM. Through the two windows in this room, her office, slate-grey tendrils of moonlight seeped in and then vanished, chased away by the bright fluorescent lights on the walls and on the ceiling. 
Nine-thirty. Outside her door, the party was already in top gear. Her twenty-eighth—or was it twenty-ninth?—harem party. Dammit, she should be at the party. She was hosting it. She should be on her knees now, receiving a hot guy’s cock in her pussy, not here … staring at an empty page. 
It had been a while. Eight weeks, to be exact. Her vagina was hungry for some loving … the problem wasn’t her body. Was it her mind? Was she too bored to satisfy her carnal needs? 
Dammit. 
Beyond her doors, people were having sex. Lots of it. These harem parties had been her brainchild. Through these parties, she’d given men and women, both human and Nephilim, the opportunity they’d been craving, to have sex with angels and with each other. She’d designed them with an oriental theme in mind … gold couches, incense, soft music, golden bowls of fruits and flowers strategically positioned at corners of the rooms and satin drapes demarcating the private rooms from the main hall. 
Of course, these parties were discreet, top-drawer affairs … for the few humans and Nephilim who knew that angels were still on earth and were able and willing to pay large sums of money to fuck them. The angels attended these parties for free. Everyone else paid. 
She relaxed in her leather chair. Her lips twitched in a smile. That day, almost six years ago … she had been a stylist, working in a hair salon. That day, she’d been braiding her longtime client’s hair and her client, a woman in her forties, had whispered something to her. 
A secret. There were angels on earth and she’d met a couple of them. 
Naturally, Renate didn’t believe her, at first. Come on … angels on earth? Give me a break! Yes, sure, they’d been here once before and conceived the first set of Nephilim. Everyone knew that! But, then, they’d disappeared. Some had returned to heaven. Some had died off. 
But, then, she’d met friends of her client who had had stories to tell about their encounters with angels. She’d listened and then, gradually, started to believe. The stories were similar and the women who told her these tales were educated, intelligent and successful women. Maybe, it was all true. 
Maybe. 
Soon after, she began a blog and these women became anonymous story contributors. The blog was a complete success, almost from the start. In one year, she’d gathered about four hundred thousand subscribers. It seemed people wanted to read about angels fucking women. The blog spawned her magazine, Female and Proud, and the magazine launched her erotica novel-writing career. She’d given up her job as a stylist so she could concentrate full-time on her businesses. 
A pop-up box appeared on her computer screen. New mail. 
She sat up and peered at the screen. From Marcel. He was an old friend. One of those who’d been there from the very first harem party. Now he was a patron—a very generous one—and, an angel. 
Quickly, she switched to her inbox and clicked on the mail. 
Renate, be careful. Just this afternoon, I received word that the Soldiers for Unity know about your parties. They, most probably, have one of their members acting as a guest, or as one of your security people. Keep an eye out and if you need any help, don’t hesitate to let me know.
Marcel
Her brow wrinkled. Dammit! She didn’t need this. Why couldn’t the Soldiers for Unity mind their own freaking business? My goodness, these days if it’s not one fanatical group of mindless idiots, it’s another. On one hand, there was the League of Humans who hated Nephilim and wanted to eradicate them from the earth. On the other, these idiots, the Soldiers for Unity, who loved everyone.
Everyone, except angels. 
How did they even find out about the existence of angels? 
Dammit!
Chapter 2
Alexander Nasser watched, one eyebrow raised, as his best friend, Adam Kalu, wrestled with his gold-coloured tie, tugging it out from under his collar and yanking it off past his head. 
“We can wait till we go back, you know. We’re returning to Lagos tomorrow.”
Adam tossed the tie into the backseat of the Neter Group company car, a black Cherokee Jeep. He threw a glance at Alexander. “I can’t wait. I’m horny now.”
“How many times have you attended these parties?” Alexander asked.
He shrugged and slammed the left passenger door shut. “I guess … two or three … don’t worry, Alex … you’ll enjoy it.”
“If you say so.” Alex pursed his lips. They’d flown into Accra from Lagos only this afternoon. Adam had come for a business meeting with the head of the Neter Group’s main ad agency. He’d chosen to accompany his friend. Even though he had his own work in Lagos waiting for him. He should probably have let Adam travel alone. But he was too used to worrying about him. Too used to acting as his protector. 
He glanced at Adam. Six-foot and fit-bodied, in a pinstriped suit and a white shirt. “And, what is the aim of these … what did you call them … harem parties?”
Adam’s big eyes, the black irises, edged with gold—Nephilim eyes—stared at him through the clear lenses of his horn-rimmed eyeglasses. “I’ve told you … it’s for humans, Nephilim and angels … you can be yourself here … you don’t have to wear your contacts or hide your tattoo …”
“I have that in Lagos …” he muttered, trotting in step with Adam as he moved away from the car. “At Augustine’s orgies.”
He sniffed and ambled forward, up the dark, shadow-strewn street. “How often are those orgies? Not very often. You know that most of the time, you have to disguise your true nature from the women you sleep with.” 
“Okay.” Alexander gave a short nod. “But this is my first time here … in this city, at this party … I only came here because of you. It’ll just be one night of being my true self and then, tomorrow, I’m back to pretending I’m a man.”
He rolled his eyes. “Well, at least, you’ll have this one night. Stop whining.” 
They strolled side by side. All around them, the street was settling into shadows. Night was falling. 
 “I’m glad you’re back. I’ve missed you,” Alex said.
He chuckled. “You sound like you haven’t seen me in years. You came over to London for a visit three months ago.”
He laughed. “Yes, okay. When will your two years away be up?”
“I still have a few months to go in the London office and then, I’ll come back to Lagos.” He flung a glance at Alex. “And I’ve missed you too.”
Alex’s gaze brushed the street. At the end was a wrought-iron fence and gate. Was this where the party was being held? 
“Technically, I’m on vacation,” he said. “The head of the agency, Midas Magic, has been insisting on speaking only to me. His company does most of the Neter Group’s ads so I couldn’t just ignore him.”
“And yet, he wasn’t even in his office when you got there.”
“A sudden trip … according to his PA …”
“But he knew you were coming.”
He raised and lowered his shoulders. “His PA said he’ll be flying back into Accra tonight. But I couldn’t wait for him.”
“What’s his deal? Why does he need to see you?”
“Well, because I’m the Head of Publicity and Media in the Neter Group. His work with the Neter Group has put him and his company on the League of Humans’s radar.”
“So, he’s scared?” Alex scowled. 
Adam glanced at him. “He has good reason to be. The League is getting stronger every day. Anyone involved in producing manna, in any way, for the Nephilim population is at risk.” 
 “The members of the League of Humans are a bunch of crackpots.”
“Dangerous crackpots,” added Adam. He gazed straight ahead. They were almost there. “The last time I was here, I came with Augustine. He was very popular at the party.”
Alex smiled. “Augustine is always popular with the ladies. Most of the stories in Female and Proud are about him.”
Adam grinned. “Don’t tell me you read the magazine …”
“Not really. I just skim through it …”
“Skim through … yeah, right.”
“Yes … well, ever since you told me that one of my favorite authors owns Female and Proud.”
“How many novels of hers do you have?”
Moonlight bounced off the diamond stud in one of Adam’s ears. Alex watched the stone twinkle. “About four.”
“I’m going to tell her you’re one of her biggest fans.”
“Please, don’t.” His eyes widened.
“What? It’s nothing to be ashamed of.”
“Does she join in the action at these parties?”
“I don’t know … not often is my guess …” 
“What else do you know about her?”
Adam scratched his head. “Um … she’s, I think, thirty years old … a quarter Italian … she’s Nigerian but she’s been living in Ghana for years … ever since she graduated from the University of Ghana.” 
The gate loomed in front of them. On the other side of the gate, stood a bungalow with cream walls and a triangular red roof, partially enclosed by a clump of trees. 
Adam and Alex halted. “This is it,” said Adam.
Two burly men, wearing dark suits that strained over their bulky muscles and wraparound sunglasses over their face, despite the lack of sunlight, pulled open the gate and plodded outside.  
Their furrowed brows smoothened as their glances fell on Adam. Big teeth flashed from their large mouths. 
“Adam!” One of the men said. “Long time.”
“Hi, Dede.” He nodded at the one who’d spoken.
His companion stuck out a hand. “It’s nice to see you again, Adam.”
“Kwame, right?” he asked, a smile on his lips. He shook the proffered hand. 
“Yes, yes … you remembered …” The man beamed with joy.
“Let us in.” His glance swept from one man to the other.
Dede angled his head at Alex. “Who’s this?”
“He’s my friend, Alexander.”
“We’ve never seen him before,” Kwame said.
“Yeah, this is his first time …” Adam stared at the men. “What’s the issue?”
“We can’t let him in—”
“—What?”
Dede spread out his hands in a supplicating gesture. “It’s not our fault. The boss said we shouldn’t let anyone new in.”
“He’s an angel,” he snapped, planting his hands on his waist.
Alex cringed as two sets of eyes, concealed behind two pairs of sunglasses, swung in his direction. Hiding his identity had been his reality for close to three hundred years. Now, hearing Adam say it out loud, so casually, to these two goons, pushed drops of sweat out of his armpits. 
Breathe, Alex. 
Dede tore his glasses off his face and inspected Alex from head to feet. “He looks like an angel.”
“Would I lie to you guys?” Adam asked, lips twisted.
“The thing is … we’re under orders. The Boss said no one new,” Kwame mumbled. “We know you, Adam. We know your father is a high-ranking angel but orders are orders …”
 “A lot of things have been happening recently … we’ve had tall men wearing golden contact lenses, claiming to be angels … our boss was nearly mobbed at a Female and Proud event by the League of Humans …” Dede explained.
“Why would they attack her?” He frowned. “She’s human.”
“The magazine has Nephilim on staff. So you see, we have to be more careful these days.”
At his sides, Alex’s hands fisted. He’d heard enough. Coming here had been Adam’s idea, not his. “Adam, let’s go.”
“No, Alex …” His black eyes shone. “They can’t turn us away.”
“We’re not turning you away,” Dede murmured, sighing.
“I won’t go in without him.” He glowered at Dede. “Call your boss. I want to speak to her.”
Sighing once again, Dede rooted in his jacket pocket for his phone and stamped away, out of earshot. 
Wishing he was anywhere else but here, Alex’s glance surveyed the dark street. Couldn’t they just leave? 
Dede returned. “She says she’ll be with you in a minute.”
 “She better be,” Adam muttered.
“Adam, it’s not our fault …” Kwame said.
“We’re just doing our jobs,” said Dede. 
A minute later, the gates opened and someone walked out. 
Alex’s gaze switched from the street to this newcomer. 
His eyes expanded as he looked at her and, out of nowhere, his heart began to pound. 
Chapter 3
The hair on her small head had been plaited, six rows ending in colorless glass beads. The plaits crowned a pretty, heart-shaped face and descended to an elegant neck. She was fair, very fair. Her eyes were big and so were her plump, Angelina Jolie lips. She stood at a height of five feet nine inches. The cropped top she had on exposed her smooth belly and the tiny belly-button knob sitting in the center.
Alex’s gaze focused on that small bump floating in a sea of mocha-latte silkiness.
“Adam!” she greeted, sauntering over to him and hurling her arms around his neck. “Welcome.”
He kissed her cheeks one after the other. “Renate, it’s good to see you.”
She stepped away from him, smiling. “Why has it taken you so long to come back, hmm?”
“I’ve been working in the Neter Group’s London office for the past year and a half.”
Alex dragged his stare away from her and stared at the ground. So this was Renate Giwa, the author of the Burn with Lust series. He’d finished the fourth book, the last in the series, only last week. Memories of the steamy sex scenes she’d explicitly described in her books swirled in his head. Unease assaulted his nerves. Why did she make him feel this uncomfortable? No, this wasn’t right. She was a mere human being, after all. 
“What’s all this, eh? Why can’t we come in?” Adam asked, eyebrows high.
“Yes, Dede told me you came with a friend …” She glanced away from Adam to the six-foot-eight, slim, nearly thin man lingering at his side. His head was down, giving her a view of his hair, chocolate-brown springy curls. His dark-blue jacket, round-necked white tee-shirt and black trousers were not too loose, not too tight. Just the right size for his spare frame. 
“Adam says you’re an angel,” she addressed him, suddenly eager to see his face. 
The head rose and the gaze from his eyes, almond-shaped and champagne-colored, crashed into hers. 
Her breathing slowed, and then, quickened. There was something in them. Discomfort, irritation and a hint of superiority …
“If he says so, then, that’s what I am.”
His voice was low, stiff. Someone unused to long and deep conversations.
Renate eyed him, willing her pulse to settle down. He looked like an angel. He was tall. He was gorgeous. With the requisite arrogant expression in his eyes … Unlike, Adam who wore a short black stubble on his jaw, this one was clean-shaven. His cheekbones were high mountains in the stark landscape of his face. He looked to be in his early thirties, but if he was really an angel, that would definitely not be his real age.
 “His name is Alexander Nasser and he’s an angel,” Adam said.
She’d known Adam for a while. He was a good customer and his father was a well-known angel. She could take him at his word.
Alex tossed his head at Adam. “Adam, I’m just going to go. You can stay.”
“No, Alex.”
“This is bullshit.”
Her eyes thinned. She cocked her head. “Is that what you think, Alex?”
“Yes.” He stared at her, ignoring the thumping of his temples. “Yes, it is. If he says I’m an angel, then you should take his word for it.”
“Are you an angel?” She glared at him.
“I’m not going to answer that.”
Adam glanced at him. “Alex, come on. I really want to attend the party.”
He shot a glance at his friend and then shrugged. “Fine.”
Wanting to erase that supercilious expression from his face, she snapped, “Are you an angel, Alexander Nasser?”
His thin lips tightened but he muttered, “Yes, I am.”
She sniffed and turned to Adam. “I’ll have to check him.”
Adam’s mouth opened and then closed. “Renate, that’s not necessary!”
“Oh, I assure you, it is. If you want him at the party with you, that is.”
Adam groaned. 
Alex flicked an angry look at her. “I don’t mind. Do what you must.”
“I will.”
They scowled at each other.

***

Alex’s feet stamped on the floor laid with mosaic tiles as he filed behind Renate and Adam into a capacious living-room. So, she wanted to check him, did she? That probably meant his eyes and his tattoo. Fine. He was agreeing to this only for Adam’s sake. But tonight would be his first and last visit to this so-called harem party.
Although … 
His gaze snagged the sway of her generous buttocks in her low-rise maxi skirt. He could see the curve of each ass cheek through the material. Was she wearing panties? He couldn’t see a panty line. Maybe, it was one of those G-strings or boy shorts …
A string of colorless beads on a thin gold thread hung on her waist, moving up and down in concert with the shifting of her large ass. 
He forced air into his lungs. Between his thighs, his penis was already semi-erect. He tore his stare away from the enticing view and glanced around. The warm, golden lights in the room were dimmed. A slow, stirring tune drifted from unseen speakers. Couches took up positions at various corners of the room. 
On one couch, three men worked on a woman; one had his cock in her ass, the other was thrusting into her vagina and the third shoved his cock into her mouth. Next to the threesome, a woman on her knees serviced a bronze-skinned giant, who was, most likely, an angel. On a sofa by the bar, two women in string bikinis stuck their tongues in each other’s mouths. A heavyset man loitered by the bar, ogling the woman beside him. One of his hands cupped her left buttock. Then, the man glanced up at them. His glance concentrated on Adam.
Deserting the woman at the bar, he hustled forward, an ingratiating grin on his lips. “Hi, it’s Adam Kalu, isn’t it?” he asked, smiling at Adam.
Adam paused and so did Renate and Alex. He shook his head at the stranger. “I’m sorry, I don’t know you …”
“Yes, of course. But I know you. You’re the Neter Group’s Head of Publicity and Media. I work for the Neter Group … actually … I’m an analyst in the IT department of Neteru Communications here in Accra. My name is Stanley Ovia.”
“Stanley Ovia …” Adam shook the man’s hand. “Good to meet you. Have you been coming here a lot?” 
“No …” A boom of laughter. “I was transferred from Lagos to Accra six months ago but I only uncovered this gem of a party in the last two months.” He chucked a glance at Alex. “Hi …”
“Hello,” Alex responded, stretching his lips in a faint smile. 
 “That’s my friend, Alexander,” Adam said.
Stanley grinned. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Alexander. Well, I’ll leave you three to it.” He bounded away, back to his willing companion. 
Renate moved to the left and stopped in front of a pair of white-paneled doors. She seized the two golden doorknobs, twisted them and the doors into her suite came ajar. 
“Welcome, gentlemen,” she said.
Chapter 4
Alex stepped into the room. At one glance, he could tell. This was her private room. It was like her … bold and unfettered. Red silk bed sheets, plush carpet, gold-trimmed lamp shades, velvet chairs, mirrored dressing table. To the left of the two chairs, a table rested. An average-sized refrigerator hummed in a corner. 
She shut the door, her teeth biting down on her bottom lip. The hairs on her skin rose. She’d tested a few would-be angels before. Although, this time, she was about ninety percent certain Alexander was an angel. But why was she going through with this? Risking Adam boycotting her parties? Dammit. But there was just something so infuriatingly standoffish about Alexander. She couldn’t resist taking him down a notch. 
Adam shoved his hands in his trouser pockets. “Alright, Renate. How do you want to do this? His eyes, then—”
Renate stared at Alex. “Show me your tattoo.”
Gritting his teeth, he slipped off his jacket and placed it on one of the chairs. From an inner pocket, the gold handle of his dagger he carried everywhere with him glinted in the light from a nearby lamp. His fingers plucked at the collar of his tee-shirt.
Her gaze roamed over his lithe torso in the white material. 
Take it off. I want to see more. 
He tugged off the tee. 
She appraised his slender, muscle-packed chest, taking no notice of the mutinous expression on his face. Not even an ounce of spare flesh. 
She circled him, halting at his back. There they were. The tattoos. Every angel had them. It was from these tattoos that their wings sprouted. Alex’s were the same as the others she’d seen. Wings in black ink extending from his shoulders to his waist. Completely covering his back. 
Without thinking, she reached out a hand to the ink-covered skin. Her finger pads touched the warm skin and, instinctively, her clit swelled. 
Alex felt her hands sketching his skin. He swallowed spit as his balls contracted.
 Get your hands off me!
 “I want to see your cock,” she demanded.
Adam’s hands vaulted out of his pockets. “Okay, Renate … that’s going too far.”
“Angels have the biggest cocks on the planet. I want to see if his measures up.”
“No, no …” Adam shook his head. “We’re leaving.”
She slanted her head and stared up at Alex. “Are you ashamed of your body?”
He stared into her honey-brown eyes and his lips drew into a thin line. “No.”
“Alex, let’s go,” Adam protested.
Still trading a furious look with Renate, he said, “It’s her party, her rules.” 
If that’s the game you want to play, let’s play it. 
His hands reached for his belt.
Her pulse galloped.
He quickly dispatched of his belt, trousers and briefs. He stood in front of her, naked. 
Her gaze was riveted on his penis. It was partially erect, easily ten inches, fat, thick blood vessels twisting up and down its length. The root of his elephantine cock and his heavy balls were devoid of hair, as was his hard-planed belly. Typical of angels. 
As she watched, the tip of his organ jerked upward.
Her mouth went dry. Her tongue ached to run over that pulsing tip and dip into the tiny hole there. Between her legs, her vagina moistened. 
She was mesmerized.
“Are you satisfied?” Adam’s outraged voice woke her from her daze. 
Alex pulled in a deep breath. His balls throbbed painfully. His penis was growing to full length. He was losing it. “Get me a glass of water,” he snarled at Renate.
“What are you doing?” Adam asked.
“I want to finish this.”
Renate went over to the fridge, extracted a glass and a bottle of water. She poured some of the water into the glass, replaced the bottle and walked back to him. 
She held out the glass.
He dunked the tip of an index finger into one eye, pulled out a contact lens. He dumped it in the glass of water. Then, repeated the action on his other eye. Now, the two lenses floated in the water. 
She dumped the glass on the table that was to hand and gazed up into eyes that had become wells of gold. Golden circles sitting in the midst of white corneas. Pupils indistinguishable from irises. Shiny. Unforgiving. Raw. Inside them, she caught her reflection staring back at her.
“You wanted an angel,” said Alex. 
Great wings fired from his back, white with golden tips, and folded down, beyond his waist. 
“Beautiful …” she breathed as she edged around him, to his back. She’d seen angel’s wings before. Yes. But his were freaking special. She fingered the soft, white feathers. 
Beautiful. 
His cock thickened. 
 “You both can stay. Take your pick of the ladies out there,” she murmured to Adam.
Adam sighed. “At long last …”
Retracting his wings with a shrug of his shoulders, Alex fixed her with a golden glower. “Are you on the menu?”
“What?” She gaped at him. 
“Alex …” Adam said, “I thought the plan was for us to share a woman … as usual.”
Renate’s heart hammered. Alex was giving her the chance to end eight weeks of drought. And that cock was just too tempting.
“Or are you scared to be with me?” Alex faced her, his voice taunting.
Chapter 5
Scared? Her glance drifted from Alex to Adam. “You both can share me.”
Alex’s golden eyes enlarged. Share her? No …
Adam blinked. “Renate, are you sure?”
“Yes.”
Alex pursed his lips. 
Deliberately, she tugged off her top, exposing her breasts partly concealed by her demi-cup bra. Followed by her skirt. She kicked off her ballet flats. Her feet submerged into the carpet. She started to wrench her grey thongs down her hips. 
Adam grunted.
She glanced up at him, logging the bulge in his trousers. Her glance slithered to Alex. His cock was huge now, a ravenous monster. 
Alex’s breath hitched in his throat as her thong, and then, her bra were cast aside. His gaze adored her round breasts with light-brown prominent nipples, those big buttocks, the tantalizing thin gold thread around her waist showing the way to the brown triangle of hair on her pubis. 
He was agonizingly hard. 
Renate glided to the bed and perched on it. Aware that she was the center of attention. 
Adam yanked off his clothes and his glasses. In seconds, he was nude. He advanced, gold-circled black eyes glowing. 
Her glance swept over him. He had a good body, but unlike Alex, his dark skin was carpeted with curly hair stretching from his chest, down to his groin. His penis was stiff and gnarled, the head a thick knob. 
She opened her thighs, telegraphing what she wanted. Adam dropped to his knees and buried his face in her crotch. 
His wet tongue flicked over her engorged clit. Her thighs trembled. She moaned, her glance skipping to Alex. 
He was still in the same spot, his stare focused on Adam’s bobbing head.  
She clutched Adam’s head, shoving his mouth deeper into her pliant pussy. His tongue dived into her slippery slit. 
Alex, get over here!
Alex stayed in place.
She patted Adam’s head. He lifted his head and stared up at her.
“Now …” she whispered. 
He straightened and turned to look at Alex. “Don’t you want to join us?”
She stared at Alex, her heart banging in her chest. Had she overplayed her hand? Would he leave?
He lifted and lowered one shoulder.
“Will you take the front or back?” Adam asked his friend. 
He finally answered, “You choose.”
Adam nodded. “I’ll take the back.” He glanced at Renate. “Lube? Vaseline?”
She tipped her head at the dresser by the side of the bed. “Both.”
 “Do you need manna?” he asked.
Ah. Manna. Food of angels and Nephilim. For humans, manna was both an opiate and a painkiller. Used by human angel groupies. Most women found it difficult to accept an angel’s cock without it. 
But she wasn’t most women.
“No, I’m fine,” said Renate.
He rushed to the dresser, opened a drawer and found a bottle of lube and a jar of Vaseline. 
She returned her gaze to Alex. So, he’d decided to participate. Good. 
Adam came back to her, his penis glistening with Vaseline. He sat on the bed and then reached for her. His hands seized her waist, raised her and brought her down, on his laps. He stuck the tip of his well-oiled organ into the hole between her ass cheeks.
She felt his cock push into her asshole. She groaned. Wow. When last had she been fucked in the ass? It had been a while. 
She began to move back and forth on Adam’s penis, her ass clenching against it. 
“Shit, your ass is grabbing onto my dick,” he said in a roughened voice.
She moaned, enjoying the fullness of his cock expanding her anus. She grabbed one of her breasts and squeezed the pebbly nipple. Her vagina tightened in reply. Her other hand lunged in between the thick lips of her pussy, fingers capturing the slick, wet muscle there. She stroked her clit, feeling her juices rise. She spread her thighs apart, her fingers working feverishly, her buttocks bouncing up and down on Adam’s dick. 
Alex’s ears picked up the sound of wet flesh as her fingers strummed her gash. He watched her nipples harden and the areola darken. 
Suddenly, his feet unstuck and in a second, he was standing above the couple. 
Adam grasped her by the waist and swung her onto the bed. Now, she was lying on top of him. 
Alex climbed on the bed and straddled them. She opened up to him. 
His massive cock pushed into her sopping-wet vagina. Her mouth made a silent ‘O’ as it thundered into her, the slightly curved tip caressing the walls of her canal. 
Her hungry sex clamped on his cock, sheathing him with her juices. She thrust her hips at him, moans spilling from her throat. 
Yes, Alexander. Fuck me, Alexander. 
Alex ploughed into her burning-hot and impossibly tight pussy. Wow. 
She launched into an orgasm, bucking between the Nephilim in her ass and the angel in her pussy. She could feel the tip of Adam’s cock in her belly. 
“Shit, I’m coming …” Adam moaned, pounding harder and harder. 
As she drenched Alex’s dick with her fluids, Adam held her tight and poured his cum into her bowels. 
But Alex was still pumping, his gaze on his cock moving in and out, covered with her sticky cream. 
Renate felt it. Sensory overload. 
Alexander. 
If only he would freaking look her in the face. Fingers digging into the sheets, she climaxed again.
He was about to come. She could sense it. But, dammit, he was too freaking quiet. Was he enjoying himself? There were no moans, no grunts. Only ragged breathing. 
Come inside me, Alexander.
He yanked his cock out of her, his mouth opening in a hushed scream, his golden eyes flashing, and shot his cum all over her belly. 
She watched his face contort and the seemingly unending flood of milky-white semen coat her belly. He was still spurting cum, the warm liquid pooling on her heated skin. 
Goodness, that was wonderful. He eyed the thick cream of his cum trailing down that appealing stomach, over that eye-catching navel. He bent his head and his tongue darted out, like a snake. 
Licking the cum off her skin.
She gasped. And, just like that, her vagina was aching all over again. 
Aching for more of his sweet cock. 
Chapter 6
Adam got to his feet to stand beside his friend. “She’s sweet, isn’t she?”
Alex’s brow creased. He shoved the words out of his mouth. “Yes.”
Adam clocked his expression. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing …” he muttered. 
From the comfort of the bed, Renate said, “He didn’t want to share me with you.”
He huffed, “I don’t know where you got that idea.”
“I’m not wrong, am I?” she said, with a giggle. 
Adam moved closer to his friend. “Is that true? You should have told me. I wouldn’t have …”
He shook his head. “It’s not true.”
“Alex—”
“—Adam, forget about it.”
A rap beat erupted. “Shit, that’s my phone,” Adam said. He scampered to his clothes, rifled in his trousers and located the ringing phone. “Hello …”
Alex glanced at him, talking on the phone. Who was on the other end?
He ended the call quickly. Alex approached him.
“What’s going on?”
“It’s the head of Midas Magic. He’s back from his trip and he wants to speak with me tonight.”
“What?” Alex frowned. “I’m sure it’s nearly eleven PM now. Why the hell can’t he wait till tomorrow?”
He heaved a sigh. “He says he has another business trip scheduled for tomorrow afternoon. I have to meet with him.”
“You don’t have to.”
“I do … it’s my job.” He started to redress. 
Alex ruffled his curls with one hand. “Then I’ll come with you.”
In the act of buttoning his shirt, he paused. “Don’t. Stay. Enjoy.”
“I can’t let you go alone.”
“You have to stop following me everywhere, Alex. I can take care of myself. You forget I know taekwondo and kung-fu.”
“Still, I’ll feel better—” 
“Nothing will happen. Who’s going to attack me?”
Alex’s golden eyes expanded. “Humans, for one … they kill for no reason. And you’re Nephilim … someone from the League of Humans might decide to harm you. What of the Soldiers for Unity? What if they know your father is our prime minister? They might kidnap you to flush him out.”
He rolled his eyes. “You see danger everywhere.”
“I’m an angel, living on earth. That’s my reality. Let me come with you.”
He threw on his jacket and planted his eyeglasses on his face. “Stay.” He inclined forward to whisper, “She prefers you, anyway. I can tell.”
“She’s an angel groupie,” Alex snorted, climbing into his trousers.
“Maybe. Maybe not. Don’t be so damn serious all the time. Relax.”
“You’re taking the car, don’t forget. How will I get to our hotel?”
He scratched his head. “Um. I’ll call a taxi for you from the office. Or, you can wait here and then, I’ll come back to pick you up.”
“I can arrange for a car to take you to your hotel,” Renate interjected.
“You see …”Adam whispered in Alex’s ear. “She likes you.”
“Are you sure I can’t come with you?”
“Yes!” He shook his head. “I’ll see you in a bit.” He glanced at Renate. “Sorry, I have to leave. It was fun.”
“Yes, it was,” she said, smiling. “Bye, Adam.”
“Bye.” He strode out of the room.

***

Alex looped his hands around his neck and stared up at the ceiling. He should have gone with Adam. What was he still doing here?
“Hey …” She moved to his side. She extended a tentative hand to his firm, tattooed back. “There’s something you need to do before you leave.”
What? Eyebrows cocked, he glared down at her. “What are you talking about?”
She slipped two fingers of her right hand into her vagina and then removed them. The fingers with their blunt, unpainted fingernails, dripping with her juices, jumped up, to his lips. “Taste this.”
His arms fell down. His blood thudded in his ears. 
Renate Giwa, you’re a witch. 
She smeared his lips with her fluid, watching his golden eyes grow two times larger. His lips shook. 
She pushed her fingers in the crack between his lips. He caved. 
Her fingers disappeared in his mouth. 
Just a little bit salty. And creamy, definitely. 
His tongue laved her fingers. Sucked on them. His cheekbones shifted back and forth. In his trousers, his penis stirred. 
She felt heat between her legs. Her sex was burning up. With one hand, she jerked at the waistband of his trousers. Alex’s hands plunged down, helping her. He took off his trousers.
She ogled the gargantuan thing jumping out of his groin. Custard-coloured head exposed, oozing fluid. She couldn’t wait to have that freaking dick jammed again into her core. 
His mouth released her fingers. She steered him toward the bed, breathing hard. They collapsed on top of it. He prodded her thighs apart, his eyes on the treasure ripe for his plundering. The lips were tan, distended; the clit quivered and pleaded for his mouth.
Don’t you worry, I’m about to eat you up. 
He shoved his tongue into her. 
Renate let out a whimper. His mouth arrested the inflamed clit and rolled it over his lips. Then, she felt his tongue go deep into her sex, exploring every corner. Licking avidly every drop of her water. 
She groaned as every muscle in her body went limp. Then, he was turning her to the side, straddling her and lifting one of her legs up to rest on his shoulder.
He impaled her with his cock. 
Goodness, she’s deliciously wet. 
His penis divided the lips of her pussy and rammed into her slit. 
She moaned. Dammit. His cock was only halfway in, but already, he was stretching her to the fullest. He started slamming into her, slamming her to the hilt with his elephant-trunk-sized dick. Her breasts crashed against her chin as he thrust into her. 
Her whimpers transformed into harsh groans. Her back arched. Her hips leaped upward to merge with his. Another orgasm was coming. 
He hauled her off the bed and stood up. His hands positioned her hips, jammed her back on his cock. Lifting her up. Bringing her down. Over and over again.
Her legs wound around his waist, her arms ringed around his neck. She felt his fingers squeeze her ass cheeks. Her groan was ripped from her lungs. 
She came, hard. 
But, he was still battering her core with his thick, long penis. 
He increased his speed. The muscles in her vagina were grabbing him, kneading him. This woman was something else. 
He stalked to the table, withdrew her off him and then, spun her around. He pushed her forward so that her buttocks rose to meet his gaze and her hands rested on the table surface. His eyes worshipped the glittering pea-shaped beads on the gold chain dangling from her waist, the round, yellow-skinned mounds of her ass and the engorged lips of her pussy. 
He thrust back into her, his pulse sprinting. Fucking her with everything in him, his balls slapping her clit.
Shouts escaped from her mouth as the sweat streamed from her face and down between her breasts. Saliva dripped from her open mouth. 
Alexander. Oh god, Alexander. I’m coming again. 
From the table, he conveyed her back to the bed. He pushed her to her knees and poked his cock back into her. 
Leaning on her elbows, his penis pummeling her pussy, she felt the wave of her orgasm flow over her entire body. 
But, he was still so freaking huge. Her vagina was starting to feel the strain. Pain began to creep in, rolling alongside the tremendous pleasure. 
Her elbows gave out. She fell forward, her face burrowed in the bed sheet. Tears mixed with sweat and saliva wet the bed. 
Alexander, please!
The next thrust of his dick clobbered her cervix. She cried out, into the silk sheet. But, he wasn’t stopping. Her cervix received another hit. And then another. The muscles in her vagina were stretched to their limit. 
Would he tear her apart?
Renate sobbed. 
He’s going to rip my vagina to shreds and it’ll be my fault for having sex with an angel without manna.
Chapter 7
Alex’s penis was steaming, about to explode. This was it. His fingers pierced the soft skin of her thighs as he yanked her toward him, crushing her pussy onto his organ. 
His eyes blazed with the light that accompanied an angel’s orgasm as he fired his steaming-hot cum into her womb. The roar that sprang from his mouth took him by surprise. 
He emptied into her, sucking lungfulls of air. Emptying and emptying and emptying … 
Eventually, he pulled out of her. His gaze caught his cum leaking out of her pussy. Goodness, he’d filled her up.
He sat up on the bed, his chest rising and falling. His entire body was cased in perspiration. She twisted to her back, drawing her knees to her chest. 
That was when he noticed the tears on her face.
His forehead wrinkled. 
What had he done? 
“I’m sorry …” the words petered from his lips.
She glanced away from him, her tongue bathing her lips. “What are you apologizing for?”
“I hurt you, didn’t I?”
“You had to prove to me you’re an angel and I’m only human.”
His jaw worked. “What are you trying to say? That I punished you?”
Renate gave a curt laugh. Her sex throbbed with pain. And the remembrance of the multiple, electrifying orgasms she’d experienced. “Interesting choice of words … punished … do you think I did something to deserve your punishment?”
Alex wiped his face with one hand. “I’m sorry, okay?”
“Do you hate me, Alexander?” Her honey-brown gaze shone on his face.
He squirmed. What did this woman want from him? “No. Why would you ask me that?”
“Because, apart from Adam, you don’t like humans or Nephilim.”
“That’s not true.”
“It is, isn’t it? You hate me, especially, because you’re attracted to me and you don’t want to be.”
“Stop talking about what you don’t know.”
She raised her body to lean on one elbow. “Do you hate me, Alexander?”
He scowled at the plaits on her head. “No.”
“Are you attracted to me?”
He gulped saliva. “You make me feel uncomfortable,” he managed. 
“Why?”
Goodness! He pushed one hand through his curls. “I don’t know.”
 Renate licked her lips. “Alexander, see … I’ve been with angels before. But, I’m not ashamed to say you’re different. I knew it from the first moment I saw you.”
His stomach roiled. He didn’t need this.
“I’m not ashamed to say I like you, Alexander. But, there’s no pressure … you don’t even have to like me. Let’s enjoy this time together and, if you want, you can go back to your hotel later.”
He resumed breathing. No pressure. Did she mean it? He was fed up of women he fucked wanting more from him, begging to be his groupie after the act.
“Is that fine with you?” she asked. 
He shut his eyes and then opened them. “Yes, yes …” 
She crawled forward, to him. She halted a few inches away, giving him his space.
“Tell me what it’s like to be an angel,” said Renate.

***

“Imagine what it’s like to be almost invincible.” Alex tipped forward, his legs spread out on the bed. “How it feels to be nearly at the top of the food chain.”
“Nearly? Almost? Angels are more powerful than humans and Nephilim.”
“But …” His thin lips firmed. “Amongst the angels, there are hierarchies … levels … in other words; some angels are stronger than others. I’m a lower order angel, the lowest rank. But, there are some that are more powerful than me and my brothers … angels of the Second Heaven or middle order angels, otherwise known as the Pure Ones. Years ago, they declared war on us. Almost wiped us out. But now, there is a treaty in effect between us, the lower order angels, and the Pure Ones.”
“So, you’re safe from them.”
“For now.”
“Then, aside from the Pure Ones, you and your kind are the strongest beings on the planet.”
He grinned. “Imagine that bullets and blades can’t kill you … Imagine that one, or maybe two, of your five physical senses is sharper and more sensitive than those of other people around you. You have an edge over your competition. Achieving your goals is easier. Not much scares you.”
She laughed at the gleam in his eyes. He was loosening up. 
You’re a smart girl, Renate. 
“And don’t forget the wings,” she chipped in.
He chuckled. “Yes, the ability to fly. It’s what an angel values the most. It’s freeing, exhilarating … Goodness, how do I describe it? It’s calming and invigorating, at the same time. Whenever I feel tense or angry, I like to fly. When I’m horny and there’s no woman to hand, I fly.”
“That must happen very rarely.”
He peered at her. “What?”
She smiled. “Not having a woman to have sex with.”
His cheekbones flexed in his slim face. “Yes, you’re right. There’s always some woman to have sex with.” He sighed. “But, it’s also extremely lonely. Any relationship you have with a woman has an expiry date. Some angels have wives and children. But what happens? Your woman and your children grow old and die. You, on the other hand, barely age. You outlive your grandchildren and great-grandchildren. You outlive your friends …”
 “I’ve been lonely too. My mother and I can’t freaking stand each other. I’m not close with my elder brother. My father is dead. There’s no one who loves me,” she whispered.
He shook his head. “I doubt that. You’re very attractive.”
“It’s true. I’m alone. I’ve been alone for over ten years.”
“But you have friends, don’t you?”
“I do, I do … but I want someone I can be myself with … someone who accepts me the way I am …” She shrugged. “Don’t mind me. I know my experience and yours are vastly different. I know that. That’s why you hold back your emotions, am I correct? You won’t allow yourself to love.”
He hooked his fingers together, staring down at his hands. “The first time I felt love for a non-angel was when I carried Adam in my arms, just after his birth. I looked down at him and … that was it.”
“You’re close to his father, Titus Kalu?” 
“Yes, he’s my brother. He and I were in the same batch of angels that came down to earth almost three hundred years ago. I love Titus and all his family. But Adam is special. I will do anything for him.”
“He loves you too.”
He smiled. “I guess he does. We live in the same building in Lagos. Different flats, same compound. We do a lot of things together.”
“Like sharing women …”
“Yes.” The golden gaze latched onto her face. “But, in the end, as always … I’ll outlive him.”
She inched closer. “Do you also work with the Neter Group?”
“No, I work with the government. The angel government, that is. I’m an agent of the CSA.”
“The Celestial Security Agency … I’ve heard about them. Do you like your job?”
“Yes, very much.” Alex sloped his head to the left. “I also edit Wing Mode.”
“No …” She gawked at him. “That’s a freaking popular angel magazine. Otherwise known as GQ for angels. Wow, that’s interesting.”
He chuckled. “You say freaking a lot.”
“Do I?” Renate laughed. 
He threw her a look from the side of his eyes. “I’ve read some of your books. I just finished the fourth book in the Burn with Lust series.”
“You did? Wow.” She glanced down at the silk bed sheet. “Did you enjoy them?”
“Oh yes. Definitely.”
Her head whipped upward. “Really? What did you like about them?”
“The characters … they’re complex and simple, at the same time. The stories are authentic and engaging … I read the first book from cover to cover and then I ordered the next three the day after. And the sex scenes …” He whistled.
She giggled. “They’re not much different from what you and I just did.”
“True. I like the main theme of the books. The love triangle between the female lead and her two angel lovers. You always write about angels?”
“No, I’ve written about humans, or humans and Nephilim. Everything goes.” She moved nearer. She could reach her hand out now and touch his marbled skin. “It’s freaking amazing. You’re a writer too. Wow.”
“I don’t write novels.”
“A writer is a writer.” She tossed him a glance. Just hours ago, she’d been staring helplessly at her computer screen, unable to write even one sentence of her new novel. But now, the ideas were surging into her brain, fast and furious. And it was because of him. Alexander. This freaking hot angel. 
She cleared her throat. “I have an idea for a new book,” she said.
“Tell me about it.”
“It’s about a woman who’s bored with her life. Nothing thrills her anymore. She needs a pick-me-up. She’s a writer, too. Like me. Like you. One night, she meets someone new. An angel with champagne-colored eyes …”
His eyebrows shot to his hair. 
“From the very first, she’s drawn to him. To his sexy good looks and his quiet manner. They have explosive, table-thumping sex …”
A laugh burst from his throat. This woman was really something else. 
“She discovers that they have something in common.” She crept into his arms and pressed her face against his. 
His jaw shifted. Fingers clenched and then, slowly, unclenched. Unable to halt the words coming out of his mouth, he asked, “Then, what happened?”
She claimed his lips with her mouth, her tongue brushing over them. 
He opened his mouth.
Raising her head, Renate breathed over his open mouth.  “Then, she kissed him.”
Chapter 8
She planted kisses on his eyelids, his carved cheeks and the sides of his jaw. Her mouth sucked on each finger of each long, slender hand. Her lips skated over the palms of his hands. 
His breath blasted out of his mouth. His skin tingled, increasing in sensitivity with each kiss. 
Her hands pressed him down, onto the sheets. Now, he was sprawled on his back. 
Renate clambered over him. “… She kissed every inch of his smooth skin,” she whispered. Her tongue orbited his nipples, tracing fiery circles all around the hard nubs, drawing out the suspense. 
Alex groaned, his eyelids fluttering. 
Finally, her mouth detained, first one nipple and, then, the other. Swirling her tongue over them, tugging them lightly into her wet mouth. 
His torso jerked upward. His balls throbbed. 
She turned him on his side. Her tongue drifted over his shoulder blades, down his back, trailing each line of his tattoo. She slithered downward to the compact slabs of his buttocks. Every freaking part of his pineapple-colored skin was delectable. 
She continued her tale, “… next, she ate his ass …”
She stuck her tongue into the little custard-colored mouth of his anus, savoring the sour, salty taste. A gasp surged out of his mouth. She pushed her face into his ass, eating him with gusto. 
He squirmed, feeling his cock harden. Her tongue was a warm, wet muscle stabbing into his asshole. And, then her hands were sneaking between his thighs, kneading his heavy balls and stroking his rock-hard penis. Her hands were like velvet. Goodness. She worked expertly, cupping his balls, massaging his cock, bringing him to the brink. 
He was about to pop. 
Her hands registered the tremor in his dick. She pushed him back down on his back, whispering, “After that, she sucked his beautiful angel cock …”
Her mouth gripped his gigantic organ, starting from the mushroom-headed tip, down to the veined shaft. When she’d checked him out earlier, her eyes had clocked his length at ten inches. But he’d been only semi-erect then. Now, he was a hundred percent engorged, more like over eleven inches. She slackened her jaw, opening her mouth wider. 
Her tongue flicked against the V at the edge of his tip. The head of his cock pulsated against the roof of her mouth. 
His hips undulated uncontrollably. The lashing of her tongue over the length of his dick was shoving him over the cliff. He grabbed her head with one hand and thrust into her silky mouth. 
Her eyes rolled as he fucked her mouth. Her copious saliva swathed his entire penis. 
Now! His teeth came down on his bottom lip as he jetted his semen straight into her throat. 
He gave a cry and sat up, impatient to drain all his cum. Her throat moved, rippling like a wave, as she swallowed his juices. She was something else. Wow.
Renate took in the flood of hot cum filling her mouth and barreling down her gorge. Her tongue recognized the taste of manna, the only thing angels eat. The taste of rich honey and milk. 
She sucked on Alexander’s cock, feeling it twitch in her mouth. Her glance hopped to his face. His eyes were staring up at the ceiling, his teeth gnawing on his lip. 
And then, gradually, the gush became a trickle and the trickle became drops.
She lifted her head off his cock. A milky-white drop lingered on the slit at its tip. She licked off that drop.
He crashed on his back. She moved to lie over his body. Their heated, sweat-drenched skins welded together. 
“With these skills, you ought to have men lining up at your door, head over heels in love with you,” he murmured.
“Maybe the ones lining up are not the ones I like.” She stroked his cheek with one finger. “You should quit thinking about your outliving everyone you care about. Concentrate, instead, on the happy moments you have with these people and on the wonderful memories you’ll take with you however long you live.”
His gold gaze grazed her face. “I didn’t know you were this wise.”
She flung him a smile. So, what next? Would he go or stay? Dammit, she had to know! Her stomach churned. “Uh … do you want me to call my driver to bring over my car?”
Alex blinked. For the first time in a long while, he’d completely forgotten about Adam. 
“Or … you can stay the night.”
“What’s the time?”
She tossed a glance at the clock on the east wall. “Past one A.M.”
He didn’t want to leave this bed and he definitely didn’t want to leave her. “Yes. I’ll stay.”
“Good.” She breathed out a relieved sigh. Renate glanced into his eyes. She loved the way they sparkled and caught the room lights. 
She pressed her mouth to his. 
The kiss was soft, gentle. He kissed her back. 
Then, the pace changed. The kisses deepened. He stabbed his tongue into her throat. She sucked on his thick tongue. 
Her lips of her vagina fattened. Her core watered. 
His organ woke. Rising and rising. Their mouths and tongues dueled. Then, they separated. 
Renate mounted him. She sucked hot air into her lungs as her hand drove the tip of his dick into her waiting quivering pussy. “Dammit, Alexander … you’re freaking amazing …”
She rode him, head thrown back, levering herself up and down from flexed knees. Up and down. Side to side. 
Using one hand, he squeezed one of her breasts. His other hand worried her swollen moist clit.
“Oh god, Alexander …” she screamed. “Fill me with your delicious cum!”
He thrust his hips at her, his fingers gripping her thighs. “Come with me, Renate. Come with me!”
She acquiesced, feeling her body tighten and relax. Her orgasm inundated her whole body. Dazedly, she spotted the flash of gold in Alexander’s eyes that heralded his climax. And, right on time, in the next second, his warm dick erupted inside her. 
She flopped down on him, utterly spent. He was breathing like an Olympic sprinter who’d run five, four hundred meter races in one day.
“Wow …” Alex gasped. 
She stared up at him, exhausted to the bone. She eyed him, watching his eyelids droop.  “For me, this had been a night to remember,” she murmured.
“For me too.”
With a smile on her lips, she surrendered to sleep’s compelling clutches. 
Chapter 9
“How’s it going, guys?” Renate folded her arms across her breasts covered by her red silk dressing gown and pitched a grin at the two men sitting in high-back chairs in front of two computer monitors. The second set of guards, Kofi and Emeka. 
“Good,” Kofi, stout and ebony-black, replied. “Nothing out of the ordinary.”
“A couple of people left an hour ago, around three ‘o’ clock,” said Emeka, brawny and oblong-faced. “There are still eight people left, in three of the private rooms.”
“Okay, thanks.” She nodded at them and lobbed a glance at the sky visible through a large window adjacent to the monitors. A coal-black sky, bereft of light either from the moon or stars. “Keep up the good work, guys.”
“Yes, boss,” Emeka said.
She hurried away, back toward her room, keen to snuggle back into bed with Alexander. He was the answer to her prayers. 
What she’d been longing for. Who she’d been longing for. 
Hours ago, she’d been in a bleak, lonely hole. Now, for the first time in a long, long time, she was happy. 
Freaking ecstatic, actually. 
She reached her door and then skidded to a stop, frowning. 
She had closed the door behind her, hadn’t she? Yes, she had. But now, it hung ajar. 
Renate stepped inside. 
Stanley Ovia, the analyst from Neteru Communications who’d greeted Adam earlier, was standing over Alexander, a gold-handled dagger in one hand! 
Rooted to the spot in shock, the thoughts zipped through her brain. That was Alexander’s dagger! Every angel had one and it was the only thing that could kill an angel. How had Stanley gotten a hold of it? He’d probably searched through Alexander’s clothing.
Stanley’s hand descended, aiming for Alexander’s heart. 
No! She launched her body at him, leaping onto his back. 
He swerved toward her. “Get away from me! He’s an angel and he deserves to die!” His elbow jabbed into her belly. 
The force of the blow shoved her backward, off his back and onto the carpet. She groaned, feeling bile shoot up her throat, feeling like the punch had dislodged her stomach from its usual position. 
She clutched her midriff, gasping for breath. Her gaze stared up at Stanley. He had to be the Soldiers for Unity spy Marcel had warned her about. 
His hand with the dagger zoomed toward Alexander once again.
 “Alex!” she screamed.
Alex’s eyes sprang open, sighting the sharp, shiny blade rushing toward him. He lifted his right hand to block the blow, an automatic defense mechanism.
The blade landed in his hand, stabbing straight through, entering from the palm and exiting from the back. 
Renate gasped. 
With his left hand, Alexander seized Stanley’s throat. He arose from the bed, with his captive, the dagger wedged in his bleeding right hand. Crackling and whooshing, his wings cannoned from his back and billowed out. 
She watched as he ferried Stanley up in the air, his wings flapping. 
Stanley’s legs kicked helplessly. One hand thrashed impotently at Alex’s left hand around his throat. 
Then, Alex let go. 
Stanley crashed into the carpet. 
She gazed at Alexander. Naked, winged, bleeding. 
A beautiful avenging angel. 
He swooped on Stanley. His left hand found Stanley’s throat once more and raised him to his feet. 
In the next second, Emeka and Kofi charged into her room, armed with pistols. They must have heard her scream. 
They stared at Stanley, in Alex’s grip. Then, shots rang out. 
Bloody holes appeared in Stanley’s head and neck. He slumped. 
Alex released his throat and stepped back. 
Stanley’s corpse, blood spraying from his wounds, tumbled to the carpet. 
“Are you okay, boss?” Kofi asked. 
Renate inhaled air and nodded. She glanced from one man to the other. “Thank you, guys.”
“We heard the sounds of a fight,” Emeka explained.
“That was quick thinking.” She bit her lip. Dammit, her heart was still racing, like a freaking Formula One racecar. 
Calm down, Renate. Handle your shit. 
“Kofi, get a bandage for Alex’s hand. Emeka, take Stanley’s freaking body out of here. I assume there’s no one wandering around the house …”
Emeka nodded. Kofi dashed out of the room. 
“Good. After that, you and Kofi will have to deal with the blood on my carpet.”
“Yes, boss.” Emeka heaved Stanley’s body onto one shoulder and lumbered out the door.
Kofi hurtled back into the room, a first aid kit in one hand. Without even a flicker of a wince, Alex tore the dagger out of his right hand. Blood spurted out. Kofi cleaned Alex’s hand with peroxide and then wound a bandage around it. 
Alex came toward Renate and knelt in front of her. Kofi exited, silently.
She gazed at his bandaged hand. 
“It’s okay. I heal fast. It’ll be healed before the end of the day.” He peered at her face, brow furrowing. “What happened? Are you okay?”
She chuckled weakly. “I jumped on his back. He hit me.”
“You jumped on his back?”
“I’m feeling better.”
He shook his head. “That man obviously hated angels.”
“I’m sorry, Alexander. He was a member of the Soldiers for Unity. He infiltrated my party … I’m so sorry. He could have killed you.”
“What?” His lips widened in a smile. “Don’t blame yourself.”
“No, it was my fault. He’s been coming here for two months! I had him checked out. He seemed fine.”
“You did your best. No system is one hundred percent foolproof.”
“But Marcel warned me … you know Marcel?”
“Shh.” He scooped her off the carpet. 
She wrapped her arms and legs around him. His wings beat the air. 
Renate felt the air move. They drifted upward, almost to the ceiling. She giggled, burying her face in his shoulder. 
I’m hovering in the air. Freaking amazing. 
“You saved my life, Renate,” whispered Alex. “Thank you.”
Chapter 10
He was parked on the one side of the bed; she was in his lap. His wings were at rest. Her dressing-gown had been abandoned on the bed. 
She kissed one side of his mouth and gazed into his gold and white eyes. “Have you ever made love to woman with your wings out?” she asked.
“In my glorified state, you mean …”
“Is that what you call it?”
“Yes.” He shook his head. “And … no, I haven’t. It’s extremely dangerous for the woman. An angel in his glorified state is at his most primal. The few who’ve done this ended up severely injuring or even killing the woman.”
She sucked on his bottom lip. Underneath her ass, she felt his cock revive. 
Alex pulled in his wings and chuckled. “You’re something else, Renate. Are you looking to start some trouble, hmm? You should be sore by now.”
She laughed. “I am, mostly. But … I can take one more. As long as we take it easy. I need to have my fill of you so that when you leave, I’ll have lots of memories to keep my mind busy.”
“So …”Alex grunted as she stuffed the head of his penis into her moist vagina. “You … don’t plan to have … sex with … with someone else in the … wow … future?”
She rocked back and forth, her pussy expanding and flowing over his erect dick. “Uh … no, I don’t … oh god, Alexander … uh, plan to …” Her fingernails scratched his back.
“Goooood …” He drove his cock up into her, hauling his hips toward her groin. 
Renate plugged his mouth with hers. His fingers mashed her breasts. His thick organ pendulumed inside her tight, greedy vagina. 
“Alexanderrr …”
“You have the sweetest vagina … in the … Renate, yes …” His balls detonated. Cum blasted out of his shuddering cock and into her deep wetness. 
“Unh!” She dug her nails into his back, thighs quaking, ass bobbing as her fluids soaked his penis. 
He kissed her wet mouth. 
Still in the throes of her wild orgasm, she whispered into his sweat-slicked shoulder, “If I happen to stop by your place in Lagos one day … maybe, on my way to the airport, back here … would I have to queue behind a long line of groupies before I can get to see you?”
He laughed softly. “No, you can move to the head of the queue. On that note … I have a question to ask you.”
“I’m waiting.” She raised her head to stare into his face.
Alex opened his mouth to reply. A loud buzz cut him off. He glanced at his clothes, laid out on one of the chairs. “My phone’s ringing. Excuse me.”
He lifted her off him, settled her on the bed and then, bounded toward his phone. 
Renate glanced down at her groin. Her vagina was swollen, heavy. Her thighs ached. His semen dribbled from her core, down her thighs and wetting the bed sheet under her. 
She smiled. Multiple times, throughout this special night, he had emptied bucket-loads of his semen into her. Her pussy was overflowing. At this rate, if she wasn’t on the pill, the chances of her getting pregnant would have been very high. 
He spoke into the phone. “Augustine, what do you want?”
“Hello to you too,” The angel’s familiar husky voice reached Alex’s ear.
“It’s …” He glanced up at the clock. “It’s four-thirty in the morning.”
“Did I interrupt your fucking? I can bet you were fucking a woman. Were you?”
Alex rolled his eyes. “What is it, Augustine? What do you want?”
“I wouldn’t be calling if it wasn’t important.” 
“Okay …”
“I’ve heard news about a group of blood-drinking Nephilim operating in Abuja.”
“I’m not in Nigeria right now.”
“When will you be back?”
“Tomorrow.”
“That’s perfect. I need you to come to Abuja and check it out—”
“—that’s not my job.”
Augustine continued as if Alex hadn’t spoken, “Xavier, Dominic and I are flying into Abuja this afternoon for the unveiling of a new hotel built by Neter Construction. We’ll spend this night there and—”
“Then you can search for the blood-drinking Nephilim while you’re there.”
“The hotel launch is too important. Nothing can disrupt it. And, anyway, I won’t be staying long in the city. Tomorrow afternoon, after the hotel unveiling, the newest graduates from the Neter Defense Academy are receiving their credentials in Lagos and, as the director, I have to be there.” He added, “Also, I have to run a background check on Xavier’s proposed new executive assistant. I have a lot on my plate.”
Alex groaned. “Get one of your Neter Defense agents to help. I’m an agent of the CSA. My job involves securing angels … that’s all. Blood-drinkers are not my concern.”
“Well, Titus says they are.”
“What?” He frowned. 
“He’s the Prime Minister, isn’t he?” Augustine asked. “That means he’s your boss.”
“Did Titus tell you to give me this assignment?”
“Yes, he did. You can call him later to confirm, of course.”
Alex scrubbed his face with one hand. “Okay, fine. What do you need me to do?”
“Tomorrow morning, travel to Abuja and find out who these fucking blood-drinkers are. By then, the three of us would have been done with the launch.”
“And?”
“Put them down. What else?” 
“Okay. By the way, someone from the Soldiers for Unity just tried to kill me.”
“How did he or she know you were an angel?”
“A he. I’m at Renate Giwa’s harem party.”
“Ah, I see. Where is he? I’d like to have a chat with him.” There was menace in Augustine’s voice.
“Dead.”
“Pity. It’s been a while since I’ve enjoyed a spot of torture. Anyway, the Soldiers for Unity have been on our radar for a very long time. We even have someone loyal to us secreted in their organization. They’re coming down. Very soon. Keep me posted if you hear anything more about them.”
“Of course.”
“Great. Later, bro.” He cut the line.
Alex’s glance latched on a new text on his phone. From Adam. 
I’m back in the hotel. Hope she’s blowing your mind. See you later.
He chortled and then, stuck his phone into the right pocket of his jacket. His dagger was safely tucked in the left pocket. He walked over to Renate.
She hurled a glance up at him. “You look annoyed.”
“I am. A little.” He funneled the fingers of one hand through his curls. “That was Augustine. He needs my help in catching a group of blood-drinking Nephilim.”
“I had heard some of them drink human blood. So it’s true?”
“Yes, unfortunately. Adam mentioned that Augustine attends your parties. So you know him.” 
“Yes, I do. And I know of his two brothers—at least, that’s what he calls them—Xavier, the CEO of the Neter Group, and Dominic, the head of Neter Pharma.”
He sank onto the bed next to her. “I may have to travel to Abuja tomorrow.”
“Oh.” Renate licked her lips. “Uh … you were about to ask me something. Before the call …”
“Yes!” He scratched his curls and slowly, cleared his throat. “Would you like to come to Lagos sometime and stay with me for a few days?”
Her eyes rounded and then, her heart somersaulted. She smiled; a wide, delighted smile. “Yes, of course.”
Alexander laughed, a lightness emerging in his chest. He was feeling something he hadn’t felt for a long time. 
Hope. 

###

Thank you for reading Hooking Alexander, Book 1 in the Adoring Angels Chronicles. I hope you enjoyed it! I appreciate all reviews. 
Please take the time to leave a review where you downloaded it from.

Keep turning for a sneak peek of Five Stars in Danger and Debauchery

Five Stars in Danger and Debauchery, Book 2, Adoring Angels Chronicles
Three angels up to no good in a five-star hotel...

Three devastatingly hot angels, Xavier, Dominic and Augustine, attend an unveiling of a five-star hotel. 
At the party, they’re gifted with a couple of gorgeous female companions, escorts from an agency dedicated to entertaining angels, women groomed to please and satisfy these exceedingly well-endowed beings. 
But, these delectable morsels are not the only things on the menu for the three angels. 
They stumble onto a group of blood-drinkers responsible for the recent spate of missing girls in the city, and, in the process, are plunged into a confrontation with a deadly foe. 
A confrontation that could lead to the resumption of a cataclysmic war...


Excerpt from Five Stars in Danger and Debauchery
Dominic swung the door shut behind her, his heart thumping in a staccato rhythm. His nostrils twitched at the scent of lavender that trailed her. What had he gotten himself into? He should have made up an excuse. He should have come up with something! How had he allowed this to happen?
His gaze tumbled toward her. She was tiny. Probably, five-foot-three or four. From his lofty six-foot-seven height, he could see down to the part in the middle of her straight black hair, to the clean yellow-brown scalp. 
He gulped. 
He could also see the bends of two creamy-yellow breasts through the V-neck of her hot-pink dress. At the top of the V was a gold zipper crowning a stretch of gold zip that ended at the bottom of the dress, just an inch above her knees.  
If he tugged on that zip, he could peel her dress open, like a banana…
“Hello.” She smiled up into his eyes. 
“Hi.” His voice sounded odd to his ears. Her features were fine and small. Cute eyes, snub nose, narrow lips. Was it just this stranger’s size that reminded him of her? 
The woman he was in love with. The woman who was, at present, dating someone else. 
The woman who could never be his. 
She stepped forward, arms wide, as if she intended to hug him. 
He stuck out a hand. She froze, a frown rumpling her brow. 
Then, she put her smile back on and shook his hand. “Hello, I’m Chika.”
“I’m Dominic.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Dominic.” Her gaze coursed from his face to his body. A pink tongue flitted out and licked her glossy hot-pink bottom lip.
Not knowing what to do with his hands, he thrust them into the pockets of his trousers. He couldn’t deny it. She was exceptionally pretty. A too tempting package. Already, he could feel his penis wake up and hump his trousers. 
Dominic, don’t give in. 
They stared at each other awkwardly. 
Dominic willed his dick to shrink. He had made a commitment to himself. If he couldn’t have her, the woman he loved, he would remain celibate. 
Forever. 
His stubborn penis paid no attention. 
You idiot!
“I suppose we better …” Chika murmured, one hand dragging her zipper down.
His eyes opened in shock and before his mouth could protest, he sighted black lace covering the nipples of her round breasts. 
“Stop!” He lifted a hand and took a step back. His cock spasmed. 
Her hand halted. She stared up at him, eyes wide and confused. “Have I done something wrong?”
“No.” He shook his head, wishing his erection could vanish. He shouldn’t have agreed to have a girl in his room. “It’s not you … Ur, do you want to …”
He careered to the bed and crashed onto it. His engorged organ tented his grey trousers. 
Damn. Damn. Damn. 
Waving at the damask-covered chair by the bed, he muttered, “… Do you want to sit down?” Sweat prickled his collarbone. 
She inched forward, uncertain. “Is everything alright?”
“Yes, everything’s fine.” 
She landed beside him on the bed. 
His throat dried up. Her left thigh rubbed against his right. This close, he could watch every swell and fall of her breasts. 
He vaulted off the bed and fled into the armchair. 
“Don’t you want me?” 
He sighed. “I just think we should get to know a bit about each other.”
“And it’s not because you don’t find me attractive.”
He pinched the strained fabric of his trousers above his throbbing organ. “Does this look like I don’t find you attractive?”
She laughed. “No, it doesn’t. Dominic, I think you’ve very handsome.”
“Thank you.” His balls were stiffening. This was torture!
“And I want to make love to you … Do you want that?”
At this moment, more than anything. “You’re very pretty, Chika, but, I prefer to just talk.”
Her lips trembled, displaying her disappointment. She focused her gaze on his face. “Would you have preferred another girl? Is that the problem?”
“No, I assure you. You’re … Ur … Very nice.”
“But you don’t want to have me.”
“I want to!” He blinked. Had he just said that? “What I mean is … Maybe some other time.”
“Then … Do you want me to leave?” Her mouth puckered as she yanked her zipper back up. “But, my time with you has been paid for.”
“No, don’t leave. Just tell me about yourself.”
“Okay …” her soft voice hummed with dissatisfaction. “My name is Chika and I’m an escort. What else do you want to know?”
“Your family. Tell me about them.”
“I’m the last born. I have three elder brothers. My dad and mom are separated and live in different cities.”
“Who in your family are you closest to?”
She ogled the lump in his trousers. “I could help with that. At least, let me suck you off.”
His heart jack-hammered. Was her giving him a blowjob any different from the many, many handjobs he’d given himself? 
Maybe not. 
But, once he’d opened the door… would he have the strength to stop at just oral sex?
He threw her a patient smile. “Chika, answer my question.”
She wrinkled her snub nose. “I only want to make you happy.”
“I’m happy, Chika. Talking to you makes me happy.”
She breathed out a doubtful sigh. “We’re not a very close family.”
“That’s sad.”
“The one person I was closest to in the world was my best friend, Kate.”
He frowned. “You said was …”
Her shoulders drooped. “She’s missing, presumed dead.”
“How long has she been missing?”
“Nine months. I’ve complained to the police, to our manager, but no one seems to be doing anything to help.”
“Was she an escort too?”
Chika nodded solemnly. Her stare had left him and were now aimed unseeingly at the window directly opposite. “Yes. As a matter of fact, she was the one who introduced me to the business. I was struggling, earning peanuts as a customer care personnel in a telecoms servicing company. Once I graduated from university, I was basically alone. My parents and brothers left me to fend for myself. ”
Still gazing forward, she chuckled. “I was always borrowing money from Kate. She was … She is such a darling.”
He watched her young face momentarily age. “What happened to her?”
“One evening, she went on a call to Bright Morning Hotel and never returned.”
Bright Morning Hotel. He’d heard that name only a few hours ago. 
 “For two months after her disappearance, I tried unsuccessfully to get our manager to send me to the hotel. Then, one day, I heard the hotel had closed down and that one of its previous owners was constructing a new hotel. This hotel. And, luckily, this night, I got the chance to come here,” she said.
Dominic slanted a quick glance downward. Thankfully her sad story had deflated his prodigious erection. Whew. 
 “So, what did you plan to do once you got here?” he asked.
She glanced at him and licked her lip. “Make love to you …”
He grinned. “Aside from that.”
“Ask around. Find out if someone knows something. Some of the staff from Bright Morning are here.”
An idea dropped into his head. “Why don’t we, you and I, pay the owner, Isaac, a visit and ask him if he knows anything about what happened to your friend? I guess he’s on the same floor with me and my brothers. All I need to do is to call down to Reception for his room number.”
Her eyes watered. “Are you serious, Dominic?”
“Yes, I am. I want to help you find out what happened.”
“You’re sweet. I want to kiss you.”
He chuckled. “No kissing necessary. It’s my pleasure to help.”
And it would help take my mind off sex.
***
“What do we have here?” Augustine husked as one hand shrugged off a sleeve of the first girl’s dress, revealing a naked caramel-colored hand-size breast. Using his thumb and forefinger, he fondled the dark nipple. It peaked, reaching for his touch. 
The girl giggled, pushing her chest toward him.
“And you …” He glanced at the second girl, on his right. His free hand snaked to her back and grabbed a buttock. “What do you have for me?”
“Everything,” said the second girl with a laugh.
His fingers roamed over the taut flesh, through the clingy material, probing, seeking. Hmm. Yum. She wasn’t wearing any panties. 
His gaze flicked from one girl to the other. Identical twins. Both naked under their clothing. Horny. Gagging for it. 
Don’t you worry, ladies. I’ll give you the time of your young lives. 
He glanced over their faces. Kohl-rimmed Nephilim eyes, upturned lips. Not so young. Maybe early twenties. 
“Are your parents both Nephilim?” he asked.
“No,” replied the second girl. “Just our dad. Mom is human. Dad is also Nigerian but our mother is African-American.”
“Do your parents live in this city?”
The first girl giggled. “No, thank God. They live in Lagos. We’re students close by, in Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria.”
The three of them stood near the door of Augustine’s suite. The girls had arrived five minutes ago to discover he was ready and waiting. 
He’d answered the door completely nude.  
He tugged at the first girl’s thick nipple. She moaned in her throat. “What’s your name?” he asked. 
“Daisy.” One hand dived to his groin, stroking the hairless skin just above his partly erect cock. 
“Daisy …” he repeated, smiling at her hand easing down to his growing member. Her touch was slightly cool. Something else, apart from the eyes, that publicized the fact that she was Nephilim. 
“And I’m Lily,” her twin sister murmured, tracing the fingers of one hand in circles on his hard, muscled chest and belly. 
“Named after flowers …”
“Unhnn …” Lily’s fingers counted out the packs in his six-pack torso. “What’s your name, handsome?”
“Augustine.”
Daisy patted his burgeoning organ, watched it jerk upward. “You’re a beast, Augustine.”
He lifted an eyebrow at her. “Does my cock frighten you, Lily?”
“I’m Daisy. No, it doesn’t frighten me. In fact, I can’t wait to ride it.” She giggled. “Eish, it’s like an anaconda.”
“Then, what are we waiting for?” he growled.
***
“Voke, let down your hair,” Xavier murmured, gazing at the five-eight woman standing in front of him. She was dressed in all black: chiffon shirt, pencil skirt and black pointed-toe pumps. Like a corporate executive. 
Nice. 
Meeting his gaze, she plucked a black pin out of the bun at the back of her head and her hair tumbled down to her shoulders. Lustrous, ink-black. 
His pulse skipped. Everything about her was nicely proportioned. Oval face, hourglass figure. The figure… 
He needed to see more. 
“Take off your clothes … slowly.”
“Yes, Xavier,” she whispered. Her fingers grasped the side zipper in her blouse. Pulled down. She stripped off the blouse. Then, her hands moved to the back of her skirt.
He watched her, heart thundering like an impatient thoroughbred racehorse in a stall. Voke Samuels. Based on what she’d told him earlier, she was twenty-six, an orphan and had been employed as an escort for three years.
She threw him a bewitching smile and tugged her skirt down. It joined the blouse on the teal shag carpet. 
His stomach clenched. All she had on now were a strapless bra, a bustier, knickers with ties at the sides and her seven-inch heels. Nice. Long, athletic dark chocolate legs, flat belly… wow.
“Take off your underwear,” he spoke the words in a gruff voice. 
She obeyed.
Her large nipples starred in the middle of two sizeable breasts. An inverse-triangular patch of black hair capped her pubes. 
He felt his cock harden and nudge the inside of his satin robe. 
Fucking nice. 
“Turn round. I want to see your back.”
“Yes, Xavier.” Still in her high heels, she twisted around.
His gaze cruised from her back to her ass. Not too big, not too small. Just right. Air whistled out of his mouth. Her scent was filling his nostrils. Sending blood to his stiffening penis. Jasmine and orange blossom. It was at moments like this that he was exceedingly grateful for his super smell sense. 
He battled to let the words out through a constricted throat, “Face me. Touch your pussy.”
She rotated around. One hand coasted down, down, down, past her navel, past the patch of hair and plunged into her vagina. 
His breathing accelerated. 
The second hand swooped on a breast and tweaked a rapidly plumping dark chocolate nipple. Her fingers stroked and rolled her clit.
Xavier heard the song of wet flesh. His nose latched on to the rich smell of her musk. 
Ah… His cock swelled to astronomical proportions.
He exhaled air out of his lungs and spread his thighs apart. “Suck me.”
###

Buy your copy of Five Stars in Danger and Debauchery today. The book is available at these sites:
Books2Read Universal Link for Five Stars: https://www.books2read.com/u/bPJqDd
And, here: https://okadabooks.com/book/about/five_stars_in_danger_and_debauchery__adult_only_18/18243 

Keep turning for a sneak peek of Pleasing Xavier

Pleasing Xavier, Book 3, Adoring Angels Chronicles 
She wants to be his girlfriend but all he can offer is life-changing, couch-overturning sex …

Soft-spoken Tamara Abbey is unemployed, single and living in a world where humans and Nephilim, beings born of the mating of angels with human females, try to exist side by side. 
She’s one of the many people who believe that all the angels have left the earth, never to return. 
But at the interview for an executive assistant job, she comes face to face with domineering and handsome Xavier Osagie, a hunk of sculptured brown marble, the CEO and her boss and her life changes forever. 
She falls headlong into a world of conspiracies, danger and violence, a world in which her new boss, may or may not be, an angel. 
The closer she gets to Xavier, the more her addicted she is to his touch, the more desperate she is to please him. 
Soon, she’s living her life on his terms, a slave to his desires and needs.
Xavier’s opened her up to a new, kinky but—oh, so enticing—world. 
Will she be able to break free of his hold and get back control of her life?

Excerpt from Pleasing Xavier
Tamara flicked a glance at her watch. Two minutes after twelve. This was taking longer than she had expected. She needed to be done with this and back home with her dad’s car before three. How long did she have to wait for—?
Without warning, Xavier swooped into the room through the glass door. 
She stared up at him, her heart flying into her throat. Lord, he was better-looking close up. His tailored bright blue suit served to define his muscled arms and lean body. With the suit, he wore a matching waistcoat, white shirt and brown tie. His scent sneaked into her nostrils. Something strong, manly and exotic. And his eye color was… unusual. One she hadn’t seen before in a black man’s eyes. They were a shade of amber. What some people referred to as wolf’s eyes. Were they real? 
Real or not, his quick glance in her direction just sent a laser burst of energy into her blood.
She gulped, rising to her feet. This interview was going to test her in ways she hadn’t prepared for. 
He dallied at the other end of the conference table, two sheets of paper in one hand and the other hand splayed out on the table. 
Her stare left his face and stayed on his hands. What slender, brown hands. He could make a fortune working as a hand model—
“Tamara Abbey …”
“Sir—” She stuck her hand out.
His eyes sank to her hand and then narrowed.  “Call me Xavier. We call each other by our first names here.” 
His hand darted out and shook hers.
It only lasted a second but the touch of his soft palm against hers remained ingrained in her mind. 
“Sit, please.”
She dropped into the chair behind her, her heart thumping like a praise-singer’s drum. 
“You’ve never been an executive assistant before, have you?”
She glanced up at him. 
His gaze skipped over her face and was away to the wall behind her. He was determined not to make eye contact. He didn’t seem shy, so, for some reason, he just didn’t want to look at her.
“No, sir—Xavier, but I’m a quick learner. And I know I have the prerequisite skills to do this job effectively.”
“It’s a high pressure job. Is it something you’re prepared for?”
“Yes, I am. I’m no stranger to working in high-pressure situations. I love such situations because they challenge me and force me to grow.” She tried again to pin his gaze. Succeeded only for about two seconds. Why was he still standing? Poised, like a magnificent statue.
In the uncomfortable silence that followed her words, she plodded on. “I’m also very experienced in using Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel. I have taken courses on—” she crashed to a halt as she stared into his face. 
What was he doing?
His eyelids covered his eyes and his long lashes fanned his cheeks. His nostrils flared. “Pardon me,” he said and opened his eyes and, for the first time, focused those amber orbs on her face. “Jasmine, orange blossom … Sandalwood …”
Her mouth twisted. What?
He threw her a brief, warm smile. “Your perfume. It’s Dior’s Pure Poison, isn’t it?”
Wow. Her eyes widened. A man with knowledge of women’s perfumes. Hmm. Did his girlfriend use the same perfume? 
 “Yes, you’re correct,” she replied. What a question to ask during an interview. He didn’t appear to be flirting, though. Had he smelt it on her and just wanted to confirm the label? Who knew…?
He grinned. “I’m sure you’re thinking I’m crazy.”
She zoned in on his smile. Whoa. Potent. Seductive. 
She managed to blurt out, “No, I’m not.”
“It’s okay. It was inappropriate.” The smile vanished. He strode forward to loom over her. “I’ll give you a trial period of three months. You’ll start next week in the main office.”
“Thank you, Xavier.” She gazed up at him. Lord. How would he look naked? As the thought flashed through her mind, her vagina tightened and a flood of her juice gushed onto her panties. 
He gasped. His eyes expanded and a wrinkle marred his smooth forehead. In a swift motion, he spun around, presenting her with his back. 
Tamara bit her lip, frowning. It was as if he knew what had just occurred, between her thighs. 
But that was impossible. It couldn’t be. 
But then why did he gasp and turn away? 
No, it couldn’t be. There had to be some other explanation. 
Her stomach roiled with embarrassment.  
 “I’ll send the HR Manager to you,” he muttered and stamped out of the conference room. 
She clapped her hands over her mouth. 
What had just happened? 
***
Eight-thirty two, Monday morning. Heart thudding, Tamara leaned forward in her chair, her arms wound around her chest. 
It was finally here. Her first day as Executive Assistant to the CEO of the Neter Group.  Whew. 
She was at her desk, in a square enclosure bordered by short white walls. On her right stretched a bull-pen of chairs, desks and partitions. At this hour, more than half of those compartments were already occupied. A few feet away, on her left, Xavier’s dark office took up most of the room. The polished wood door stood almost directly opposite the entrance to her enclosure. The walls of the office were part concrete, part reinforced glass. 
According to his itinerary she had received from a HR person some days ago, along with her job description, her boss got into the office at nine ‘o’ clock. She had been here for about an hour. Waiting. Her stomach churning and her pulse dancing. Some of it was the novelty of starting work again after a long absence, yes, but most of it was because of her new boss. What type of a person was he? Would she enjoy working with him? 
She inhaled air in through her nose as her gaze snagged a tall, regal figure striding toward her. 
He had arrived. 
Today he was in a grey suit, matching waistcoat, white shirt and white pocket square and a burgundy tie. Dangling off one wide shoulder was a grey knapsack. 
She jumped to her feet, almost banging her leg against a drawer beneath her desk. 
He reached her and paused. Cool, amber eyes rested on her face.
“Good morning, sir.”
Xavier frowned. “I thought I told you to call me Xavier.”
“Yes … I’m sorry …” She gulped more air into her lungs. 
He unlocked his door and with one switch, turned on the lights and the air conditioners. 
She scooped up the bundle of today’s newspapers that had been dropped off on her desk and trotted into his office after him.
She took a few steps in and halted, her glance surveying the enormous room. It was the largest office she had ever seen. At one end, sat a gigantic black desk and chair. Two grey long couches with grey throw pillows and one grey armchair dominated the middle of the room. Tucked in at the other end were a conference table and a set of white, chrome-plated chairs. Green plants in stainless steel tubs dotted every corner of the room. 
Her gaze swung from the huge TV mounted on one tan wall on the right of the desk, to the glass-fronted wood bookcase behind one couch to the combination printer and photocopier machine sitting next to the table and chairs. The machine was even bigger than the one resting right now in her enclosure. 
She yanked her gaze from the room to Xavier. She watched as he deposited his knapsack into a cabinet and shut its doors. Next to the cabinet, on the wall behind his desk, she sighted a door. What was behind it? Could this already humongous office be any bigger?
He glanced at her, an amused twist to his lips. Pointing at the round table encircled by the couches and the armchair, he said, “You can drop the papers there.”
“Oh, yes … Sure…” She moved forward and set the bundle down on the table. He must be wondering what kind of village girl he had employed as his assistant. 
She hovered by a couch. What to do now? Should she return to her desk? 
Tamara wandered over to the bookcase and her gaze scrolled through the books crammed in it. There were books on manna production, various business and management books, a few books on human psychology and Nigerian history, as well as language instruction books in English, Mandarin, French, German and Russian. Wow, where did he find the time to read all these books and practice the foreign languages?
What to do now? she thought, mopping her sweaty palms on her skirt. Or… yes, she could make him tea or coffee. On another table on the right side of the table and chairs, she had spied an espresso machine, a stainless steel kettle and packets of teas, milk and sugar, a can of coffee plus teacups, saucers, mugs and cutlery. 
She walked to the table. Then, she glanced at Xavier. He was in his chair behind the desk, a small silver thermos in one hand. 
Their gazes met.
She cleared her throat and asked, “Coffee or tea?”
“Neither.” He relaxed in his seat and then added, “Thanks, Tamara.”
Oh Lord. Her name spoken with that soft, kind tone from his mouth had just pushed a shot of adrenaline into her blood. She concentrated on the kettle. 
“You don’t have to make me tea or coffee. This …” He raised his thermos, “is enough for me. So you’re going to be the one doing all the tea and coffee drinking. And you can come in any time to read the papers, if that’s what you like.”
She smiled at him. “Thanks, sir—Xavier.” Eying the abundant choice of tea before her, she grinned again. So far, he seemed nice. 
She lifted the lid of the kettle. There was water in it. Was it fresh or did she have to refill it?
As if he could read her mind, his voice interrupted her thoughts, “The kitchen staff replaces the water every morning but you can refill it at any time from the sink.”
“The sink?” She stared at him.
He nodded. “Right. You don’t know.” He inclined his head to the door behind him. “There’s a sink, shower and toilet in there.”
Was there anything this office didn’t have? Maybe a bed. For nights when she and Xavier worked late. 
Stop, stop, Tamara, her mind warned. 
She had to focus on her job. Her boss was off-limits. And anyway, he wouldn’t want someone like her. Not when he could have any woman he desired. 
She switched the kettle on, forcing her breathing to slow. Quickly, she selected a teabag and mug, feeling his gaze on her back. 
The water boiled and she sucked in a breath of relief. She poured the hot water into the mug and prepared her tea. 
The mug in one hand, she turned round. 
He was staring at the screen of his iPad, one hand playing with the Bluetooth headset in his right ear. 
“Do you need anything this morning, Xavier?”
He glanced up at her, a small frown on his forehead. “What? Oh, right. Did HR send you a copy of my itinerary?”
“Yes, sir—Xavier.”
His amber eyes thinned. “Did you get the clothing allowance HR paid into your account?”
“Clothing allowance? Yes, I did. I got some money three days ago.”
“You need new clothes that befit your new position.” His lips tightened. “Your skirt is too tight.”
Her eyes expanded. What? Automatically, her glance dropped to the skirt of her black suit. Her wardrobe of corporate wear was over two years old and maybe she’d added a few pounds. But he didn’t have to mention it. He wasn’t nice. 
Yes, he was still very, very hot but he wasn’t nice at all. 
“Give me two hours and then you and I can have a chat about my requirements for this job.”
“Of course.” 
“And after lunch, we have the phone conference.”
“Yes, I remember.”
“Okay, that’s all.” 
She stalked out of his office. 
***
“He actually said that?” Etim asked, eyebrows up.
“Yes, he did. And now all I can think of is running home, ripping this skirt off my fat ass and burning it up.”
He chuckled. “It’s not that bad, Tamara.”
Tamara scoffed, “You can’t understand. You’re not a woman.” 
He tipped across the table to whisper, “And I happen to like your ass.”
She rolled her eyes. “Don’t start, Etim. I thought we’d discussed this. You know, we’re just friends.”
He stared down at his plate of white rice and beans, forehead rumpling.
She sighed. Why couldn’t he get it? She would only ever be his friend. Nothing more. 
She glanced around the hall and up to the serving booth at the end that was manned by servers dressed in white. The cafeteria was jam-packed with people and as one set came in, another set drifted out. She couldn’t see Xavier anywhere. “He doesn’t eat here?”
He gazed at her. “Who?”
“Xavier.”
“He’s rarely here, except he has guests.”
She cut into her tender flesh of the chicken thigh on her plate. The food here was good. Well-cooked, spiced just right and smelling scrumptious. And heavily subsidized too. Etim had paid only five hundred naira for her plate of fried rice and barbecue chicken. Plus she had dessert to look forward to. Black Forest cake. Yum. 
“So when do you plan to go clothes shopping?”
“Maybe this evening. Maybe. The shop’s not too far from the office.” She chewed on a morsel of chicken. 
“You can wait till the weekend, can’t you?”
She snorted. “So he can call me fat ass again?”
Etim grinned. “Did he call you fat ass?”
She gave a sharp hiss. “Sort of. I didn’t tell you about the stuff he did during my interview. He interrupted me in the middle of my recital to ask me what perfume I was wearing.”
He scowled. “He did?”
“I mean, not in a flirty way, of course. It was just strange.” She bit her bottom lip. Of course, she didn’t plan to ever mention the embarrassing wetting of her panties and Xavier’s even stranger reaction. “And when I was in the conference room and he was passing by, he stopped to stare at me.”  
“He stopped to stare at you? Why?”
“I don’t know.”
“And you’re sure the CEO of the Neter Group would suddenly halt in his rounds to stare at you.”
She narrowed her eyes at him. “You don’t have to make it sound like it’s something impossible.”
He stabbed at the steak on his plate with a fork. “You think he’s handsome, don’t you?”
Tamara stared at him. “I think he’s good-looking enough.”
He glowered. “Tamara, don’t lie.”
“What? He’s very handsome, okay? Etim, what? He’s my boss.”
“Is that why you took the job? Because you saw him?”
Yes, mostly. She shook her head. “Have you forgotten I’ve been out of work for two years? I couldn’t afford to say no.”
Etim smiled, his brow smoothening. “I forgot about that. I’m sorry for sounding like a jealous boyfriend. After all, I’m only your friend.”
She rolled her eyes. “Etim, please.”
***
Tamara sauntered into Xavier’s office, glancing around. The huge office was empty.
“Xavier! I’m back.”
Silence. Had he stepped out, leaving his door unlocked? 
Her gaze swept the room again and then locked on his navy blue jacket lying on the couch.
Without thinking, she moved forward and grabbed it. Her hands stroked the material. Soft and cool. Hands trembling, she lifted the jacket to her nose and sniffed. Lord, it smelt like him. Rich, exotic, masculine. 
Tamara, what are you doing? What if he comes in now and catches you inhaling his jacket like an obsessed fan?
Jerking the jacket away from her nose, her eyes spotted something in the silk inner lining. The gold handle of a dagger stuffed in a leather sheath. Series of weird symbols had been etched on the handle. 
She gasped. Why was he carrying this weird-looking dagger in his jacket? Another out of character behavior. Maybe it was decorative. It certainly looked like an ornamental piece. He couldn’t be using it to, say, hurt someone, could he? 
Questions and more questions.
She returned the jacket to the couch and at the same time, the door behind his desk opened and Xavier stepped out. 
His gaze flew to his jacket and then to her face. 
Her heart hammered. Thank God she had dropped it when she did. How would she have explained his jacket in her hands, especially with the dagger inside it? 
Walking up to her, his stare fastened to her face, he murmured, “You’re back early.”
“Yes.”
He stopped in front of her, his gaze descending to his jacket again. “Did you call out my name?”
Tamara nodded. “Yes, I did.” 
“I thought I heard you.” He bent over and snatched his jacket off the couch. 
He strode away to hang it on the coat rack. His hands patted down the front of the jacket and then paused. His amber gaze zoomed in on her face.
He knew she’d seen the dagger. She could read it in his eyes. 
Xavier flashed a warm smile. “Did you enjoy the tour of the mills?”
“Yes, I did.” She breathed in air. If he thought her seeing it was inconsequential, that meant it wasn’t being used for a nefarious purpose. Of course, it wasn’t. 
He was a CEO, for goodness sake, not some assassin. 
He relocated to sit behind his desk. Steepling his hands, he looked at her. 
She let her gaze run over his face. The afternoon sunlight streaming from large ceiling-to-floor windows on one side of the room played over his sculpted, princely nose and those razor-sharp cheekbones. 
God must have spent a long time creating him.  
“Have you heard the gossip?” he asked. “That the founders of the Neter Group were angels?”
She shook her head slowly. Her gaze was glued to his. There was something indefinable in his stare. 
“Do you believe angels are still here, Tamara?” 
She offered a short laugh. “No, I don’t.”
“Why?”
She shrugged. “If they were really here, won’t we all know by now?”
His teeth glimmered white in a grin. “So you think you would know an angel if you saw one?”
“Yes.” She lifted her jaw toward him. “And you … Do you think angels are still here?”
He reclined in his chair and then raised his arms above his head. Linking his fingers behind his neck, he grinned again. “Anything is possible, Tamara.”
***
“Apologies to our new members … I didn’t think to call attention to the name of our group earlier.” On the podium, Peter Dodara stood, feet apart. “We are Soldiers for Unity. We fight for all God’s children with our words, our time, our money … Whatever we have to give.” He paused to join the fingers of his hands together, his thumbs flicking off each other. “What I’m about to say may be surprising to our new members …” His dark gaze landed on Tamara for a moment. “But bear with me and listen carefully to my words. There are angels on earth right now.”
Tamara laughed, glancing from Etim on her left to Wole on her right. But their faces were unsmiling. They didn’t seriously believe that, did they?
Peter smiled. “I know it sounds unlikely. But believe me, there are. For probably hundreds of thousands of years, angels have been coming and going. Their purpose was to transfer some of their esoteric knowledge to the human race. Now, it’s common knowledge to all, humans as well as Nephilim, that angels had once visited the earth. But we, Nephilim, were taught by our ancestors that a second set of angels, displeased with the fact that some of the first set were revealing things to mankind that went far beyond what was initially intended and also that they were impregnating women, swooped down to earth and destroyed them all. None survived.”
He wagged a finger. “Or at least, that’s what the stories say. But that’s not true. You see … A large number of this second set of angels, middle order angels from the Second Heaven, stayed behind. Very, very few of us know this. They call themselves the Pure Ones.”
“This can’t be true,” she whispered to Etim. 
“It is. Just listen.”
 “They are murderers, the enemies of both humans and Nephilim. They believe that humans are killing the earth and that Nephilim are an aberration, not human and yet not angels. The Pure Ones fund and pass intelligence to various terrorist groups around the world … Boko Haram, ISIS … etcetera. They fund the manufacture and sale of weapons, including biological weapons. They are heavily involved in the production and distribution of methamphetamine, heroin and cocaine in every city of the world. But their main purpose is … The creation of a virus that will wipe out all Nephilim and the humans who deserve to fall under, according to them, the Great Wrath of God.”
She shook her head. This seemed like something from a science fiction movie. Angels on earth working behind the scenes to kill everyone on earth? Peter was beginning to sound like a conspiracy theorist. What did that say about Etim, Wole and the rest of the Soldiers for Unity? 
“For those who find my words hard to swallow …” Peter’s gaze yet again touched Tamara. “I add that we have members of our group monitoring the dark web. For those who don’t know, the dark web is a portion of the internet that’s not accessible by the general public. Our members have located many chat rooms, moderated by those we believe to be angels. We are tracking the messages posted and the issues discussed in these rooms and we are convinced that the Pure Ones and their supporters are secretly already carrying out their manifesto.”
He stared at something only he could see. “Many of you know that I was once a soldier, when I was younger. Even then, among the soldiers, there was talk of beings with wings and glowing eyes appearing on the battlefield. I didn’t consider it. I too believed that angels had left the earth until the day I saw one … in Darfur.”
She gawked at him. He’d seen an angel?  
His voice was low, “He had the appearance of a man, six-foot-eight inches tall and his eyes glowed with a golden light. Before he attacked us, vast wings rose out of his back. It was the most frightening sight I’ve ever seen in my life.”
Her head thumped. She could feel the force of his belief reach down from the stage and seize her around the throat.
He cleared his throat and went on, “From the intelligence we’ve gathered so far, we know that most of the time, they appear as men. They’re over six feet five; they eat only manna; they have golden eyes; their senses of sight, smell, taste, touch and hearing are superior to those of humans and Nephilim and they have retractable wings that they can deploy when attacking. And …” 
He paused and chuckled. “Women have reported that they’re very well endowed, much more than we Nephilim men …”
The room burst into laughter. She smiled.
“And that their eyes glow when they come. I, for one, have only seen their eyes glow when they’re eager to kill. They are killers, all of them. One of the reasons for the formation of our group, the Soldiers for Unity, is to maintain a watch list of the Pure Ones among us so we could better monitor their actions and be able to contain a threat before it happens.”
Etim tilted sideways to whisper, “Are you shocked?”
“Momentarily speechless,” she said. “I thought this was just about peace between humans and Nephilim. Now, we have angels to contend with as well.”
“I get you. That’s how I felt when Peter first told me about angels.” 
 “Have you seen an angel? Or is it because Peter said it therefore you believe it to be so?” she whispered.
He gaped at her. “Didn’t you just hear him? We also have evidence from the chat rooms and more.” He paused and threw a glance to a silent Wole. “With our own eyes, we have seen humans that we know with a hundred percent certainty are actually angels.”
“Like who?”
He glanced up at Peter and then shook his head. “You will find out when the time comes.”
She eyed him. “What do you mean?”
For a moment he didn’t answer. Then he scrubbed his face with one hand. “Are you aware that the founders of the Neter Group were angels?”
“Is that true? Xavier mentioned something like that earlier today.”
“It is.” He shook his head. “Just be careful, Tamara.”
###

Read Pleasing Xavier in three volumes:
Her Seducing CEO, Pleasing Xavier Vol. 1. Click to purchase: 

https://www.books2read.com/u/49Dd6p 
https://okadabooks.com/book/about/her_seducing_ceoa_paranormal_romance_pleasing_xavier_vol_1___adult_only_18/19738

Her Supernatural Affair, Pleasing Xavier Vol. 2. Click to purchase: 

https://www.books2read.com/u/mKK7XE
https://okadabooks.com/book/about/her_supernatural_affaira_paranormal_romance_pleasing_xavier_vol_2__adult_only_18/19739

Her Sensuous Rebirth, Pleasing Xavier Vol. 3. Click to purchase:

 https://www.books2read.com/u/mvK6PV
https://okadabooks.com/book/about/her_sensuous_rebirtha_paranormal_romance_pleasing_xavier_vol_3__adult_only_18/19927

Or read the Pleasing Xavier Omnibus (Vol. 1-3) at a discount. Click HERE.

Have you signed up for Sable’s Free Novel Gift yet? Sign up today to receive your free copy of Captivating Angel Jonas and to join Sable’s mailing list.
Click this LINK to sign up today!

Here’s an excerpt from Captivating Angel Jonas. Just for you!
Keep scrolling down…

Excerpt
Jonas Dije ambled into the living-room of Tomi Sawyer’s upstairs apartment, trailing her. He shut the door behind them and glanced around. 
Three large windows opened into a wide space bordered by cedar-brown walls and furnished with cedar-brown couches and armchairs, an eight-sided coffee table and a red shag carpet.
He raised his eyebrows. “Your place is cool.”
She turned to face him, shrugging. “Thanks. I think it’s too big, though. Three bedrooms … what am I doing with three bedrooms?”
“You could have gotten something smaller…”
“Yes, but my ex got me a sweet deal on this place and he was here most of the time so …”
Her ex, Sanusi. “A sweet deal?”
Tomi smiled. “I pay rent monthly.”
Jonas whistled. “I didn’t know that was even possible in this part of the world … wow, you’re lucky. For everyone else, it’s twice or thrice-yearly rent payments.”
“I know. I guess it’s because the landlord is my ex’s friend.”
“And he’s still okay with you paying every month even though you’re no longer dating your ex?”
“He hasn’t complained. Yet. Um …” She funneled a hand through her hair. “I feel sticky. My whole body must smell of cum. I wonder whose fault is that.”
A smile tweaked his lips. “Yours? For being too appealing.”
“I see.” She returned his smile. “Anyway, I need to shower.” Say you’ll join me.
“Shower, eh?” Jonas’s eyes lit up. This would be a wonderful chance to search her flat. “Good idea.”
She licked her lower lip. “Um … do you want to shower too?”
“You go first. I’ll take one after you’re done.”
Her lips pursed. She swerved away from him and aimed a finger at an arch straight ahead. “My bedroom, and the shower, is through there.”
“Okay.” He nodded. 
“Right.” She marched off. 
The instant she disappeared, he lodged his hands on his hips, gaze zipping around the space. 
Where’s the manna? Hmm. 
His gaze snagged an average-sized refrigerator standing to the left of the living-room, in the dining area.
He went toward it, dragged it open. The light came on, revealing eggs, milk, butter and—ah yes!—a few plastic bottles of a frothy, creamy liquid. He snatched one of the bottles, opened it and sniffed.
Manna. Watered down. Probably for her personal consumption. Where was her stash? The stuff she sold to her weak human clients? 
The kitchen! People liked to hide stuff in their kitchen.
He returned the bottle to the fridge and slammed it shut. Her kitchen… Through a doorway to the left, he caught sight of cupboards and a cooker. Yes. 
He veered into the room. Dark wood cupboards hung above and sat below, separated by marble walls. 
Quickly, quickly. 
He yanked open the overhead cupboards. Packets of cornflakes, noodles, tins of coffee… Argh, no. 
Jonas moved down. Bowls, a bag of rice, a large bottle of vegetable oil… and underneath the sink, two dustbins. 
Two dustbins? Shit, who needed two dustbins at the same time? 
Unless… 
He opened the first one. His nose wrinkled at the smell. Yes, this had rubbish in it. He tried the second one. 
Bingo!
He heaved the fifteen-liter white jerry can out of the bin. He unscrewed the top. It contained less than half-full of an off-white powder. He decanted a bit of it in his left palm. It looked like manna. 
He licked it off his palm. Smacked his lips.
Yes. Definitely manna. The potent, undiluted one. 
He’d found her stash. Great work, Jonas.

***

Tomi switched off the water and stepped out of the shower cubicle. “I’m done!” she yelled, seizing one of the towels hanging on a rail and wrapping it around her wet body. 
“Hey, Jonas! I’m through!” she yelled again, directing her face toward the open bathroom door.
Can’t he hear me? She tugged the shower cap off her hair, replaced it on a hook and strolled into her bedroom.
It was empty. What was he still doing in the sitting-room?
Clasping the towel closer to her breasts, she headed toward the living-room.
“Hey, watch it!”
He appeared in the doorway, holding up both his hands. 
She stopped, smiled. “I thought you wanted to take a shower.”
“I do. You’re done?”
“Yes.”
 “Great. Just give me a few minutes.”
He undressed, abandoning his clothes, shoes and watch on one of the two armchairs in her bedroom. Two teddy bears took up a small region of her queen-sized bed. One was beige and five foot long; the other was a tiny white one wearing a pink bowtie. 
Teddy bears, really? 
On the bedside table by the right of the bed, a pile of Cosmo magazines rested.
Women and magazines. 
He shook his head and walked into the bathroom.
By the time he re-entered the bedroom, a towel around his waist, she was in a bathrobe, standing by an opened jar of cold cream on the bedside table. 
She glanced at him. 
He clocked her gaze crawling from his face to his torso. No more of that. He had to know more about the manna he’d found. 
She dipped her fingers into the cream and slathered it on her arms and neck.
His nose captured the yummy scent of cocoa-butter. He shook his head. Stay on point, Jonas. “Hey, can we talk for a moment?”
“Sure.” She yanked the robe off her body. It sank to the carpet.
He swallowed saliva. Shit!
Her hands massaged cocoa-butter into round, full fat-nippled breasts. She gazed up at him. “What do you want to talk about?”
His penis nudged the towel, coming to attention at the sight. Oh, man… the words had fled from his mind. 
What did I want to say? 
She pinched one nipple. It stiffened, swelled. “What is it, Jonas?”
Jonas could only shake his head. His stare was riveted on her hand. 
“Did I tell you my ex left me about three months ago?” 
His head shifted from one side to the other. Her hand was palming her right nipple. His turgid cock spanked the towel. 
She giggled, gaze on his face. “I hate being alone.”
“Do you?” At last, words. From his lips. 
“Yes, I hate it. I have needs.” She laughed. “My body needs loving.”
“So what do you do when there’s no man at hand?”
“I touch myself.”
“Do you?” He eyed her hands. They were now kneading her flat belly. “Show me.”
###

Who else wants a romance novel that will keep you hooked till the last page? Go for the panty-wetting Tutoring the Queen, an erotic interracial romance fantasy.

THREE KINGDOMS ROMANCE SERIES
Tutoring the Queen, Book 1
In a kingdom where repression is celebrated, a sexually inexperienced queen meets a handsome slave skilled in the art of delivering sensual pleasures …

Queen Atania is a woman torn in two directions: on one hand, she strives to follow the example of her late mother, the bottled-up former queen, by enforcing Divine Law in the kingdom over which she rules. 
Divine Law demands that anyone worshipping any other god but the state-sanctioned one must be punished. 
On the other hand, there’s a part of her that’s more like her progressive father. In secret, she enjoys reading erotic poems and banned material that would surely land her on the wrong side of Divine Law. 
Having grown up under a law that promotes sexual repression, Atania’s sexual experience is limited. Although, there’s that part of her that hungers for more. 
When she receives the gift of a slave taken from a neighboring kingdom named Roka, the absolutely most delicious-looking man she’s ever seen, Atania realizes that it’s her chance to explore the depths of that deep inner hunger. 
Unimpressed by her royal status, Roka sets about teaching her the joys of sexual liberation. Atania is swept away in an avalanche of desire by his kisses, touch and taste. 
But then, Roka challenges her to take a stand: to choose him. What to do?
But before she can make a decision, something calamitous happens.
Having learnt that she has broken Divine Law, a faction of nobles seeks to depose her. 
Queen Atania is facing a desperate situation; one she’s never encountered before…
One that could lead to the loss of her throne, her liberty and her man…


He’s her slave. But, also the most arrogant man she’s ever met …
“Do you know I can have you torn limb from limb by horses?” Atania twirled around, arms extended. “What do you want from me?”
Roka’s voice was gruff. “Swallow my cock.”
“You’re crazy!”
“If you want me, first you must swallow my cock.”
She slapped him on his left cheek with all her strength.

To buy and download Tutoring the Queen, click the link below
Sable’s Books 

Have you read the four heart-thudding, knees-melting books in the Unhinged Romance Series by Sable Rose? No?
Read on to find out more about these four delicious erotic romance books…

UNHINGED ROMANCE SERIES
Two gorgeous, dangerous hunks, security agents and best friends, both hiding a dark secret; one swaggering, soccer-loving stud. Three feisty, black and beautiful women. A home invasion. Family conflicts. A kidnapping at gun-point in a foreign country. Plus, lots and lots of hot, passionate sex…

Book 1, Unhinged by his White Heat
An Erotic Interracial Romantic Suspense
What if you finally meet the perfect guy who treats you the way you want to be treated but the catch is that he can leave town at any time, and even worse, he has a dark secret?

Rebellious web developer, Kema Ekwueme is nursing a broken heart. A year ago, the man she loved, cast her heart to the ground and stomped on it. Now, here she is, at thirty, a virgin and alone. 
While she awaits his return, she dreams of a life like in the movies where heroes always defeat the bad guys. And when she hears of terrible incidents in her former high school: the death of a young female student, she thrusts herself into the investigation. 
In the process, she meets Oliver Constantino. Tall, green-eyed and white-skinned. Staring at her like she’s the first woman he’s seen in years. He’s co-owner of Olympus Security and his best friend and business partner, Steven Braithwaite, is uncle to the accused young girl. 
Thrown together by the case, the intense attraction between Kema and Oliver grows and explodes. 
But Oliver is not ready for anything serious with a new woman. His focus is on caring for his eight year old daughter, Lisa, abandoned by her mother, his ex. He also has plans to return to the States soon. And most of all, he has a secret. One that would surely ruin any relationship with Kema. 
Kema is all for commitment; a relationship with someone stable. That’s why she saved herself. So nothing can happen between her and Oliver. He’s a foreigner, a man with an unknown past …
But the heat between them doesn’t seem to care one whit about the obstacles. Oliver and Kema find it harder and harder to resist its pull.
And just as Oliver realizes he has feelings for Kema, her ex waltzes back into her life. 
Kema is confused. Should she go back to him or move forward with Oliver? Her elder brothers remind her that she doesn’t know much about Oliver. And it’s true; she has no clue about Oliver’s dark past. 
All Oliver can do is pray she never finds out about his past sins. Because if she were ever to discover his dark secret, any chance of their being together would be destroyed.
Click on any of these links to get it for FREE: 
https://www.books2read.com/u/478Y9a
https://smashwords.com/books/view/705882
https://okadabooks.com/book/about/unhinged_by_his_white_heat__adult_only_18/16164

Book 2, Unhinged by his Dark Fire
An Erotic Romance Novel
You’re a young woman. Your younger brother is pissed with you because you’re sleeping with his best friend and room-mate and your billionaire dad who controls your purse strings has given you an ultimatum to end the affair or else...

Wumi Osoba has always lived a nice, perfectly planned—and a teeny bit boring—life. To please her father, the twenty-eight year old easygoing, former model, daddy’s girl, Wumi is going to marry a man chosen by good old dad, a man she doesn’t love. Her father, billionaire businessman Tunji has always provided her with a good life. He’s always been right. 
So he can’t be wrong about this. 
Working as Senior Producer in a media company, with an eye on the News Director Position, twenty-five year old amateur crooner and closet romantic, Dare DaSilva wants more from life despite the fact that he’s sharing a flat with his best friend and his soccer-themed online merchandising business is taking off. 
But then, one day, he bumps into her. Wumi. Sister to his best friend and roommate, an unrequited teenage crush. Everything within him tells him to walk away. She’s never paid him any attention before.
One look at this swaggering, soccer-loving hunk and Wumi’s practically salivating. But she knows she should ignore the incredible attraction between them. After all, he’s her younger brother’s pal. She should do the right thing. 
Or should she? 
Before long, Wumi is surrendering to this feral hunger. She’s never been impulsive but now being in close proximity to him makes her do crazy things … like having sex with him at a party, with her brother in the next room!
Once her brother and stepmother learn of the affair, they make it their mission to end it. Torn between romance and family, Wumi spirals even more and—OMG—ends up punching her baby brother in the face. 
Things get worse and now her family is even threatening Dare’s job and expected promotion. But rather than come clean to her father, Wumi prefers to continue to keep their affair a secret. But when she gets embroiled in a brawl in Dare’s name, #BillionaireDaughterSmackdown, it becomes public knowledge.
Enraged, the patriarch of the Osoba clan gives his daughter an ultimatum: marry Gbenga in two months or else...
Click on any link to buy today: 
https://www.books2read.com/u/bPJgPY
https://okadabooks.com/book/about/unhinged_by_his_dark_fire__adult_only_18/13620

Book 3, Unhinged by his Fiery Touch
An Erotic Interracial Romantic Suspense
You know you shouldn’t fall for him. He’s a bad boy, maybe a killer, and he appears to have slept with every attractive woman in your city. But, gosh, he’s so hot, you can’t help yourself. 

All commitment-phobe Tari Johnson wants is to be the first female boss in Glow Force Media, Nigeria. To get the top job, she needs to put herself above other candidates and so she hires the best in the business, Olympus Security, to manage the media conglomerate’s security. 
The CEO of Olympus Security, tawny-eyed bi-racial Steven Braithwaite is dangerous and plays by nobody’s rules except his own. Former marine and ex-mercenary, he does women. He doesn’t do relationships and the women always take whatever he offers. 
At first sight, Tari is thrown by him, this beautiful man, and now she’s in lust. 
But Tari’s definitely not in the market for a man. There are always men courting her, men she can easily control and that’s all she needs. 
And anyway, Steven’s also the most annoying man on the planet… playing games, teasing and frustrating. Every instinct in her is telling her to run away, screaming.
But she can’t. 
Because Steven is irresistible, unforgettable and different from any other man she’s been with.
Steven knows she wants him and he wants her too. On his terms. 
And he’s ready to do whatever it takes to make her submit to him, even if he has to employ methods that are slightly underhanded to end her affairs with other men. 
But then something happens, something neither of them is prepared for, something that turns both their lives upside down …
Just as Tari’s struggling to wrap her head around this new development, an old enemy from Steven’s past shows up and now, she’s in danger, caught in the crossfire …
Click on any link to buy today: 
https://www.books2read.com/u/b5MleO
https://okadabooks.com/book/about/unhinged_by_his_fiery_touch__adult_only_18/13621

Sequel (Book 4), Unhinged by Him
An Erotic Romantic Suspense
Three gorgeous couples. A fashion show. A suicide bomber. Lots of scorching sex scenes.

Welcome our sexy heroes and heroines from the Unhinged Romance novels as they come together for the very first time in one book for a heart-pounding and pulse-racing adventure that makes for one steamy, un-missable read. 
A one-of-a-kind fashion show in Nigeria’s capital city, Abuja, is targeted by suicide bombers and the elite agents of Olympus Security have only a few hours to save the day and foil the terrorists’ dastardly plans. 
But this potentially explosive situation is eclipsed by the fiery heat our three passionate couples manage to generate all on their own.
Click on any link to buy today: 
https://www.books2read.com/u/mdN6ZW
https://okadabooks.com/book/about/unhinged_by_him__adult_only_18/16171
About Sable Rose
Sable Rose is Africa’s No. 1 Romance Writer. She writes M/F erotic contemporary romances about dreamy, swoon-worthy heroes and sexy independent women, filled with plenty of thigh-clenching moments. She’s the author of the popular four-book Unhinged Romance Series. 
She also writes erotic paranormal action adventures in the Adoring Angels Chronicles about scorchingly-hot, super-desirable and well-endowed angels and the strong sassy heroines that fall for them. These books will make your heart beat with anticipation and will definitely take you on a wild and naughty ride.
She revels in being different. Her passion is writing and she writes only what her characters tell her to write. She writes morning, afternoon, night. Who needs sleep?
She adores traveling and has visited over 15 countries. She uses these experiences to craft her stories.
Sable Rose lives in Lagos, Nigeria. No dogs yet. Definitely, no cats. 


Books by Sable Rose
Adoring Angels Chronicles, Book 1: Hooking Alexander
Adoring Angels Chronicles, Book 2: Five Stars in Danger and Debauchery
Adoring Angels Chronicles, Book 3: Pleasing Xavier
Three Kingdoms Romance, Book 1: Tutoring the Queen
Unhinged by his White Heat, Book 1 in the Unhinged Romance Series
Unhinged by his Dark Fire, Book 2 in the Unhinged Romance Series
Unhinged by his Fiery Touch, Book 3 in the Unhinged Romance Series
Unhinged by Him, the Sequel to the Unhinged Romance Series

Contact Sable Rose
Mailto: adoringangelschronicles@gmail.com
Stop by the Adoring Angels Chronicles site
Get Sable Rose’s Books at: Sable’s Romance Book List
Or at Sable Rose Romances Page
Like my fan page on Facebook 
Favorite me at Sable Rose’s Smashwords Author Profile
https://www.facebook.com/sablewriter 
https://www.pinterest.com/sablewriter/ 
https://www.instagram.com/sablewriter/
You can also tweet @sablewriter

