HOPE

By Sam Rook
Hope

 Copyright © 2013 by Sam Rook

Smashwords Edition

All rights are reserved to the author. No part of this ebook may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.
This is a work of fiction. Names, character, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
Chapter 1

Kathryn Merlangton stared at the vase cradling the dying roses. Two red blooms bowed over the sympathy card like mourners looking down upon a casket. She drew in the cloying smell of the flowers and let her gaze fall to the eyes of the bear hugging the vase. Its accusing regard made her tighten her grip on the countertop to remain standing.
The thumping of a tail against the hardwood floor saved her from her mind’s downward spiral and brought the ache of her shoulders to the forefront of her mind. Groaning from the weight, she lowered her laptop backpack to the floor with painful hands. Her carpal tunnel forced her to carry around her livelihood like a teenager. Dargo, her mother's—her—timid Doberman remained on his pillow. His lack of a proper greeting made her suspicious.
Stepping closer, Kathryn followed the pieces of her mortgage and electric bill. The trunk of Rachel’s purple elephant reached for air from beneath Dargo’s paw. Kathryn rescued Ella with a shaking hand. The tempo of Dargo’s tail increased, but he cringed into his pillow. Ella stared at her with only one eye and Kate clenched her jaw at the desecration. A crash from outside saved Dargo from her wrath as he jumped to his feet with a whine. 
Damn raccoons. Or with her luck, it would be a bear this time. She welcomed the distraction. Dargo trembled against her thigh and she leaned over him to grab the flashlight off the counter and placed Ella out of his reach. With the sound of breaking glass just outside the garage door, Dargo bolted from the kitchen toward the living room. 
Kathryn sucked in a breath and thrust the flashlight out like a weapon. When she heard Dargo's nails slide across the floor and then the rumble of his retreat up the stairs, she shook her head and lowered her pathetic weapon.
"My hero." 
She grabbed the cordless phone from its cradle and pressed the speakerphone button. After dialing 911 and leaving it on the counter, she withdrew a French knife from the block of wood her father claimed was a homemade knife holder. With the flashlight in one hand and the knife in the other, she walked over and cracked open the door, shining the flashlight into the garage.
"911. What is your emergency?" 
The beam of the flashlight stopped as if against a black wall. Angling the light away, she aimed it back outside the door to make sure she hadn't imagined things. The round beam of light, originally the size of a softball, shrank to the size of a baseball. The black wall moved toward her. 
"What the hell?" She slammed the door and backed away, trembling as her shoes squeaked along the floor. 
"Hello? 911. What is your emergency?" 
Little by little, the grains of the wooden door turned from deep brown to gray. Streaks of black spread from the edges, joining in the center and spreading until the black void engulfed it. Blackness seeped from the door and spread to the walls and floors of the kitchen. Kathryn turned and tried to scramble over the counter, dropping the flashlight in her haste. 
"Help! There’s a giant…thing…eating my kitchen!" she screamed toward the phone.
Before she reached the other side, something warm grabbed her feet. She looked behind her and shrieked. An extension of the void stretched beyond it and held onto her. Blackness engulfed her shoes and gray tendrils stretched from her ankles to her knees. Mesmerized, she watched her calves disappear into blackness as it tried to swallow her. Her stomach churned at seeing her legs end at her knees. Tingling heat moved up toward her thighs. 
"Somebody, help me!" Her heart pulsed in her ears.
She reached around behind her and slashed the void with her knife. Unsure what to expect, her eyes widened with surprise at the resistance. Slicing the void was like using a butter knife to cut through a cold stick of butter. Before she could recover, the void pulled the knife from her hand and she watched her weapon disappear into it. 
Unable to move her legs, she started to slide backward across the marble top counter. She turned and gripped the edge of it. The familiar ache and tingling in her hands and wrists spread up her arms and into her shoulders with her unsuccessful attempt to pull herself free. Kathryn lowered her forehead to the counter, sobbing as the cold surface leeched the warmth from her.
"Ma'am? What's happening?" The 911 operator's voice filtered through the pounding in Kathryn's ears.
"Help me! It won't let go!" Her voice sounded pathetic. She clenched her jaw and looked around for another weapon. The vase. She released her grip on the counter with one hand, grabbed the vase and swung it at the void, now up to her hips. The vase sank six inches into the void, her hand along with it. 
She struggled to pull her hand to safety. The muscles in her arm gripping the counter throbbed with the increased strain. Tingling heat from the void jumped up to her chest and she gasped at the increased speed of her engulfment. 
"Ma'am? I'm sending help. Just stay on the line."
Kathryn's grip loosened as the void reached the shoulder of her arm holding onto the counter. She tilted her chin to keep her face out of the void. The taste of burnt toast filled her mouth and she smelled carrion with her next breath. The kitchen darkened from gray to black and a scream tore from her throat when she saw a large yellow eye with a vertical slit blinking in the darkness that enveloped her.

Kathryn awoke to an eerie silence. No hum of the aging refrigerator or drip of the faucet disturbed the sound of the wind blowing across her cheek. Face-down on the counter with her head hanging over the edge, she wiggled her fingers in an attempt to calm their tingling. She pushed herself into a sitting position with numb arms. Gasping for breath, she surveyed her surroundings.
She sat in what was left of her kitchen. Gray sand showed between most of the uneven hardwood floorboards, a grim contrast to the peeling paint of the yellow walls. The refrigerator and stove stood in their usual places. The door to the garage hung on its hinges revealing only half of the garage. The absent second bay partially framed a gray landscape dotted with black boulders beyond her packed boxes. What happened to the trees? Kathryn blinked, adjusting her eyes to the harsh sunlight reflecting off the counter. 
She slid to the edge of the marble then to the floor on shaky legs. Drops of sweat trickled down her forehead from the simple act of standing. The sun shone high overhead and the missing ceiling offered no protection from its assault. 
"I’m in hell." It’s what she deserved. Rachel would never have been in the car if she hadn’t lost her temper. Again. A red leash hanging from the hook next to the door stirred with the wind. 
"Dargo? Dargo!" She paused, listening for the jangle of his collar. 
Careful not to twist her ankle, she made her way through the door and down the uneven stairs to the garage. The concrete, still intact, angled toward the garage door. She edged between the garage door and her packed boxes, surprised no broken glass littered the path from the missing windows. Stepping off the broken concrete, her sneakers crunched on a mixture of sand, pebbles and gray chips of wood. She slid down a small hill, releasing the subtle smell of ashes with a faint hint of road kill. 
She clambered onto the crumbling blacktop of the driveway covering her nose with the crook of her arm. The rear of her Toyota Camry angled into the air, its two rear tires and backseat compensating for the missing front half. Falling to her knees, the jagged edges of the blacktop dug into her skin. I’m still paying on that. It didn’t matter. The sound of sand blowing across her car brought her back to reality. Shaking her head, she got to her feet and wiped her knees with trembling hands. 
"The house is in the middle of a gray desert and I’m worried Allstate won’t cover anything. Idiot." Beyond the driveway, the gray sand continued for several hundred feet before ending at a row of spindly trees. Some logical explanation could explain what happened to her missing ten acres of trees and foot of snow. Sure. Purgatory seemed more likely. Clenching her jaw and wiping the tears from her eyes, Kathryn turned back toward the house and stopped in surprise. The study and the living room were there, minus the second floor.
"Dargo? Anyone?" she yelled, racing back into the kitchen.
She gasped as her eyes found the phone on the counter. Running to the counter, she grabbed the phone and pressed the on button. Nothing. She pressed off and then on again just to be sure. Disgusted, she threw the phone and headed toward the dining room.
Everything appeared as she had left it minus parts of the outer walls of the living room and dining room. The apple pie sat upon the dining room table next to a colorful lump—what remained of her thirty candles. Her father hadn't put it away like he had said he would. The smell of apples and cinnamon calmed her nerves. 
Drenched in sweat, she sat at the table with her head in her hands. She couldn’t focus her mind on the moment and longed for the days when there would have been a cake on that table instead of a store-bought apple pie. Her mom had always made a cake.
A shadow darkened the table, and then the sunlight reappeared. Kathryn scrambled from the chair, shielding her eyes while she looked up at the sky. She held her breath, willing whatever had blocked the sun to reappear to satisfy her curiosity. Yet at the same time, she had a feeling she didn’t want to know. Something wasn’t right. 
She heard a soft thump beyond the living room. The crunching of footsteps in the sand drew her attention and she stared at the wall. Maybe someone had come to rescue her. A shadow darkened the dining room again. After another thump, she heard the sound of a second set of footsteps. Every instinct in her body told her to flee and she obeyed.
Kathryn slipped into her study, closing and locking the door behind. She threw open the closet door and scrambled to move her computer chair over to the closet. Climbing onto the rolling desk chair, she gripped the shelf to steady herself. She reached above her to the top shelf, her fingers just brushing the metal box.
No! Why did Dad push it so far back?
The sound of nails clicking upon the hardwood floor and a wet snuffling made her turn toward the door, gasping for breath. The door exploded into splinters as someone—or something—entered the room and she fell from the chair as a clawed hand reached for her. She shrieked when a set of inhuman hands yanked her upward by the arms. Her legs swung in the air and brushed the black hide of the beast that held her high above the floor.
Chapter 2

The beast, taller than the doorway, filled half of the room. A second one filled the other half. Their eyes were a bright orange in the pits of their grotesque faces. Bat-like wings flowed out behind their black angled bodies. Their leathery hide, cracked in places, failed to contain the thick green liquid that moved beneath its surface. Double-jointed legs ended in large claws and long horns protruded from their heads. They had to be demons from this insane nightmare of a horror movie. 
Her frantic kicks had no effect and only made the creature’s nails dig deeper into her flesh. Its pointed teeth and hot breath lingered over her. She gagged at the smell of death as the beast pulled her closer to its mouth. Oddly detached, she noted the orange shade of its mouth matched its eyes, and then her head cleared. 
"F'enk'e'alath shel'an're!" Kathryn heard herself speak. 
She fell to the floor as fire ripped through the bodies of the creatures. Their agonized screams pierced her mind and she covered her ears. Scrambling into the closet, she cowered in the corner. The creatures thrashed upon the floor, their long tails crashing into her desk and the walls. Her pictures crashed to the floor and Kathryn closed her eyes at the destruction. She wept as the smell of burning meat permeated the air and the sound of the creatures’ thrashing ceased.
Kathryn crept from the relative safety of the closet. The charred bodies of the creatures atop the blackened floor took up the entire room. Wrinkling her nose, she stepped in the open areas between their limbs and made her way to the study door. Once there, she turned and took one last look at the destruction, and then vomited onto the floor.
Holding her hand over her mouth and nose in an attempt not to gag over the new combination of smells, she turned away from the scene. The feeling of the creatures’ claws on her skin made her shudder and she started sobbing, sliding down against the doorjamb and holding her knees to her chest. An uncontrollable shaking seized her body and she breathed in short gasps, but a part of her remained aloof. 
A little less fire next time. 
Several minutes later, she crawled into the kitchen and leaned against the counter. Closing her eyes, she breathed through her mouth and attempted to calm down. The heat sucked the moisture from her mouth, but that was better than dealing with the smell. She had to get out of here. There could be more of those creatures and a house in the middle of a desert screamed "buffet."
She scrambled up and grabbed her backpack from the corner. Unzipping all of its pockets, she turned it upside down and shook it. Her laptop hit the floor amidst the floating papers outlining the programming code. She couldn’t care less if the users crashed the system with ten keystrokes; she just wanted the damn bag.
Bag in hand, she threw open the refrigerator door and shoved six bottles of water into the pack. She abandoned the fridge and searched through her cabinets. Her pathetic store of peanut butter and Doritos wouldn’t get her very far. Setting the bag upon the counter, she threw in a half loaf of wheat bread and a butter knife before zipping the largest pocket.
"I should just leave them. I can survive without them." She closed her eyes, taking a deep breath and blowing it out through pursed lips. "Damnit." She pushed away from the counter and marched to the study.
She waded through the charred corpses, grabbed the pictures, minus their broken frames, and retreated to the kitchen. Sitting on the stool, she expected the mirror image in the first photo to reflect her frown, but her mother’s smile lit up the slate-gray eyes framed by mousy hair. She couldn’t bring herself to look at the other photos, so shoved them and Ella into the front pocket of the backpack before shouldering it.
What else? Food, water…the gun! Back amidst the bodies, she struggled to find an even spot for the computer chair in front of the closet. Groaning in frustration, she gripped the back of the chair with white knuckles that ached from endless typing. The sunlight shone upon the blue flowers and Kathryn reached out to rub the delicate weave of the shawl hanging in the closet.
Kathryn had never worn the black shawl with blue roses. She remembered her forced smile when she thanked her mother for the Christmas gift and Rachel’s incessant "What is it?" Before the tears could flow, a thump outside drew her toward the window. A green sedan with blue lights upon its roof sat behind her car with its door wide open and its passenger lying upon the ground. Beyond the car, a group of black figures flew toward the house.
Kathryn raced from the study, shoving the shawl into the backpack while she slid through an opening in the living room wall. Shouldering the backpack as she ran, she slid to a crouch next to the body of the Vermont State Trooper. 
"Wake up, goddamnit, wake up!" His familiar brown hair and glasses made her pull back. "Sergeant Summers?" Kathryn clenched her jaw in mixed relief and disappointment. She was so glad someone had come, but wished it were anyone else but him. Images flashed in her mind of his stoic face as he explained her mother's death and her daughter's disappearance. What were the odds? This had to be a dream. 
Sergeant Summers’ dark brown eyes fluttered open and Kathryn pulled at his jacket. 
"Get up! They’re coming and we have to get out of here!" 
"Kathryn? Wh-what are you talking about?" He rubbed the back of his head as he sat up.
The creatures were a short distance away and they didn’t have much time. "We need to get the hell out of here." She pointed and his head swiveled to follow her arm. 
"What are those things?"
He hurried to his feet and she rose with him. Together, they ran toward the house, but the shadows preceding their escape told her it was too late. Creatures landed in front of them and trying to stop, Kathryn caught herself with her wrists after her feet slid out from under her. Sergeant Summers dropped to a knee, sliding to a stop as he pulled his gun from its holster.
Shots rang out but the bullets didn’t seem to do anything but anger the bastards. Kathryn looked all around them as the targeted creatures growled their annoyance and approached them. Sergeant Summers’ hands shook and he spun around, firing off a few more shots at the ones behind them. Those growled as well and quickened their pace.
"Stop pissing them off!" Kathryn glared at him, hoping for the words to come to her again. The creatures leapt at them and screams tore from her throat as they fought with each other to get a grip on her. Their talons and teeth sliced her arms and legs in the intervals they weren’t fighting with one another. She kicked and struggled, trying to squeeze through their legs to safety. One of them grabbed her and only then did her damn head clear.
"F'enk'e'alath shel'an're!"
Gripping the forearms of the creature that held her, she saw the fire engulfing her hands shoot through the creature’s body, then spread to the surrounding creatures as well. Their inhuman screams ripped through the air and she broke free to crawl to a small space safe from the thrashing bodies. The fire still engulfed her hands and she rubbed them in the sand, trying to douse the flames. Her tears hissed as they landed upon her wrists. She moaned, staring at her hands and cringing at the soot of the creatures’ burning bodies clinging to the rest of her skin.
Smoke filled the sky and the occasional popping of the fires replaced the screams and thrashing of the creatures. Sergeant Summers, blood streaming from his forehead and arms, sidestepped toward her while moving his gun from one blackened form to another. She held her burning hands before her in a plea for help. He startled, pointed his gun at her with a shaking hand and pulled the trigger. 
Fire stabbed through Kathryn’s chest and she fell backward. She cried out and her now-extinguished hands clutched the wound just below her right shoulder. It felt like a bomb went off inside her chest and she felt her right lung begin to squeeze. Her agonizing and short breaths didn’t mask Sergeant Summers’ panicked words.
"Oh my God, Kathryn, I didn’t realize it was you."
He leaned over her, the whites of his eyes a stark contrast to the soot and blood on his face. He pressed his hands against her wound and she tried to sink into the sand to get away from the pain. Looking past him, she saw the swirling smoke clear and the dark forms flying above them. They reminded her of vultures circling their next meal, except these vultures had wingspans the size of a small plane. Sergeant Summers followed her gaze. Panic reflected in his eyes, but he clenched his jaw and stayed with her.
By the agony of her wound and her labored breathing, Kathryn knew she wouldn’t survive. Maybe in the hands of a gifted surgeon, she’d have a chance, but not here. Not now. Ready to see Rachel, she gripped Sergeant Summers’ hands. "Leave me."
"What?" He stopped pressing on her wound momentarily. "No, I can’t leave you here. Not like this." The agony resumed as he made his decision.
Sand crunched with the sound of the new arrival. Kathryn glanced to her right and cried out as a black figure without horns moved toward them. It differed from the other creatures with feathered wings and a slimmer build. Sergeant Summers rose and drew his gun. The soot stirred up from his boots burned her eyes.
The newcomer drew a black sword lined with some type of silver writing that gleamed in the smoky air. Sergeant Summers had trouble keeping his gun from sliding around in his blood-slicked hands as the dark figure approached with incredible speed and used the hilt of the sword to crack him in the head. He sank to the ground with the figure grabbing his arm, easing him into the blackened sand.
Her breath came in short gasps and the fire started to dampen in her chest. Tears leaked from the corners of her eyes into her ears. I’m coming, Rachel. Mom. The edge of her vision blurred with white framing the dark figure leaning over her. Calluses lined the human hands that settled against her forehead. The pain in her chest returned full-force and she started to struggle. 
Someone caressed her mind, calming her flailing. She focused on his male—definitely male—essence and allowed herself to grab onto the thread of hope he dangled her way. The pain subsided and her breathing eased. He tried to withdraw, but she imagined gripping his arm. His surprise then sudden fear caught her off guard and she let go. With the sound of a familiar howl, she closed her eyes and gave into her exhaustion.
Chapter 3

Kathryn woke up facing a wall with her left shoulder and hip aching in protest. She sighed with relief. It was all a dream. A vivid and terrible dream. Rolling over, she sat up to survey her surroundings. Her feet brushed the stone floor as they hung off a high bed. A small nightstand held a flickering candle that threw the shadows of the sleeping form in the next bed against the far wall.
She looked down and pulled the scratchy gray shirt away from her chest. The smooth skin covering her chest showed no sign of the gunshot wound. Drawing a deep breath, she felt no pain. Definitely a dream. With the candle, that must mean the power had gone out. The stench of antiseptic filled the air and she wrinkled her nose at the familiar smell before turning to the occupied bed.
Squinting in disbelief, she covered her mouth with a shaking hand.
"Sergeant Summers? Is that you?" she whispered. His presence undermined her dream theory.
"Yes." He rolled over and inched his way up to a sitting position, holding his head in his hands. Sighing, he looked up at her with hooded eyes in the candlelight, making him look much older than his late twenties. "I’m so sorry." He snorted and ran his hand through his short hair. "And it’s Hal. No point in being formal." 
Kathryn didn’t know what she should say to that. She wasn’t about to tell him it was okay and not to worry about it. He should’ve protected her, not been even more scared than she was, but she knew fear could do unexpected things to people. "Where do you think we are?"
"Honestly? Hell. The first round of monsters were demons and the round that showed up after were angels, and I don’t mean the little cherubs with the bows. These bastards were armored knights with swords and wings."
She couldn’t rule out hell, but she didn’t think she’d be healed if it were. For the first time in years, her hands didn’t ache, but she couldn’t say the same about her soul. The emptiness still gnawed at her and she wondered if her dad had called to check on her. He probably didn’t even know she was gone, sitting down to a frozen dinner he’d popped into the microwave and a cold Bud Light—more like a pack of Bud Lights. Of all the days for this to happen, today seemed appropriate. "Hal, what are we going to do?"
"I don’t know. My head’s killing me. I’m going to lie back down." He thumped back upon his pillow and stared at the ceiling.
"Happy birthday," Kathryn mumbled to herself.

Kathryn jumped up from the bed as footsteps echoed off the walls. A knight who was a little shorter than Hal and heavily built walked into the room. He had gray wings and dark green armor. Were his wings part of his armor or his body?
"Mecnth jeyurk thee?" The green knight waited for a reply. Kathryn just stared at him and shrugged. He sighed and waited. 
"Why are we in here?" Kathryn asked.
 The knight shook his head and crossed his arms. Another set of footsteps approached and the knight in black armor from the desert arrived to stand beside the first. The black knight seemed to fill the room even though he was only six inches taller than the first and slimmer around the waist. He had an authoritative air about him with a touch of anger. His black wings made him even taller. Definitely not a cherub.
"My name is Sir Lanclor. Who are you?"
Hal took the lead while Kathryn tried to wade through the accent. "My name is Hal Summers and this is Kathryn Merlangton. Where are we?" After a slight hesitation, he added, "We’re from Earth."
Sir Lanclor nodded to the green knight. The green knight saluted with a fist over his heart and left. "I figured you were with the house less than ten feet from where we found you." Sir Lanclor’s voice dripped disdain. "You Earthlings keep showing up all over the place. The Goddess has a warped sense of humor."
Goddess? 
Sir Lanclor crossed his arms, a casual gesture, but one Kathryn sensed was an insult. He took a deep breath before continuing. "You have nothing to fear from us. I sent Sir Garrent to prepare suitable rooms. I will post a knight who speaks English outside your rooms for your safety. Until we know what kind of people you are, a knight will accompany you wherever you go. Sir Garrent will return shortly to escort you to your rooms. Be safe on Av’lor." Sir Lanclor turned and walked up the hall.
"Av’lor? Where the hell is Av’lor?" Hal said in a low voice.
"I’ve never heard of it." Kathryn felt confused, but clenched her teeth with determination. If she waited long enough, she'd wake up and go back to her peaceful life. Panicking about their situation wouldn’t solve anything. They had no other choice but to obey. The knights had swords and Hal’s gun and her backpack were gone. Her pictures were gone. That thought terrified her the most. 

"This is where you’ll be staying," a knight named Thalcalor said with a sharp gesture of his hand. "Sir Garrent and I will now take our leave. We'll have knights bring your meals to this sitting area. Nikton and Rielle will remain with you in case you have any questions. You are welcome to explore the grounds, but Nikton and Rielle will accompany you to help communicate with the other residents. We consider you guests at this time, but only knights access certain areas. Be safe." Sir Garrent and Thalcalor nodded and left.
Nikton, a slim knight in dark gray armor with gray wings, stood near the doorway to the left. "Kathryn, your room is here, while Hal’s is to the right. I will remain in this sitting area while you get settled in." He plopped into a chair and withdrew some type of colored stones from a small bag.
Rielle appeared in the same shade of gray as Nikton. She had brown wings and slimmer armor. "I also will remain in this sitting room." She sat next to Nikton and they sorted the stones, preparing for some type of game and ignoring them. Very welcoming.
The room consisted of a plain bed, a small unlit fireplace, and a glass door that opened onto a balcony. She could feel the chill of the bare stone floor through her sneakers. Kathryn turned and closed the door. 
Several small piles of clothes sat on a low bench to the right of the door. To the left, a small tub with what looked like soap on a stand stood in the corner. A small shelf over the tub held a wooden bowl below a spout with a manual pump. A small toilet, more like a chamber pot with a seat, sat beside the tub. Clean water lined the chamber pot, but she saw no hole to handle the flushing. She wrinkled her nose in disgust and suppressed a groan at her increasing need to test it. 
"Not quite a Marriot."
A while later, after experimenting with the water pump and tub, Kathryn was clean and freshly garbed in scratchy clothes. There was a light knock on the door and she opened it to find Hal in similar garb and wet hair. 
"Hey. Feels nice to be clean, doesn’t it?" He entered the room, closing the door behind him and lowering his voice. "I tried getting answers out of Rielle and Nikton, but they just glared at me. I think we’re prisoners. I don’t see us leaving this place anytime soon. We’re stuck here."

That night, Kathryn shivered beneath her blankets and let her grief overtake her for the millionth time since the funeral. There weren’t any memories of happier times in the forefront of her mind or regrets of not doing this or that. She simply existed on the edge of a precipice where all of her loved ones were out of reach. Nobody comforted her or wrapped their little arms around her waist. 
She muffled her sobs; afraid some stranger might hear and investigate. Going over the events of today, she found that the most troubling aspect was not the confusion, fear or pain, but her apathy when she lay close to death. The only light in her room came from the firelight seeping under the door from the common room, so her eyes widened in panic when the black ceiling changed to white and images overwhelmed her.
Kathryn floated high above the ground. The trees below her had odd bluish-green leaves with yellow tips that rustled in the light wind. A river flowed below to a large waterfall that cascaded over the cliffs and fell several hundred feet to a lake beneath. The soft swishing to her left drew her attention away from the ground to a group of about twenty knights flying in a diamond formation. Sir Lanclor led the group while Sir Garrent brought up the rear. A knight in the middle stood out with golden armor and wings among the dull grays and browns of the others. 
The scene blurred and her perspective changed. She stood next to the waterfall on one of the cliffs looking up at the knights. As they passed, black shapes concealed in the trees flew up toward the rear of the knights. Her blood ran cold while she watched the knights fight a losing battle. The roar of the falls didn’t drown out the crunch of the blows and the shrieks of agony. The golden knight, soaked in blood, fell toward the lake below as her vision blurred to darkness.
Kathryn sat straight up in bed, gasping with confusion and dripping with sweat. She hadn’t fallen asleep yet, so how could she have dreamt that? Could she dream inside a dream? She still heard the sound of battle and the cries of pain as if she had been there. Bowing her head into her hands, she wept for the fallen knights, not understanding her darker grief as the intense scene replayed itself in her mind. She knew their deaths would mark the beginning of the end.
Chapter 4

Lanclor, Knight-Commander of the Knights of Av’lor, stood behind Mikael outside the door of a murderer’s farmhouse. Mikael had knocked upon the door some time ago and they waited underneath the misshapen overhang that did nothing to prevent the torrent of rain from reaching them. A single lantern flickered next to the door fighting to remain alight as the water seeped into a small crack along its side. The lantern revealed a wide-eyed militiaman as the door opened.
"She's just through here, Guardsman Mikael." 
"Thank you," Royal Guardsman Mikael said as he motioned his men to remain outdoors. "I’ll take it from here." He opened the door and entered the small farmhouse with Lanclor close behind. 
Lanclor wrinkled his nose at the smell of blood. He was glad for his helmet. It wasn't professional for a knight to show any type of weakness. A single candle in the middle of a sturdy table provided the only light. Its flickering glow touched the woman sitting in a low chair with her hands clutched in her lap. She stared out the window into the black night heedless of the world around her. Her lips moved in a quiet conversation with herself. 
"Nalia, my name is Mikael. Can you tell me what happened?" Mikael's voice erupted from the shadows. 
She glanced at the Guardsman, and then turned back to the darkened window. She replied in a low voice filled with anguish. "He wasn't himself. I don't know what was wrong with him. Why did this happen? If only I—"
"Please, tell me when you noticed something was wrong." 
Mikael’s patient voice made Lanclor envious. They shouldn’t have to wring a story out of someone. He relished having his knights report to him without hesitation. No time wasted.
Lanclor tried to blend into the shadows, observing like Commander Warren had asked. He crossed his arms and fought the urge to flap the water from his wings. His size and personality made it difficult to go unnoticed. After leaving a mound of paperwork and plans for the trip to R’kelo unfinished, he was eager to complete this favor to the Royal Guard.
"Oh, yes. I guess that would be last week. Hareld went into town to sell vegetables, as he does every week, only this time he didn't come back for days. I went to look for him and found him just standing in a field. No vegetables, his clothes soiled, and this blank look on his face. He didn't seem to recognize me at first, and then he seemed okay and let me lead him home."
Nalia shook her head and tears streamed from her eyes. "I thought he had just caught a chill when he sat in his chair unmoving for a couple of days. Then, all of a sudden, he just jumped out of it and grabbed me. His eyes…his eyes were the worst. Black. Black as death. I struggled to get away and tripped him somehow. He fell hard and his head slammed the table. He didn't move after that. Hareld was always a gentle soul. I don't know what happened to him." She started wailing and Mikael comforted her until her weeping passed. 
Lanclor remained silent trying to total the number of incidents in the past month. With this one and the one from last week, they had a total of ten Changed men. That was double the number from last month. Warren was right to ask him to come along. The Knighthood would have to get involved with the investigation.
Mikael and Lanclor left the farmhouse a few hours before dawn, heading back to the castle at the head of Mikael’s squad. Lanclor guided his horse around a deep puddle, ignoring his discomfort from the rain. He tried to piece together why people found in the middle of a field suddenly started killing with no warning. 
These past few cycles held one damn thing after another. More frequent Daemon attacks, husbands killing their families, and now Earthlings, of all things. They hadn’t seen Earthlings on Av’lor for a while and now they were popping up in the middle of the Barrens, for the Goddess’ sake. The knights were spread thin enough as it was.
Mikael’s men remained quiet as they dismounted and headed to the Royal Guard barracks. It had been a long day of hard riding, dead bodies and grieving people. Lanclor knew Mikael would have to report on all of it this afternoon, so now was the only time to grab a few hours of sleep to recover his strength. Mikael and Lanclor guided their horses to the other side of the courtyard and the officers’ quarters. 
A groom took their reins and they dismounted. Without a word, a boy guided Mikael's exhausted mount to a clean stall while another stroked Lanclor’s mount’s drooping head. Mikael headed toward his house on soft feet, but she heard his approach anyway. The door flew open and a small girl with flowing brown hair ran down the steps and threw herself into his arms. 
"Mikael, you're finally home!"
"Finally? I was only gone the usual amount of time. What kind of trouble have you managed to cause while I was away?" Mikael said as he tossed her into the air, giggles filling the quiet dawn. 
"I don't cause any trouble," she said after the giggling subsided. "Nana showed me how to bake bread last night! Did you know there are all different kinds of bread? There’s wheat, white, sour dough, oat, grain." Mikael smiled.
Lanclor forgot his exhaustion for the moment as her excitement filled him. All of the death, all of the cruelty he saw every day; all was pushed to the back of his mind as he watched Mikael enjoy the time with his adopted daughter. Mikael glanced his way and gave him a curt nod.
"I’ll provide any help I can, but we’re short on knights as it is." Lanclor walked over and took the reins from the groom. "Keep me informed of any new developments. I’ll keep in touch. Be safe, Guardsman Mikael."
"Be safe, Sir Lanclor."
Lanclor envied Mikael’s distraction from work, but distractions were something Lanclor couldn’t afford and his wings drooped, not just from the added weight of the rain, as he led his horse from the courtyard toward the castle.

The afternoon mealtime had passed and Lanclor found himself leaning against the wall behind Guardsman Mikael in Royal Guard-Commander Warren's workroom. He knew Mikael took pride in his job, but he bordered on breaking regulations with his black hair falling an inch below the back of his helmet. 
"Commander Warren, I'm here to report on last night's activities."
"Yes, Mikael. Please take a seat. I have to go over things with Sir Lanclor, so please try to make it quick if possible."
"Yes, Sir. We investigated a murder last night, which looks to be another incident of a Changed man. He had been missing for a couple of days when his wife found him in a field. He tried to kill her last night, but somehow fell and struck his head. The blow snapped his neck. That makes ten this month alone."
Warren rose from his chair. "I fear this is becoming an epidemic. That’s why I’ve asked Sir Lanclor to meet with me to discuss it." 
"Is there something he can do about it?" Mikael clenched his hands behind his back, out of sight of his commanding officer.
Lanclor sensed his frustration and remained silent.
"I'm afraid he’ll have to do something." Warren nodded to Lanclor. "The knights are more capable of handling situations that involve dark magic. You know as well as I do that most of the Guardsmen aren’t adept at magic." The Guard-Commander shuffled through some papers signaling an end to that line of discussion.
"I know, Sir, but can't we try to learn more—"
"Enough, Mikael. We’ve already had this conversation three times. You might be a skilled magic user, but the rest of the Royal Guard is not." Guard-Commander Warren sighed then continued in a level voice. "The Guard is here to protect the people from themselves. We’ll handle the thieves, rapists and murderers, and the Knighthood will have to handle any of the evil magic behind it. That's just how it is and how it will always be."
"Yes, Sir." Mikael appeared to have a hard time reining in his frustration. 
Lanclor had heard him mention how tradition had a tendency of getting in the way of investigations. Mikael and some other members of the Royal Guard were capable of investigating a magic-related crime. However, with something of this magnitude, the Knighthood should deal with it.
Mikael sighed in resignation and finished his report, relaxing his hands and assuming the detached posture of a Royal Guardsman. Lanclor’s mind kept wandering back to the words of the widow. 
Hareld was always a gentle soul. 
Lanclor knew people could change, just not overnight.
Chapter 5

A firm knock sounded upon Kathryn’s door. "Come in."
"My name is Elena. I’ve been assigned to clean your chamber." She was a short woman in her twenties with thinning hair and a generous smile.
"Hi, my name’s Kathryn. It's nice to meet you, Elena." Kathryn wasn’t sure if she should leave or just hover in the background. She really just wanted to talk. "Do you mind if I stay while you clean? I haven’t had another woman to talk to for a while now."
"I don’t mind at all. I can work and easily hold a conversation." Elena stripped the bed.
"How is it that you can speak our language? It doesn’t appear to be the chosen one on this world."
"My mother was from Earth. She taught me when I was young."
Someone else had been to this place and yet back home there was no talk of this alternate world. "Your mother was from Earth? How’s that possible? Did she ever find a way back? Well, obviously not, or you probably wouldn’t be here. Sorry, I’m just surprised." Perhaps people mentioned this alternate world and others dismissed it. Just another headline on the news far behind the latest murder or political scandal. "What part of Earth is she from?" 
"Chicago. She told me the story so many times. She was cleaning her sink in the kitchen of her apartment when she blacked out. When she awoke in the middle of the market square, a bunch of Av’lorians gathered around her. A man who spoke English, which is considered an ancient language here, approached her and tried to comfort her." Elena smiled as she tucked the ends of the clean sheet under the mattress. "She was terrified and didn’t believe what was happening, but she learned to live with what happened after cycles of searching for a way back."
It seems like kitchens are a popular starting point. 
"The man who befriended her that day became her husband—my father. She often told me of life back on Earth." She smoothed the fresh sheet and spread clean blankets over the bed. "She told stories of how crime was spreading across her world and I think she was eventually glad to have come to Av’lor. Only when I became an adult did she share that she had been married with a child back on Earth." 
Elena smoothed the blanket and moved toward the tub. "She missed them dearly, but said she never regretted re-marrying and having me. They both died last cycle during an attack on our village."
"I’m sorry to hear that." Kathryn couldn't imagine losing both of her parents. One was hard enough.
"They’ll be missed." Elena smiled at her and sank to her knees to wipe the tub. 
"Elena, what is Av’lor? Is it the afterlife?"
Elena smiled and shook her head. "No. Av’lor is a world parallel to Earth, or at least that’s how my mother explained it to me. I didn’t really understand what she meant. From the histories, the dragons brought a bunch of humans here from Earth to fight their battles."
"What the hell is that?" Kathryn hopped onto the bed, pointing at a creature the size of a rat sitting next to the door. It cleaned its red pointed ears and four eyes with a scaly paw. A long tail with some type of whisker on the end moved back and forth as if watching for danger.
"Oh, it's just a mouse." Elena tried to hide her smile without much success.
"No, that is some type of lizard-bug thing. A mouse is cute and furry." She wasn’t getting off the bed with that thing in there.
Elena laughed. "My mother used to have a fit about the animals here too. I never understood that. Mice are great. They keep the bugs out of your room. It's the cats that you have to worry about. Disgusting things."
"Cats? What do they look like?"
"Similar to the mouse, but blue and about twice the size. They have six eyes instead of four and stubby tails."
"That doesn't sound too bad. Do they kill the mice?" 
"Yeah, they kill the mice. Then when you're sleeping, they gnaw on your toes. My brother lost two toes to a cat when we were growing up."
Kathryn cringed, hugging her knees to her chest. She snuggled her feet beneath the blanket.
"I enjoyed talking to you, Kathryn. I’m all done with your room now. I’ll come every week to change your linens and do some general cleaning. We can continue our talks then."
"I look forward to them. Nice meeting you, Elena." The mouse ran under the tub as Elena approached the door.
"You as well, Kathryn. Be safe." Elena left the room. 
Kathryn just shook her head, regretting the large glass of water she had for lunch. She imagined the mouse just waiting for her foot to touch the floor.

Kathryn awoke in a cold sweat and with a feeling of dread. She could still remember the waking dream with the sound of the knights’ wings and their cries as they fell toward the lake. She’d had the same one for the past week, but it seemed like tonight’s held a sense of urgency. It always ended in the golden knight’s fall. She struggled with herself about telling someone about it. 
Tonight’s version convinced her otherwise. Nobody would care if it was a dream, but if it were a possible future, she would be a fool not to tell someone. She lifted the covers and drew her legs over the edge of the bed. With a deep breath, her bare feet hit the cold floor and she hurried over to her clothes. After she dressed against the chill of the night, she opened the door into the outer room. Rielle’s head swung toward the sound, her hand going for her sword.
"I need to speak with Sir Lanclor."
"It’s the middle of the night. Go back to sleep," Rielle said in an insulting tone, turning back to her book.
What a bitch.
Kathryn's feeling of dread from the dream turned into anger at Rielle's unending scorn. "I need to speak with him now, Rielle," 
Rielle’s head whipped around. "Okay, but if he gets angry, I’m not going to take the brunt of it." She rose, straightened her sword, and led Kathryn through the hall toward Sir Lanclor’s private chambers. They reached his room after a long walk and Rielle knocked against the heavy wooden door. 
There was a gruff reply from the other side of the door and Rielle opened it in response. Sir Lanclor sat at a desk below a bright light globe with a large map in his hands. A helmet covered his head, but his armor sat on the table across the room to her left. He must have put the helmet on just before they came in—some type of secret identity rule. Wings protruded through the slits on the back of his shirt. The black shirt with three buttons undone did nothing to hide his broad chest. His sparse chest hair just visible beneath his thick neck drew Kathryn’s eyes. Just admiring the natives.
"What’s so important that it couldn't wait until morning?" His gruff question pulled her attention to his frowning eyes. 
Such a charming guy.
"Kathryn insisted on speaking with you. She wouldn’t take no for an answer," Rielle answered in a neutral voice.
Sir Lanclor’s eyebrows raised a fraction. "Well? What is it?"
Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea after all. "I’ve been having recurring dreams over the past week. I felt the need to tell you what I saw after tonight’s dream."
"Go on," he said without pause.
"I saw a group of twenty knights in diamond formation with you at the lead and Sir Garrent in the rear. There was a golden knight in the middle among the brown and gray knights. You were flying over a forest with a river running through the middle. The river ended in a waterfall over cliffs to a lake below. I was then looking at you from below, standing on the cliff beside the waterfall and saw you pass overhead. Black shapes flew up from the trees and attacked from the rear." She hoped this was real or they’d probably lock her up. "The battle ended with the golden knight covered in blood and falling toward the lake."
Both Rielle and Sir Lanclor stared at her, unspeaking. 
She wasn’t sure what else to say. "I know it could just be a dream, but it was just so detailed. I felt like I had to tell someone. Since you were leading the knights in the dream, I thought you were the logical choice." Kathryn couldn’t tell what expression passed across Sir Lanclor’s face, since his helmet showed her only his eyes. 
"Thank you for telling me. I’ll think on it. Good night." He looked down at his paperwork and ignored them.
His abrupt dismissal hurried them from the room. "Well, that was a little disturbing," Rielle said as she walked with Kathryn back to the room. "Did you have Sights on Earth as well?"
The question surprised her. "What’s a Sight?"
"Cycles ago, some knights would go into trances, claiming to have seen images of a possible future. The histories call them Seers and their predictions Sights. Some tried to get attention and never accurately predicted anything except with dumb luck. Others helped to avert many disastrous battles. There hasn’t been an occurrence for decades."

After a dreamless sleep the following morning, last night’s events raced through Kathryn's mind while she bathed and dressed. She decided to go across the hall and tell Hal what had happened. Opening her door, she saw Rielle and Nikton deep in conversation. 
"What’s going on?" she asked with tentative steps.
They both stopped talking and looked at her with guilty eyes. 
"I was telling Nikton about what happened last night. He was saying how that would explain Sir Lanclor’s decision this morning about the trip to R’kelo," Rielle said with approval.
"What was Sir Lanclor’s decision?" 
"He decided twenty knights an insufficient escort for Lord Alextor’s party. He brought an additional forty knights and split them into two groups to shadow the main group. That way if Daemons attacked the main party in the rear, the two shadowing groups, flying above, could fall on the enemy from behind. He also decided to use a decoy for Lord Alextor in the main party, another knight in regular armor but spelled to appear golden. Lord Alextor would be in one of the shadow groups," Nikton said in a respectful voice. "That sounds a little excessive to me, but extra caution makes sense after your Sight." 
There it was again. Sight. With the news that Sir Lanclor took her dream seriously, she hoped it was a Sight and not just a nightmare. She would feel awful if she had run to Sir Lanclor about a bad dream like a small child. "Well, I guess we’ll have to wait and see what happens. Do you know if Hal is awake yet?"
"Yeah, I think I heard him stirring in there," Rielle claimed.
Kathryn knocked on Hal’s door and heard a muffled reply for entrance. 
"How’s it going?" he said from the desk in front of the window. 
"Not too bad. You?"
"All right. I didn’t sleep very well, though. I kept tossing and turning. What’s up?"
"I think I may have a small problem." Well, Sir Lanclor wasn’t exactly small. "I’ve been having pretty much the same dream for the last week or so. It involved an ambush and seemed so real that I finally told Sir Lanclor about it, in the middle of the night, no less." She leaned against the wall with a frown.
"Oh my. You’re brave. Sometimes I think that guy hates everyone. They’re afraid of him." He pointed toward the common room. "Could be because he seems angry all of the time and is built like a house. You couldn’t pay me to hold a sword and drill with him like they do." He rose from the chair and leaned on the desk so he was eye level with her. "Anyway, what did he say?"
"Well, I couldn’t tell with his helmet. He dismissed us without comment and that was it. Sir Lanclor decided to take forty extra knights with him on his trip this morning, which I didn’t even know about, and plans to use a decoy for Lord Alextor. Lord Alextor’s their leader, I think." Kathryn paused, unsure if she should continue. "Rielle mentioned something about Seers last night. Maybe the magic of this place is affecting me somehow. A part of me hopes it’s a glimpse of the future just so I don’t look like a nut case and have to face Sir Lanclor’s wrath."
"Well, you're either a nut case or a prophet. I'm not sure which one's worse. We're probably both in an insane asylum together right now." He ran his fingers through his hair. "Trapped in this room all day, it drives me crazy. Back on Earth, I was outside all of the time. Being stuck in here makes me want to turn on the television, not that they have that, either. I guess you’ll find out if it was just a dream or not when they get back."
"Yeah, you’re right. Have you found any paper? We should create a deck of cards or something to pass the time." Kathryn rubbed the back of her neck, looking for anything to distract her from the current situation.
"Sounds good to me," he said with a relieved smile. "Do you know how to play Gin Rummy?"
"Of course."
After creating a crude deck of cards from some paper they scrounged from Rielle and Nikton, they played Gin Rummy for a few hours. 
"Do you have any family back home?" Kathryn asked as she drew from the deck. 
"Yeah. I was on my way home before I got here. I was going to take my son camping. I get him on the weekends." He picked up the ace she discarded and gave her an evil grin. "I know you live in your mom’s old house." His grin faded. "How’s your dad doing?"
She looked down so he couldn’t see the tears in her eyes. "My dad visited the evening before my birthday—the day we came here. Some party."
"Oh, I didn’t know. Happy birthday!" He gave her a huge smile as he discarded a useless four of diamonds. "So, how’s Donny?"
She winced inwardly and drew from the deck. "Not so good." Kathryn knew Donny felt guilty about the accident—he had been the driver after all—but him making up a story to explain it made her so angry. Taking responsibility for his actions was the right thing to do and she had told him just that. Her brother wouldn’t even pick up the phone anymore when she called. "He just needs more time." Donny probably hadn’t noticed her absence.
"Marines are tough bastards. He’ll bounce back."
Yeah, he will, just not on his feet.
"How about you? Married?" she asked.
"No, not married. My son is from a relationship back in high school. I was close to marrying her, but it fell apart after she met my best friend."
"Oh, that kind of thing." Just like her ex-husband. "Are you still friends?" 
"Yeah, we’re all friends now, but back then, I was so angry. Things change, people change. That’s life. Gin!" He laid down his cards—four aces and a group that included the missing club she'd been waiting to collect.
People did change. Earlier this week, she believed Av’lor represented purgatory or even an extremely long dream. Now she leaned more toward the parallel world theory, only because hell couldn’t be this boring. 
Chapter 6

A knock on Hal’s door interrupted their game of cards a few days later. Rielle and Nikton were on the other side standing at attention. 
"Lord Alextor has requested an audience with you, Lady Kathryn," Rielle said in a formal tone. "Please follow me. Quickly."
Kathryn looked at Hal with wide eyes and tried to fix her hair with her fingers. Figures she’d have to meet with the most important knight when she looked her worst. She’d given anything for a hairbrush or even a little eyeliner. Better yet, deodorant, a shower, shampoo, conditioner, and all the little things she had taken for granted. 
A short while later, Rielle and Nikton escorted Kathryn out of the building toward the main part of the castle. They walked too fast for her to enjoy the new surroundings and approached a large door guarded by two knights, one with gray wings and the other with brown. 
"You’re on your own from here," Rielle said. "Good luck."
They moved away as the two guards swung open the doors. Kathryn entered a large room with several chairs and a table off to one side. On the other side stood about a dozen knights, including Sir Lanclor and the golden knight from her dream, Lord Alextor. Sir Lanclor saw her enter and came toward her. His limp drew her gaze to the dent in his armor on his right thigh. 
"Come with me and I’ll introduce you to Lord Alextor." He took her arm and steered her through the group of knights with a firm grip.
 She felt as though she made her way through a small forest of armored trees with most of the knights towering over her. Each one looked down and gave her a courteous nod of their helmet. They approached Lord Alextor whose armor showed several dents as well. Like every other knight she’d ever met, he kept his helmet on so only his dark brown eyes showed. 
"Milord, this is the woman I told you about. May I present Lady Kathryn, a native of Earth." Sir Lanclor released her arm and stepped back as a hush fell upon the group. 
Lady Kathryn? There it was again. Must be some type of promotion. 
"Lady Kathryn, your presence honors us," Lord Alextor said in flawless English. "I know I speak for everyone when I say that without you, our lives would have been lost. Lanclor told me about your Sight and advised extra caution. Without the extra forty knights, we wouldn’t be standing here. With that said, I’d like to honor you with some type of reward. Can we help you? Perhaps give you access to our libraries to search for a way back to your home world. Or is there another request we may be able to honor?"
Her eyes wide with shock, Kathryn didn’t respond right away. If she hadn’t told Sir Lanclor, these knights would have been floating, or rather sinking, in the lake. Either that, or the Daemons would have dined on them oyster-style, plucking them out of their armor. Her dream had saved the lives of the people in this room. She’d have to think on that later. The opportunity to utilize the libraries was too good to pass up. 
She remembered the numerous fantasy novels she'd read back on Earth and how formal she should probably be to a King—or whatever. "I’m speechless, Milord. Your generous offer honors me. However, I’d like Hal also to have access to the libraries. It would enable us to search for information about our home world together." She held her breath.
"I haven’t met Hal, but he’ll also be allowed access to our libraries. You should have more than just that. If you can think of anything else, just let me know and we can discuss it. Now if you’ll excuse us, we have a lot to discuss. Thank you again for your assistance. Lanclor, would you please escort Lady Kathryn back to her room?" Sir Lanclor nodded to Lord Alextor and they left the room. 
Once outside the meeting room, Sir Lanclor let go of her arm and started walking away from the large door. It took him several steps to realize she hadn’t followed. 
"Is there something amiss, Lady Kathryn?"
She needed to gather her thoughts and figure out what had just happened. She had seen a glimpse of the future. Did that mean every dream was a glimpse, or only the persistent ones? Why was Sir Lanclor, the most offensive knight she’d met so far, calling her Lady Kathryn? "What happened during the trip?"
"Let’s walk and I’ll tell you."
She nodded, walking next to him toward her room.
"I always take warnings seriously, no matter what the source." He gave her a quick glance. "I decided to bring forty extra knights and use a decoy in Lord Alextor’s place in the main group. I split the extra knights into two parties with one flying high above and the other just low enough to watch our backs." Sir Lanclor gestured with his hands to indicate the positions.
"It happened as you said. As soon as the main group flew over the Floalkel Falls, one of my officers in the lower of the two groups signaled about the Daemons flying up from the forest. There were about forty Daemons and our small group of twenty wouldn’t have stood a chance. Just when they thought they had the advantage of a rear surprise attack, we split our group and flew upwards. As the Daemons followed, our two other groups fell upon them like a hammer on an anvil." He smacked his fist into his palm.
"We dove back down and flanked them. There were a few injuries on our side, but we destroyed the Daemons. Without your warning, Av’lor would have fallen apart without the Knighthood and its rightful leader. You’ll now be addressed with respect." 
His unspoken "or else" hung in the air. By the time he finished his tale, they entered the North Wing. "Please let me know when Hal and you would like to visit the library. Be safe." He turned on his heel and strode back toward the castle. 
Kathryn filled Hal in on the events a few minutes later.
 "Thank God!" Hal exclaimed. "I can only stand so much solitude." 
"I’m glad you’re looking forward to it. I can't think of anything else to ask of them. What if I ask them for something and they get offended?"
"Oh, don’t worry, Lady Kathryn. I’m sure they would forgive you," he said with a theatrical bow.

Several days later, Kathryn lay in her bed after an exhausting day of reading in the library. Her mind raced with needless information on unicorns and dragons. She couldn’t tell if the authors were serious about them being real. Their descriptions certainly didn’t fit the standard idea of the mythical creatures. Sighing, she stared at the ceiling and then noticed the light from the fire seemed to brighten. She flinched from the light, closing her eyes but unable to escape it.
The early morning light subdued the bright colors of their hats. Like rainbow prairie dogs, they popped up and pelted each other with snowballs, then dropped back behind their forts. The kids’ battle raged in front of the Harrington Elementary School sign in defiance of school still being open after a nor'easter dumped a foot of snow on the small Pennsylvania town. Exaggerated sounds of pain changed in pitch and intensity. 
The black shapes of the Daemons stood out against the white ground, soon a sickening shade of red. The Daemons tore through their bodies like tissue paper. Little blonde pigtails, sticky with blood, clung to the Daemon’s claws as it held a girl’s head. The smell of the blood defiled the clean scent of the fresh snow. Snow banks muffled the grunts of the Daemons, but couldn’t suppress the screaming. 
Kathryn’s vision cleared and she again stared at the ceiling, but gripped the sheet with white knuckles. No longer able to suppress her sobs, she crossed her arms in an attempt to ease the pain. The detailed images from the Sight raced through her mind and she rubbed her temples in frustration. She longed for the comfort of family. Someone to tell her everything would be all right. Her mother would know what to do. Kathryn had been so close to her mom, she felt like a part of her had died with her. 
A part of her had died. Kathryn grabbed a pillow and squeezed it against her, remembering Rachel’s lanky six-year-old frame and mischievous smile. She had loved putting her hair into pigtails and running around singing Katy Perry songs. Her CDs and hair ties lay trapped in a box, and even her favorite stuffed animal, Ella, was out of reach. Kathryn had nothing but memories of Rachel. Now she was alone, on an alien world or in some type of hell, losing her mind with images of dead children. 
No friends. No family. Just herself. Why was she still here? Maybe she shouldn’t be.
A soft scuffling to her left drew her eye to the mouse on her bed. The fire behind it outlined its alien profile. It just sat there, shivering and staring at her. Kathryn rolled onto her side, expecting the mouse to bolt. The little guy took a hesitant step toward her.
In awe, she watched the mouse walk over and snuggle between her chest and the bed. He shivered and she realized the nights weren’t as warm as when she'd arrived a few weeks ago. She extended a gentle finger and stroked his scaly back. He made a low thrumming sound, similar to a cat’s purr, but more like the sound of a cricket. The edge of her loneliness dulled just a little.
You have to use the Sights, not fall into despair whenever you have one.
"What? Who said that?" she looked at the mouse in wonder.
I’m not a damn mouse. Unbelievable, you are an idiot. 
She looked around the room in alarm and the mouse bolted off the bed. 
An airy sigh filled her mind. I’m in your head. I’m the one who saved your ass when you first got here. Twice. My name’s Jakob. Pleased to meet ya.
Chapter 7

"Who the hell are you and why are you in my head?" Kathryn should admit herself to a mental hospital and get it over with.
Just calm down. No, you’re not insane, so pull yourself together and suck it up.
Easy for him to say. She had some nasty old man inside her head probably drooling when she looked at herself in the mirror.
That’s not true. I’m not nasty. Dry laughter tickled her mind. In all seriousness, we should be able to have a conversation without you dragging in your insecurities or fearing for your sanity.
Says the voice inside her head.
No sarcasm. We need to talk while there’s still time. You’re not insane; you just have a passenger is all. It happens quite often on this world. I’ve been around for centuries and most people find it an honor to…how should I say it so you’d understand…Let me drive?
"You are definitely not going to drive my body. It’s like the damn Exorcist." Kathryn massaged her temples. Perhaps she had fallen asleep after all. She should have known doing that much reading before bed was a bad idea.
Perhaps drive wasn’t the right word. Think of me as someone with centuries of experience who’s offering to share my knowledge with you. 
"You make it sound so innocent. It’s like those movies where the bad guy used to be a good guy until the demon tricked him." Kathryn threw off the blankets and sat on the edge of the bed. If Av'lor was hell, it would make sense that she had a demon inside of her.
I’m no demon. I’m an idiot who offered myself to the dragons to carry on the knowledge of our ancestors. Death on this world doesn’t always have the same meaning as on Earth. It’s not my intention to take over your mind and body, although I’ve had to do that a few times before with others. I’ll be honest and say this could end badly if you don’t consider your options.
"Great, now I’m being threatened by the voice inside my head." Kathryn thumped backward spreading her arms along the wrinkled blanket. "What are my options?"
I’ve studied your knowledge of computers. Fascinating things. You’re stubborn and your mind is very strong, so my greatest fear if you continue to fight me is you will go crazy. I can’t act like a computer virus and take over your mind or your internal firewall will nuke us both. Your brain will crash if I just upload all of my memories to it, so that’s not an option either. The only thing I can think of is partitioning your memories with an interface into your subconscious.
"I’m not a damn computer and my brain isn’t a hard drive." 
You’d be surprised how similar they are. A slow stream of knowledge wouldn’t overload your mind and I could pass on what I need to. I wouldn’t be in the forefront of your mind…looking at you in the mirror for instance.
"So, let me guess. I’m the chosen one and I have to save the world. I have to find the ‘one ring’ to rule them all and everyone will live happily ever after?"
Sorry to disappoint you, but no. My last host died in the Barrens and you were the first to show up. I would have preferred a strong male warrior, but now I’m stuck with you. If I had waited a while longer, then I could have had Hal. There’s no magic talisman to save the world and I doubt you will single-handedly save Av’lor. Happy is not a word I associate with this place. Life expectancy on this world isn’t very long, so you'll need all the help you can get.
"You’re so inspiring." She lay in silence for a while, forcing herself not to think of anything. "Are you the source of the Sights?"
I’m not the source, but the conduit. I suffered through them as well when I was still alive. Scared the hell out of me.
"I don’t understand. Who’s the source then?"
When I was alive, I wasn’t alone in my head either. 
"Great, now we’re talking not one, but two people in my head."
She’s not a person.
"Not a person. Are we talking a demon or a fluffy bunny with horns? You gotta give me more than that." She swallowed the lump in her throat. "Is she evil?"
I’m not sure what she is, but I don’t think she’s evil. I don’t think there’s such a thing as good and evil here. We’re on one side and the Daemons are on the other. The Daemons aren’t exactly evil; they just view us as sheep with weapons. They come from a dying world and our enemies promised them food, or so the histories say. Whoever’s in charge of our side pulled a bunch of humans from Earth and gave them the option to fight as well. Of course, the option to fight or die isn’t really a choice, but I’d say we’ve made the best of it.
"We’re slaves."
We’re survivors. We don’t have masters driving us to fight; we fight for our families to survive. Our masters left a long time ago. I think the Sights are the residue of their guidance. 
Her mind struggled to understand, but her body’s exhaustion dragged her into a dreamless sleep. 

The next morning, she awoke to the dawn light shining through her window. She struggled with the decision to stay beneath the warm blankets or to give in to her need to relieve her bladder. The more she tried to relax her body, the more her mind focused on having to get up. Images of last night’s Sight intruded into her thoughts.
Instead of blonde pigtails, she saw brown ones instead. Her guilt rose to the surface and she remembered the coffins descending into the ground. With a shaking hand, she had thrown the earth atop her mother’s coffin, and then another upon Rachel’s empty one. The police had dragged the river for two weeks before declaring her dead. Kathryn would never feel Rachel’s little hand clutch hers again.
Snap out of it! 
"Jakob?"
Do you have any other men in here?
"I thought you were just a dream." 
Wake up and smell the horseshit. Av'lor isn't a dream. It isn't hell. It's not a hallucination. You're on a parallel world and here you can make a difference, rather than sitting on your ass in a cubicle. You need to accept that some things are beyond your control. The Sights offer guidance. They’re not just sent to you so you can bitch and moan about your situation and lay in bed with your regrets. If one Sight doesn’t provide answers, try relaxing your mind and waiting for the next one. They tend to come in pairs if your mind makes the first one end prematurely.
"You want me to lay here and wait for another one? Are you insane? The first one was bad enough." She threw back the blankets and walked to the toilet, too disgusted to care about the cold stone against her feet or the old man watching her squat over the bucket. "Besides, how am I supposed to stop the Daemons from getting to Earth and killing those kids?"
Well, if you’d get your ass back into bed, you might find out. 
She finished washing her hands in the ice-cold basin, shivering as she dried her hands and stepped from foot to foot. With a sigh, she walked back and slid under the covers. "I’m only under here because I need to thaw out."
Right. His laugh echoed inside her head. 
Rubbing her feet together, she eventually calmed as the blankets trapped what little warmth she had left. Yawning, she figured she would at least be able to get a little extra sleep if nothing else. She stiffened when the white haze moved across her vision, then relaxed in defeat. The Sight would play out no matter how rigid she held herself. 
She stood upon the battlements and gazed upon the splendor of the setting sun. The sunsets on Av'lor were beautiful. The purples and reds almost hurt the eye with their intensity. She glanced to her left and smiled at Hal. He gave her a sad smile and placed his armored hand upon her shoulder. Her guilt lightened, but didn’t fade. Forgiveness needed time. He leapt off the wall and glided to the courtyard below. The colors drew her eyes back to the sunset. She wrapped her wings around herself against the approaching chill.
The white haze lifted and Kathryn blinked in the silence. The knights’ imperfections should have made it obvious that they were human, but in Kathryn’s mind, she thought they were…something else.
Of course, they’re human, girl. Don’t be an idiot. 
"I’m supposed to become a knight? That’s ridiculous. I’m not exactly large enough to wear armor and swing a sword hard enough to do much damage. I can hardly chew gum and walk at the same time, so how am I supposed to fly and fight monsters without killing myself?"
You’d be surprised. Some of the greatest knights in history were smallish, but their knowledge of magic made them a force to be reckoned with. It’s not your strength with a blade that will help; it’s your knowledge of magic.
"I have no knowledge of magic. I didn’t even believe magic was possible before I came here." She remembered the fire ripping through the bodies of the Daemons and felt her stomach churn.
Well, if you surrender yourself to me, then I can help you in that department.
He made it sound like she was a virgin at the prom. Slimy old man.
I can hear your thoughts you know. Why do you keep calling me an old man? I was only a little older than you were when I…moved on.
"Sorry. I think it’s the rasp in your voice. I picture an old man with a white beard passing on his knowledge."
Well, not many live to be that old here, at least in the knighthood. You don’t really have an option. Whether you become a knight or not, I have to pass on my knowledge to you or you could lose your grip on reality, and I could lose my chance of ever moving on. Becoming a knight is the answer, according to the Sight, but you could find another way. I’d think every person would want to be able to fly.
She weighed her options, finding the idea of fighting for the kids back home to be the best motivation. Flying just didn’t appeal to her, but walking around and trying to fight the Daemons from the ground wasn’t logical. Her fighting the Daemons was ludicrous, but she had defeated them upon her arrival, so maybe the idea wasn't completely crazy after all. Still, she hesitated.
What is it? What’s holding you back?
"I’m afraid of heights."
Chapter 8

A short while later, Kathryn lay in bed and wondered if she had imagined everything. She surrendered herself to Jakob and besides a slight headache, she felt no different. Still balanced on the edge of an abyss, she felt no desire to get up and face another boring day in the library or to play endless games of cards with Hal. Without someone to share anything with, life was pointless.
You’re not a damn Hallmark card. Get your ass out of bed and stop feeling sorry for yourself, Jakob’s voice whispered.
"I think I have the right to some self-pity, thank you very much. Let me mope for a few more minutes and leave me alone." Kathryn snorted in disgust. 
You know, if you talk aloud to me, people will think you’re crazy. 
She sighed and slid her legs over the edge of the bed. I thought you were supposed to be silent now.
We won’t be able to talk much longer. I wanted to say I’m sorry for your loss. You kept those memories hidden earlier, so I had no idea. Things will get better.
Kathryn wiped her eyes. They have to get better since they can’t get any worse. I’m going to take a bath now. Get lost.
With quick hops, she made it over to the bathtub and promised herself she would keep her shoes next to the bed from now on. A rug or something on the ice-cold stone floor would do wonders to improve her mood in the morning. The sound of light scratching at the door made her groan with annoyance.
"Just a few minutes!" Eerily, it reminded her of life before the accident. Always interrupted when she was in the bathroom. With someone standing right outside the door, it made it hard not to feel rushed. Giving up on a bath, she pulled on some clothes, unlocked the door and revealed Hal leaning against the doorjamb.
"Morning Kate. I’m sorry, but I was worried when you didn’t get up at your usual early hour. Is everything okay?" 
Her stomach took its cue and growled in protest. "Everything’s fine." She just had a guy in her head and they had to join the knighthood to save the children. "I’m starving, so let’s go eat and I’ll tell you about the two Sights I had."

"So, you saw us as knights?" Hal’s low voice didn’t carry beyond their table. 
"Yeah. The first Sight showed Daemons on Earth and the second showed us as knights." Kathryn fiddled with her empty fruit bowl, unsure if she’d convinced him or not. She couldn’t tell him about Jakob. Claiming to see the future was one thing, hearing voices was something else entirely. She almost laughed aloud.
"I’m sorry, but I don’t think that’s the way to go. What if we did find a way back to Earth? We can’t exactly go back with wings attached to our backs. Sure, we’d never have to buy a plane ticket again, but they’d lock us up in a lab somewhere." Hal stacked his dishes with hers and brought their tray to the return cart. 
They headed back to her room in silence. She couldn’t tell him that she didn’t care if she made it home. Av’lor wasn’t exactly her home, but neither was Earth anymore. Her father and brother were there, but they were only shells of their former selves. "Maybe it’s reversible?"
"We need to talk to someone who’s familiar with the war." Hal ran his hand through his overgrown hair. "Why the Daemons and the knights are at war and what’s at stake. We’re basing all of our ideas around a situation we know nothing about. I’m not going to alter myself unless that’s the only option."
Kathryn’s door stood ajar and she smiled at Elena’s hunched form over the tub. "Hi Elena, we were hoping you could answer a few questions for us about Av’lor." She closed the door behind them.
"Good morning, Lady Kathryn, Hal. Ask away."
"Why are the Daemons and knights at war? Why are they fighting, besides the knights not wanting to be eaten by the Daemons?" Kathryn stood beside Hal in front of the door.
Elena sat upon the bed. "Well, I only know as much as my father knew, since my mother never bothered to learn the history of Av'lor. According to my father, the Daemons had stripped their home world of food. In the ancient wars, they allied with our enemy and wanted the world of Kelah’Sik as a reward for their help. After only the Daemons remained and the world of Kelah’Sik seemed out of reach, the Daemons somehow found out about the portal back to Earth. The knights believe this is what motivates them, a link to a world with plentiful food. They don’t seem to care for the native creatures here on Av'lor. Maybe the magic gives them a bad flavor?"
They stared at her in shock. 
"Portal back to Earth? You mean there’s a known way back home and nobody ever thought to mention it to us?" Hal's angry voice echoed into the room. 
Kathryn stood with a puzzled look. It didn’t make any sense for them to keep it a secret. Why hadn’t Jakob mentioned it? Come to think of it, it seemed obvious that there had to be some type of portal if the Daemons were supposed to get to Earth.
"It’s a known way, but it hasn't been used for a long time. I think they used to use it every fifty cycles to replenish our horse bloodlines and get more domestic animals, but everyone believed plagues and war had contaminated Earth. Even after people from Earth still appeared here and contested that theory, nobody could open the portal. The knowledge to open it was lost. You could say we have the door to Earth, but we lost the key," Elena said, frowning.
"This war doesn’t make any sense then. The knights can’t open the portal, so even if they lose and the Daemons take over, they can’t open it to Earth anyway." Hal snorted in disgust. 
"That’s the answer, Hal. Go ahead and take a stroll, grab a Daemon and explain that to him." Kathryn walked over to the bed and sat next to Elena. 
"Maybe we can find the key in the library." Hal paced in front of the bed, his shoes slapping against the stone floor. "We find the key, return to Earth, and then we don’t have to worry about the war."
"That kind of defeats the purpose. They’d suddenly be able to open the portal, and then if the Daemons did win, they’d make it to Earth." 
"Then we can have them destroy the key after we’re through." 
"What about Av’lor?" Elena’s question stopped Hal’s pacing. "You both are so focused on yourselves that you dismiss the people of this world. We’ve been fighting this war to protect Earth for centuries and all you want to do is return home and pretend we don’t exist."
As Hal shook his head, Kathryn squared her shoulders and turned toward him. "It's decided then. That's what we have to do."
"What? What are you talking about?" Hal gave her a blank look.
"The last Sight. The only way to protect Earth is to become knights. It seems so obvious."
"Obvious? There has to be another way."
Kathryn sighed and gave him a patient look. "The final Sight showed us as knights. That has to be the way to protect Earth. Why would I have Sights about Earth and the destruction, and then have a Sight about us peacefully watching a sunset here on Av'lor as knights? I don't know what the Sights are, divine guidance or what, but it seems like we have to become knights. Maybe that's the only way we can discover how to unlock the portal and return home, saving Av’lor in the process."
Hal still seemed unconvinced. "We should become knights, grow some wings, wear some armor, and kill a few Daemons? Why would the knights protect a portal that doesn’t work? How can two extra knights make a difference in a war that’s been going on for this long?" He sighed and started rubbing his temples. "I have to admit I understand your reasoning. I can imagine what would happen to Earth if the Daemons made it through the portal. My son…I’d kill every Daemon on this world to protect him."
"I’d do the same for my family. So, you agree that I should ask Lord Alextor for permission for us to join the Knighthood?" Kathryn asked.
"Doesn’t seem like we have a better option." Hal crossed his arms and left the room. 
Elena sat quietly as she listened to the exchange. 

Chapter 9

The jingle of tack and the breathing of tired horses filled the moonlit night. Lanclor, Royal Guardsman Mikael and his men rode for a couple of hours to reach the isolated village. So far, there were no survivors. 
"Sir Mikael, we found signs of a struggle a short way into the woods near some caves. There’s a dead Daemon with black quills in its chest," Guardsman Niser reported. 
Lanclor looked around. Another unexplained instance of black quills killing Daemons. He was sure porcupigs didn’t get big enough to cause that much damage. No people yet, so he hoped he didn’t have to add another enemy to their list. 
"Lead the way. We only have a few hours of darkness left and I want plenty of time to return to the castle before the threat of sunlight," Mikael said with a glance toward Lanclor. The Daemons had poor night vision, so the darkness was the only time they could move safely between villages. 
"Yes, Sir." Guardsman Niser steered his horse toward the pathway into the forest and led the way to the caves. They had to dismount a short distance from the caves since the narrow path cramped the horses. 
There was blood everywhere, along with claw marks and what looked like grooves where human hands had tried to grab onto the ground—most likely in an attempt to escape. 
"Poor bastard." Lanclor shook his head, all too familiar with this type of death. The Daemon lay on its side a short distance from the torn ground. Two black barbs protruded from its chest. There was no sign of its recent victim.
"There's nothing we can do here. Let's head back to the castle while we safely can." Mikael gestured back the way they had come.
Lanclor would have to add this to his report. Changed men. Daemons with black quills. He had a feeling the two were related, but just didn't know how. 
A whine from the caves caught his attention. Mikael drew his sword and motioned for a torch. 
"Keep your guard up." Mikael led the way into the cave with the flickering torch illuminating little beyond the cave’s stalagmites. Glowing eyes regarded them a short distance into the cave, disappearing with the creature's blinking.
"Niser, get an arrow ready," Mikael said without looking away from the eyes. "Come on out here. We won’t hurt you." The creature made no move to obey and backed farther into the cave with a whine. Sighing, Mikael sheathed his sword and knelt, extending his hand toward the creature. "Come on boy, I won’t hurt you." The creature relented and walked into the light. 
"By the Goddess, is that what I think it is? I thought they were extinct." Lanclor’s quiet voice echoed in the cave.
The large dog cowered before Mikael, shaking in fear with its tail between its legs. The torchlight reflected off its shiny black coat. 
"What’s it doing way out here?" Niser asked after lowering his bow.
As Mikael laid his hand upon the dog’s head, the poor animal shuddered and shoved its body into Mikael, knocking him off balance. It lunged at his face, drowning him with its slobbery tongue.
"Help, get him off me!" Mikael laughed, trying to push the dog away. 
"Looks like you have a new pet," Lanclor said in a jealous tone.

"Mikael, I don't want to go to school tomorrow," Jenna said, looking down and trying not to giggle as the black dog from the cave licked her toes. 
Lanclor smiled beneath his helmet.
"Jenna, why don't you want to go to school? Did something happen?" Mikael frowned and clenched his jaw.
"No…I mean…yes…the other kids," Jenna paused, her smile fading, "they laugh at me and call me names."
"Why do they laugh at you? What do they call you?" 
Lanclor saw the fear in Mikael’s eyes masked with a questioning smile.
"They call me 'Gimpy' and they laugh when I say I'm going to be in the Royal Guard when I grow up. Why do they have to say that? I know I'm different, but that doesn't mean I can't do the things I want to do when I grow up. My teachers told me so." Her little lip quivered and she was close to tears.
Lanclor’s heart clenched at the only fear Mikael had ever voiced. Children could be so cruel. When they saw another kid with a physical problem, they pounced like dire wolves on a newborn calf. Jenna's missing hand wasn't her fault and the others shouldn't hold it against her. 
The other kids not picking on her sooner surprised Lanclor. Their parents probably warned them not to; knowing the attack that had cost Jenna her hand had also cost Mikael’s wife her life. Marilynn had been a brave woman and held off the Daemons as long as possible. Mikael arrived before the Daemons took more than Jenna's hand.
"You can do anything you want, Jenna," Mikael said with confidence. "Don’t let anyone ever tell you different. The other kids are only picking on you because they’re not smart enough to realize that people can overcome anything if they’re strong and stubborn enough."
"You're right, Mikael, I'm sorry I let them get to me. This isn’t enough to stop me from doing what I want." She waved her left stump in front of her face. "I'm going to go to bed now." Jenna gave Mikael a quick peck on the cheek, smiled at Lanclor, and then ran to her room.
A sad smile came to Mikael’s face as she raced to her room. Marrilynn, Lanclor’s youngest sister, had been gone for several cycles, but Lanclor’s heart still ached every time he thought of her. Nobody could ever take her place in their lives. Lanclor saw so much of her in Jenna, even though they weren’t related, that at times he thought she was looking out of Jenna’s eyes. He hoped she liked what she saw.
Chapter 10

To say Kathryn was nervous would be a gross understatement. Hal and she were about to enter a selection process against numerous candidates from another world that spoke a completely different language. Rielle and Nikton remained by their sides to offer as interpreters. 
They had to endure one month of magic class and weapons drills. The knight leading the magic class was a tall, lean man with gray wings and dull gray armor. Like most of the knights, he never took off his helmet. They even wore their helmets during meals using a small flap to gain access to their mouths. It was like talking to a pot with eyes. 
"My name is Jakara. I’ll be your Assessor in the realm of magic. Did I give you permission to speak?" he demanded of their translators in a stern voice.
"We’re the translators for these two candidates. They’re from Earth and don’t speak the common tongue," Rielle declared with some annoyance. 
Kathryn knew Lord Alextor had told everyone of their presence, but Assessor Jakara chose to single them out anyway. The bug up his ass must have crawled in there and died.
"Oh, yes, I forgot the Earthlings would be in my class," he said the word Earthlings with undisguised malice. "As I was saying, I’ll be your Assessor in the realm of magic. You’ll be required to perform ten simple spells by the end of the training. If you’re unable to perform these spells, you won’t make it into the Knighthood. The spells are as follows: fire, ice, water, levitation of objects, fire shield, ice shield, water shield, deflection, teleportation of objects, and holding. All of these spells are simple, and honestly, not very effective. They’re simply a test to see if you’re capable of working with the spells and pronouncing the syllables of the magic language.
"If the Goddess recognizes your skill, then you should have no problem performing these spells. The speaking of the incantation is a plea to the Goddess to allow you to cast the spell. This is why you need to make sure you pronounce it correctly. You’ll find the books under your cots. After today, you’ll need to have them with you for this assessment every day. If you fail to bring them, then there’s no assessment for you that day and no opportunity to make up the time."
He spent the next hour going through some of the spells and explaining the proper pronunciation. Kathryn’s mind wandered back to Jakob and whether or not his gift would allow her to remember the spells. She had tried to take French in high school, but could never seem to memorize the list of words each week. Failing French didn’t have the same impact as failing this would. The magic should be the easy part; it was the sword that worried her.
Their weapons assessment took place in a small courtyard. They lined up and waited until the Assessor arrived. 
"If our Assessor is Sir Lanclor, I’m going to hurt you," Hal said to her under his breath with almost humor. 
"Oh, yeah, I remember now. Something about turning tail and running if he came at you with a sword," she said with a smile.
He scowled. "Maybe you aren’t afraid of having some seven-foot guy in armor come at you with a sword, but we sane people tend to want to avoid that situation."
Sir Lanclor wasn’t really seven feet, maybe 6’5", but his wings added almost another foot. 
"Good morning, candidates. My name is Sir Lanclor and I’ll be your Assessor in the realm of battle. We don’t expect you to be able to go out and fight Daemons after this assessment, but simply to have a basic knowledge of swordsmanship and be able to identify various foes.
"We’ll meet four times per week. Half of our meetings will deal with drilling, while the other half will involve the discussion of specific foes—what they look like, what their weaknesses and strengths are, and in which area of Av’lor you’ll find them. You’ll pass this assessment if you’re physically able to complete the drills and answer various questions about specific foes. 
"Knowing your enemy is the key to defeating him. As for the drill, it will not only be swordplay, but also weapon maintenance and formation marching. This is critical in your future role as a knight. Until you show me you’re incapable of learning this information, I’ll assume all of you will make it into the Knighthood. I hope my assumption will not be proven incorrect."
Sir Lanclor surprised Kathryn with his encouragement. He always seemed on the verge of losing his temper. Something in the way he held his wings made her think he would leap into the sky at any moment or attack anyone who annoyed him. She hoped she could stay on his good side or the next month would be difficult.
"I’m one of the few drill instructors who think initial instruction with metal weaponry is the only way for a candidate to build enough strength and respect to use that weapon effectively. Many instructors start their candidates with a wooden weapon, and then move to metal weapons after the candidate has proven ability with the wooden weapon. Playing with a stick and drilling with a metal sword are vastly different."
Sir Lanclor began pacing their lines, pausing at times to look each of them in the eye. When he stopped in front of Kathryn, she caught a subtle smell of cinnamon. It reminded her of apple pie and she felt a sudden longing for home. She thought he looked at her just a little longer than the others before moving on.
"You’ll never get used to the weight of a metal sword if you don’t start out with it. However, I’m not a barbarian who will give an untrained recruit a sharp weapon without some type of protection for his foe. All of the swords, when used for training, are under a blunting spell so you can’t chop your fellow candidate's arm off—or your own. 
"Also, the padded armor is spelled to not allow the wearer to come to harm, but uses colored markings to mimic the intensity of the wound; the darker the color, the worse the wound." He illustrated by striking a sword against a brown shield. The light wounds were yellow while the harder ones were red.
"With that in mind, I would ask that you please come and select a sword one at a time. These swords are all of the finest quality. If you make it into the Knighthood, you may choose to keep the sword you started with. Sometimes a sword will seem like it calls to you. These swords have a magic all of their own, but many people don’t realize that the sword isn’t really calling to them; it senses your potential calling to it and responds in kind. We’ll save the selection of the armor until after you learn to care for your sword. Please proceed."
They walked in a single-file line toward the racks of swords. Sir Lanclor encouraged them to let people take as much time as needed to find the sword made for them. Some went to the rack and seemed to select a sword at random. When she was the third person from the front, Kathryn decided to look at the racks of swords to see if there was one that caught her eye. She could only see the first two racks and didn’t see how one sword was different from another. She glanced over at Sir Lanclor’s sheathed black sword and wondered if it were the one he selected during his training. He noticed her look and walked over.
"Do you have a question?"
"Did you choose that sword the same way we’re choosing ours?"
"Yes. It wasn’t the same then. For some people the sword ends up Evolving. For most, the changes are subtle; maybe a little added color or a rune or two. For others, their sword never changes. This doesn’t mean they don’t have potential. It just means they won't focus on weaponry.
"Many of the Graywings, the magically gifted knights, have plain swords because their focus is on magic and not weaponry. The Brownwings, those more focused on battle and less on magic, have a tendency to have Evolved swords. Then there are Soulbearers. Their swords go beyond Evolved and become Transformed. It’s your turn to choose your sword." He gestured to the racks and stepped away.
She walked past the swords in the first and second rows, but didn't feel any pull toward a certain one. There was only one row left. If she didn’t feel a pull, she was just going to pick one. There's no sense in looking like an idiot. She was more than halfway through the last row when she noticed it. No magical blue glow announced its presence and it didn’t sing out for her. The simple sword reminded her of the first time she held Rachel. She reached out and gripped the hilt. Her vision filled with white and then shapes came into focus.
The sheer number of Daemons flooding from the portal staggered her. She floated above the ground about 100 yards from the portal with a squad of knights at her back. A large army of knights and horses gathered at the edge of the valley before a river. The army of knights resembled ants standing their ground against a water hose. She cast spell after spell, but where a dozen Daemons fell, two dozen more took their place. 
The flow of the Daemons slammed into the knights on the ground and fires spread around the valley. Screams echoed throughout the valley from men, horses and Daemons. She fell to the ground as a Daemon severed her wing, and then watched her friends die around her. Earth would fall with the knights' deaths and now she’d lose everything she’d gained.
Kathryn felt the rapid beating of her heart and put her free hand to her chest in an attempt to suppress her horror. The smell of burning flesh filled her nose and her eyes stung from the smoke. She didn’t know how long she had stood there with her hand gripping the sword. When her eyes focused, she saw Sir Lanclor standing behind the row of swords and watching her eyes. It seemed he dared not touch her for fear she might harm him in some way. She knew Sir Lanclor had seen the look of terror on her face. 
"Is everything okay?" he asked quietly in his accented English.
"Y-Yes. I guess I was just daydreaming. Sorry, Sir Lanclor."
She recovered her senses, grabbed the sheath for the sword, and walked over to where the other armed candidates waited before Sir Lanclor could say more. The candidates gave her odd looks and she could tell they thought she was out of her mind or had pretended the sword had spoken to her to impress someone. Kathryn wished that were the case. She remembered every detail of the vision. Hal finally selected his sword, also in the last row, and walked toward her. 
"What was that all about? Did your sword talk to you or something?" he asked as he attempted to adjust his grip on his weapon without dropping it. 
"Did you feel any type of pull from your sword?" she asked, trying to change the subject.
He took the hint. "It didn't call to me or anything, but I felt as though this was the strongest one in the bunch. I don't know why. I just knew I could count on it." He sounded like he would start caressing his sword and reading it poetry.
"Would you two like to be alone?" she asked with one eyebrow raised.
"If everyone could follow me, I’ll show you how to maintain your weapon. Before each session, I’ll thoroughly inspect everyone's gear," Sir Lanclor said as he led them toward the north end of the courtyard.
Chapter 11

Just over a week later, Kathryn sat alone in her room and finished reading the last of her magic assignment, again. In the beginning, she feared Jakob had tricked her. Since she didn't believe in the Goddess, she didn't see how asking Her to activate a spell would work. Sighing, she closed the book and traced its indented designs with her forefinger. 
"She must really like me." More likely, she liked Jakob and it had nothing whatsoever to do with Kathryn.
While the other candidates struggled to perform their spells, she could perform hers on the first try. The second day, she read the fire spell in the common room and created a small fire globe in her palm. Awed and with a happy smile, she looked up to see the others staring at her, frowning. She had packed up her things and had left the common room. 
Learning afterwards from Rielle that the other recruits had been trying to perform the fire spell for hours without success, Kathryn could see how they would think she had showed off and probably resented her now. The language barrier prevented her from going back down to the common room to explain; afraid she would only offend them somehow. Even Hal seemed annoyed that she could perform a spell on her first try while it took him about twenty tries to get it right, if at all. 
Not wanting further to embarrass her fellow candidates in class, she seldom raised her hand to show the Assessor that she had mastered the spell. Assessor Jakara interpreted her lack of participation as ineptitude. Whenever he spoke of other people whom failed the class, he would always look at her with a scowl. She had learned to despise that arrogant ass.
Rielle had spelled all of the descriptions to be in English, so Hal and Kathryn could read them without a translator. Last week, Kathryn had decided to read ahead and learn a few more spells. She had ended up reading the entire book and could perform the spells without thinking. The book of spells consisted of pages of long alien words that she found somehow familiar, with their pronunciation, a detailed description of what each one did and how to counter or block it. Although she never let it show, she was terrified. 
When she would read a spell, she would know how to pronounce it before she looked at the pronunciation guide. Instead of learning the spells, it was like refreshing her memory. She knew Jakob’s memories seeped into her mind, but the creepiness factor still made her feel inadequate. She hadn’t heard from Jakob since his condolences. Cheating never appealed to her and this felt so much like copying someone else’s paper, Kathryn didn’t trust herself. 
She had learned something else early on when she had first attempted her water spell. She had looked at the wooden bowl, pictured the spell in her mind, and then before she finished uttering the spell, the water had already formed in the bowl. After several experiments, she found she could invoke the spell without speaking the incantation. With that and the Sights, she just didn't know who she was anymore. Even with Jakob’s slow trickle of memories, the flood of change overwhelmed her sense of self.
She jumped as a knock sounded at the door. Opening the door, she found Hal standing on the other side with a desperate look on his face.
"May I come in?" 
Nodding, she stepped aside. 
"I finally built up the nerve to speak with the other candidates. They were pretty wary at first, but thawed when I started asking them if they could help me with my spells." He looked embarrassed before he continued. "I would have asked you, but I didn't want you to think I was stupid or anything. I'm desperate at this point. I've never had this much trouble in my life learning something."
"Which spell are you having problems with?" she asked.
"Um, all of them," he said with a grin. "The other candidates are in a similar situation. They've learned one or two, but only if one of them gets lucky and teaches the others. After seeing how easily you performed the fire spell, they were embarrassed to approach you. I convinced them that you didn't bite. Could you come to the common room with us and give us a few pointers?"
"I didn't realize you were having so much trouble." She felt guilty feeling self-pity because she could perform the magic without a problem. "I'll come down right now." She turned for the door when Hal spoke.
"Won't you need your magic book?" He pointed at her desk.
She realized there was no point in lying. "No, I don't need it."

"What would you like to work on first?" Kathryn glanced around the large table at the group of candidates.
"Well, we’ve finally cast the fire and ice spells, but we can’t seem to master the water spell at all. I think Lesair cast it once, but we can’t seem to cast it a second time." Datera, a tall, lean young man with a friendly face, shook his head.
"Well, try casting the water spell and maybe I can see what you’re doing wrong."
"I’ll try." Datera focused his attention on the small bowl in the center of the table. A hush fell over the table as he stared at the bowl. "Wak’ethia!" 
Perfect pronunciation, but she could tell he was just saying the words and not feeling them. No water appeared in the bowl. The frustration in his eyes was plain, but he took a deep breath and looked to her for guidance.
"You pronounced the spell correctly, but what were you thinking when you cast the spell?"
"What was I thinking? I was thinking about all of the syllables and emphasizing the correct ones, hoping the Goddess would understand what I was asking. About how much of a fool I must seem to not even be able to cast a level 1 spell!" He sighed with resignation. "What else should I be doing if I pronounced the spell correctly?"
"When learning new spells the pronunciation is the key, but you need to use your mind to cast the spell as well." She gathered her thoughts, trying to make everything as simple as possible. "You can’t just think about the word. That’s all it is, a word. You need to think about what the word means. Water. Think about how refreshing it can be on a hot summer day when your mouth is as dry as dust and your throat aches for moisture. You’d do anything for a drink when the heat of the day feels like it will consume you. Now, try casting it again and thinking about the meaning of the word before you utter the incantation."
Datera looked thoughtful as he looked at the bowl for a full minute. "Wak’ethia!" The bowl filled with water as Datera’s eyes lit with the joy of accomplishment. "I can’t believe it was so simple this whole time! Such a basic concept, yet it makes all of the difference in the world. Thank you so much, Lady Kathryn!"
"It was my pleasure. Would everyone else like to try?" Everyone around the table nodded as they worked for hours to achieve a goal they had all been working on for days.
 
Kathryn thought the sheer exhaustion of teaching the others spells for most of the night would help free her from her Sight for at least one night, but she was wrong. The Final Battle Sight hit her as soon as her head touched the pillow. The death and destruction increased in detail, leaving her with a sick feeling in her stomach when she awoke just after midnight the next morning. 
Remembering the smell of blood and burning bodies, she threw up into the bucket and knelt upon the floor in front of the tub. Wiping her mouth with the back of her hand, she realized going back to sleep was not an option. She decided to walk down to the library, hoping for some type of escape for her mind. On Earth, she loved to escape from the routine of everyday life with a good book.
She found herself in the section containing old scrolls and tattered books dealing with nothing but incantations and magical theory. Magic most likely triggered all of her Sights, so maybe she could find a way to get rid of them or control them. She glanced at what titles she could read and chose the first volume from a multi-book series entitled Incantations of Av’lor. After she removed the book from the shelf, she noticed on the front a piece of paper attached to the cover that read The Lost Spells: Book 1. 
She brought the book to a well-lit table and opened it. The book, similar to her spell book from class, had beautiful illustrations and notes written in the margins. The first incantation, the Communication spell, seemed simple. It was a spell that mimicked telepathy and allowed someone silently to communicate from one person to another or to large groups.
 Knights used the spell often during battle to issue commands or to call for reinforcements. The incantation was only four syllables, but she felt as though something wasn’t quite right. The incantation read "Lak’ath or’vat." It should read "Lak’oth ar’vat" which meant, "mind speak." 
Kathryn remembered the library having parchment and a type of pencil to keep notes, so she retrieved some and wrote down the correct spelling of the Communication spell. She made sure to reference the book and wrote a quick summary of the spell description.
Spending a few hours immersed in the Lost Spells book, she found most of the other incantations misspelled and suspected the author must have been dyslexic. The incantations consisted of high-level offensive spells such as fire and lightning, several physical and elemental shield spells, and a Knowledge spell. The Knowledge spell allowed a person to cast the spell on a book, which passed on the knowledge of its pages to the caster or the caster’s target. 
The Knowledge spell came with a warning about using it for books of incantations, as those required extensive study to learn each incantation. However, it recommended the spell for learning languages, although only practice would allow a person to speak them fluently. The temptation of the spell was too great. She found herself sitting in another part of the library with an Av’lorish to English dictionary. 
With her left hand touching the side of her head and her right pressed flat upon the book, she cast the Knowledge spell. 
"Lak'oth mem'ina dor'ath." 
Nothing happened. She then remembered her own teachings from last night and tried to imagine what imagery she needed for a knowledge spell. She remembered all of the frustration of not understanding those around her and the humiliation of her ignorance. Knowledge was power, but it was also a lifeboat that kept a person from drowning in the loneliness of ignorance. With that in mind, she cast the Knowledge spell again, hoping for a result. 
"Lak'oth mem'ina dor'ath."
Her head dropped to the table as she blacked out. 
She woke up a short time later to the dawn light shining through the library window onto her table. Her head ached, but she wasn’t sure if that was from the lack of sleep or the Knowledge spell. Most likely it was from her head hitting the table. She quickly returned the books to the shelves, grabbed her parchment and headed back to her room to get ready for her class. 
She didn’t want to leave her papers where anyone might come across them, so decided to store the parchment in a small hollow area underneath a loose stone in the floor she had made last week while experimenting with the teleportation spell. It had only taken her two attempts to move a chunk of the rock floor to the courtyard outside her window. Supposedly, she’d eventually be able to get dressed in her armor in an instant with that spell, but she had a hard time believing it.
After she washed up and donned her uniform, she laced up her boots just in time for Hal’s usual knock on the door to go to breakfast in the meal room. "Enter."
Hal opened the door with a tired expression on his face. "I’m so exhausted. I never knew how tiring casting spells could be. You look awful, by the way. I just thought you should know." He didn’t even crack a smile. 
"You really know how to cheer me up, Hal," she said in a sarcastic tone and surprised him with a smile.
"Wow, you must have had a good sex dream or something. You don’t normally smile until after lunch." He frowned, but his eyes smiled and let her know his sense of humor overcame his exhaustion. "Come on. Let’s go eat so we have plenty of energy for Sir Lanclor to beat us with the flat of his sword." She strapped on her sword and closed the door behind them.
As they gathered their breakfast onto their wooden breakfast plates, they looked for a place to sit in the crowded Meal Room. The Meal Room resembled a huge cafeteria, but with comfortable chairs and nice wooden tables. They sat at an empty table in the back of the room and began to eat warm bread and fresh fruit, the customary breakfast of this world.
They ate in silence, their norm this early in the morning. Kathryn generally tuned out the hum of Av’lorish while she ate, but now she found she couldn’t ignore it. She knew it was Av’lorish, but she could understand it as if it was English, not even needing to translate it into English in her mind before she could understand it. She held her bread before her mouth and just listened to the conversations going on around them. 
"Is something wrong, Kate?" Hal sounded concerned as he looked at her in confusion.
"Um, I’ll talk to you about it later, not here."
"Okay, whatever you want." He shrugged it off and they finished their breakfast. 
For the next few hours she listened to Rielle translate all of Sir Lanclor’s Av’lorish for her. In a sense, she had to listen to every conversation twice. She found that Rielle translated most of the conversations, but chose to ignore anyone whom insulted them in some way. Kathryn heard some of the candidates, none of whom she helped train last night, make a comment about her sword work. 
"She can’t use a sword very well and she never volunteers for a spell demonstration. It’ll be a miracle if she makes it into the Knighthood," one of them said with a sneer.
Another answered, "if she does make it, it’ll probably be on her back." The others sniggered to this and quieted as Sir Lanclor glanced their way. He shook his head and looked at her. With her angry stare and clenched fists directed at the other candidates, he tilted his head, as if he had pieced together her understanding of their words.
The rest of the morning, her anger transferred to her sword while she drilled with Hal. Hal always held back to keep the pace with her. Her anger increased her speed and power, but she could feel what little energy she had left ebbing away. 
"Are you okay?" he asked in between bouts. "You seem agitated."
"I’m fine. I just have a lot on my mind." She reined in her anger and finished the rest of the training without incident. On her back indeed.
Chapter 12

Borith crouched in the dark passage and wondered if he should kill them. The flickering torchlight glinted off the armored guards, giving them the appearance of metal statues. The pair stood in the small antechamber before the main entrance of the Council’s treasure room. Their eyes were always moving, their hands upon the pommels of their swords. He wasn’t worried about them.
He knew he could deal with the mercenaries. One quick spell would get rid of them. No, he was far more worried about the spells protecting the treasure. The Council wouldn’t just rely upon the muscle of the mercenaries. The mercenaries’ role was to intimidate ordinary thieves and he was far from ordinary.
Rising to his feet, he ended the waiting game. "Mel’ati E’athos!" 
The guards swung their heads in his direction, but slumped to the ground as an unseen force struck them. Stepping into the antechamber, his black silk outfit absorbed the light from the torches. The stumps of the severed wings protruding from his back gave him the appearance of a disfigured angel. His brown eyes dismissed the unconscious mercenaries.
He stepped around the bodies and stood before a long, darkened hall. "Canto’o Ay’e!" His new spell probed for magical shields or other dangers as he proceeded. The hall turned up ahead, and he saw a ruddy light bouncing off the far wall where it angled into the unseen room. The light glowed blue as his probing spell identified a threat and dissipated. 
Unsheathing his dagger, he slashed at the line of light and the tunnel erupted in flames. The searing heat drove him to his knees and he dropped the dagger, shielded his face with his arms and curled into a tight ball. The inferno subsided and the passage was again dark. 
No light showed on the wall from the unseen room. Borith loosened his body and sat up, feeling for damage. His left palm burned, but he couldn’t see the extent of the injury. Knowing the danger might not yet be over, he pulled off one of his leather boots. Dragging himself from the corner, he then heaved his boot ahead. He heard it thump to the ground. Nothing happened.
He crawled toward the turn and felt around the dirt floor until he found his boot. His palm burned as he pulled it on. Sighing, he continued his search and brushed the hilt of his dagger as the grit of the floor ground into his skin. He gripped it, bringing it around in front of him. 
"Canto’o Ay’e!" He inched along the passageway behind his new probing spell and felt the passageway open, a spell triggering with his presence.
The activated spell lit the room with a dull white glow. Millions of gold coins and amulets covered the floor of the chamber, only allowing a narrow and winding path ahead. He felt the power emanating from some of the amulets. The Presence in some of them screamed for release into the world. 
"Corrupt bastards." 
According to the histories, the Knighthood had destroyed all artifacts with a Presence, or a True Soul, centuries ago. These amulets with Presence contained the actual souls, not just the memories, of long-dead people. Unlike the Soulbearers of the Knighthood who only contained the memories of ancient warriors, the soul of the person trapped within these took over anyone who chose to wear one. 
He cringed when he thought about some unseen force controlling his body. They would know his every memory, his every thought. They would control his body, maybe even forcing him to kill those he loved. It reminded him of the Manipulation spell and he almost laughed aloud. He didn’t hesitate to use that spell at all. Tossing away his brief fear, he concentrated on the mission.
The gold coins covering the path clanged as his brown leather boots sent them rolling. The Order’s idea to just walk right into the Chamber and take the Orb was ludicrous, but his master had volunteered him to be the thief. His master either had great faith in his abilities or wished to be rid of him. 
The Chamber stretched on for a few hundred feet. When he reached the end, he held his breath. The Orb stood before him, floating above a raised dais. Black and spherical in shape, it spun as if someone had thrown a ball and willed it to spin in one place. He sensed an odd spell. Any casual observer would have dismissed the spell as the one causing it to spin, but he was far from casual. Something just wasn’t right.
He extended his dagger toward the spinning sphere. It passed through the Orb and he stood there in astonishment. Reaching out with his left hand, it passed through as well. An illusion. Impossible! The Order was going to love this. They had searched for the Orb for almost a century. Someone had beaten them to it. It would have been hilarious if he hadn’t based the rest of his entire existence on obtaining the Orb and returning to Earth. He had to find out who had it. 
He ran his hands through his black hair in frustration. Sighing, he removed the canvas sack from his belt and knelt among the wealth. 
The gold coins quickly filled the sack and he shouldered the burden, leaving his sword arm free. He retraced his steps and disappeared into the dark catacombs. The mercenaries’ painful groans echoed behind him. Their headaches would be the least of their problems when the Council found out they had failed. Borith shook his head. 
Maybe it would have been kinder if he’d killed them.
Chapter 13

Hal and Kathryn sat in the Common room and listened to the Av’lorish conversations going on around them. 
"Do you think this is right, Hal? Learning the language through a spell, I mean. I feel like a cheater." She looked down at her hands, unable to look him in the eye. 
"We can’t survive on this world and still have a chance of learning enough to return home if we don’t even speak the common language. If you want to, we can tell one of the instructors or we can just wait long enough so it appears we’ve learned the language on our own. I think the latter would be the best. I don’t think it matters anyway. They told us we should learn the language, but they didn’t even offer us a teacher. We used our own method."
Most of the conversations around them involved the upcoming Assessments. Next week, they would find out if they made it into the Knighthood. She wasn’t great with a sword, but she could perform all sword and formation drills without a problem. Sir Lanclor had already declared their entire group as passing the weapons portion of the Assessment. Now, they only needed to demonstrate their magical ability. 
They had a few days to relax before the beginning of the Assessment. The Magical Assessment spanned three days at the end of the week. The first day consisted of a written assessment of their knowledge of the ten spells, including the pronunciation, purpose and any precautions for each spell. 
Half of the group would perform the individual demonstration of each spell in front of the entire group, one at a time. She would join her study group and a few others to demonstrate their knowledge on the last day of the Assessment.
The next few days passed quickly as everyone hurried to prepare for the Assessments like students cramming for a final exam. Their group was calm, while the tempers flared for the rest of the candidates whom had trouble performing the spells. Kathryn offered to help some of them, but the majority refused any help from an Earthling. Those who welcomed her help ended up joining the study group—now up to fifteen—and progressed rapidly toward their goal. 
The first round of magical demonstrations only welcomed seven new knights out of 25. Kathryn had the honor of presenting first the next day. Assessor Jakara crossed his arms and sat among several other knights at a long table facing an upraised platform. The rest of the Assessors sat in silence awaiting the arrival of all of the candidates. The doors of the room closed with the last of the candidates taking their seats. 
Assessor Jakara rose from his seat and the room quieted. "The first candidate for this Assessment is Lady Kathryn, originally from Earth. We’re here to witness her demonstration of the ten spells required for entry into the Knighthood. Lady Kathryn, I’m sure you know the order of the spells, so please begin when you’re ready." He took his seat.
Standing in front of everyone, she no longer felt nervous. She looked all of the Assessors in the eye and set her jaw, preparing to actually speak the spells and not just think them when performing this demonstration. All of the Assessors sat up straight in their chairs as she completed her flawless demonstration. She stood with her arms by her sides while the Assessors conferred in quiet voices. They all nodded, including Assessor Jakara, and announced her acceptance into the Knighthood. 
She sat among the other candidates as all fifteen members of the study group along with five others who were able to learn the spells on their own entered the Knighthood. For the final day of the Assessment, the Knighthood accepted twenty out of 25 new candidates, a number she heard they hadn’t seen in a single session for decades.
On the day of the wing ceremony, Hal and Kathryn both dressed in a tank top-like shirt with two slits in the back and short pants with no socks or shoes. Several knights led them into a large chamber that contained about fifty rectangular pools of thick, dark gray, gravy-like liquid. The pools, the size of a double bed on Earth, contained a floating log to keep their heads from submerging. A knight led her to her own pool and told her to enter using the steps on the left side.
As Kathryn placed her foot into the organic mixture, she found it surprisingly warm. The mixture reminded her of a thick beef stew with small slivers of beef giving it an almost grainy texture. She didn’t want to know what the small pieces were in that pool and she knelt down to lie on her side with everyone else with only a small portion of her body above the liquid, her head resting on the log. Marinating before the slaughter. Too bad it smelled like dirty feet.
"Keep your heads firmly on the log." An unnamed knight bellowed to the room.
Three knights stood around an upraised dais in the front of the chamber. She was too far away to hear the incantation and felt a buzzing in her head as the spell passed into her body from the log. The buzzing turned into a tingling that slowly spread from her head down to her back. The tingling turned to discomfort, then suddenly to a pain so intense she thought someone scraped a knife along her back, peeling the skin off one layer at a time. She wasn’t the only one who screamed for that whole hour. 
The pain subsided and turned into discomfort. She remained in the pools for two more hours as the spell gathered the organic material around her back to form her wings. It was the longest two hours of her life where she thought of nothing but each particle slowly gathering to her back. When the generation finished, she noticed the clear water for the first time. She tried to look at her wings, but agony accompanied any movement of her neck or back. 
"Come." A suit of black armor with wings offered her his hand. 
Her wrinkled fingers reached for the faceless comfort and he gripped her arm to draw her from the pool. She shivered in the cool air as a second knight toweled off her body, then gently let the damp towel absorb the liquid from her wings. Without the weight of the water, the wings felt much lighter, almost like carrying a backpack with a few books. 
The black knight escorted her back to her room and gestured to the bed.
"You should lie on your stomach and rest your new muscles." He helped her do just that. "They’ll be sensitive for a while, but it will pass. You should feel better in the morning. Be safe, Lady Kathryn." 
She heard him leave the room, but the throbbing of her new back muscles had the rest of her attention. Her foggy mind realized Sir Lanclor had escorted her, not some stranger. At dinnertime, she found she had no appetite and chose to spend the remainder of the evening and night in a fitful sleep. 
The next morning, Kathryn arose from her bed stiff and sore. She had a hell of a time trying to squat over the bucket without toppling from the added weight on her back. Discovering how to use her new muscles was like a video game without an instruction manual. After a while, she could lift her wings a few inches. A long time after that, she extended them to their full width, their ends brushing the walls.
She turned her back to the full-length mirror in the corner of the room. The contrast between her light skin and the dark wings unsettled her. It almost looked like someone had just glued them to her back until she moved them and saw the unusual ripple of her new back muscles. Her stomach flipped and she decided if she thought about them too long, she would never see the beauty of them. 
Her new gray uniform opened in the back with a flap of fabric that extended down between her wings. Straps connected to clasps on each side. She practiced folding her wings slightly apart on the bottom so she could sit in a chair without bending them. Even walking was a chore when she had to concentrate to keep her swinging arms from hitting her wings. 
"These are a pain in the ass."
A few hours after she awoke, Kathryn finally found her way down to the Meal Room. Hal and some of the other new knights sat at a table in the corner where she went to join them. They all nodded to her, too sore to do much else. The other knights in the room went about their business and occasionally glanced their way with empathy in their eyes. 
As the days passed, so too did her discomfort. Her wings still felt foreign, but she often found herself forgetting about them while walking or doing other tasks. She stroked the edge of her wings while standing in line inside the armory. The idea of having to wear armor all of the time made her nervous. Her training armor had been uncomfortable and only a fraction of the size worn by the knights. The line moved along and she reached the tables lined with mounds of chainmail, plate armor, helmets, and what looked like gray spandex suits. 
"Ah, Lady Kathryn. I’ll have someone help you to get your armor and carry it to the courtyard." Sir Garrent gestured to a knight she didn’t recognize.
 The knight gathered items from each pile, handing her the smaller pieces and carrying the larger ones himself. By the time he finished and led her to a corner of the courtyard, she staggered under the weight. How the hell would she walk in it, let alone fly? She wasn’t strong enough. The knight stepped away and she stared at the pile of metal, forcing the tears from her eyes.
"Now that you have your new armor, it’s time to put it on and finalize the spells." Sir Lanclor’s voice boomed across the courtyard as he paced among the new recruits. "What’s piled in front of you is crude, heavy and not very functional. You’ll first don the gray jumpsuit, and then a knight will assist each of you with the proper way to put on the rest. The jumpsuit will bridge the magic between your wings and that of the armor and mold itself to your body. You’ll barely notice the weight once we’re done. Now get started!"
Kathryn eyed the jumpsuit. Spandex-clad bikers came to mind and she groaned as she pulled the fabric over her gray uniform and then pulled the hood over her head. It exposed every curve of her body and she flushed with embarrassment. The same unknown knight handed her the chainmail first, gesturing where it fit while muttering the names of each piece. She pulled on the hauberk with slits for her wings and then came the chausses and coif. Clenching her jaw, she willed the spell to work before she collapsed in front of everyone.
Warmth spread across her skin and she felt the weight of the chainmail suit lessen as it hugged her body. She bent her arms and legs, feeling no more resistance than wearing denim. Next, the knight helped her into a cuirass, fauld, cuisses, greaves, spaulders, sabaton, gauntlets and finally her helmet. The names of the armor felt familiar although she knew the words were alien to her.
The plate armor forced her to her knees and she counted each second until the spell took effect.
 She cried out as the heat from the plate burned along her entire body. Cries echoed around the courtyard. Just as she feared her cheeks would blister from the helmet, the heat lessened and the armor molded itself around her. She rose to her feet and did her best to look at the final product through the eye slits of the helmet. Her helper chuckled, showing her the ways she could manipulate the sections of the visor. 
She’d never realized the helmets had various latches to allow for more visibility or easy access to meals. With her visor fully open, she glanced at her new armor and tested her range of motion. The chain mail and plate reminded her of snow gear. She could move and bend in it, but it wasn’t the most comfortable. Its color and bulk masked her gender. Not sexy or showy, but functional. Gray. Plain. Kind of like her.
"I know that wasn’t pleasant, but I’m sure you’ll agree the final product is well worth the discomfort," Sir Lanclor said. "Getting in and out of your armor isn’t as time consuming as it was in the past. We’ll teach you the spells to Call the armor and Dismiss it, which believe me, will take a lot of practice."

A small feast in less than an hour would officially welcome them into the Knighthood. Kathryn washed her face, brushed her teeth with an odd finger brush and donned a fresh uniform. She glanced at her mound of armor on the table and sighed. The mouse appeared on her bed and sat upon its haunches, watching her.
"It was never like this in the fantasy books back home. The main character could just jump out of bed without having to do anything and would look great the rest of the day." The mouse just stared at her. "I know, welcome to the real world—or one of the real worlds."
Kathryn joined Hal and the others in the common room and they walked down to the feast together. The feast was in a small ballroom with large windows, ten-foot doors that opened to high balconies and several chandeliers. It barely contained all of the nobles, clergy, Council and the experienced knights. 
The experienced knights herded the newcomers into the ballroom like a bunch of scared sheep. Presented to anyone of importance, the new knights had to wait for some type of response before they could move onto the next group of people. If the guests would have addressed them as a group, Kathryn would have felt more comfortable, but they all insisted on randomly addressing each individually. She had the misfortune of standing toward the front. 
The guests either politely asked what she thought of the feast or the Knighthood in general, or gave her a rude snort of contempt. At times, they even glared and completely ignored her while engaging those around her in polite conversation. She spent a couple of hours just meeting and greeting the members of the nobility, clergy and Council. 
The politics of this world were beyond her. The stuffiness and snobbery of this group of people drove her to slip out onto one of the many balconies just to relax before the next onslaught. They reminded her of the CEOs and managers of her clients back on Earth—out of touch with the everyday work and in their own little worlds of reports and numbers. Outside, she found the older knights had retreated from the crowd already and enjoyed the cool night with friendly chatter. None seemed to notice her, and for that, she was grateful. 
She moved slightly to her left to be out of the direct light of the ballroom and in the quiet seclusion of the night. Staring up at the alien stars and the twin moons, she tried to calm her nerves and prepare herself for another round of mingling, leaning on the rail to lessen the strain on her back from her wings.
"Needed to get some air? I don’t blame you with all of that stuffiness in there." Lord Alextor leaned on the rail to her left. The shadows hid his eyes, but his tone of voice suggested a hint of humor.
She straightened before the Leader of the Knighthood. "I was merely taking a breather, Lord Alextor. I’m not used to dealing with so many people of high rank." Her response sounded stiff even to her own ears.
"Relax, Lady Kathryn, the night’s almost over. There’s no reason to speak formally on my account. I’m only the son of a farmer. I’m sure the nobles loved it when I became the leader of the Knighthood." He had turned his helmeted face toward her and she could see the amusement in his eyes by the light of the ballroom. "Tell me, what do you think about the Knighthood? Is it what you were expecting?"
She relaxed slightly before answering his questions. "It’s not quite what I expected. It reminds me of going to school on Earth, but I can’t compare it to anything I’ve experienced back home. I wasn’t expecting the wing ceremony," she said the last with a grimace of remembered pain. 
"I remember my wing ceremony. They never told us until they congratulated us for making it into the Knighthood. I think they do that on purpose so you can’t get out of it. You’re all excited about getting in; you think it’s not such a big deal to go through a little pain now that you’ve reached your goal. What do you think about the feast?"
"It’s different. I don’t know about the politics of this world, so it’s hard to know whom I should be approaching. Not everyone has been welcoming," she added, not sure how else to explain some of the rude greetings she had received. "Perhaps I just haven’t mastered the art of communication on this world."
"I think you’re doing just fine." 
She jumped in alarm. Sir Lanclor had sneaked up on her right as she spoke to Lord Alextor. Kathryn knew he was smiling underneath his helmet at her startling. Smug bastard. 
"You probably don’t realize that you’ve been speaking to Lord Alextor in Av’lorish this entire time," Sir Lanclor chuckled. "I suspected you had a better grasp of our language during drill."
Busted. She prepared herself for some type of reprimand from him when he continued. 
"I’m not complaining, Lady Kathryn; I’m just making an observation. You need every advantage you can get on this world. The politics can sometimes be overwhelming." Sir Lanclor glared at Lord Alextor.
"Thank you, Sir Lanclor." There seemed to be some kind of tension between Lord Alextor and Sir Lanclor, with her caught in the middle. Trying to avoid the verbal crossfire, she excused herself and retreated to the chaos within.
Chapter 14

"I don’t know if I’m surprised both of the Earthlings made it into the Knighthood," Alextor said. 
Lanclor followed his lead and didn’t see the point of bringing up their latest argument. He knew Alextor would never change his mind and he’d be stuck investigating with the Royal Guard. He’d never get anything done if he spent all of his free time dealing with others’ problems on top of his own.
"Well, I’m sure that I’m surprised they made it. Hal seems to be a quick learner with weaponry, but Lady Kathryn is merely adequate. I heard Jakara complaining yesterday about her hiding her magical ability from him for all these weeks. There are rumors that she taught a good portion of the new knights how to perform the spells. This is a record number of new recruits for one session."
"I don’t remember it ever being this high." Alextor glanced into the ballroom, briefly illuminating the dark circles beneath his eyes. "A part of me thinks it wouldn’t have been as high if, as you said, Lady Kathryn hadn’t worked with everyone. I think we should keep an eye on her. With her Sights and her rumored leadership, she could be a powerful knight indeed. I know we haven’t always seen eye to eye, but I would appreciate it if you could keep an eye on her. She’s already saved my life and yours and I’d hate for anything to happen to her. I would help her to get home myself as repayment, if we knew how to activate the Portal."
Great, now he had to babysit on top of everything else. "Well, we know how to activate it; we just don’t know the location of the orb." The noise inside changed as people were ushered to their tables for the feast.
"The Council has it, I suspect. When we used it last time, I’m sure it was a councilor under that gray robe. I don’t understand why they no longer honor the tradition of opening the gate every half century anymore." Lord Alextor shook his head as he turned to enter the hall. "We’ve learned so much about our ancestors and we’re in dire need of some new horses."
"I don’t believe the Grayrobe’s reasoning," Lanclor said with suspicion, "he said it was no longer safe to open the portal because of plague and increased violence. I didn’t get the impression from Hal and Kathryn that there was any type of sickness there."
"I didn’t get that impression either, but the Keeper has the right to refuse the trip." 
They both remained silent. Lanclor didn’t know what else to say that wouldn’t create tension. Lord Alextor was the leader of the Knighthood and Lanclor his second in command. They rarely disagreed, but lately it seemed as though they couldn’t agree on anything. Alextor claimed that Lanclor's anger at the world had grown over the cycles and he didn’t know what to do to suppress it. Perhaps in time Lanclor would allow himself to be happy, but he did Bear the Destructor. Right now, he didn’t have the luxury of being happy.
Chapter 15

Kathryn spoke to hundreds of people that night before she sat next to Hal at one of the tables to begin the actual eating at the feast. The meal consisted of a dark meat in a savory wine sauce, roast chicken rubbed with herbs, some type of vegetable with the texture of cooked carrots, flaky pastries filled with green vegetables, and an odd soup consisting of cooked fruit. 
She could only eat one spoonful of the appalling soup. It tasted like warm orange juice with bits of some other sweet and unidentifiable Av’lorish fruits. Dessert consisted of more pastries, but filled with fruit or spiced jelly. The feast concluded with drinking and dancing. She loved to dance, but was too wary doing so in front of so many strangers. After seven hours, she left to return to her room. 

Two days after the feast marked the first official day of their knightly duties. A typical day in the Knighthood consisted of weapon training, flight training, magical development and history. The weapon training was similar to their initial training, but they had Hook—a burly knight with both his hands, so she had no idea how he got his name—as their weapons master. He was a gruff teacher, but when they did something right, he let them know it. He was the kind of person who saw people's potential and focused on that rather than focusing on the things they were doing wrong. 
"I know you’re all nervous, but there’s only one way to learn," Hook’s voice boomed above the wind. 
They stood in a row upon the wall of the inner courtyard with the wind at their backs facing the training area. The ground was thirty feet below. Hook had told them to just jump and glide to safety. Yeah. Right. She told herself just to think about not having to buy any more plane tickets, but she couldn’t help picturing someone scraping her body off the ground. 
"Well, Lady Kathryn, it looks like you have the honor of going first." 
"Me? Why me, sir?" She was in the middle of the group and nowhere near the end where he would normally start. 
"You’re the only one who seems excited to do this." 
Excited? The thought of not having a railing to hold onto while looking down upon the courtyard made her weak in the knees. How did he expect her to leap off the wall if she didn’t know how to use her wings? Her wings didn’t seem strong enough to hold her weight, much less that of her armor.
"I think maybe someone else should go first. I don’t think my wings are strong enough to hold the weight of my armor." She inched back a step.
"Nonsense. Your wings are a part of you now and they have a magic of their own. They’ll keep you aloft if only you let them. The first time is the hardest."
Magic wings. They had to be safer than a parachute. Parachutes could malfunction, or fall off, but her wings were part of her now. How hard could it be? Just extend them and flap.
"Shit. Well, no guts, no glory," she mumbled to herself. Standing up straight, she looked at Hook. "Okay. Should I angle my wings a certain way? Is there some advice you can offer a first-timer?" 
He stepped forward and extended his wings. "Everything depends upon how fast you want to go. You should always keep your wings tilted so that the flat area is parallel to the ground. If you fly upright, with your feet aiming at the ground, you won’t have as much speed. This is the ideal position for hovering when you’re in formation during a battle. Your wings’ magic will keep you aloft. Now, if you need speed, then you want to have your legs extended behind you. This will allow the least wind resistance and increase your maneuverability. I would recommend the upright position for your first attempt."
It seemed simple enough. She just had to leap off the wall and use her wings to glide safely to the ground. Nothing fancy. She stepped forward and extended her wings, trying to get used to keeping them steady. When she gathered her nerve, she leapt from the ledge. 
She felt the wind fill her wings, giving her enough lift to keep from dropping like a rock. The weight of her armor allowed her to descend instead of drift with the wind. The entire experience was exhilarating. As she approached the ground, she realized that she was coming in too fast and tilted her wings slightly back to slow her descent. Her adjustment wasn’t enough and her feet hit the ground hard, jolting her forward to land sliding in the mud. 
Hook never told them how to slow down, so she was proud of herself for figuring it out on her own, even if it wasn’t enough to prevent her face plant. At least, she thought she’d figured it out on her own. Damn Jakob. Others weren’t so lucky. She watched from the ground, absently wiping the mud from her armor, as the rest of the group followed her down. Kathryn must have made it look too easy and people were overconfident.
Several of her group tried flapping their wings a little to slow their descent without tilting them. This only resulted in them gaining altitude and panicking as they approached the outer wall of the courtyard. One or two actually hit the wall, while another panicked so much he simply closed his wings and fell to the ground twelve feet below. Hal was one of the lucky few who simply landed and ran to compensate for his extra speed.
After healers came to handle the wounded, her group gathered around Hook to discuss what happened. 
"Well, I’ll have to admit I was surprised there weren’t more injuries. Usually, not a single first-timer makes it to the ground without a scratch." Hook nodded to the group. "I underestimated some of you. As for the rest, there’s no need to be embarrassed or ashamed. The purpose of this method for the first flight is to make you realize the danger of flying and we hope to make you realize how ignorant you truly are. Your instructors are here to answer any questions you have and to help you become accustomed to using your new appendages."

Over the next two weeks, they learned how to fly. It wasn’t as simple as it looked. Kathryn learned she had to take into account the wind speed and direction, how to angle her wings to make adjustments, and how to land without killing herself. Hook would have them fly around the courtyard individually in a specific pattern to learn control. It was hard work, but well worth it. 
They would always have a specific area marked for landing. Others had a lot of difficulty in slowing their landing approach. A few had no problems, but were much less sure flying the patterns at higher speeds. She was among many who had problems reaching the position for optimal speed—legs straight out behind, parallel to the ground. 
After a difficult day where she just couldn’t make her body obtain the right position, she decided to practice flying around the courtyard after most people had retired for the night. The light from the torches illuminated the courtyard enough where she didn’t worry about hitting anything. After several passes, she landed in frustration to rest her wings before her next attempt.
"Your form is all wrong," a voice startled her as it rumbled out of the darkness of the wall. She saw him as a shadow against the darkened stone. He stepped away from the wall and the torchlight reflected off his black armor. "I had the same problem when I first started."
"Good evening, Sir Lanclor," she said in surprise and with some embarrassment. He had watched her clumsy attempt to better her form and her frustrated landing. She must look like an idiot. "Please, could you give me some advice? I don’t seem to be making any progress."
"You need to relax. If you’re too worried about doing something wrong, your body tenses. You need to try flying just for the enjoyment of it. Once you learn to relax, your back muscles will loosen, and you’ll be able to bend your legs behind you without a problem. Don’t worry about falling or following a pattern. Fly for the sake of flying and you’ll get the results you want."
Fly for the sake of flying. She wasn’t going to fall and nobody would have to scrape her body off the cobbles. Right. Enjoy something the human body wasn’t supposed to do. Her wings shouldn’t be able to hold her armored body aloft and she shouldn’t be able to hover like a hummingbird, but here she was. Damn it, she had to relax and just accept things.
"I guess I never thought of that. I was just so focused on doing the exercises that I didn’t leave room for enjoyment." The more she thought about it, the more it made sense. Logic got in the way.
"I’ll leave you to your flying. Be safe, Lady Kathryn."
"Be safe, Sir Lanclor."

Hook had to leave for a few weeks after he learned his brother had been in a farming accident. While the healers had reached him in time, he was still supposed to rest for a while and needed someone to help with the fieldwork. Assessor Jakara took over for Hook temporarily and they found that his hostility had only increased toward them. 
"Ah, the Earthlings. I still can’t believe you’ve made it this far. Perhaps you’ll feel up to some unarmed combat over the next few days, then a training flight in the countryside. That will prove you’re worthy to wear those wings," he said this last with a hostile stare.
"We greatly look forward to it, Assessor Jakara," Hal said with genuine enthusiasm. When she looked askance at him, he gave her a wink and turned away. Assessor Jakara took this as a challenge and chose Hal for his initial demonstration of unarmed combat. 
"I’m sure all of you are not very experienced with unarmed combat, so I’ll demonstrate a few moves for you, which you will practice the rest of the week." He motioned for Hal to move toward him. "Okay, Earthling, come toward me and try to hit me."
"Are you sure, Sir? I’m familiar with unarmed combat. I trained for quite a while back on Earth."
"Just try to hit me and quit showing off!"
Moving lightning fast, Hal punched Jakara in the face, and then his leg swept Jakara’s legs out from under him. The Assessor landed hard on his back, staring up at the sky as he tried to recover from having the wind knocked out of him. Hal offered Assessor Jakara his hand, which the Assessor grudgingly accepted. 
"I’m sorry, Assessor Jakara. I should have warned you I had a black belt in Karate, but I didn’t know how to translate that into terms you’d understand."
Kathryn suppressed her chuckle.
Jakara narrowed his eyes, mumbling to himself about appearances being deceiving. Jakara and Hal worked together for the rest of the session and taught each other the various self-defense moves of both worlds. 

After a few days of self-defense practice, Kathryn could barely walk, let alone look forward to the training flight the next day. Hal solved her problem for her when they met in the common room that night. 
"I think Jakara likes me. He taught me a spell to relax and relieve muscle aches and pains. I tried it on Nidira and she hugged me afterwards," he said with a mischievous smile. 
As she shook her head, he grabbed her arm. 
"Ma’eken Fo’euth!" 
A few minutes later, she also hugged him to show her gratitude. Hal received many hugs that night from the former sore knights of the group. She’d never felt so relaxed in her life and slept soundly that night, even escaping her usual nightly Sight. Morning light fell onto her bed and she struggled to make her body function enough to get ready. Her mind felt foggy and her feet scuffed along the stone floor.
Kathryn opened her door to an empty common room and realized that she had overslept. Hal must have gone down early to practice as he mentioned he would last night. She had become so used to his wake-up calls that she had a problem waking on time by herself. As she closed the door behind her, struggling to place her helmet upon her head, the familiar white haze overran her vision and she had to lean against the wall to keep from falling.
She was in a group of knights as they flew toward a clump of trees. She knew Hal was flying next to her although it could have been any first-cycle in armor. They were on the end of the last line of knights in a group of ten rows. Hal was to her left, on the end, and some stranger was to her right with a white smudge on his left armored shoulder. 
She concentrated on beating her aching wings in unison with those around her. Although she had drilled constantly by herself to control the speed of her flight, flying within formation was entirely different. Suddenly, they were in the midst of an aerial battle. Daemons rose from the trees, attacking wherever and whenever they could. The group of knights was only unseasoned recruits and the brutality of the Daemons caused chaos in their ranks. 
Kathryn saw two groups of knights flying toward them. Her group only had to hold off until the reinforcements arrived. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a Daemon heading straight for Hal and her. She cried a warning to Hal and joined his side to fend off the Daemon. 
The Daemon had an eight-foot barbed spear and knew how to use it. They could only defend themselves as it hovered in the air and relentlessly swung and thrust its spear. They were tiring quickly, but holding their own, until the Daemon used its tail and clubbed her aside. Through the pain in her shoulder, she struggled to recover and fly back toward Hal. 
Hal’s cry pierced the chaos of noise as the spear impaled him. Kathryn’s heart ached at his loss and she cast a fire spell so intense that it killed not only the group of Daemons, but also some of the knights beyond who were coming to their rescue. Horrified, she drifted down to the ground to kneel upon the burnt remains of her enemies and her comrades. She looked to her right to see Assessor Jakara’s dead eyes accusing her of murder. To her left, Hal’s body struggled to find breath as the spear through his chest robbed him of air. His hands clenched in the dirt around him, then went still. Kathryn wailed and wrapped her wings around herself in an attempt to shield herself from despair.
Gasping in fear and confusion, Kathryn hurried to the courtyard to join the other knights for their first flight in formation. When she found out she stood second from the end between Hal and Lesair, a knight with a white smudge upon his shoulder, she didn’t know what to do. She alone knew they were going into a full-fledged battle, one that would cost the lives of half of the group. Hal’s eyes filled with concern. 
"Kate, what’s wrong?"
"We can’t do this. We’re going to be attacked by Daemons and…" She hesitated with how she was going to explain his death. Assessor Jakara stepped in before she could continue.
"Am I hearing you right, Lady Kathryn? Are you afraid to go on your first test flight?" While Assessor Jakara had warmed up to Hal, he still despised her for some reason she couldn’t comprehend. "Are you afraid the Daemons will get you?" he continued, not caring that the others were staring at their exchange. "Don’t worry, coward, you can say here and we’ll let you know how it goes." 
Her fear gave her a short fuse. "I’m no coward, you arrogant ass. I had a Sight which—" Agony ripped through her body as the bone in her wing snapped. She had flown backwards against the wall and had fallen to the ground faster than she had thought possible. 
The other knights stared in disbelief as Assessor Jakara walked over and stood above her. "You, you little bitch, are not worthy enough to wear those wings. I’ll speak with Hook upon his return about having your cowardly and insubordinate ass thrown out of the Knighthood." He turned toward the others. "Form up and take flight or else you’ll suffer her fate." Hal reluctantly joined them, too fearful of facing Jakara’s magic to disobey. 
Kathryn struggled to rise, fighting dizziness as she used the wall for support. She had to get help. Hal was going to die if she didn't get help. Feeling disoriented, she tried to figure out what to do without success.
"You can't just stand there! In battle, they're not just going to wait for you to flank them. You have to distract them with the forward assault." Sir Lanclor's bellow carried over the wall separating the courtyards. 
Ignoring the pain, Kathryn ran toward his voice, turning the corner to see him in front of a group of about sixty knights, discussing the strategy needed to defeat the group of 100 knights on the opposite side of the courtyard. She pushed her way to the front of the group.
"Now, you need to account for their magic users or else—" Sir Lanclor crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes. "Is there something I can do for you, first-cycle? Maybe listen to your view of strategy for this situation?" He must not have recognized her in her armor.
"Sir Lanclor, Assessor Jakara took the rest of my group out on a test flight. I tried to warn him about the Daemon ambush, but he wouldn’t let me finish. He didn’t understand that I had a Sight." Tears streaked her face beneath her helmet from either frustration or pain, she didn’t know.
"Everyone, take flight and follow me, swords ready!" Sir Lanclor drew his sword and leapt into the air.
Within minutes, settling dust was all that remained of the knights in the courtyard. Kathryn, now alone, struggled through the pain to remain upright. She knew she couldn’t stand it much longer before she passed out, so she moved toward the wall of the closest building and lowered herself to her knees. Leaning against the wall with her broken right wing facing away from it, she bent her torso forward and put most of her weight upon her left arm. Pain shot from her broken wing with each sob that shook her body. 
Chapter 16

A swarm of Daemons rose from the trees and headed for the first-cycles. There hadn't been Daemons this close to the castle before. With three squads at his back, Lanclor flew into the battle with confidence, hitting the Daemons before their rear rows could react. This inspired the first-cycles to remember their training. 
Swords flashed and cries of terror ripped from the new knights, but some carefully placed spells from the experienced knights prevented their careers from ending early. They crushed the Daemons between them. There were a few injuries among the first-cycles, but no casualties. If Lady Kathryn hadn’t come to get them...
"Thank the Goddess! I’ve never been happier to see you, Sir Lanclor!" Jakara hovered before him, saluting with his fist to his chest. 
Jakara should have heeded Lady Kathryn’s warning. 
"Let’s help the wounded back to the East Courtyard, Jakara." Lanclor hadn't returned his salute and Jakara hadn't seemed to notice. Lanclor's three squads positioned themselves around the first-cycles and they escorted them back to the castle.
They returned to the courtyard and he saw Lady Kathryn upon her knees against one of the weapon houses. Her right wing was at an odd angle. Before he could approach, Hal ran forward and knelt beside her. Hal put his hand on her shoulder and she jerked away as if his presence startled her. She seemed to realize whom he was and nodded to one of his questions. 
Lanclor walked over to Hal, his curiosity getting the best of him. "Hal, what happened?"
Hal tossed his helmet upon the ground, and then rose to his feet with an angry look on his face. Hal was normally good-natured, so seeing him with so much anger in his eyes surprised Lanclor. 
"That son of a bitch! He used a spell to fling her against a wall when she got angry with him for not listening to her warning. He made her hit so hard, her wing snapped. I’m going to break his goddamn neck!" His fists clenched, he headed in the direction of the first-cycle squad. 
Before Lanclor could process his words, Hal had approached Jakara with his wings outspread, all of his body language screaming his aggression. Jakara just watched him come, thinking he would get some type of congratulations from his recently acquired student. What he got instead was an uppercut to the head that dented his helmet, lifted him off the ground and sent him flying backwards upon his back. 
Everyone stared in disbelief. Hal turned on his heel and headed back toward Lady Kathryn and Lanclor. Without a word, he knelt beside her and lifted her into his arms. She gave an almost imperceptible cry of pain as her wing, flopping out before him, stirred with his movement. Lanclor grabbed her wing and steadied it while they walked toward the infirmary. 
They left the courtyard behind. All of the knights stared after them, while Jakara remained motionless upon the ground. Master Healer Vetera opened the door to the infirmary on his way to see to the injured knights from the battle. 
"Master Vetera, I need you here. The wounds outside are relatively minor and can be handled by your apprentices."
"Yes, Sir Lanclor. What have we here?"
"I’ll let Hal explain it to both of us." Lanclor focused on Hal, awaiting an explanation as they took her inside.
"Before we took flight, Kate tried to warn us about a Daemon attack. Assessor Jakara called her a coward. She got angry, called him an arrogant ass, and then mentioned having a Sight. Assessor Jakara became unreasonably angry and used some spell to fling her through the air into a wall. He threatened the rest of us with the same fate if we didn’t obey him. I don’t have Lady Kathryn’s gift with magic, so I’m no match for Assessor Jakara. I didn’t realize he had broken her wing or I would never have left her." Lanclor could hear the guilt in Hal's voice.
"I can understand why you knocked him out. I would have done the same," Lanclor said. There wasn’t anything left to say. All of the instructors knew of Lady Kathryn’s gift, but Jakara had let his personal feelings get in the way of rational thinking. Lanclor would deal with Jakara personally with Lady Kathryn as a witness. An instructor shouldn't treat any knight with such blatant hostility, no matter her gender and origins.
"If you two are finished, can Master Vetera see to my wing? I don’t know how much longer I can stand this without passing out," Lady Kathryn’s voice cracked with strain and some annoyance. They had forgotten about her, even though she was the topic of their conversation. Embarrassed, Hal and he followed Master Vetera’s instructions to bring her into the far room to treat her broken wing.
In his early cycles in the Knighthood, Lanclor had been showing off with his friends when he had fallen off the rampart. Not yet used to his wings, he wasn’t able to right himself before hitting the ground. The agony of two broken wings had him bawling like a young babe. Their wings may not have been a part of their body originally, but there was no doubt in his mind that they were now another appendage. He watched Master Vetera repair Lady Kathryn’s wing while Hal showed his support by holding her hand. 
These Earthlings may be what the Knighthood needed.

Lanclor heard that Jakara had refused to let the healers touch his purple, swollen eyes and nose. They showed through his eye slits and made it difficult to take him seriously. 
"They should both be thrown out of the Knighthood, Lord Alextor! They’re both insubordinate and that bastard actually hit me!" He stood from his chair, his hands supporting his weight upon the table as he leaned toward Alextor, trying to express his anger physically in case they couldn’t hear it in his words. 
"Jakara, is it true you did not even let Lady Kathryn finish her warning before you threw her against a wall?" Lord Alextor asked the question in a neutral tone with no hint of the anger he had expressed after hearing about the incident from Lanclor the night before.
Jakara sat down, glaring to his left toward the table where Lady Kathryn and Hal sat helmet less in silence. Hal’s face was bright red. Lanclor could tell he was barely controlling his anger. Lady Kathryn, however, had an almost serene expression upon her face. That surprised him more than anything as he expected her to be as angry as Hal. 
"I’ll not deny it. I was greatly upset about her insults." Jakara gave no other excuse.
The other instructors who were available had gathered in the chairs toward the back of the room. They whispered amongst themselves, unable to believe that Jakara had actually done what he was accused. Lanclor said nothing at all, not even glancing around at the other instructors to see their reactions. He sat straight in his chair, radiating anger with his wings upraised, his fists clenched and his arms crossed. 
Cycles ago, Lathus, a man who Lanclor had thought he could trust, had raped and beaten Lanclor's youngest sister, Sera. Lathus had hidden her in a closet for days before a servant had found her. Beyond help by that time, she had died a couple of hours later, but not before telling Lanclor what had happened. Grieving and unable to control his anger, Lanclor had hunted down Lathus and beaten him senseless. The Council later executed Lathus for murder. Lanclor pictured throwing Jakara against the wall repeatedly, turning his wings to bloody pulp.
"Since you’ve admitted your guilt, by law it’s up to Lady Kathryn to propose a suitable punishment. I’ll warn you, Lady Kathryn, that I won’t allow a punishment that’s more severe than the offense," Alextor said in a diplomatic tone.
Lady Kathryn rose from her seat and walked around the table to stand directly before Alextor, her back toward Jakara. "I want him to see, Lord Alextor." 
"See? I’m not sure what you mean. Please explain." 
"I want him to see the Sight I had that day before the incident. See what made me act the way I did," she said all of this in a calm voice with a strange look upon her face.
"That’s a reasonable sentence; if you think that will be a suitable punishment. Jakara, will you accept this punishment?"
Jakara seemed just as surprised. "I agree. It will be interesting to see what pathetic excuse she has."
Lady Kathryn turned toward Jakara, holding her hands before her, standing a few feet from his table. Without uttering a word, images appeared upon the table, similar to Garrent’s history lessons. They all saw the knights flying toward the clump of trees with the Daemons flying up from below. After the Daemons killed about thirty first-cycles, Kathryn’s defensive fire killed a number of knights as well as Daemons. She showed the dead upon the ground, including Jakara. 
Hal’s face turned white as he saw himself impaled upon a Daemon’s spear. Lanclor saw Jakara turn away while his wings lowered. There was so much guilt and regret in his eyes that Lanclor thought he looked at a different man. Lanclor hadn’t known him well before the death of his daughter, but had heard he was an excellent instructor—friendly toward everyone, men and women alike. After that fateful day, his anger and resentment had negatively affected his teaching and he became an Assessor. As Jakara placed his head in his hands, Lady Kathryn turned, saluted Alextor and strode from the room. 
"Jakara, I find the punishment adequate and enlightening. You’re free to leave." Alextor nodded toward both Hal and Jakara and rose from his chair. Shocked silence filled the air as he exited the room.
Lanclor couldn’t believe that Lady Kathryn had taken mercy upon the man who had thrown her against a wall and almost caused the death of one of her friends. He also couldn’t believe that she had performed that spell without uttering the incantation. She was a complex woman. How far her complexity could take her in the Knighthood he could only imagine. 
Chapter 17

Kathryn remembered her birthday—alone, pulled into another world, chased by Daemons, and then thrown into the infirmary. Definitely not a good day. No cake, no presents, no family. Just stuck on an alien world with the man who had knocked upon her door on Christmas Eve, delivered his message and left, leaving behind a grief that had spread through her life like a disease. She had been on Av’lor for three months now and couldn’t believe how different it was from her existence on Earth. 
 With work and trying to get her mother’s house under control, she hadn't had the time to grieve. After the funeral, she'd had no drive to do much of anything. Her pantsuits, once displaying her pride in her job, degraded to jeans and collared shirts. She wasn’t sure if her sword and armor were a step below that or not. Loneliness still gnawed at her.
Her mother's death had ended the one serious relationship she'd had back home, but that had happened before she came to Av’lor. Greg couldn't understand her needing some space. She had always been an independent person and her shyness had never allowed her to make many friends. Her chosen detachment those last months had made it impossible for others to offer their sympathy, letting Kathryn avoid seeing the pity in their eyes. On Av’lor, her shyness had diminished as she worked with the other knights during drill.
Every night, she had glimpses of a violent future filled with death and destruction. Seeing her friends impaled upon Daemon spears started to take its toll. Kathryn sat on her bed, clutching her hands while she wondered what her family did back on Earth. Did they believe someone had kidnapped or murdered her? Did they think she had abandoned them? Sometimes, she felt like she was alone here. In the castle, almost all men surrounded her. The women were so busy with surviving that they had no time to speak with her, let alone be friends. 
A knock sounded upon the door. It was probably Hal. She opened the door and was surprised to see Assessor Jakara. 
"Lady Kathryn, I’d like to speak with you if you don’t mind." 
She didn’t feel comfortable inviting this man into her room, so she stepped out into the common room and shut the door behind her. "Assessor Jakara I’m surprised by your visit. Is there something I can do for you?" Say no. Say no.
He looked uncomfortable and almost embarrassed. "I wanted to give you something." He pulled out a wrapped object from his belt and held it before him, offering it to her. 
She took the item and unwrapped it, expecting some type of cursed object from the man who had despised her for so long. Instead, she saw a beautiful dagger of blue steel with a unicorn carved upon the hilt. There were runes upon the blade that she didn’t understand. 
"Assessor Jakara, this is beautiful, but I don’t understand why you’re giving it to me. It’s…unexpected."
He looked down to the floor, then up to her with sad eyes. "It was my daughter, Nlei’s, favorite. I had it made for her the day she joined the Knighthood. I was so proud of her. She died some cycles ago and I blamed the Earth woman instructor who had thought her ready enough to fight. Armored Daemons ambushed them and wiped out the entire squad. It wasn’t until that day you showed me your Sight that I realized I not only blamed the instructor, but I blamed myself for encouraging Nlei to join the Knighthood." He looked down and sighed.
"You know, it was Nlei’s choice and neither I nor the instructor would have discouraged her from doing her duty." He met her eyes. "I think it’s time I focused on the present instead of on the past. I used to look at that dagger every night before bed and torture myself. It’s time to move on. I’d like you to have it." 
"I’d be honored." She felt sad that he had to endure the loss of his daughter. It was amazing how the events of people’s lives shaped how they looked at the world. Even bad events could help to move a person in a better direction. "What do the runes mean?" 
"They mean light and strength, for that’s what she was to me. I can teach you how to use it, if you’d like. I’m an expert with a dagger and I used to teach her a lot about fighting opponents larger than herself."
She realized he was looking for redemption. "I’d be happy to learn, since pretty much everyone around here is bigger than I am." Perhaps he wasn’t the only one who needed it.
"Well, Lady Kathryn, I believe the proper thing to do is to wish you a happy Nameday. I must be going now. Be safe." He nodded and headed down the hall. 
Nameday?
He passed Hal coming from the other direction. Hal gestured behind him and asked, "What did he want?"
"He wanted to give me this." She showed him the dagger and he whistled with appreciation. "It was his daughter’s. I think he wants a truce. He offered me lessons on how to use it as well. It seems like he’s changed. He seems a little sadder and I don’t sense any more bitterness or arrogance from him."
"I got the same feeling when I talked to him in the market. I mentioned it was your birthday three months ago, by the way. I guess they celebrate a person’s Nameday three months after their birth. Something about bad luck if you pick a name early. Sorry." He looked down in embarrassment. "I got you this." 
She hadn’t noticed the bundle behind his back. It was heavy and her eyes widened in surprise and delight when she unwrapped a gorgeous statue of a knight on horseback. The piece stood about a foot high and was made of a beautiful white stone, similar to marble. "Oh my, Hal. This is beautiful. I’ve never seen a carving so detailed!" 
He removed his helmet, a huge smile upon his face. "I saw it and knew you’d love it immediately. I tried to find you some candy or something as well, but I didn’t know where to look." 
He was so much like her brother, Donny. "It’s perfect. Let me put this stuff in my room, and then we can go down for dinner." He nodded and she went back into her room carrying her new gifts with a sense of joy. Feeling so depressed a little while ago, now she felt good. Someone hadn't forgotten her and she had actually made a difference on this world. After placing the dagger and the statue next to her books upon the shelf over the desk, she spent the rest of the evening of her Nameday in a better mood than on her birthday.

Sir Lanclor taught the most advanced weaponry courses, so sometimes took over for Hook to gauge the readiness of the newer knights to move to the next level. As a treat for all of the beginner-knights, they had the opportunity to drill with him one-on-one without the protective spells around their blades. Sir Lanclor explained he was confident enough in his ability, and their lack of ability, not to fear their blades. In return, his blade was free of protective spells, but he had the experience to direct his sword only where he wished. This presented them with the true excitement of battle with the thrill of danger.
Hal drew his sword and faced off against Sir Lanclor, something he said he always feared, but now seemed to relish, and lasted for over three minutes before receiving a hit from Sir Lanclor. Every other knight who had gone before him received a hit after the first twenty seconds. Hal showed great promise with his sword technique and would likely graduate to the more advanced courses.
Kathryn’s bout started well enough. She had managed to last about fifteen seconds before her Final Battle Sight occurred. This time, instead of seeing the knights at a distance, she was among them. She recognized most of them, or seemed to in the Sight. 
She could see the runes of Sir Lanclor's sword. Mounted upon his black charger, he led a group of knights against innumerable Daemons. He had just beheaded a Daemon when another one threw the spear that killed his beloved horse. 
His horse fell onto its side, trapping his leg underneath its dead weight. As he struggled to free his leg and defend himself from the Daemons at the same time, several Daemons saw his dilemma and attacked all at once. She could see the surprise and pain in his eyes as three spears impaled him. His screams ripped across the battlefield to join those of the remainder of the knights. The Daemons’ cries of victory roared over the valley.
The Sight had taken but a few moments. She couldn’t look upon Sir Lanclor at that time without absolute terror—terror that she had seen his death and the death of perhaps all of the knights. Her sword froze in her hand and he nearly skewered her with his sword where he expected her upraised blade. He awkwardly twisted his wrist, which looked painful, and avoided any injury to her. 
"You fool! I could have killed you! Why in the world did you freeze like that when with your basic training you should have seen that move coming?" Sir Lanclor roared. The other knights stared at her. 
She backed away from him, terror still in her eyes. His eyes went from anger to puzzlement. Sheathing her sword, she left the practice field. She couldn’t bring herself to tell Hal about the details, so just said she had a Sight when he asked her about it later that day.
Hal must have explained to the other knights that she had a Sight as she was fighting Sir Lanclor and was terrified that it had occurred in the midst of battle. Kathryn had avoided Sir Lanclor after that. She could tell the other knights were reluctant to drill will her afterward, afraid that she might have another Sight and cause them to injure her.
Chapter 18

"Sir Lanclor, that horse is possessed. None of the grooms will go near her and when someone is stupid enough to try to ride her, she throws him." The frustrated stable master wasn’t going to leave Lanclor alone until he did something about the horse. "I don’t even remember where we got her. Probably from a Daemon somewhere. If she weren’t the most beautiful horse I’d ever seen, I would’ve gotten rid of her months ago. She has the muscle for a knight, if not the temperament. I figure I’d let you take a look at her before I finally dispose of her."
Before he could continue, Lanclor cut in, "Maybe if you showed her to me, Master Junten, I could judge for myself."
The stable master winced. "Yes, Sir Lanclor. I don’t know why I didn’t think of that myself."
Lanclor didn't understand why people cowered every time he addressed them. Maybe his black armor reminded them of a Daemon. If only the title of Destructor were an honorable one and not one known for treachery. He couldn’t change who he was, or whom he Bore. 
The stable master broke into his self-pitying thoughts. "We had to put her back here away from the other horses some time ago. It’s quieter back here and the grooms seem to work a lot better without her around." 
The stalls around the one in the back of the stable were empty. He beheld a mare that he would consider beautiful and well bred if she were clean and not standing in muck. 
"How long have you had her in this filth?" 
Master Junten hung his head. "She’s only been like this for the past few weeks. We had her in the stall near the other horses for over five months. About a month ago, she suddenly became violent. She attacked most of the grooms, only the men, when they tried to clean her stall. Only little Larna could do anything with her. Her mood seemed to spread to the other horses and they started to act a little more aggressively as well. I had Larna move her to this stall a few weeks ago, but then Larna died in that attack on the North Village while visiting her mother." The stable master shook his head.
"After that, the other grooms, both men and women, thought her cursed and wouldn’t go near her. I’ve been feeding her all this time, but I’ve had to time it just right so she wouldn’t bite me. It’s impossible to get into her stall to clean it, much less groom her. Word travels fast and no groom in the area will touch her. You’re pretty much her last hope."
He'd misjudged the stable master. "I understand why she’s like this. I’ll give you two gold crowns for her." 
The stable master's eyes bulged, but he quickly recovered and accepted Lanclor's insane offer. An ill-tempered horse wasn’t worth one gold crown, let alone two. Still, the mare was remarkable and of obviously high breeding. and Lanclor wanted to apologize for the insult. 
"I’ll send a woman down to collect the mare tonight," Lanclor said as he dropped one coin into Junten's palm. "You’ll receive the rest of the gold upon delivery. Good day, Master Junten." He gave him no time to object and left him standing there with his mouth partially open. With the proper spells, he could at least make the mare quiet enough so she could bear a few foals. With her attributes, her foals would fetch a fair price. 
The next day, he decided to drop by and see what the mare looked like under all of that filth. He was about to ask the knight stable master where she was stalled when he heard a curse and a whinny. 
"That damn horse is monstrous!" A groom backed out of a stall a few yards away, nursing a bloody arm. He saw Lanclor watching him and explained, "I was only trying to give her some fresh grain and she took a chunk out of my arm! I didn’t even do anything to her!" 
Lanclor looked into the stall of the "monstrous" horse and held his breath. The filthy mare now gleamed. Her white coat, mane and tail shone while her black muzzle, speckled with the groom’s blood, matched her black stockings. She gave him a challenging stare, but didn’t seem overly aggressive. He walked toward the door of her stall and he could tell she didn’t know what to make of him. 
He reached out to stroke her muzzle. She surprised him by clamping down on his arm. Luckily, he wore armor, but he had moved quickly away from her after her attack. That was strange; a horse had bitten him before and he had never retreated afterward. He couldn’t seem to gather his courage to approach her again and decided he would need to find a knight who would be able to work with her so he could learn more about her. 

Lanclor had been working on the supply lists with growing irritation for the past few hours. They had a surplus of supplies that had been growing over the past few cycles. The number of new recruits was a fraction of the number of recently killed knights. A knock on the door only added to his annoyance.
"Enter."
Hal was a tall man, only slightly shorter than he was. Hal's fighting skills were remarkable. All of his instructors complimented his sword technique, but his magic skills left a lot to be desired. Kathryn, Lady Kathryn, was average in her fighting ability, but some of her magic instructors suspected that she was trying to hide her magical aptitude. Complete opposites. 
Lady Kathryn's casting of spells without uttering a sound made them all question their knowledge of how magic occurred. Some of the instructors had wanted to approach her on the matter to find out how she had accomplished it, but had agreed to wait until her wings had Declared. If only she would explain what had happened that day in the practice ring.
"I’m sorry to bother you, Sir Lanclor, but I wasn’t sure who else to ask." Hal was a confident man on the practice field, but it seemed as if he lost that confidence every time he spoke with Lanclor.
"You’re not bothering me, Hal. What’s the question?" 
"I’m concerned about Lady Kathryn. She’s refused to leave her room for over three days now. I can’t even convince her to open her door. She hasn’t attended any drills in that time, which is unlike her since she takes her training seriously. For her suddenly to refuse to attend the sessions, it worries me. I asked if she wanted to see a healer, but she said she wasn’t ill. Could you perhaps speak with her? Maybe she’ll respond to someone with authority."
It wasn’t unheard of, though rare, that a knight failed after acceptance into the Knighthood. In those cases, the instructors witnessed the knight’s decline and the failure wasn’t surprising, but no instructors had complained about Lady Kathryn. They knew her to be a quiet, but competent learner. He was curious to find out what her problem involved.
"I’ll speak to her, but I’ll speak to her alone. Perhaps the problem involves something she doesn’t wish to share with someone from Earth. I’ll let you know what I find out, if she wants that information shared. I’ll talk to her this evening after the meal."
"I appreciate it, Sir Lanclor." Hal saluted and left the room. 
After the evening meal, Sir Lanclor climbed the stairs in the North Wing. He stood in the Earthling’s common room in front of Lady Kathryn’s door and knocked, awaiting a response.
"Who is it?" Lady Kathryn’s muffled reply leaked through the thick door.
"Sir Lanclor. I’d like to speak with you face to face."
There were a few seconds of hesitation, then a response. "Just a moment, Sir Lanclor." 
The moment lasted almost a full minute. He had forgotten how a minute sometimes felt like an hour. Lady Kathryn finally opened the door and stood helmet-less in a long cloak. It was alarming to see an entire human face of someone who was not a Grounded. Lady Kathryn’s appearance was anything but common. In a world of dark-haired and dark-eyed people, Lady Kathryn’s light brown hair and gray eyes were startling. 
"Please come in, Sir Lanclor," she said with a stiff salute. 
He entered her room and left the door open as honor demanded. "I didn’t realize the weather was so horrible outside today. In fact, I was thinking earlier about taking a rest from my paperwork to go for a ride on such a fine day." The statement hung in the air like an executioner’s ax.
Surprise, anger, and then resignation passed over her face. He again appreciated always wearing a helmet. She removed her cloak to reveal her armor and wings.
"By the Goddess!" Lanclor stepped backward. 
Staring into his eyes with a challenging look, she spread her stark white wings. Her armor was just a shade lighter than her wings. He’d never seen anything like it before. Normally, a new knight would Declare after about two cycles, one in rare cases, but always a gray or brown. That would guide them to follow the path of magic or weaponry. Even those who were Soulbearers were Graywings or Brownwings first. 
In Lanclor's case, he was a Brownwing before his wings turned midnight black. He’d been worried that he’d failed being a Brownwing and had converted back to the dark gray of an Undeclared, until he stood next to an Undeclared and saw that his wings were shades darker. In all of the histories, there was no record of a white-winged knight. 
"I don’t know what this means, Sir Lanclor, but I hope you can tell me?" Her challenging look turned to one of uncertainty. He could imagine what she was going through. The pain of not knowing where you belonged in the Knighthood could be significant. 
"When did this happen?"
"About three days ago. I woke up one morning and they were just like this, although my armor was still dark at that time. I noticed it lightening as the day wore on. By the evening meal, it was the color it is now. I was afraid to go out like this. I didn’t know if it meant something on this world, something bad."
"I’m not sure what it means, but I’m sure it’s not something bad." The only color a new knight feared to wield was the cursed black he now wore. While he was the Bearer of one of the most skilled knights in history, that knight had a reputation of betrayal and murder. "Have you noticed any unexplained abilities, glimpses of a past life?"
He saw her hesitation. "I have many abilities, but those occurred before I entered the Knighthood. My Sights seem to happen more often. I also seem to have a knack with spells."
She had to be one of the Soulbearers, knights who shared themselves with the essence of past knights. "Why have you not told us about your Sights?"
"I don’t know. I guess I was afraid that they’d end up just being dreams. My off-worlder reputation would be tarnished with madness." She began pacing the room, occasionally glancing at him to hold the conversation. "On my world, if you go around claiming you can see the future in dreams, you’d be locked away in a mental ward or you’d have your own 900 number."
He had no idea what a 900 number was, but he understood her reasoning. "I think you should still share your dreams with someone. They may just be dreams, but if they aren’t, they may help us win this war or avoid many deaths. What do you mean by a ‘knack with spells?’ Is a ‘knack’ a good thing?"
She smiled at his ignorance of her common terms. "I have a gift with spells. I usually can cast a spell on my first try. When I can’t, it usually means it’s misspelled in the book. I sometimes have to make revisions to the book." Looking embarrassed, she stopped. "I mean no offense, Sir Lanclor, but some of the spells in the advanced books are not spelled right. After I correct the spelling, I can cast the spell without a problem."
"Which spells have you revised? I know you have access to the library, and every knight is encouraged to take a look at the more advanced spells, although I don’t think you should be changing anything in the books." Lanclor forced himself to stand in one spot. He wanted to pace, but both of them pacing at the same time wouldn't be appropriate. 
"I don’t actually change anything in the book; I just write down the spell in my parchment book as I think it should be written and reference the book with the problem. Let me get my parchment and I’ll show you." She went to her desk and returned with a small parchment book. The book was about an inch think. "Most of the spells are from the same book." She opened it and offered it to him. 
Her writing was neat with notations in English. The first spell surprised him as it was definitely from the Lost Spells book. The spell of Communication was one of the most sought-after lost spells in the book. With that spell, officers could communicate with their knights using a type of telepathy. 
In flight, many verbal commands were lost in the wind. This spell was lost to them over a century ago with the unexpected death of an entire battalion and their instructors in the Barrens. While the knights had thought the spell was safe in the texts, the scribe apparently had spelled it wrong, thus the pronunciation was lost. "Have you successfully used this spell?"
"Yes. It’s a simple spell. I used it on Hal and he complained I was ‘talking’ too loud, but I haven’t had a chance to try it again to attempt to tone it down. I could try it with you if you’d like, Sir Lanclor."
His curiosity had to be satisfied. "I’d like you to try if you’re up to it. It’s a spell that has been lost too long."
She smiled, seeming to think about what she would say. He was waiting for her lips to move with the incantation when she looked up at him. 
I’m not sure what you’d like me to say, Sir Lanclor. I hope I’m not shouting at you. I think I’ve found out how to control the volume of the spell. I’m sure you’re the only one who can hear me. I’d have to experiment more to find out how to send messages out to large groups of people.
Lanclor smiled beneath his helmet and his mind raced with the implications of the Communication spell resurfacing. They could coordinate their attacks more effectively. 
"Did you hear all of that?" she asked aloud with eager curiosity. 
"Yes, I did, and no, you weren’t shouting. If you don’t mind, I’d like you to speak to some of the instructors about your findings. I’m sure they would be fascinated to see what other spells you’ve re-discovered. You need to keep up with your training. Your wing color is nothing to be ashamed of, although it’s a unique color. People will stare, but they’ll not think less of you." Quite the opposite, they’d think she was a Soulbearer.
"Yes, Sir. I’ll resume my training tomorrow. Thank you for taking the time to speak with me." She looked thoughtful, but he had no doubt she would indeed return to her training. 
"I look forward to learning more about the spells you’ve ‘corrected’ from the library. Be safe, Lady Kathryn." He gave her a quick nod and left the room. 
As he walked down the hall to return to his workroom, he realized that he had spoken to Lady Kathryn as he would have spoken to a Lady Instructor, an equal. He had even nodded to her as a sign of respect. He must be getting old if he so quickly forgot that Lady Kathryn was a mere first-cycle knight. Lanclor would have to notify Lord Alextor about her color change. There was no doubt in his mind that she was a Soulbearer. The question was, whom would she Bear?
Chapter 19

"I’d like to tell you about one of my Sights, Sir," Lady Kathryn said, standing at attention in front of his desk a few days later. Lanclor couldn’t keep his eyes from wandering to her white wings. It looked like her armor had lightened almost to match her wing color. She wore no sword as was customary when visiting the Knight-Commander. 
He realized his silence made her nervous. "Please take a seat, Lady Kathryn, and tell me about it." He gestured to the comfortable leather chair off to the side in front of his desk.
She sat and took a deep breath. "I’ve had a reoccurring Sight since the day of the Assessment. I believe you remember when I first grasped the hilt of my sword. I think you may also have noticed my expression before I retreated to the group of candidates." 
He nodded in confirmation. 
"Well, I had that same Sight, though from a different prospective, during our bout." 
Now he understood what had happened. She had the Sight while they were drilling and probably panicked that it had happened in the midst of battle. "I understand. You had a Sight, and then you were terrified that it had happened while you were drilling. Maybe I can ask Hook—"
"No, Sir, you don’t understand. I wasn’t terrified that it had happened while I was drilling. I was terrified because...you...the Daemons...the content of the dream, Sir. I can’t explain it. I’ll have to show you for you fully to understand it. With your permission, I could show you what I saw using that spell Sir Garrent uses to show the battles in the History training." 
He nodded his assent. 
"The first version is the one I saw when I first grasped the hilt." She recounted her first Sight, using the History spell to show him her Sight as she explained her interpretation at the time. Thousands of Daemons poured out of the portal. Some took to the sky while the others stayed on the ground, heading for the outnumbered group of knights. 
"As you can see, we wouldn’t have a chance. With that many Daemons, we would only last a matter of hours. I’m not sure why, but I know if the Knighthood falls, the Daemons will get to Earth, and they have no defense against them." 
The Daemons were overwhelming the knights and Lanclor saw the death of his men. 
"When their guns and missiles wouldn’t work," Kathryn continued, "they’d try nuclear weapons and destroy everything they were trying to protect."
 Seeing the defeat of the knights was almost unbearable. He could understand now why she was terrified that first day. She proceeded to show him the Sight she had during their bout. He was speechless as he watched his own death. While unafraid of his own death, the death of the rest of the knights scared the hell out of him. 
He placed his head in his hands and tried to think of some way to prevent this from occurring. Surely, there was a way to prevent it. Why else would the Goddess send the Sights? He finally realized the burden placed upon Lady Kathryn’s shoulders. He wondered how she could continue, knowing their possible fate. If he were in her shoes, he would be in the library day and night to try to find a way home. Even if she could find a way back to Earth, it would only be a matter of time before the Daemons crossed over behind her, using their magic and the Portal. 
Suddenly, he knew she wasn’t going to the library to find a way home. She was going to the library, digging through the Lost Spell books to try to find a way to prevent the Sight from occurring. That realization brought a new respect and hope.
"You wouldn’t have received the Sight without a reason. There must be a way we can prevent these events. I think we should focus on the other knights in the Sight and try to identify them. If I don’t recognize some of them, perhaps this event won’t happen for some time. That will give us a period to work together with the instructors and Soulbearers to find a solution. Show me the second Sight again, but try to focus on the knights around me."
They viewed the Sight several times and documented who was present at the battle. He didn’t recognize four of the knights. This meant it wouldn’t occur for at least three cycles, the amount of time normally required before a new knight would reach the training level to see battle with the Daemons at the ground level. In those three cycles, they would have to train the knights to fight against large numbers of Daemons on the ground. 
In the past, Daemons fought the majority of the time in flight, so they’d focused on in-flight battles instead of mounted ones. He also didn’t recognize the rocky landscape. It was within a large valley in a mountainous region. The valley consisted of red rocky hills dotted with dense patches of spindly trees and bushes. A wide river wound its way through the left end of the valley, the water red from the rocks beneath. He would have to ask around and find out if anyone recognized the valley.
Lady Kathryn left his workroom a few hours later with no ill effects from the History spell. He’d have to remember to tell Garrent about her magical stamina. Garrent normally took an hour-long nap after all of his history courses because the spell was so exhausting. The fact that Lady Kathryn performed the History spell several times in addition to the Communication spell—she had successfully taught him the spell, so they practiced as much as possible—impressed him. She was patient throughout the documenting and had never complained. He thought he might have found just the knight to befriend that mare.

Chapter 20

As she landed on her back for the tenth time, Kathryn began to dislike Hal. 
"Why, Lady Kathryn, you seem to have fallen down again. May I help you up?" he said as he offered his hand with a huge grin.
"I only keep falling down because you already know how to defend yourself. You act like having a black belt in karate isn’t a factor in these exercises." She glared as he continued to grin. 
"These exercises are nothing like karate, but I’m sure my karate experience plays a big role in why I kick your ass every time we’re paired up. Don’t take it personally, Kate. You kick my ass when we pair up for anything magic-related."
That was true. No matter the knight, she managed to defeat all of her classmates when it came to magic. She had not yet challenged any of the higher ranked knights or instructors. That wasn’t the coward’s way out, but her instinct for survival. They had some friends among the other knights, but the majority only saw Hal and her as outsiders who had no right to join the order in the first place. Her white wings only made things worse. 
If she went anywhere without some type of wing-covering cloak, people stared at her and whispered behind their hands. With that and her gray eyes, she would never fit in here. Hal, still with dark gray wings and brown eyes, could pass for a native here if it wasn’t for his rosy outlook on life. He had to be one of the most optimistic people she'd ever met. Given that almost all of the people on this world were pessimistic, he stuck out in a crowd if he uttered a single positive sentence.
"Lady Kathryn, I would like to speak with you," Sir Lanclor said as he came up behind them. 
She nodded to him, brushed herself off, and excused herself from Hal’s victory celebration of his hand-to-hand fighting prowess. 
Sir Lanclor gestured for her to walk beside him. "I’ve heard that you had a large dog back home. You're also patient when you're teaching others. I have an animal I’d like you to look at. I’ll be blunt, or more blunt than usual. You’re the only female knight who isn’t afraid of large animals. I’ll think of some reward if you’re able to tame this mare." They had stopped in the knight barn in front of a stall containing a large white mare. The mare glanced at Sir Lanclor with an aggressive look. "She only seems to trust women. She’s all yours." He turned to walk away.
"Hey, wait a minute, Sir. I don’t know much about horses. How am I supposed to do this?" 
"I have no idea. You’ll have to think of something that nobody else has tried. I’d recommend wearing your armor." She heard him chuckle as he walked away.
The mare eyed Kathryn as she approached her. She removed her helmet to get a better look. The mare seemed startled at first, but seemed to relax when she saw that Kathryn was a female. Kathryn extended her hand and placed it upon the mare's forehead. When she saw that the horse wasn’t going to hurt her, she began gently to stroke her nose. 
That feels nice. Now do my neck. 
Kathryn began to stroke her neck before she fully realized what had just happened. The mare had spoken to her somehow. It was similar to the Communication spell, but she didn’t sense the use of magic. 
Kathryn tried using the Communication spell upon the mare. Can you understand me?
The mare seemed startled at first, but then seemed to relax. Of course, I can, human. There’s no need to shout. You humans are such loud creatures. Always making noise and trying to get attention. You think you can ride us anytime you want, your own personal slaves. You may be able to enslave my poor dumb cousins, but I’ll never yield to you if I don’t feel like doing something. Brush my mane now.
Kathryn realized that the white mare was intelligent, but arrogant. The mare expected Kathryn immediately to respond to her command, which if she wasn’t aware of the telepathy, she would have done subconsciously. The mare complained about her enslavement, but expected Kathryn to respond to her orders as if she was her slave. She wasn’t sure if the horse was a hypocrite or just ignorant. 
The bond between a human and a horse wasn’t slavery, but a relationship built upon mutual need, or so she heard on television. The horse provided their transportation while they provided the horse with food, shelter and grooming. Perhaps someone had abused the mare, so she believed only what her experience had shown her.
I don’t choose to brush your mane. I’m not your slave either, so I will also not yield to you if I don’t want to do something. Horses are not the slaves of humans, but their friends. You allow us to ride you and we take care of your needs. It’s a relationship based upon mutual respect.
Mutual respect, oh please, the mare snorted with contempt. I have no respect whatsoever for humans. I tolerate the females, but that’s only because they’re lighter and I have to get some exercise or I’ll die of boredom. I’ve tired of your company. You may go now. She turned her back toward Kathryn and began to munch on her grain.
Kathryn scowled at the mare. Nobody treated her like that, let alone a four-legged animal. You, horse, are arrogant and ignorant. You base all of your knowledge upon what you’ve experienced. You never consider what knowledge others possess that may be beyond yours. You’re selfish and un-useful since you refuse to cooperate with anyone and expect everyone to do everything you want. Kathryn turned and walked out of the barn while the mare remained silent.
Chapter 21

"I don’t know what to do, Lanclor. I know he has the ability, but I can’t seem to teach him how to perform these spells. Given, they’re complicated spells, but they’re well within his skill level. He’s amazing when it comes to ice or wind spells, but when it comes to fire spells..." Garrent held out his hands in defeat. 
Lanclor could understand his dilemma. Many of the knights seemed only to be able to excel in certain types of magic. There was nothing in the library about limitations or specializations when it came to magic use. He remembered quite a few knights who could do a level 5 fire spell, but could barely control a level 2 ice spell. 
"I don’t know, Garrent. You know this has happened quite often and we’ve never been able to find the answer to the problem." 
Garrent nodded and walked over to stare out the window. 
Lanclor's door stood open, so Lady Kathryn tapped on the open door to announce her presence. 
"Sir Lanclor, I’d like to speak to you about... Sorry, Sir, I didn’t realize you were busy. I’ll come back at another time." 
Saluting, she began to turn away and he flashed a quick glance to Garrent. "You’re not intruding, Lady Kathryn. Sir Garrent and I were talking about some magical issues. What did you want to speak to me about?"
She nodded to Garrent and seemed to relax as he returned her nod. "The white mare, Sir. I was wondering why you didn’t tell me she was telepathic."
"Telepathic? I didn’t know she was. That explains a lot of things." He couldn’t believe it. That meant she was probably descended from the Old Herd—the horses originally pulled with their Earth ancestors and altered by the dragons. For only two gold crowns! "I guess that means you should be able to talk her into letting other people ride her. Maybe you could help us out with something we were discussing. We’ve found that some knights seem to be better at one type of spell than another type. Have you ever heard of this while reading in the library?"
She seemed surprised at the question, but not as surprised as Garrent. Lady Kathryn looked down as if in thought, then responded. "I believe it’s all in how they ‘think’ the spell, Sir Lanclor. For a while, I wasn’t ‘thinking’ my water spells quite right. I was doing so well with my fire spells and I found I couldn’t seem to master my level 6 water spell for over two weeks." 
Lanclor didn't think Lady Kathryn saw their eyes widen in surprise. She complained about mastering a level 6 water spell in a way that said she had gone even further with her fire spells. Most of the instructors here usually stopped at level 5 spells in the areas of their mastery. The spells higher than level 5 seemed to drain you to the point of collapse if performed too often, which wasn’t an option in battle.
She continued without hesitation. "I always pictured the fire in my head when I performed my fire spells. I tried picturing the water in my head as well, but it didn’t seem to work. I eventually realized that I needed to picture the water and imagine how it would feel and move as well. I didn’t have any problems with the next few levels." She smiled with her eyes as both Garrent and he stared at her.
Lanclor dared to ask the question burning in their minds. "So, what level of fire and water spells are you able to perform now?"
"Well, in the documented spells, I think I’ve gone up to level 10 on each spell, but from those other spells that weren’t spelled correctly, I think I’m up to level 29 fire and only level 20 on the water spells." 
Level 29 fire! It seemed as if she thought they would disapprove that she hadn’t mastered the spells at a higher level. She didn’t realize that her misspelled spells had been lost to them for some time. Their Master level knights had to be able to perform level 10 spells in fire, water, ice, wind, and their corresponding shields along with teleportation and motion spells. That could take a decade to master. Lady Kathryn had managed to bypass all of them in less than four months. He again wondered whom she Bore.
"What about ice, wind, any shields?" Garrent could remain silent no longer. He thirsted for knowledge of magic as he thirsted for knowledge of history. "How do you deal with the draining issue? Have you ever lost consciousness?"
"I haven’t been focusing on the shields, but have been looking more into offensive spells." She quickly glanced Lanclor's way and he nodded to indicate he had shared her Sights with Garrent. They had not yet scheduled a time to speak with her about her library research. Maybe now would be a good time to do that. "My ice is at around level 11 just because I’ve been focusing so much on my fire and water spells." She seemed embarrassed to admit her "lack" of studying. "I haven’t worked with wind much, only level 3. I still don’t understand how it can be more useful than a fire spell. I consider it more of a defensive than offensive spell."
Lanclor thought their silence confused her. She stood stiffly, as if awaiting some rebuke. He refused to let her believe her success over their failure was a reason for reprimand. "I think, Lady Kathryn, you may have to meet with us and share what you’ve learned. Many of the spells you speak of have been lost to us for a long time. 
"Perhaps you can teach us some of them, or help some of the other knights master the art of learning the spells. I think you have a different approach to learning the spells than what our instructors teach. You may hold the key to us learning the Lost spells and ending the Daemon War." 
After Lady Kathryn departed, Garrent closed the door and seated himself in front of Sir Lanclor's desk. 
"Whom do you think she Bears?" Garrent said.
"I honestly don’t know. I don’t remember any women with as high a magic level."
"It’s not unheard of for a woman to Bear a male. You know that."
"That’s true. I guess it’s so rare that I never even considered it. We can guess all we want, but we’ll have to wait for the Judgment to occur for her before we’ll know anything. That can only occur after she has Announced. You know as well as I that it could take cycles before she’s even aware that she Bears. "
"Oh, I know that, Lanclor. I only suggest that you try to include her in more of our discussions so we can judge for ourselves that she Bears nobody evil. Given her Sights and actions thus far, I don’t think she Bears anyone evil, but sometimes evil can hide behind many masks. That, we both know too well."
He nodded his agreement. Both Garrent and he had taken a potential Soulbearer under their wings. Borith had shown great promise until the night before he was to Announce. Borith had decided go to the local brothel to celebrate the special occasion. In the Knighthood, it wasn’t dishonorable to visit a brothel as long as the knights used some form of pregnancy protection. He had chosen the best woman in town, but she hadn't been a fan of Borith’s sexual aggression. 
After Borith had satisfied himself and the woman had been severely injured, she had cast some type of curse upon him which any lesser witch could remove. Instead of accepting the curse and having it removed later, he had used a spell of Manipulation to force the woman and the rest of the brothel women to throw themselves out the window along with some Royal Guardsmen who had tried to stop him. 
Spells of Manipulation were strictly forbidden, as was murder. The Knighthood stripped Borith of his title and Blocked him before banishing him. He'd disappeared from his cell before the knights could brand him with the murderer’s mark and escort him to the wild lands. Nobody had seen him since.
"I hope more than anything that Lady Kathryn bears nobody evil," Lanclor said as he realized what could happen. "I don’t think we could ever stop someone who could cast a level 29 fire spell."
Garrent’s eyes widened. "You’re right. No knight here would know a powerful enough fire shield spell to block it. I hope and pray it’ll never come to that."
"You and I both."
Chapter 22

Kathryn entered the room and looked around, trying to figure out where in the world she should sit. She was here to tell the knight instructors that they were ignorant and she had all of the answers with her Lost Spells corrections. Sure, they’ll be so happy to hear that. 
Glancing around, she saw many instructors looking at her with disbelief. She wasn’t sure if it was her wing color or the fact that she was a first-cycle knight giving them a lecture on magic. Luckily, Sir Garrent saved her from her discomfort and motioned her to the seat on his right. She only noticed they were on a pair of raised chairs when she had to climb a step to take her seat. 
Around them, she only saw a few knights she recognized. The rest were helmeted strangers emanating impatience to get back to their duties. Many had their arms crossed, which on this world shouted we have more important things to do than this.
The room quieted as Sir Garrent spoke. "I thank everyone for coming today. I know you have many things to do, but I believe this takes precedence over them. Lady Kathryn has been researching the Lost Books and has found misspellings. She has corrected these spellings and has performed many of the Lost Spells. I’ll leave it up to her to demonstrate. Lady Kathryn?" He motioned her to rise as he sat down.
She hesitantly rose from her seat and pushed all of her awful memories of oral exams from Earth from her mind. "I’m sure that many of you think this is a waste of time, so I’ll get right to the point. I apologize ahead of time if I offend anyone." After she removed her helmet, there were several gasps of surprise, either by her appearance or by the action itself, she wasn’t sure. 
I know that the vast majority of you balk at the removal of my helmet during this meeting, but it’s the only way to show you that I’m indeed using the Communication spell. 
She paused to let that sink in. Every eye in the room widened in surprise and arms were uncrossed. She had their attention. 
Sir Lanclor explained to me that this spell was one that has been lost too long. I’ve been going through the Lost Spells and I’ve corrected only a small portion of them. Some I dare not demonstrate in a crowded room. You can’t imagine how hot a level 20 fire spell can be in a small room. I had to wear my helmet everywhere just to hide my missing eyebrows. This brought out a few chuckles, most likely from those with similar experiences.
I’ve written a list of the spells I’ve corrected and Sir Garrent will make a copy for anyone who wants one. Sir Garrent and I have agreed that it will be best to learn these spells on a one-on-one basis until everyone learns how to control the spell. Otherwise, we may all be Communicating our personal conversations to the rest of the Knighthood. 
I’ve taught both Sir Lanclor and Sir Garrent the spell, and they’ve both mastered how to control it. I’m sure they would be the best teachers in this situation. Everybody will also be able to experiment on your own using the list, but I’d recommend looking at the spell in the Lost Spell book beforehand so you’re aware of the dangers. With that, I’ll hand the floor back over to Sir Garrent. 
Sir Garrent stood and asked fearfully, "Are there any questions?"
The room erupted with noise. It took quite a while before Sir Garrent regained order. There were many questions about a handful of spells and when they could learn them. Kathryn quietly sat in her chair and waited for the end of the meeting. Sir Garrent finally declared this one as his final question and called upon a knight in gold. She hadn’t realized that Lord Alextor attended.
Lord Alextor stood and looked directly at her. "If I may ask, Lady Kathryn, why do you think Sir Garrent and Sir Lanclor would be the best teachers in this situation? I would think if you were the one to discover the spells, that you would be the best person to teach them." He saved her from answering the questions she had no idea how to answer. "With that in mind, I’d like you to teach me the Lost Spells. I’ll decide if these spells should be in the hands of the rest of the Knighthood. It might be best if some of these spells remained lost." 
She couldn’t refuse the leader of the Knighthood. "I’d be honored to teach you the Lost Spells, Lord Alextor."

Kathryn's next Sight occurred a week into her lessons with Lord Alextor. This Sight was different since it lasted long enough for her to question Lord Alextor about its meaning. As Lord Alextor sat across from her with both of their hands touching the same bowl of water intended for a level 15 ice spell, the white haze obscured her vision. 
She was suddenly aware of an image of him and a tall woman walking arm-in-arm down an aisle. The woman walked with her back straight and seemed to show everyone her prize—her husband. They walked away from a short woman with gentle eyes who stood in front of hundreds of knights, with Sir Lanclor in the forefront. As Lord Alextor and the tall woman walked farther and farther away, the knights began to fall to the ground. She heard the clang of their armor as they hit the stone floor. The short woman’s eyes were pleading as she reached a hand toward Lord Alextor. 
"Who’s the tall woman, Alextor? The tall woman, so confident and commanding, while the short one seems so gentle, yet has a certain power emanating from her?" Kathryn spoke as if in a dream, her fuzzy mind only realizing afterward that she had addressed Lord Alextor as an equal.
He didn’t hesitate, even in his surprise. "I assume the tall woman you speak of is Loreaneth of Valtimar. Her father has offered me her hand in marriage. The Council is pressuring me to accept, for her father is a wealthy merchant. I haven’t met a short woman, unless that could be Guarenia of Lenton. Her mother also offered me her hand in marriage, but Guarenia’s mother recently recovered from an illness and won’t be able to present Guarenia until the New Harvest next week. Valtimar is insisting I respond by the end of this week." 
Loreaneth and Lord Alextor continued to walk away from Guarenia and the falling knights. They headed for an army of Daemons. The Daemons stood upon a misshapen hill and their claws created a sickening popping sound when they adjusted their positions. Only when the couple reached the Daemons did she realize they stood upon a hill of bleached skulls.
"Loreaneth will somehow cause the end of the Knighthood. Don’t turn your back on Guarenia and the knights." 
Kathryn felt a brush of wind upon her cheek and a shadow flickered at the edge of her vision. Someone else was in the room. 
You stupid bitch. Do you really think you’re untouchable? The histories are true; a Seer is defenseless during a Sight. I think it’s time for your education of our leader to end. He’s not capable of leading us down the right road anyway. 
The newcomer cast some type of choking spell combined with some other mental attack upon her. Kathryn fell from her chair trying to remove the invisible hands from around her throat. She heard Lord Alextor shouting for the other knights before the white haze faded to black.

Kathryn awoke to hunger and a bad headache. The antiseptic smell lingered in the air of the infirmary. Two guards, posted inside her room, sat at a table playing a dice game. When they saw her awake, one of them left the room.
"How are you feeling?" the remaining knight asked.
"I’m okay." 
The knight nodded, but didn’t say anything else.
Several minutes later, Lord Alextor and Sir Lanclor entered the room, accompanied by the Master Healer, Vetera. The room felt much smaller.
"Lady Kathryn, how are you feeling?" Master Vetera asked.
"My head hurts, but I think I’m okay. I’m hungry. What happened?" She had a vague recollection of the attack, but couldn’t seem to understand what truly happened. 
Lord Alextor exchanged a look with Sir Lanclor and responded, "Someone attacked you, magically, in my throne room. You were having a Sight and I felt someone come into the room and begin attacking you after you warned me about Loreaneth. My guards and I were able to reverse the spells, but not before you lost consciousness. That happened about two days ago."
"Two days!" She paused, trying to grasp how so much time had passed when it seemed like it had only happened a few hours before. "Did you find out who did it?"
"No, we didn’t find out who performed the spells." Sir Lanclor clenched his fists at his sides. "The fact that he was able to attack you inside the throne room has us worried. He used Forbidden spells to attack you. It may take us a while to find him. In the meantime, we’d like to increase the defensive spells on the throne room. When you feel up to it, Lady Kathryn, I’d like your assistance with researching defensive spells from the Lost Spells book. I’m glad to see you’ve recovered. I have a lot to do, so I must take my leave with your permission, Lord Alextor?" With Lord Alextor’s nod, he saluted and left the room. 
"Sometimes I wonder why he punishes himself. He thinks that just because he Bears the Destructor, that everyone judges him based upon the Destructor’s reputation. He needs to realize that we Bear their memories and not their souls." 
Lord Alextor continued to stare after him. "We used to be childhood friends, you know. We were closer than brothers until he Announced. After that, he pushed everybody away, fearing he would somehow betray them." He cleared his throat. 
"You know, I believed in your Sight. I will wait until I meet Guarenia before I make my decision." His eyes smiled. "I spoke to one of her couriers. You were right. She has a gentle heart, but a firm authority. She has managed her estate for cycles and is a fine huntswoman."
Kathryn hadn’t noticed that the healer had gone. Master Healer Vetera now entered the room carrying a tray full of food. 
"I’ll now leave you to your meal. When you’ve fully recovered, we can continue our lessons. Be safe, Lady Kathryn," Lord Alextor said with a nod and left the room.

Kathryn joined Sir Lanclor in the library at his request four days after the incident in the throne room. They had decided that the best way to prevent the Last Battle Sight from happening was to find a spell powerful enough to defeat the Daemons. He also wanted to find more defensive spells for the throne room. 
They agreed to search in the library for one hour every other day in the evening until they had gone through all of the Lost Spell books. With Sir Lanclor present, Kathryn felt it more appropriate to keep her helmet on to avoid offending him. She hadn't realized until that moment how annoying it was to try to read a book looking through the eye slit. Growing frustrated, she decided to approach the problem head-on.
"Sir Lanclor?" she said in a quiet voice.
He responded with some annoyance since she had interrupted his search. "Yes, Lady Kathryn?"
"Would you be offended if I removed my helmet? It's awkward trying to read through this thing."
"That's fine. I guess I've had a lot of practice so I don't even notice it anymore."
She removed her helmet with relief and resumed her search through the Lost Spells: Book 50. She started at the end of the book list while Sir Lanclor tackled the beginning. They decided they could meet in the middle if they had the time to do so. To save time, they decided to only read the spell descriptions and note any that may be helpful during the battle. If she tried correcting all of the spellings, they'd be stuck in the library for years. 
On the sixth day of their mutual search, she found a spell that might turn the tides of the Battle. Even after so many days cooped up together, Sir Lanclor and she still maintained their formalities. He was still the Knight-Commander and she dared not offend him. Likewise, he acted as though he was her teacher and avoided any type of conversation not related to the search. While this seemed like an unlikely alliance, she felt as if she knew him a little better and their silence wasn’t uncomfortable. 
"Sir Lanclor, I think I may have found something."
"What did you find?" He sat up straight in his chair with his eyes alight. 
She read the description aloud. "The Phoenix Fire Spell: A unique fire spell of the highest level that can be focused on creatures of a particular physiology. This spell safely engulfs the caster and expands to strike the targeted creatures within sight of the caster. Originally used by the High Dragon Synthakla to rid Av'lor of thickly armored karatoek bugs destroying the last crops of the Lir’Kelah, avoiding a catastrophic famine." 
"That sounds like a possibility. What are the warnings?"
"Oh, I haven't read those yet. Let me see." She paused; frowning as she first read the warning to herself. "This spell should only be used by a mage capable of a level 250 fire spell. If not controlled, the Phoenix Fire Spell will not only engulf, but also fully consume the caster. That doesn't sound good."
"A level 250 fire spell? There's no way. Don't even bother to write that one down. It's too dangerous." He shook his head.
"It's dangerous, but it may be possible, depending upon how long we have. I'm already at level 60. I can do it if I have enough time." She had a gift with the fire spells for some reason. A level 250 spell seemed daunting, but if it would save the Knighthood, she was willing to try.
"No. Absolutely not. No spell is worth risking your life." She heard the finality in his voice. He resumed his research.
Kathryn wasn’t sure if she believed that. If there was a chance she could cast that spell and end the war, she could save the lives of not only the knights, but her family as well. She quietly wrote the spell down, refusing to dismiss any spell that may save them, even if it could be fatal. 
Chapter 23

"Lady Kathryn, I’m going to say this as your friend and I hope you don’t take it the wrong way." Elena stopped her chores and looked down at Kathryn. "You look awful. Have you been getting enough sleep?" 
"Do I really look that bad?" Kathryn rubbed her eyes and continued to poke at the large beetle on the floor. It would turn around and run the other way whenever she poked it. The mouse's tail lashed out from beneath the bed and pinned the beetle to the floor. 
Elena smiled. 
"Well, I feel exhausted. I have so many things to do every day that I end up dreaming about them. So, I basically work while I’m sleeping, too. I don’t think I’ve had a decent night’s sleep in a month." Kathryn stroked the mouse's back as it devoured the beetle.
"You need to find something to do that relieves your thoughts of the day. Do you ever have any fun?" Elena asked in a worried voice.
"Fun? What’s that? Sir Lanclor has given me yet another task. I’m supposed to train a mare to be a knight’s mount. On top of that, the horse is telepathic, arrogant and hates humans. That’s just one more task that takes up my time. I have no time for fun anymore. On my off days, I’m so exhausted I don’t feel like doing anything." Kathryn placed her head in her hands. She had never felt so frustrated.
"Well, what about reading? I remember when I first met you, you mentioned you missed reading. I’m not talking about that dull stuff in the library, either. I’m talking about a real story, maybe one with a little romance and adventure. I can let you borrow some of mine if you’d like." Elena stood with her hands on her hips.
"I miss reading stories. I’ve read so many spell books I almost forgot there was another reason to read—enjoyment. It’s ironic, but I used to love reading fantasy books—knights, dragons, wizards. Now, that’s too much like real life. Yes, I’d like to try reading some of your stories. Do you have a favorite?" 
"Oh, yes. I have one which will make your heart flutter, but still maintains an intelligent storyline. I’ll bring it by tomorrow when I get the linens and leave it on your desk. You need to read at least a chapter before bed every night. It will help your mind relax and you’ll feel more rested. In the meantime, my mother made this book." Elena handed her a thick book bound in leather.
Kathryn opened the leather binding and stared in awe. Hand-drawn illustrations depicted the animals of Av’lor with their names on the adjacent pages. The names were from Earth, but the pictures were as alien as the mouse. She flipped to the dragon that looked nothing like the expected winged serpent, but a dog-like creature with wings. The only animals that matched their names were dogs and horses. "Why do these animals have those names if they don’t look anything like them?"
"My mother said she suspected the first human settlers labeled the animals with Earth names since they had no idea what else to call them. They brought the horses and dogs from Earth, but the dogs died out quite a while ago." Elena gathered her things and stood at the door.
"Thank you, Elena. I don’t think you realize how much you’ve helped me and I don’t mean having a clean room. I’ll let you know what I think of your books." Kathryn smiled as Elena bid her goodbye and left. The red mouse curled itself next to her foot and fell asleep. 
"Oh Dargo, I miss you," Kathryn mumbled to herself.

Kathryn had spoken to the stable master and he had agreed to let her be in charge of feeding the mare. A female stable hand would groom her until Kathryn knew how to do it herself. She had learned to care for another horse on her own for a week when the stable master finally had given her permission to assume full responsibility. It was a chore she didn’t look forward to since the mare had made no other attempt to speak to her.
It had been almost three weeks since she had given the mare a piece of her mind, the one and only time they had communicated. She finished mucking out the stall and decided to bring her in from the pasture a little early today to give her some extra grooming. The stable master had recommended a spell that would prevent bugs from bothering her. He said he rarely had the opportunity to use it, as most owners knew it already. It was an easy spell and it might provide Kathryn with another stepping-stone to earning her trust. 
Kathryn leaned on the fence ringing the large meadow looking for one of the few white horses among the herd. She spotted her off to one side beneath a large fruit tree. All of the fallen fruit consumed, the mare stood there looking up at the unreachable branches. The other horses had already given up, but Kathryn could imagine her mind continuing to work to discover how she could reach the unobtainable fruit. Stubborn horse.
Kathryn climbed over the fence and approached her. The mare turned at her approach, not bothering to say a word as she grabbed the bridle and began to lead her over to the gate. Kathryn took a few steps, dropped the bridle and turned back toward the tree. She stood looking up at the tree, trying to decide whether it would be best just to climb it or if she should try banging on it to make it drop any loose fruit. She decided to try banging on the trunk, perhaps showing the mare how to get the fruit down herself. 
She backed up a few steps, and then ran toward the tree with her shoulder braced for impact. Kathryn hit the tree hard enough to bruise herself and make several round pieces of fruit fall to the ground. The mare just stood there, making no move to retrieve the fruit. Meanwhile, the other horses were walking their way, hoping for an afternoon treat. Kathryn picked up two apple-like pieces of fruit, offering one to the mare. The mare chose to ignore her and refused to take it. She shrugged, pocketed one and began eating the other while she grabbed the mare's bridle and led her toward the gate. Her mouth puckered at the tartness, but she refused to show weakness and continued chewing.
After going into the stall, Kathryn finished her fruit and grabbed a grooming brush. She stepped into the stall and began grooming the mare in silence, as was their norm these days. Swollen bug bites lined the mare’s shoulder and Kathryn knew they were causing her some irritation. 
"Na’zent’in. Ma’eneikai fa’ehw pen’af." The bites faded and Kathryn knew the mare wouldn’t have to worry about the bugs bothering her anymore. Only a little more grooming left and she could get back to her room and get ready for drill.
The Man spoke to the human grooming me as if I wasn’t even there. They said my mother and sister died in a barn fire. 
Kathryn forced herself to continue grooming and listened in silence. 
My mother was partially blind on one side. When the Man had tried to take her from her stall that night, sneaking up on her from her blind side, she had startled and kicked his lamp from his hands. His pride bruised, he closed and locked the barn doors, trapping my mother and sister inside with the flames. 
By the time the owners knew the barn was on fire, all of the horses inside had perished. The human grooming me, instead of berating the man for his cruelty, actually laughed along with him and agreed that the horse should have come along quietly and had gotten what she deserved. I bucked and bit, driving the groom and the man from my stall. Since then, I’ve seen no reason to trust human males. I’ve always seen kindness from the females, so I couldn’t seem to group them in the same hated category. 
The mare stood silently, letting the horror of her tale sink into Kathryn's mind. Kathryn didn’t know what to say to her. She knew people were mean, on Earth as well as this world. Kathryn placed her hand upon the mare’s neck. Some humans, not just males, are cruel. Just because some people are evil doesn’t mean all of them are. I know it’s going to be hard for you to trust anyone after what you went through, but you have to trust someone. Will you let me try to prove you can still trust some of us?
The mare stood still, absorbing her words. Kathryn continued to groom her, giving her time to make a decision. I would like to try. I remember what it was like before the man came. The humans loved to ride me and I pranced with them upon my back, showing them off while their friends commented on what a beautiful horse I was. The children would take me to the market to help them carry their fruit home, offering me at least one for my trouble. I’d like to feel that way again, like to feel that I have a purpose in this world. 
Kathryn finished grooming her and sat on an overturned bucket. I think the best way to begin our relationship is to introduce ourselves. My name is Kathryn. She waited, hoping the mare would trust her enough to offer a name. The mare turned her body around until she was facing Kathryn. Looking at her for a full minute, the mare looked away as if embarrassed.
I don’t have a name. My mother never told me it, and the humans didn’t either. All of the other horses had beautiful names, but nobody ever cared enough to give me one, not even the children. They just called me "horse."
Perhaps they couldn’t think of a name worthy of you, Kathryn suggested in an attempt to comfort her. Would you mind if I gave you a name? It would have to be one worthy of your beauty and intelligence. 
You would give me a name? 
Yes, but I need to think about it for a day or two. She had drill in less than ten minutes. I have to go now. I’ll be back tomorrow. I’ve spoken to another groom and she’ll feed you in the afternoons. I’m sorry, but I have so many things I have to do. She felt guilty passing the feeding off to someone else, but she had to continue her meetings with Sir Lanclor in the library. They had agreed to meet during lunch three weeks from now so they could save time by reading and eating at the same time.
I understand that you cannot spend every hour of your life with me. I see what you winged ones do from the pasture. You don’t just sit around like the humans from the other stable. You actually perform mock battles to prepare for the Black Ones’ attacks. I know about the Black Ones. They killed my father when I was young. I’ll see you tomorrow, Kathryn.
Kathryn stood and stroked the mare’s muzzle, feeling like she had finally made some progress. She turned to leave the stall then remembered the fruit. Extending it to the mare, Kathryn viewed it as a peace offering and a celebration of their conversation. The mare took it gently, a look of delight in her eyes. Kathryn left her stall and walked down the row of stalls, smiling at the sound of her munching. 
Kathryn arrived at drill just before Sir Lanclor announced that he was taking over Hook’s job for the next several weeks. He was going to teach them about mounted warfare and had extended their drill from two hours to four to allow them more time to work with both their mounts and ground-to-air exercises. 
While some of the knights quietly groaned, she could imagine behind his helmet, Hal’s smile grew larger. He had grown up around horses and longed to try mounted warfare to see if he was as good with a sword mounted as on foot. For the first few days, they would learn strategy. After that, they were to select their mounts and care for them alongside the grooms. 
Kathryn only had three days to convince the white mare to work with her during the mounted training. She had a feeling that the mare would relish the idea of being a knight’s mount having the opportunity to avenge her father’s death and hunting down the Daemons, ready to protect her fellow horses from harm. Kathryn smiled as the perfect name for her came to mind. 
The next day, Kathryn entered her stall to find her waiting patiently. Normally, she would already be out in the pasture to allow Kathryn to muck out her stall. Kathryn greeted her with a gentle caress on her nose. The mare leaned into Kathryn's touch, closing her eyes in enjoyment. 
The word around the stables is you're doing mounted warfare training. The mare opened her eyes and looked at Kathryn.
So much for broaching the subject while filling her up with fruit. Yes, we’re going to be learning mounted warfare. Kathryn tilted her head, waiting in silence for her expected reply of "not a chance in hell." 
I could be your mount, if you so desire. It would be a welcome change from my monotonous days of eating in the pasture and growing fat in my stall. 
I was hoping you would honor me by being my mount. I’m glad you’re willing to work with me. I must warn you, I’ve only ridden a few times. I would never intentionally harm you with bad riding technique, but there are some things I may do out of ignorance.
I’ve taught many children how to ride. The difference with you is I won’t feel guilty if I throw you when you do something offensive. The mare snorted.
Kathryn smiled. I think I’ve come up with a name for you. I couldn’t help but think of you hunting down the Daemons with me to avenge your father’s death. On my world, in Greek mythology, there was a Goddess of the Hunt called Artemis. I think Artemis would suit you. She was not only fierce, but beautiful as well. 
Artemis? Named after a goddess? I wouldn’t have anything less. Kathryn, would you ride me today? Nobody's ridden me in so long I ache for the companionship, as much as I hate to admit it. 
They spent the rest of her lunch hour going around the practice ring, both getting used to each other. It was almost like a dream, mounted atop a beautiful horse with the world melting away as she concentrated on nothing but Artemis and the wind in her hair. 
For the next several weeks, basic training, weapons drill, mounted warfare, sessions with Lord Alextor and meetings with Sir Lanclor in the library filled Kathryn's schedule. She made time every day to ride with Artemis. It was a welcome addition to her day and made her look even more forward to day’s end. 
Chapter 24

With the increase in drills, Sir Lanclor and Kathryn worked out a routine to continue their search without taking time away from training. They had moved their meeting time to lunchtime and ate together in the library. 
Kathryn smiled when she remembered Sir Lanclor insisting that she have the same meal as he did so he wouldn't feel guilty when she ate the Meal Room food. He had his own personal cook, who she had to admit far surpassed those of the Meal Room. 
They were so used to working with each other at that point that he cast the level 1 ice spell upon the water pitcher without arguing with her about it. They had a discussion during their second meal together about how water tasted so much better when it was cold. He had admitted that he was so used to drinking it warm that he had never thought of trying it any other way. 
As Sir Lanclor speared his chicken pieces smothered in vegetable sauce, he suddenly dropped his fork and pointed at a spell in his book—Lost Spells: Book 10. "Listen to this. The Conceal Spell: This spell bends the light around the caster, rendering him visually undetectable to those around him. This spell can be expanded like a shield spell to surround those around the caster."
"An invisibility spell? That would be handy." That is, as long as some guy didn't decide to use it to go into a woman's bedroom or something. She wondered if Sir Lanclor was the type to use it in that way. Kathryn heard rumors that Sir Lanclor was over forty cycles old. She assumed a cycle was the same as a year, but she couldn't imagine a forty-year-old man behind his imposing black armor, so perhaps it was less than a year. 
"It would be useful, in the right hands. I worry that someone would try to use it to harm Lord Alextor. I don't know if I could risk having it become common knowledge." He looked at her, his tone asking that she not mention it to anyone.
"I agree, but it wouldn't hurt for a select few to know it in case we need it."
He sighed, but nodded. "You're right. I’d definitely like to have it in the battlefield." He added it to their list, and then continued to scan the book while he finished his lunch.
She turned the page, pausing to scoop up the last of her chicken. Before her fork was halfway to her mouth, her vision blurred to a new Sight. 
Sir Lanclor strode toward her with his black armor blending with the darkness of the night, his helmet less head concealed in the shadows. He was alone in the night as he drew his sword and knelt before her. There was some type of moving blackness between them and a low wall that contained it. Water? He placed the tip of his sword on the ground and placed his hands upon the top of the pommel. He began quietly to speak to her, but she could only hear some of the words. "...sacrificed...peace...was the cost?... corruption...sadness...unbearable...go on...hope." 
When her eyes refocused on her surroundings, Sir Lanclor looked at her curiously. "Is everything all right?"
She couldn't think of anything to say. In the Sight, he had sounded so sad, but toward the end, his voice had firmed with confidence. She felt that this was one Sight she shouldn't share with him. He might treat her differently if he thought he would someday need to kneel before her. It was just too weird. 
"I'm fine. I was just lost in thought is all." 
She thought he could tell she was lying, but chose to respect her privacy. 
"Maybe we should finish a little early today. We both could use a break from this." He rose from his seat and started to gather the lunch dishes. 
She gathered the books and replaced them on their shelves. The invisibility spell was a good find today, but wasn’t something that would turn the tides. She thought they were both frustrated. There was no order to the Lost Spell books in terms of where the more powerful spells were located. A level 75 ice spell came right before a level 20 Wind spell. It seemed like the entire search would take forever. Perhaps it was a good time to leave early.
As they both pushed in their chairs, Sir Lanclor dropped the tray of dishes and flew backward to crash against one of the sturdy bookshelves. Something held him in the air. His feet didn't touch the ground as he clawed at the unseen hands squeezing his neck. She felt a presence similar to that from the throne room all around her, focused completely on Sir Lanclor. 
She recognized the spell from Book 49 called Focusing. It allowed the caster to focus his power on the air around a creature, using it as a weapon. It appeared the Lost Spell books also contained some Forbidden spells, something that disturbed Sir Lanclor as the books had been available to any knight.
Kathryn froze for a few seconds, searching her brain for a useful spell. She cast a level 45 Break spell from Book 50 that would break up any spell for a short time to allow a defender time to bring up a shield. Ma’ke lene’kolar fin’a’alekai nata’lenti’fe. The words of power echoed in her mind. With her lips tight, she concentrated on annihilating the spell killing Sir Lanclor. 
As Sir Lanclor fell to the floor, she ran over to him, casting the highest-level elemental and physical shields she knew, somewhere between levels 90 and 95. Wi’nah f’enk’e’alath eath’nak’inta war’e’slenth shel’an’re melan’ke’toh sel’anthia. Mel’ati falen’tria nal’urenth pa’lamor she’ant’re clu’bena sel’anthia. She felt more spells cast at her shields, but to no effect. The presence retreated, but she tied off her shields anyway, just in case. 
Kneeling over Sir Lanclor and praying he wasn't beyond help, she assessed his condition. Mel’int ent’bel’ak. Bruises lined his throat and the attack had damaged his windpipe. He clutched his chest, each breath filled with a bubbling gurgle. The air barely traveled to his lungs and his blood clogged the passage. He wouldn’t survive long enough for Master Vetera to reach them. Kathryn did the only thing she could. She attempted a healing. 
Lak’oth ent’me’unt. Reading about healing and doing it was not the same. The scent of pine and cinnamon engulfed her before her awareness sank into him and felt his body screaming for air. She let his body's natural healing abilities guide her, accelerating the healing process and repairing his throat. The spell acted as a funnel, channeling her magical energy into him. The bleeding stopped while whatever remained was absorbed back into his body. 
The bruises began to fade from a deep purplish blue, to green, then yellow. The air returned to his lungs and she tried to close off the flow of magic. The funnel held her, turning more into an open dam of a flowing river. Panicking, she closed off her mind from the power and was able to retreat back into her own body. The whole process took only minutes, but she felt as if she’d run a dozen marathons without a break. Like someone cutting the strings of a puppet, she collapsed.
Chapter 25

Lanclor could finally breathe, the air no longer painfully stuck in his throat. He opened his eyes only to see Lady Kathryn fall upon him. Confused, he carefully lifted her off to the side before he remembered all that had happened. He had flown backwards, unable to breathe. Something, someone, strangled him and he remembered it suddenly stopping. 
He reached under his helmet to feel his neck. It was tender, but undamaged. Lady Kathryn must have healed him. Healing was a dangerous gift, one that could kill the user if she didn't know how to control it. It could suck the life right out of the healer and put it into the victim. She was full of surprises.
He reached over to feel her pulse, comforted by its steady rhythm. She must have just passed out. He wasn't going to take any chances. Sitting up, he rolled onto his knees, scooped her into his arms, and stood. The shield spells around them were strong and he decided the threat had passed. The shields would dissipate from the library in a few hours, depending upon what level they were. Lady Kathryn could always return and release them. It was sometimes dangerous to release another knight’s spells, so he chose to leave them as they were. He headed for the infirmary. 
"Lak'oth ar'vat." Master Vetera, prepare a bed in the East Wing. Lady Kathryn has collapsed, but seems to be okay. As he walked out of the library, he paused at the door. "Tul’dir me’tir’fin." The Transport spell moved their notes to a safe place, out of sight.
He had a lengthy walk ahead of him with the infirmary on the opposite side of the building. Lady Kathryn, far from a burden, probably didn’t weigh half as much as the logs he often carried to and from the practice field. It was hard to believe such a small knight could have such a powerful magic ability. She began to stir. He saw the confusion in her eyes as she saw herself passing surroundings and felt the motion of his steps. Embarrassment replaced the concern in her gray eyes.
"Sir Lanclor, your neck...are you...what happened? I remember you lying on the floor, and then healing you, but nothing else." Her voice sounded faint, as if she was half-asleep.
"Do you have any idea of the dangers of untrained healing? Of course not. You just think you can perform any spell without danger to yourself. My mother is a Master Healer and I well know the dangers of untrained healing. You could have killed yourself you know, you ignorant woman!" He kept his voice low, refusing to express his anger by raising it. 
She continued to look at him, her eyes unfocused. Anger entered her eyes and her lips curved down. "I can only learn so much, Sir Lanclor. Maybe I should take some healer training with all of my free time. You know, in between searching through hundreds of spells all week and training to defend Av’lor against Daemons. Oh, yeah, I could probably practice healing while I’m working with Artemis. Reading shouldn’t be too hard from horseback." 
He laughed at the sheer insanity of the situation as he walked down the hallway before the infirmary, carrying an angry woman and arguing with her about her choosing to save his life. She looked at him, waiting for him to respond to her sarcasm. Lanclor stopped before the door to the infirmary and looked down at her. 
"Thank you for saving my life." He knew it was the last thing she expected him to say.
The anger dissolved from her eyes. "You’re welcome, Sir Lanclor."
Lanclor tried to decide how to open the door of the infirmary without dropping Lady Kathryn. Master Vetera opened the door and solved his dilemma. 
"Thank goodness. It took you forever to get here. What happened?" 
As Lanclor explained everything that happened, Master Vetera showed him to a bed in the back room. When Lanclor came to the part about his healing, Master Vetera turned to Lady Kathryn, now lying in the bed, and lectured her about the dangers of healing. Lady Kathryn conveniently chose that time to fall into an exhausted slumber.

A week later, a firm knock sounded upon Lanclor’s door. In the middle of paperwork, he snorted with disgust at the disturbance. 
"Enter!" he roared as he lost his place in the annual supplies report for the fifth time that day. Lady Kathryn walked into the room and almost slammed the door behind her, catching it at the last minute to slow it down. She stood in front of his desk with an air of anger emanating toward him. He could tell she tried to calm herself before she spoke. 
Lanclor was in the mood to argue. "What’s the problem, Lady Kathryn?" He feigned ignorance, trying to start a fight. Nobody had argued with him for a while and sometimes a person just needed to argue with someone. He had ordered Lady Kathryn’s commanding knight to exclude her from a Daemon battle yet again. She was too valuable in her knowledge of the Lost Spells and her Sights. Why should they risk her in battle? Or so Alextor thought. Lanclor had a feeling Lady Kathryn would answer that question for him. 
His tactics worked. She lost her temper. 
"I demand to know why I’ve been excluded from another Daemon battle, Sir. I have surpassed everyone in magic level. I’m the most powerful knight you have right now!" She seemed to rein in her temper. "I must gain battle experience or I won’t be of any use to you."
His anger almost abated as he witnessed her courage. Few people would even consider raising their voices to him, let alone make a demand. If it had come from a male knight, he would have been furious at the insubordination. Coming from Lady Kathryn, he respected her more because of it. 
There were few women in the Knighthood, and of those women, the vast majority were just quiet, hard-working individuals who were glad just to have the opportunity to have made it as far as they had. He didn't think women weren’t capable of being knights; he had just found that not many women wanted to enter the Knighthood. The unique factor here is that no woman, and few men, actually stood up and demanded anything from their superiors if they didn’t agree with orders. They just accepted the orders and continued with their work. 
The sign of a person with leadership abilities was that person’s courage to stand up and question orders that he or she didn’t find logical. Lady Kathryn had worded her demand in a way that asked him what possible advantage her orders could give to the Knighthood. Clever.
"What would you have me do, Lady Kathryn? Risk our only Seer and interpreter of the Lost Spells on the battlefield? You’re of more use to the Knighthood here, learning in safety." He didn’t actually believe those words, but repeated the words of Alextor. Ever since that attack in the throne room, Alextor felt responsible for Lady Kathryn’s safety. Lanclor had tried to convince him that she would object, but Alextor "knew" that she would understand and not make a fuss. He was wrong.
"Learning in safety? If you think this is safety, then you’re an ignorant fool." 
His anger rose at the insult, but her anger surpassed his and she continued. 
"I’ve been attacked within the throne room and that’s one of the most secure rooms in this castle! How can I prevent my Sights from occurring if I simply increase my knowledge and not my experience? I’d be able to cast a spell against one Daemon, but I won’t be experienced enough to prevent the other Daemon from skewering me while I’m doing it! I’m sure this wouldn’t have happened if I were a man," she said this last sentence staring directly into his eyes with anger flaming in hers. 
Her look of accusation nearly drove him over the edge. He stood abruptly from his chair with his left fist clenched while his right hand rested upon his sword hilt as he looked down upon her. How dare she accuse him of being sexist? Would this have happened if she were a man? Would they have blemished a man’s honor just so they could keep a potential weapon alive? His realization struck him like a blow. No, they would have gladly sent that man to the battlefield, although toward the back of the fight, so he could gain the experience to become an even more powerful weapon. 
She stood defiantly in front of his desk, her eyes upraised to his, no sign of fear that he threatened her with his hand upon his sword hilt. However, the power of her physical shield spell was significant—level 15 at least—which made him realize how much she feared him. It shamed him that she feared him at all. Yet, here he was, openly threatening her when she didn’t even wear a sword. Anyone would have felt the same in that situation. How had his anger ever become so powerful it overrode his sense of honor? He removed his hand from his sword, unclenched his other one, and walked around the desk to stand in front of her. She still held her shield spell.
"Lady Kathryn, I apologize for my anger. You’re right and we shouldn’t keep you from the battlefield."
She lowered her shield. "Thank you, Sir Lanclor," she said stiffly with an even stiffer salute and began to turn toward the door.
Without thinking, he reached out and touched her shoulder to halt her turn. "I would never have hurt you, Lady Kathryn." As the words left his lips, he couldn’t believe he had actually said them. He sounded like a sentimental fool!
She looked at him and her eyes softened. "It’s so difficult to judge a man whose face you cannot see, Sir Lanclor. Even though I raised the shield, I think I knew you wouldn’t hurt me. Be safe, Sir Lanclor." She turned to leave and he let her. 
As the door closed behind her, he responded quietly, "be safe, my lady." 

Sir Lanclor watched them ride outside the window of his workroom almost every day. At first, Lady Kathryn had been an incompetent rider. She hadn't sat up straight, her stirrups had been too long, and she hadn't given the mare enough rein. Over two weeks, she had fixed her posture, had learned how to adjust her tack, and now guided the mare around the practice ring with confidence. He thought it was a combination of the mounted warfare drills and the mare’s instructions. 
She broke from her routine just then and decided to try out the track a short distance from the practice ring. Knights used the track to condition the horses for long charges toward the enemy. He was so used to seeing armored and mounted men using the practice ring that he had been taken by surprise when Lady Kathryn had walked the mare out of the stall, mounted, and walked her to the track, unarmored. 
There weren’t any other horses on the track, so there was no danger to horse or rider. She then proceeded to ride the mare around the track, purely for the enjoyment of it based upon the visible smile on her face. They mesmerized him, the way they moved as one—Lady Kathryn’s white wings blending with the white mare, her brown hair flowing behind her like the mare’s tail, perfect synchronization between horse and rider. Beautiful.
A knock upon the door pulled Lanclor away from the window. He returned to his desk and took his seat. "Enter."
The door opened to present Lord Alextor. "Lanclor," he said with a nod, "has there been any luck in the library?" 
Lanclor rose to his feet. "We’ve found a few spells which may help, but nothing that will turn the tides. At least a spell that’s safe enough to use." 
Alextor nodded and then stood in silence. 
"I have a feeling you didn’t just want an update on our progress." 
"I came to talk to you about the other Earthling, Hal. I don’t know anything about him. For a personal reason could you tell me more about him? Is he a good warrior? How are his magic skills? What type of bloodlines does he have?"
"Hal, Milord? Why do you ask?" Lanclor couldn’t help but question his motives. 
"Well, I’m merely interested in a new knight." Alextor took one look at Lanclor’s doubtful stare and gave up. "Nidira. I think she’s taken a real fancy to him. She has no idea, but I have my ways of knowing what goes on and there’s something definitely going on between the two of them. I’d just like to know if it’s something I should put a stop to."
Hal and Nidira? Lanclor never would have suspected. Usually, Lord Alextor’s spies were dependable, so Lanclor just assumed they were correct about this. "Hal is an excellent swordsman. He’s learning faster than any knight I’ve ever known. His magic ability is laughable, but I wouldn’t want to challenge him to armed or unarmed combat. His ability is equivalent to what mine was a few cycles ago and I could still beat every knight back then. He can’t match me, but he’s damn close. In terms of his bloodlines, he’s never talked about them."
"So, he’s that good? When it comes to Nidira, it doesn’t matter who she chooses, but I don’t want her to end up with someone not worthy of her. I want her to choose someone who will take care of her in hard times, someone who is willing to risk everything for her."
"People cannot choose whom they love, Milord. That’s something my father taught me a long time ago and I’ve found it to be the truth. You can tell Nidira not to see Hal, but if she loves him, she’ll defy your orders to see him anyway."
"You’re right." Alextor sighed and remained quiet for several seconds. "On to other matters. I want to send some scouting parties to the outlying villages. There has been some talk about trade stoppages in some areas. I want to make sure the villages are still there."
"I’ll send the scouts out tomorrow evening. That way, they can avoid any Daemon confrontations and more easily spot any cook fires in the villages."
"Very well. Tomorrow evening will be sufficient. Be safe, Sir Lanclor."
"Be safe, Lord Alextor." 
Alextor turned and left Lanclor's workroom without a backwards glance. There was a time when he would have stayed for a drink and a game of khlurs. Those days were long gone, fleeing with the donning of their unique armor and the memories of those they Bore. Some memories were harder than others to overcome. When you had memories of betrayal, it was difficult to remember the true man behind the armor—the man who existed in the present, not the one who existed in the past. 
Lanclor walked back to the window. Lady Kathryn still rode the mare around the track, but at a slower pace. He longed for the days when he could enjoy life as much as she did in that moment. All cares and concerns discarded as the wind flowed through her hair, the speed of her horse causing her heart to race in excitement, not a care in the world as it blurred by. He had to suppress the urge to ready Laktalin and ride beside Lady Kathryn, longing to forget the worries of this endless war. He turned away from the window with regret, seated himself once again behind his desk, and drew up the knight list for scouts to send to the outlying villages.
Chapter 26

Borith had missed his opportunity. Now Lanclor's guard would be up. Lanclor wasn't nearly as powerful as he was, but that Earthling had more than enough to make up for what he lacked. He had to strike when they weren't together or take her out of the picture altogether. That bitch would be dead soon and then he'd have his revenge.
A knock sounded upon his door before his master admitted himself. "You took an unnecessary risk yesterday. Not only did you fail, but you also made her realize she can counter our attacks. I told you not to do anything without my permission. I should kill you for your insubordination," his master's voice was deathly low, dripping with disdain. "You cannot let your personal vendetta get in the way of our goal."
"I’m sorry, master. I just couldn’t resist." The words slid from his mouth with a bitter taste.
"Silence! You’ll learn to control your desires or you’ll regret it. We need to get her out of the picture so we can continue. I feel that she’s a grave threat to all that we stand for. Our salvation is almost in sight. We just need to obtain the Orb from whoever has it, and then we’ll have everything we need to open the Portal and claim Earth. I won’t let some incompetent apprentice ruin everything on a childish whim."
Borith played his part, bowing his head, begging for forgiveness. The Master thought he had the upper hand, but he was sadly mistaken. Borith would let him do all of the work, then claim his rightful place when the Portal opened.

"So, you’ve guaranteed our commission by the Knighthood?" the burly smith asked suspiciously.
Borith remained standing against the wall, an intimidating shadow behind his master.
"Of course, you’re guaranteed the commission. Who else but the Smith’s Guild would be asked to replenish the Knighthood’s weaponry?" Borith’s master said with contempt.
"Excellent. Now, about the information you wanted. I think we found something you might be interested in."
His master didn’t disguise the impatience in his voice. "What is it?"
"We believe we know how the Orb was stolen. One of the Council, Melekir, stole it from the chamber himself. He sold it to another, but we were unable to find out whom. I’m sure if you ask him nice, he’ll tell you all about it. Is that information adequate to settle our arrangement?" The smith swayed from foot to foot.
"Yes, it’s adequate, but be warned. If you’ve created this story like you create your swords, I’ll cut off your hands and make you watch other men make swords for the rest of your short life." 
Borith smiled. He didn’t doubt his master was capable of such a thing.
The blacksmith cowered. "The story is genuine. I don’t lie."
"Very well. Then be on your way and enjoy your new commission."
Chapter 27

"I’ve heard he hasn’t had a girlfriend since he Declared." One of the first-year knights gestured to Sir Lanclor sitting across the room.
The meal hall was half-full and Sir Lanclor sat alone. He rarely ate with the other knights, Kathryn noticed, and when he did, it was always without company. 
"It’s not hard to see why," another first-year responded, "when you’re the Soulbearer of the Betrayer; women aren’t exactly knocking down your door." They chuckled.
Kathryn remained silent. As an outsider, she didn’t understand the reasoning behind the grudge. She didn’t need to make any enemies among the knights.
"They don’t seem to be knocking down your door either. What’s your excuse?" Hal said between a mouthful of bread and fruit.
The knight stiffened. Hal had proven himself on the practice field and none of the first-year knights chose to challenge him by responding. 
"C’mon Kate. The air seems a little stuffy in here." Hal grabbed his tray and Kathryn followed him out of the meal room. "People like that make me sick. They don’t even know Sir Lanclor yet they think they know everything there is to know about him."
"You don’t know him either," Kathryn pointed out after she caught up to his long stride.
"No, I don’t, but I know the type. There was a guy on the force that never really talked much. Carter was a big guy, about a foot taller than I was, and he could outshoot everyone. Some rookie made a snide remark one day within earshot about him being too quiet to have a decent woman. Carter grabbed him by the neck and held him a foot off the ground against a locker until he apologized. 
"I decided to ask Carter about it the next day over a beer and it turns out Carter’s wife of ten years had died from cancer the year before. He just chose not to broadcast it to the entire force." Hal stopped walking and leaned against the hallway wall. "Sir Lanclor reminds me a lot of Carter. He sits at that lunch table by himself because he doesn’t see the point of trying to befriend the others. He knows they’ll judge him and he really doesn’t care if he has their friendship. Respect is what he needs to keep everyone in line and he has plenty of it."
Kathryn leaned against the wall next to him. "Do you miss Earth, Hal?"
Hal stood in silence for a minute. "I miss some of the people and the creature comforts. I feel like I’m making a difference here, though. It’s been a long time since I felt that way back home."
"I know what you mean. I can’t even imagine sitting in a cubicle and staring at a computer all day. What was the point?" Kathryn frowned, pushing away from the wall. "It’s almost time for drill. We should go."

"Elena, what’s a Soulbearer?" Kathryn asked while feeding the mouse some of her leftover meat.
Elena looked up from scrubbing the tub, and then placed the cloth on the floor. Rising, she walked over and sat next to Kathryn on the bed. "The easiest way to explain it is someone who now holds the memories of somebody who died."
"What does ‘declare’ mean?" 
"When a knight Declares, it means he announces himself a bearer of an old knight or mage. There’s a spell to verify the declaration. Once the knight accepts that he’s a Bearer, whatever magic that carries on the memories of the fallen are released into him. The spell of verification is really just so other people can verify those memories exist and he’s telling the truth. The knight is really a Soulbearer the minute he accepts the fact. The memories flood into him, or so I’ve heard."
Jakob.
"Do you personally know a Soulbearer? Is that how you heard about it?"
"Not personally, no." Elena looked down at her hands. "My husband was friends with Sir Lanclor and Lord Alextor before they Declared. They seemed like regular knights to everyone else, but Kris knew there was something different about them. Lord Alextor had other knights following him around by his third cycle. There was something about him that electrified the others with loyalty. He’s a likeable person and very smart. 
"Sir Lanclor on the other hand was inhumanly good with his sword. By his second cycle, he had bested every knight. Kris said he was the nicest guy he had ever met. Sir Lanclor would do anything to help out other knights and always impressed the ladies with his charming smile."
"Sir Lanclor? He doesn’t exactly emanate ‘nice guy’ to me." Kathryn played with the tufts on the mouse’s tail while he chased her finger in circles. The little guy would lick her finger whenever he caught it.
"I wouldn’t have believed it either, but Kris was the most honest man I’ve ever known. When Sir Lanclor and Lord Alextor both Declared during their fourth cycle, everything changed. Kris asked Sir Lanclor about it and Sir Lanclor told him about the day he accepted he was a Soulbearer.
"One night, he sat on his bed and just accepted that the weird things he’d been remembering weren’t his own memories. The memories flooded into him and he saw himself betraying the king. Sir Lanclor associated that with his current life and was afraid he would betray Lord Alextor. After that, he pushed everyone away, especially Lord Alextor. Kris said he rarely saw Sir Lanclor smile after that." Elena stood and walked back over to the tub. 
"I was just thinking, Lanclor reminds me of the name Lancelot from Earth. From the King Arthur legends." Kathryn, petting the mouse, froze. "Lancelot is the Betrayer."
Elena laughed. "Lancelot and King Arthur are legends. The original settlers here were romantics and assigned their names to the knights in an attempt to cope. Lancelot back then, or whatever his real name was, disobeyed an order from the king that cost the lives of an entire village. It was an honest mistake, but it was the first of many. I don’t think he should be blamed for using tactics that worked on Earth but didn’t apply here." 
Elena knelt, picked up the cloth and resumed cleaning the bathtub. "It’s tradition for the Soulbearers to adopt a similar name to the ones they bear and discard their birth name. Anyway, the history doesn’t really matter anymore. I never understood why Sir Lanclor let the memories control his life. It’s not as if he betrayed the king and killed everyone. It was some guy who died centuries ago."
"Does everyone feel the same way as you? If so, what’s the big deal?" It reminded Kathryn of the old stories about blood feuds where medieval families would hold a grudge across generations.
"I’d like to think everyone felt the same way, but there are groups who want to hold Sir Lanclor responsible for everything that’s gone wrong. A crop fails and they’ll find some reason to blame it on him." Elena gathered her things. "I have six other rooms to clean and it’s already past lunch. Be safe, Lady Kathryn." Elena smiled and left before Kathryn could respond.
Chapter 28

Kathryn remembered her conversation with Hal a short while ago before he joined Hook’s squad to investigate Southker village. She’d been furious that Sir Lanclor had excluded her from yet another battle. 
"Hal, I think Sir Lanclor is being a sexist pig, not allowing me to participate in the battle. It’s probably just like the Middle Ages on Earth when men were stupid enough to think they were better than women," she had said this last thing with a grin. A part of her envied Hal’s freedom to participate in the battles, while the other was glad to avoid the violence. 
Lady Kathryn, prepare for battle and report to the main courtyard. Sir Lanclor’s Communication brooked no argument as it interrupted her reverie. 
Kathryn jumped from her desk chair and summoned her armor. Throwing open the door to the balcony, she jumped over the edge and spread her wings. Her heart pounded while she glided down to the courtyard and stood at attention until Derrek ordered her to the rear of his squad, among his Graywing section. Hal was among the Brownwings, but she didn’t have time to Communicate to him before Derrek gave the verbal order to take flight. 
As they flew south, Derrek Communicated the current situation with the village. Their squad would join Hook’s in providing the village with safety until another squad moved the villagers. Hook would have full control over the Graywings and would issue the orders for the patrols of the area. 
Derrek’s squad was the size of two regular Brownwing squads because it contained a significant number of Graywings and healers. They would handle the patrols while Seri’s mounted squad would handle the evacuation of the villagers. Seri’s squad consisted of fifty mounted knights who could take flight if necessary. Her squad specialized in Daemon ground warfare. 
They reached the village as the sun began to dip behind the mountains. It would be a full two hours before night fell. Hook’s squad was in the process of putting the Daemon’s in one pile and the slain villagers in another. If the bodies remained where they were, the orcs in the area would gather there and claim the village land as their own. Removing orcs from an area involved time and patience, neither of which anyone could afford right now. 
The burning of bodies was common practice on Av’lor. Av'lorians believed a person’s soul returned to the Goddess and left the body an empty shell in death. They mourned the death of a loved one, but celebrated their deeds in hopes the Goddess would forgive any sins. Kathryn wasn’t sure if she could have stood to watch her Mom's body burn. Not that it was any easier watching them close the lid of the casket.
After they landed, Hook approached Derrek and clasped arms with him. Hook ordered Hal to return to his squad and he gave a small nod to Kathryn before he jogged over to Lesair. Derrek’s task involved taking the majority of his squad, including all of the Graywings, to patrol the southern region around the village. The healers would remain with Hook to care for his wounded. Patrols rarely went beyond this village, so this would be new territory to cover. The knights would move the villagers within the hour, so their patrol would only cover a small area to ensure a Daemon patrol wasn’t waiting to strike at their backs. 
Derrek's squad departed, wary of any movement below or ahead of them. They flew in the basic patrol pattern, a gradually extending half-circle, and didn’t encounter any Daemons. In their final round, they flew through a mountain pass and into a valley. The valley was familiar, yet Kathryn knew she had never flown over it before. As they completed their short flight of the valley and prepared to depart through the pass on its east side, she separated herself from the squad and hovered. 
Derrek’s squad had continued for a few seconds before they noticed she was no longer with them. Derrek flew back to find out what had caught her attention. She held her position above a swirling red river. 
"Lady Kathryn, what do you see?" Derrek said with concern. 
She gave him a worried glance and hurried toward the squad with Derrek following. Lak'oth ar'vat. We need to get out of here, now, she Communicated to Derrek alone. 
He asked no questions, but ordered them to return to the village without completing the sweep of the area. As they flew through the mountain pass, Daemons rose from the trees in the valley behind them and from the trees in front. Over 100 Daemons surrounded them. Derrek ordered them to hover as they prepared for battle.
The Daemons outnumbered them by more than two to one. When battling Daemons, the first lesson they had learned was always to try to outnumber them. If you didn’t outnumber them, but had several Graywings, then victory was possible. When it came to armored Daemons, if you didn't outnumber them you should flee, no matter your number of Graywings. Armored Daemons were resistant to most spells. All of the Daemons surrounding them wore armor. Derrek noticed this at the same time. Their deaths were imminent.
Form up. Graywings, staggered formation around the inner ring. Protect the Brownwings. May the Goddess preserve us, Derrek Communicated. 
The Daemons closed in and began their attack. Kathryn knew she didn’t stand a chance using her sword, so she sorted through the high-level spells in her head as the Brownwings around her used their swords to fight for their lives. 
The relentless Daemons felled several knights during the initial attack. The knights in the second row took the place of the fallen. With aerial battles, the foe could attack from above and below as well as from the side, but the constant diving or hit and run tactics required for that angle of battle quickly tired the armored Daemons. By attacking from the side, both the Daemons and the knights were able to hover and conserve their energy for swinging their weapons.
She had to inform Sir Lanclor about the valley. There was no time for him to send reinforcements, but the knowledge of the valley’s location couldn’t die with her. She had never tried Communicating at this distance, but she had to try. 
Lak’oth Ar’vat. Lan, can you hear me? 
She began to fear he couldn’t hear her when he responded. Lady Kathryn? I thought you were at the village. What’s wrong?
There’s no time to explain. I found the valley with the red river. It’s south of the village. You’ll need to evacuate the villages in the area. I don’t know if we’re going to make it back. We’re surrounded. As she spoke with Sir Lanclor, she created various shield spells to try to keep some of the Daemons from advancing.
Surrounded? How many? Tell me where you are and I’ll send reinforcements. Sir Lanclor’s voice was urgent, yet calm. 
There are about 100. I don’t think the reinforcements will get here in time. They’re armored. 
He was silent for a moment. Where are you?
We’re about a mile south of the village. I have to concentrate on the battle now. Her shields failed to keep some of the Daemons at bay. She had to figure out how to keep the Daemons from swarming around them. There had to be a spell she could use to penetrate the Daemons’ defenses.
You must try using some of the Lost spells. We’ll not survive this battle unless we can find a way to wipe out half of these Daemons using magic, Derrek Communicated to her with desperation as he swung his sword and defended himself against two armored Daemons. She knew in that instant that she had to cast a high-level spell, or they wouldn’t survive. She risked exhausting herself, but there was no choice. 
After casting several physical shield spells at points in the battle to protect the Brownwings from fatal Daemon blows, she racked her brain trying to figure out the correct high-level spells. If she chose wrong, she would burn herself out for nothing. She saw a Graywing use a fire spell without the desired results. The spell didn’t affect the armored Daemon. Another tried wind while another tried ice. The only spell she could think of was lightning, a dangerous spell if improperly used. 
She didn’t see that they had any choice, as little by little, members of their squad fell to the jagged swords and spears of the Daemons. Perhaps the Daemons’ armor could withstand external elements, but what about an element that could circumvent it? 
She prepared a level 20 lightning spell, searching for the highest concentration of Daemons around them, hoping to take out as many as possible with one blow in case she didn’t have the energy to cast another. Building up the spell in her mind, she pictured the awesome power of the violent electrical storms she had seen numerous times on television. She imagined the raw power ripping through the armor of the Daemons, their hearts exploding with electricity. 
Lir’eth kanen’entilix enal’e’d’akarith falo’entili’ai vel’on. Releasing her spell with desperation, she aimed for the center of the Daemon horde. 
The lightning spell formed around the Daemons, its results unimaginable. As the lightning spell ripped through the Daemon ranks, they halted, screaming inhuman sounds of anguish, beating their wings to remain aloft, but failing as the electricity scorched holes in their wings, while their armor cooked their flesh beneath. The smoke from their burning bodies created a stench that permeated the air, making it difficult to breathe as the southern wind blew it toward the knights. 
The dying Daemons dropped, disappearing into the trees below. She eliminated thirty armored Daemons from the battle, but not without cost. The loss of their comrades enraged the remaining Daemons and they increased their attack. Kathryn flew toward the middle of the squad’s protective ring to recover. Derrek was also in the middle, having taken a sword wound to the chest. Their numbers dwindled, but the determination in his eyes wouldn’t let them give up. 
With the dozens of shield spells she had cast, the lightning spell had taxed her more than she had expected. Kathryn knew she had to eliminate more of the Daemons if they were to have a chance at survival. Derrek cast a quick fire spell upon himself to seal his wound and attempted to stop the bleeding. Other wounded knights around them fought bravely after her lightning spell eliminated so many. 
She moved toward the outer ring. Lir’eth sel’anthia. Mel’ati sel’anthia. After casting a lightning shield and a physical shield spell, she tied them off around the knights. Clearing her mind, she thought of nothing except the essence of lightning. She looked at the scene around her without really seeing it. The Daemons were furious about the demise of the others, attacking with a renewed frenzy. Kathryn built up her second level 20 lightning spell. 
Lir’eth kanen’entilix enal’e’d’akarith falo’entili’ai vel’on. She modified the spell in her mind’s image to spread out instead of concentrating in one area like the first spell. 
The spell spread throughout the Daemon group and jumped to those lingering around them as well. While the results weren’t as severe as the first spell, the Daemons still convulsed and fell from the sky with inhuman cries of agony. Over forty Daemons down with that round. They now only faced thirty, but with their losses, they were still outnumbered. They had started with over fifty knights, but the Daemons had brought their number down to twenty with all but a few of them wounded or exhausted. She didn't know if she had the energy for another high-level lightning spell. 
Ferocious anger rapidly replaced the Daemons' wariness. They seemed to swing their weapons even harder than before. Kathryn's physical shields failed before their frenzied attacks. The knights' only chance would be to somehow push the Daemons back so they could retreat to the village. The knights should have evacuated the villagers by now, so they wouldn’t be in danger. It was possible Hook’s squad remained there, while Seri escorted the villagers back to the castle.
Five more knights had perished before Kathryn's next level 20 lightning spell was ready. She needed to cast it in a circular pattern all around the squad. She knew, spread so thin, the spell would most likely only stun the Daemons instead of killing them, but it would give her squad the opportunity to flee. 
Lir’eth sel’anthia. Lir’eth kanen’entilix enal’e’d’akarith falo’entili’ai vel’on. She released her lightning shield spell around the squad before releasing the lightning spell. As expected, the Daemons were stunned and dipped in the air since they were unable to beat their wings. 
Quickly, everyone fly over them and flee toward the village! Derrek’s Communication echoed in their minds as they all flew over the Daemon line.
The adrenaline rush allowed Kathryn to keep up with the others for a good 300 feet before exhaustion overtook her. The armored Daemons pursued them, but she could no longer flap her wings. Before she fell, Derrek gripped her arm and swung her up to hold her around the waist as he continued to fly as quickly as his chest wound would allow. His wings carrying two, they fell behind the others, getting closer to the Daemons. 
Hook and Seri’s squads swarmed between them and the Daemons. The thirty armored Daemons didn’t stand a chance against fifty angry knights. There were some wounded, but no casualties among the new squads. The knights annihilated the Daemons. 
Hal took Kathryn from Derrek and they flew along the road between the village and the castle. Below, three squads of knights led by Sir Lanclor escorted rows of villagers and wagons to the castle. They halted as the winged squads landed among them. Derrek’s entire squad was among the wounded to be loaded into the available wagons. Kathryn wasn’t the only one carried and placed into the wagon. She lost consciousness shortly thereafter.
Chapter 29

"Sir Lanclor, Derrek had the sense to cast a fire spell upon himself to slow the bleeding. Some of the others weren’t as quick-witted, but we were able to save the rest of his squad," Master Healer Vetera said quietly so as not to wake the sleeping patients around him. Derrek seemed to have heard his comments and roused.
"All of them, Master Vetera? What of Lady Kathryn?" Derrek’s eyes were unfocused, but his voice firmed.
"Lady Kathryn suffered no physical wounds, but she’s suffering from extreme exhaustion. She won’t be back in training for over a week." Vetera sounded annoyed that people would be foolish enough to exhaust themselves. 
Sir Lanclor agreed with him. He had sent Lady Kathryn with Derrek’s squad not expecting any type of battle. He’d been angry about their earlier confrontation and never thought throwing an inexperienced knight in with an advanced squad like Derrek’s would cause such damage. Almost all of Derrek’s squad had died, possibly because Lanclor had given them a rebellious amateur to baby-sit.
"Derrek, I’m not sure what I can say to earn your forgiveness. Lady Kathryn had no battle experience and I just sent her with you into unexplored territory. You shouldn’t have had to baby-sit a green knight in the midst of a battle." Lanclor would have to give him another squad to command. His previous squad was one of the most respected in the Knighthood. The loss of so many Graywings would be a burden, but there were many with great potential. Lanclor would have to rearrange the squads to spread around some of the veterans. 
Derrek’s eyes focused upon him and widened in surprise. "Forgive you for putting Lady Kathryn with my squad? Lady Kathryn is the only reason we’re still alive. She cast high-level lightning spells that killed over seventy armored Daemons! She managed to cast dozens of shield spells as well, which saved us numerous times. Sir Lanclor, she exhausted herself to save us. She baby-sat us more than anything." He shook his head at Lanclor's ignorance, and then his eyes sagged with weariness from his healing.
The Knight-Commander left him to his rest as he exited the Healer quarters. Lady Kathryn had saved Derrek’s squad. Why did he find that so hard to believe? He always expected the worst of people, as that’s usually what he saw. In the past, he’d witnessed knights who were masters in the practice ring quiver in fear on the battlefield, causing the deaths of those around them with their inability to defend their position. Lanclor needed to learn to have more faith in people. 
He walked toward Alextor’s throne room to report on the battle and on the valley Lady Kathryn saw. The throne room guards swung open the door in front of him and announced his presence to Alextor. Lanclor strode down the carpeted path that ended in a large table overseen by a powerful chair upon a small raised dais.
Alextor sat at the table, studying a large map littered with red flags indicating recent Daemon encounters. Lanclor halted in front of the table, standing in respectful silence until Alextor chose to acknowledge his presence. Alextor looked up from his map, his face exhausted, but his eyes alight. 
"Lanclor," he said with a nod. "What do you have to report?"
"Lord Alextor." Lanclor saluted his childhood friend, following the rules of the ridiculous game of politics. "Daemons attacked the village of Southker, nearly killing all of its inhabitants. Hook’s squad saved as many as they could and I ordered Lady Kathryn to join Derrek’s squad to aid Hook with scouting." 
Alextor sharply inhaled. "You sent Lady Kathryn into battle without my permission? Tell me, Lanclor, do you think just because we grew up together you can ignore my commands, not even knowing the reasons behind them?" 
Lanclor could tell he was furious, but Alextor's words only ignited his own anger. "I knew your reasons behind them; I just chose to overlook your dishonor of Lady Kathryn and let her gain the experience she needs to help the Knighthood. Just because you fear for this woman’s safety doesn’t mean you can shield her from her duty."
"Duty? That is your expertise, isn’t it?" The anguish in his voice was a startling change from his previous words of anger. "Is it your duty to alienate all of those around you, those who shared in your happiness, your excitement, your grief?"
Lanclor didn’t know how to respond. This would always hang in the air between them, something that had breached the walls of their friendship that no mason could repair. As much as Alextor respected him, Lanclor was someone Alextor could never afford to trust. The leader of the Knighthood could trust him with his life, but not his friendship. Lanclor wouldn’t let him.
"I’d like to finish my report if that’s okay, Milord?" Alextor nodded in defeat. "Lady Kathryn joined Derrek’s squad and scouted the area south of the village. She believes she found the valley with the red river. Before they could return to the village, they were set upon by over 100 armored Daemons."
"By the Goddess! Over 100 armored. Did they escape?"
"Derrek lost almost all of his squad, but he and Lady Kathryn survived. Apparently, Lady Kathryn cast some high level lightning spells and killed over seventy of the armored Daemons. She exhausted herself, but Master Vetera believes she’ll fully recover in a week or so."
"Over seventy armored Daemons? I didn’t even think that was possible. She’s powerful indeed. I fear for her safety, but we’d be fools not to train such a powerful weapon. I apologize for my anger before. You were right to send her into battle. I just wish you would have talked to me about it first." 
That was the first time Lord Alextor had ever apologized to him in his current role. "With your permission, I’ll now take my leave to arrange the evacuation of the southern villages."
"Permission granted. Just make sure to use at least three squads if there’s that many armored Daemons about down there. I wish Lady Kathryn had already recovered so she could join the evacuation effort. Keep me informed."
"Yes, Milord." Lanclor saluted with his fist to his heart and withdrew from the throne room. 

"What seems to be the problem here?" Guardsman Mikael asked in a no-nonsense tone beside Lanclor. The man he addressed pointed a dagger at an herb vendor. 
"Viscer is charging too much for this herb! My wife has severe burns and this is the only herb that will prevent infection. Viscer’s charging triple its normal price!" Quinas the blacksmith complained, almost in tears. 
"I don’t have a choice," Viscer said in a defeated voice. "The Council seized most of my crop when I couldn’t pay their higher taxes. I’m barely making enough money to feed my children, much less make any profit." He held his hands out to the side and shook his head. 
"Quinas, why don’t you spend your money on a healer instead of herbs?" Lanclor asked the blacksmith, bewildered by him trying to treat the burns instead of having them healed. 
"I tried, but the Council refused to give me a voucher for healing. They said it was the ‘will of the Goddess’ and a healing couldn’t be justified. The healers won’t even try to heal someone without a voucher now, since so many of them were arrested last week," Quinas explained in a disgusted voice. 
"A voucher for healing? Are you kidding? What arrests? Who carried them out?" Mikael said.
Lanclor knew many people complained about the most recent Council laws, but restricting healing intentionally left people to suffer. Immoral bastards. In the past, there was a short time when the Council had done something similar, but they quickly withdrew it after a small rebellion ensued. The rebellion ended with many lives lost and a truce between the rebel leader and the Council. He prayed they’d not see history repeat itself. 
"No, I’d never joke about this type of thing. I don’t understand what you mean about the arrests. The Royal Guard took care of them, who else? The Council arrested seven healers from the West District last week for charges of healing without Council permission. They penalized their families with fines. If they couldn’t pay, then the Royal Guard seized either their livestock or portions of their crop and delivered them to the Council for distribution." 
Mikael shook his head. "That can’t be right. The Royal Guard wouldn’t—" 
"No, he's telling the truth. I was there when it happened," Viscer said calmly. "They were Royal Guardsmen, complete with armor, swords and the crests of your order. They did have red armbands, now that I think about it. Does that mean anything to you?" 
Lanclor had never heard of any additional display of rank among the Royal Guard beyond the traditional armor and sword. Something was wrong here. 
Mikael seemed just as puzzled. "I’ll have to discuss this with Guard-Commander Warren. In the meantime, we need to come up with a compromise between the two of you." He looked at Viscer. "Is there some type of smith work you need that Quinas can provide to reduce the price of the herb?" 
"My horse has needed new shoes for months now. If he’ll do that for me, I’ll provide him with the herb free. He can have it up front so his wife doesn't have to suffer in the meantime." 
"Quinas, is that acceptable for you?" 
"Yes, I guess that's about right. If I remember your horse, he's easy to work with and I wouldn't have to add any type of extra safety charge. I never thought to barter my trade," Quinas said sheepishly. "I'm sorry for threatening you, Viscer." 
"It's fine, Quinas. I'm just glad Guardsman Mikael and Sir Lanclor came along. I thank you for saving my hide," Viscer said, avoiding eye contact with Lanclor. 
Viscer surely wouldn’t have been the victor in the fight with the burly blacksmith. "Just remember, we're all dealing with hard times. Compromising is the only way we're going to get through this without bloodshed." Mikael nodded to them both, and then they took their leave.
They entered Knight-Commander Warren's workroom hours later to find out about the Royal Guardsmen with the red armbands responsible for the arrest of the healers. 
"Sir, I was hoping you could help me get to the bottom of a mystery. I've been told there are Royal Guardsmen with red arm bands arresting healers and enforcing some voucher law made by the Council." Mikael crossed his arms and glared at the commander.
"Yes, I can help you, although I’m not happy about it at all. As you know, the Guard is responsible for enforcing the laws of Av'lor and the Council creates those laws. We found the tortured bodies of several Councilmen a few weeks ago. A survivor said the group responsible asked about an orb and tortured the others when they couldn’t tell them about it."
Lanclor stiffened with the news. Someone searched for the orb and thought the Council had it. Why would they want to open the portal? Surely, one of the members had given up its location. Torture worked to loosen tongues.
"The Council hasn't made any new laws in the past decade or so, but now they've decided to start so they can protect themselves. They’ve implemented a whole bunch of new laws regarding magic restrictions. They requested an elite squad of Guardsmen to enforce these laws and I've had no choice but to comply. These Guards answer directly to the Council."
"I don't understand how you can force Guardsmen to enforce these ridiculous laws. I just spoke—" 
"No, I'm not forcing Guardsmen to do anything! All the members of this squad are volunteers. I fear the Council has approached them on their own and offered them something to volunteer, but I can't prove anything." 
"This just isn't right. You know it isn't right!" Mikael leaned on the desk toward the Guard-Commander.
"Easy, Mikael, be careful. The Council is responsible for our funding. We’re restricted to following the laws that they create for the good of the people. I'm not sure how this is good for the people, but I have to follow orders until someone legally contests the laws. You know me better than to think I would willingly do something that I don't think is morally right." 
Lanclor placed a restraining hand upon Mikael’s shoulder.
"I—yes, Sir, you're right. I spoke out of anger for the situation, not at you. With your permission, I’ll now take my leave." Mikael looked down, his shoulder stiffening.
The Guard-Commander granted it and Mikael left the room, leaving Lanclor behind to face Warren’s defeated look. Lanclor cleared his throat. "You know, I don’t think he’s going to remain under your control for very long."
Warren sighed. "I know. He’s better than this. I can feel his disappointment that we now stand for laws he doesn’t believe in. If I had the option of stepping down, I would, but you know how things are."
"Yes. I do. The responsibility of a commander is like no other." 

"Please, she will die without healing! Please, I'm begging you, give me a voucher!" The man knelt in the dirt in front of the Council Hall. The passersby avoided looking at his misery, all too used to seeing this display of emotion over a healing voucher rejection. 
"I'm sorry. The Council has made its decision. It’s the will of the Goddess that your daughter will die. I'm only a Council guard. I must make sure you’re on your way or I’ll have to call the Royal Guard," the Council guard said. He was simply doing his job. 
"No, they must reconsider! I won’t leave until they—" The man rose to his feet and began raising his voice. 
Guardsman Mikael interceded while Lanclor hung back, shocked at the Council's apathy. "Sir, please come with me. I’ll need to hear what happened to your daughter and make a report." Mikael grabbed the man's arm and he came along without a fight. The defeat in his eyes was heartbreaking. Lanclor joined Mikael as he guided the man into an alley, well away from the eyes and ears of the busy throng. "Now, tell me what happened. Maybe I can help." 
The hope rekindled in his eyes and he explained. "My daughter was helping me bring in our herd. Something spooked them and they ended up trampling her after she fell from her horse. She has internal bleeding and her only hope is a healer. It's all my fault. I should have just let her play instead of making her help me with the chores. I only wanted to teach her responsibility." He sobbed and it took Mikael several minutes to quiet him. 
"You only need a voucher for a registered healer, right?" Mikael asked him in a quiet voice. 
"Registered? What other type is there?" The man narrowed his eyes. 
"I know a number of people who dabble in healing, but who are not registered healers. You’d be going to them at your own risk in terms of them being able to help you, but you would also not be breaking the law. A friend of mine leads a mercenary company. He has a man in his squad with a promising gift for healing." 
Mercenaries. Lanclor hated mercenaries. A bunch of filth fighting for money. 
Mikael handed the man a piece of paper. "Go to this address and ask to see Drewton. Explain the situation and tell him a Guardsman gave you his name. He’ll help you." Mikael nodded in farewell and the man hurried from the alley. 
Lanclor shook his head in disgust. "You sent that man to a mercenary for help? His daughter will be dead by the time he raises enough money." 
Mikael glared at him. "Drewton is a good man. We ran into each other many cycles ago while chasing the same man. In the end, Drewton ended up saving my life and I returned the favor a few cycles later."
Lanclor snorted, but remained quiet.
"Drewton's a Royal Guardsman stuck in the mercenary company. Don't judge someone before you even know him." Mikael turned and left the alley, leaving Lanclor standing slack-jawed behind. 
Lanclor gathered himself and stepped from the alley just in time to see Mikael walk into a tavern across the street. He joined him a short while later and sat down at a battered table in the corner with his back to the wall. It was the same as the other five taverns they'd visited that day. 
Mikael began to let it slip in a casual conversation in various pubs about the "legal loophole" of the healing vouchers. He would innocently incorporate it into a conversation, and the ears surrounding his table would pick it up. 
For a while, Lanclor was sure Mikael had saved many of peoples’ lives as they flocked to various healers not of the Healer's Guild. After a short while, the word must have reached the Council and they closed the loophole. Now, the Council regulated all healing magic. This didn’t include the Knighthood as they were outside the realm of the Council laws. Lanclor dropped a few names to Mikael who let everyone know there were many knight healers who were willing to provide this service if properly approached. 
To deny healing was against the Goddess. Lanclor didn't care how they tried to justify it. He longed to expose the corruption of the Council, but he didn’t have the time or any idea of the method. The Daemons grew more aggressive, the number of Changed men was increasing, and as he tried to investigate the rising murders, his patience failed. 
Mikael complained he no longer found comfort in his fellow Guardsmen as they discussed petty thefts and magic voucher violations. What Mikael had seen went so far beyond the normal crimes seen by Guardsmen every day; Lanclor suspected he was starting to view himself as an outsider.
Lanclor assumed he'd get a new knight before the cycle was out.

"Mikael, I think it's time for you to take some time off," Guard-Commander Warren said in a concerned voice. "I hate to say it, but you've been working too hard trying to link these Changed men with the black quills in the Daemons. There probably is no connection. We may just have another ally out there who wants to remain anonymous. I can't see anything wrong with killing Daemons."
"Maybe you're right." 
Mikael's frustration had started to affect his work. Lanclor had spoken to Warren earlier in the week and found out Mikael had snapped at his fellow Guardsmen. 
"Maybe I should take Jenna to Filippe's so she can meet her cousins," Mikael said. "I haven't seen them in over two cycles. With your permission, I'd like to leave for a couple of days and take a break."
"That's an excellent idea. Your brother could probably use the company. I don't know why he insists on living out in the middle of nowhere with only his girls." Warren shook his head. "I suppose he couldn’t bear leaving the cabin he built for his wife, the Goddess keep her. Give him my best."
"I will, sir. Would you mind if I brought him some extra blankets from storage? You can take it out of my pay next month. I fear a cold winter is approaching." 
Lanclor remembered how cold it was in the mountains. Mikael and he used to visit with Filippe all of the time when Marrilynn was alive. Even after Elcara had passed away, Marrilynn still liked to visit with her nieces. "If you don’t mind, I’ll tag along as well. I need some time away."
"That's fine, Sir Lanclor. Mikael, there are some nicer quality blankets toward the back if you feel like digging through the shelves. We just had them come in from the Guild. I’ll see you in a better mood upon your return, I hope." 
"Yes, sir. Thank you for bringing my current behavior to my attention. I’m sometimes blind to it when I get caught up in an investigation." 
The truth was sometimes hard to take. Lanclor had learned a long time ago that many people lash out irrationally when you tried to tell them something they had done wrong. He vowed he would keep an open mind and pay attention if someone tried to help him. Anger never helped anyone, but it was so hard to let go.

The next morning, Jenna, Mikael, Lanclor and the dog were only a short distance from Filippe's house when they heard it. Silence. No birds chirping, no animal noises from the dense forest, no children playing. The lack of noise disturbed them more than if the clash of steel from a battle were ahead. Something was wrong.
Jenna sensed something out of the ordinary as well and seemed to shrink inward. "What's wrong, Mikael?"
"I don't know. Just hold tight in case we need to leave in a hurry." Mikael cautiously guided his horse toward his brother's house and Lanclor moved his horse up alongside, drawing his sword from its sheath. The house was just over the rise in a small valley. He never would have seen the body if it wasn't for the black quills sticking above the grass. 
"Mikael." Lanclor gestured with his chin. Lanclor's first thought was that a Daemon had attacked the cabin and their unknown allies attacked it. 
"Stay here, Jenna." Jenna rode in front of Mikael, her small hand white-knuckled in the horse's mane. "Sir Lanclor and I will go on ahead. If I tell you to run, you pull Lightfoot right around and make him run back to town. Understood?" She just nodded with wide eyes as she looked back over her shoulder at him. He handed her the reins and dismounted.
Lanclor dismounted and they approached the body, the dog at their side. Lanclor glanced around, searching for any threat. Only when they were over the body did he allow himself to look down. He saw the remains of Mikael's older brother. What was left of his mouth was open in a silent scream. The quills were from close range, straight into his heart.
"They’re not our allies," Mikael said through clenched teeth.
Mikael hurried back to Jenna and the horse. He mounted and guided the mare in ever-increasing circles around the house, searching for his nieces. Lanclor gave the body one last look then ran to his horse, joining in the search. The light faded and so did their hope of finding them. The dog gave a short bark while snuffling the ground several feet to their left. They hurried over and looked at the ground, fighting to hold back their alarm lest they scare Jenna even more. 
There were dozens of what appeared to be human tracks, but with too many toes on each foot. They were the size of a grown man, but slender, with what looked like pointed claws on each toe. Scattered throughout the barrage of footprints were the tiny footprints of human children. Whoever—whatever—they were, they took the children. 
Chapter 30

As Borith buried the Councilor, he couldn’t help but think of his parents. They had felt cold to the touch as well when I had buried them. During his 24th cycle, a wolf had spooked the oxen pulling his parents’ cart. The bulls had trampled both of them, pulling the machinery after it. He had pleaded with the Council to grant a healer permission to attend them. After careful deliberation, they had decided that the accident was the will of the Goddess and a healer shouldn’t intervene. He had begged and pleaded, but they had adamantly refused and had called their guards to remove him from the chamber. 
He had sat with his parents for two days, striving to prevent any type of infection from settling into their bodies. His father had remained in a deep sleep while his mother had trembled with pain, sometimes moaning for hours on end. Despite his care, his mother had died that afternoon and his father had followed that evening. 
It had taken him all night to dig a single grave big enough for both of them to remain together in death. He had wrapped them in their bed sheets and had struggled for over an hour to slide them into the earth. 
No prayer. 
No goddess or god could exist if this could happen to his religious parents. Never again would he depend upon anyone else to survive.

Borith looked down as he made his report to his master. "The smith was right. Councilor Melekir did take the Orb. He sold it to a knight, but he believed the knight died in one of the battles a few weeks ago. Who knows what happened to it after that."
"Will he be able to tell anyone else his story?"
"No. The Councilor had an unfortunate accident. He seems to have suffered from heart failure. Torture usually does that to elderly people. No one will be the wiser. I took care of the body and left some incriminating evidence at his home so everyone will think he ran off with a young man named Nithen."
"Good. We don’t need anyone else knowing the truth about the Orb. I’m sure it wouldn’t have been left upon the battlefield. Its power would have attracted another knight who I’m sure pocketed it without knowing its value. We should be able to track it eventually. I need to get back now. I shall see you in a few days." 
His master shifted his wings, and then without a backwards glance left the room, leaving him alone with his thoughts. He’s such a fool. He thought he was the only one who had set plans in motion. If luck was with him, Lanclor, Kathryn and Alextor would be nothing but a tragic memory in the next few months. Without them to interfere, he could take Emma and Erica home. They'd be safe on Earth.
Chapter 31

I was worried about you. The Dark One came and told me about your injury, Artemis said as Kathryn entered her stall.
I was in bed for over a week. I’m sorry I missed so many of our rides. The healer put me on light duty today. Would you like to go for a ride? Master Healer Vetera said I could ride as long as I didn’t try any mounted warfare.
Yes, I’d love to go riding. Things are so boring around here without you. As Kathryn saddled Artemis and readied her tack, the mare looked back and said thoughtfully, You know, the Dark One sounded a little guilty when he came by. It’s the only time I’ve seen him since he introduced us. What happened to make him feel guilty enough to let me know you were unavailable?
I assume you’re talking about Sir Lanclor. He sent me on the mission after we had a disagreement. He didn’t realize how many Daemons were down there until they ambushed my squad. I think he feels guilty about throwing me into a situation in unknown territory like that. Sir Lanclor’s a complex man. Half the time I have no idea what he’s thinking.
Ah, so you’re mates then. That explains all of the misunderstandings. I remember when my mother and father—
We’re not mates! I barely even know him, not to mention he’s the Knight-Commander, and I—Kathryn realized that she kept trying to find excuses to explain human relationships to a horse. Oh, never mind. I’m not going to try to explain the intricacies of relationships between bosses and employees. It’s something that’s frowned upon on Earth and I’m sure on this world as well. Let’s just enjoy the day.
Hmm, touchy, aren’t we? You humans are always so stiff. For us, if we want a stallion, we just walk by him when we’re ready for conception and that’s that. I remember this one time, my friend Lanari wanted this big buckskin—
Kathryn wanted nothing more than to place her hands over her ears and drown out what Artemis said. Unfortunately, since the mare's voice was inside her head, she had no choice but to endure the thoroughly detailed story about Artemis' four-legged friends’ sexual exploits.

"I can’t believe Gentorn killed Oliava at the end of that story. Sir Yentin left, thinking she had chosen another over him. What an idiot! Typical of a man to think the woman he loves can be so easily swayed to another’s arms," Kathryn rambled, caught up in her feelings about the latest book Elena had left her. 
"You have to remember, though," Elena pointed out, "Oliava had a fight with him over the selling of the store. She was angry he sold it without consulting her and stormed out of the room. When he later saw her on the battlement with Gentorn hugging her to him, he never realized Gentorn was only holding her upright after he had stabbed her." 
"You’re right, but it still frustrated me." Kathryn smiled and for the first time in months, felt truly rested. "I love the books you bring me. They’re all so different and hard to predict. I think that, and riding with Artemis every evening, has finally helped me sleep easier."
"Well, I think spending time with burly men all day would help me sleep easier. I’m sure my dreams would be very active." Elena looked at her with a mischievous grin. 
"Oh, stop. Burly men. I can’t even see their features under their armor."
"Hmm, if only you could. I know I don’t have any problem imagining their bulging muscles underneath their plate." 
Kathryn laughed along with Elena. "With some of them, it’s almost impossible not to imagine what they look like. Some more than others," she trailed off, a lopsided smile upon her face. "I think your romance books have awakened my womanly desires. Oh, I remember you said you have a husband. How is he?"
Elena's smile disappeared. "I was married once. He was the strongest and most gentle man I’ve ever known. He was in the Royal Guard and would sneak flowers from the High Garden every month. He would always surprise me with one when I was upset." Elena looked down at her book, tracing the edges with her fingers. "When they told me he’d been killed trying to restrain a knight who had gone mad and forced some women to jump through windows, nobody was there to offer me a flower."
"I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you." Kathryn fought back the approaching loneliness. She’d been so busy; she’d successfully tucked it into the back of her mind.
"No, I’m not upset. It was a long time ago and I’ve learned to look back on only the good times. Tell me, have you had your eye on anyone?" She smiled, changing the subject.
"Me? I don’t have time to have my eye on anyone. Besides, there are more important things right now than romance." Staying alive. Keeping everyone else alive.
"That reminds me. The Ball of Remembrance is coming up in a few weeks. We should go together."
"A ball? You mean with dancing and stuff?" Kathryn remembered some of the best times in her life on a dance floor. 
"Yes. Don’t sound so surprised. In the middle of a war, this is one of the few times we can relieve stress. You have to go. There’ll be dancing, singing, drinking and a ton of food. Everyone tends to relax their guard a little, maybe get a little…friendly, if you know what I mean?" Elena’s smile was infectious.
"Wait. They’re not going to be having sex on the dance floor, are they?"
"Kate, men of Av’lor aren’t like that. They’ll at least take us someplace private." Elena’s laugh made Kathryn smile and eventually join in. 
"I think it would be a little awkward. I don’t know what any of the other knights look like beneath their armor. What if I hooked up with someone I work with every day? That would make things a little strained during drill the next day." An officer would be even more awkward. Sir Garrent or Sir Lanclor. Even worse, what if it was Jakara? Knife training would have a whole new meaning.
"Oh, rank is suspended for the one day and it’s pretty anonymous. Everyone’s wings will be the same color. License to party." Elena laughed and started thrusting her hips towards the bathtub with a sponge in one hand and a bottle of cleaner in the other. 
"So, everyone gets together without any identifying rank or wing color and has a big party?" Kathryn had a hard time believing the chain of command flung out the door for even a day.
"Yeah, pretty much."
"Okay, so how do they get rid of rank and wing color?"
"Well, there are spells to temporarily change everyone’s wing color to the grey of a first-cycle. Then we have the option to change our hair and eye color as well. You should do that with your coloring. Probably change your voice a little bit too. Oh, and make sure to keep your birth bane spell updated. We don’t want any little knights running around."
"Birth bane spell? That sounds handy." Beats popping a pill every day.
"You should already have it. It’s the same spell that keeps your menses from flowing every month."
Jackpot! "I demand to have that spell right now!"
The knights having a party. It just didn’t seem right. She couldn’t picture her fellow knights—some so stuffy they took offense if she removed her helmet—letting loose and flirting with each other without any armor at all. If only she had a video camera.

Lord Alextor chose to send three squads of knights to Hopent, hoping its residents were still alive. Kathryn once again flew in Derrek’s squad. Brownwing and Graywing veterans replenished the squad that was now up to its former count of fifty knights. The newcomers treated her with courtesy, most likely because they heard the story of the so-called Red River Battle. 
As they approached Hopent under the cover of twilight, they saw no sign of cook fires. They saw hundreds of dead bodies picked clean of all flesh and muscle. Only the bones remained with occasional tatters of clothing and shoes. They circled above the village, and then hovered over the local barracks—what was left of it. 
Only a black outline remained on the ground of a 300-militia barracks. Fire had consumed it so thoroughly that there was nothing left—no rubble, no charred timbers, nothing. Kathryn hadn’t heard of this type of power in her reading beyond high-level fire spells.
While they scanned the remains of the building, Daemons rose from the trees. Sir Lanclor noticed their approach and ordered everyone into formation, preparing for battle. Sir Lanclor’s squad took the middle position, while he held Derrek’s squad in reserve. Sir Lanclor ordered the third squad, led by Winstern with Kathryn's friend Datera, toward the rear, to flank the Daemons once they were in range.
The Daemons, all drawing their weapons except for the one in the middle of the group, flew toward them. Sir Lanclor ordered the attack and Datera’s squad tried to flank them. The Daemon in the middle, seeing the threat of Datera’s squad, raised its arms, and the Daemons around it cleared a path. A stream of red fire shot from the Daemon’s midriff and consumed Datera’s squad in minutes. Their cries of agony were short as the extreme intensity of the fire killed them within seconds. 
Sir Lanclor ordered a halt. Lady Kathryn, shield spells, now! 
F’enk’e’alath shel’an’re melan’ke’toh sel’anthia. She created her most powerful fire shield just as the Daemon turned its inferno their way. Luckily, the shield held, although she felt the intensity of the fire draining it. The fire from the Daemon ceased before the shield gave way, and Sir Lanclor ordered the advance before the Daemon could recover its strength. 
The Fire Daemon was the first to fall and the surrounding Daemons fell shortly thereafter. Kathryn felt selfish, silently thanking God that Hal hadn’t been in Datera’s squad. Hal had joined Hook to the West for a special assignment.
The Daemon fire had left nothing of Datera’s squad except for clumps of metal and bone. The blow to the Knighthood was significant with the loss of one full squad that day and most of Derrek’s squad during the Red River Battle. The Daemon threat increased, while the knights’ numbers diminished. 
Everyone, fall back to the castle, Sir Lanclor ordered. 
The loss of Hopent and the introduction of this new Daemon weapon darkened Kathryn’s spirits as they returned home. She remembered her time with Datera when she first had joined his group to teach the first level spells. They hadn’t spent much time together after their acceptance into the knighthood, but they would still occasionally talk. Months had gone by without Kathryn saying anything to him, so caught up in her own problems she had never thought to see how he was doing. She never appreciated people until they were gone.

A few days later, Kathryn allowed Hal to drag her to the market with his friend, Lesair. Kathryn couldn’t believe it, as she walked with Hal and Lesair, that the cloaked man looked like he actually thought he was inconspicuous. He pawed through a vendor’s wares, but the spell he used to eavesdrop on their conversation buzzed in her ears. 
While Hal and Lesair’s discussion continued, she went through her mental list of shield spells in case the stranger decided to attack them. Armed with a long sword beneath his cloak, he made no move to draw it as they passed him, only turning so he could keep them in sight. She walked past a shop filled with woodcarvings and smiled. There was an entire section dedicated to mythical animals, or what she used to believe were mythical animals. Unicorns, dragons—or flying dogs as she thought of them—all were real on this world.
"Would you like to buy a carving, dearie?" asked the old woman in charge of the display. 
"How much are they?" Kathryn received about five silvers per week with the Knighthood, a decent wage on this world. Since she never bought anything, she had quite a bit saved up.
"Two silvers apiece. I carved all of them myself. They each have their own unique powers bestowed upon them by a temple priest. I have one you might like better than any of these." She pulled out a winged horse about two inches tall in her gloved hand. A beautiful blue marble-like color with white swirls, its details were so perfect it seemed like it would fly off her hand. "I just finished this one this morning. Do you like it?"
"It’s beautiful. Only two silvers?" 
The old woman nodded. 
"I’ll take it. Thank you."
She thanked Kathryn for the purchase, and then moved to the rear of the shop. Kathryn walked to catch up with Hal and Lesair who had moved on to the next stall. Before she could reach them, the cloaked stranger walked beside her. Her hand instantly went to her sword hilt, but she held off casting her shield spells. 
"I was wondering when you would approach me," she told him to let him know she was aware of his presence before now.
He looked surprised, but quickly recovered. "I would suggest destroying your new purchase as quickly as possible. The poison from the blue paint is fatal if handled enough times. I’m surprised they used it since it’s pretty expensive and hard to come by. I’d like to know how you made such a powerful enemy."
"I’d like to know who you are and why you’re spying on us." 
"My name is Drewton," he hesitated and then continued, "I’m a mercenary. They tried to hire me to take care of you, but I refused. It looks like they were sick of waiting for me to change my mind and hired someone else. I’m intrigued that someone so young and not even of this world would be a danger to them." Hal started to head toward them when he saw her companion. "I have no desire to face your friends right now. Know that I’ll be watching and am no danger to you or your friends. Guard yourself well." He turned and melted into the crowd. 
Kathryn stood speechless, trying to process all that he had said. Without another thought, she tucked the winged horse into her leather pouch. Perhaps she could study it and find out more about her enemy. She’d wear gloves of course.
"Who was that guy?" Hal asked.
"A new friend, I think." 
Chapter 32

"Elena, who’s that?" Kathryn pointed to the large knight with black wavy hair curling just above his penetrating eyes. His chiseled jaw accentuated his muscular body restrained beneath a blue dress shirt and black slacks. They’d only been at the Ball of Remembrance for less than an hour when she saw him make eye contact and head their way.
"No real names. I’m Grace, remember? You don’t want to get involved with him. It’s political suicide."
Kathryn glanced away from him and glared at Elena. "I’m not involved in politics. I’m far from everyone’s dream girl. Besides, how do you even know who he is?"
"It’s a long story. If it’s just for tonight, then go ahead, but if you think you want to move beyond tonight, I don’t know if you can handle it." Elena’s eyebrows furrowed and she looked away. 
Turning back to his approach, Kathryn flashed an uncertain smile. 
"Good afternoon. My name’s Matthis. May I get you a drink?"
"It's nice to meet you, Matthis. I’m Hope and this is Grace." Kathryn gestured to the empty space beside her. "Um, looks like Grace went to get her own." She felt a slight blush color her cheeks. 
"I’m acquainted with Grace. Come, let’s get something to drink and talk." Matthis offered her his arm. 
"Thank you." Kathryn hesitated, took his arm, and then prayed she didn’t embarrass herself. She felt his bicep bulge beneath his shirt. The other men she had dated had nothing on this guy. They usually bulged around the middle and expected her to follow them like a puppy. Matthis walked at a pace that complemented her short stride.
"What would you like?" he asked with his mouth close to her ear after they reached the drink station. The number of conversations going on around them combined with the music of the band sounded like a flock of geese gathering in a field on their way south for the winter. 
"Something fruity and not too strong." She had to speak with her mouth next to his ear as well. He had a faint smell of pine and cinnamon. So familiar, yet she couldn’t place it.
"Two Kalniel nectars please." The server handed each of them a short glass with a pink liquid that deepened to red at the bottom. "I think you’ll like it. It takes a few sips to get used to, and then you’ll be hooked." 
They stood for a while drinking while they watched the dancers. The Kalniel nectar tasted like an Amaretto Sour. Matthis timed it so he finished his drink at the same time as she. He flashed her a smile, looking around the room after they placed the glasses on a passing waiter’s tray. "Do you have a preference on a place to talk?" 
The ballroom was crowded with dancing couples and occupied tables. Many people stood in small groups laughing and drinking, oblivious to the loud conversations around them. Kathryn didn’t want to have a shouted conversation with this man.
"Is there any place a little quieter?" she shouted above the din.
"Follow me. Stay close."
She followed in his wake. He occasionally glanced back to make sure she kept up. The noise receded when they left the ballroom through the drapes of an open window and stepped out onto the large balcony overlooking the trees of the park. A handful of couples were scattered around the balcony and didn’t look up at the new addition.
Matthis continued to the farthest end of the balcony away from the other couples. The sunlight reflected off the small pond nestled within the copse of trees. She hadn’t even known it was there. The chirping of birds was the only sound beyond the soft murmuring of the other couples. They must have spelled the drapes to contain the sound of the ball.
"How’s this spot?" He gestured to the edge of the balcony with an unobscured view of the park between the armory and barracks. 
"Nice. Peaceful. It was pretty loud in there." She took his offered hand and sat with him on the edge of the rail-less balcony. Her fear of heights had withered when she had gotten her wings. If she fell, she could just glide to safety.
"The Ball is always loud. Knights, Guardsmen and servants are equal tonight and all raise their voices to get each other’s attention."
Kathryn studied him out of the corner of her eye as he gazed out upon the landscape. His strong hands gripped his knees as his feet dangled over the edge. He had training scars on almost every knuckle. The width of his chest stretched the seams of his shirt and his pants didn’t hide much of what was underneath. Her cheeks colored and she chastised herself, focusing on the trees and pond.
"What shall we talk about, Hope? The weather? The war? My desire to feel your hair between my fingers?"
His last question took her off guard and she looked at him in surprise. "Um…"
He smiled and placed a gentle hand upon her shoulder. "I wouldn’t force you to do anything, Hope. I’m just probing your intentions. I wouldn’t want you to take advantage of me."
She laughed and shook off his hand. "You think I couldn’t force you to do anything?" Pursing her lips, she felt some annoyance. "So, you think just because I’m short I can’t hold my own?"
"Well…" He held his hand to the top of his head, and then lowered it down to Kathryn’s. Her head came just above his shoulder even while sitting. "Yeah, I’d say barring any type of spell, you couldn’t really force me to do anything."
One night of freedom in the middle of a war. Screw it. If that wasn’t life on the edge, she didn’t know what was. Everyone agreed the rules didn’t apply tonight, so she would follow suit. She needed something—anything—to fill that empty space. 
"Fine, let’s test the theory." Kathryn brought her legs up to her chest and pivoted until she faced the opposite direction. She extended her legs to her left and scooted toward Matthis to her right, with her hands coming to rest upon his shoulders. 
With her wings facing the view of the trees and her chest an inch away from his, she looked up at him and pulled herself up using his shoulders until their eyes were even with each other. He brought both of his arms up around her to keep her from falling backwards. She was close enough to see the flecks of gold in his light brown eyes. 
Licking her lips, she moved her mouth close to his and stopped just short of meeting them. She felt the heat of his body through her blouse and saw the look of desire in his eyes. 
"Am I twisting your arm?" she whispered and felt her lips brush his as they formed the words. 
He leaned his head forward and met her lips with the gentlest kiss she’d ever felt. Her other boyfriends had always kissed her with a forceful passion that left her feeling dominated. She gave in and returned the kiss with the same tenderness, reveling in the unexpected passion she felt stirring inside her. 
She’d never kissed a complete stranger before and it felt exhilarating. Then again, he may not be a stranger at all. Normally so careful, she dismissed her fear of repercussions and lived in the moment. So many months of working beside men she couldn’t have, all protected by the barrier of their armor. Her days were void of physical human contact beyond self-defense and she hadn’t realized how much she longed for intimate contact.
The kiss continued and she felt his tongue gently caress hers, sending chills of pleasure throughout her body. She wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned her chest against his. With a low growl deep in his throat, he pulled her onto his lap and she felt his arousal. Unless she wanted to go all of the way right there on the balcony, she had to stop this or she’d lose control of herself. 
Kathryn pulled away just enough to break the kiss. They were both breathing heavy and she glanced to her right to see if others had noticed their passion. The other couples were focused on themselves and paid them no heed.
"I believe your theory has been proven," he purred in her ear. She turned to face him and was surprised when he lifted her off him and set her beside him in their former position. "If you stayed on my lap, I couldn’t guarantee that we’d be ignored."
Kathryn smiled and looked away in embarrassment. They’d been thinking the same thoughts. His admission emboldened her to move beyond excuses and tell the truth. Facing him, she met his eye and said, "I had to stop or I couldn’t guarantee the same thing." 
His eyes widened in surprise and a smile touched his lips. "You’re an intriguing woman, Hope."
"Thank you, Matthis." 
"Let’s talk about something ordinary so we’re calm enough for the toast in an hour. Everyone has to stay for that and then we can decide how to spend our evening."
She nodded, racking her brain for something ordinary that wouldn’t give away her identity. Her favorite food was chocolate and they didn’t have any here. They sat in silence for some time.
"All right, maybe talking right now isn’t the best thing," he said with a smile. "I can’t think of anything beyond questions that could give away your identity and I’m not sure you feel comfortable doing that. So, how about we dance?"
"I’d love to." Her classmates had always picked on Kathryn throughout high school and college about her passion for ballroom dancing. Everyone else preferred sports or drama, but dancing was the only thing beyond her academics that she did well. Smiling, they rose together and headed back into the ballroom, melting into the hundreds of couples flowing around the dance floor.
The opportunity to tune everything out and focus solely on her dance partner proved the perfect remedy for her stress. She didn’t know the dance steps, but Matthis’ gentle guidance allowed her to catch on after a few bars and she realized the Av’lorian dances resembled classic ballroom with a hint of swing.
She hadn’t smiled this much in years. Occasionally, she gripped Matthis’ shoulders to overcome her dizziness after the spins and he smiled in turn and gripped her tighter. During the few slow songs, he held her the proper distance away while still indicating his desire for her with his eyes and a smoldering smile. Political suicide be damned.
Hours after the toast, Kathryn and Matthis found themselves back out on the balcony watching the shadows of the buildings grow while the sun made its descent behind them. 
"You’re a beautiful dancer," he said in a soft voice. "Most women I’ve danced with tire quickly, but you have the stamina to dance for hours and never lose your grace."
"You dance pretty well yourself. I love dancing. Sorry if I forced you to dance longer than you anticipated. The toast is long over." She looked down, feeling guilty that she had wanted to dance so much. Greg was the only one of her boyfriends who had ever danced with her for more than an hour and she remembered the days that followed with his bickering over his sore feet. She felt Matthis’ hand upon her shoulder and looked up at him. 
"I enjoy dancing. You didn’t force me to do anything. I chose to dance with you for that long and not just to get lucky." He grinned and looked her over with exaggerated movements of his eyes. "Dancing with someone tells me a lot about them."
"Really? Like what?"
"Well, you’ll follow my lead when it suits you, but you stand up for yourself if I push you in a direction you don’t want to go. If you don’t know the dance, you cautiously follow my lead and after a few rounds, you relax. You’re a fast learner."
"I never really thought about it like that. You’re an interesting man, Matthis." Kathryn meant it. He was unlike any man she had ever known. He didn’t use a condescending tone or lather her with insincere praise. 
He removed his hand from her shoulder and gazed out at the trees. She saw his jaw clench. "I’ve not yet heard ‘interesting’ when describing me." 
Fearing she had insulted him, she placed her hand upon his forearm until he looked at her. "I didn’t mean it as an insult. By interesting, I mean you aren’t like other men I’ve known." She struggled to find the right words. "The other men I’ve known were all lacking one big thing. Respect."
"Respect? I’m not sure I follow." His jaw remained clenched.
Kathryn feared she lost him. Maybe she had misjudged him and it was all an act? This entire night could have been one big act to get another notch in his belt. Might as well plow on and find out. 
"We didn’t have to stay for the toast. You didn’t have to dance for that long just because I enjoyed myself. You showed me enough respect to allow me to choose what I wanted to do. Respect enough to allow me the extra hours of dancing. I didn’t have to put your needs above my own tonight, which I can tell you, is very rare for me."
With his jaw relaxed, he brought his hands up to her face and used his thumbs to wipe away the tears she hadn’t realized she had shed. Kathryn, embarrassed by her show of weakness, tried to turn away, but his hands held her face toward his.
"You should never have to put others needs above your own when it comes to relationships. A relationship is a partnership, not a dictatorship. Never forget that." He let go of her face, but she didn’t try to turn away from his gaze. They had just this one night. Elena said he wasn’t someone Kathryn could handle beyond tonight. 
Kathryn’s hand was still upon his forearm and she gave it a gentle squeeze, leaving it there to see how he’d react to the contact. He placed his other hand upon hers and they sat in silence for several minutes looking out over the darkening skyline.
Matthis broke the silence first. "I’m going to retire to a room at the Inn. Would you like to join me?"
Kathryn stared at the first star to appear in the evening sky. At midnight, the spells would fade and their identities would reveal themselves by dawn. They must have read Cinderella too many times. "Yes."
He reached over and lifted her onto his lap with his arms beneath her shoulders, wings and legs. "Hold on."
"What?" 
He grinned and inched closer to the edge of the balcony. 
"No, wait, I thought flying with another in your arms was too risky." She gripped his forearms.
"Relax. Unarmored and as light as you are, I won’t have a problem. Trust me." He waited for her response.
Kathryn looked down then back at Matthis. She put her arms around his neck and gave him a nod. "I trust you."
Her stomach dropped as they fell from the ledge, then her fear receded as she let him carry her over the trees and circle the pond. His flight was effortless and she dismissed her earlier fear. They flew toward the small town cradled between the castle and the outer wall. 
Landing upon the rooftop of the only Inn catering to visiting knights, Matthis set her down and they walked together toward the entrance. He nodded to a man behind the desk just beyond the door and the man tossed him a room key. 
Once inside the room, Kathryn put her hand upon her hip and gave him a knowing smile. "Planned to get lucky with someone tonight, huh?"
He grinned. "I will not deny that I look forward to this day every couple of cycles. I need a room most times."
"Ah, I can see you’re not a very confident man." Kathryn smiled and shook her head. Glancing around the room, she took in the large bed and sparse furnishings. "There’s really only one purpose for this room, isn’t there?" When she turned back, she found Matthis with his hand still upon the doorknob. 
"We can just sit and talk if you’d like. I’ll not force you to do anything you don’t want to do." No smile touched his lips. 
Kathryn saw something in his eyes that made her pause. It wasn’t the expected lust or humor, but a look filled with sadness and anger. It seemed so familiar. She turned away and looked back at the room, trying to gather her thoughts. He must have been playing a part after all. He acted not for her benefit, but his own. The war was not something that could be set-aside for even a day. 
A day is what they had and she wasn’t going to throw it away.
She turned back and Matthis still had his hand upon the door, but a forced smile was upon his face. Kathryn walked over to him and he looked away as his hand twisted the doorknob. Placing her hand upon the door, she held it closed and took his hand away from the doorknob with her other hand.
"The war doesn’t intrude upon our lives today. I’d like to make the most of it." She moved his hand to her side and put both of her arms around his neck, pulling him down to a gentle kiss. Matthis didn’t resist.

Chapter 33

After three hours of unimaginable pleasure, Lanclor lay next to her sleeping form in exhaustion. Midnight was an hour away and he knew he’d have to leave not only to keep his identity from her, but also to spare her the discomfort of thinking he had found out her identity.
His heart ached as he lifted himself from the bed and padded over to his pile of clothes upon the floor. A cycle ago, he would have just pulled them on and walked out the door. Tonight, he turned back to the bed and contemplated crawling back in until morning. It wasn’t just tonight’s events that hooked him; it was the agony of being with her almost every day for the last few months and not being able to touch her.
Just when he thought he knew Lady Kathryn, she did something he didn’t expect. Seeing this other side of her made him desperate to return to the days when his curse wouldn’t have made a difference. A time when he could have taken a wife without fearing society would reject her.
Lanclor turned away and pulled his pants from the pile. He carried the memories of a long-dead knight responsible for the death of hundreds. Shoving his legs into his pants, he cursed the Goddess under his breath. The world would never forget betrayal and he’d never subject Lady Kathryn to the derision he faced.
Grabbing his shirt, he pulled it on and buttoned it with steady hands. He’d just finish getting dressed and leave without looking back. She stirred in her sleep and he had to look her way. Her twitching fingers didn’t alarm him as much as her facial expression.
Her brows furrowed in pain and a small sound of grief escaped her frowning mouth. She awoke not sobbing as he expected, but in silence with a look of loss and despair as the tears streamed from her eyes and rolled sideways down her face to fall upon her pillow.
Dismissing all thoughts of leaving, he crawled into bed behind her and wrapped his arm around her. The top of her wings tickled his chin and she hugged his arm to her chest. 
"Sir Lanclor."
Lanclor stiffened. 
"He died. Again. And I couldn’t do anything to stop it. I keep seeing him die and there’s nothing I can do." Her body started to shake with her sobbing and he held her to him.
He felt elation mix with his despair. She would mourn for him. That meant she felt something. Even if it wasn’t love, she must feel something to feel that much loss at his departure. In a twisted way, her reaction to her persistent Sights of his death made things more bearable. 
Lanclor held her in his arms until her sobs subsided, and then forced himself to get out of the bed and walk over to stand where she could see him. She looked up at him with red eyes and a frown.
"I have to go. It’s almost midnight."
"Midnight? Oh, I forgot." She wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. "I’m sorry you had to see that. Thank you for staying as long as you did. I appreciate it."
"It was truly my pleasure to spend the day with you." Lanclor bent over and gave her one last kiss. He knew it was a mistake, but he didn’t care. "The room is paid for, so you can just fly from the roof when you’re ready. Good night, Kate."
"Good night, Matthis."
He left the room and closed the door behind him before he froze with his hand upon the doorknob. Cursing with the realization that he had used her real name, he walked the short distance to the stairwell and threw open the door. Taking the steps two at a time, he made his way to the roof, and then launched himself into the air. The kiss had distracted him to the point of sloppiness.

"So, Lanclor, any luck at the Ball? Guarenia wouldn’t let me stay past the toast. I saw you dancing from a distance, but couldn’t make out her face." Lord Alextor sat with his legs propped up on Lanclor’s desk, crossed at the ankles. 
"It’s not really any of your business. And get your damn feet off my desk. I don’t want you messing up my reports." Lanclor scowled at him and turned back to the window. 
"Not any of my business?" Lanclor heard the leather squeak of the chair as Alextor rose and approached the window. "Lan, what’s going on? You’ve been distracted all week and you’ve never been quiet about your Ball exploits, at least not with me."
"Just leave it alone, Lord Alextor." Lanclor didn’t glance away from the window.
"Don’t you ‘Lord Alextor’ me, Lan." Alextor grabbed his shoulder and swung him around. "Tell me what’s going on." Alextor looked him in the eye, unwavering.
Lanclor glared at him, but knew Alextor was too stubborn to let it rest. He looked down at Alextor’s hand upon his shoulder. His friend quickly removed it. Lanclor walked over to his desk and sat down, placing his elbows upon the desk and clenching his hands together. "Yes, I had some luck."
"And?"
"And what?"
"Do you know who she was?" Alextor gave him an irritated look.
"Yeah. Someone I should never have gotten involved with."
"She was that bad, huh? You’ll regroup next time, find someone better." 
Lanclor looked away, clenching his jaw. "Yeah." He felt Alextor’s stare boring into the side of his head.
"By the Goddess."
"What?" Lanclor looked up with an innocent expression that didn’t quite meet his eyes.
"You pursued someone you cared for."
"I have no idea what you’re talking about." Lanclor rose from his chair. "I have reports to do. We’ll have to talk later."
"Bullshit. You write those reports for me, so if I don’t care about them right now, you shouldn’t either. Who was it, Lan?" Alextor leaned with both hands upon Lanclor’s desk, glaring at him.
Lanclor gave the window a momentary glance, then returned Alextor’s glare. "It’s not any of your business." He cursed the despair in his voice.
Alextor straightened and walked over to the window. Lanclor cursed under his breath.
"Oh my. She is beautiful. It makes sense now." Alextor turned to face him with a grin.
"What are you talking about? What makes sense?" Lanclor snorted in disgust.
"You two are always bickering like a married couple. That little stunt with the Battle of Southker village. You tried to prove to yourself that she didn’t matter to you and instead you proved how much she did matter to you. You were like a lonely puppy, or an irritated lonely puppy, while she recovered."
"This is ridiculous. I am nothing like a puppy. I think you can just—"
"You’re in love with her."
Lanclor paused. 
"Why don’t you just tell her? By the Goddess, we both know life is short. Tell her how you feel, and then if she feels the same, you’ll actually be happy for a change. You need to do something to get the stick out of your ass."
"Don’t lecture me about sticks, Alextor." Lanclor got right up in Alextor’s face. If not for Alextor’s rank, Lanclor would have swung at him. "It’s time for you to leave."
Alextor didn’t back down. "No. It’s time for you to cut yourself some slack. You didn’t betray anyone. When will you accept that?" Alextor turned and left the room, leaving Lanclor glaring at the air.
He walked over to the window and watched Artemis carry Lady Kathryn around the practice ring. Lavender. Her hair smelled of lavender. Rose-petal soft skin covered the body of the strongest woman he’d ever met. Yet, in that final hour, her weakness showed him nobody was invulnerable.
Chapter 34

Drewton, a Mercenary of the First Order of Av'lor, sat at a table in the private room of his favorite tavern, the Thistle Crown. The scarred table took up most of the room and held the remains of their modest lunch. He downed a cup of ale before turning his attention back to Talein.
"Drewton, what’s your interest in blue root? You know it’s too expensive, and poison is a coward’s weapon of choice. I thought better of you." Talein, one of Drewton’s oldest friends and the second in command of his squad, eyed him skeptically while draining his own mug. 
Drewton's friend, Mikael, sat at the other end of the table and stared into his ale, appearing to ignore the exchange, but Drewton knew he listened intently. He'd joined Drewton yesterday afternoon and had stopped drinking only to sleep. Drewton worried he would do something drastic.
"You know me better than that, Talein," Drewton responded. "I turned down a job last week involving the elimination of a knight. I then trailed her to try to figure out why she was a threat. I found her purchasing a blue figurine and that blue wasn’t makkei juice."
"A knight? Killing knights is despicable. Using blue root is even worse." Talein turned his head to the side and spit upon the floor. "I’ve seen you with that look in your eye before. What are you planning?"
"Planning? Why do you think I’m planning anything?" Drewton smiled and rose from his chair. "You worry too much, old man."
"Old man? You’re older than I am by ten cycles!"
"Yeah, well, you look older! Seriously, I can’t let them kill a knight. We need all the knights we can get or the Daemons will eat us all. I want to track down everyone who ordered blue root. I remember the woman at the stall. All I have to do is look at everyone who ordered it to track her down. I’m sure there aren’t many women for hire for that type of thing."
Talein raised an eyebrow and frowned at Drewton. "What makes you think the woman was the person who ordered it? She could have just been paid to sell it to the knight."
Drewton shook his head. "True, but the way she acted made me think she was having too much pleasure in performing the act. Besides, she wore gloves. If she were just hired to give the knight the figurine, the payer wouldn’t have bothered to tell her what was on it. I want you to ask around and have one of the boys go through the taverns. If they keep their ears open, maybe someone will be bragging about this type of hit. It’s definitely one which would earn them a reputation."
Talein snorted. "Killing a knight is not a reputation any sane man would want. Who in their right mind would even accept the job?"
"You’d be surprised what some people would do for money."

"I should get going now, Drewton. I don’t want to worry Jenna." Mikael was just rising from his chair when a knock sounded upon the door. 
"Enter," Drewton responded, piling the mugs and pitcher onto a tray. "Ah, Pevet, you have news?"
"Yes, Drewton, I have some most interesting news. I went to that tavern on Jint Street, the one with the five trees on the black sign. At first, I thought I had found your guy; he was talking quietly to another about his new contract. He mentioned the word knight, so I immediately used an eavesdropping spell to listen in. It appears there’s more than one contract out there."
"More than one contract? For the same hit?"
"No sir, multiple hits in the Knighthood. I didn’t recognize one of the names, Lady Kathryn, but, sir, they mentioned certain names, names I couldn’t believe were uttered when talking about a hit. There are contracts out there for the deaths of Lord Alextor and Sir Lanclor."
Drewton shook his head and snorted in disgust. "Who would want to kill off the only people who are protecting us from annihilation?" Av’lor’s going insane.
"They didn’t know who their employer was, sir, but they did mention Vikten’s name. I think his squad is acting as the middlemen between the employer and those they hired. You know how he is, no honor whatsoever. He’d kill his own mother if someone paid him a few silvers." Pevet spit over his shoulder to emphasize his distaste.
"We need to do something. Allowing them to kill any knights is irresponsible. Allowing them to kill two Soulbearers is unthinkable. We have to warn the targets. We can’t guarantee we’ll be able to stop the hit in time, so perhaps if they know it’s coming they can protect themselves."
"What do you suggest? We just walk up to the castle, ask to speak to the leader of the Knighthood and the Knight-Commander, and tell them that we were offered the job but declined, but assassins have been hired to kill them?"
Drewton smiled. "That’s an interesting suggestion, Pevet. I think that’s exactly what I’ll do." 
Mikael shook his head at Drewton. "Drewton, you know Sir Lanclor hates mercenaries. Maybe I should go in your place?"
"I’m not going to miss the fun, Mikael. You’re welcome to come along, but I fight my own battles."
"I wouldn’t miss it for the world. Just don’t expect me to protect you when the feathers start flying."

Drewton stood in front of the arsenal of weapons he kept in his private chambers. Mikael leaned against the doorway, tapping his foot while he waited for him to make a decision. 
Drewton sighed and grabbed a sword. "Well, if I’m going to speak to Soulbearers, I need to look like a respectable warrior or they won’t take me seriously." He strapped his long sword to his side. The sword was made of fine blue steel and had been a gift from his father before he had died several cycles ago. His father had spent his life savings on it and Drewton held it close to his heart. It was worth a small fortune now that smith Banwer had passed.
A short while later, they rode to the gates of the castle. "I wish to see Sir Lanclor, the Knight-Commander." 
"Sir Lanclor? What business do you have with him?" The knight at the gate wasn’t as young as expected.
"My business is not to be discussed with anyone but him, Sir Knight. I hope you understand," Drewton said as they dismounted.
"Aye, you’re right. I don’t have the right to question anyone, especially anyone bold enough to demand an audience with Sir Lanclor. I must ask you both to leave all of your arms here at the gate. Not even knights are allowed an audience fully armed. You’re welcome to pick them up on your way out."
"Of course, I expected as much," Drewton said as he unbuckled his sword. "I do ask that you not let them out of your sight. This sword was a death-gift from my father and I treasure it highly."
"I assure you, sir, we’re honorable. No harm will come to your weapons and they’ll be returned to you upon my word." He nodded as they handed over their weapons. "It’s a truly fine piece of work, if I may say so. It looks like Smith Banwer’s work, is it not?"
Drewton smiled. "You have a good eye, knight. My father knew him well and appreciated his work, even though he himself wasn’t trained in its use."
The knight nodded with a sigh. "It was a sad day when Banwer passed to the Goddess. It’ll be ready upon your return. Sir Lanclor’s workroom is within the maze of the High Barracks. I’ll arrange for another knight to escort you." 
"An escort would be most welcome. We don’t intend to stay long and finding our own way would waste time."
A few minutes later, they walked the halls of the High Barracks on their way to see the Knight-Commander. The height of the ceilings was impressive and served to intimidate anyone not of the Knighthood who entered. Drewton had heard many things about Sir Lanclor. The Knight-Commander was supposed to be the most gifted with a sword, including the Royal Guard. His temper was notorious as was his anger at his curse. He was the Soulbearer of the Destructor and while most of the people of Av’lor had chosen to forget the deeds of the man he Bore, the Knight-Commander never forgot and pushed himself relentlessly as if for redemption. Sir Lanclor also hated Mercenaries.
Drewton would have to do everything he could to convince Sir Lanclor he was honorable and that his news was genuine. The knight escorting them stopped by a plain looking door which was partially open. and gestured for them to announce themselves before entering. 
Chapter 35

A knock sounded upon the door. Lanclor glanced up from his work and rose from his seat, appraising the large man in armor looking at him from the doorway. 
"Are you looking for someone, warrior?" 
"Yes, Sir Lanclor. I’m looking for you. I have some news you may be interested in, if I may enter?"
Lanclor rested his hand upon the pommel of his sword. "You may enter. You seem to know who I am, so would you mind introducing yourself so I may know you?"
"Yes, sir. My name is Drewton and I’m a mercenary. This is Royal Guardsman Mikael." Mikael slipped through the door behind him, giving Lanclor a sheepish look. A knight stood just outside the door.
Lanclor’s hand remained on the pommel of his sword as he responded. "You’re a brave man indeed if you seek an audience with me and you’re a mercenary, Drewton. It’s no secret that I have no respect for the men of your Order. I'll deal with you later, Mikael."
Drewton’s shoulders stiffened. "I’m well aware of your feelings for my Order, Sir Lanclor. I come to you with a warning, from one man to another. I’m an honorable man and—"
"Enough. Honorable men don’t fight for money; they fight for a cause. You have no cause but your own greed and I’ll not be a part of it. If you don’t mind, I ask that you leave my workroom and the castle, and do not return. You and your kind are not welcome here. Knight?" Their escort entered the room. "Please escort our guests out of the castle."
"Yes, Sir Lanclor." He placed his hand upon the pommel of his sword as well and gestured for them to move along. Mikael didn't seem surprised at Lanclor’s response.
"You’re an arrogant man, Sir Lanclor. You think only knights have anything worth saying and it will be your downfall." Lanclor frowned at Drewton's glare and the bitterness and anger lacing his words. Mikael made no move to stop his friend’s temper.
"I don’t do well with threats, Mercenary." Lanclor had come around his desk and now faced them, his wings erect letting Drewton know that he disapproved, but he wouldn’t tarnish his honor by drawing his sword upon an unarmed man. 
"Drewton, is that you? What’s going on here?" Lady Kathryn pushed through the doorway and walked into the room to see Drewton and him glaring at each other. Mikael moved closer to get a better look. The hostility floating about the room was significant, but Lanclor wasn't surprised when Kathryn walked between them. 
"You guys look like a bunch of gang members ready to start a war." She crossed her arms and glanced from Drewton to Lanclor, awaiting an explanation.
Lanclor gave in first. "Do you know this man, Lady Kathryn?"
"Yes, Sir Lanclor, I do know this man. He warned me about a poisonous paint used upon a figurine a woman sold to me at the market. I owe him my life. Now, what’s going on here?"
Lanclor had let his pride and temper get the best of him, again. He removed his hand from his sword and his wings returned to a relaxed position. "Drewton, I apologize. I let my prejudice guide me and I’ve acted dishonorably." He offered Drewton his hand as a sign of truce. 
Drewton extended his hand and accepted Sir Lanclor's apology. "There was no dishonor, Sir Lanclor. There has long been a rift between the Mercenaries and the other Orders. I’m working to bridge that gap, but it’s a long and difficult process." He turned to Kathryn. "Lady Kathryn, you have my thanks for your timely entrance." 
Sir Lanclor moved slightly in front of Lady Kathryn in an attempt to shield her from his words. "What news is so important you brave the High Barracks?" 
"Yes, the news. There are hit contracts out for some members of the Knighthood. We’re sure of at least three—one for you, one for Lady Kathryn, and one for Lord Alextor."
"Hit contracts?" Sir Lanclor shook his head. "Why would anyone want to get rid of us? We’re the only defense against the Daemons." Sir Lanclor couldn't hide his surprise.
Kathryn looked thoughtful, but said nothing.
"I asked the same question." Drewton shrugged and shook his head. "I must admit, I was approached about one of these contracts myself, but turned it down. A rich merchant acted as the middleman. He offered me a significant amount of gold crowns if my squad would take care of Lady Kathryn. Naturally, I chose to investigate why anyone would want to harm a knight, much less a female one not even of this world. No offense, Lady Kathryn, but you don’t look like much of a threat to me."
"None taken. Looks can be deceiving, Drewton. Never forget that." Lady Kathryn gave him a grim smile and looked at Lanclor, awaiting his response.
Lanclor smiled beneath his helmet. Looks can definitely be deceiving. "I need to think about this. You may not know, Drewton, but there have already been attempts made on both of our lives. Until this point, we had only thought them directed at Lady Kathryn and me, but if there’s also a contract for Lord Alextor, I need to take extra precautions." 
Lanclor turned to Lady Kathryn. "In the future, Lady Kathryn, I’d appreciate it if you would let me know about any attempts upon your life. I’m responsible for the safety of all knights and you’re much too important to the Knighthood at this time to lose. I’m tempted to provide you with an escort." 
Lady Kathryn sighed. "I’m sorry, Sir Lanclor, I hadn’t thought to notify you about the attempt. If you’ll excuse me, I have other things I have to do. I came up here to let you know, Sir Lanclor, that Sir Garrent requires your presence in the armory." 
"Of course, Lady Kathryn, thank you." She saluted and left the workroom. The other knight, the escort, simply stood there, not knowing what he was supposed to do. Sir Lanclor solved his dilemma. 
"Gensten, please show Drewton and Mikael to the gate to collect their weapons. Notify the gate guards that Drewton and Mikael are welcome to seek me out whenever they please." Sir Lanclor nodded to them. "I thank you for the warning, Drewton. I’ll take the necessary precautions to prevent the contracts from reaching completion. Gensten, nothing mentioned in this room is to be shared with anyone, understood?"
"Yes, Sir Lanclor." Knight Gensten saluted and he guided them away from his workroom.
Lanclor stepped out of his workroom, closed the door behind him and waited for his visitors to round the far corner, out of earshot.
"If anyone hurts her, I'll kill him."

"Sir Lanclor, I’m glad you could take the time out of your busy day to see me," Sir Garrent said in a sarcastic voice as Lanclor strode into the Armory.
"Enough, Garrent. What did you want to see me about?" he said with a touch of anger. He was in fact busy.
"It’s something we should discuss in private. Here, let’s go in the back room. It should be secure from wandering ears." They walked into the back where the vast majority of the Knighthood’s extra weapons were stored. "We have a problem. Pick up a sword from the rack. Any sword." 
Lanclor picked up a sword randomly and held it, waiting for Sir Garrent to direct him. 
"You can’t tell, can you?" Garrent drew his own sword and held it upright, in readiness. "Swing your sword against mine and see what happens."
Lanclor could tell that something was wrong. He confirmed it when the blade of his sword shattered upon impact. "What the hell? What’s going on?"
"My thoughts exactly. I tried selecting some other swords and they’re all like that. If you pay close enough attention, you’ll feel the difference in how they’re balanced. All of the crossbows have partially cut strings. I would never have noticed if I hadn’t been going through the extra weapons we were planning on loaning to the Royal Guard. We’re lucky we gave up on the crossbows, or we would have been facing a Daemon horde with nothing but broken strings and startled knights."
"The Preservation spells should have prevented this from happening. How is this possible?"
Sir Garrent paused a moment and took a deep breath before speaking. "Sir Lanclor, I believe someone is trying to sabotage the Knighthood."
Chapter 36

Kathryn gathered her fruit and bread, looking around the meal room for a place to sit. She usually just followed Hal, but he was in R’kelo again for the week. There were open spots at some of the tables with one table empty, except for one lone knight with black wings.
After the Red River Battle, most of the other knights gave her shy smiles and included her in polite conversation. She wasn’t in the mood for polite conversation. The change in the demeanor of some of the knights—those who were bad-mouthing her less than four months before—made her uncomfortable. 
Kathryn placed her tray on the table and looked down at Sir Lanclor. "Good morning, Sir Lanclor."
"Good morning, Lady Kathryn. To what do I owe the pleasure of your company?" The open mouth flap of his helmet showed his smirk. With the top three quarters of his face hidden behind the other parts of his helmet, he looked like a talking pot with a single slit for his eyes.
"You’re just so charming I couldn’t resist." She sat down next to him and noted a smile replaced his smirk before he looked down at his meal. 
Kathryn was halfway through her meal before she realized the other knights were staring at them and the usual ruckus of the meal room was now a pool of hushed voices. She shook her head and brought the last of her bread to her mouth.
"They’ll be talking about this for months you know," Sir Lanclor said with amusement. "Lady Kathryn, the brave knight who annihilates Daemons and challenges the great Sir Lanclor."
Kathryn snorted. "Don’t flatter yourself. I just saw your table as the lesser of the evils."
Sir Lanclor straightened. "I think you’ll find you chose wrong."
"Oh please. I prefer your blunt honesty to their honey-coated insults any day. The only reason some of them don’t call me an undeserving Earthling anymore is because they now know I can annihilate them with one spell." 
"Fear is a powerful thing." Sir Lanclor closed his mouth flap and gathered his tray.
If everyone feared her, she’d never have anyone. Kathryn piled her utensils upon her tray. "It’s also lonely as hell." She stood up and left the table without a backwards glance. Depositing her tray on the counter next to the trash can, she exited the meal room. 
"Lady Kathryn, wait." She glanced back to see Sir Lanclor hurrying after her. He caught up to her in a few strides and fell in beside her. "That conversation didn’t end like I intended."
"Oh, really? What was your intention?" Kathryn regretted the bitterness in her voice.
Sir Lanclor sighed in frustration. "You surprised me. I usually have time to think before I speak."
"You think before you speak?" Kathryn exaggerated her look of surprise as she glanced his way and his eyebrow turned down in disapproval. She heard him growl deep in his throat before responding. 
"You are the most frustrating woman I’ve ever known." He clenched his fists but remained by her side.
"Thank you. I try." She closed her mouth flap and smiled beneath her helmet.
"Our paths separate here." They stopped at an intersection and he gestured toward his workroom. "I’ll see you in the library this afternoon." He hesitated, and then started walking down the left corridor. 
"Be safe, Sir Lanclor." Kathryn started down the right corridor. 
"Be safe, Lady Kathryn. And Lady Kathryn?"
"Yes?" She turned to meet his gaze.
"Breakfast? Same time tomorrow?"
"Sure." She nodded and watched him turn to continue up the hallway, disappearing around a corner. Frowning, she continued on her way trying to figure out why there was now a spring in her step.

"Good morning, Sir Lanclor." Kathryn placed her tray on the table and sat beside him a week later. The other knights around the table smiled at her and continued their various conversations.
"Good morning, Lady Kathryn." Sir Lanclor smiled and tossed his roll to a knight across the table who then tossed her apple to him. "I heard drill didn’t go so well yesterday. Something about Artemis bolting towards a stallion?" 
The other knights chuckled and then quieted as Kathryn glared at them. In just a week, others had arrived at their table and had grown comfortable enough to engage in conversations with them both. 
"Artemis likes him. She just forgot I was on her back is all." Kathryn missed the protection of her helmet as her cheeks blazed. She no longer saw the purpose of wearing it during meals. Others had adopted her opinion, but some knights around their table preferred anonymity, like Sir Lanclor.
"Well, it’s a good thing she gave you the opportunity to get off of her back before she entertained him." Sir Lanclor tightened his lips in an attempt to suppress his laughter. He failed after only a few seconds and joined everyone around the table except Kathryn.
"Yeah, laugh it up." Kathryn snatched the fruit from Sir Lanclor’s tray. "She’s not getting any of these today." Placing the fruit upon her tray, she hid her smile with a piece of bread.
The laughter died down and everyone continued the meal. She could tell Sir Lanclor was trying not to smirk at her between his bites of cheese. Frowning, she remembered her unease and wiped her mouth with her napkin.
"Sir Lanclor, have you seen Hal this morning?"
Sir Lanclor’s eyes narrowed and he grunted. "Now that you mention it, no. He’s never late for a meal, so I would have expected to see him this morning."
She lowered her voice. "He wasn’t at dinner last night and he’s not in his room either. I’m getting worried. It’s just not like him to miss a meal and I assume he would have paid me a visit after he got back from R’kelo."
"Meet me in my workroom this evening. I’ll speak with Hook and Garrent and see if they know where he is." Sir Lanclor’s voice was low and the other knights didn’t seem to hear him.
Kathryn nodded. "I’ll be there."
Chapter 37

Drewton held his sword at the man's throat. "Vikten, I suggest you start talking and start talking now, before I give you a permanent smile." 
Mikael watched from the doorway, protecting Drewton’s back.
"I have nothing to say to you. Now put your sword away before my men return and I’ll consider forgiving your intrusion. As you can see, I’m in the middle of important business." Vikten gestured toward the two terrified prostitutes crouching in the corner behind the bed. 
Drewton pressed the blade ever so slightly against Vikten's throat and a trickle of blood began to run down his neck. Vikten winced at the cut, but still maintained his look of hatred. "Who hired you to disperse the hit contracts for the knights?"
"All right, just get that damn sword away from me." As he pulled his sword away, Vikten suddenly fell to the floor and started convulsing. Cursing, Drewton wiped his sword, returned it to its sheath, and then reached toward Vikten to try to halt his convulsions. Mikael hastily closed the door and knelt to assist Drewton with Vikten. Before their hands reached him, he had stopped. Vikten's dead eyes stared up at the ceiling as foam and blood trickled from his mouth. The smell of a Death spell emanated from him and Drewton quickly withdrew. He herded the prostitutes out of the room, and then heard the sound of footsteps. 
Drewton pulled Mikael to the wall behind the door. "Lak’oth vin’tes’malor." Drewton cast a Chameleon spell over both of them and they blended with the wall as the door opened to reveal a dozen of Vikten’s mercenaries. "Boss? Boss, what’s wrong?" one voice shouted—the voice of an unintelligent man. 
"Idiot, he’s dead, that’s what’s wrong. He told him not to talk about it. Even talking about it to a prostitute could lead to death. Let that be a lesson to all of you. With Vikten dead, that leaves me in charge since I was his second."
"Bullshit! You may have been his second, but I command the men!"
Before a full-blown brawl erupted, Drewton and Mikael slipped out the door and left the scene. Nobody marked their passage, but they chose to take an indirect route back to Drewton’s barracks. Drewton wasn't sure who the mysterious "he" was, but he had a feeling he would find out eventually. 

"You were definitely in the wrong place at the wrong time."
"You’re telling me." The bloodied knight hung by his wrists with the fine rope cutting into him. "What do you want anyway? I don’t know what you’re talking about. I don’t know anything about an orb." His tormentor backhanded him, making his head hit the wall.
"I know you don’t know anything, but this is just too damn fun. You knights think you’re so high and mighty, but you bleed just like everyone else. Your wings only give me other appendages to cut off."
As the tormentor grabbed his saw off the table, the knight began to struggle against his bonds. The tormentor gestured to his comrade and the man cleared the shadows to stand next to the knight. "Turn him until his back is to me. I’ll give him a reason to scream even louder."
"No, Goddamnit! I don’t know anything! Why are you doing this?" The knight writhed in an attempt to break free.
"Isn’t it obvious? Pleasure, of course," the knight’s tormentor said with relish as he positioned the saw at the base of the knight's right wing. "I wonder if you can still fly with only one wing. By the way, I thought you knights only worshipped the Goddess. No matter." 
Before he could begin sawing, Drewton stuck a foot of blue steel through his throat, while his friend from the shadows had a less elegant blade through his. A third man, hiding in the corner, fell to the teeth of Mikael’s dog. Drewton cringed at the thought of teeth ripping into his throat. Too close to dying at the hands of the Daemons for his taste.
"I’ve never wanted to kill any man as much as him," Mikael said as he cleaned his sword, and then patted the dog’s side.
Drewton cleaned his own blade and nodded. It took all of Drewton’s willpower just to watch as his men got into position. They had received word that Vikten’s former squad had captured a knight. It wasn’t hard to track them to this warehouse on the south edge of town, but it was necessary to secure the area before taking them out. Vikten’s soldiers may have been stupid, but they were still skilled swordsmen.
"Pevet, I need your skills over here. Hurry," Drewton called as he removed the knight's bonds and lowered him to the wooden floor.
"I’m here, sir. Let me see him." Pevet placed his hands upon the knight’s forehead to Assess his condition. "Mel’int ent’bel’ak." Pevet had picked up the healing arts many cycles ago while he had dated a healer. While the relationship hadn’t lasted, he had found he loved healing and had increased his skills as best he could. Having a healer in Drewton’s squad was a lifesaver, literally. "There’s a lot of damage, Drewton. I don’t have the skill to fix him, but I think he’ll make it to the castle without bleeding to death."
"Okay, we’ll have to carry him then, unless he can walk," Drewton said with a tired sigh. It had been a long day and he was a big knight. Drewton hoped the knight would be able to walk to the castle. "Knight, can you make it back to the castle if we help to support your weight?" The knight just looked past him, constantly blinking as he tried to focus through the blood slowly running from his forehead. "Knight, you don’t need to be able to see, just walk. Can you walk?"
"I think so. Help me up and I’ll try."
Drewton and Mikael pulled him to his feet and steadied him as he swayed where he stood. "What’s your name, knight? We’d like to know who we’re rescuing," Drewton said as he looked around at his gathering men.
"Hal. My name is Hal."

The knight named Hal had only made it halfway to the castle before he had collapsed and refused to rise. That left Drewton and Mikael no choice but to carry him the rest of the way. With Drewton’s squad around them, the knights at the castle gate were wary until Drewton moved toward the front and announced himself and whom he carried. The gate opened and the guard sent one of the other knights to fetch a healer. 
The Master Healer, Vetera, appeared a few minutes later and directed them and their charge into the nearest infirmary. Drewton’s men remained outside with their weapons in the hands of the knights to avoid any type of misunderstanding. Drewton and Mikael remained standing for over an hour in Hal’s room, and then were rewarded for their vigilance when the master healer rose and left the room with a tired sigh. 
"Thank you. I don’t know how you knew I was there, but I can’t say how relieved I was to hear that bastard stop talking and start gurgling." Hal's eyes looked haunted. "If there’s anything I can do to repay you—"
"Killing that vermin is all the reward we need. Perhaps a mug of ale will ease our thoughts sometime," Drewton said with a grin. Word of the friendship between a knight, a Guardsman and a mercenary would start a few songs. Not bad for business.
"I remember you," Hal said to Drewton. "You were in the market that day—the day the old woman sold that poisonous figurine to Kate."
Drewton nodded. "Yes, I remember you as well although we haven’t formally met. My name is Drewton, a mercenary. This is Royal Guardsman Mikael. Now that you’re recovered, we must speak with Sir Lanclor about this incident. With your leave?"
Hal nodded with exhaustion. "Be safe, Drewton. Mikael." 
"Be safe, Knight Hal," Drewton and Mikael said in unison.
Chapter 38

"Sir Lanclor, I’m worried. He’s been gone for some time," Lady Kathryn said in a concerned voice.
Lanclor had to agree with her. "I’ll alert the guards at the gates to keep an eye out for him. He’ll probably show up eventually having eaten in town or maybe—" 
A knock sounded upon the open door and he saw Drewton and Mikael standing in the doorway with Mikael’s dog close behind.
"Sir Lanclor? Lady Kathryn? I think you may want to hear about our interesting night," the mercenary said in a steady voice.
"Drewton, Mikael, welcome. Please, come in. Close the door and share your news with us." He rose from his chair and motioned for them to enter.
"Thank you, Sir Lanclor. We received a tip a short while ago about some odd activities going on in the Southern district. It appears another mercenary’s old squad had taken it upon themselves to kidnap a knight."
"Hal! Is he okay?" Lady Kathryn burst out, unable to contain herself after hours of worrying.
"They tortured him, but we were able to reach him in time. We killed the squad and brought Hal to the castle. Master Vetera finished healing him a little while ago. He’s going to be fine, except for mental scarring for quite a while. Torture has a way of changing a man," Drewton spoke as if from experience.
"Do you have any idea why they kidnapped him?" Lanclor asked, trying to figure out a motive, but without success.
"No, sir, we have no idea. We know they’re desperate to fulfill their contracts. Maybe they were using him to get to you. There was one thing. They mentioned an orb, as if they believed Hal might know where it was, whatever it is."
"An orb? That doesn’t make any sense." Why would they think Hal had the Orb? 
"I don’t know, Sir Lanclor. We couldn’t make much sense of it either." Drewton shook his head.
"Did the men use magic at all?" Lady Kathryn asked in a calm voice.
"No, but I believe a Death spell was used on their leader this morning. His men mentioned something about someone warning them not to talk." Mikael responded.
"Where was Hal being held? Mikael, you should alert the Royal Guard about the incident," Sir Lanclor explained. "We’ll send them over to clean the place up and search for any clues about their employer. You should mention you both were responsible for the deaths of the mercenaries during a successful attempt to rescue a knight. Your squad won’t receive a bad reputation from this incident, Drewton."
"Thank you, sir. I will not forget your assistance. The Royal Guard doesn’t always look upon us mercenaries with understanding." Drewton eyed Mikael with a smile.
The dog inched forward between Mikael and Lady Kathryn.
"I have a feeling that will change in the near future," Lanclor responded.
"Oh my God." Kathryn's hand went to her chest.
Lanclor rose with his hand upon the pommel of his sword. He saw her looking at the dog and was about to comfort her fears when the dog suddenly bounded toward her, knocking her off her feet. He rushed forward to wrestle the dog off her, but stopped when he heard her giggling.
Kathryn wrapped her arms around the dog’s neck. He licked her neck and face with an excited whine while his tail wagged in circles. His rear legs teetered with the momentum of his tail.
"All right, Dargo, enough. Sit!" Lady Kathryn croaked in English, pulling her face away from the onslaught. The dog’s rump immediately sank to the floor. 
Mikael looked shocked. "How did you get him to do that? I've been trying to get him to do that since I got him."
"His name's Dargo." Kathryn suddenly glared at Mikael. "He's my dog!"
Lanclor knew that look and interceded before Mikael got hurt.
"Relax you two. Lady Kathryn, I was there when Mikael found the dog in a cave about six months ago. Are you sure this is your 'Dargo?'"
"Well, he's definitely bigger and doesn't seem like a complete coward, but yes, this is my dog…he was a present for my mother. I'd know him anywhere." Lanclor saw the sad look upon her face before she looked away, frowning.
Mikael grimaced. "He has gained a lot of weight and very few people knew how much of a coward he was when I got him. I hate to say it, but given his response to Lady Kathryn, I don't have a claim on him. Jenna will be devastated." Mikael ran his hands through his hair then rubbed the back of his neck. 
Kathryn rubbed his ears while Dargo leaned his head against her. "Who's Jenna?"
"My daughter. She was actually the one who trained him and gave him the self-confidence to become a great guard dog. I've never seen anything like it. In less than a day, she had him sleeping next to her bed and growling at anyone who opened her door."
"Oh." Kathryn's hand just rested upon Dargo's head, no longer rubbing his ears.
"Well, Drewton and I will take our leave now. It was a pleasure to see you Lady Kathryn. Please take care of him." Mikael gestured to Dargo and started to leave the room.
"Wait." Kathryn rose to her feet. "Take him home, so Jenna can say goodbye."
Mikael gave her a thankful smile and Kathryn nodded in understanding.
Chapter 39

A knock sounded upon Borith’s door. "Enter."
"Sir, I’m sorry to disturb you, but we’ve had some unfortunate news about the mercenary company hired to take care of those knights."
"Proceed."
"It appears they took it upon themselves to kidnap another knight. The word is that they tortured him and were asking about an orb. They were discovered by another mercenary company loyal to the knights and have been eliminated."
He stood abruptly, his chair crashing backwards to the floor. "What? The fools! Why would they take the wrong knight and why would they be asking about an orb?" He never mentioned anything about the Orb to them. "Something doesn’t add up here."
"I agree, sir, so I took the liberty of finding out if they had another contract. I believe it was only a coincidence, sir. It appears someone on the Council hired the same mercenary company as you, but told them to find an orb no matter the cost. The fee was double the one you paid them to do the other contract, so that may be why they chose to fulfill the Councilor’s contract first. 
"The mercenary company loyal to the knights is rumored to have warned the three knights in question about the contract on their heads. Since they’ve been warned it will be difficult, if not impossible, to take them out in the near future."
Could this day get any worse? "Good work on this. I don’t like what I’ve heard, but it’s something that I needed to know. Pull all of the contracts back. We’ll lay low for a few months, and then try again. I’ve waited cycles for revenge; a few months longer are of no consequence."
Chapter 40

Lady Kathryn, please wake up. It’s Master healer Vetera. The words took some time to understand through the fog of her dream. Kathryn could feel the exhaustion in Master Vetera’s voice.
Lak’oth ar’vat. Yes, Master Vetera, I’m awake. Her eyes felt gritty as she tried to rub the sleep from them. 
Lady Kathryn, I need your assistance in the infirmary. Daemons attacked two villages and the wounded are flooding into the castle. I’m still exhausted from healing that other village yesterday. I don’t have the power to help these people, but if I can tap into yours, then they may have a chance. 
She didn’t know he could tap into hers, but if she could help save lives, she was willing to let him try. I’ll be there soon, Master Vetera. 
Moving her legs over the side of the bed, she slid to the floor, almost stepping on Dargo. His head popped up with his ears at attention.
"No, Dargo, go back to sleep. I'll be okay." 
He sighed and rested his head back upon the floor.
After dressing in her training outfit, she flung open her balcony door and leapt over the railing. She shivered in the chill air and glided to the opposite side of the courtyard landing before the entrance to the south wing.
Cries of the wounded filled the halls of the infirmary. She opened the door to chaos. Villagers were scattered around the large hall, overflowing the limited beds and lying upon the floor. To Kathryn’s left, three young children were screaming while their mother lay unmoving upon the floor, the front of her tunic black with blood. Kathryn stood in shock, not knowing what to do.
"Lady Kathryn, thank the Goddess!" Master Vetera hurried over to her while wiping the sweat from his brow. He followed her eyes and saw the woman and her children. "She’s a good place to start as any. Come over here with me." He dragged her to the woman, shooing the children to the side so he could assess the woman’s condition. "Mel'int ent'bel'ak. She’s bad, but not beyond help. Now, just relax and let me channel your power. I can only do this if you allow it. Lak'oth lenk'enterun lak'oth."
Kathryn felt a slight pressure in her head, but otherwise no different. Master Vetera laid his hands upon the woman and looked at Kathryn. "Now, imagine yourself opening a small channel of your power to me. We’ll try a little at a time. If at any point you find yourself worried about exhaustion, you simply have to close the channel. Understood?"
"Yes, Master Vetera." Kathryn sighed, trying to imagine a small stream of her power going into Master Vetera. She quickened the flow and saw Master Vetera’s eyes widen in surprise.
"Lady Kathryn, not so much. You’ve filled me up already." He smiled with delight and began healing the woman. The process was faster than Kathryn expected and they were soon moving on to another patient while the children helped their mother to sit up with squeals of delight.
The next patient was a small child with a crushed chest. Master Vetera’s eyes were grave as he looked at Kathryn. "I’m not sure our combined power will be enough for this young one. Even dragon fire would fall short. Should we save our power for the dozens of others with minor wounds or use it for this little boy? Some questions are so hard to answer."
Mel'int ent'bel'ak. Kathryn touched the small child and assessed his condition. His left lung collapsed and his right would surely follow. He had extensive internal bleeding, but she sensed his strong will to survive. "I think we should at least try. I will open my power to you and hold enough in reserve so I don’t exhaust myself."
"Are you sure? Opening yourself like that may make you physically exhausted as well. It’s your choice. Decide now while he’s still breathing."
"Yes, do it." Kathryn opened her mind and exposed all of her power to Master Vetera except for a sufficient reserve to prevent exhaustion.
"Very well. Here goes." Master Vetera gasped as his eyes widened. "Lady Kathryn, there’s so much—"
"I know." So much power and she didn't know where it came from. She knew it was separate from Jakob’s knowledge. What was happening to her?
She spent most of the night and the next morning working with Master Vetera, then spent the rest of the afternoon in bed. Her body’s weakness faded toward evening and she forced herself up to prepare for her knife training. Dargo’s tail thumped once, but he made no indication that he would accompany her. Pulling on his ears, she spoke some nonsense to him, and then bid him farewell.
The torches flickered from the light drizzle as Kathryn circled Assessor Jakara, doing her best not to trip over her own feet. Her dagger extended, she awaited his thrust as he had taught her. Av’lor had proven a strange world indeed. The summers lasted cycles, as did the winters. Hal and she had the good fortune to arrive during the summer cycles. Rain fell during the night hours, so the sunny days were enough to make you think you were in paradise. She was sure that would change when winter was upon them—cycles of snow, sleet, and below-freezing temperatures. 
Assessor Jakara’s thrust was lightning-quick, but his mentoring paid off. She moved to the side, grabbing his wrist with her left hand as the dagger in her right hand came up to rest against his neck. "I believe you’re dead." She grinned under her helmet. Letting go of his wrist and lowering her dagger, she backed out of his range.
"I didn’t think you were paying attention at all of our lessons, but now I see that it was just a clever ruse." The pride in his voice surprised her. It seemed as if Assessor Jakara was truly a changed man; a man far different from the angry and bitter one she had met during her initial entry into the Knighthood. She finally let herself accept that she liked this new version. He reminded her so much of her father that she couldn’t help but try to grasp onto any semblance of home. She probably filled the void his daughter had left.
"I have to admit my mind tends to wander during our lessons, but I get the basic idea." 
He gestured for her to join him at their traditional resting spot upon a low stone wall surrounding the practice ring. "I know your days are full. I’m surprised you can concentrate at all. I thought practicing at nightfall would allow you some break between your daily duties and my lessons, but it got to the point where your break filled with even more duties."
He gave her a grim smile. "I think tonight is our final lesson. You need to concentrate on things that are more important now, like helping Sir Lanclor in the library and teaching the lost spells to Lord Alextor. I have to go to R’kelo for a while. 
It looks like Lord Alextor has noticed my change of heart and wants me to work on regaining my Instructor status teaching the knights over there. Some reinforcements are to arrive from R'kelo in the next day or so for some type of special mission to the North. I’m to bring a couple of knights with me to investigate an incident with a village over that way as well. I believe you’re familiar with Rielle and Nikton?"
"Yes, I remember them. I haven’t seen them for quite a while. Rielle and Nikton had acted as our translators, if you remember from the Assessments?" Kathryn felt guilty for not following up to see how they were.
"Ah, yes, I remember. I’m sorry about that, by the way. I was a different person back then, even though it wasn’t long ago. I haven’t talked to either of them since, so I’m sure they’re dreading this trip." He paused and she sensed the smile beneath his helmet. "I’ll get things straightened out and I’m sure we’ll end up being good friends afterward." He rose to his feet and she knew their lessons were officially over. "I don’t know when I’ll return, but if I don’t see you before the Final Battle, may the Goddess watch over you."
"May the Goddess watch over you as well, Assessor Jakara. Have a safe trip."
"Aye. Be safe, Lady Kathryn."
"Be safe, Assessor Jakara." With a nod, he turned and made his way through the now steady rain. The torches decided to make their exit as well and were overwhelmed by the rain. 
Kathryn continued to sit in darkness, thinking about all she had learned during her time on Av’lor. Her heart ached at Assessor Jakara’s leaving. It was like losing her father all over again. After her mother’s death, he wasn’t the same. Kathryn’s bitterness had grown unchecked as her father made every attempt to push his memories of her mother aside. Now she understood it was his method of coping. She wondered how he had handled her disappearance. Talk about kicking somebody when he was down. 
Chapter 41

"Thanks, Garrent. I’ll give it to her."
"I appreciate it, Sir Lanclor. It only seems right. I honestly forgot about it until now. Be safe."
"Be safe, Garrent." Garrent saluted and left Lanclor's workroom. The first day Hal and Lady Kathryn had arrived seemed like ages ago instead of just under six months. Lanclor remembered that day clearly, as she had almost died. He had saved her from that unfortunate end. Thank the Goddess.
He couldn’t imagine where the Knighthood would be without her. Garrent, Alextor and he would most likely be at the bottom of the Floalkel Falls with over a dozen other knights. The Knighthood would have never recovered without their leadership, and the Daemons would have overpowered them in the battles that followed. 
Garrent had come to Lanclor's workroom to present him with a heavy sack that had been in the corner of the sabotaged armory. It now lay on his desk wrapped in his spare cloak. Lanclor rose from his chair and headed for Lady Kathryn’s chambers with the pack in tow. He knocked upon her door a short while later. 
She answered the door in full armor, minus her helmet. He had to suppress the urge to touch her hair.
"Sir Lanclor, this is unexpected. Is everything okay?"
"Everything is fine, Lady Kathryn. I actually need to return something to you that we forgot about." He presented her with the bundle.
Carefully unwinding the cloak, she smiled at her pack and he saw her face beam with satisfaction. "My backpack! I completely forgot about it! Thank you, Sir Lanclor." She met his eyes with genuine gratitude, offering him the cloak as she placed the heavy pack upon her table. 
He hesitated, and then decided just to tell her the rest of his news. "I also have something else I’d like to give you. Do you remember that I told you I’d reward you if you could tame the mare?"
"Tame Artemis? Yes, I remember." Kathryn clenched her hands in front of her.
"Well, I’ve decided upon a reward for your efforts. You’ve done a great job preparing her to be a knight’s mount. She’ll be a welcome addition to the knight stables. She’s plenty big enough to support anyone in the Knighthood, don’t you agree?"
"Um, yes, Sir Lanclor. She’s coming along well." She kept her expression neutral, but he could see the disappointment and sadness in her eyes at the thought of losing her new friend. 
"Well, I’ve decided the best reward for you is Artemis."
It took a while to sink in. "Artemis? You mean—"
"Artemis. I bought her, so she’s mine to give. I’m giving her to you on the condition that you allow me some breeding rights. If she chooses to breed, that is."
With joy in her eyes, she gave him a hug and he forced himself to not wrap his arms around her and pull her closer to him. 
She seemed to remember his rank. "Um, thank you, Sir Lanclor. Please forgive my excitement"
"You’re welcome, Lady Kathryn." He forced himself to nod and take his leave. Heading toward the center courtyard, his doubts about the Ball crept to the forefront of his mind. Memories of her warmth against him and her smile while they danced together pained him. He never should have pursued her. The ache he felt now, ten times worse than before, almost brought him to his knees when he was around her. He had to move past it.
A short while later, Lanclor sat in the throne room with Lord Alextor and awaited the presence of the R'kelo knights. They had decided to send them north to the Lir'Kelah in the hope that they could shed some light on the black quills and arrange a safe haven if the knights had to abandon the castle. The land around R'kelo had been quiet for the past few weeks, so it was the only place they could afford to reduce their numbers and send a group north. 
The doors opened and two dozen tired knights strode in. Their armor varied in color and gave each one an identity of seasoned troops. He stared in disbelief as he recognized the armor patterns of several knights in the back of the group. No, it couldn't be. He thought they had more time. Bowing his head in his hand, he struggled to comprehend what it meant. 
"Lanclor, is something wrong?" Lord Alextor asked in a concerned tone.
Lanclor regained his composure and shook his head. "We can discuss it afterward. Let's get started." He barely listened to the plan to send them north. His mind reeling with possibilities, a knight covered in soot took him by surprise when he burst into the throne room.
"Lord Alextor," the filthy knight said between breaths. He must have flown here in a hurry by the look of his trembling wings. "The Red Valley, there are so many. They covered the ground, obscuring the red rock of the valley floor." He began to panic and started mumbling incoherently about death and destruction to come.
"Enough! Take a breath. Explain to me exactly what you saw," Lord Alextor said in a firm voice.
"Daemons! Thousands upon thousands of Daemons! They cover the Red Valley!" 
Everyone started talking at once, but Lanclor remained quiet. His fears confirmed, he looked up at the several knights he had recognized. He had seen Lady Kathryn's Final Battle Sight so many times that they were like old friends whom he had believed he wouldn't meet until much later. The Final Battle had arrived.
Chapter 42

Kathryn closed the door behind her as she entered Sir Lanclor’s workroom. Lord Alextor leaned against a wall while Sir Lanclor sat at his desk.
"Lady Kathryn, please sit. This won’t take very long." Lanclor gestured to a chair.
Apprehensive, Kathryn sat in front of his desk, glancing between Lord Alextor and Sir Lanclor. She felt like a rabbit in the middle of two wolves.
Lord Alextor sighed, and then started in a detached voice. "We just received reports from the town of Ralenth that the Daemons are mobilizing in the valley of the Red River. We think they’ll begin to march—or fly rather—upon Ralenth any day. With Hopent and Balket destroyed, Ralenth is the only town left standing before the river. If the Daemons cross the river, we have little hope of defending the castle if we also have to worry about Altena and Heten. Our only choice is to strike before the Daemons can attack." 
Kathryn sat in shocked silence. She thought they had more time and looked at Sir Lanclor for reassurance. The sunlight coming through the window highlighted the gold flecks of his light brown eyes.
Sir Lanclor took over. "There are a total of twenty squads of knights at Ka’latin Castle. We'll deploy fifteen squads to attack the Red River Valley and to reinforce Ralenth. If they don’t succeed, the remaining five squads will do whatever it takes to save the people of Av’lor, even begging the Lir’Kelah for refuge to the north."
Lord Alextor straightened to his full height. "If they are forced to leave Ka’latin castle and evacuate the surrounding villages, they will destroy the Portal and the Daemons’ only way to Earth. We will attack before dawn tomorrow and hope to have the advantage of the night to get into position before the Daemon sentries spot us. We thought you should know your Sights are playing out."

Kathryn stood in her room, studying the contents of her backpack. Her mother's smiling face filled her with an intense sadness. Bitterness at her father's method of coping was gone. She now longed for nothing more than for him to hug her and say everything would be okay. Her hands shook as she uncovered the other pictures.
Rachel’s smiling face clenched her heart and Kathryn gave her daughter a sad smile. The next picture showed Donny holding Rachel upside down by her ankles. He used to tower over Kathryn, but he would never walk again. Two tours in Iraq without a scratch. Every time she saw him in his wheelchair, she knew it should have been her in that chair. If she hadn’t lost her temper when Rachel broke her mother’s vase, Donny never would have insisted that Rachel and he pick up mom from the airport.
Working full-time as a single mom had never seemed glamorous, but Kathryn had always respected the idea of providing for Rachel and herself. She hadn’t needed a man in her life and Greg had never offered to help her financially, even after moving in. Why would he? He made a fraction of her salary. Looking back, she realized his refusal to do anything beyond sitting in front of the television or occasionally playing games with Rachel didn’t make him worthy of her. She’d just been so happy to believe a man loved her that she lowered her standards. Lazy bastard.
Kathryn reached into the large pocket and felt a furry clump. Withdrawing her hand, Ella’s trunk pointed at her in greeting. Stroking the soft fur, Kathryn hugged the elephant against her chest and closed her eyes against the ache. Fighting tears, she placed Ella on a high shelf so Dargo wouldn’t get her.
Exploring the outer pockets of the bag, she discovered Hal's badge, wallet and gun belt. Hal had changed after Vikten’s men had taken him. She saw the defeat in his eyes. Opening his wallet, she smiled into the face of a young boy sitting upon Hal's shoulders. Gathering Hal’s things, she headed for his room. Dargo's tail wagged, but he remained in his comfortable position in the sun shining through the back door.
Hal answered the door on the first knock. "Hi. What’s up?" he asked in a serious tone of voice, his usual humor missing.
"I have something for you. May I come in?"
"Sure, come on in." He stood aside and performed a welcoming and theatrical gesture with his hand. "Make yourself at home. There’s beer in the fridge, chips and salsa on the counter, and the Super Bowl should be on any minute." 
She smiled, walking into his modest room, careful not to knock his collection of throwing knives off his desk. "Are you preparing for a war or something?" she asked, raising her eyebrows.
"It’s just a little hunting trip. There should be plenty of game." He tried to sound funny, but it was impossible to be in this situation. They could both die in less than 24 hours. Add his recent torture to that… 
She offered him his things. "I think these are yours."
His features finally showed some sign of life. The expression on his face was thoughtful as he stood staring at the picture of his son, not moving. "Thank you. This is what I needed." 
In his eyes, she saw his appreciation. She had a lot to prepare before the battle in the morning, so she took her leave after a brief goodbye. As Hal closed the door behind her, a sad smile touched her mouth. They were fighting to protect their families. Perhaps they had both forgotten that.
Elena was in Kathryn's room petting Dargo when she returned. Kathryn closed the door behind her and leaned against it.
"Elena, I can’t believe you didn’t tell me." Kathryn shook her head and prayed she wouldn’t start crying over the entire situation.
"Tell you what." Elena dropped the sheets and looked at Kathryn with genuine surprise.
"About whom he was."
"I told you not to. I couldn’t just blurt out his identity. It’s tradition." She started wringing her hands and her eyes started to water. "Please, don’t be angry with me."
Kathryn sighed. Her life was a violent soap opera. "I’m angry with myself. I think I knew it all along."
"What?" Elena walked over and pulled her to a chair, sitting beside her.
"He smells like pine and cinnamon. I smelled it that day I healed him in the library. He smelled the same at the Ball. Two of my favorite scents and he had to smell like both of them. I didn’t even have a chance. And now he’s going to die." Kathryn felt the tears streaming from her eyes and her nose start to get stuffy. She gave in and let out her grief.
"Shh, it’s okay. Everything will be okay." Elena held her and stroked her hair.
"I don’t want to lose him, Elena. He gets under my skin and irritates the shit out of me, but I don’t think I could handle losing him."

She was in her room cleaning her sword when there was a knock at the door. Since her sword was in her lap and her hands full with an oily rag and a honing stone, she verbally granted entry instead of opening the door herself. The door opened to present Lord Alextor, accompanied by Sir Lanclor and Sir Garrent. Making a move to put her supplies away, Lord Alextor gestured for her not to bother. 
"This will only take a minute, Lady Kathryn." He nodded toward Sir Garrent to close the door behind them. 
"You’re the most powerful knight we have, magically." Lord Alextor got right to the point. "We need you in the air to cover the ground troops. We’d like you to lead a squad of Graywings."
Kathryn's eyebrows rose in shock. "Milord, I’m honored, but surely—"
"You may not have the battle experience, but you have the respect of the Knighthood," Sir Lanclor said in a serious voice. "You probably never realized it, but you do have their respect. They remember the battle at Southker village. You exhausted yourself to save Derrek’s squad. They also know you’re the most powerful mage we have. You have what it takes to be a great leader if you believe you can do it." 
The last thing she expected was this. If anything, she had expected to be stuck in a squad back in Ralenth to be the backup in case things went wrong. Now, here they were saying she had the potential to lead and were offering her the opportunity to do so. Most surprising of all, she believed she could do it. 
"Yes, I’ll do it. You’ll need to tell me the plan, though. I need to know where I should be when the attack begins."
They all breathed a sigh of relief. "We’ll be discussing strategy in an hour in the throne room. Sir Garrent will prep you while you finish up with your sword. We’ll see you shortly." Sir Lanclor gave her a penetrating look, and then Lord Alextor and he left her room while Sir Garrent stayed behind.
"They have a gift for making people nervous, don’t they?" Sir Garrent said as he noticeably relaxed and took the seat next to her. "It looks like your sword is changing. Would you mind if I looked at the runes?"
"Not at all. I just oiled it, so use the rag." She handed him her sword, holding it by the hilt and by a rag wrapped around the blade. He held it gingerly, turning it around so the runes were the right side up. There were only three runes at this point, but she had a feeling there would be more in the future. If she didn't die tomorrow, that was. 
"Hmm. It’s an interesting choice of runes. I know you didn’t choose them or anything. Some people believe the first several runes give us a hint as to our future. The first rune here, toward the hilt, means fire. We all know that’s your most powerful skill. This second one on the other hand, doesn’t make much sense to me. It’s the rune representing a gate. The last rune represents hope, something we’re all going to need come tomorrow morning."
Hope. Ironic. "Fire, gate and hope? Fire, I can understand, and maybe hope, but gate?"
"Sometimes the meanings of the first runes aren’t apparent until the time is right, or even looking back on particular events in your career." Sir Garrent adjusted his position in the chair after he handed her sword back to her. "The war council meeting will discuss where all of our squads fit into the overall strategy of the battle. 
"We’re all encouraged to speak our opinions without fear of rebuke. Any ideas at all are welcome, especially in this scenario. I’d recommend getting there a little early so you can look over the maps and think about any strategy we might have missed. I’ll now take my leave to prepare for the council. I’ll see you soon, Lady Kathryn." 
Sir Garrent rose from his chair, his green armor glowing from hours of polishing. Kathryn nodded her farewell, too overwhelmed with information to respond with words. She finished cleaning her sword and returned it to its scabbard on her desk. The last half hour before the meeting, she spent going over the spells Sir Lanclor and she had found in the Lost Spell books. 
Kathryn had already gone over them dozens of times, memorizing them months ago. Still unsure which spells could turn the tide of the battle, she strapped on her newly cleaned sword, placed her helmet upon her head, and headed toward the throne room. She met Sir Garrent on the way and they walked together in distracted silence. They would be discussing a strategy to keep all of them from dying. No pressure.
They were some of the first to arrive. Lord Alextor sat at the table while Sir Lanclor concentrated on the map. Derrek and Hook arrived shortly thereafter, accompanied by Hal. Hal stood next to Hook, seeming just as surprised to see Kathryn, as she was to see him.
The room began to fill, so Hal and she had no opportunity to talk. She only recognized some of the knights from mounted warfare practice. The rest of the knights were from R’kelo. They were only familiar because she had seen them before in her Last Battle Sight. Just looking at them gave her chills.
"If everyone will gather around, I’d like to begin so we can try to have a few hours of sleep before the battle tomorrow." Lord Alextor rose from his chair, gesturing for everyone to join him at the table around the map. "The way I see it, our best approach is from the valley around Hopent. This will be the most heavily guarded, but it’ll take too long to try to find a pass through those mountains other than the wooded pass south of Southker. That pass is just too sheltered with trees and an ambush would be likely. 
If we had thirty more squads, I would say to bring our winged squads over the mountains to flank them, but with our limited numbers, I think our only chance is to have the winged squads cover the mounted ones. Do you all agree?"
They all studied the map, but Hook was the first to voice his agreement with Lord Alextor. "The wind can be awful in those mountains. It could be too much, blowing a winged squad off course and throwing them right in the middle of the Daemons instead of flanking them. A direct assault is our only choice."
"Derrek will be leading a squad of Browns and Grays, so I want him in the front to handle the initial aerial assault." Lord Alextor pointed to the southernmost village. "Lanclor will lead the mounted assault doing whatever it takes to secure the bridge at Hopent. Once the bridge is secure and Lanclor’s squads are on the south side of the bridge, Hook’s winged squad of Browns will defend the north side until all of the mounted units are across."
Lord Alextor looked around, meeting everyone’s eye in turn. He focused on Hal. "Hal, I want your squad of Browns to cover Lanclor. He’ll be in the thick of the Daemons at that point. He’ll have enough Grays on the ground to assist you in the air if the need arises. At that point, I want Garrent’s and Kathryn’s Grays to attack in force, giving the rest of us time to re-group. Does anyone else have anything to add?"
Hook stepped forward, leaning over the map. "Should we bring all of the mounted squads up at the same time? Would it be better to hold some in reserve?" Hook asked, pointing to the map as he spoke.
"I thought about that, but I think they would be useless if anything were to happen to the bridge. We need to get all of them on the other side of the river if we’re going to overpower the Daemons." Lord Alextor pointed to the only bridge across the river and their only means of escape with the horses.
Sir Lanclor shook his head. "Agreed, but I think we should have a squad of Grays covering the bridge while we’re crossing just in case. That way, if there is any unforeseen trouble, we have some magic to back us up. I think Garrent’s squad should do this, and then we’ll have Lady Kathryn’s squad come in and attack in force. Lady Kathryn has enough power to cause a distraction, allowing us to re-group. Garrent’s squad would be of more use in the initial assault and defending the bridge."
"Hmm, you’re right. Can anyone else add to that?" Lord Alextor looked around, welcoming any comments. When no one responded, he continued. "Now, we’ll have a total of eight mounted squads and seven winged. There will be Grays intermixed throughout all of the mounted squads and five of the winged squads, with two pure Gray squads led by Garrent and Kathryn. That’ll give us enough magic to cover the Browns on the ground and in the sky. If we can tire the Daemons enough to stay on the ground, then the agility of the mounted knights will be our advantage. I think everything else is up to the Goddess. Be safe everyone and I’ll see you in the morning."
Lord Alextor was stuck with the job of destroying the portal if things went terribly wrong. He was also one of the few people who could speak the language of the Lir'Kelah well enough to negotiate with them in case they needed to take refuge to the north. While this role frustrated him, he had no choice since he was the leader of the Knighthood. People depended upon him to protect them and sometimes that meant remaining behind. 

A knock sounded upon her door and Kathryn opened it to reveal Mikael and a young girl with a missing hand. Kathryn stood frozen, unable to take her eyes off the girl. She had her father's blue eyes and her grandmother's mousy hair. 
Mikael hesitated, and then said, "This is Jenna. Is something wrong Lady Kathryn? I know we weren’t supposed to visit Dargo for another two days..."
"Mom?"
Kathryn sank to her knees and wrapped her arms around Rachel’s sobbing frame. Tears flowed from Kathryn’s eyes and she clung to her daughter with the intent never let her go. The police had searched the river for two weeks for her body, and then had given up. She had always felt cheated, not being able to bury her daughter.
"Rachel, how did you get here?" Kathryn whispered in horrified relief.
Rachel cried and couldn’t answer between her gasping breaths.
"I found her in the middle of a Daemon battle." Mikael spoke up. "She stood shivering next to my wife’s body and I took her in. I never knew her real name. She didn’t talk for over a month, so I just called her Jenna…the name we had intended for our daughter."
Kathryn sat back on her heels, rocking Rachel back and forth. 
Dargo, sensing their mood, joined in the reunion and his terrible breath made Rachel groan in disgust. "Dargo, that’s disgusting."
Dargo beat Mikael with his tail and Kathryn smiled up at the Royal Guardsman. "You’ve taken good care of her."
Mikael gave her a sad smile. "We’ll work on packing her things so she can move into the castle with you. I no longer have the right to claim her either."
The plans for the Final Battle rushed back into the forefront of her mind. "I don’t know if that’s such a good idea right now."
Rachel broke the embrace. "What do you mean, mom? I can stay with you now, right?" Her panicked eyes raced between Mikael and Kathryn.
"Rachel, I need to speak with Mikael for a moment. Can you take Dargo over to the bed and get him to settle down?" She gestured to Dargo who was staggering between Mikael and Rachel with occasional glances to Kathryn. Kathryn couldn't believe how Dargo had taken to Rachel without having met her on Earth. The day after Rachel's disappearance, Kathryn had picked up Dargo from the humane society as planned as a present for her mother.
"Sure. C’mon Dargo." Rachel ran to the bed and Dargo joined her on Kathryn’s pillow.
"Don’t get comfortable, Dargo." Kathryn sighed, and then turned to Mikael. "Have you spoken to Sir Lanclor or Lord Alextor?"
Mikael shook his head. "No. I had patrol last night, so came straight here when I woke up to your summons."
"We’re attacking the Daemons in force tomorrow. They’re massing in a valley just south of where Southker village used to be. A group of knights will stay behind if the castle needs to be evacuated and the plan is to move everyone north if things go sour. I’m part of the group heading south." Kathryn glanced at Rachel with dread. "I only just found her, Mikael. I need to know that she has you if I can’t make it back." She returned her gaze to Mikael’s troubled eyes.
"Regardless of blood, Rachel will always be my daughter. I’ll keep her with me until you return." 
She lowered her voice. "Mikael, I’m not so sure I will return. I need your promise that you’ll take her north if we lose the battle."
"You have my word, Lady Kathryn." He placed his hand upon her shoulder and Kathryn fought the tears already flowing from her eyes. "I’m on duty soon and have to bring her home in an hour. I’ll leave you two alone to discuss it."
"Thanks Mikael, for everything."
"You’re welcome. Jenna—Rachel, I’ll be back in an hour."
"Okay, Mikael." Rachel smiled while petting Dargo’s neck.
Alone with Rachel, Kathryn sat on the bed and placed her hand on Rachel’s hair. She used to stroke her hair often; using any opportunity to show her daughter affection, and now was no different. Kathryn frowned at Rachel's missing hand, but drew her own conclusions rather than asking about it. If she was found in the middle of a Daemon battle, she was lucky only to lose her hand.
"Mom, what happened to Grandma and Uncle Donny?" Rachel whispered, not taking her eyes off Dargo.
"Oh, honey. Grandma died in the car accident. Uncle Donny got hurt."
Rachel nodded, the only sign of her distress an occasional sniffle. "Did that happen because of me?"
"Oh no. No, no, no. It wasn’t your fault." She pulled Rachel to her chest, trying to drown out the memory of Donny’s claim that something had tried to attack his car before he had crashed into the river. Kathryn always thought it was Post Traumatic Stress Disorder from the war, but she now realized she wasn’t the only victim of the black void.
"Rachel, I need you to stay with Mikael for now."
"What? Why can’t I stay with you?" Rachel mumbled into her shirt.
"I’m a knight. We have a big battle tomorrow and I won’t be around to watch you. All of your stuff is at Mikael’s anyway. I’ll have to talk to Lord Alextor and see if I can get a nicer place with an extra bedroom so you can have your own bed."
"Mom, I’m not stupid or deaf. I know you’re not sure if you’re coming back." Rachel pulled away and gave her a serious look. "I’m big enough now to know it’s best if I stay with Mikael. I’ve been with him since I’ve been here and he’s more of a father than Dad ever was. I’ll be okay."
Kathryn pulled her close and cried over missing the last innocent months of her daughter’s life. She ached at losing Rachel again, but knowing her daughter lived made it bearable. "I love you, Rachel."
"I love you too, Mom."
Chapter 43

Kathryn wandered the quiet halls to try to clear her head. She walked past the windows overlooking the darkening sky of the courtyard and stepped into the library. A single light globe illuminated the table in the far right corner. She saw his silhouette and paused just past the doorway. His elbow propped his helmeted head upon the table above a thick book.
Without warning, he stood and threw the book across the room, and then crossed his arms and stared at the light globe. She saw anger in the stance of his wings and feared she had upset him with her presence, but he didn't appear to see her past the globe's light. 
Without her armor or helmet, she made her silent way toward him. As her white wings made her visible, Sir Lanclor looked her way with his hand reaching toward his sword. 
"Lady Kathryn. I didn't hear you come in." His hand relaxed. His voice held an undercurrent of sadness.
"Indeed." Kathryn walked over to pick up the thrown book. She felt Sir Lanclor’s eyes on her as she bent down. When she turned back, he met her eyes, then turned and sat back down at the table. Dragging a chair beside him, she set the book on the table and sat down, intentionally spreading her wings in such a way so that they brushed his. He made no move to break the contact.
"We don’t have any more time to find the answer." Sir Lanclor placed his elbows on the table, clenched his hands together and leaned his head against them. "I’m going to die tomorrow."
Kathryn didn’t know what to say. She’d had the Sight so many times that she couldn’t comfort him with a false denial. If they had more time, maybe she could throw out ideas on how to avert the disaster. She reached over and placed her hand upon his armored bicep. Unsure what to say, she remained silent.
Sir Lanclor looked down at her hand and covered it with his right for a brief moment before clearing his throat and rising to his feet. He grabbed the book and disappeared into the shadows of the shelves in the back of the library. 
Kathryn jumped to her feet and followed him into the darkness, pausing just long enough to let her eyes adjust to the faint light. She saw his darker form and continued ahead, trapping him between the wall and two bookshelves on either side. Turning, he looked her way and froze.
Spreading her wings to block his escape, she stopped a foot in front of him. Not wanting to strain her neck, she felt around for the familiar stool with her foot. She pulled it over and stepped up to his eye level.
"What is this about, Lady Kathryn?" Sir Lanclor put his hands upon his hips and stood with his wings extended, similar to a small animal trying to make itself larger when faced with a predator.
"I’m not going to let you die, Matthis." 
Sir Lanclor took a step backward and bumped against the wall. He turned to look behind him and spread his arms for balance. "Why did you call me that?"
"Because it's your name. I know who you are. A’lath." She released the spell and a small light glowed above them emitting just enough light to allow them to see each other.
"Matthis doesn’t exist anymore." He made no move to leave, so Kathryn stepped off the stool and pushed it closer to him. 
She stepped back onto the stool, and was close enough to feel his breath against her lips. "He existed during the Ball."
"That was a mistake." His wings drooped and he attempted to move to her left. 
Her arm shot out and halted his progress.
"Let it go, Lady Kathryn." 
Kathryn reached beneath his helmet with both hands and he gripped her wrists.
"Just turn around and walk away." His grip was firm, yet gentle.
She glared at him, willing herself not to cry. He released her and offered no resistance while she unbuckled his helmet and pulled it over his head. Dropping the helmet to the floor, she looked upon a different version of the man she’d met at the ball. 
With dark circles beneath his eyes and stubble adorning his chin, he regarded her with weary eyes. "What is the purpose of this?" His words drew her eyes to his lips.
Leaning forward, she brushed his lips with hers. His posture stiffened, then relaxed. The kiss was tentative at first, intensifying as he slid his arms around her. His stubble hurt her face, but she ignored the pain.
Her tongue caressed his and she felt him shudder and tighten his hold on her. His armor dug into her and only then did she pull away and return his look. She saw the desire and joy in his eyes and his gradual dampening of both. 
"Why are you doing this, Lady Kathryn? You don't want a relationship with me." Bitterness laced his words.
"Why does everyone keep telling me what I want? I'm old enough to make my own decisions and those decisions aren't based upon the opinions of others. If you don't want me, then that's one thing…" Kathryn held her breath.
A brief moment of indecision flashed within his eyes and he looked away. He clenched his jaw and returned her look. "I could lie and tell you I didn't, but you know me better than that. I just don't want you to get hurt. People can be cruel."
She released her breath, closing her eyes in relief. It was short-lived. "So, the only reason for us not to be together is to please other people?" Kathryn felt her eyes start to water and looked away. Her entire life had been spent worrying about what other people thought. She pursed her lips and gave him an angry look. "I can't accept that."
He returned her look and tightened his grip on her. "Neither can I." Leaning forward, he kissed her with such passion the stool started to tip. 
She threw her arms around his neck for balance and he lifted her off the stool. His armor dug into her arms and ribs. Pulling away from his lips, she grimaced in pain.
"I'm sorry. I forgot I was armored." He put her down upon the stool and pulled away. "Thal'salin sar." His armor disappeared and he now wore a loose fitting white shirt and blue pants. Barefoot, he was now an inch shorter, but still taller than she. Stepping back toward her, he wrapped his arms around her lower back and pulled her body against his. Growling with pleasure, he gave her a mischievous smile. "That's much better."


"Lady Kathryn, are you in here?" Hal's voice echoed from the doorway. 
Kathryn almost fell, stumbling about in a panicked search for her clothes. 
"Thal'salin sar," Sir Lanclor mumbled and their clothes appeared on the floor in front of them and two towels emerged in his hand. "Here," he whispered, handing her a towel, "clean up and get dressed. It'll take him a while to search this far back." He turned his back to her.
Kathryn cleaned up and scrambled to pull her clothes on. She heard footsteps coming toward them and remembered the light spell. It was like a beacon announcing their location. Now that they were both clothed, she pushed Sir Lanclor up against the wall and turned toward the entrance to the aisle, spreading her wings to block Hal's view. 
She severed the power of her light spell and welcomed the darkness that hid her red face. Walking to the opening, she emitted what she hoped sounded like a surprised squeak as she almost collided with Hal. 
"Hal, you scared me. I was…busy. What's up?" She flashed him a forced smile.
"I couldn’t sleep and when you didn't answer my knock, I just assumed you would be here. I'll grab some books and we can pass what's left of our free time trying to find a way to survive the next twelve hours.” 
 Kathryn stood with her mouth open, not sure how to stop him without arousing his suspicion as he pushed past her toward the back of the bookshelves.
Chapter 44

Lanclor watched Hal approach and decided on his course of action. There was no point in keeping everything a secret. Lady Kathryn had made her intentions clear and he wasn't going to dishonor her. Stepping forward, he met Hal's advance.
Hal startled and ceased his progress. "Hey. I'm sorry, but I didn't realize anyone else was in here with Kate." He backed up allowing Lanclor to step into the dim light emanating from the light globe over the desk beyond the bookshelves. "My name's Hal and you are?"
Lanclor realized Hal hadn't ever seen him without his helmet. "I believe we've already been introduced, Hal." Lanclor raised his black wings and watched recognition enter Hal's eyes.
"Sir Lanclor. I didn't recognize you." He glanced back at Lady Kathryn, his eyes sliding to her neck where Lanclor's stubble had rubbed a red streak against her milky skin. The blush on Lady Kathryn's cheeks matched her neck. Hal tore his gaze from her and looked at Lanclor with wide eyes.
"That's okay, Hal, I wouldn't expect you to." Lanclor suppressed a smile. "Lady Kathryn and I were just leaving. You should get some sleep before the battle. Be safe, Hal."
Lanclor held his arm out to Kathryn and she gripped it in a daze. They headed toward the exit.
"Um, be safe." Hal muttered behind them.

A short while later Lanclor lay with Lady Kathryn in his private quarters. In several hours, they would need to put on their armor and head to battle. They both needed to get some rest. With one of her legs over his and her breasts against the left side of his chest, he felt at peace for the first time in a decade. 
"I wish you would have just told me who you were weeks ago," Kathryn’s tired voice mumbled.
Lanclor knew how she felt. If he could experience more than just one night of this, he could die happy. "I do too." They couldn’t change the past even with magic. "Get some sleep. You’ll need your energy in the morning."
"Mmmhmm." Her hand twitched against his chest as her breathing evened. Lanclor smiled with the sound of her soft snore and allowed his mind to drift.
Hours later, he awoke to a familiar voice inside his head.
Lanclor? Are you awake?
"Lak'oth ar'vat," Lanclor whispered the Communication spell. I am now, Alextor.
Oh, I'm sorry to wake you. I wanted to go over the attack plan with you one more time before you leave.
Kathryn sighed and snuggled closer against him. Her hair tickled his chest and he reached up to feel its softness against his fingertips. I’m a little busy right now. How much longer do we have?
About two hours. What do you mean you’re busy? I thought you were sleeping, before I woke you up that is…
Lanclor smiled. Give me a half hour and I’ll meet you in the war room.
Okay. I expect a full report.
Lanclor snorted and felt Kathryn start with the sudden motion of his chest.
"What’s going on?" she muttered as she pulled her hand away from his chest to tuck her hair behind her ear. 
He covered her hand with his after she put it back on his chest over his heart. "Lord Alextor wants to go over the battle plans. We’ll be leaving in a couple of hours."
Kathryn laced her fingers through his and squeezed before responding. "I need to get going. I want to look through my notes before we leave. Maybe there’s a spell I missed." She pushed herself up so she was looking down upon him. She leaned down and gave him a gentle kiss, pulling away just enough to break the contact between their lips. "I’ll find a way."
Lanclor reached up and caressed her cheek with the back of his hand. "I’ll see you in a couple hours. Be safe, Kate."
"Be safe, Lan." 
He closed his eyes in satisfaction. That name upon her lips showed she had accepted who he was. His birth name was Matthis, but now he was the Soulbearer, Lanclor. 
Chapter 45

The Last Battle Sight filled the few hours of sleep Kathryn had with Sir Lanclor. Sir Lanclor’s horse continued to die several times that night. Different scenarios occurred, all ending in failure. 
In one scenario, she went to Sir Lanclor’s rescue and prevented him from dying by the initial attack of the Daemons, but the Daemons overpowered them and he bled to death trapped beneath his charger. In another, she repetitively cast high-level lightning spells, but exhausted herself before they defeated even half of the Daemons. She fell from the sky and they consumed her while still alive. After this last scenario, she was glad to remain awake, unable to close her eyes without feeling the Daemon’s fangs ripping chunks out of her body.
After a quick bath back in her room, she suited up, sensing the time approaching. Her armor fit comfortably and she strapped her sword to her side. She stood, ready to face everything the dark and early morning offered. A knock sounded upon her door and she opened it to see Hal in full armor with the flaps of his helmet wide open. 
"Milady Kathryn, the battle will begin shortly and we’re needed." He offered her his arm and they walked together down to the courtyard. "So, you and Sir Lanclor, huh?" Hal’s tone matched his grin.
"Don’t even say it, Hal." She glared at him and he pretended not to notice. They continued in silence until they parted ways and Kathryn met up with Sir Garrent who escorted her to her new squad of Graywings. 
"Derrek thought you’d be more comfortable with those Graywings who accompanied you at Southker. While there are only a dozen of them left, they’re some of the more powerful mages, and they volunteered to serve with you," Sir Garrent said with pride. "Both of our squads will be following the main party in the rear. After we’re past Ralenth and the signal is given, my squad will move forward to cover the ground units for the initial assault while your squad will continue to hang back. We'll call you when we need you. At that time, you’ll need to blast them with what you can to allow us a chance to regroup."
She nodded her understanding. Sir Garrent returned the nod, and then moved toward his squad. When she reached her squad, she looked into the eyes of thirty competent Graywings. Each helmeted head nodded when she met their eye, showing her that they acknowledged her role in this battle. She Communicated the orders to all of them, careful to leave nothing out. They all understood and prepared for the battle ahead, each in their own way—some with prayer, others with complete silence.
The thunder of 480 horses, the eight mounted squads of sixty each, sounded to their left as the mounted forces exited the South Gate. The winged squads remained in the West courtyard, awaiting the signal to take flight. Lord Alextor gave the signal to the five brown and gray mixed squads, 250 knights, and the wind from their wings stirred the hair of the villagers who had gathered to see the knights depart. Garrent gave the order after all five squads were aloft, and their squads, totaling sixty Graywings, leapt into the air, beating their wings in practiced unison. 
Chapter 46

Lanclor could feel Laktalin’s controlled energy beneath him, a slight hesitation in his step. His mount would have loved to begin the charge now, but Lanclor made sure to keep his reins short. They had quite a ways to go and he had no desire to tire him before the battle. 
Lanclor remembered when he had first seen Laktalin, throwing Hook to the ground when Hook had tried to mount him for the first time. Laktalin hadn’t been broken and refused to let anyone upon his back. Lanclor had taken over Hook’s "impossible task" and earned Laktalin’s trust. He’d been a loyal mount ever since, not allowing any other knight upon his back.
Lanclor patted his neck, assuring him that they would soon charge into battle together. What a historical battle it would be. They would surely be outnumbered and a victory would be costly, but they had no choice. This was the only option they had to stand a chance against the Daemon horde. The knights couldn’t sit in the castle hoping the Daemons would change their minds and go home. The Daemons wouldn't go home until they stripped this world and the next of life.
Lanclor glanced above him through the night, his Night Eyes spell showing him the winged squads above. They flew in perfect unison, circling when needed to avoid passing the ground troops, conserving their strength by gliding. 
He felt comforted by their presence, knowing the winged squads would spot any foe unseen by the ground forces. The air was crisp, but far from freezing—the perfect temperature for a long march. It was then that he noticed it. 
Not a sound escaped from the squads. The usual sound of quiet singing and the suppressed laughter of a shared joke were missing. The Knight-Commander looked around at his knights, noticing the haunted, yet determined eyes. It reminded him of Lady Kathryn’s Last Battle Sight. He felt his thoughts melt away any eagerness for the battle, replacing that eagerness with a foreboding as he again patted the neck of Laktalin.
Chapter 47

The trek between Ralenth and Hopent dragged as in her mind Kathryn replayed the different scenarios from last night’s Sights. Using nothing but high-level lightning spells would exhaust her. She had to vary her spells as much as possible, only using the lightning spells on the armored Daemons. She'd have to use another spell, one less draining, on the other Daemons. 
They glided as much as possible to conserve their strength and to avoid passing the ground units. The trip to Ralenth was uneventful; the only sound that of the horses’ hooves and the knights' wings. The ground from Ralenth to Hopent was flat and only a few miles long. 
Squad leaders, cast a dampening spell on your squads to muffle the sound of our passage. Sir Lanclor’s voice sounded within her mind. 
Lak’oth ent’yart. She cast a dampening spell so they wouldn’t disturb the night and alert the Daemons to their presence.
Sir Garrent received the order to move to the front some time later and Kathryn focused on nothing but the knights around her, making sure everything went as planned. They saw the dead village of Hopent on the horizon. An order appeared to pass through the ground troops and they began to gallop toward the bridge. 
Lanclor’s squad reached it first and crossed to the other side, fanning out with their backs to the bridge, ready for any foe on the opposite shore. Garrent’s squad hovered above the bridge awaiting any form of attack that may fall upon them or Lanclor. Two more squads had crossed the bridge before the Daemons emerged. Hundreds of them flooded from the trees, some taking to the air while many remained on the ground to advance toward the squads guarding the south side of the bridge. 
Sir Garrent’s squad cast multiple shield spells around the defending mounted squads, falling back to allow Hook and two of the other mixed winged squads to protect them from the incoming Daemons while they prepared more spells. Hal and the other winged squads prepared to protect Lanclor’s squads from the air, relying on the squads behind them to protect their backs.
In the time it took the Daemons to engage Lanclor’s squads, two more squads were thundering across the bridge. Close behind were the last three squads. It looked like all of the squads would make it to the other side. The Daemons and knights met with a thundering clash of metal. Sir Lanclor and his squads strove to drive the Daemons back to make room for the squads coming across the bridge. So far, it looked like none of the Daemons wore armor.
They thought the unarmored Daemons were the scouts and lower level troops. Lanclor, working with all of the winged squads, drove the Daemons back enough to allow all eight squads to exit the bridge. Now that they were all across, it was time to regroup.
Lady Kathryn, we require your assistance, Lanclor communicated in her mind. 
Lak’oth ar’vat. Yes, sir. We’re on our way. She shifted the focus of her spell to her squad. Time to make our entrance. They soared over the bridge and came to the forefront of the battle, the other squads parting before them. 
Now, attack with everything you have. Let’s not give any of the Daemons a chance even to look at anyone else, Kathryn ordered.
Fire and ice spells cast by thirty Graywings ripped through the ranks of Daemons on the ground and in the air. As Daemons fell from the skies into the river, the Daemons continued to come, but drastically slowed down. Her squad roared in triumph, calling more spells to kill as many Daemons as possible as the creatures spread apart, finding paths to wade through their fallen. 
The knights' ground forces had regrouped and prepared to advance. As Kathryn moved to the rear of her squad to recover and ready another spell, she saw the unthinkable. Hundreds of armored Daemons rose from the trees on the opposite side of the river. The knights’ confidence in the element of surprise and the Daemons’ poor night vision would be their downfall. The Daemons had them surrounded, their most powerful forces at the knights' rear. 
Lak’oth ar’vat. She directed her mind to all of the knights. Armored Daemons at the rear, diamond formation! My squad, to the rear! They were the best defenders against armored Daemons. 
Sir Garrent and Hal’s squads remained at the front while Hook joined her at the back. 
Let’s show these bastards that they won’t get the best of us. Hook growled in their minds, forming up around them to allow them the protection of his Browns while they prepared their higher level spells.
The armored Daemons pounded their ranks, felling many knights in their first and furious onslaught. Daemon fire annihilated one of the squads to the left of Hook and it fell in clumps into the river below. 
F’enk’e’alath shel’an’re melan’ke’toh sel’anthia. Kathryn and her squad threw up dozens of fire shields, determined not to let any more squads fall that way. 
"Lirl'aeth kanen’entilix falo’entili’ai vel’on." They cast lightning spells aloud in unison, joining them to enhance them tenfold and throwing them to the back of the Daemon horde to eliminate the threat of hitting any knights.
Over half of the armored Daemons to their rear fell to the ground, shriveling as they dropped. The remaining ones hit their Brown lines with fury, but the knights eventually brought them down, eliminating the threat to their backs. 
So caught up in the battle, the winged squads failed to notice the Daemon fire consuming the bridge until it was too late. Its boards fell into the river, hissing and smoking as they touched the water. The ground forces now had no means of retreat without leaving their horses, which they would never do. While they had removed the threat from their rear, the battle had continued in the front. 
The attack from the north shore had distracted them enough for more armored Daemons to attack the mounted squads from the south. Three of the mounted squads had already fallen. They’re dying horses screamed with their riders. Lanclor’s squads could no longer advance, doing everything they could to defend themselves from the enemy. 
The dawn light revealed their deaths in the valley before them. Thousands of Daemons poured out of a portal, all armored and prepared for battle. Kathryn's mind raced, looking for some way out of this losing battle. The Daemons took flight. Like swarms of locusts, they all but blocked out the light from the rising sun. 
Just then, she heard a scream of a horse above the chaos. She turned her attention below to see Lanclor’s charger fall, its rider trapped beneath. 
"No, this can't be happening." Kathryn felt her chest tighten and struggled to hold back her tears. The Last Battle Sight. The Sight always ended in Lanclor’s fall, signifying the fall of the Knighthood. She couldn't let that happen.
Lak’oth ar’vat. Everyone, rally around Sir Lanclor! We will not fall! As one, all of the winged squads dove toward Lanclor and the remaining mounted squads, casting shield spells as they went, creating a protective wall around the last of the defenders. The winged squads landed in waves, surrounding the mounted squads, allowing them a chance to rest. They maintained impenetrable shields around them, knowing they would all die when the shields failed.
Looking at the scene around her, Kathryn couldn’t help but feel despair. With the bridge on fire, there was no hope of retreat. On fire. No hope. Fire. Hope. The portal. No, not a portal, a gate. It all became clear. Would it work?
Kathryn approached Lanclor, knowing the shield spells would only last another few minutes. She went around his horse so she could look him in the eye. 
"The battle is lost. There’s no hope," he said, bleeding from several wounds with his left arm at an odd angle, his leg trapped beneath his dead horse. 
"There's hope." Bending over to touch her hand to his chest, she said for his ears alone, "Forgive me, Lan." Lak’oth lenk’enterun ent’me’unt zele’funt lak’oth. Kathryn backed away, breaking eye contact with him before she lost her resolve. 
Lak’oth ar’vat. She focused on her squad around her. Everyone, back up and form a ring around me. Keep everyone clear. In her mind, she thought of all the hope in the hearts of the people of Av’lor. Hope burning in their souls. Hope. Burning. She spread her wings and arms. 
F’enk’e’alath shel’an’re melan’ke’toh lak’oth falo’entili’ai pho’nel’xelan cor’tentia ka’la’o’elath. As she cast the Phoenix Fire spell, blue fire rippled around her body. She became a blue inferno waiting to consume the Daemons, focusing all of her fury, all of her despair, on the Daemons pictured in her mind. 
Kathryn beat her wings, slowly rising into the air. The shields fell and the Daemons around them started to advance. Blue flames consumed them. Concentrating on the black mass before her, she flew toward the center of the oncoming Daemon army. In her wake, the Daemons, armor and all, shriveled from the blue flames that incinerated them upon sighting her. 
She felt sadness gather within her soul, knowledge that she may never see her friends and family again. At least they'd be safe. Destroying more and more of the Daemons around her, she moved toward the center of the valley. The Daemons in flight fell from the skies like blue fire raining from the heavens. 
"Rachel, Dad, Donny…I love you. Matthis—Lanclor…" Feeling an insurmountable grief, she flew into the portal. 
F’enk’e’alath shel’an’re melan’ke’toh cor’tentia ka’la’o’eleri. Her level 80 fire spell destroyed the gate behind her. 
Chapter 48

Fire filled the valley, its smoke turning day to night. The smell of burning bodies was overpowering. Hal limped toward Lanclor, tears streaming from his eyes. Lanclor remained still, replaying the events of the battle in his mind. She was gone. She had cast that spell, to save them all. 
Hook and some other soot-covered knights gathered around Lanclor, working together to lift the warhorse off his master. Hal joined his strength with theirs, placing his hands underneath the horse’s back alongside Hook. 
"Now, on the count of four. One, two, three, four! Put your backs into it, you bastards. He doesn’t weigh all that much!" Hook said.
They raised the horse while another knight dragged Lanclor by his shoulders from beneath his beloved mount. Lanclor remained silent, his teeth clenched in pain. 
A healer waiting on hand assessed his condition. "Mel’int ent’bel’ak. He’s severely wounded, but he’ll survive if we heal him now." 
The healer gestured to another and they began to work on him. While one of them held him down, the other set his broken arm. Even through the agony of setting the bone, he remained quiet. 
It took two hours to heal him. As the healers walked away, sweat streaming from their foreheads into their eyes, Hal approached Sir Lanclor, offering his hand. Lanclor looked at him a while, blinked slowly, and then breathed a loud and exhausted sigh as he gripped Hal's hand. Hal pulled him to his feet, gripping his elbow long enough for him to gain his balance. With Lanclor steady on his feet, Hal moved away, staring at the fire in the middle of the valley some distance away.
Sir Lanclor surveyed his surroundings, shaking his head. Daemons smoldered across the valley. "Are there any left?"
Hal was silent for a moment. "Some. They took off toward the west. We chose not to pursue. They seemed to lose heart."
"I can understand why they would. Damn that woman. I told her not to use that spell," he said this last to himself, but he was sure Hal heard it loud and clear. Hal probably also heard the sound of his grief. Hal chose to walk away, showing his respect by allowing Lanclor his private mourning. Lanclor crossed his arms, angling his wings to shield himself from the other knights, framing the fire in the valley below. Gone.
Lanclor gathered himself while Hal worked with Hook. They organized their remaining troops, communicating all of their conversations to the entire group, working out a way to get the horses back across the river. Pooling their almost depleted magic, they were able to form a solid bridge of ice across the water and hurried to move the horses across before the heat of the fires melted the ice.
After the horses crossed, Lanclor and the rest of those on foot headed toward the relative safety of the remains of Hopent. The wrath of the Daemon fire had spared some houses on the edge of town in the previous attack. They would remain in Hopent until Lord Alextor’s squads arrived to escort them back to the castle. 
"Maybe someone should fly to the center of the valley. Maybe she survived," Hook mused aloud.
"No. She’s not in the valley." Lanclor’s voice surprised them. "Let’s see to the wounded and prepare a defense in case the Daemons return before Lord Alextor arrives." 
"Yes, Milord," they responded in unison.
Lanclor pushed all thoughts of Kate from his mind. Mourning could happen later. Right now, he needed to get his knights back home. 

The evening after the Final Battle, Lanclor walked through the corridors doing his best to slow his stride. Silence spread like a plague throughout the castle, occasionally punctuated by wails of grief and he wanted nothing more than to rush away from it. Guard-Commander Warren had asked Lanclor to join him for a meeting with Mikael. He welcomed the distraction and the chance to leave the memories of the castle behind for a short time at least. The Guard Barracks mirrored the sound of the castle. He entered Guard-Commander Warren’s office, nodding to Mikael as he strode to Warren’s desk.
"Commander Warren, I’d like to leave the Royal Guard." Mikael wasted no time. 
"I had a feeling you would. I may be the Guard-Commander, Mikael, but I'm also your father. I know how you think and I can tell when something disturbs you. Do you have an idea of what you'd like to do instead?" 
Lanclor assumed Warren didn’t show the anger Mikael had expected. 
Mikael couldn’t hide the relief in his voice at his father's understanding. "I would like to join the Knighthood. I think it would give me a better opportunity to find the girls and avenge Filippe's death." 
His father nodded with tears in his eyes. Filippe was his first-born and to lose him and have his granddaughters missing was a hard blow. "I’ll write a recommendation to Sir Lanclor to make it official. I don't have to go very far to deliver it." Warren gave Lanclor a small smile. "I can't guarantee you’ll make it into the Knighthood, but you already know you have the magical aptitude and weapon skills to pull through. I know I never told you this, but I’m proud of you." 
"Thank you, Sir. I’m grateful to have served under you." Mikael saluted with a fist to his forehead. "I’ll plan on leaving next week, if that will suit you?" 
"Yes, Mikael. That will allow me ample time to re-assign your squad. You’ll give me updates on your search?" 
"Yes, Dad, I’ll keep you updated. We’ll find them." 
"Sir Lanclor, if you don’t mind, I’d like to speak with you about something personal." Mikael gestured to the door.
"Warren, can we resume our discussion at a later date?" Lanclor eyed the commander of the Royal Guard.
With Warren’s nod, they left the room and exited the Royal Guard barracks toward the castle.
"Did Lady Kathryn talk to you about Rachel?" Mikael rubbed the back of his neck as he walked, avoiding eye contact.
At the mention of her name, Lanclor clenched his jaw. The battle, too fresh in his mind, threatened to unman him, but he pulled himself together. "Who’s Rachel?"
"My adopted daughter, Jenna, is really Lady Kathryn’s daughter, Rachel, from Earth"
"What?" Lanclor stopped walking and Mikael drew a few steps ahead. "When did you find this out?"
"The eve before the Final Battle, Lady Kathryn sent for us to pick up Dargo and I brought Rachel along. Of course, she knew her immediately. She said she knew she may not be coming back and asked me to take care of Rachel for her." Mikael stared at the ground. "I’m worried the hit contract on Lady Kathryn may put Rachel in danger. I don’t think I should tell anyone that she’s Lady Kathryn’s daughter."
Lanclor resumed his walk, trying to decide the best course of action. Rachel would be safer if everyone thought she belonged to Mikael. Rachel deserved recognition for Kate’s achievements, though. That honor could pave her way into the Guilds or Orders. "I think for now, you should leave things as is, but when Rachel gets old enough to defend herself, you should give her the option of that claim."
"Fair enough. I’ll talk to her about it so she understands. I have to get back to the house to see her before my shift. I’ll see you at the ceremony tomorrow?"
"Sure. I wouldn’t miss it." Lanclor grimaced beneath his helmet. He dreaded the ceremony. His thoughts turned back to Kate and Rachel. The day before the battle, she found her daughter. Days before that, her dog. Oh wait, her dog?
"Mikael, has anyone checked on Dargo?"
"Not that I know of. I can pick him up and bring him over to the house. Rachel will appreciate the company. Be safe, Sir Lanclor."
"Be safe, Mikael."

Lanclor sat upon the battlements, facing the courtyard and the merriment below. The victory feast was a time to celebrate the end of the Daemon War and honor those who had fallen. Multi-colored torches lit the courtyard and the music could be heard for miles. The light didn’t reach him on his perch and his black armor blended with the darkness. He wasn’t in the mood to celebrate. Too many knights had fallen to justify the festive air below.
He couldn’t stop thinking about Laktalin. He had been the first horse Lanclor had ever broken on his own, the only horse who was solely his, for he wouldn’t let anyone else mount him. Lanclor should have done everything he could to prevent his death stroke. If he had, Lady Kathryn would be here with them celebrating the victory. 
Lanclor had known what would happen from the Last Battle Sight, yet he couldn’t prevent it. There must have been something he could have done. Something they hadn’t thought of that would have won the battle, yet had a lower price. 
Something. 
Anything. 
How could this happen to him? Was the Curse not enough? Was the disdain of the people not a suitable punishment? The Goddess ripped everyone away from him as well. Marrilynn, Sera, Laktalin, Lady Kathryn. 
Lady Kathryn.
He thought his absence would go unnoticed, but Hal soon found him and took a seat beside him on the cold stone. 
"I thought you of all people, Sir Lanclor, would want to celebrate the victory and honor the dead." His question hung in the air, refusing to dissipate. Lanclor remained silent.
"I can’t blame you, I suppose. I don’t understand why anyone would want to honor the fallen with a celebration of the battle. On Earth, we would celebrate the victory after honoring the dead in a separate and solemn gathering. We’d find a way to honor their deaths, probably with some type of memorial." 
Lanclor could feel Hal’s eyes on him, waiting for some type of response. He didn’t know what to say, so remained silent. 
"I wanted to know if you’d help me with a memorial I’d like to build. I talked to Elena, one of the servants, and she talked me into building a fountain in the market square. It would be a memorial for the knights who fell in the Last Battle. It would be a likeness of Lady Kathryn."
Lanclor held his breath as renewed anguish and guilt overwhelmed him. She was gone. He didn’t know if it would be right to have her likeness on a memorial for those who had fallen, but the people of Av’lor considered her the Hero of the Last Battle, so he guessed it would be appropriate. Hal wanting his help surprised him. It seemed Hal would be the best person to create it, as he was the person closest to Lady Kathryn. 
"I’d be honored to help you with the memorial, although I’m not sure what I would bring to the endeavor." Lanclor refused to look Hal in the eye.
"You were one of the last people to speak to her before she left. I was hoping you could help me come up with a pose for the statue, one that represents her mindset at the time. You’re also the one who spent the most time with her these past six months. Well, you and Artemis. Does Artemis even know what happened?" 
Lanclor had forgotten about Artemis. How would she know unless someone went into the stable and told her? She may have overheard the other knights, but maybe not. "I’ll go down right now and speak with her. I’ll think about the memorial. Be safe, Hal."
"Be safe, Sir Lanclor." Hal remained seated as Lanclor rose to his feet and leapt from the ledge. 
He flew as high as he needed to avoid the eyes of the crowd below. Luckily, the knight stable was on the quiet end of the courtyard. He landed and entered the stable, walking to the last stall on the left and peering inside. Artemis lay in the farthest corner of the stall, her head facing away from him. Worried, he entered the stall and went over to her.
You don’t need to tell me. I already know, her words whispered in his mind. I overheard some of the other knights talking about it this morning. I know you didn’t intentionally forget about me. You had other things on your mind. She turned her head and gazed at him with her intelligent brown eyes. 
He knelt upon the floor beside her and reached out to stroke her muzzle. They enjoyed each other’s company in silence until after the Victory celebration ended. "We’ll go riding every evening the hour before sunset. We’ll get through this," he told Artemis.

Hal had her entire body sculpted, but her face remained uncarved. Her wings were at rest, yet slightly lifted to show readiness. She stood straight with her hands upon the pommel of her sword point down upon the stone. He had sculpted her in full armor, but left her helmet less. He stood there for quite some time before he noticed Lanclor standing with his arms on his hips, gazing upon the unfinished statue.
"It seems to be missing something," Lanclor said in a neutral voice. 
"Ha, ha, very funny." Hal gave him a sour look, and then resumed his pointless staring at Lady Kathryn’s featureless head. "I want to make her helmet less, but I don’t know which emotion to depict. I can’t show anger, because she never got very angry unless she was arguing with you." Hal gave him a quick smile and continued before Lanclor decided to walk away. "I don’t want to show her as serene. I don’t think she was feeling calm at that point. I just can’t imagine what she was feeling."
"She felt great sadness. Yet, she was determined to fight, no matter what the price. She had nothing but hope to guide her." Lanclor turned and walked away, his work complete. He heard Hal begin the spells to carve her face.
Chapter 49

Today was another day of discovery. A day to discover the true souls of men and their capacity for evil. Six months after the Last Battle, Lanclor accepted the fact that he’d never be warm. The winter cycles arrived with freezing temperatures and a heavy snowfall. He ruffled his wings to remove the ice and prayed his armor would thaw before he had to fly back to the castle.
On a routine patrol in the North, Lanclor’s squad came across a small village stripped of life. In the town center, they had found two sets of footprints between the slaughtered women and children and the men tied to poles to watch. When they had questioned the men, the men had blamed the village elder’s sons who hadn’t spoken to anyone for days before they had committed the slaughter. 
Lanclor stood outside the pub, waiting until the Royal Guard arrived to escort the elder’s sons back to the castle for justice. They were taking their sweet time.
Commander Warren himself arrived in front of two squads of Royal Guardsmen.
"Commander Warren, we have one hell of a mess here." Lanclor saluted and gestured to the village square. "We’re due back to the castle for the Council meeting, so we don’t have time to take care of it."
"Council meeting. Unnecessary waste of time. With all of the Changed Men we’ve been dealing with, how they could even consider disbanding the Knighthood is beyond me. The Royal Guard is out of its league with this, Sir Lanclor, and the Council hasn’t got a clue." Warren brushed the snow off his shoulders.
"Regardless, I have to be there to back up Lord Alextor. Be safe, Commander Warren."
"Be safe, Sir Lanclor."

Shortly after returning to the castle, Lanclor found himself pushed up against the outer wall to avoid the roaring crowd. The sound reminded him of the Floalkel falls during the spring thaw. How the Council could ignore this warning amazed him. Peasants on the verge of revolt could ignite at any minute and disbanding the Knighthood—the only order capable of assisting the Royal Guardsmen—was suicide.
The Council’s ruling tonight would also decide if the peasants needed permission to practice any magic, not just healing. Each person had to justify to the Council why he should use magic. Money usually changed hands, so only the wealthy obtained approval. 
Sir Lanclor edged along the wall touching the shoulders of the peasants as he went to urge them out of his way. Their heads would whip around, insults upon their tongues until they took in his armor and wings. Shy smiles greeted him as they slid out of his way. He may not have the respect of the Council, but Sir Lanclor had the respect of the people. 
A short while later, he slipped into the back of the main hall as the head Councilman rose in his chair to deliver the verdicts. He was a thin man swimming in blue velvet robes and arrogance. 
"After numerous incidents of magical assaults and deaths, it is the decision of the Council that every resident will hereby petition their Council representative for permission to perform magic. For those found practicing magic without permission, the Council has the right to seize part of their livestock or crops as restitution."
Lanclor saw a small boy slip out the door of the chamber. The volume of the crowd outside increased, but the Councilman continued to speak.
"In regards to the future of the Knighthood, further review is required to justify the need for a military force during peacetime. Until the Council makes that decision, the knights will continue their patrols to eradicate the remaining Daemons and to assist the Royal Guard."
Lanclor sighed in relief. While it may be temporary, he still had a job to do. As his hand reached for the door, he paused long enough to catch the Councilman’s last words.
"Recruitment into the Knighthood shall cease until the Council reaches its decision."
He glanced back in shock. The Council just declared that the peasants no longer had the option to escape their stations and join the Knighthood. Shaking his head, Lanclor fled through the door and leapt into the sky over the heads of the furious mob. As he flew higher, he saw fires bloom amid the Council district. He made his way to the market district.
The half moons were just rising when he approached the middle of the dark and empty town square; the only sound that of the large fountain at its center. The rectangular fountain cradled the large statue standing in its middle upon a flat, upraised mound of black memory stone. The statue itself made of white memory stone mirrored Lady Kathryn. 
She stood with her wings slightly upraised, her sword point-down on the black rock, and her hands resting upon the pommel. Her detailed white armor revealed a slight dent upon her shoulder received before the Final Battle, courtesy of Sir Hal’s hand-to-hand ability. The most shocking part of the statue, her helmet-less head, bowed in sorrow with her eyes partially closed. Her face held such loss and sadness, but the stubborn set of her jaw revealed her determination to continue the fight. 
The townsfolk saw her as a person without her helmet, not the faceless strangers the knights had come to represent. She’d already had a reputation for being polite to peasants and servants alike. The fact that she had ended the Daemon War with her sacrifice made her practically immortal in the minds of Av’lor. 
Upon completion of the statue, most of the Knighthood chose to go helmet-less when not on duty. The decision transformed the people of Av’lor who now treated them with fondness and not just respect for armed and armored knights. Personal relationships grew among the Knighthood as the knights relaxed more, knowing the facial expressions and emotions of their colleagues. A change Lanclor never thought he would embrace, but truly appreciated as the wind blew through his hair. 
He drew his sword as he approached, stopping directly in front of her with the water twinkling in the moonlight. Placing his sword point-down, he knelt before the Hero of the Last Battle. In a low voice, he explained his worries of this awful day and the days following her disappearance. 
"It’s difficult to think of all that you sacrificed to bring peace to Av’lor. What was the cost? How are you repaid? The corruption of the Council is spreading to the militia. Sometimes, looking around at the peace you’ve bought for us, I feel only sadness. Sometimes the sheer cruelty of people can be unbearable. I don’t know how much longer I can go on as Knight-Commander. As the days move on, I feel as though I no longer make a difference. When I feel that way, I simply come here and I again have Hope."
He knelt there for quite a while in silence, listening to the sound of the water flowing around her. Knowing that he was the only one who had a reason to hope, he stood and made his way back to the castle, back to the workroom of the Knight-Commander. He hadn’t told anyone about their Joining. 
Epilogue

Lanclor awoke with a start, disoriented and alone. Pain. Unbearable pain, but not his own. Agony engulfed her entire body then faded as she lost consciousness. 
He jumped out of bed. 
"Thal'salin sar." Calling his armor, he threw open the doors to his balcony and leapt off the edge. The cold night air filled his wings. With a quiet thump, he landed before the knight stables. Hurrying past the quiet stalls toward the end of the long line of knight horses, he smiled at Artemis' nose peeking over the stall door.
What's your hurry?
Lanclor grabbed her saddle and threw open the stall door. "I sense her, she’s alive."
Artemis whinnied and perked her ears forward. You should ready the healer before you leave. She may need it. 
"Lak’oth ar’vat," he said aloud then concentrated on saddling Artemis while he Communicated with the only one he trusted to know she was alive. Master Vetera, I may need your assistance. There had been too many attempts on her life. Even after her disappearance, he sensed someone watching for her return. 
Lanclor heard about people asking questions in the shadows of the taverns, money changing hands for any news about her. The whispers on the street said there were rewards for her, dead or alive. The vast majority of the world believed her a hero. All knew of her sacrifice to destroy the Daemon gate. Seven months of peace had followed, a rare treasure in the violent realm of Av’lor.
Master Vetera slowly responded. Sir Lanclor? What time is it? 
Lanclor must have woken him from a sound sleep, something healers seldom experienced. I’m sorry to wake you Vetera, but I need you to go to my mother’s house immediately. Tell her I told you to meet me there. You may go there openly, but I will need you to figure out a way to smuggle my mother out of the house without anyone knowing. Lanclor led Artemis from the stable into the torch lit courtyard. I will need a safe place for her for a while. I need everyone to believe she’s sick and you’re caring for her. I trust only you, so please come alone. I will explain everything when I return shortly.
I understand Sir Lanclor. I know just the place your mother can stay in safety. Be safe, Sir Lanclor.
Be safe, Master Vetera. Lanclor mounted Artemis and they galloped toward the south gate. The militia barred the gates at night, even with the Daemon War over. Orcs were still a problem, but the militia allowed men and women to come and go as they pleased. If someone reported an orc attack, the militia opened the gates to admit the village below, a refuge against the horror. The gate guards saw his approach and opened the gate without a word. All knew the Knight-Commander had many duties and nobody questioned him being up at this late hour.
They made their way over the frozen mud, the full moons lighting their way through the sleeping village. Artemis trotted out the last guard gate as the village militia closed it behind them. The night animals were quiet. Something had silenced them and it made him nervous. He rode for a full mile before he sensed her in the woods beside him. Dismounting, he eyed the thicket beneath the trees. A mount would never make it through that wall of branches and brush.
Pulling his wings tight against his body, he trudged through the low snow bank lining the road and into the trees. Using his armored arms and legs to plow everything aside, branches scraped his breastplate and whipped against his helmet. He walked for some time before he came upon the clearing. Snow ringed the blackened brush and trees revealing the site of a small battle. 
About fifty Daemons lay in a semi-circle around what remained of a wooden gate. The gate, a tumble of scarred black boards, still smoldered with a powerful fire spell. He waded through the Daemon corpses searching for some sign of her in the light of the full moons. The crunching of charred talons beneath his boots brought the smell of burnt flesh to his nose. Lanclor heard a flutter of wings to his left and paused. Drawing his sword, he scanned the clearing. The abrupt sound of an owl hooting calmed his nerves. He glanced down toward the corpses and frowned.
Everywhere he looked, rage or pain contorted the Daemon faces. He feared he wouldn’t find her in time and she would join their silent hell, sleeping amongst the creatures she had sacrificed herself to destroy. He continued on, ignoring the death around him. A shimmer of moonlight upon metal drew his attention closer to the gate. 
Lanclor knelt, brushing away soot to reveal a sword, much used, with runes lining the blue steel of its blade. Close to the hilt, blackened armor enclosed a small hand. Lady Kathryn lay on her right side, her right arm extended toward her sword, her left held a severed Daemon hand against her chest. The Daemon hand held a large black stone lined with alien runes lit from within by an orange glow. Her once white armor, blackened with soot, showed several tears where a Daemon blade had ripped it open to strike the flesh below. 
What were left of her wings were jagged bones and broken feathers. One was significantly longer than the other. Her chest rose with her shallow breath, the only sign that she yet clung to life. A line of blood trickled out of the bottom of her helmet.
"Mel'ati sel'anthia. A'lath ent'yart sel'anthia." Lanclor cast a physical shield and an invisibility spell around them, enclosing them in a bubble of protection against any approaching enemies. 
"Mel'int ent'bel'ak." He bent to inspect her, assessing how many spells he would need to sustain her while he moved her to safety. Closing his eyes, he viewed her body in his mind's eye, clenching his jaw at the damage. Infected wounds lined her neck and back. Pus just beneath the surface of her mutilated wings leaked onto the ground. Her fractured ribs made every breath a challenge, but the damage to her liver concerned him most. 
She wouldn't survive long without help. He sensed her exhaustion, her magic most likely drained in her destruction of the gate. If he didn't do something fast, she wouldn’t survive another hour.
Looking down upon the Hero of the Last Battle, he knew what he had to do and placed his hand upon her shoulder. "Lak'oth lenk'enterun ent'me'unt lak'oth." He Linked with her, giving her as much strength as he could without draining himself too much to reach the safety of the village. 
There was a terrible risk in Linking with another, but he was willing to risk his life to see her to safety. Without her, the Daemons would have killed everyone and gained access to the portal to Earth. He retrieved her sword and scraped the drying blood off its blade with a cloth from his pouch, and then placed it through the extra loop near his own sword after seeing no sign of her scabbard. 
"Thal'salin sar." He called a brown leather bag from his workroom and pulled the severed Daemon hand from her grip. Placing it in the bag, he wrinkled his nose at the smell and looped the bag's cord around his hilt. 
Lanclor bent and gently picked her up, noting how light she felt in his arms as he rose to his feet. Her head leaning against his shoulder, he bent his legs and launched himself into the air with a vigorous beating of his wings. He could only maintain flight in his current state for a short time, but the amount of time it saved him by flying over the trees instead of walking through them could mean the difference between life and death for Lady Kathryn.
They landed upon Artemis' back, Lanclor's burden still unaware of the world around her. Artemis broke into a smooth, but brisk walk back toward the castle without any command from his legs. That mile seemed to stretch on for eternity as he felt Lady Kathryn lie motionless in his arms, the Link keeping her fatal wounds at bay. He knew once Master Vetera started, Lanclor would need to sustain her with his strength while the healer treated the worst of her wounds.
For months, he had tortured himself with blame and self-pity, always thinking there was something else he could have done. As the knights around him accepted her death and wrote the histories, he alone knew that she hadn't perished. The Join spell made him aware of her existence, but he had no idea where she was or what she felt most of the time. He would occasionally feel an irrational fear in the back of his mind, but he had learned to dismiss this as separate from himself. 
As the fifth month of her disappearance had approached, he had begun to doubt his sanity. Hal and the other knights around him had known something bothered him, but he couldn't bring himself to tell anyone about their Joining, fearing it had only occurred in his dreams and that Lady Kathryn was truly dead. He now knew the reason behind the Joining. 
Lady Kathryn had known she would need him. She had asked his forgiveness for doing it, although he had believed she apologized for sacrificing herself. Until this moment, he hadn’t realized she asked forgiveness for her forcing him to endure the Joining—something he hadn’t realized until now had saved him. If he had believed that Lady Kathryn had perished in the Last Battle, he didn't think he would have remained in the Knighthood. 
In truth, he did blame himself for everything she had endured. He had attacked the Daemons and failed to stop the thrust of the spear that had killed his charger, leaving him helpless beneath his horse's body. Lady Kathryn had warned him about the events, but he had done nothing to stop them.
They finally reached the gate of the village. He Communicated to the Militia to open the gates, giving them the necessary password. The militia had encountered him using the invisibility spell before, so they did not question his command to close the gate once they were through. They went a short distance down the main road before turning north onto a narrow road in the residential area. He carefully dismounted in front of a high gate, opened it, and led Artemis into the courtyard of his childhood, closing the well-oiled gate behind them. 
As they walked through the courtyard, he felt the protection spells pass over him, allowing a son of this house to enter unchallenged. Artemis headed toward the familiar stables as he headed for the entrance to the main hall, releasing his invisibility and physical shields with safety now around them. 
The door opened with a quiet Master Vetera looking at him expectantly. Vetera hid his surprise and motioned him inside toward one of the spare bedrooms. Lanclor went down a short hall where he set Lady Kathryn on her side upon a freshly lined bed. He walked around the bed and stood behind her out of Master Vetera's way.
Without a word, the Master Healer leaned over the bed and placed his hand upon Lady Kathryn’s head. "Mel'int ent'bel'ak," he assessed her injuries and his eyes widened in surprise. 
"Are you mad? She is close to death, yet you are still Linked with her? You know the consequences of her death if you're still Linked. We can’t afford to lose you." 
"I know the risks. I…we…will not lose her again." Lanclor clenched his hands. "How bad is she? Do you think you can save her?"
"I don’t know. There are significant injuries, with some scarring as old as six months. The older wounds have worn the body down enough where it is having trouble repairing itself. Prepare yourself. Once I start the healing, she’ll start drawing strength from you whether you will it or not."
Lanclor nodded to Vetera and clenched his fists.
"Lak'oth ent'me'unt," Vetera released the healing spell.
Lanclor felt her body instinctively draw strength from his. Dropping to his knees, he remained by Kathryn's side as Master Vetera worked his magic. Sweat rolled down Vetera's forehead, down his nose and dripped onto Kathryn's filthy shoulder, creating a circle of gray. 
Lanclor struggled to remain upright. Vetera reached behind Kathryn and unclasped her breastplate. The armor separated around her wings and he eased it under her still form. Lanclor gasped at the red wound that stretched down her neck and across her back along the line of her severed wings. Her helmet hid the beginning of the wound. The smell of infection was far from subtle.
Her attempt to cauterize the injury left parts of the wound charred. Pus dripped from the ends of her wings onto the crisp sheets of the bed. Lanclor felt tears roll down his cheeks and fall onto his forearms, now gripping the side of the bed. What was left of the once-white padded shirt beneath her armor was yellow with sweat and spotted black with blood. 
One spot continued to grow around a small slice to the left side of her back, just below her wing. Vetera's hand reached around and covered the slice. After a few minutes, his hand moved away and the spot no longer grew. The healer's hands inched along the infected wound running down her back. Lanclor saw the infection seep through his fingers as he moved them, leaving a wide pink scar behind. 
The healer’s hands rose to her left wing from the base to the severed tip pushing pus streaked with red ahead of them. The mixture fell over the side of the bed onto the floor. As Lanclor stared at the puddle, another pool formed next to it with a lesser amount of blood. He clenched his jaw in an attempt not to vomit at the sour smell. 
He sensed Vetera's hands move away and Lanclor’s eyes rose and stared at the horrific scar lining her smooth back. The infection prevented the wound from disappearing. She would bear the scars of her ordeal for the rest of her life. Lanclor had scars of his own and nothing could blemish Kathryn's beauty in his eyes, but he knew she would need time to get used to her visual imperfections. 
Master Vetera rested his hands upon her head and bowed over her for what seemed like an eternity. The smell of blood and infection were now an afterthought as Lanclor’s arms trembled with the strain of holding himself up. He felt Lady Kathryn’s pull lessen and he leaned to the side, slumping over in exhaustion. 
"She will live," Master Vetera uttered and placed his hand upon Lanclor's shoulder. 
Lanclor sighed in relief before losing consciousness.
Sneak peek of GATE, book two of The Knights of Av'lor:
Sir Lanclor, the Knight-Commander of the knights of Av’lor, lay upon the stone floor of his childhood home. Not far from his head, remnants of the blood and pus from last night’s healing dried upon the floor. He wrinkled his nose and grabbed the edge of the bed. As he pulled himself to his knees, they popped in protest. The empty bed held no answers. 
The sheets, coated with soot and blood, reminded him of Lady Kathryn’s battle to stay alive. Her breastplate lay in the far corner; its once-white finish coated with grime and dried blood with gashes from her time on the Daemon home world. A muffled yell from the next room brought him to his feet and sent him running into the hall.
Master Vetera, the master healer for the knighthood, cradled the front of his head with his hand as he backed out of the other room into the hallway. His gray wings stood out straight behind him and gradually flattened as he backed against the wall.
"You’re safe now, Lady Kathryn. It’s me, Master Vetera, the healer. I won’t hurt you." Master Vetera made no move to re-enter the room. He noticed Lanclor and motioned for him to join his side. "Sir Lanclor, something’s wrong. I checked her dressing, and she hit me when she startled awake. I don’t think she recognizes me or knows where she is. She’s crouching in the corner, talking to herself. Maybe you can get through to her."
"I don’t know what she’s been through these last seven months, but I doubt she’s had much human contact. We healed her body but not her mind." Sir Lanclor grabbed Vetera’s arm and pulled him out of sight of the door. "Fall back to the other room and take care of that head wound. I’ll see what I can do."
Vetera nodded and retreated down the hall. Waves of confusion, fear and despair rolled out of the room, settling into Lanclor’s mind. His Joining with Kathryn allowed him to sense her whereabouts and emotions, as well as the state of her body. The ache of the wound stretching from her head around to her back would take weeks to fade. Master Vetera considered it safest to let it heal the rest of the way on its own. Lanclor wasn’t so sure about that.
He took a cautious step to the door and looked into the room. The light globe near the bed outshone the dancing light of the fire in the hearth. Vetera must have needed the light globe to change her dressing. It took him a few seconds to locate her in the shadowed corner of the room. She held her sword at the ready while flames danced along its blade.
"You’re a big bastard, aren’t ya? We’ll take care of you soon enough." Her clipped tone didn’t sound right.
He hadn’t seen magic integrated with a weapon before, although he’d read about it. Her use of "we" concerned him. If she Bore someone and he’d taken control of her body, Kathryn might never surface again, but the fact that she hadn't killed Vetera meant she was still somewhat in control. Lanclor wouldn’t live for much longer unless he could show her he wasn’t a threat.
Lanclor lowered his wings and eased the clasps of his black armor. In slow movements, he removed his armor until he stood before her in his shirt and pants. After a slight hesitation, he removed his shirt so she could not mistake him for anything other than human. 
"Lady Kathryn, it’s me, Matthis." He used his birth name to remind her of their history together. "You’re safe in my mother’s house. Master Vetera healed your wounds after I found you near a gate in the woods with a bunch of dead Daemons. I’m here to help you." He knelt upon the floor to make himself smaller and less intimidating.
"Synthakla, she knows this one." The flames along her sword dampened. "Jakob, are you sure?" The sword quivered in Kathryn’s hand, then fell to the floor. "Goddamnit! Get out of my fucking head!" She wrapped her hands around the back of her brown hair and curled up into a ball in the corner. The stubs of her severed wings rocked back and forth with her muffled sobs.
Lanclor crawled toward her upon his hands and knees, sliding her sword out of her reach before stopping an arm's length away. "Lady Kathryn…Kate…it’s going to be all right. You’re back on Av’lor. Let me help you." He reached out and gently touched her shoulder.
"No!" 
As her anger overrode his senses, her arm knocked his hand away and he felt the bone of his wrist snap. Cradling his sword hand against his body, he managed to look at her just as her other hand made a pushing motion toward his chest. His body flew backward and the ends of his wings broke against the sides of the doorframe before his back hit the wall of the hallway. 
As he slumped against the wall, pain coursed through him. He glanced up, watching Lady Kathryn’s approach. Her eyes, once a gentle gray, flared with madness. Now within striking distance, she stretched her sword arm back to lunge. Lanclor didn’t delude himself into thinking she wouldn’t follow through. He pushed himself to the side with all of his might. 
Lanclor’s scream of agony overrode the screech of her sword as it drove into the stone wall through his wing. With his wing pinned to the wall, he knew he wouldn’t survive. Kate had enough magic to incinerate him without losing stride, and he could do nothing but wait for the inevitable.
"You know, Synthakla, he didn’t resist very much. I don’t think he’s a threat." Lady Kathryn gripped the hilt of the sword, seeming unsure if she wanted to pry it out of the wall. "Silence, Jakob! I will make that judgment." She looked his way, and he felt the power gathering around her. 
"Synthakla! Jakob! Stop this immediately. Lady Kathryn is no longer in danger and your insistence upon using her body in its exhausted state will kill her." A commanding voice echoed down the hallway. A tall woman with a regal bearing stood with her hands upon her hips, glaring at Kate. Lanclor’s heart sank.
Lady Kathryn whipped around, and Lanclor felt the power continue to gather.
"Did you hear what I said, you fools? You’re killing the person you’re trying to protect. Remember your oaths and release her body to sleep at once, or so help me, I will make sure nobody Bears you for centuries to come."
The power faded, and Kate braced herself against the wall. She turned his way, tears streaming from her eyes just before she collapsed to the floor. 
"Matthis, by the Goddess, let me help get that sword out of your wing." His mother stepped around Kate and positioned herself in front of the sword. Gripping the hilt with both hands, she attempted to pull the sword from the wall without success. She glanced at Lanclor. "I don’t know how she got it in here. It shouldn’t be possible."
"I think she imbued magic into her sword." Lanclor rose to a crouch with as little movement to his wing as possible. "She’s the only one who can pull it out, and I can’t wait for her to recover from her exhaustion."
"What do you mean—?"
Lanclor screamed as he forced his wing down, severing the upper half. The woman scrambled to staunch the bleeding with the hem of her healer’s robe. 
"Damnit, Matthis, you could have let me get some cloth ready rather than forcing me to use my best robe!" 
Lanclor clenched his teeth, refusing to acknowledge her. He'd told Vetera to make sure she was out of the house. He should have known the stubborn woman wouldn’t leave. "You’re not supposed to be here," he growled under his breath.
She pressed harder against his wound, making him clench his teeth. "This is my home. I will not be told to leave, even by you. If it weren’t for me, you’d be dead now, so stop complaining."
"I don’t understand. How did you know what to say to her?" 
"I’ve dealt with a Soulbearer through the delirium of a fever. You’ve almost killed me on occasion, although I doubt you’d remember." She avoided his gaze, staring at his partially severed wing.
"I—I’d remember—"
"No, you wouldn’t remember. I pray that Lady Kathryn won’t remember either. If she knew she kicked her commanding officer’s ass, she might decide to take over the knighthood. I’m sure she’d do a great job, but then you’d have to move back in here, and I don’t have the resources to feed you anymore." Her voice softened. "They attacked you because you’re male, you know. They perceive any male as more powerful than Lady Kathryn in her current state. Now, hold still and let me get started on healing your wing. We’ll take care of the rest of you after that."

###

From the author: 

Thank you for reading Hope! 

If you enjoyed this story, please show your support by leaving a review. Your review could help other readers discover the world of Av'lor!

I'd love to hear your feedback, positive or negative, via email at sam.rook.author@gmail.com. Please visit my website, http://samrook.com, to learn more about upcoming books.

