

Hotter On The Edge
An Anthology of Science Fiction Romance Novellas



By
Erin Kellison
KC Klein
Jessa Slade




HOTTER ON THE EDGE
An Anthology of Science Fiction Romance Novellas

Smashwords Edition 2.0
Copyright © 2012 by Erin Kellison, KC Klein and Jessa Slade
"All That Glitters" Copyright © 2012 by Erin Kellison
"To Buy a Wife" Copyright © 2012 by KC Klein
"Enslaved by Starlight" Copyright © 2012 by Jessa Slade

Cover design By Jessa Slade
Cover image By Cura Photography

"All that Glitters" edited by Carrie Smoot
"To Buy a Wife" edited by Cathleen Ross
"Enslaved by Starlight" edited by Patricia Thomas

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as factual. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved under International and Pan-American Copyright Conventions. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be scanned, reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the authors.




Table of Contents
ALL THAT GLITTERS by Erin Kellison
TO BUY A WIFE by KC Klein
ENSLAVED BY STARLIGHT by Jessa Slade
Thank You
More books from Erin Kellison
More books from KC Klein
More books from Jessa Slade
Acknowledgments
ALL THAT GLITTERS


Erin Kellison




Chapter One


A sleek, silver bird glinted over the dense, fog-covered growth of King's Valley. It cleared the blunted peak of the inactive volcano, better known as the Eye, and then flew the easy, canopy-clear route down the stoic Tear, a winter-dry riverbed that cut through the land and only welled to crying during the spring thaw.
"Here," Simon commanded, lifting his ocular to get a closer look at the ship. His breath gasped white in the cold air, but his nerves burned with anticipation. Finally, a reckoning.
The ship appeared to be a dragon flyer—a sleek, luxury spacecraft and therefore overkill for his purposes—but he wasn't about to complain about an even bigger payday. Ten thousand pax, minimum, in addition to the haul for which the flyer would be used. 
Jace knelt next to him, a boom cannon propped on his shoulder, ready.
"Pretty little ship," Jace said.
Simon wondered about its occupants. Had to be another wedding guest for the Love Match of the Millennium! now swelling Sol City with corp aristocracy, cluster dignitaries, and celebrities. The excitement was followed everywhere throughout the sector, including Simon's burrow deep inside the mountain mines. The lovers, Pilar Sol and Hakan Frust, heir to the Frust Corp holdings, had been caught during a tryst. At the media's sudden (and convenient) intrusion, buck-naked Hakan protected lovely Pilar's modesty by artfully posing for a ravenous public who wanted a fairy tale, and all the melodrama that went with it. A woman must have come up with the scheme.
Probably Pilar Sol herself. Maybe her viper of a mother. The Sols believed everything revolved around them.
The dragon flyer's passenger was either late for the family functions, or only invited to the public ones. No escort, which suggested the latter. Someone wealthy, but not looked after. Possibly not expected. And too far from the city wall, some 80 km due west, to expect immediate aid from the call for help. At least, not before Simon and his crew got there.
"In one piece, please." Simon swatted at a razor bug lunching on his neck.
"That's not entirely up to me," Jace returned. "The pilot will have to cooperate." But he hunkered into his aim.
Simon stepped away from the mountain's outcropping. A shockwave of boom fire shuddered his bones, the warp of sound rippling through the air toward the dragon flyer. A cold ache in his muscles followed, and loose pebbles and dirt slid down the peaks and onto his hair and shoulders. He pulled hard at the oxy plugged into his nose to keep himself steady.
Jace snorted to clear his plugs, too.
Impact. The dragon listed sharply to the side, nose dropping at an ugly angle, tail flashing its feathers of fire as the engines flamed out.
"Nice," Simon told Jace. On his comm link, he cued Otis, who was on the ground waiting for word. "Flyer coming down on the Tear."
"Oi," O replied.
The dragon spun in the air, once, twice, still pointed downward to crashing death. Seconds to pull up. Simon's heart went thud thud, but he gritted his teeth to take it. No going back now. Gods, where were the ship's fail-safes? This close to the ground, landing should have been simple.
"Come on," he urged. He had enough blood on his hands.
"Not my fault," Jace said, standing. He lowered the still-humming weapon to his side.
The dragon finally flattened its earthbound careen, altering its course from the smooth safety of the Tear channel to burn along the treetops for a click. The canopy swallowed the ship without a sound.
Gutsy move. Took nerve for the pilot to chance an alien jungle rather than a safe landing on the Tear, where his net worth would keep him alive. If that flyer brought cash, then its passengers would bring in more. More trouble too, but Simon could be cheerful about that, as long as at the end of all this he was far, far away from Sol.
No smoke—a good sign for Simon's purposes. The ship should be intact.
The razor bug was back, with sharp friends. Simon swatted again, but the welts were already rising.
"Looks like we're going into the green instead," O said.
"Looks like," Simon returned, then added, "Make sure to bring breathers for our guests."
Natives had nose plugs to increase O2 intake, but these off-worlders clearly thought that they could survive on any terraformed planet.
Not this one.

***

Mica Sol had her bare foot on the main telemetry console, tongue between her teeth, her steady hand applying a coat of scorching magenta to her third toenail. A small atmospheric bump jarred her. She cursed, scraped at the smudge, and then leaned backward to view the sim projection of her flyer's dip into the Tear—yeah, all good—and went on to piggy number four.
Something she'd eaten during her fieldwork on Encantada had turned her nails corpse gray, so a little cover-up was necessary. Pilar, their mom, and some woman they'd hired to dress the family had warned her that from the moment she arrived, all eyes would be on the unmarried big sister. She'd been touted as the intellectual, hardy one, with accompanying images that made her look like a huffing, dirt-grubbing troll. What of it? She'd been four years into the survey at the time and had settled deep into her dirt. At least they hadn't captured and transmitted her smell to the masses.
Damn Pilar. Yes, there were showers on the transport, at the dock, and on the flyer. And yes, Mica had availed herself of their use at each stage of her journey home. She'd even bought some clothes.
The pinkie toe, and…done. She might be presentable after all.
A warped, rushing noise brought her head around again.
A burst of black light blanked her vision. Pain spiked her temple. The floor grates were suddenly under her hands, so she must have fallen.
She found the seat of the pilot's chair and hauled herself up, deadlights floating in her vision. Her heartbeat was wild. Magenta nail polish splattered the console like glossy blood, its chemical scent triggering the gorge in her throat. Her dragon careened. The sky was absent, replaced by the dry channel of the Tear spiraling toward her.
Terror shocked her cold.
A boom. Had to be. The dragon's system plasma had curdled.
The neuro, or brain of her dragon, had already reidentified the horizon line, though the line vectors still spun on the main screen, calculations rapidly changing. The boosters fired to level and land.
Only one group on Sol was this ruthless—scavengers. What they'd done to her great-aunt Maya still gave her nightmares. But they were the only ones who'd have this kind of weapon. Who'd dare to have one. Possession of a boom cannon was a death sentence. Which meant—adrenaline surged in one hot flush—she could not land on the Tear, which would be ship safe, but fatal otherwise. Her fear condensed into a single, nerve-snapping course of action.
She slapped the console to override the ship's safety and put her hand on the tremble to redirect the landing.
The canopy, where she'd at least have a chance. She'd cut her teeth exploring this jungle before finding other, more alien terrain off-world. She could handle this. Nevertheless, her sudden sweat turned icy.
She headed for the trees. Those branches were pliable. Would give before breaking. Would protect themselves from damage, as they did through the long, cold months of stasis. And therefore would not rip the flyer apart, either. She hoped.
Her view of the trees went from a green and brown mottled blanket of color to individual, sharply delineated leaves. Branches reached like spindly hands to grab the flyer out of the air.
She braced through the whipping screech of her flyer's descent. Growth everywhere. She was tossed to the ceiling. Slammed into it. Her shoulder screamed. Then she shot down to the floor again. The ship collided with a trunk and whipped to the side, before settling, too quiet, mid-cartwheel.
Mica gritted her teeth and swallowed her vomit.
Move. They'd be coming.
If she died, then her pride had killed her. She'd wanted to avoid the blitz of exposure when she arrived in Sol City, so at the dock, she'd escaped the escort her parents had sent to accompany her home, had jammed her signal—a neat trick she'd used before to escape her family—and had taken the southern route.
Why had the scavengers moved here from their more hospitable western plains?
The answer had to be the wedding. Everyone was taking advantage of the gathering of wealth and power. For the next week, Sol was the center of the universe.
Communications were offline. Booms knocked everything out. But if she moved quickly, maybe her stupidity at flying solo would be mitigated by her superior survival skills.
The ship had settled vertically, making escape a climb. And her shoulder already hurt.
Mica locked her jaw and reached, threading her fingers through the gaps in the grate. She heaved her weight up by fingers and toes, the neuro dropping below her. Sweat dripped down her back and between her breasts. Pain radiated through her arm—pinched a nerve there, which would add to today's fun. Arriving at the ship's neck, she rested on the wall, now the floor. Her survey pack was in her quarters, too far to fetch. That's where her shoes were, too. And proper clothing to keep out the cold, dirt, and parasites.
Mica grabbed for the aft hatch's emergency release, dangling for a moment, while the panels shifted to open. A cubby alongside contained a standard-issue red survival pack. Red for emergency. Red for find-me-too-fast-and-easy.
She gripped the shoulder strap in her teeth, tasted bitter, and pushed onto the hull. The air was frigid, but above freezing. Branches grasped the ship. Leaves waved at her every shift of weight.
One breath of Sol air, and her heart was already pounding hard. Not enough O2. Years ago, she'd been able to last twenty minutes before stars poked into her sight. But she'd been taking supplements then.
The survival pack. She ripped the seal with her good hand and her teeth. Found the breather.
A drum beat on the hull and Mica whipped her attention up. A hexapedal monkey had dropped onto the flyer, intent on her. She knew the trinomial. Solus cebus nimravorus.
Mica stared at him while she put the breather's plugs up her nose. She inhaled deeply to quicken her reflexes.
He was a sharp-toothed capuchin, hungry during the orbital period of Sol when the subtropical jungle froze. Sol-adapted to be carnivorous. The white markings at his temples identified him as male. The rings on his tail were another Sol trait, while the structure of his face was Terran. Two years old, considering the nubs on his forehead. The six limbs were a T-forming developmental curiosity. She should write a paper on him.
The monkey loped forward, too hungry from stasis to care about their size differential. He crouched, baring his teeth. Hissed…Launched.
Mica swatted him out of the air, his tail arcing. She grabbed for it, changed his trajectory, and brought him face down on the hull. The creature, stunned, shook itself, while Mica took hold of the back of his head. Broke its neck.
Fieldwork had taught her all sorts of things.
She scanned the area while she steadied her breath. A silver light winked through the layers of canopy growth. They were coming. Could be too late already.
If she were caught, they would kill her. And they would send her head to Pilar as a wedding gift. Or something just as bad. They fought Sol with a single-minded determination that made her shiver.
 Mica swung her legs outside the door, whimpered a little at the thought of the steep fall, and then she let herself slide down the incline of the ship.
The ground came up too fast, and she rolled into the jarring landing. Her shoulder and arm hurt, but no bones broken. Already dirty again. Sorry, Pilar.
She stood, considering which direction to go. The city was due north, too far for her dismal preparedness. That left the Way Station. Could be 20 km. But it was shelter, supplies, and safe communication with the city.
Her family knew that she was supposed to be coming in today. Eventually, they'd seek her out and track her movements from the dock to where she'd ditched her escort. They'd leave no sector unsearched, if only to make sure her hair looked good for the media.
Her nails were already ruined.

***

"They're an hour ahead of us at most," Simon said over his shoulder to his crew as they finally broke through the winter dormant growth to discover the branch-striated hull of the ship. 
He slapped another razor bug and cursed. He was going to need a shot of antihistamine if this kept up much longer. They all would. His skin was already feeling numb.
The flyer hung almost vertically, grasped by branches and vines. These trees didn't give or break; they were pliable, and had played with the flyer as if it were a toy. It was typical of Sol—nothing foreign had much luck at changing anything native. Not the T-forming, not this ship. Not the people. Sol always won and left the rest to scrape along as best they could.
"Even if they have breathers," Otis said, "they're already dead." He knelt at the downturned nose to pull new plasma packs from his bag.
Simon regarded the craft. Switching the old plasma out was fairly simple. Getting the craft free of the clutches of the trees was another matter. Concealing the site during and after the process posed even more problems.
Simon grunted, his foul mood getting worse as he hacked through the brush to round the scuttled ship. The Tear would have been safe and easy—for everyone. The frond-like branches bent, with resistance, then whipped his face. Bugs buzzed all around—attracted to heat and movement. And the fracis was already blooming, brought out of winter hibernation by the warmth of the hull. The radiating heat had signaled the spring thaw to the immediate area, which meant bugs, pollen, poisonous frogs, and bone lizards—what a mess.
"Jace," Simon called. "Get inside and tell me what we've got." Let the survivors be huddled inside. Sol could give him that much.
Jace started climbing a tree. Simon caught sight of the slicer gun he had tucked into the back of his pants and felt a reservation stir. Jace liked to shoot things. But then again, he liked his share of the payout better.
Simon rounded the nose of the flyer to find a small skid of disturbed earth. A handprint there—too small for his liking. A bare footprint—feminine. Damn. If the woman didn't have a breather, they'd find the body nearby.
Simon glanced up to check Jace's progress, just in time to see him drop down on the hull. Arms pinwheeling for balance, Jace disappeared from sight to investigate.
"Yeah?" Simon shouted.
"I've got an open hatch and a dead capu. Neck's been broken."
Some rich woman killed a monkey, and then ran off barefoot? Simon closed his eyes for patience. "Inside please," he called to Jace.
In the meantime, Simon made a quick, but thorough, search of the area. Found another footprint headed east, toward the Sol City wall. It would be a very long walk, doomed to failure, if that were her destination. At least the woman had to have a breather, or he—and opportunistic pests—would've found her body by now.
He returned to the ship to find Jace dropping gear from above. Simon waved Otis away, saying "Plasma," and searched what looked like some kind of trekking pack. What the hell was it doing here, and not on the survivor's back? He dumped its contents. A crush of clothes fell out in the dust—dingy colors of well-worn grays, but feminine. Technical tools dropped on top, sampling stuff, data measures. Belatedly, a woman's scent snuck past his plugs to make his belly curl with terror, his cock harden in memory. 
No, no, no. He broke a sweat.
Among the stuff, he picked out a neon yellow ident-tag. The color made his heart suck until bursting, all sound muted but for the pounding in his ears.
Oh, please, no. The tag was a six-moon survey permit for Encantada, a cluster world at the edge of the Han System. It was the kind of tag a xenobioform engineer would need among a crew exploring a new world. He'd seen one once before. Five years ago. When she left him.
His balance faltered. Vision narrowed. The universe condensed to a name, printed above the tag code.
Mica Sol. Once his. Forever his only.
He could've killed her…
A shock of pain staggered him for a moment. He braced his hands on the ground.
No. Alive. Still alive. He hadn't killed her.
He drew on his plugs. Worked up a swallow to get his body functioning again.
And she was well enough to kill a capu before it took a bite out of her.
Damn it, Mica. A bitter laugh escaped him. She would end up here, now. He thought she'd had another year on her contract. The expense to pull her out must have been—he frowned—the expense would have been nothing to her family, especially with the wedding.
And she was fast enough to get herself out of the range of bloodthirsty scavengers. He was, in fact, seeing red.
And smart enough, brilliant even, to attempt to lead her pursuers in the direction of the city wall, when he knew very well that she wouldn't head there.
His woman would head for the Way Station—for the place they'd built together.




Chapter Two


Mica shivered as she jogged forward, her initial adrenaline-fueled panic giving way to sluggish limbs and goose bumps. Rough roots and cold-packed earth made progress quick. The dense growth, a sleeping green, made her shield her face with her arms. Her feet ached, and her toes were numb. The day's cool temperature waned with the setting sun, the sky deepening. The night's freeze would follow.
She couldn't keep up her pace. She was already stumbling. Her chattering teeth rattled her head and messed with the irregular beat of her heart.
And something was bugging her shoulder. The emergency pack. Right. She dug inside and pulled out a thermal poncho, a tiny square that unfolded into a feather-light rectangle that covered her from shoulder to mid-thigh. The silver reflective material was a safety concession she had to make. That, or start dying.
Stop.
She couldn't afford to think like that. Couldn't afford mistakes. She'd been given a test, that's all, just like her competency exams for T-forming onsite collection and research. She had a task: get to the Way Station. The obstacles were her sorry state of dress, the cold, her meager supplies, and…the very real threat of capture by scavengers.
Scavengers. Here. Now.
Of course they would be here.
What better time for them to send a message to her father than during the lavish wedding of her sister? Mica gripped her skull as the full impact of the situation hit her. Pilar's wedding was the lead ticker on all comms. Who was who. Who was wearing what. Personal slights and related corp business. A dramatic display by the scavengers would bring the sector's attention sharply to them and their plight: had the terraforming worked completely, they would have been the rulers of Sol, not the corp that had come in to mine.
Mica shivered under the poncho.
Her family had extended aid over and over again. The scavengers wouldn't take it, wouldn't acknowledge in any way what they considered the Sol family's dominion over them. Nor did they trust the off-world medics who came to treat the deformities wrought by human mothers ingesting Sol biomatter. Not even the safe rations and genetic buffers that had been dropped by remote craft. The aid was supposedly tainted by the dependence that went along with it. Sol should be theirs. Her family members were usurpers.
And Mica had seen what the scavengers had done to her father's emissaries who'd tried to convince them that a life in the mines was a good life. If she were hurt, her father would strike back, brutally, and they would retaliate, and so on and so forth.
No mistakes. This was a pass/fail scenario, in the extreme.
What next, then?
Trekking by starlight would only get her lost. Lack of sleep would weaken her. The cold would immobilize her. Some creature would finish her off.
She needed shelter for the night.
She kept up her pace to keep her blood moving as she considered her situation. What did she have to work with?
She could use the long and wide leaves of the summa tree, though it would be difficult pulling them from their branches. They were good insulators and would camouflage the structure to all but those standing very close. With the summa, she could make a pocket of warmth…which would awaken and attract predators just coming out of stasis.
The heat of any shelter would awaken and attract predators.
So no fire either, a skill she'd perfected for her comps.
She could do this, a thought at odds with the rushing sensation behind her eyes that threatened tears. She crouched to conserve the heat that was slipping out from under her poncho. Something tickled her foot, pinched. She swatted, and got a burrow spider. The spiders burrowed into the ground, but also into flesh. Even the earth under her feet was responding to her warmth—though her feet felt like blocks of ice. A thin smear of blood arched across the bridge of her foot.
She was damned at every turn.
Keep walking, then? From her crouch, she lifted her gaze to the frigid tangle of trees ahead, now darkening with the setting sun. Wait a sec…She lowered her gaze a fraction to a depression in the ground between two close-set trees, like an underground cradle, grown over with caterpillar moss. The makings of a nest. And she knew to whom it belonged.
Solus lasiorhinus xerinus.
A large wombat-like animal, herbivore, that hibernated in packs. Their Terran brown fur had developed into soft spines. The acidity and stench of their dung kept pests away during the Sol winter stasis, while insulating their nests from the cold—another Sol adaptation.
Mica eyed the mossy brown opening. Grinned.
Room for one more?

***

Simon ran his thumb over Mica's name on the ident-tag. The dragon had to be registered to her as well. Nice ride, sweetheart. Proof of her identity would be all over the craft. In about three minutes, his crew would know that they'd scored a Sol princess. There was no hiding it to protect her. Not that he would let her go free.
Because, yeah, she, of all people, could survive here. And he had no doubt that she could do it barefoot, during winter, in an environment otherwise deadly to humans. She wasn't just a daughter of a corp family; she was a daughter of this planet. She was Sol, through and through, and Sol seemed to love her back.
There was no other way. Not when his crew knew her identity. These men—criminals like himself—had no reason to go soft on the princess, not when her father had exiled them to almost certain death outside the city walls. 
"Pax!" Simon shouted. His voice was grim, but his crew wouldn't hear anything but money. The intergalactic standard currency—pax—was a misnomer just about everywhere.
O dropped the plasma and looked over from his crouch near the nose. Jace suddenly appeared above, interest alight in his eyes. How much pax did a princess go for these days? 
"Anyone opposed to hostages?" Simon asked with a huge smile while his chest burned in opposition. He knew the answer already. And this way, he could make sure she was delivered, safe and unmolested by beast or man, to Sol City.
O jerked his chin toward the ident-tag. "Who is it?"
"It's a sign." Simon flicked the tag in the air. "Mica Sol, daughter of the very wealthy Drummond and Michaela Sol, sister of Pilar Sol, the glorious bride-to-be."
O was already striding toward him. "A sign, indeed! A little more mica to add to our bounty?"
Their ultimate target, for which they needed this flyer, was Pilar's dowry, now on ostentatious display in the palace plaza. Her dowry was five hundred books of the glittering mineral that gave the Sol family their wealth, and after which they'd named their firstborn. Mica. The mineral, particularly the large uniform sheets of muscovite, was used in interstellar engines. Paper thin, flexible, resistant to heat, chemicals, and gases, mechanically stable; a stock that large was worth a fortune. And this particular stash—red mica, also known as solyite—was the most sought after variety for deep space travel.
All that glitter was going to right a wrong, and then get him off this world—far away from the mines, this planet, and this trap of a life. Drum Sol had stolen his stake—earned in sweat and blood and lives—and Simon was going to take it back in the spoils they flaunted to the sector. He'd distribute it appropriately to the others who had been cheated, whom he could never fully repay, not remotely, and then he'd get out.
"Found a footprint somewhat north of here, heading toward the wall," Simon said.
"No way she'd make it." Jace dropped down from the tree and approached. "Pampered woman."
"Mica Sol is a trained xenobioform engineer," Simon told them, lifting the tag. "She's got the skills. But I don't think she'd make it to the wall, either. It has to be at least four days on foot." Only one day to the Way Station, though. "And she's worth nothing to us dead. Do you think you two can get the flyer ready?"
"What, so you can go off and enjoy a soft woman?" Jace spit on the ground, and immediately small insects emerged to feed on the warm moisture.
"Okay, I'll sleep in the bug-tight, predator-free dragon tonight. I'll eat what's sure to be generous rations, or maybe even real food, while you go after her." Simon looked at the whitening sky. "The night freeze is coming on. O and I will save you some drink."
O licked his lips and glanced up the flyer. "She's bound to have the good stuff."
Simon picked up Mica's bag and dumped the clothes on the ground. He had the wild urge to pick up a wrinkled undershirt, put it to his face, and draw deep. Take her scent inside him where it could torture or heal—he didn't care which one. At least it was her. "Let's see if we can't pack you some supplies for the trek," he continued.
"She took the survival kit," Jace said.
Simon dropped her bag back on the ground. "Okay, well, you'll have what's left of that when you find her. She went north." He pointed toward the wall. Jace could trek all he wanted in that direction. Simon would be gearing up to head to the Way Station.
"Well, why are you so bent on going after her, then?" Jace asked.
"I met her once," Simon replied. "And it didn't end well."
Mica. Mia. His.
Simon set his jaw. "Selling her back to her family will be well worth a day or two in hell."

***

A night in wombat dung and a daylong, breathless hike through a sleeping jungle, and Mica's smell offended herself. Something about the acidity of the dung had relaxed the cinch in the waist of her sleep pants. A strip of bark acted as a belt. Her improvised footwear—moss-padded booties—were made out of her emergency blanket, impervious to tears. Luckily, her survival pack had come with a laser knife to cut what pieces she'd needed. She'd eaten the last energy bar, slurped the last of the water, and had downed the emergency antibiotics, too. She wasn't feeling so well.
The sense of lonely exposure had been wearing on her confidence. She'd feel eyes on her back, but when she'd whip around to fight, the jungle behind her would be silent and cold. The quiet was playing tricks on her mind. Deep breath. Move on. Another hour or two, and she'd be at the Way Station. A shower, fresh clothes, a call to the keepers, and she'd be home.
"Well, if it isn't Mica Sol," came a familiar, low voice. She didn't know if it came from inside her head or outside. But she halted mid-stride, heart twisting in her chest. She scanned the trees around her again. No one there.
Auditory hallucinations. The dung must have been toxic, affecting her nervous system; the stimuli of the environment must have elicited memories of her last visit to the Way, and the man who'd accompanied her.
Either that, or she was finally losing her mind.
She started walking again. Only a little bit farther, and she could go insane in safety. She didn't mind being haunted by him. Not at all. His voice made her want to give in.
"Rough night?"
His voice was always warm. It seeped into her skin, and for a second she didn't feel the harsh shiver that had kept her tense and achy for the last day and a half.
"You have no idea," she answered the memory ghost.
"I think I can imagine. I had a rough one myself," he drawled. "I'm better, now that I've seen you."
"Oh, yeah," she snorted. "I'm a sight, all right."
She stumbled forward on clumsy, tired feet. Caught herself on the ground with her palms.
And felt strong hands take her under her arms from behind and lift.
Scavengers.
She reached upward, and simultaneously dropped her weight to slip through a tight grasp. Planted an elbow in a man's gut, before scrabbling away to face her attackers.
Or rather, attacker.
He huffed for breath, his hands braced on his knees. The eyes were the same. Hair longer. Beard coming in.
Homo sapiens simonus, aka Simon Miner. Only one of his kind. Male. Predatory. Highly adaptable. Dark brown hair and deep blue eyes. 6' 3". His well-muscled frame was agile and strong. His deadly smile incapacitated his victims. Voice promised safety. Sexual prowess compromised victim's intellect (temporarily). Yet he was intent on one vital organ—the heart.
He grinned, his mouth pulling into a half smile. That mouth knew every inch of her skin.
Which made her face burn. She was covered in wombat shit. Her matted hair was in a sweaty and greasy knot. Who knew what was on her face? Well, Simon did. Later, she would cry about this. Bitterly, and at great length.
"What in Sol hell are you doing out here?" The humor went out of his voice.
He was dressed as any intelligent person in the jungle should be: a full-gear second skin, which muted all life signs, including body heat, while maintaining body temperature in any environment. Its fibers mimicked the surroundings, which was why she hadn't spotted him a moment ago. Camouflage.
"Scavengers, Simon," she said, wheezing with panic, relief, embarrassment, and some emotion that made her heart leap in her chest. "They shot my flyer down."
What was he doing in the jungle? She'd have thought he'd be working his stake in the mines.
He straightened, looking over his shoulder in the direction she'd come from. "Are they following you?"
"I don't know." The unrelenting jungle and constant fear of capture had made her jumpy. "They have to know by now who I am." So it stood to reason that they'd follow. She trusted her reason. "And with the wedding, it makes sense that they'd move in and cause trouble."
Her heart stalled as Simon strode toward her, as if remembering its previous Simon-inflicted injuries.
A tap to her chin brought her face up to his. He'd raised an eyebrow. "No one would hurt you. Pica, maybe. But not you."
Pica, his nickname for overly demanding Pilar based on an appetite disorder common on Sol, compelling humans to eat dirt, chalk, or the like for extra minerals not readily absorbed via engineered foodstuffs. The name rhymed with Mica, and it took Pilar's pride down a notch.
Mica gave a shaky laugh. "I'm pretty sure the scavengers wouldn't discriminate. For them, one dead Sol is just as good as another."
In fact, they'd better get moving again. She looked back—by now a compulsive twist—searching for movement.
"You're safe now." Simon stroked the line of her jaw before dropping his hand. "No one else is near. Just me."
She looked back at him. Smiled tremulously.
Looked like she'd made it, after all. She was still trembling all over—so the "safe" message hadn't quite made it through her system. But she was ready for some Sol-styled comforts. A little pampering never killed anyone. She couldn't fathom why she'd objected to it so much before she'd left for the survey on Encantada.
"We're an easy hike to the Way Station," he said. "We've done it many times before, you and I."
The thought of which wound her tight inside. They'd engaged in one primary activity at the Way. She'd had sex since then, some of it good, but nothing that made her feel so easy and happy in her skin.
"I could use the shower," she said wryly. She wrapped her arms around herself to get her tremors under control. The cold? No. Something still not quite right.
"You're perfect in any state." Simon's eyes going as dark as her father's rare Iluvian whiskey.
The winch in her belly twisted even tighter, while the rest of her flooded with heat. Was this really happening? Together again, as if nothing had ever happened? No. Couldn't be that easy. Something was definitely wrong.
"Are you staying at the Way?" She went for a light tone, but it came out a little too high. What could he possibly be doing there? Unless…"I don't blame anyone for wanting to get out of the city and far from the wedding chaos."
"Ah, no." He dropped his pack on the ground and riffled inside it to draw out a man-sized shirt. 
"Thanks." She pulled the shirt over her head and rolling up the sleeves. Already she felt warmer. And it smelled like him. "Then what are you doing out here?" He'd be dragged away by the scavengers if he were caught. Anyone city-born was dirt to them. Death was probably a better fate. Why didn't he seem more concerned about them moving into this territory?
"I live inside the Eye now." He handed her a canteen. "Made myself a tight little dig there."
She took a deep swallow of warm water to cover the three seconds she needed to think.
The Eye was right next to the Tear, where she'd almost come down. Where she'd been shot down with a deadly, illegal weapon. Her disquiet found a sticking point there.
No. That was just a coincidence.
He had a sugar bar unwrapped and waiting as she lowered the canteen. She ate it, silence falling between them. A current of energy spread through her system. Her heart might be weak around Simon, but her brain was just fine now, growing sharper, and cutting through the muzzy glow that had descended upon seeing him again.
There's no such thing as coincidence.
Her high dissipated entirely, and the day's cold went straight to her bones. She was shot down near the Eye, where Simon lived. It followed that he had to have seen her go down and was now covering up for the culprit—or that he was involved in some way.
Hurt, that.
But it was an easy, balanced equation in her mind. He'd been there at the beginning. And here he was now. Convenient. She didn't like that word, either.
But why would he do such a thing?
She had no answer for that.
The only thing she understood was that she was good and caught, after all. A couple of hours at most to the Way Station, and then she would've been free. She'd been so close. She'd almost escaped, but as usual, there was no escaping him.
"Hands behind your back, please," he said.
Of course, he would know the moment it all clicked together in her mind. He'd always known her so well. At least he wasn't trying to prolong the charade.
Mica did as he asked, for now, and cursed herself. Her galloping pulse urged her to knee him hard in the groin—where he deserved it—and make a run for it. But Simon was in much better shape at the moment than she was.
She'd sworn never, ever to come back to Sol. She'd threatened herself with dire punishments if she did. Something about being dead and in ashes first. But then Pilar had gotten engaged, and had whined and cajoled, and then her mother had demanded, and her father had done that I'm-disappointed-in-you thing until she'd finally agreed. Just for the wedding. Suicide by immolation could be postponed for the next visit.
Simon bound her hands. And this time, it wasn't a prelude to a spectacular night.
She flushed with the memory and swore again, this time for payback. He had no idea how she'd spent the last five years and just what she could do when pressed. She'd slept in shit because of him.
"Okay," he said, a strong hand at her cocked elbow. "Let's get you to the Way and into that shower. Sweetheart, you stink."




Chapter Three


The two hours of dogged silence was Simon's first clue that he was not dealing with the same Mica who'd left him five years ago. That Mica had spit anger and had told him in no uncertain terms what she thought of him. This Mica watched him out of calm, slit eyes.
Growth had climbed up the door to the Way, roots fingering the crack at the jam. A little more time, and this jungle would've found a way to reach inside and bring the whole thing down. Sol didn't like anything alien in its midst. Sol conquered, no, Sol took back what was hers to begin with. Simon knew that fact with excruciating intimacy.
Everything he'd worked for…
He glanced at Mica and felt the loss fresh again.
The inside of the single-story structure seemed cold and musty, but intact: a prefab basic unit for a bioform team. She had hired him to put it together, and then worked right alongside to learn how. She'd had impossible, beautiful dreams, and damn if she hadn't gone after them.
Inside, the space was modular, as the needs of its occupants required. Right now, the interior remained divided into four primary areas: a workzone outfitted with specialized equipment for what Mica called her self-imposed internship (she'd never trusted that she'd been granted her position on merit, versus the privileges of her family name); sleeping quarters, which could've been divided into six partitioned bunks, but had been kept as one large sleeping space for them to share (they'd worked in there, mostly); foodstuffs—a galley prep and eating space; and a washroom, with a large shower, perfect for two beneath the streaming heat.
He might have captured Mica in the jungle, but he was the one who was going to be tortured. Just crossing the threshold to the Way had sent his blood pounding south with the irrational hope of sexual release.
But what could he do—no, really—when the one person he loved had dreams that would take her to another world, and he was born with lead weights chaining him to the ground? What could he do but watch her fly and be happy that she could? It was the only way to bear it.
"You can unbind my hands now," Mica's gray eyes were steely. "I give you my word I won't run."
Running wasn't what he was worried about. There was nowhere to run. She wanted freedom, something different from running. Mica would fight, kick, and claw to be free. Just like him—hence the flyer and the pile of glittering mineral that awaited him. But "free" in this case meant incapacitating him in some way and taking control of the situation.
"I know you too well, Mica." And then to needle her, he added, "There's no reason to be shy about the shower. I've seen you naked before. I won't touch." No matter how badly he wanted to. 
She didn't rise to the bait.
"My word as a Sol," she said, as haughty as any corp-born princess. "Unbind me. I'm not going anywhere until I find out what you're up to. You couldn't get rid of me now if you tried."
There was a threat in there. And the way she bandied about her corp name, Sol, when five years ago she'd wanted to stand on her own, as Mica, made a chill crawl over his skin. Her word as a Sol was as good as law on this planet. That she'd invoked such power had ramifications he couldn't immediately parse. She was dealing in tender far beyond his station, yet another wedge between them.
"No comm either." In case she decided to stay by his side…but in the company of the Peace.
She made a tight smile, showing the dimple in her chin.
"No comm," she agreed.
"Okay, princess." he said. He took his knife from his pocket and severed her bonds. "Shall I prepare a soft pillow for your delicate buttocks?" He hadn't meant the jibe to sound so harsh.
Her humorless narrow gaze sliced his way.
He shut up, shocked again at the realization that he didn't know who he was dealing with. Not anymore. Once, she'd been an extension of himself. Seemed like yesterday. Seemed like a hundred years ago.
She started forward, exhaustion heavy on her shoulders, and stopped near the incinerator between the washroom and the kitchen. She slapped the ignition, and a dull roar filled the Way. A hand to the wall supported her slow descent to sit on the floor—she uffed when she finally touched down. Then she drew her knees up and worked her fingers at a knot in her footwear. Her breath was quick with anger. But there was a tension in her forehead that he associated more with sadness and disappointment, a precursor to tears—though she rarely let those fall. Five years ago, her family had made her tense up like this. Now, he did.
When the knot didn't come immediately undone, he remembered he had a knife in his hand. And it gave him a reason to approach.
"May I?" He glanced at her face for her permission. Her response was a dark, steady glare.
He applied himself to the task. She'd braided narrow strips of bark to make a thick string. The spongy moss had padded and protected her feet, while keeping them warm. Clever. Resourceful. Strong. He knew she ached all over, but she was the only one in the universe who could last a day out there and emerge mostly unscathed. He'd been wearing a second skin, with a body tent for sleeping, and rations to keep him fed and hydrated, and had dozens of razor bug welts to show for it.
He collected the trash of her shoes and threw it in the incinerator. When he turned back to offer her his hand, she was already standing, her back to him.
She peeled off the shirt he'd given her and dumped it down the chute. Then her own, soiled and misshapen beyond salvaging, which left her nude from the waist up. He startled to see the warped flesh of a large, mottled scar at her waist, and the precision lines of what had to be surgical incisions. The injury appeared to have been extensive.
He had to quell the urge to skim his fingertips over the marks. She'd been gravely wounded during the time they'd been apart. A quiet rage made everything within him go still.
"So how was Encantada?" His voice was tight; the scars were strangling the air out of him. "Was it exhilarating to put all your hard work to use?"
She turned slightly, revealing the curve of a full, bare breast. But it was her irascible expression that dragged his attention upward. So angry. Well, he was too. What had happened to them?
"You must be in some serious trouble to shoot someone out of the air." She turned back and threw her shirt into the chemical fire. Her filth was mostly confined to her arms and neck. The cloth had kept the worst off her skin. He loved the gentle curve of her spine. His fingers wanted to stroke there, too.
"You were supposed to have your fail-safes on," he answered. The fail-safes would've had no problem landing the dragon that close to the ground. And the Tear was the perfect area to land. Boom cannons were fatal in space. "Fail-safes keep people safe. That's what they're there for." Just look at that scar. "You're reckless."
She looked up, as if thinking very hard. "You shot me out of the sky, and I'm reckless. Okay."
"I didn't know it was you." He'd have shot himself before firing on her.
"Not good enough," she answered. She peeled off her crusted sleep pants, so that she was naked before him. Her beautiful, full breasts jiggled slightly as she turned. The plane of her belly, softly delineated by muscle. Long, strong legs. A soft weave of dark hair at the juncture of her legs.
He was painfully hard. He couldn't help it. Even streaked in filth, she was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. He craved her like some kind of long-denied sustenance. Every muscle in his body was strung tight to snatch her to him and consume her.
But she just sighed heavily and walked past him to disappear into the washroom. A blast of water sent a mist wafting toward him. The spray seemed to collect him in its embrace and draw him into the doorway, where he watched with raw hunger as the water sluiced down her body. Her head was thrown back, face taking the initial blast, dark brown hair turning wet black. Her back was slightly arched, hips flexing. Her nipples jutted upward.
She looked over, slow and lazy. "Do you mind?"
Which startled him out of his trance. He just about had to rip himself out of time and space to move away from her. The three steps beyond her sight left him ragged with need, and growling to satisfy it. And he knew, deep down, she'd done this to him in a way the old Mica never would have. On purpose.

***

Mica found an old, soft jumpsuit among the things she'd stored at the Way. The cloth felt wonderful on her clean skin, but smelled like a lifetime ago. Her wet hair hung loose down her back, drying. She felt human again, but like two people—her old self, crazy in love and full of ambition, and her self today, cynical, but finally independent.
She strode over to the comm and gazed down at it thoughtfully, but she wouldn't break her word, especially the first time that she'd used her family name to give it weight. She felt it now, lead-heavy, on her tongue.
Did she regret the cost of her independence? He was right there, taking his own shower.
She'd left Simon on the top of the world. Everyone knew him. He had an energy that attracted people—attracted her, which is how they'd come up with the stake system. He was the youngest mine foreman in Sol history, but that hadn't satisfied him. He was busy, hungry for more, and carried everyone along with him. Before she'd left for Encantada, he'd earned a permit to a stake of his own. He'd even been publically recognized by her father and embraced by the Sol family.
And now, what? He'd given up mining for a life of crime?
She leaned on the Way's system display. A single tap just there would signal distress. A tap and slide, and she could comm her parents or sister. She wasn't exactly press ready for what was sure to be a quick pick-up, but she was clean.
Her neck grew warm with the weight of Simon's stare at her back. She gave him an arch look over her shoulder. He stood naked, scrubbing his hair with a small towel. He had livid razor bug bites down one arm—he should try dung next time. And he was as hard and high as she'd ever seen him. The sight made her hot and tingly in spite of herself.
She regarded the system console again. He knew she wouldn't call for help; she'd given her word as a Sol. But, just in case he had other ideas…With a few finger strokes on the console, she redivided the sleeping area into two rooms. Hit "execute" Turned to watch.
The gears in the wall posts screeched—Simon jerked at the sound, all his admirable muscles going tense—and with a pump and swing, the bedroom reorganized itself into two sleeping chambers, open at both ends.
"So you needed a flyer," Mica said, thinking aloud, since she was sure he wasn't going to volunteer information. The flyer was the starting point. Trace events from there, and she might just figure this out.
He scowled and stalked into one of the newly fashioned quarters. "Was Encantada everything you'd hoped? Did all your preparation pay off?" He slammed a drawer. Stalked gloriously naked into the other room. Found what he needed there. "Were your skills respectable?"
Mica leaned back on the console, considering. And he'd needed a boom to get the flyer. A boom would require planning, contacts, and pax—premeditation. Premeditation required time. This had been a while in the making. How long had he been scratching out an existence from his dig in the Eye?
Simon emerged with pants on. Thank gods. She still had to work to keep her gaze away from the bulge.
"Turned out my father bought me the position after all." She shrugged. "And he bought another for a guard to protect an heir of Sol and increased all our rations. Tripled our funding."
Simon pulled a shirt over his head. "I'm guessing all these measures endeared you to the team." His flat delivery told her that he knew her team's reaction had to have been just the opposite.
Yeah, well…bioform was highly competitive. Most researchers studied the samples taken on alien worlds, and their reports were collated into a massive database to be pored over by lesser researchers and then students. The actual team that collected the samples comprised the best minds in the field. That two slots went to a Sol princess and her bodyguard was bound to rankle, even if she had not known how to erect a way station. Well, so had each of them.
"I work best under stress," she said. The first three quarters had been miserable until her bodyguard, poor man, was eaten by a feral Encantan creature, a beast the team subsequently named after her: Encant carniverso micasol. So she'd been immortalized for the ages, and would be henceforth a horrifying footnote in every paper that mentioned a micasol beast, the original bioform team to Encantada, or the funding for the survey. But what princess couldn't use a little humility now and again?
"I don't think your father made those arrangements so you could shine under duress." 
"He bought my dream." Her father did stuff like that all the time: First, refusals and arguments and reminders of Sol responsibilities. Then, a little too much support. "Anyway, I earned my team's respect." Which was the point. She'd done it. And the things she'd seen…. It made her ache now not to be able to share them with him. "What happened to your dream? What would possess you to do business with the scavengers?"
It was a guess—for where else could a miner get a boom on Sol?
Simon dropped his hand towel on the floor. Approached. Got close enough that she could feel his body heat. He smelled shower sweet. One deep breath, and their bodies would touch.
"You want to know where I got the boom?" Seemed like he was offering a trade. And considering the way he looked at her, she could guess what for.
She almost laughed in his face. Stepping up like that. He would get nowhere with her—not this stranger who risked her life with a deadly weapon. There was a reason that use of a boom was a death sentence. She hoped the situation in his pants hurt.
"I want to know why," she said. What brought you to this?
His gaze was locked on hers. "I'm only offering where."
Simon Deal-maker. The heat radiating from him lit a spark that sizzled down low, but she wouldn't act on it.
"You shot me out of the sky," she reminded him. "Tell me what happened to you."
The intensity in his eyes deepened to an emotion she'd never seen there before—terror, regret, loss?—so that she was tempted to give him what he asked for, in spite of everything. If a kiss would bring back the mischievous smile that had once tied her in knots, she was all his.
His head bowed next to hers, scratchy cheek brushing her smooth one, breath in her hair. Her throat closed with raw longing. This was worse than a kiss. This was him and her in their place, her favorite fantasy, her shattered dream.
"You want to know what happened?" he murmured in her ear.
"Please," she said.
"I learned to hate Sol." He turned and left her cold.

***

Simon roused from his all-night vigil when the dragon flyer's shadow darkened the Way's only window. Mica had slept, lightly snoring as usual. He'd spent the minutes cold and uneasy about what the day would bring. This sleep deprivation felt strange, different from any other sleepless night and a little like acute dehydration—he was parched inside.
"It's that time." He stood in the opening to Mica's quarters.
Her lids fluttered. She blinked for a beat. Sat up with a pillow crease down one cheek. 
Gorgeous. But as attainable as a dream.
He held out a length of rope to bind her wrists again. At least there would be some satisfaction, however bitter, in trading one more time with her father.
"I gave you my word," she said. "You don't need to bind me."
"Princess, if you aren't restrained, my men will start to think," he said. "And since they don't have very powerful brains, what easy conclusion do you think they will come to? And do you believe they will wait to consider other options before acting?"
They'd think the princess promised him pax, and lots of it, for her safe, untouched return. They'd think that they'd been cut out of both the payout and the fun. Then they'd cut him out—literally—and do as they pleased with her.
Her eyes flashed with scathing repulsion. But she held out her hands, cheeks flushed with color. "Fine. You're an idiot, but fine."
He'd just drawn the knot tight around her wrists when the door to the Way burst open. Jace strode inside, waving his slicer gun in the air. Alcohol steamed from his pores. "Found you!"
Brilliant man. It was the only structure within range.
"Gods be damned, how long does it take to switch out the plasma?" Simon bellowed back, hauling Mica up by her bound wrists. "I've been waiting all night for your drunk ass to show up."
"I think you bided your time jusssss fine," Jace returned. 
"I want pax," Simon said, curt. "Not a hanging. No pussy is worth my neck."
"Charming," Mica mumbled.
"Oiii!" Jace raised his arms and thrust his pelvis rhythmically into the air. "I could make her say yes."
"No," Mica said coldly.
Simon leaned in to her ear. "Not a lot of men to choose from who are exiled from the city, and yet still manage to live."
Let her stew on that. Exiled, that's right. Left to die was more like it. His companions weren't miners, so they didn't know about Simon's own trouble. Jace was a merc for hire who got stranded on Sol and couldn't afford the pax to get off. Otis was a native, and a man of all work. Swore he hadn't meant to kill his last employer. And Simon had just wanted it all. Almost had it, too. And he would have helped any who'd wanted the same.
A question glinted in her gold-flecked eyes and her jaw got tighter, but she followed where he led. Boarded her own ship, which Simon knew had to have been clean before Jace and Otis had found the alcohol. Food trash and what had to be Mica's personal articles—underwear, text-heavy papers, a heeled shoe—littered the neck of the dragon. But the corridor walls were fashioned out of some variety of Earth wood, warm in tone, with darker veins running irregularly through the pieces. Luxury stuff. Even the air felt expensive. He ran his hand along the side—the closest a mining grunt like him had ever been to anything of the mother world.
He pushed Mica ahead into the neuro. Otis lounged in the pilot's seat, which was upholstered in a strangely smooth creamy tan fabric splattered with bloody-pink paint. A drizzle of the pink lacquer ran across the main console as well. It took a minute for Simon to register that Otis was wearing a black dress with a plunging neckline. The material was shot through with the occasional sparkle and was stretched to near transparency across his belly. Narrow straps ran over his shoulders to disappear down his back.
Mica in a skimpy black dress. Simon searched his memory. No, he'd never seen her in anything like that.
"Princess—" O stood and flourished a bow, a strappy heel hanging off his ankle "—I thank you for your excellent hospitality."
She cocked her head to the side and stretched O a dry smile. "What's mine is yours."
Simon couldn't confine her to her stateroom—not with Jace and O determined to live to the fullest—so he settled her on the floor of the neuro, her back resting against the wall, for the flight to the city. Getting inside the grid would be easy—Simon had a friend in the halo and a few more in labor. At one time, he'd had a lot of friends.
What to do with their hostage was more difficult, but not impossible.
"We hide her in the mines," Simon said once they were in motion. The flyer skimmed along the frothy break of the canopy. "No Peace can find their way deep in the belly of Sol." They'd land on the field, then hop a cargo carrier on the beamer train—not the first time someone had smuggled contraband via that route. A little pax for the Peace to look the other way, not a problem—everyone wanted a little extra cash during the wedding swell.
Simon glanced at Mica, and found her already staring at him.
She lifted a brow, as if to say, You'll never pull this off.
He kept his gaze level. I have nothing left to lose.
Far off on the horizon, the jewel of Sol City appeared, a sapphire bubble within which the atmosphere was breathable without plugs and the temps were kept at a steady 72 degrees. Dangerous native flora had been excised and the most colorful cultivated. The mineral mica had been ground into glitter powder and incorporated into the facing of many of the buildings, so that the city sparkled. Spires needled the sky. The highest, of course, belonged to the family Sol.
"Take us in, O." Simon tapped the comm, a single ping, to raise the halo. Miranda, his contact on the other side, would transpose the license numbers and get them in under an "Unidentified" tag. By the time the Peace investigated, they'd be on their way.
Instead, a monotone female voice responded. "Please hold your position for Peace escort and transmit the ident-tags of your four human occupants."
"You said you could get us in," O grumbled.
Mica had leaned her head back against the wall and closed her eyes. A soft smile played about her mouth, as if to say, Told you.
"Then we do the trade now," Jace said. "We tell them we have the princess and we'll kill her if we don't get…" his eyeballs did a greedy back-and-forth twitch "…100 thou pax. Minimum."
Simon ignored him. A princess's ransom was worth upwards of 50 mil, but the point was moot.
Peace flyers winged out of the halo toward the dragon. The flyers resembled razor bugs, which meant more stings.
Simon shook his head. "We get the hell out of here." The dragon could outmaneuver the Peace flyers easily. "And try this again later, on our terms." They'd have to go the other way, the hushed way, into the mines and chance the scavengers.
Otis was already pulling up the viewer, which broke into multilayers of topography, atmosphere, and orbit. Best place would be King's Valley and its jungle. Again.
Simon hated razor bugs.
The auto voice repeated. "Please transmit the ident-tags of your four human occupants." The Peace positioned themselves on each side of the dragon.
"Or you could deal with me," Mica put in. She had that narrow-lidded look again.
 O had his hand on the tremble, but flicked a glance Simon's way. "What does she mean?"
"I say we deal with her father." Jace had his slicer gun in hand. Did he plan to kill their hostage up front, and then ask for money?
"I can guarantee your lives, if you return me now," Mica said. "My word as a Sol."
Damn the smooth voice. Simon didn't know what that tone meant.
"She must think we're idiots," O said.
A smile cracked her face, which meant, Yes.
Simon had to get Pilar's dowry. There was no time to hide and wait—he'd already waited too long for an opportunity like this. Another couple of days, and that pile of mica would be gone.
Trust Mica, then?
"She wants to get out of here alive," he explained to Jace and O. "She's bartering her life for ours. Put away the slicer, Jace."
A man's voice came over the comm. "This is our third and final request. Identify yourselves."
O sniffed his suspicion at Mica. "And how does she think this will work out?"
"It's simple, really," she said. "I tell them that you're my staff. We land. We go our separate ways. We pretend that this never happened."
Simon was sure she'd get her payback, but she'd take it out of him.
Mica's gaze flicked to him for a second—a sliver of heat—then she returned her attention to O.
"See?" O said, his confidence shifting to Jace now. "They did get along last night. This is a setup."
Jace turned his slicer on Simon.
Simon shot Mica a look. Well done. We both die.
"Prepare for boarding," the comm voice said. The dragon shuddered.
"Let me talk to them," Mica said.
Jace bared his teeth at her.
"You can always slice me after," she offered.
Simon notched his chin at O, who glowered threats of death, but tapped the comm console.
"Touch my ship," Mica said, using her princess voice, "and you will answer to my father."
Simon made a face at her, wielding her daddy like that.
She pursed her lips back at him. Yeah, well?
"To whom are we speaking?" the Peace man asked.
"This is Mica. Esmeralda. Incomparabla. Sol." 
Gods. She was even using her full name. That Peace was as good as dead.
"Your pilot didn't transmit ident-tags, ma'am," the Peace said, clearly disbelieving. "You will please do so now."
"One moment," Mica replied silkily. Then, ostensibly to O, "Raise my father on the comm, please."
Mica reached across the console to do so herself.
O blocked her hand.
She rolled her eyes at him and gestured to Jace's slicer. Another call didn't change anything. They held the gun.
O pulled back, grumbling.
She tapped a series of numbers and symbols. Fast fingers.
The Peace tried one more time. "If you will simply transmit your ident—"
Drummond Sol's voice boomed from the comm. "Who is this?"
Damn if it wasn't the man himself. King of the world.
"Hi, Father. I'm sorry to bother you, but the Peace won't let me enter Sol City," Mica said. "And for some unfathomable reason, they've grappled my dragon as if I'm a criminal."
She showed a grim smile around to the criminals in the neuro.
"I want Comptroller Tomas," Drum Sol told someone. "We have the ambassador's dinner in less than an hour, and my own daughter is held outside the city."
Simon eyed his men. Jace had let his attention slip, the slicer's barrel going slightly idle. Grab for it?
The dragon shuddered again—the grapple retracting. "My apologies, Princess Sol." Now a different voice, one of utmost contrition and respect. "Your flyer is free to land."
A clear window expanded in the city's jewel-toned dome.
"I'll need to change," Mica said to Simon. "A daughter of Sol does not show up looking like this. Not even me." She waved a hand at her soft blue jumpsuit, which Simon thought was exactly Mica. Or Mica as he knew her.
 O shook his head. "We still don't know if she'll turn us in."
Jace grunted.
Simon kept his mouth shut. He was going back into Sol City with Mica. He felt like he'd been thrown into the crusher inside the mine, and he knew he'd come out at the other end pulverized. Again. He'd take it though, if he could get his hands on the dowry.
"You still have the slicer," Mica pointed out to Jace, then cocked her head at O. "Besides, it's your appearance that will raise questions…and eyebrows."
O seemed to suddenly remember that he was wearing a dress.
Simon scowled, but had to agree. "There's going to be a lot of media when she steps out of the dragon. A crowd, some commotion. We'd have a chance."
Mica lifted her bound wrists.
Simon's gaze twitched from Jace to O, but already knew what they would decide. Neither of them had enjoyed their sojourn in King's Valley.
"Mica-love," Drum Sol's voice came over the comm. "You won't have any more trouble. We'll be there to greet you. It's been too long, sweetheart."
O cursed, but turned to the console and placed his hand on the tremble. The dragon eased into a forward acceleration toward the halo. The Peace flyers flanked.
Jace drew out a knife from his body brace, flipped the blade once in the air, then stepped up to Mica and slit the tie at her wrists.




Chapter Four


Mica glanced at the dragon's viewer. The strip outside was packed with people, including her family, standing in a row, all awaiting her exit from the dragon. Her nails were dry, lacquered silver this time. Her shoes—rescued from the hulking man, Otis—were strappy gold blades. She went with the midnight blue silk from Xaia, which fell in a ripple of singing fabric from her breasts to her feet. A jewel sparked at the notch of her throat. And a tap to her wrist activated an aura of deep purples that would trail her every step. The pax she'd dropped on that.
But Pilar had expressly told her not to embarrass the family.
Mica exhaled to steady her nerves, wishing she was back in the jungle instead. Then moved out into the neck of the dragon where her "entourage" was waiting. Otis and the slicer man, Jace, made a good showing as brute force. A princess needed her protection. Simon tried to match them in fatigues and brawn of his own, but he wouldn't be standing behind her. With his natural dash, he was her arm candy.
"Oh, lady!" Otis exclaimed when his gaze fell upon her.
Jace narrowed his eyes and gnawed on his lower lip, probably thinking about trading her again, and for how much.
Simon looked angry. Which she didn't mind at all.
"Here we go," Mica said, and hit the hatch release. A blast of commotion and noise blew her hair back. Media bobs whizzed through the air toward her. The bobs were small spherical hover comms that recorded and transmitted news and events to all media outlets. Hosts narrated remotely what the bobs caught, spinning casual conversations into titillating bits of sector gossip. 
She's coming now, she's coming now…
…the long-lost princess xenobiologist…
…five years on far away Encantada…
…has her peers' highest respect. Dr. Luiseno says of her…
Her father's eyes have tears!
Her sister's hand goes to her breast…
How they have missed her!
"Gods have mercy," Simon said in her ear.
Mica took his arm at the crook of his elbow. Warm, strong. She suddenly felt beautiful.
"Please," he murmured. "Don't take me back into this."
"You shot me out of the sky," she reminded him, and stepped out into the furor.
He had no choice but to step with her. And the other riffraff followed behind, a little closer than necessary, Jace with his hand on his slicer.
Mica waved a welcome to the crowd. The din rose, vibrating in her bones. She walked the short way to where her family stood to greet her. She didn't miss the way her father went space-cold upon seeing Simon at her side, which meant that her father had to know why Simon lived the way he did now. Good. She'd start with him at her first opportunity.
She hugged her mom first, but amid the noise, couldn't hear what she was saying. Then her father, whose tight hold made her realize how much she'd missed him, in spite of whatever was going on with Simon. When radiant Pilar stepped forward and embraced her, a golden aura wavering at her back, the wildness of the crowd surged. Pilar had always been beautiful, but now she appeared a goddess in gold.
Mica turned to Otis and Jace, and raised her voice. "My father's security will take it from here. Thank you very much, and please enjoy Sol City." How much they heard, she had no idea. She made a small sweeping motion that meant, Go on. Run away. This is your chance.
But she reached for Simon's arm. Not him. He was staying with her.
The other two ducked into the crowd. Neither was smart enough to stay out of trouble. She wouldn't report them, which was their deal, but she knew that they would be picked up soon enough by the Peace anyway for crimes they were sure to commit.
Pilar was blowing kisses when the car's driver opened the door. And then everyone climbed inside and found a seat on the sumptuous long leather benches.
"There's a dinner?" Mica asked when the door finally slammed shut and the car started moving. A formal dinner was not how she'd envisioned her homecoming, but she thought she heard her father mention something to that effect earlier.
Pilar narrowed her eyes Simon. "Crashing the party?"
Gods. Three words and Mica was home. From the sweet gush of Pilar's comms, Mica had expected a different homecoming. Maybe Pilar knew something about Simon, too.
"I see now," her father grumbled like a storm, "why you wouldn't give the Peace the ident-tags of your crew."
Here we go.
"How could I, Father," Mica shot back, "when I just found out that Simon isn't permitted inside the city?"
"And did he tell you why?" the storm raged.
"He says it's his business." Mica flicked a glance at Simon, who could have been carved out of stone. Very angry, molten stone.
"You look lovely, de—" her mother began.
"How could you do that?" Mica demanded of her father. "Exile someone into wilds not capable of sustaining human life? It's barbaric."
Her father leaned forward. "I'll tell you barbaric! Do you have any idea what he did? He's a murderer! Exile was warranted."
Murder.
Mica reared back. "I don't believe it." 
Pilar looked pained. "Please don't ruin my wedding."
Simon had killed someone. Okay. It was sad and terrible, but there had to be extenuating circumstances.
"Mica," her mother said, with a small nod at Pilar, heavy communication batting across their gazes. "We're headed now for the ambassador's dinner." She pressed her lips in a pretty I'm-sorry. "It's a formal dinner, and while you're dressed beautifully, it might be best that Simon wait—"
Her father splintered her mom's polite speech. "He is not welcome in Sol City. We can confine him until a prison barge can be diverted."
Mica understood now. The cost to bring a barge would be astronomical, as Sol was located in the backwaters of space. Exile was so much easier.
"I can't believe this is happening." Pilar looked to their mother. "Hakan is going to be so angry. He'll deal with an occasional miner for the media, but not outright criminals."
Mica was shaking inside. Simon had been her refuge when her family was at its worst, but now he was distant. He didn't try to defend himself, so he must agree with the charges her father laid.
But she didn't believe it. He wasn't a cold-blooded murderer. He hadn't changed that much. There was more to this than anyone was letting on. So she was going to make it very easy for them to understand.
"I'm prepared to give you my love and leave again," she said. "I can make my own living just fine."
Her father's gaze went wary, his jaw cocked. Pilar's mouth went agape. 
That's right, Mica told her with a look. I'd give up my claim to Sol.
Mica then turned back to her father. "Simon stays by my side in Sol City, or he stays by my side elsewhere."

***

Simon would have killed again just to get out of that car. This was the Mica he knew. Stubborn beyond all scope. No moderation. Her either/or propositions always stripped everything to the bone. Nothing halfway. She was like that, too, in love, in conversation, in bed.
"You would abandon Sol?" Drummond Sol demanded.
Mica sighed. "I love Sol, but I can stay only on my terms. Eventually I inherit, but I'm fine if I don't as well."
"Well then, I guess you'd better start looking for employment." Drum scowled and glanced out of the car's window. 
Mica got her flair for ultimatums from her father. But while hers was a real threat—she could, and had, gone elsewhere—his was empty.
Drum Sol had two children to succeed him to his corp holdings. Mica, the eldest, who'd proven herself in toil and study and knew every ecosystem and people on Sol. She'd labored in the mines, and had even negotiated that fateful stake system with her father and his shareholders.
Then there was Pilar, who'd left the work of Sol to her sister and dedicated herself to a marriage of celebrity. Simon knew Pilar well enough to know that she was not merely content to look pretty—she wanted the power and influence of a corp family. She just used her talents differently to get it.
"Drummond," Mica's mother said, a warning in her voice. Seemed like she didn't trust this new Mica, either. Mica had grown up. All the way up. And they couldn't risk losing her, especially with Pilar becoming a Frust.
Simon wanted to laugh aloud at them, and commiserate, too. Five years is a long time, isn't it?
Here they'd engineered Mica's years-long survey on Encantada to get her away from him, to destroy all possibility that Mica would choose him—a miner, of all people!—to wed, and now they were all right back to where they started. Except Mica was tougher. And he didn't care a jot about impressing her father anymore.
Maybe he'd take the princess after all, and never let her go. If she asked him to marry her again, he'd say yes. They'd had a wild dream once of racing for the stars.
"Earn the right to have her," Drum had said. Simon could still feel the hard clap on his shoulder. He'd taken it for affection, but it had been a challenge. And one rigged against him.
Drum rounded on his wife, booming, "So you'd rather he come to the dinner?"
Michaela shrugged helplessly. "If she leaves ..."
Pilar looked out of the corner of her eye at her parents. "No. This is my wedding, and I don't want him there."
Maybe he should remind her that there was a time when she had wanted him. She'd tried her beauty on him. Wanted to take her sister's place in his bed the night Mica had left for Encantada. She'd been a baby then, playing dangerous games.
"This is an ambassador's dinner," Drum corrected Pilar, "not one of your wedding dinners." Then demanded of Mica, "And just how would you have us introduce him?"
Simon wanted to hear this, too. He'd been a miner. A murderer. An exile. A scavenger. A would-be thief. How did she see him now?
"Well, since he refused to marry me ..." Mica began.
That was five years ago, and his first mistake in a string of others.
She lowered her lids at him in that new Mica way and smiled her payback. "Introduce him as my consort."
Consort? Fancy word for kept man.
The tension gripping his neck made his head pound.
Because he was at war with the Sols, even the one whom he loved, he scraped a hot, lust-born glare up her gorgeous body, lingering on her breasts before meeting her gaze. He let his desire show nakedly on his face, a promise of what he'd do the next time he was alone with her. He'd be her consort, all right.
Just look at her blush.
The rest of the Sols could have their glitter; he only wanted her.
The ambassador's dinner was held at the Museo del Sol, which housed the Sol family's collection of art and alien artifacts. Simon ascended the white steps to its entrance at Mica's side, but couldn't help overhearing the who? who? who? amid the clamor of the media and spectators that thronged the perimeter. It suddenly occurred to him that his face would be—no, was—all over the sector comms at that very moment as they relayed each movement of the Sol corp family. When he was announced at the entrance as Simon Miner, consort of Princessa Mica Esmerelda Incomparabla Sol, the whos? transformed into avid gossip whispers throughout the gathering.
He'd only shot her out of the sky and planned to steal a fortune from her family. She had thrust him into hell.
Security asked for his concealed knife and gun at the door, both of which he gave up reluctantly. And then he stood in a scanner that searched for harmful biomatter.
Inside the museum, sculptures of earth goddesses at least three meters long and half as wide were suspended from the ceiling over the long dining table, as if puppeted by human-set strings. He couldn't name the goddesses, but they gave the setting a dramatic ideological effect, raising the question, was it the creation gods or terraforming humankind who mastered the universe? It was a favorite debate of ethics and practicality among Mica's academic set, and one he'd listened to her muse about at length in the deep hours of the night. When humanity invoked the "gods" now, they weren't referring to any of these ancient figures. No, "gods" now referred to humankind.
The food was like nothing he'd ever tasted—courses of dollops and crisps that tantalized his tongue, but didn't satisfy his belly. The women stared at him from within their simmering auras. Some men did too, while others would not signify that he breathed the same air. The latter behavior wasn't much different from when he was a miner.
A dark-haired woman with old eyes and young cleavage finally leaned her bosom toward him. "I'm sorry, sir, but I don't think I caught your position in the Sol business affairs."
Consort. Mica could have easily named him her personal guard. Her secretary. Even her research assistant. Well, two could play.
He bowed his head slightly, happy to oblige. "I see to the sexual needs of Mica Sol, firstborn and heir to the Sol corp."
Voices stilled around him. A few blinked their surprise. 
The woman pressed her lips together in amusement. "But didn't she just get back from some research somewhere?"
He nodded, as seriously as he could manage. "I was waiting to see to her immediate needs. She's very demanding."
Mica sat at a far end of the table, near her family, and conversed with the most important of the sector dignitaries. Simon couldn't hear what she said, but whatever it was made her father's eyes spark with pride and her sister's smile gradually sour. When Mica looked down the long table to where he sat, he raised his glass. Consort, indeed.
Their gazes were locked in silent communication when movement brought his gaze up higher. He stood, heart stalling, as a massive white thing crashed into the table. One of the goddess statues. Screams shattered the air as glass and food splattered. Mica was flung backward, her place at the table crushed.

***

"I'm fine. See to my father!" Mica gasped when Simon pulled her off the floor. He held her upper arms tightly, searched her expression for signs of pain, and seeming to find her well, turned to dislodge her father from Gaia, the Earth goddess.
Mica faltered on her high-bladed shoes and grabbed a chair for support. She spotted Pilar and her mother, stunned, but picking themselves off the floor, too. Food splattered the front of her mother's gown and Pilar had a small trickle of blood easing down her temple. But they seemed okay.
Hakan, the groom, was pinned, but he was cursing—a good sign. Pilar rushed forward to pull him out, which made Mica remember that her little sister wasn't always a brat. That she might actually love him.
Simon co-opted the help of three other men—Pilar ducked out of the way—and together they were lifting the big-breasted goddess from the trapped guests when new shrieks rose as another suspended statue—the Yoon mother of healing—crashed onto the table. This was worse, as Sr. Prithi Aduyla of Hamburg Station, took a full blow of the goddess's uplifted helping hands and was crushed under her weight. Remaining guests fled for cover or the door.
A traveling shadow caught Mica's attention above in the white lip of a crawl space that rimmed the perimeter of the main floor and provided ambient lighting. An assassin?
"Guards!" She pointed upward. But they were assisting the injured and hysterical.
 The service stairway. The only way up to the crawl space, and a little bit farther, the roof, where she'd once set up an antique telescope—a gift for her birthday—to look at the stars, where her heart had wanted to take her.
Damn her bladed shoes; she could only hobble.
"Simon!"
His gaze followed the arrow of her arm, then he vaulted over Gaia's tit to dash toward the concealed door. That's right; he knew the roof, too. They'd spent some nights up there a long time ago.
A moment later, a second shadow moved down the crawl space. Had to be Simon. Mica clasped her hands to contain her anxiety. He was unarmed, but had grown up rough-and-tumble in the back alleys of Sol before becoming a miner at thirteen. She reminded herself that he could handle a fight.
The shadows converged, and her heart stopped. Then a body clambered over the edge, as if to commit suicide, but Simon grabbed the assassin's arm before he could fall. From her vantage point, Mica could make out no features, only lily-pale skin swathed in black. The body swung like a large spider.
Those remaining on the museum floor gasped and sobbed.
Simon reached with his other arm to double clasp. To save the life.
But the assassin found purchase with his legs on the wall and wrenched free. Screams followed him down. The assassin broke his back on a reclining marble nude with eerie blank eyeballs.
Mica's high blades could take her that far without aid. She'd assessed many corpses before, but few humans. She felt stranger still standing over a death in her filmy gown instead of her survey second skin. The assassin's relaxed jaw, in particular, sent a shiver down her spine.
The person was hairless, including lashes and brows. The facial structure still skewed male. His pale skin was lined with years. Body short and stocky. She felt certain, especially considering the alopecia, that the man was Sol-born. A scavenger.
"Not another one," her mother said, coming up beside her.
Mica turned and raised her eyebrows. "Another?"
Her mother's eyes wandered to take in eavesdroppers. Then, under her breath, "That's the third attempt since this wedding madness started. We've moved up the date, but we can't seem to get Pilar married fast enough."
Scavengers.
"And Sr. Adulya," her mother hissed. "This will cause problems. Your father will have to explain."
The scavenger somehow had gotten inside the museum, perhaps as staff, but since weapons were confiscated and biomatter screened, he'd used what was readily available. Brought the house down.
A warm arm slipped around her, and she leaned against the familiar wall of a body.
"We need to get you and your family out of here," Simon urged. "Where there's one ..."
"Right," Mica finished for him. "…There might be others."
"Order the car," Simon told her mother.
Dimly, Mica was aware of her mother moving, the room organizing into purposeful actions. As the guests evacuated, the media bobs found their way inside.
…Simon Miner…
…tried to apprehend the assassin, to even save his life…
…none other than the consort of Mica Sol…
Voices buzzed around her, but Mica was still arrested by the gawp of the dead man before her. She worked so hard to understand the biology of alien species, but she could not fathom the psychology of her own. Simon had helped her with that.
A lowborn life, like that of a miner or scavenger, was a life of labor. The chances of escaping that fate were slim. No—Mica regarded Simon, the only person who'd seemed capable of doing it—he'd turned into a lawless criminal, too, taking up the same tactics as the scavengers. She revised her assessment: the chances of escaping a lowborn fate were nil.
…not hard to see why she chose him to warm her bed…
…where did he come from?
…the strength of two men!
And a life of unending labor was a life of slavery. That life might be more comfortable in Sol City with ready rations and breathable air. But the high plains of the west offered something better—freedom. So the scavengers traded health and long life for self-determination, and hated Sol, and therefore her family, for every hurt their people bore.
It's why she and Simon had developed the stake system for the mines. Presented it to the shareholders. Got it ratified into law. It had been just the beginning of their ideas for remaking her world. They'd wanted to create doorways through which the enterprising might pass and escape their birth. And right before she'd left, Simon had seemed poised to do just that.
…hero of the hour…
…sure to be richly rewarded…
Why hadn't it worked?
The weight of the problem settled heavy on her shoulders like the arm of an old companion. Her every step in life as princess and heir of Sol was unbalanced by the load—the inequality among her people. And now she knew what her companion looked like: Lily-pale skin. Stocky body. Unable to grow hair. And in his desperate heart burned the desire to end her family's lives.




Chapter Five


A thin-lipped man in the deep golds of the Sol livery showed Simon to his room. Simon knew the palace well enough to know that his quarters—a narrow cell—were located in the servants' hall, and were in their clean modesty better than most of the places he'd laid his head during his life. Very nice, but the room was located on the opposite side of the palace from Mica's—yet one more intervention by Drum Sol. 
However, no self-respecting consort wouldn't show up for work his first night. And definitely not because of a disapproving father. At twenty-six, Mica was well into her majority.
As Simon suspected, Mica's father didn't know that Simon possessed the family passcodes and could move freely about the palace proper as long as he didn't draw the interest of any of the guards. He'd used the codes often five years ago, planned to use them to get to Pilar's dowry, and even now tapped the override into the light panel to the side of a fielded passageway.
The common spaces of the Sol palace were vessels of softly filtered light and air, with wide, flat benches to aimlessly count the minutes of the day; all this the rank opposite of the conditions in the mines, which he preferred. Every time he had to cross one of those wide courtyards, his skin tightened. Scaling the wall to her palace rooms was an act of devotion.
He found her as he'd always found her, in her cluttered study, with her head bent over a textlet. She still wore that filmy dress, but now absently brushed her dark hair while reading. Something about the text made her sad, but when he looked over her shoulder, he discovered an academic rendering of some kind of alien animal.
She looked up, amusement at his sudden appearance pushing away a bit of her melancholy. "Just like old times?"
Old times would've involved a welcome kiss. Why not?
Simon leaned down and brushed his mouth across hers. Yes. Then he tried for a full Mica smile. "I've come to perform my duties."
The bedroom was just through there. All feminine blues and golds. Curtains to enclose them in a world of their own. And he'd be staying to see to her safety. Sol needed Mica just as much as he did.
But she didn't smile; she lifted the mandible of some creature for his inspection. He wanted to laugh. Only Mica.
"See here?" She pointed to a depression in the bone that he would've never noticed otherwise, nor would be able to locate again. "This is a true adaptation; not a bioformed one. Took two hundred years on Sol for it to happen."
"I see you're in the mood for sexy talk." He lowered his voice suggestively. "Tell me more."
A light of humor gleamed in her eyes, but her expression hadn't yet caught. He was worried about her after what she'd endured over the past thirty-six hours. And that he was the cause of her distress bothered him even more. He hated her family and their power, but not her.
"I was thinking about the trials they're doing on Leto," she said. "I've heard that they've been successful in engineering a specialized respiratory system to process the toxic atmosphere."
Having listened to her dwell on the subject at length, Simon had the basics. There were three major classes of human-occupied worlds. The alpha class, and the smallest, comprised those worlds that had merged perfectly with mother Terra's bios and supported all the strata of life with little impact to the human genome or lifespan. The sacrifice of some indigenous lifeforms couldn't be helped. Humanity was reaching farther and farther into the deep. 
A beta class world, like Sol, had been terraformed, but nevertheless couldn't support human life without artificial aids like breathers. Terran flora and fauna were adventive; time would tell whether they would survive the native species, but all indications—the dimple in the mandible excluded—pointed to Sol weeding out the foreign matter.
A gamma class world, like the aforementioned Leto, had no hope of sustaining human life as it was. In order to occupy the planet without comprehensive gear, the humans themselves would have to change, i.e. the gills they seemed to have successfully engineered for their soupy atmosphere. It was the most controversial of the god quests—to alter oneself from sapiens to letans. Of course controversy never stopped research before.
"I had a mad idea—" she bit her lip, which meant it really had to be crazy "—to submit a proposal reclassifying Sol as a gamma world and starting research that would adapt sapiens to Sol."
"Gods, woman," Simon said. "That is some dirty talk."
"It's more a long-term idea. My father would never go for it, and it'll be a hundred years before I take his place. Longer, if advances in age reversal continue as they have."
Now that made Simon panic. Aging wouldn't be conquered for everyone; only those with the wealth and access to the technology. Lowlifes like him would still grow decrepit and die.
"Anyway, I think that's what the scavengers are going for with their refusal of aid. I think they are trying to inherit Sol by forcing adaptation the hard way."
"And the ones who have been attacking your family? Is that about adaptation too?"
"I think the attacks are for the impatient among them." Thought lines appeared between her drawn brows. "Either way, it's revolution. Anyway, it's something to think about. Something to talk about."
She put the bone down. Tapped the textlet to save her place and hibernate. Looked him in the eyes, which meant danger.
Simon backed away; this was a bad idea.
"Tell me what happened." Her mouth pressed into a line, as if something tasted bad. "My father says you led a crew into the mines and had them work without safeties so that you could make a fortune at the cost of their lives."
Father says…without safeties…their lives…
He'd known this was coming, but his gut still burned as if someone had just ripped off a bandage from an unhealed, festering wound. Every nerve screamed. He couldn't breathe.
Small hands came to rest on both sides of his head. A soft body pressed against his. A mouth moved against his jaw. Mica. Peace. Comfort. He didn't deserve it.
So he took her by the arms and pushed her away. "That's the gist, all right."
Why was he in her room again? He couldn't seem to separate the before-time from the present. And in the present, he couldn't have her. He couldn't have had her back then, either, but he hadn't known it.
"In your own words, please." She'd left an arm up, as if to reach out to him. Maybe she was having the same kind of time trouble, too. She didn't seem to understand the murder part.
"Our stake system." He'd applied and earned the right to mine on his own time, and then sell his product independently. Made sense to sell to Sol, so as not to incur the taxes and export charges. Fine. Except Sol support and mine safeties—drones to test for cave-ins and gases, as well as quickmeds to preserve life—ate a percentage of his profits. A flat fee he could have stomached. But a percentage of the crude from pegmatites versus books of the red was wildly different.
"I found red. A cache of what had to be a thousand books." For a second, the wonder of the moment smacked him again and made his wound ache all the more.
"You found red. You mean solyite?"
He nodded, sick. It was native to Sol, only Sol, and had thermal properties far beyond that mined on Earth, long tapped out, the Reedy moons, and the Schist asteroid belt. Red was needed in the worm ships that traveled to distant galaxies. Red was wealth.
"Not long before you left."
It meant a fortune. It meant that he could make real pax for once. It meant that he could do as her father had charged him to do: Earn her. Work to match her. Make his fortune. If he wanted her so badly, Drum Sol had said it was possible.
So Simon had told her go to Encantada. Go! Fly away! When she got back, he would ask her to marry him. He'd put a Triskian jewel on her finger, and never let her go. He'd be a hero, like one of her terraforming god scientists. He'd have some power of the universe too. A red god. He'd be happy.
"And you mined without safeties because ..." She wasn't asking him, she was figuring it out for herself, nodding all the while. "…you didn't want my father involved. You knew he would find a way to take your stake from you. That he wouldn't leave such a precious resource in your hands."
 He paced her office, which, with her clutter, allowed him only three good steps. "No, much worse. I just didn't want to give him a percentage." He squeezed his eyes shut at the madness of it. "I had two partners. Equal shares. We decided to do it the old way, in the dark." How gods were born.
Her expression went circumspect, a little remote. "But because you're a foreman—"
"—was a foreman," he corrected.
"The lives were your responsibility," she said.
"Yes."
"And there was an accident."
"A cave-in." He could still smell the dust, hear its clamor, slide, and soft rain. It was a bitter reminder that he and his friends were mortal and subject to the whims of fate. That he was made of the dirt that he mined, making it impossible to reach higher.
"And they died."
"Yes." Short words were much easier than full explanations.
"Your cache?"
"Confiscated," he said. An injustice, that. The men's families should've been able to have the worth of it, at the very least. Or had a representative appointed to sell the red mica on their behalf. But the two men had been listed as his "crew"—and so weren't entitled to anything in their own right. It was that word, "crew" that had damned him. Because no matter how much he professed that they were partners, they had been granted no stake of their own. 
"And for your hubris, my father exiled you from Sol City."
Hubris, yes. Love-struck stupidity, more like.
"He never would've let me have you." Simon shook his head. The heir to Sol wed to a dirty miner. How could he have even hoped? What was he doing in her bedroom now?
She shook her head back in agreement. "No, he wouldn't." Plus, the shareholders wouldn't have allowed it either. Corp families might have the freedom of wealth, but personal matters, like marriages and alliances with other corps, were negotiated by the Sol shareholders. Her father had bought her dream to get her out of her romance with Simon. To kill the incipient love affair with time and distance. Six years ought to have done it. She'd come home a year too early.
Mica wondered what Simon was up to now. "Why did you need my dragon flyer?"
The Sols wanted everything, even Mica. Well, here was the last of his story: "I planned to take my share back. See that my partners' families got their cut."
A dark deal for a boom cannon. A flyer. He'd already had Mica's override codes for the palace. 
Her mouth curled down, a telltale sign that she didn't understand.
Fine. He'd be explicit.
"Your sister's dowry, in all its gaudy glory, should call me and your family quits."
She reared back slightly, blinking, as if struck. Her hand went to her chest. A small cough cleared her throat. All delicate movements of understanding.
But then she smiled brightly, too brightly—it hurt him. He was sure she meant it to. This wasn't the smile he'd wanted tonight. He wanted the old Mica, who would have raged at him. Instead, he got the new and impenetrable one.
"Then by all means " —she gestured toward the plaza where the pile awaited—"with my blessing, take it."
That smile, her "blessing," scorched him as if he'd been enveloped in a monstrous flick of a solar flare. Damn her. Mica didn't just glitter; she burned, and he was on fire.
He had her permission—how galling—to take what he'd earned. But that wasn't what he really wanted. Not remotely. His life had been ruled by the glittery stuff. He'd broken his back and his heart in those mines; and yet it was where he still belonged. The industrial grit was ground into his skin so that he was as rough as sandpaper, inside and out. Did she actually think he wanted a pile of his own?
No. He wanted to bridge the vast gulf between them—like the dirt of this world to the sun that fed it. That distance required more than just a valuable mineral, like the red. No amount of pax from that source would give him peace. He needed options to span the near-galactic distance. He'd made the most of the single chance he'd been given, and it had cost far more than mica—even red mica—was worth.
If he was going to steal something back, he'd take the sun itself, which he'd seen precious little of over the course of his life. And the fastest way to bridge the distance between earth and Sol was to take two steps and claim her for his own.

***

Mica drew half a breath before he was on her, an arm to circle her shoulders and arch her back, a broad hand at her hip to pin her to him. His hard mouth crushed down on hers and possessed her so completely that her awareness suddenly narrowed to him, just him alone—the heat of his body, the pounding of his heart, the scratch of his two-day beard, and something else that was Simon, an indescribable force, that swept through her like a hot monsoon wind, and left her nerve endings crackling. A sharp, dark beat of want and wetness struck the bell at her core.
Yes. This. She gripped him back. Opened her mouth wide to take as much of him as she could in a wordless cry of please and yes and yours. Because it had been so from the first time they'd met. They just hadn't been ready and so they'd deliberately ruined what they'd had—she leaving Sol to satisfy her mind and become independent and he for some wild ambition to match her wealth. 
With his miner's strength, he hauled her up against the shelves. The specimens of bone rattled on impact; a case fell at their feet, but she couldn't recollect what it held—not with his angry lust blacking her mind. His mouth broke with hers to scrape her neck. She gulped air and arched against him. Through her silk bodice he found the peak of her breast and worked his tongue against the fabric, while his other hand crept up to the neck, and tore the upper material entirely away. Uncovered, she felt warmer—hot, hotter—in the rasping grip of his mouth and hands. And all she could do was scratch yes at his shoulders, a shock of his hair grasped tight in one palm, and shudder with pleasure.
Something hit her shoulder and ricocheted of his temple—another bone from her collection dislodged from its stand. His mouth stopped working and his heavy gaze lifted to hers. There was very little man left within his eyes—she knew a beast when she saw it, knew short simple words worked best, most often to tame or quiet an impending attack. But in this case—
"More," she breathed.
He grasped her around her waist and lifted her to the top of the desk. The textlet fell to the floor, but a book—a precious artifact from the old world—he carefully moved out of reach. He'd always protected the things she loved.
She spread her legs, her swish skirts rising. His hands delved inside to drag her undersilk from her hips. She thrummed with want. It'd been too long, so long. She was breaking inside. She needed all her hard-earned endurance to wait the split second it took for him to shed his pants, his cock springing upward. Every bit of her that he'd touched—mouth, neck, breasts, and thighs—was caught in an extended throb. When he nudged just there—gods!—she tightened to come. His chest and neck were flushed with restraint, his gaze black with intent. And when he sheathed himself within, she seized around him, swollen, hot, her core rocking with an edgy, almost painful release that wouldn't stop, because he hadn't. So the shudders went on, wringing five years of disappointment from her body as he filled her up with himself again and again, until she was weak and clinging to his neck. And then he shuddered and crushed her to him. Finally, she felt like her old and new selves were finally united.

***

When the bright spots dimmed from his vision, Simon pulled out, blinked hard, and then lifted her to him, shredding the rest of her dress. He wasn't letting her go. Couldn't. After all this time. He wasn't going to make the same mistake again.
He knew her apartment—it hadn't changed in her absence—and stalked to the bedroom. He set her on the bed and in one motion dragged the curtain around so that they were in a null space of sensation, neither hers nor his, just darkness and breath—delicate tools to hold this fragile new thing between them.
His hands were too clumsy, too rough, though they remembered the landscape of her body, lingering on the new scars at her side and promising himself that he'd keep her from further harm. He was an expert at mining in dark, deep, closed places for jewels. But this Mica answered him back stroke for stroke, rise for rise. It was an exploration of reaching, twining, colliding—both careful and violent at the same time. He knew he was an interloper in her world, and that world would seek to eject him.
But he also discovered that he couldn't steal what was freely given. The sun he'd sought to snatch from the sky was already and always his.
Consort. He could be that. And the rest could go to hell.

***

Mica reclined in Simon's arms, her back to his chest, his legs stretched out on either side of her—perfect to rest her arms. He held her fast to him, an arm around her waist. He said nothing, but she could feel how his heart still pounded.
They fit; this was right. Always was. There was trouble behind and before them, yet their coming together felt easy—her courage high. Was the small universe of her darkened bed enough for them? She wouldn't fool herself. Not for a man like Simon, who thrived on work. And not for her, either—she wanted a full partner.
But for the time being, they'd just have to do what they could with what they had at hand. Seize opportunities as they presented themselves. She had to make her will known to her father and those who sat behind him. She wouldn't compromise her heart ever again. She'd acquired the endurance she'd need for the fight during those years on Encantada.
She laced her fingers through his. "I meant what I said."
His arm tightened, and she was drawn even closer to him.
"About the mica in the plaza," she clarified.
A growl rolled around his chest; she loved the feel of the vibration in hers.
"I'm not going to take Pilar's dowry," he said. His dark tone suggested that he'd never even think of doing such a thing. Now that was her Simon. Hello, old friend and busy lover.
Nevertheless, she was serious. "The mica is for show. Hakan is getting a comm transfer of funds after all the contracts are signed between the shareholders."
"Still," he said. "Taking the mica doesn't solve anything. The other men's families would probably be charged when the funds were deposited." A pause. She felt a subtle hitch for breath. "I don't know how I could've ever thought it would work. I was angry. And wanted to impact your family in some way."
"You've, ummm, impacted me." She stretched a little to let him know that the impact was a good thing. "But I don't like that your partners' families were cheated. And the unfortunate truth is that the legality of the stake isn't on their side. Or yours." She sighed. "I want to do something about it, make this right. There is no way my father will give up the funds himself. We have to take it back. So if you will kindly appropriate—in a stealthy manner—the mica in the palace plaza and see to it that the proceeds from its black market sale are distributed accordingly, I would be most appreciative. I'll take care of my father so that the other families aren't implicated."
"I can't believe you're saying this." He shifted his position to get around her—her back suddenly felt cold and vulnerable without him. He touched her chin, and she turned her head. His gaze sought something in her eyes.
She made sure they twinkled, and she added a grin for good measure. "Do you or don't you have a dastardly plan to make away with that fortune?"
His mouth pulled into a wry line. "I did."
"Can you still pull it off?" And, please, without getting killed.
A shrug. "I'd have to find Otis and Jace."
"Worthy fellows. Please don't tell me what crimes they committed to be exiled from Sol City." Especially trigger-happy Jace.
"That would probably be best." A sardonic lift to an eyebrow, but his eyes were still haunted. "What about you?"
He didn't care about himself. Well, she'd take care of both of them. "Not to worry. Drum Sol won't allow any family scandal to get out. Scandal implies weakness, which is bad for business." Her father would take action, but she had a plan for when that happened.
Darkness still lurked in his eyes. "I don't want any for myself. Even before, when I shot you down, I just wanted enough pax to get off the planet."
Her chest tightened with an echo of the sadness she would've felt if she'd come back to Sol, only to discover that he'd left. "Where would you have gone?"
He shrugged. "I don't know. I had a fantasy of crash-landing on Encantada."
Her chest tightened a little more. She covered her flash of tears with a bit of trivia. "Did you know there's a feral Encantan beast named after me?"
His gaze sharpened and he chuckled, a real sound, from his gut. "I'm not surprised." 
"Then you'll do it?"
A muscle in his jaw twitched. "Yeah, I will. Tomorrow, during the wedding ceremony."
She had to say it. "Please don't get hurt." Visions of Sol guards firing on him—his collapse in the plaza, body flung over her namesake—sprang out of her imagination.
"Hmmm"—another low rumble from his chest. "Not to worry. I haven't felt this good in a long time."
He took her by the waist, lifted, repositioned her carefully, but firmly, on his lap—two becoming one, unique to the universe, and humming with the synergy of creation. She had the fleeting thought that their mirrored legs resembled that of the Solian katy-crab; she thought to tell him so and make him laugh again, while her heart was still gripped with worry. But then he started to rock, stroking deep inside her. The edges of the world softened, the sensation of her skin transformed, his hands rough, her response velvet, and then she couldn't think at all.




Chapter Six


The Tank was a whorehouse that stood two stories over Schistown, where Simon grew up. But to get to it he had to walk the lanes where the miners lived—the people he'd failed. He kept his gaze level, though he burned with shame.
The houses were prefab, identical low units once painted blue, now gone gray, with a window to the left of each door, some equipped with a long, narrow box that attached underneath. An old image on the comms showed flowers planted inside, but now most boxes were gone, broken, or missing. The units were snugged close together to pack the most in.
He kept his stride long, but even, to get through the lanes quickly. Men ducked out into the oxy-filtered air at his passing. The rowdy kids playing games in the dirt quieted. But it was the women whom he feared—two in particular. Accidents happened, but they had been unnecessarily cheated and robbed of their loved ones because of him.
He didn't belong here anymore.
As a child, he hadn't belonged to any of the little houses either—or none had claimed him. But they'd fed him from their rations, and the women kept him louse free, and cleaned his clothes and hurts, and scolded him when he got in street fights. He'd gotten in lots of those, and he'd had a hundred mothers. And when he was thirteen, or thereabouts, old Harrod had taken him to the mines, and with flat eyes that brooked no argument told the foreman on shift that Simon was sixteen to the day and ready for work.
It helped Simon put one foot in front of the other to know that going back and finding Jace and O meant that he could repay a very little part of that debt.
He came to the double doors of the Tank and pushed in to the gloom. The bar was an old stretch of beaten metal over which dusty-clothed men leaned. Heads turned when he stepped inside, and tables to his right shimmered into sight.
From one of these, O raised a glass and said, "Oi!"
Good. This could be fast. Simon approached, leaned in to speak low. "Where's Jace?"
O lifted his glass higher, which meant Jace was above. Not so fast, then, unless Jace was too quick on that trigger, too.
Simon was tempted to intervene himself, but that would keep him here three minutes longer that he had to be.
"Well, get him and meet me—" Gods, but where? Simon scrubbed a hand in his new beard. Everyone recognized him in the city, thanks to Mica and her consort bit and the vids streaming his attempt to save the scavenger's life. "Find me outside the city port. We're going to need that flyer." And maybe he could hide in the waves of people arriving in force today for the wedding.
But it seemed Otis had stopped listening. He'd leaned out beyond Simon's stance to see something behind him. 
Simon went slick with sweat. He felt caught, but he didn't know by whom. The Peace? He didn't care about them. The wives of his partners in the red mica stake? He owed them his face, to take whatever they had to give. 
The cords in his neck drew tight, but he turned.
A group of miners, all men, stood in the doorway. He recognized Len, and there was Juan, and behind him Alex, but the others were just familiar faces, drawn into questioning glares. 
And it suddenly occurred to Simon that he might not get out of the Tank alive. Or if he did, he might not get five paces from the door, or if he got that far, he might bleed to death trying to drag himself back into the city.
He raised his hands. "I'm not here for trouble."
One of the men in back leaned out the Tank's door and shouted, "It's him!"
And to the sudden answering cheers, Simon stumbled backward and fell into an open seat at O's table. The doors were thrown wide. People started to push inside the Tank—men and women and children skinnying through the gaps. They swelled around him like living water threatening to drown him in their deluge. He couldn't leave if he tried.
"The booze is free for us," O said, grinning. "Whores, too. We're heroes."
A terrible noise was rising from the clamor of the crowd, shaking the bottles on the shelves behind the bar. It was a nightmare sound, one he never could've imagined on his own. 
"Si-mon. Si-mon! SI-MON!"
It made his insides turn to water.
"What is this?" he demanded of O. A current of fear ran through him; his hands trembled with the lightning that zapped from within. This was worse than all the attacks and reprisals he'd ever imagined.
"He was born a son of Schist!" someone with a loud, booming voice called out.
The throng cheered again. "Yah!"
Simon was afraid. For the first time in his life, truly afraid and quivering with it.
"He went down into the belly of Sol when he was a child, but he was stronger than any man on his crew. He made foreman when he became a man!"
The cheers grew louder, the crowd closer. "Yah!"
Right there—there was one of the wives. Laura. And she was not smiling. The other, Mirielle, didn't seem to be here. He didn't blame her.
"He seduced a princess!"
"Yah!" exploded inside his head. The other faces went fuzzy, except for hers.
"He threw off the yoke of Sol and went into the dark deep of the mountain, and she gave up her secrets to him. Gave him red!"
The pounding in his head muted the cries from the crowd. He was going to be sick. He'd gotten red down in the mine, all right—bloody red.
"When tragedy stuck, his partners killed, his fortune was stolen by the Sols and he was cast out to die." The crowd quieted slightly, until the man shouted. "But he lived! He lived!"
That wasn't life. They had no idea. It was his fault and his pride that had cost two lives. Ask her. Ask Laura.
"And he bided his time and when the chance presented itself, he shot a Sol from the sky. They aren't too lofty for his reach!"
More incomprehensible sound. The avid expressions of the children made his blood run cold.
"And he captured that same princess and used her to come back to us! Simon is reborn! Consort to the heir of Sol corp!"
He passed a hand over his eyes to hide from the press of the people, but even that little bit of darkness was shuddered by the rising sound of his name again, repeated over and over so that it made no sense to him anymore. Nothing made sense.
A knock to his shoulder brought his head around to Otis, who grinned and shoved a drink toward him. His mouth made the shapes of a word. "Heroes."
This was bad. Only Mica would understand how bad.
He stood to tell them, to ward off any more of this. 
They quieted almost at once to a murmur of hushes—a sound like wind on the grasses of the scavenger's plains—eager to hear. Once, years ago, many of them had liked him. He'd worked alongside too many shifts not to make a few friends.
"No," he said to the crowd. "I'm one of you."
The yah! that followed was deafening. Hell, that's not what he meant. He had no gift for words. Where was Mica? She knew all the words.
But this went beyond like or friendship. They'd built up an idea of him, but it made him feel very small.
An arm was suddenly slung around his neck. It was Jace, with a grin wide enough for the both of them. His chest was stuck out to inhale all the cheers.
"I mean, I have work to do." Simon's throat was dry; the drink O offered was looking better and better. "Just as you do."
Anything to get him out of here.
A sound of agreement, yes, to work. Work, they all understood. Their days were circumscribed by work, by shifts, to earn the rations needed to survive.
The "Si-mon's" started to rise again from a group of older boys in the back who beat clenched fists in the air. 
Jace shouted his own name right along with them. "Jace! Jace! Jace!" 
Simon found himself raising his own hand for quiet, like a Sol.
He went for the truth again. "I'm still a short step away from a prison barge."
This got a murmur of approval. His gut twisted at what they'd think of him when so much pax appeared in the accounts of his partners' wives. The cheers would only get louder. A few years ago he'd wanted to be a hero, but not like this.
"So, I thank you for this "—the word got stuck in his throat— "homecoming. Yes, I am a child of Schist." They'd all raised him. "If you'll let me pass "—please let me pass—"then I can get back to the day's business."
The crowd was silent and unmoving.
So he added, with a grimace of a smile, "And frankly, today's business is likely to bring that prison barge here quicker."
The crowd finally let him pass with Yah! cut with laughter. Jace and O marched behind him, his dubious crew, and when he passed Laura, he nodded to acknowledge their strange relationship.
Her eyes were shadowed, but she returned the nod, once, slowly.
His pace quickened, his stride was stronger. Because she knew differently than the rest, knew the truth about him, he could breathe again.

***

Pilar's apartment door was ajar, so Mica pushed it open and peered inside. "Hello?"
The rooms had been transformed into a labyrinth of trunks and crates, and for a second Mica thought that this must be what a rodent felt like in an intelligence maze. Smelled like packing. "Pilar?"
Pilar darted out, but didn't look like herself. Her long dark hair had dried into tangles. She wore no cosmetics. And she stood in her shimmery sleepdress though the hour approached noonday. 
"Mia?" An old nickname. Pilar sounded like a child. She sounded like her little sister.
Mica rushed inside, swatting the door closed behind her. "Are you all right?"
Where was their mother? Where were the dozen attendants?
"I'm getting married today," she said. Dark circles lurked under her eyes.
"I know," Mica answered, smiling. "The stylist just had me pinned into my dress. I thought I'd never get out alive."
"I'm going to go live with Hakan." Her brows drew together in worry. "With the Frusts on the Nyer Transit Hub." The Frusts were a transport corp.
Mica embraced her, though Pilar was still limp with helplessness, clearly overwhelmed. When Pilar's head touched down on her shoulder, Mica's eyes burned with tears.
"Just think of all the people going through the hub," she said. "Think of the celebrities you'll meet, the parties you'll throw."
"But I love Sol," Pilar choked.
Mica remembered feeling just this way when she'd left for Encantada, except her love, Simon, had been behind her, while Pilar's was ahead.
"This is an adventure," Mica said. "It's hard to go, but once you're in the middle of it, you'll be too busy to miss home. And you'll have Hakan with you."
"But you won't be there."
Mica thought it too obvious to point out that she'd been gone for the past five years, so she moved on to the material point. "I'll miss you, too. And we'll comm every day. And plan trips to see each other—think how convenient it will be to be a Frust then. You can throw me a party and introduce me to everyone."
Pilar pulled back, her big amber eyes heavy with feeling. "Then he didn't tell you."
Mica shook her head. "Who didn't tell me what?"
Hakan? They'd said all of ten words to each other. No, had to be Simon.
Pilar's gaze dropped. Shame. Mica remembered the moment in the car yesterday when it had seemed that Pilar knew something.
It was unlikely, but… "Were you somehow involved in the accident with the miners?"
Pilar's gaze lifted quickly. "No! That was terrible." Tears, now. "But when he was exiled, I was so relieved that you wouldn't ever know how stupid I'd been." Her chest caved a little. "But I also wanted him to live, for you. And I even planned a drop of supplies, but Mother caught me hoarding ..."
"What happened, Pilar?"
Her gaze darted away, but then met Mica's squarely. This time as an adult. "He didn't want me."
Ah. Mica could almost see it. Simon had always been something to look at. If she'd fantasized about him, it made sense that others had, too. And no, he hadn't said a thing. He wouldn't.
"You were seventeen," Mica said, taking and gripping her hands. "Everyone is stupid at seventeen. And thank you for planning a drop, even if it didn't go off. It means more than I can say."
Pilar squeezed back, growing taller again with resolve, tears of relief in her eyes. "You're not angry?"
Nothing had happened. "No, baby sis. I would've yelled at you." And felt sorry for you. "But no, not angry."
"If you want him, really want him, I'll stand by you." They were Pia and Mia again, time whipping back around from childhood to pick them back up and tie them together. "I'll speak on your behalf to the shareholders and to Father."
"I do want him," Mica said. "But today is your day. How about we get you ready, and I'll comm you when it's time to make trouble over Simon?"
Which might actually be sooner than later. She didn't want to think about what he was doing at that moment.




Chapter Seven


Otis maneuvered the dragon flyer into a low hover in the palace plaza. The dragon's descent stirred the haze so Simon could see the guards who'd collapsed into slumber at their posts, the canisters of neurolyzing whitemist broken open on the cobblestones. He shoved plugs in his nose to avoid the same fate and jumped out of the flyer. The common area was usually bright and busy with palace guests and staff, but now the lights were dimmed and the space deserted as interest shifted and fixed on the ceremony occurring in the Sol Hall, which was located at the palace's highest rise and lit up like a star.
The fact that the dragon was registered to Mica Sol had helped them avoid questions from the Peace directing the crush of traffic around the palace. Her consort had all sorts of privileges. But the moment of danger came when they'd broken from the flow of flyers, circled, and used the family code to penetrate the resistance field that protected the plaza's airspace. Now the dragon crouched, as if at its prey, while they heaved red load after red load into its belly.
"Right behind you." Jace jumped out behind Simon and directed a float carrier that would speed loads from the artfully laid display of red mica to the cargo hold of the dragon. Simon tried not to think about how the mica had to have come from the cache he'd found.
Simon relished the flex and strain of his muscles; it meant he was doing work, and work was good. Physical labor cleared his mind and cleansed his soul. But his attention was fixed on the many windows that looked over the plaza, some dark, some yellow, some with shadows passing within.
He felt too exposed, too many eyes on him—though there was no evidence of being sighted. The crawling feeling was similar to his homecoming at the Tank—conspicuous.
Each cheer had remade him into something different, better, than he could ever hope to be. That veneration made him feel like more of a thief than the quiet hulk and grab of stealing the mica back from Drum Sol.
Another sharp glance at the windows, and he shoved the float carrier toward O, who was unloading. Simon bent down to grab another box of red treasure, when he felt a queer wash of awareness across his back.
This time, when he looked up, ready to fight, he caught the shadow dance of a dark, short group dodging among the leveled byways between the gabled roofs.
Simon made a tsss sound with his teeth, brought Jace over to see. He pointed upward to track the movement. Wait…There!
"Scavs," Jace said, unsurprised. He wiped sweat from his neck with the bottom of his shirt.
"What do you mean?" Simon demanded. How were they getting inside Sol City? Who was harboring them?
"Coming in through the mines," Jace added. "I thought you knew."
"No." Gods, no. "How?"
"Miners were shit-pissed about King Sol taking some mica or somesuch bad business."
Red. And the bad business had to be his. He'd been so angry about Sol appropriating the cache, that he hadn't considered that his brother miners would be angry too. That morning's show of solidarity took on another layer of dark feeling. They hadn't blamed him for the other miner's deaths—they thought he was a hero for finding it in the first place. The Sols were the target of their rage and grief.
The scavengers would be just the beginning.
Jace pulled out his plugs; the whitemist had lifted. "Seems like they've been letting them in through some secret dark passage."
Simon knew where. All the lifers did—it's where they sold mica on the black. Where he planned to unload this haul to his buyer. 
Not important now. "How'd they get into the palace grounds?"
"I dunno."
But Simon could guess. If the miners were letting them inside the mountain, then someone equally as stupid or angry or greedy might be opening a door on the palace—somewhere the resistance fields didn't protect. Like the guest areas.
Simon held out his hand. It was steady considering the rage burning inside. "I want your slicer."
"Hell, no." Jace did a quick check of the shadows, as if he might have to use it himself. 
"Give me your slicer, or I'll kill you." 
Jace lifted both brows at the cold ferocity in Simon's voice, but handed the slicer over. The weapon felt slim and deadly in Simon's grasp. His hand was used to larger, heavier tools.
"What are you going to do?" Jace asked.
It was too far to shoot at the shadows from here. The resistance fields would diffuse the energy pulse anyway. He had to get close. Save her.
"Finish loading," Simon said. "I'm going to a wedding."

***

Mica checked the wedding program, which was printed on real paper and handwritten in curving, flourishing letters that sparkled with flecks of muscovite, white mica, at every shift of the page. So far, the wedding had progressed one third of the way through the thirty-two programmed performances, readings, and pledges.
…a lover's spat?
…where could he be?
She disregarded the empty seat at her side—Simon!—forced a pleasant face, and lifted her gaze to Lavinia Supernova, a virtuoso opera singer who now entertained during an interlude between the calling of the Frust genealogical line and that of the Sols.
…well, I'll take him if she's finished…
…heard he was once a miner…
Mica couldn't see who whispered, as she sat in the innermost of the concentric circles reserved for blood relatives or, it appeared, any famous actor or personality calling themselves close friends of the family, whether they were or not. The circles banded out, and since everyone was wearing a wavering aura of light, the effect was the same as if the sun blazed just as brightly right there in the room; only stars were visible through the domed glass overhead.
The singer dropped her voice down low enough to break the soul, and then lifted up exquisite sound to call down the stars, but Mica only heard perfect notes of anxiety.
He had her ship. Her codes. Was her consort. If the Peace were smart enough to ask questions before firing, he might just have a chance. And then there would be questions, but she could take those on. She had the appropriate answer ready.
In spite of her fears, a little glow burned in her chest. She knew exactly what she would tell her father. Exactly what to say to the shareholders:
Consider it my dowry, given to my husband. An exchange made, and therefore binding. It was also a little trap for Simon, too, but then he'd captured her a couple days ago. It was fitting that she capture him right back.
Had he started yet? How long would it take three strong men to move all that mica? Would he find her tonight, or did she have to endure until tomorrow?
The opera singer leapt octaves until she warbled an extended note at the extreme limit of human hearing. Her uplifted hand trembled with her vocal power, and then clenched at the terminating blast of sound.
As it was a wedding, no one clapped at the performance. Lavinia Supernova ceded the center of the circle gracefully, but still a little discomfited. The media bobs tracked her to her seat, while others floated in the air to relay every expression and murmur of the wedding to the sector. Mica vowed to have a private wedding
An aging but highly respected actor of ancient Shakespeare returned to the platform to announce in serious, almost grievous tones, the next listing on the program. "And now the reading of the Sol family line. If you please, Drummond and Pilar Sol."
Father and Pia rose from the other side of the circle and stepped up to the center. Father was dashing in his ceremonial black tunic and trousers. Pia was a ray of golden light, her gown a slim, sensuous shimmer, just warmer than her skin tone. Her dark hair fell in loose curls, and the diadem at her crown sparkled like dew on flame.
Father cleared his voice lightly, then began the reciting of their lineage. "The family Sol reached out from mother Terra in the year 2763, lead by the intrepid Alejandro—"
A high crash of shattering glass brought Mica's attention sharply upward. Shards rained from the dome as dark figures slid hand and boot down dropping ropes. Pia had fallen under the collapse of glass, and Father was lifting her up as Mica started forward, panic shredding her composure.
She screamed as a scavenger clubbed Father in the head, sending him reeling back, bloody, into the first circle of seats.
There were five men, no six—seven!—as yet another dropped into the Hall. All were lily-pale and swathed in dark rags. The guests screamed behind her, a clamor of chairs as they fled. Media bobs advanced for the best shots of the drama.
Pia was pulled up by her hair. Her long, graceful neck was exposed, a slicer gun pushed under her chin.
Fear gripped Mica as if she were held by one of the scavengers, too.
"Old man!" the scavenger with the slicer yelled. "Old man, look at your daughter!"
Mica did as the scavenger told her father to do. She looked at trembling Pilar, at Pia, her baby sister. Hakan lunged forward. Another scavenger struck him in the face. Kicked his gut. And the one with the slicer shot him.
Mica had to do something. This was her family. Her life.
"Look, old man!" that scavenger screamed again. "Your Sol line ends here!"
The scavenger was waiting until their father lifted his head so that he could see the moment Pia died. But their father was still crumpled on all fours.
The scavenger's attention was briefly brought up, his gaze scanning the Hall as many rapid footsteps echoed through the space. Had to be the Peace entering through the ground floor doors, though there was no way they could get a clear shot at the one holding Pia.
"Get him up!" The scavenger with the slicer yelled.
Mica watched as her father was roughly lifted. He brought his chin up, his dark eyes full of horror.
The scavenger dug the barrel of his slicer gun into the flesh of Pia's chin. She made a soft sound, choking for air. "Watch your heir die!"
Which snapped Mica out of her horror. "She doesn't inherit Sol," she called out calmly. "I do."
The scavenger looked over at her, interest alight in his eyes. "Okay then," he said, "you die first."
The slicer swung her way. The tip of the barrel lit. She felt nothing, but knew she was hit because she fell backward, and as her sight dimmed, she spotted Simon at the lip of the dome above, reaching toward her and bellowing, "No!"

***

All sound and color withdrew from Simon's world as Mica fell back. When a sense goes absent, like hearing or sight, the others grow stronger; likewise Simon's void filled with pain—a sense unto itself—which he harnessed into cutting rage.
He fell upon the scavenger horde.
The slicer burned as he gutted two men in one swipe of laser fire. The weapon was knocked from his hand and bounced like a toy under a ribbon-festooned chair, so he grabbed fists of glass from the floor and planted them into the scavengers' faces. Their mouths opened, but he heard none of their screams.
Something burned at his chest, which dripped wet and warm, but he wanted to laugh in their faces because he couldn't be hurt. He felt no pain. He was beyond all that.
He jabbed an elbow in a face, felt a nose break. A rainbow of scarlet arced through the air; a roar filled his mind. But he kicked another in the belly, sent him skidding back into the chairs.
The last scavenger turned to run, and Simon was awed at how time ceased moving, the man suspended in the moment of flight. He'd looked over his shoulder; a madman was reflected in his eyes.
And the madman reached out with a bloody hand and plucked him out of the air. Slammed him down on the floor. Would have struck to kill, but the step of the circle's platform had done the job for him.
When the life went out of the scavenger's eyes, sound and color rushed Simon and shook him like lightning. He went down on his knees with a crack. And then fell forward in a pool of red, reaching for Mica.




Chapter Eight


Far-off chanting told Mica that she was dying. Her body tingled all over and there was a pressure in her chest, an ache with every inhalation. She was cold too, but didn't have the strength to move or shiver. She knew she lay face up, like those at the edge of death, because she had a knot of pain in the small of her back.
Nearby, a harsh whisper rose above the rhythm of the chants. "…Can it be theft, Father, when I gave him the override codes?"
Pia. And she was lying for her. Mica took a deeper breath.
"You didn't give him any codes," their father answered back, also carefully low so as not to disturb. "He stole them from Mica, just as he stole the solyite from the plaza."
Mica flashed hot to deny the accusation. She'd given him the codes. And Simon couldn't steal what was already his. Her blood quickened; the tightness seemed to give a little.
"No. I gave the codes to him," Pia said, "and I'll swear to it on every comm and before the shareholders. You can cancel the transfer of my dowry funds, if necessary. Hakan says he'll have me, no matter what."
Even whispered, the last bit was uttered proudly. Mica decided to like Hakan. He did have a nice face, and life on the transit hub would suit Pia.
"Hakan Frust is drugged with painkillers," their father returned. "He will say anything you want him to."
A short silence from Pia. Mica felt the pain of their father's dig too, and wanted to remind her sister that their father, like anyone, said stupid things sometimes. That he'd been too fixed on Simon to hear how much Hakan's declaration had meant to her.
Pia seemed to recover on her own, saying firmly, "Take my dower allotment to cover the worth of the solyite."
Simple. Straightforward. A warm rush of pride went through Mica for her sister. She'd grown up while Mica was away. It made the chanting a little easier to bear; if Mica was going to die, at least Pia was going to be all right, and through her, Simon.
"Your loyalty to your sister is honorable," their father said. "But Simon Miner is not."
"I'm paying our family's debts. You took what he and his men earned."
Mica's heart beat faster. The chill on her skin cracked like the spring thaw.
"People died for that solyite!" Their father's voice was rising. "Lives were destroyed."
"Then shouldn't it at least belong to them?"
Of course, Pia was ruining Mica's plan to entrap Simon—the solyite in the plaza was supposed to have come from her dower portion—but after Pia's stalwart defense, Mica couldn't very well say, "No, it's my dowry." Not that the tactic would work very well, anyway, if she were dead. She'd better let Pia do her thing.
"You're as impossible as your sister," their father said.
Pia gave an exasperated hrmph. "That's a compliment. You were there, father, when he came for her. Every comm in the sector has been replaying it for the past twenty-four hours. Maybe you need to watch it again."
Mica remembered. Simon had come for her. She'd seen him framed in the broken window of the dome, night and stars at his back. Heard him shout. What had happened after? What had he done?
"The Peace had arrived as well," their father pointed out, exasperated. "There was no need for his heroics."
"Are you sure?" Pia returned. "Do you really think they could have gotten to us in time? They'd already shot Mica and Hakan. How long would it have taken for the scavengers to turn their slicers on you and me?"
Mica felt so angry, she opened her eyes. Stirred.
"Mia?" Fast, sharp footsteps. Pia was the only one in the universe who could manage speed on high blades. Pia gripped her hand and Mia squeezed back. "Mia. How do you feel?"
Father's warm hand brushed Mica's forehead. His face came into view sideways above her. His eyes were tired. "Hello, brave one." There was pride in his voice, so she had to have done something right in spite of the Simon trouble. "Protecting your sister like that."
Mica drew enough air to speak, but had to settle for a rasp. "She's the only one I've got."
Pia made the wet sound of a muffled sob, and Mica squeezed her hand again. Pia and Mia, always.
The chanting went on, unbroken.
Right. If Mica was going to die, she had better say her piece. "Father, Simon doesn't belong in prison. Let him go. Consider it my last request." It was a little dramatic, but should do the trick.
"Don't be talking about last requests," her father said gruffly. "The medics say you're going to be just fine." The roughness of his tone suggested that it had been a near thing. "Your shoulder is bad, but the slicer only nicked your heart."
She was going to live? "But what about the chanting?" The meditation priests only murmured the rhythmic words of tranquility when it was time to ease someone's passing. Who else was going to die?
Pia's face came into view, too. She was a little pale, but just as beautiful as ever. "Listen, Mica. Listen to the chants."
Mica concentrated harder and heard only a long rising sound and short dropped one, repeated over and over. And how strange that it wasn't coming from inside the medic wing? It seemed to be coming from outside the palace completely. From the streets below. She looked at Pia for clarification.
"It's 'Simon,' " Pia said. "The people are chanting his name. The palace is surrounded—"
"—besieged," their father corrected.
Pia nodded, finally agreeing with their father. "The Peace has Simon's men in custody. The miners refuse to work. They won't listen to Father. They'll riot if you don't stop them."

***

Mica wished that the very helpful news personality Lana Starcaster hadn't pushed a pillow down the back of her chair. The pillow made Mica flex her sore stomach to sit up, which in turn made keeping a grimace off her face even more difficult. Several media bobs buzzed in the air around them, taking in every angle.
Mica had only offered the interview in the hopes that a comm from her might mitigate the rising unrest throughout Sol City. The chants of yesterday had transformed into angry bursts of vandalism. The passion of the miners had spread through the populace and the air was static with impending violence. Even her father was convinced that the public needed to be appeased—and who better than the princess who'd been so dramatically defended? Which meant he, Pia, Mother, and representatives from the shareholders had gotten nowhere on their own.
…the heir to Sol has risen from her deathbed…
…whereabouts of Simon Miner unknown…
…dead or alive? Will she tell the truth?
…or will she toe the family line?
Lana sat opposite her, angling her gold blades off to the side. Her aura was simple sunshine that lit her blonde hair and amber eyes. She waited while an announcer introduced the exclusive interview to be transmitted in real time from the Sol palace, and then her composed expression suddenly went very concerned. The voices of the other comms were cut off, and the faraway chants of "Si-mon" could be heard. "Princess Mica Sol. Two days ago, you were shot in the heart. It's a miracle that you sit before me today. How do you feel?"
"The shot hit my shoulder mostly," Mica corrected, working up a smile. "I'm feeling much better, thank you. It's good to be back on my feet."
Lana leaned in and used a voice dripping with compassion. "You must have been very frightened when the wedding was disrupted."
"Yes, of course. I was terrified."
"And the way you protected your sister will go a long way to demonstrating that corp families, for all their wealth and excesses, love each other, too."
Why did anyone need proof of that? "Of course we do."
Lana gave her a pat kind of smile that made Mica think the uncomfortable pillow shoved down her back was intentional.
"Current media comms have focused on the plight of the plains people, commonly referred to on Sol as scavengers. A little over one hundred years ago, this planet was supposed to have been theirs. The Sol family only had a contract on the mining rights. As you're a terraforming specialist, can you explain why they are now the outcasts, scavenging, for lack of a better word, for the materials to survive?"
This was public knowledge and, yes, had been hashed extensively on the comms for the past two days.
 "It's simple. The terraforming wasn't entirely successful, which is why Sol is classified as a beta world—one which cannot support human life without life aids, like oxy plugs." Then she took it a step further, to save herself Lana's next question. "The scavengers don't accept support from Sol City because that would make them dependent upon us for survival, which they believe—and perhaps rightly so—would eventually subsume them under Sol. They have been offered transport to other worlds as well, but that would constitute releasing their claim, which they will not do. Sol is too valuable. Occupation is part of the sector claim laws."
"Is there no solution, then?" Lana implored gravely. "Will the violence continue?"
Mica tried to lean back, but her wound wouldn't allow it. She broke into a cold sweat, too. "I would offer the plains people an alternative solution. If they are fixed upon inheriting Sol, then I would be willing to apply my expertise and put together a team of the best minds to bioform the human genome to be consistent with Sol ecology. It simply didn't work the other way around. But this way, they would become heirs to Sol as much or more than I am." 
Lana all but scoffed. "That seems like a faraway and troubled solution."
Mica would've huffed back at her if it wouldn't have hurt, but Lana had been selected to conduct the interview because of her reputation for giving everyone, without regard to wealth or rank, a hard time. The Sol family was after credibility.
"It's the only new solution I have at this time," Mica said. "If anyone else has alternatives that don't include slicing me or my family, I'd be happy to hear them. This one isn't so far-fetched as you might think."
"Not far-fetched for someone who felt high enough to play god."
Mica leaned into a protest. Pain had her snarling. "That's not fair. I know Sol inside and out." Slept in wombat dung just the other day. "And there are case studies in which ..."
But Lana held up a hand. "Obviously there are no viable solutions to be had at this time."
"If you'll just consider ..." But Mica could see it was no use. She made a mental note that if she ever did inherit Sol not to offer a controversial solution to a controversy, and she wondered if she was doing anything to appease the miners, who didn't care a scrap about the scavengers. She doubted it.

***

Simon opened his eyes when Pilar burst into his serene room, in a flurry of color and light. She tossed a small metal disc onto the wall, and that half of the room altered into an intimate space with two seated women talking to each other. Media bobs darted around their heads like bloated razor bugs. It took a second for him to recognize the woman on the right.
"Mica!" he called, burning sound through his chest. But of course it was an in-progress comm. She looked like she'd just spent a day on the run in the King's Valley jungle—pale, sweaty, panting. "She needs to get back in bed."
"Yeah, she's drooping badly. And she's terrible," Pilar said. "She's been talking about frankensteining the scavengers. Looks more and more like a mad scientist too."
Mica looked beautiful to him. Alive. Well. And talking shop to an unwilling audience. He could listen to her forever. "Not to worry. It's obvious that that media person is about as smart as one of those bobs."
Pilar gave him an exasperated look. "Mica's supposed to be calming the masses."
Simon smiled again at his brainy girl. She'd just claimed to know Sol. Simon would've liked to correct her: she was Sol. Contrary and wonderful and dangerous. This world needed her.
But the Starcaster bitch had to go.
Pilar's expression altered to mischief. A glint in her eye.
"I'm listening," Simon said, though he was filling with dread. Still, anything for Mica.
"She'll kill me."
Simon was sure Mica would. "Just say it."
"You fought so hard for her." Pilar's voice clogged. "Do you have the strength to give the comms a better end to the story than Mica's science?"
"She knows what's best for this world," he said. Eventually others would consider her solution and see how smart it was.
"Well, duh," Pilar answered. "She's clearly the brains. Your job right now is to look pretty for the bobs. Cut a heroic, man-of-the-people line and save all our collective Sol asses."
Simon grinned, remembering the set-up to Pilar's and Hakan's engagement. "If you can get Mica naked in this bed, I'm happy to get naked with her." Maybe Pilar's scheme had been more fun than calculation. Yes, get Mica in his bed; there was room for two. If the bobs caught them, could he have her forever?
"What about an on-comm reunion?" Pilar said. "Push Starcaster out of the limelight. The miners only want you anyway, but Mica gave orders that you weren't to be bothered with the problem."
"What do you mean?"
Pilar swiped her hand in the air to pass through different comms. He caught a second of his fight against the scavengers, a spotlight on mining, and a street-level view of the crowd massing on the street, voices rising in protest demanding to see him.
No, Pilar was right. That mob wouldn't want to hear about bioform.
"I mean," she said, "will you bust in and save her all over again?"

***

Lana leaned forward slightly, eager, as a three-dimensional lightscape of the chaos of Pia's wedding sprang up before Mica. An image of Simon was frozen mid-strike, fighting with fistfuls of dome glass. Mica had played the comm once and had sobbed until Pia started showing her the offers Simon was getting around the sector: a part in an upcoming alien survivor action flick, the kind that got xenobioform wrong every time; modeling for high-end hubwear like some kind of space dandy; and bodyguard services, which included a contract clause for bedsport. Mica did stop sobbing long enough to respond negatively to the last one on his behalf, and then vowed never to watch the comm again.
Lana altered the comm projection to Simon, lying in a pool of his blood. "We've had an official report from your father, Drummond Sol, that Simon Miner, your consort, is in stable condition. Have you seen Simon, and can you confirm that he is alive and improving?"
Mica was wary about the shift in topic. But yes, she had demanded to see Simon as soon as she could sit without the world going into a dark spin. His coloring had been ashen, bruised under his eyes. His chest had been dermo-bandanged, so she had to force the medic to show her the sims of his treatment. His hands had been covered in rejuvy-gel to knit the tissues back together, but the deep gashes were still visible. What had they been like when he'd been first brought in?
"My father's report is accurate," Mica said. She wasn't going to undercut him. He'd been wrong about how he'd handled the mining accident and wrong about Simon in general, but he was still her father and still the ruler of Sol. It helped that he'd finally caved on the issue of the theft and Simon's men had been released. "Yes, I've seen Simon. He is alive. He's undergone two successful surgeries."
"Is it true that he died at the site?"
By most standards, yes, so she answered with the technical details to buffer herself from the pain of it. "The Peace had him in a bio freeze and vitals capture within the sixty minute window."
Lana Starcaster frowned at her. Maybe technical wasn't the way to go there either, but with all the trouble the Peace were now having beyond the palace walls, it didn't hurt to remind people that they'd played their part in saving Simon, too.
"Wasn't he exiled from Sol City for theft?" Lana asked.
The whiplash back in time had Mica stammering. "That was a mistake. The charges have been dropped."
"And then again, two men claiming to be associated with Simon—one even swears that Simon used his slicer gun during Pilar Sol's wedding—were arrested for theft. Do you deny it?"
Mica shook her head. "That was a mistake, too."
"So many mistakes," Lana mused. "Are you in love with him?"
That was easy. "Yes. He's everything to me."
Lana's expression went pained. "But really, is there hope for a lowly miner with a corp-born Princess?"
Again, easy. "Absolutely. I'm his, if he'll have me. I've already asked him."
Lana did a double-handed flourish. "You're telling me that with a simple yes, a miner could wed the heir to Sol corp?"
"Ah, no. I didn't mean that," Mica said. "With a simple yes, Simon could marry me. And the rest will work itself out—whether I remain corp or not. If the shareholders don't approve my marriage, then I'm not. Either way, I'll have Simon."
Where would they go? Mica grinned a little to think of him taking one of the other offers—the modeling gig. He'd never.
A media bob whizzed in front of Lana's face. She spoke directly to it. "You heard that correctly. Mica Sol claims she will give up corp life to marry her consort. Is it the stuff of fairy tales, or is it a fabrication to cover the truth? Does Simon Miner still live after being so grievously wounded, or are they covering up his death to forestall more violence?"
Mica sputtered, speechless for a second. What kind of interview was this?
A low voice behind her answered the question. "Oh, I'm still kicking, I think, and I'll take a fairy tale, Princess, if you'll still have me."

***

Simon flinched as the bobs whizzed to circle him, and the same panic that had assailed him at The Tank a few days back gripped him now. He'd had maybe a couple of hundred eyes on him then; now the whole sector was watching. But if he was going to stand next to Mica in this life, he had to stand the weight of those gazes, too. He'd keep working, of course—in the mines, or wherever—but it seemed he'd always be a mere mortal. He was born in the dirt, and that was okay by him.
Mica had turned a bit to see him—he grinned at her surprise—and she rose to face him. "You shouldn't be upright!" She moved to examine him. "Pia put you up to this."
Lana was saying something, but Simon didn't bother listening. He'd heard enough from her.
"Pia thinks we're better together," he said. "And I agree."
Mica made a face, but her eyes were suddenly shining. "I supposed I won't kill her, but let's get you back and tucked in. I'm done here, anyway."
It took all his strength not to waver on his feet, but he stood fast. Pia had made him memorize some cheesy line that she'd thought was romantic, but he couldn't remember it now. Something about how Mica glitters—wait, how did it go? The riches of—no, that wasn't right either. All the gold in the— No.
But after Mica had just told everyone that she would give up everything for him, he had to say something.
And the truth was…
He opened his hands to Mica, palms up. The lacerations were healing, but were still stark on his skin. "This is all I have." 
Meaning nothing. And not for want of trying.
She glanced at his empty hands, and then looked back into his eyes. She lifted her chin a little, as if she were going to say something in return, but whatever it was seemed to get stuck in her throat.
She reached out instead and lightly placed her hands in his, filling them.
Even this deep within the palace, he could hear the roar from the street. Seemed Pia had been right about the power of public opinion.
Riding the high, Simon felt himself go greedy. He'd take her hands, but he wanted all of her. He pulled her into his arms and captured her mouth with his. He spent the rest of his strength kissing her, and when they were done, they were both shaking.
Mica giggled at their shared pallor and lack of balance. "We're a pair, aren't we?"
"Yeah," he answered, "we are."




Epilogue


Mica rested her forehead on the glass of the light shuttle as it lifted away from the planetary transport, a space barge with more elegance inside than out. Simon circled her waist from behind and watched with her as they winged over the Nyer Transit Hub to dock in the secure corp zone, where the Sol shareholders were meeting.
"We could still make a break for it and marry on our own terms." Mica lifted her gaze from the kilometers of fitted metal that comprised the Hub to the pinpricks of light beyond. The stars offered limitless potential; the contracts for her marriage to Simon were much more confining.
"If that's what you really want." Simon snuggled her closer.
She chuckled as warmth spread through her. "You'd give up your stake of red?"
His claim to the solyite had been reinstated with the overturn of his conviction. The families of his old crew also had regained their shares. The stake system was in the process of being amended to address the inequities that had limited its potential—just one of the many reforms she and Simon dreamed about.
He nuzzled her neck. "I don't care where we go—even the wilds of some gamma class planet—as long as you're mine."
"Oi!" Jace said behind them. "I bloody well care!"
Mica watched Simon grin in the reflection of the glass. Their security detail, Jace and Otis, had come along to see to their protection, or rather, for the free ride to sample the myriad pleasures that the Hub had to offer.
Mica made a wry face at Simon's reflection. "Why did we hire them again?"
Simon sobered. "Because they will only do their job when their meal ticket is at risk, and the rest of the time, they will leave us alone."
"Ah, yes— " she turned her face up to receive a deep and lingering kiss, a precursor to what would be a private engagement celebration "—alone."




TO BUY A WIFE


KC Klein




Chapter One


Hudson couldn't decide which was worse, the stench of the rotting heads on the wooden spikes, or the flies that buzzed around his face and tickled his nose. He made a swipe at the filthy insects—the flies then. A hot breeze blew in from the east, kicking up the red dust and carrying the stink of decomposing flesh his way. He breathed through his mouth. Nope, had to be the scent. 
An old man, bent over and with one shoulder higher than the other, shuffled into him. With a reflex sharpened from years of base-born survival, Hudson had his axe off his back and blade connecting to the protruding bone on the man's wrist. 
"Release the pouch, old man, or the hand comes with it." 
The man's twisted digits unfurled. Hudson pushed him away, but was careful not to knock him down. In a crowd this size, a man that age might not get back up. Hudson strung the pouch around his neck and tucked his life savings under his shirt. An execution always drew an audience, and an audience always had its share of thieves looking for an easy mark. Things must be desperate if the pick pockets thought him easy. 
Hudson stretched to his full height and peered over to where the crowd was the thickest. An execution block had been set up in the middle of Portal City. Severed heads decorated the tall, spear-like poles along the back. Other than a few dirty children, there were only men for as far as he could see. And all were here for the same purpose he was—to buy a wife. Twice a year the prisons were emptied, and any person with enough gold could buy a wife or a laborer. Except he'd been late, his horse had thrown a shoe, and the auctions of the female prisoners were over. The only thing left now, was the execution. 
Today the crowd was more rabid than usual. Hudson had heard the whispers that floated on the stench of unwashed bodies and excrement. Woman…Beautiful woman…Beheading.
If there were truth in those words, then this would be the first female execution since he'd been a child—thirty some odd years ago. Women could get away with murder—most had. With only the rich able to afford a wife and the stillborn rate of female babies on the rise, women were a commodity and everybody wanted one. 
Hudson hated Portal City. It was no coincidence that the stronghold of the Elders' power was in the worst cesspool of humanity. Wanted and starving men alike lurked behind every shanty hut waiting to escape to the one place Elder law didn't reach—Dark Planet. But Hudson wasn't wanted or starving, and since Elder law stated only married men could hold land, this cesspool of humanity was Hudson's best chance of getting a wife. 
Another body, layered with equal parts dirt and whiskey, jostled him. Hudson jostled him back, glad to be head and shoulders above most of the men. A murmur rustled through the crowd, and the black crows that feasted off the rotting heads flapped their wings in response. A solemn Elder in a long black robe appeared on the platform, an official document in hand—the Judge. The Executioner came next, his face lost in the deep hollow of his hood, a powerful axe in both hands. 
The prisoner was last. The whispers of woman were true, but those of beautiful were not. Two steely men secured her by each arm. Her hands were bound at her back, face wild in a mass of tangled hair. A hush settled over the men as the Elder in black stepped up and addressed the crowd. 
"By the power invested in me by the Global Community and The Way, I sentence this prisoner to death by beheading. She's been heard and found guilty by the judicial Elders for the crime of murdering her newborn infant."
An anguished "no" sounded in the silence. Her husband? At least someone would weep at her passing. Hudson guessed a crazed wife was better than a dead one. The Path knew he would take a little crazy to get a woman fat with his child. He maneuvered himself closer to the platform to determine if the woman was worth saving. Her hair was marked with wide bands of white. Her eyes were dark and sunken deep into a papery face. Grooves emphasized the hard line of her mouth. Not many good breeding years left, if any at all. With the cost of survival high, there was no room for charity. Everyone had to pull their own weight. It was a shame when a woman grew past childbearing age that she ceased to be useful. But he didn't make the rules, he just survived them. To Hudson, it was better to have a quick death then a slow one of starvation. 
Apparently the convicted didn't agree. "Mercy! Mercy! I didn't kill my baby girl. I swear it." 
Ahh. A female infant than, even worse. 
"Mercy!" she pleaded as she struggled with the two brown-robed guards. 
The men for once stood silent. No one wanted to make a noise and accidentally be saddled with the "blood price." It was customary for the convicted to beseech the crowd for mercy. Anyone could grant it—if they could afford the hefty fee. 
Not a sound. Even the anguished protestor from before couldn't afford to run his mouth off. Having enough of her pleas, one guard struck her leg, which quickly brought her to her knees. The crowd grew excited, and Hudson found himself pushed against the side of the stage. He was so close that he could see the woman's lips quiver as she mouthed… a prayer? A confession? Her soul was someone else's problem, not his.
The other robed figure stepped up, knife in hand. With a strong fist he secured her hair and pulled her face flush with the large oak stump that served as a chopping block. A quick slice with the blade and a red line rose bright against the grimy skin on the back of her neck. 
She'd been marked then. A target for the Executioner, so his aim could be true. 
The woman's murmurs pitched to high wails. Hudson briefly looked away when the hooded man stepped up and raised his axe for the death blow. There was a slight whistling as the blade rent the air with its downward strike. A dull sound as the axe found its purchase in the oak underneath. The heavy thud as the head dropped to the ground. 
A scrawny boy with oily hair quickly snatched up the body part and, with a few sly maneuvers, was lost in the crowd. Hudson knew a peek at today's souvenir was a good trade for a shiny penny or a hard crust of bread.
Only a half-hearted applause burst forth from the crowd, who under normal conditions were a blood thirsty lot. Today, though a beheading was always entertaining, the theatrics of the Elders left much to be desired. Should've dragged it out more. Given them a better show. 
Hudson turned to go, his blood lust nowhere near that of the men around him. He had seen enough death to last him a lifetime during the Global War. Though he'd been too young to fight, he hadn't been too young to bury the dead. He'd come to purchase a wife and save his farm. Not witness a beheading. 
It wasn't the audible gasp of the crowd that had Hudson turning to get a look at the next prisoner brought for execution. No, the crowd was made up of hard men, lonely and desperate for drama of any kind. It was the slacked mouth, wide-eyed expression on a skinny youth, too jaded and abused to be awed easily, that had Hudson stopping in his tracks and craning his head. 
Then he saw her. The rational part of Hudson's mind knew the woman who stood between the two guards was a convicted criminal. But she looked more like a fallen angel than a dangerous prisoner. 
Unlike the previous woman, this one held her petite frame to its full height. Long hair, so pale it looked white in the sun, tangled about her head. She seemed unaffected as the fine strands danced around her face and caught on her lips. If her hair skimmed across his skin, he wouldn't have been nearly as immune. Her eyes were the dark blue of the ocean, but with none of its depth—dead and flat they reminded him of the broad side of a neglected sword or the dullness of a skipping stone. 
This one hadn't needed to be dragged to her fate. She had walked up herself—chin high, expression accepting, as if already dead. There would be no begging for life or shouts of innocence. But that didn't matter; the crowd had already decided. Words of "mercy" rippled through the throng, soft at first, then with more heat. The men were of one mind. They would beg for her. Every man, young and old, had one thought—save her, take her. A beauty like this was a rarity, and shouldn't be wasted on an axe and a stump.
A face that could launch a thousand ships—or incite a hundred men. 
They were all seduced, Hudson included, by the thin dingy gown that billowed and flattened against her body showing the rounded globes beneath, then a teasing peek of a darkened shadow at the juncture of her legs. 
Hudson had no plan. No idea of what he meant to do, but doing nothing wasn't an option. He was not alone in his thinking. The men, turned mob, screamed "mercy" as they rushed the stage. The few guards placed to control the crowd suddenly had their hands full. The two guards securing the prisoner looked at each other, then to the Judge, apprehension in their eyes. The black-robed figure shook his head in answer to their unspoken question. The protocol would hold. Only the prisoner could beseech the crowd. 
To Hudson the world narrowed into shades of black and white, with bursts of color: The ripple of the dingy gown as the woman was brought to her knees. The wave of pale white hair as it fell across the oak, bloodied and red. 
"By the power invested in me..." 
Hudson elbowed a man in the face as he tried to hold his position. The man next to him tried to use the guard's shoulder to launch himself up on the platform. He got a sword through his middle. 
"She has been heard and found guilty..."
The slash of a knife. A slow spread of red on the back of the woman's neck. The thin crimson line, loud in the subdued world of darks and whites. 
A guard stepped in front of Hudson and raised his sword. 
Hudson slashed with his axe and relieved the man of his weapon…and his arm. Both fell to the ground. 
"Convicted of the crime of owning and using a personal computer." 
Hudson paused. Computer? A civilian owning electronic equipment broke the anti-tech laws. This could mean only one thing—Revolutionist. She was involved with the Rebellion and the Rebellion was trouble. She could cost him his farm. He looked down at the dead soldier in front of him—maybe already had. He stepped away from the body and let the mob do what it did best—consume the evidence.
Not worth it. Hudson stepped back, lowered his axe. He'd find another wife. Maybe not one as pretty, but a person couldn't survive on pretty. A person could survive on a farm—his farm. 
The Executioner's axe raised high and paused mid-air. 
"Halt! It is unlawful to execute a pregnant woman. This prisoner carries my child!" 
The axe fell…but slower and to his side. 
Hudson took a breath. There was a slight easing in his chest at the knowledge that the woman wouldn't die. Pregnancy was an automatic acquittal. He glanced around the crowd, looking for the poor bastard who would be saddled with more trouble than any one person could handle. Except, all the men were staring back at him. And the tightening in his chest returned, along with the drowning realization that he was the poor bastard. 




Chapter Two


"Is this all of it?" asked the hunched man who sat across from Hudson. In the dank hut, only the lantern and a small banked fire allowed Hudson to make out the older man's features. A bald and sun-speckled head told him that the Elder had spent some time outside this hut; only the girth spilling over the sides of his chair spoke of how long ago that was. 
The Elder fingered the gold coins that were Hudson's life savings. Correction, gold that had been his, now it belonged to the Elders. Damn leeches. 
The bald man's squinty eyes finally broke off his visual fondle of the gold and met Hudson's. He nodded, not trusting himself to speak. If he opened his mouth, he might just tell this fat, greedy man what he thought of his "blood price." 
"Well," the skin below the man's neck jiggled as he talked, "I guess I'll let you slide some and consider this enough for the fee." 
He hoped so, since what the man held amounted to over fifteen years of hard work and some crafty maneuvering. 
"But I have a problem." The Elder opened one of the ledgers that were stacked high to the side. Finding the page, he traveled his stubby finger down the columns. "I can't seem to find the entry of your marriage to the prisoner..." 
Both the Elder and Hudson knew damn well the prisoner was unmarried. So he waited with a tightening of his stomach for the rest of the sentence. 
"Impregnating an unmarried woman carries its own fee." The man looked up, his eyes almost swallowed by the plumpness of his face. "I assume you are going to rectify that today. But…of course, there is also the marriage fee." 
Hudson gripped the sides of his chair to keep his hands from drawing his sword and putting it through the Elder's turkey-like neck. 
"But I understand that times are tough and gold is hard to come by. I see here," he closed and opened another ledger, "that you own a farm. I think it would be fair to offer a lien against the land as payment." 
Hudson felt his upper lip twitch. The irony wasn't lost on him that there was a lien against his land on it for not having a wife, and now a lien was placed for having a wife. It wasn't worth it. The farm had been in the family for over four generations. Yet, if he didn't marry, he'd be endangering his home just the same. After his mother had died, he'd inherited the family farm. The Elders had placed a lien and a timeframe for him to acquire a wife. If he didn't, his land would be appropriated and given to the Elders. Still there had to be another way. One that didn't cost so much. 
The door to the hut opened. Two young men in short robes escorted the woman prisoner into the hut. Hudson couldn't help himself. The woman drew his gaze like lightening to a parched forest. This was the closest he'd been to a woman who wasn't a relative, and never one this young. 
Her face was unlined and smooth like fallen snow he'd seen in the mountains. Her hair was still wild and fell in long unruly strands down her shoulders. He'd never seen hair that color. The silky mass reminded him of the story his mother used to tell him of a white dove and virgin bride. The thought of a virgin bride, hell any type of bride, heated his blood, and other parts of his anatomy. 
The dead-blue of her eyes hadn't changed though, and he wondered if she even possessed the sense of sight. Didn't matter. He'd made his decision when he'd let her keep that pretty little head of hers. 
The Elder across from him cleared his throat. "So are we in agreement as to the total fees and the lien?" 
He didn't take his gaze off the woman. And why should he? He had his fill of ugly men, and her ethereal beauty had a way of making the weight of his debt feel lighter. Her gown was thin and dirty, and if he looked hard enough he could see the shadowed circles on each breast. He swallowed. Don't do it. Show some respect. But he was just a man and let his gaze travel lower. Her dignity was saved by her clasped hands and chained wrists. 
"Yes." The word rumbled in his chest. 
"Yes? Yes to the lien?" The Elder sounded surprised. Hudson was also; it was a lot of money. Then he noticed the guards on either side of the prisoner, or more specifically the hands of the guards. He noticed how large and thick their fingers were as they grasped the flesh of her upper arms. How fingernails caked with dirt and knuckles sprinkled with hair seemed grotesque and cruel as they bit into the softest of skin—or at least it looked soft. And his own hands tightened…tightened with the need to do violence. 
"Yes to the lien. And yes to having your men unhand my wife." 

***

They rode along the dirt road in silence. The wagon and the woman next to him were the only two things Hudson owned outright; even the plow horse pulling them was entailed with the farm. The wo— his wife hadn't spoken a word, even when it had been her turn to say the vows. She'd just stared off into nothing. In the end, the Elder had just shrugged. "It doesn't matter. The vows are just a formality. You've paid the bride price. She's yours to do with what you will. I'll send a Marker out in three days' time, and then it will be official." 
That had been enough for him. He had her out of the hut, and up on his wagon before the old man could come up with any other "fees" to place on his head. But now in the quiet of the afternoon, with a strange woman sitting next to him, he couldn't help but feel uncomfortable. This woman was something foreign, odd, she didn't fit into his world. He had no idea what to do with a woman, well, other than get her pregnant. 
Did she require anything special for her upkeep? He gave her a nervous glance. Hell, could she even see? She must. She'd stepped up into the wagon with no problem. Could she talk? He pondered that thought. The Path would never be that kind. Would it?
He knew women could talk. His own mother had for one. She'd nagged, ridiculed, and complained until he'd fantasized about cutting off his ears…or her tongue. But his mother had been dead for some time, and now after a year of silence, he'd come to like the quiet. Maybe his wife was waiting for him to speak first? His gaze rested on the iron manacles around her wrists. "I have the tools at home to take those off." 
The truth was he'd purposely "forgotten" to ask for the keys. She was a convicted criminal after all. She could be a violent person, and he liked the idea of her being more manageable, at least while they were riding home alone. 
The wife made no response just stared straight ahead, her body swaying to the motion of the wagon. 
Maybe she was deaf also. Hudson had had a deaf horse once. The mare had plowed the field just fine. He swallowed, then tried again. 
"My name is Hudson Black Creek Land because I own a farm." He was an idiot. His last name was obvious since only men who owned property could take the last name of Land. "Do you have a name?" 
Silence. 
"Can you talk?" 
Nothing, just the annoying swaying. 
Hudson looked back toward the road and shrugged. This marriage thing didn't seem to be too hard. In fact, she didn't seem to be much trouble at all. He released a breath he hadn't even realized he'd been holding. He rolled his shoulders a bit, suddenly tired. The early morning journey and "wife buying" had taken its toll. He went to pat her knee, but stopped awkwardly mid-air—still too nervous to actually touch her. He lowered his hand, and instead flashed her a reassuring smile. "I have a good feeling about this marriage thing. I think you'll work out just fine." 

***

Air! Air! He couldn't breathe. He was drowning. No, not drowning—choking! Someone was trying to kill him.
Hudson clawed at the chain around his neck, but his fingers couldn't get underneath the bite of the metal. He twisted and turned trying to break free, but it was of no use, his attacker was strong. Time was running out. His vision narrowed as empty voids gathered along the edges. Through the small hole of light he could still make out the rear end of his horse, the reins that had fallen forward, the wooden bench he sat on. Had he fallen asleep? Must have. There was no other way an attacker could've taken him by surprise. 
A fire blazed where his lungs had once been. Strange, animal-like sounds escaped from his throat. He clawed at his flesh, trying to make room. He could feel the attacker struggle against his back as he pulled from a lower angle. Smaller than? Hudson was tall, and even in a world of men, he was usually head and shoulders above most. He hoped this time wasn't an exception. 
He gave up the fight with the chain itself and reached behind him. He found the attacker's hands and clapped down with a pit-bull grip. His head spun. The roar in his ears grew louder. With the last burst of energy before he fell into the darkness, he threw all his power into his legs and stood. The metal links crushed his throat. He countered it by pulling the attacker's hands hard over his head. The smaller frame crashed at him from behind. The chain loosened. 
That was enough. He drew the chain forward and slipped under the noose. He wrapped his one hand around the links and pulled. His attacker flew forward across the bench. He freed his axe. His arm swung high. Rage filled his veins along with the steadiness a man needed to kill. He swung—white hair, shackled wrists, a crusted wound from the Executioner's mark—the woman! He shifted his aim. The axe head found its home in the wagon's bench. The wood split in half with a clean break. 
For the second time in one day, his wife had almost lost her head.
His wife, his wife, had just tried to kill him! Sharp breath cooled the flames in his lungs as another fire started in his gut. With disgust he yanked on her arm. In reality, he meant to pull her to standing. Instead, he overestimated his strength…and underestimated her weight. In a flurry of white hair and soiled gown, she went flying out of the wagon and landed on her backside with a loud humph.
In shock, Hudson stilled. His plow horse, being a good plow horse, had stopped moving the wagon forward. Everyone and everything around them stopped, except her…his wife. She was up and on her feet, sprinting like a rabbit being chased by a wolf. 
Really? Really! Did she think she could run away from him? Did she think he would let her?
He jumped out of the wagon and started to hunt her down as if she really was a rabbit and he really was a very hungry, very angry wolf. 
Hudson would've laughed if his throat hadn't felt like he'd swallowed a burning coal. She was an idiot if she thought she could run from him. He'd follow her through the Portal if he had to. There was way too much riding on that white head of hers for him to let her go. 
It didn't take long. He tackled her legs. They both went down. She rolled and tried to kick him. He caught her foot an inch from his face. In a quick move he had her under him, legs pinned, hands above her head—her chained wrists now a hindrance to her instead of a weapon. 
He took a second to catch his breath, rage choking him almost as effectively as her chained wrists had earlier. "Rule number one. Don't try to kill your husband especially when he is still reeling from the cost of buying you." 
She didn't respond, but her eyes had lost that dead, far-away look. Now they shot blue flames of hate. He should've never wished the dull, complacent look away. 
If a man had tried to kill him there would've been no hesitation. He'd put a sword through a man's belly for less. But there were reasons why he couldn't kill her. There had to be. All he needed was to remember just one. 
His farm. 
That was one. Well, he'd keep her alive, but it didn't mean he had to keep her happy. 
"Tell me why or else I'll start chopping off body parts until you do." He hadn't sunk to a killer of women yet, but she didn't have to know that. Maybe his father had been right, a little fear goes a long way in a successful marriage. 
"You have to let me leave." 
It was the first time he had heard her speak. Her voice was a bit raspy, deeper than he'd expected from one so small. It reminded him of cold, clear nights and hushed whispers behind closed doors. And damn it was sexy, and…focus. He lifted her chain and slammed her wrists on the ground for emphasis. "I just spent my life savings and half my land to buy you. You're not going anywhere." 
"Then I'll never stop breaking rule number one," she spat out. 
"Well, that will make what I have to do a lot harder."
"Which is what?" 
"Get you pregnant." 
Her face blanched, and he allowed himself a wicked smile. He could tell she was thinking the worst. Good, by The Path she deserved it. But that wasn't the worst. He could do better. "And I have every intention of keeping you chained to my bed to accomplish it." 




Chapter Three


As far as husbands went, Lake guessed she could've done worse. She remembered the feel of him on top of her, all muscle. He hadn't turned to fat—yet. The ones who had enough money to purchase a wife were mostly lascivious, old men with only a few teeth. But being young didn't make him different. She'd seen the way he'd looked at her. It was the same way most men had since the summer she'd grown breasts. Of course, most had been older than her father.
There might've been a time, when she was younger, that her so-called husband would've been the type of man her young heart had fantasized about. But that was a lifetime ago, before things changed, before…
He bought you. One of the many reasons she hated the Elders and their laws. Women weren't meant to be bought and bred like cattle, and then made to watch their daughters be bought and sold the same way. But change was a long way off. Especially with her in these chains.
What was her so-called husband's name again? Huddon? Mutson? Didn't matter, she already hated him. It was nothing personal. At least it hadn't been until he had tied her to the back of the wagon and made her walk the rest of the way to his home. Neanderthal. 
Of course, he had slowed the wagon to a crawl, but that didn't count for much. Neither did his turning around to check on her every couple of minutes. Lake waited for him to twist around and look at her again, then she gave him a glare and spat on the ground. 
He quickly faced forward. Good. Let him stew on that. She'd fight him with everything she had left. 
Her shoulders slumped. The bone weariness she'd kept at bay finally caught up with her. Who was she kidding? She had nothing left. He should've just let her die—wished he had. She'd been resigned to her fate. She'd done all she could. Death would've given her the peace she so desperately wanted. But she still lived and she still breathed. Long ago she had made her decision. She'd left the teachings of her father, left The Way, stopped following The Path. Instead, she'd dedicated each beat of her heart to the Rebellion. And her fight wasn't over, never would be, until she either died or the New Republic was born. 
Death seemed more likely. 
Lake stumbled, but caught herself. She was tired. Tired of fighting alone. She couldn't remember the last time she'd eaten—had to be over a day ago. If she could just rest, maybe get a drink of water, she might be able to think clearly. She might then be able to find her way out of this situation. 
There'd been a moment when they'd first left the city that she'd recognized the mountain range as the same one that bordered her childhood home. Hope had burst through her. She was closer than she'd thought. She had to try. 
What's-his-name stopped the wagon. Lake waited. That's what she did—she bided her time, waited for the right opportunity. But she'd had her opportunity, and she'd blown it. Killing him hadn't been her objective, more of making him pass-out so she could escape. She just hadn't expected herself to be so weak or for him to be so strong. 
No matter, she wouldn't give up. There'd be another opportunity. The Path knew he was dim-witted enough. Who would pay that much money for a wife? When she was stronger she'd try again, and the next time she wouldn't be as nice. She'd use the axe. 
What's-his-name seemed to be debating with himself—again. Fine with her, she could wait all day. Well, she could if she sat down. Lake eased herself to the ground, trying not to wince at the tightening in her back. Who would've thought a dirt road would be such bliss? She desperately wanted to allow her eyes to close briefly, but she couldn't afford to be taken off guard. 
Finally, he hopped out of the wagon and came over to her. Lake stared straight ahead, readying herself for the worst. 
"My farm is just over this hill," he said. 
She regretted sitting down. She would've felt better having any conversation with him on her feet. She wouldn't stand though and let him know that she was bothered. 
"It would be better for you if the first time my men see you isn't..." He let his voice trail off. His booted foot shifted in the dusty road. "It would be better if you arrived as my wife by my side." 
Lake couldn't take it anymore and pushed herself to her feet. "As opposed to arriving as your slave?"
"Yes." 
He didn't mince words, she would give him that. Honesty was rare in this day and age. Too rare. She searched his features and looked for an ulterior motive. She supposed his face was put together decently, two eyes, one mouth. But she knew better than to trust a nice face. He wanted something from her, men always did. Oh yeah, he wanted to use her as a breeding mare. Get her with child, sell her daughter. How could she have forgotten? 
"Can you restrain yourself from trying to kill me for the next hour or so?" 
She nodded. There was nothing to gain by refusing. 
He untied the rope attached to her chains and helped her into the wagon. As they crested the hill, the tree line around them broke, giving her an unhindered view of the shallow valley below. Lake gasped. Below her wasn't just a farm, but sprawling fields of golden brown and neatly squared patches of rows of green. Men in wide brimmed hats toiled about the land alongside horses that were hooked up to wagons and plows. This wasn't the small vegetable garden of her childhood home. No, this was a working farm that could produce enough food for thousands.
The Elders took what they wanted, either by force or heavy taxation. How the man sitting next to her had held on to land this rich without the Elders claiming it was nothing short of a miracle. A slow easing respect grew for her new husband. Maybe it was time to learn his name. 
"Do you like it?" There was genuine pride in his voice, as if he actually cared what she thought. Respect was one thing, but giving her approval was quite another. Lake stared straight ahead and let her face settle into nothing. 
He sighed as if he was tired. Whatever. He hadn't been the one imprisoned for months.
"Can you at least tell me your name? I need to introduce you to my men." 
He wanted her name, something so simple, and yet it felt too intimate. How long had it been since she'd spoken her name, her real name? Her mouth was suddenly dry. She swallowed to loosen her tongue. "Lake." 
"That's pretty." 
She resisted a tsk to show she had any feelings one way or another. Besides, what did he know? There was nothing pretty about her name. Lake wasn't about rain-kissed summer days and fresh berry picnics. A lake was the place people went to drown their shame and hide their bodies. A lake made it easy for them to walk away with peace of mind. Because they all knew this—Lake never gave up her secrets. Never.

***

Lake placed her hands on the large wooden table. The weight of the chains had started to wear on her, and it felt good to ease her burden. During the introductions to Hudson's men (she had found out her husband's name) she'd sat tall and proud in the wagon, a rough blanket thrown over her hands. Now with no one watching, she allowed her shoulders to slump and head to rest against the back wall. 
Hudson's home was even more of a surprise than his farm. It was actually a brick and mortar building, instead of the usual mud huts that she grew up in. No stone queries had survived the Global War so the house must've been built pre-war. That was impressive, even by land owner's standards. And his house had electricity. 
A person had to look, but it was there in the absence of a fire in the cooking pit, no fresh black soot caked the walls, and if one listened hard, there was no quiet hum of a generator. 
If a person had a generator, then one had gasoline, and the only providers of petrol were the Rebels. 
When the Rebellion had begun years ago, it was the soldiers who protected the planet on the other side of the Portal who'd made the first conquest. They had usurped the Elders' power and claimed Dark Planet as their own. The Elders had cut off all supplies from Earth, but the Rebels had found their own source of wealth—oil. The Rebels owned Dark Planet, the largest and as of now, only source of oil. If one wanted gas for their generator, then one dealt with the Rebels. 
A rush of fear slammed into her. Dealing in commodities that the Rebels wanted wasn't cheap. And it was dangerous. Fresh vegetables and fruit were a rarity, and meat besides horse and goat was nearly unheard of. Was that why Hudson had bought her? Had he guessed at her true value to the Rebellion? She might be a valuable hostage, but the Rebels wouldn't pay. The Rebellion had a no ransom policy. If you got caught, there'd be no one coming to get you. The Rebel's motto was drilled into her—there was a price for freedom, and sometimes the price was your life. 
Somewhere in the distance a door opened and footsteps sounded her way. Lake sat up and squared her shoulders. Her back screamed in protest, but she ignored the pain. When Hudson came into view, she sized him up through a whole new set of eyes. He'd given her and the Elders the impression of a back hill farmer, but there was way more to this man. She didn't like the fact that she'd underestimated him. 
His boots were working boots, but made of good quality. His clothing was nothing special, dark work pants and a white shirt, stained with sweat and dirt. She made a conscious effort to ignore how his shirt molded his body and strained to fit the extensive span of his shoulders. His forearms were exposed, and her gaze followed the corded muscles of his arms to his hands. Large hands, strong hands, hands she knew were capable of violence—hands that held a pickaxe and a rather large steel stake. 
He walked forward and laid both on the table before her. It took effort for her to drag her gaze away from the tools—or instruments of torture?—and watch as he sat across from her. Watch the man, not his weapons. 
"We need to talk," Hudson said.
You mean I need to talk. Lake glanced from the crude metal stake on the table then back to her husband's face. He didn't have the look of a cruel man, but Lake had been fooled before. In prison, it had been a common practice to impale the more uncooperative prisoners' hands to the wall, by means of a steel stake. As the saying went, a captive hand freed a tongue. 
They'd been right. 
Would she break? Lake closed her eyes and tried to calm her racing heart. She had to be strong. There was no other option. 
"We need to come to a compromise," he said.
His voice had a soothing quality to it, which made Lake even more nervous. If she didn't watch herself, she'd tip her hand before she was ready. Lake opened her eyes. 
"But first I need to know a few things. Are you against marriage?" 
The question threw her. For women under Elder law there was no other option than to marry. Even from birth, female babies weren't given a last name—why bother when they would take the name of their husbands? "If you are asking if I am against the buying and selling of females to the highest bidder, then yes, I am."
"I don't make the rules, little dove. I just follow them." 
"Really?" Lake did an exaggerated look around. "You expect me to believe, with all this, that you are a rule follower." 
"It wasn't my neck that was stretched out on the executioner's block, now was it, little dove?" 
"Don't call me that," she snapped. 
Hudson leaned back in his chair, a smile light on his face. "Regardless, you're married to me. The Marker will be on his way in three days, and I think it would be better for both of us if he doesn't find you chained to my bed or my rotting body in the wine cellar. So, are you willing to negotiate?"
Lake let her gaze roam over him before answering. She'd learned fast that deals endangered lives. But better safe than sorry. Besides, she could've done worse. The man sitting across from her was relatively young. She didn't even mind the soft wave of his sandy blonde hair and how it fell over eyes that seemed to change from simple brown to the golden color of maple leaves in the fall. 
"Yes," she answered, surprised that she meant it. 
"Good. Good." Hudson nodded and leaned back in his chair with a look of relief. It had her wondering how he would've reacted if her answer had been different. 
"I'm not going to pretend I don't have any idea of why you were arrested. Breaking anti-tech laws basically screams of involvement with the Rebellion. But I've kept my life and my farm by not getting involved with the Cause. As my wife I expect you to do the same." 
"So you are saying you expect me to close my eyes to the plight of the poor and close my ears to the cries of the repressed?"
"It's easier to sleep that way." 
"You're despicable." 
"I've been called worse, and yet, I am still willing to negotiate with my wife who tried to kill me on our honeymoon. So, what will it be, Lake? What do you want? And it can't be the breaking of rule number one. That's off the table." 
His mouth turned up on one side at his attempt at humor, but she refused to let it soften her. He was right about one thing. Lives were on this table. He just didn't realize that his wasn't important enough to be part of the bargain. 
"My freedom. I want to be let go." 
He sighed as if he had to explain the incredibly simple to the incredibly stupid. "Impossible. Try again." 
"Then we are at an impasse." 
Hudson crossed his ankle over his knee and brushed some dirt off his boot. "Have you really no idea how to negotiate? No wonder you were slotted for execution. To you it's all or nothing. But the world is full of compromise. There are more shades than just black and white. There are myriads of grays. Think Lake, what can you live with?" 
He surprised her. She didn't like surprises. How she'd ever thought he was a dim-witted farmer shook her powers of perception. Across from her sat a crafty deal maker, and the miracle of him being able to keep his farm all the sudden seemed less from divine means and more from sly ones. 
He was good; she'd give that to him. He had her thinking. It had always been all or nothing for her. Do or die. Her against the world, but was there an alternative? What could she live with? Lake swallowed. Her heart raced, but this time with hope. "I need a day. Allow me to leave for twenty-four hours unhindered, and I'll give you my promise that I'll return." 
"Done." But there was a twinkling in his eyes. 
It was too easy; he knew something she didn't. "And I'll need provisions, a weapon, and..." she racked her brain for anything she was leaving out. "And these chains off." 
"Of course." He nodded toward the pick and stake on the table. "That's why I brought the tools. Anything else?" He smiled with both sides of his mouth this time. 
She didn't trust him, but what else could she do? This meant too much. Lake shook her head. "No." 
"Time for my demands." If possible Hudson leaned back even further in his chair. He seemed way too relaxed. 
She was genuinely confused. There was nothing she had to bargain with. He was the one with all the power. "I don't understand what could you possibly want from me that you don't already have?" 
"You in my bed." 
Did she imagine it or did his eyes grow darker? Don't be stupid, Lake. Contrary to what he thought, she did know how to negotiate. Lake schooled her features, didn't even blink. But it didn't stop her body reacting as if she'd just jumped into a pond of water—mid-winter. 
"That's yours regardless." She wasn't giving anything away by stating the facts. She just had to figure out what his game was. "You don't need to bargain with me in order to get me into your bed." 
"True, but I do need you pregnant. I don't put it above the Elders to come and check on my declaration of pending fatherhood. Perjury carries the death penalty, and even though that doesn't concern you over much, it's a big concern to me. I have a farm to work. I don't have time to chase you every time you run. And despite what I said earlier, I've never kept a man in chains—yet. Call me foolish, but I like the thought of sleeping without worrying that my young bride is going to kill me. A man likes his wife willing—at least I do. Given the chance Lake, you might even find bedding me enjoyable." 
Now this didn't surprise her. Men and sex went together like water and desert. "So it comes down to bed sport then." 
"It's been a currency for years." 
"What are the terms?" 
"You get your one twenty-four hour period, with me as your guard, of course. And I get you in my bed until you are pregnant. When you're with child we can readdress the terms." 
"No guard." 
"Not negotiable." 
Lake narrowed her eyes. "Let me go alone, and I'll bring back a year supply of petrol." 
"I have a year supply of petrol." 
"No one has a year supply of petrol, and with winter just around the corner, I'd think long and hard about my offer." She'd lied, of course. Her life wasn't worth a year supply of anything to the Rebels. At least not yet, but she'd become a very good liar over the last year.
A fire lit in his eyes. Oil was a man's drug, and for a landowner, even more so. 
"Fine," he said. "A year supply of gasoline and you willing, in my bed, indefinitely."
She didn't like the way he'd said that last word, but she nodded. The deal seemed more than fair, at least on her end. But… "How do I know that you won't follow me?" 
He did a half-hearted shrug. "You don't. But I am a man of my word. In these parts, honor still means something, and I have a good reputation. The question should be, do you? How do I know that I can trust you?" 
She mirrored his half-hearted shrug. "You don't. But I guess we need to start somewhere." 
"I seem to be doing a lot of the trusting." 
"And I'll be doing a lot of the bedding. So it'll even out in the end." 
The tips of his fingers came together to form a webbed pyramid as he pinned her with his gaze. "I'm a man of my word, Lake, but don't cross me. Men have died for less." 
Her heartbeat pulsed in her throat. She knew what he said to be true. The way he took care of the guard at her execution spoke volumes. But in this world only the strong survived, and she wasn't above using any weapon at her disposal. She lowered her head and gave him her best thick-lashed gaze. "I wouldn't expect any less. Who knows, this marriage may turn out to be enjoyable for us both."
He tapped his fingers together in an annoying pattern. "As long as you remember, enjoyable is optional. You in my bed is not." 

***

How long had he stood here, in a dark pocket of the barn, watching her ready herself for her journey? Ten minutes? Fifteen? The question he should ask himself was how long was he willing to stand here and let his gaze trace the swell of her bottom and the sweet profile of her breasts before he decided to go back on their bargain? 
Lake stood in the open doorway, tucking her long white braid underneath a non-descript hat. A bag was thrown over one shoulder, a sword strapped to her hip. Gone was the flimsy white gown, instead she was dressed in sturdy traveling clothes—an old shirt of his, a pair of pants she must've begged off one his men, since his would've never fit her smaller frame. 
She stood silhouetted against the setting sun, the glow outlining her with an orange halo, the evening breeze floating stray wisps of hair around her head. 
Was this the last time he'd see her? So many things could go wrong. The sword she carried was no match for a desperate man bent on evil. She could be abducted, or get lost and die wandering in the desert. She could get killed. She could simply not return. 
His hand ached. Hudson looked down, surprised to see his fingers wrapped in a death grip around the hilt of his sword. He'd make her stay, break his word. No one would blame him. It would be the wise and prudent course. 
Slowly he released his grip, forced himself to relax. He wasn't a gambler. He knew that much about himself. A man didn't hold on to land like his by chance. And yet, there was a part of him that wanted a real marriage. Was his longing to have a wife he could trust worth losing all he had on the word of one towheaded girl? 
Hudson walked toward Lake, making his footsteps heard. It wasn't smart to startle a feisty mare, and he supposed the same could be true for wives. 
Her head jerked up. Her gaze followed him the length of the barn. Had he ever noticed a person's eyes before? He noticed hers. He'd never seen that color. They were so large and blue they had the look of an exotic creature amongst the dull browns and blacks of the other men. 
"You ready then?" he said. It was a stupid question, considering the circumstances. Odd that he even felt the need to break the silence between them. 
She nodded. She'd rested earlier and had matched him plate for plate during dinner. She'd eaten like she hadn't in a long time or like she'd believed it would be her last. 
The thought did nothing to ease his misgivings. 
He leaned against the outside wall and watched the last of the twilight slip behind the mountains. "You'll be back by sunset tomorrow?" It was more of a statement then a question, but still it couldn't hurt to reiterate. 
She nodded and looked anxiously toward the darkening landscape. Such a hurry to be off. Time to get to his point then. He swallowed. "I wanted to ask something of you."
Her blue gaze flicked back to his face, he guessed in an attempt to read him. "The bargain is already set. A man of honor wouldn't attempt to re-negotiate." 
Was he a man of honor? It was hard to remember. Still, if he wanted a real marriage he'd have to trust at some point. But his trust only went so far. With the shortage of woman and the lack of places to hide, there was no where she could run that he wouldn't find her. "This has nothing to do with our deal. This is…it's something I'd like for you to give freely." 
Lake shifted her bag and focused back on the distant horizon, probably tracing her route in her head. Men didn't dismiss him, and yet, his little dove did it so easily. 
"Again, all I have belongs to you," she said. "And even if I had something to give, according to you, it has a price. There's nothing left. Unless of course, you want my life, but I guarantee that won't come free." 
He refused to be goaded. "Such extremes, Lake. Here, I could be asking for something as simple as a smile, and you raise the stakes to that of life or death." 
She turned her head and raised an eyebrow. "Is it a smile than?" 
That had gotten her attention. Good. He hated to be the only one interested in this conversation. His smiled at that thought. "No…it's a bit more than that." 
"Which is..." 
My, my, was there something more than dispassionate acceptance in her eyes? "A kiss." 
"A kiss?" 
"Yes, I've heard it's customary for a husband and wife to share a goodbye kiss." 
She twisted the strap of her bag around her finger then looked back up at him. "Have you ever done it before?" Her voice had lowered to the level used for secrets and behind-closed-door sins. 
"No, but I am up for a demonstration. You?" Hudson was glad he was leaning far enough away so she couldn't hear the hammering in his blood. 
"Once. When I was a teenager there'd been an Elder who had wanted to buy me for a wife. My father rejected his suit. Later, he surprised me when I was out looking for my brother. He grabbed me and stole a kiss from behind a tree."
"What happened?" He was strangely surprised at the tightening of skin at the base of his skull. 
"My father found us. The man escaped with his life…and a bullet in his leg." 
He nodded. There might be some sympathy for a man willing to risk his life for a simple kiss, but what a father had to do to protect his daughter in a world full of men was nothing he'd question. 
"Where are your parents now?" He wouldn't have minded meeting the man who'd kept his daughter from being married off at some ridiculously young age. Some men had been known to do much less for their daughters.
Lake pulled the brim of her hat lower. "Dead. Influenza." 
She was lying. Dead he believed. Influenza he did not, even though it was a common enough way to go. "It looks like you're the one with the experience, so I'll be following your lead." 
"And what if I say no?" 
He couldn't stand it. She drew him as a mare in heat would draw a stallion. In two strides he stood over her. If she needed convincing, he would convince. Putting fear into her hadn't worked, maybe sweetening his words would. "You're beautiful. Has anyone ever told you that?" 
"Many times," she deadpanned.
"Of course, they have. How about your eyes? Have they told you your eyes are like the ocean?" 
"You've seen the ocean?" 
"Once, when I was a boy. Would you like me to take you? I would you know, just say the word and we could go."
"I've no desire to see the ocean," she said, but couldn't meet his eyes.
"Really? How about the mountains then? Have you ever seen snow? Your hair is the same color. The winters are slow on the farm. We could go for a time. I could teach you how to make snow angels and forts." He twirled a strand of her hair in his finger and brought it to his lips. 
"I-I prefer to do things alone, and I don't like playing childish games." Her fair skin couldn't hide the flush of blood as it warmed her cheeks, traveled her neck, and disappeared underneath her shirt. He wondered how far down her blush went. He liked the thought that one day soon, he'd find out. 
"Maybe you haven't been playing the right games. The ones I have in mind are fun, and even more so when played together." He braced one hand on the wall behind her head and angled his body in such a way—not to trap—but for her to know he was close. Lake took a step back, notched her head to look up at him. He bowed his own. 
She was so small and slight. He could see the protruding ridge of her collarbone and how it dipped into a half moon at the base of her throat. He wanted to smell her, taste her, bloody hell, he'd settle for a brush of her fingers across his own. Tiny veins mapped out blue rivers underneath the translucent skin of her chest, skin he'd bet was as soft as the fuzz on a new-born chick. 
He lowered his whiskered jaw to brush the spot where her shoulder sloped up to her neck. 
She started, but didn't pull away. Good enough for him. 
His nose traced a path to behind her ear where her skin met hair the color of clouds. He inhaled. 
The first real scent of his wife, and all he could think of was surprise. He thought she'd smell just like any other person, maybe cleaner, simpler, but this was…dewy skin flush from a bath, meadows fresh after a rain. This was the scent of his longings on dark winter nights, the buzzing of spring during mating season. The aroma of cravings he hadn't known he even had.
This was his woman. 
"What are you doing?" 
"Waiting—very patiently I might add—for you to say yes." 
"I need to go." 
"Then your answer is no?" 
In the quiet, he could hear each of her shuddered breaths. Then she shook her head. 
He whispered in her ear. "So you're saying yes?"
She nodded. 
It wasn't enough. He brushed his lips against the shell-like ridge of her ear. "Say yes." 
He had sighed the words more than spoken them. He felt her tremble as chills textured her skin. Hudson smiled. She wasn't nearly as unaffected as she'd let on. 
"Yes."
Carefully, so as not to frighten, his lips trailed a path to hers. The soft press of skin was sweet. But sweet was for elderly parents and loyal, old plow mares. He was a man, and he'd waited a long time for a wife. 
He pressed for more with his lips, with his body. 
Her hand fluttered up to his chest and then rose and cupped the back of his neck. 
Still not enough. He kissed at the corners of her mouth, pulled at the fullness of her bottom lip. Her mouth parted on a sigh. He captured her exhalation. 
Be bold. She'd bolt, run away, be scared and disgusted at his advances. But even as he had the thought, he couldn't help the tentative touch of his tongue past her parted lips. 
Lake startled alright. Then with no shame, she opened her mouth and plunged into his with a wild sweep of her tongue. 
Now, it was his turn to be startled, and he handled it so much better. He jerked back. "What was that?"
If her blush before was a fine pink, her coloring now could be nothing short of fire red. Lake pushed him back and lowered her head so all he could see was the top of her ugly brown cap. 
"That's enough kissing," she said, her voice a few octaves shy of a squeak. 
For the most part, Hudson considered himself to be a smart man. He knew how to read and write and anything with numbers came easily to him. But he realized when it came to seducing his wife, he wasn't just a slow learner, he was a complete idiot. 
He reached for her. "I didn't mean we had to stop..."
Lake swung her bag. He was sure it was just to adjust her pack from one shoulder to the other; knocking his hand out of the way had been purely accidental.
It hadn't felt accidental. Especially as his wife squared her shoulders and walked out into the night. He watched her hips, encased in a pair of tight pants, sway into the distance.
At thirty-four, he'd finally had his first kiss and then promptly had blown it. If he'd screwed this up, how the hell was he going to make it through his wedding night? 
He smiled. As with anything, it would take practice. 
Perhaps years and years of practice. 

***

Lake stumbled across the vast desert valley. Distant mountains surrounded her on all sides like hardened sentinels, their rocky faces obstacles to her escape. There was nowhere to hide, no trees or rolling hills, just barren land until the steep upturn of the mountain paths. Only the moon and stars bore witness to her reddening face, and still her heart beat as if she were in a race. She couldn't get the image of Hudson's shocked face out of her mind. What had she been thinking? What in The Path had she been thinking to stick her tongue inside Hudson's mouth like that? 
And yet, under the cloak of night and isolation, Lake could admit his embrace hadn't felt disgusting. She hadn't told Hudson the full truth. When she'd first been kissed it was by an Elder who had been years older and many degrees richer than her father. Her family would've been well off if the proposal had been accepted. But her father had rejected the old man. Later, when her suitor had found her in the woods and stuck his tongue in her mouth, all she'd thought was that kissing was wet and tasted like sour wine and apples. She'd no doubt things would've gone further, except her father had heard her screams and come out to investigate—with his shot gun. 
If she'd known what she knew now, she would've lain down and let the Elder take her right then and there. But that was the cruelty of hindsight, it allowed a person to see their choices, but never allowed the changing of them. 
But kissing Hudson had been different. No one had ever talked to her that way before. No one had ever taken the time to ask her what she wanted. In a world full of men, a woman got used to cold and cruel. There was no room for gentleness, no room for whispered compliments. Why Hudson had done that? She had no idea. And she didn't know what to think about the tender way he had tangled her hair in his fingers. The way he'd taken his time to inhale her scent, and how his breath had tickled the delicate skin behind her ear. And she didn't want to think of how her palm had rested on his chest and the thump of his heart had her wondering if he'd been in a race of his own. 
During the brief moment when Hudson had held her in his arms, the plague of demons had ceased their chatter, the darkness had pulled back, and the weight of her guilt had been set down. 
Lake scrubbed her hand over her face. She had no time for this. Fantasies of kisses were for weak, love-struck girls. She was neither. So what if Hudson thought she was disgusting and ill-mannered? His opinion didn't matter. It wasn't as if she'd ever see him again. 
There was a cramp in her belly, but Lake ignored it—shouldn't have had that third helping of stew. Of course, it had nothing what-so-ever to do with breaking her promise to Hudson. She had other promises to keep, ones that superseded a wife's to her husband. Besides, Lake would've broken a vow to God himself to make this meeting. 
The distance from her rendezvous point to her childhood home had only been a few minutes' walk, but from Hudson's farm it was a lot farther. It hadn't been difficult sneaking out of her house during the first night of the full moon to meet her contact. But then the raid had happened and she'd spent months in prison. Now, she didn't even know if her contact would be waiting for her. 
Did they have Vonn? 
That one question burned like a venomous sting in her belly and looped in her mind never finding an answer. 
Was Vonn even alive?
She'd played both possibilities out in her mind. The Rebels had Vonn; he was safe and waiting for her at their camp. And then there was the other possibility, the one that whispered that choices had consequences. Lake had made her choice.
 A simple life brings God's favor, but a life of distractions, his displeasure. 
She'd left the simple path of The Way, and had complicated her life. Had she incurred God's wrath? Would Vonn's death be her punishment?
The moon—and her exhaustion—played tricks with the light, making the way unclear. Lake tripped and skidded to a stop on her hands and knees. She pushed herself back up, ignoring the sting on her palms. 
Vonn is just a little boy. He's innocent. 
But she wasn't. She'd left The Way. She would've done anything to secure her brother a better life. And yet, that might be the very reason Vonn could be dead right now. 
Lake hadn't thought about the night her world had gone up in flames. It was too painful. Too big to let out. But now, with the wide openness of the land around her and the vastness of the sky above, there seemed to be enough room. Enough space to release her pain. 
The Rebels had come at night, always at night, as if that was any protection. 
"Go to your room, Lake," her father had said. "And take your brother with you." 
Lake nodded, but hadn't wanted to go. Guests were a rare treat and so was hearing of the latest news from Portal City. But these three men weren't ordinary travelers. With their camouflaged uniforms and large guns strapped to their backs, Lake knew they were soldiers—Rebels.
Lake tucked Vonn into the bed that they shared, and then pressed her ear to the thin wall. 
"The manufacturing of microbiotics does not belong to the Elders alone," said one of the men. The fierce looking one with the bright blue eyes? Maybe. He seemed like the leader with his greying hair and chiseled look of a man long on the run. 
"The Way is clear on this matter," her father answered. "A simple life leads to God, and the Elders forge the path. To go outside this arrangement tempts God's displeasure." 
Someone pounded on the table—the younger man with the scar on his cheek? He had seemed angrier, the more impetuous of the three. "And what about God's displeasure when hundreds of men die from infection? What about God's displeasure then, old man?" 
"If those men were followers of The Way, then they wouldn't have to die. They'd get the medicine," her father shouted back. 
"That's not true. The supplies of microbiotics are dwindling as we speak."
"Who's to say that their deaths aren't God's way of dealing with wrong doers?" her father said.
There were more shouts and curses. Arguments that went long into the night until finally Lake gave up and crawled into bed alongside Vonn. She wrapped her body around his small frame, letting his heat warm her chilled bones. 
Lake could've told the Rebels her father would never help the Rebellion. How many times had she fought with him over the very same thing? How many times had she told her father that the Elders were corrupt and could no longer lead them in the Path? 
But her father was loyal to The Way. He was one of the lucky ones. He'd been able to afford a wife and now had a daughter to sell. Her father had made a nice living for himself under the Elders' rule. He would never risk his future even if he was fearful of the Elder's cruel swift justice. Her father would never risk his family by throwing his lot in with the Rebels, who were mostly poor men with nothing to lose. 
There was a chance that Vonn could follow in their father's footsteps and become a chemist for the Elders, but Lake didn't think so. Beyond the basics, Vonn had no aptitude for learning. He'd rather play at make-believe and spend his days watching the animals in the forest. Lake wrapped her finger around the white-capped curls of Vonn's hair. More than likely he'd become a field hand, never able to afford a family of his own. 
The shocking cold of the water brought Lake back to the present as she passed through the small stream, the rocks slippery with moss under her feet. The landscape had changed. The barren expanse of the desert was now marked with a few sparse trees. Small thistly bushes lined the bank. The mountains still loomed in the distance, but no more than a few hours walk away. This journey across the valley shouldn't have taken so long, but the months she'd spent in prison in a dark, wet cell had taken their toll. 
If the Elders had known it was her who'd crept out that night and chased down the Rebels—if they'd have known it was her, and not her father, who had brought a computer into their home to work on the formula, she would've been executed right alongside her parents. 
An owl's hoot drifted on the night air. Fear clawed in her throat as she tried to decipher the call. Real or fake? Real or fake? She unsheathed her sword, startling the large bird of prey from his perch above her. She watched its flight across the sky and remembered another call, part raven, part owl that had awakened her from her sleep. 
"Hurry, children," her father had whispered as he roused them from bed. "Run to the forest. The Elders have come."
Panic spiked through her blood, racing her heart, freezing her muscles. Had they come for her? Had she been found out? "Why, Dad? What's happened?"
"Nothing child, I'm sure it's just a raid. But go anyway, no use inciting men with a glimpse of a beautiful girl." He winked at her and then was gone.
Her heart pounded, and her palms were wet as she dragged a disorientated Vonn out of bed and toward the bedroom door.
"Lakie, what's going on?" He'd grabbed his white tattered blanket and was holding it up to one eye.
"Hush, Vonn, you need to listen. You have to go to the safe place. You remember where I showed you to hide? Good. I'll be right behind you. No, just go. Quickly now." 
Lake turned around, her mind a disoriented jumble. Think, Lake, where did you put it? Where? Last night the wind had beaten against the walls. Inside she'd been warm and safe in her bed, her computer propped up on her lap. After she was done she would’ve gotten up, put on her coat and shoes and taken the contraband outside. She would've hidden it like she had every night over the past few months. But she hadn't. Just this once, she'd thought it would be all right. Just this once, she'd slipped her computer under the bed instead of taking it outside to the safe place the Rebels had made for her. 
She dived toward the bed, her fingernails clawing on the hard-packed dirt floor. The door banged open. Rough hands captured her from behind and hauled her out the bedroom door. Most of the men had clubs or swords—some had guns. Someone grabbed her hair and pulled, she fell—didn't matter—she was dragged outside. 
"We have nothing. Nothing! " her mother sobbed over and over again. 
Lake ran to her, wrapping her arms around her mother's trembling frame. "It's alright, Mom. Everything will be alright. Dad will make them see. We have nothing to hide." 
Then there was a shout—a battle cry of sorts. It trembled the ground, entered her body, making her head snap up, her back arch. COMPUTER!!
It happened so fast. Fire came out of nowhere. Flames licked at the thatch roof of her home. Men ripped her mother out of her arms, dragged her parents before the head Elder and forced them to kneel. 
"No! No! It's mine. Please! " Lake fought, just like her father had taught her, but she had no weapon. No chance. A fist came out of the inky blackness and got her across her face. She opened her eyes. A dark pool had formed under her nose. She pushed herself up from the ground, but there was nowhere to go—for her. But Vonn?
Run, Vonn! Run!
 A cloaked man stood before her parents—his robe thicker and of better quality than the men around him, face hidden deep within his hood. He spoke some words—a judgment? But Lake couldn't hear over the roar of the flames. A sword, flashing orange from the fire, rose. Light caught two flat red stones that peered out at her like eyes on the hilt. Then the sword fell. Once. Twice. Two heads in the dirt. The grass shiny with blood. And Lake all alone.




Chapter Four


The sun was high and beating down hard from a white sky. All of Lake's water was gone, and her head throbbed to the pulsing of her heart. But she'd made it to the base of the mountain. All she had to do was climb up. 
Lake allowed her gaze to trace the winding trail and would've cried if she'd had any energy left. She thought of sitting, taking a break, closing her eyes. 
Did they have Vonn? 
One foot in front of the other. There was no other option. 
Lake had no idea how long she'd walked, but by the time she'd ducked into the cool darkness of the cave, the sun was low and tired in the sky, sinking like an old man into his bed. 
Inside, large smooth boulders were arranged around an ashy fire pit. The ceiling rounded up into an uneven dome. Faded images of men with arrows chasing animals, long gone from this world, danced across the walls. Near the back, natural depressions in the cave lead to small slits in the rock, but as far as she knew there was only one way in and one way out. She stuck her hand behind a rock ledge and pulled out a water jug and some dried meat. Every time she'd been here the provisions had been replaced and were somewhat fresh. 
She ripped off the cap and downed the water, spilling just as much down her neck as she did her throat, wetting her shirt. 
"Careful or you'll throw it all back up." 
Lake startled. She'd thought she was alone. Turning, she reached for the hilt of her sword. Behind her, where the sunlight didn't dare shine, Lake watched a shadow separate itself from the surrounding darkness. A hooded, cloaked figure stepped forward on silent feet. 
Elder. Lake dropped the jug and unsheathed her sword. Her skill with the weapon was nowhere near that of an Elder. They were trained masters, but she might be able to buy herself enough time to run. 
"Easy, White Fox. You're among friends," he said, and lowered his deep hood, exposing a smooth expanse of scalp. 
Grey Owl. She'd never been so grateful to see a balding head in her life. If he'd ever had hair, she couldn't have guessed. Even his eyebrows were only raised pink ridges. He'd been with the Rebels the night they visited her father. He had come back with the computer and taught her how to use it. He had made the safe place, had been her contact since she'd joined the Rebellion. Grey Owl was her last and only friend.
"Sorry about the robes," Grey Owl said. "Slipping back and forth through the Portal is easier when you don't look like a Rebel."
"I thought I was alone." Lake's hand trembled as she tried to sheath her sword, but Grey Owl was kind enough not to mention her unsteadiness. 
There was an uneasy moment of silence. For months the question of Vonn's fate had burned in her gut, but now that the answer was before her, she couldn't seem to form the words. Lake's arms folded over her belly. Either way, it all ended here. "Do you have Vonn? Do you know if the Elders found him? Is he alive?" 
Grey Owl stepped forward, concern making deep ridges in his forehead. "At ease, White Fox. He's doing well. Missing his sister, asking about his parents, but for the most part loving at playing soldier." 
Lake heard the words, but she needed to be absolutely sure. Needed to make sure there was no misunderstanding. "So you have him? He—Vonn is alive?"
Grey Owl's pink ridges rose. "Yes. I'm so sorry. I wish there had been a way to tell you, but I couldn't take the risk."
Lake shook her head, and then drew the first full breath she had in months. The rush of oxygen made her dizzy. She lowered herself onto a rock, placing her head between her knees. 
Vonn was alive! 
"I heard what happened to your family," Grey Owl said. "The Elders are tightening their grip and increasing their raids. The word in the camp is that it's The Face of Ram who's been spearheading the movement." 
She straightened to look at Grey Owl. "The Face of Ram? Who's that?" 
Grey Owl shrugged. "We know nothing, except the sword he carries has the image of a ram etched in the hilt with rubies for eyes." He came over and squeezed her shoulder. "There's nothing we can do for your parents, but your brother is safe. When I heard about the raid I went to see if anything could be salvaged. I checked the safe place and found Vonn hidden inside. I took him with me when I went through to Dark Planet." 
Maybe God didn't hate her. Could it be that she hadn't fallen into disfavor? Something cool tickled her cheeks. Wet splotches marked the dust by her feet. 
There was an awkward clearing of his throat. Apparently dealing with weeping females wasn't high on his list of duties. "White Fox, we need to know, do you have the formula?" 
The computer, the microbiotics, the night of the raid, all of it came back and rested like a heavy cloak around her shoulders. She looked up and nodded. "I figured out the organic compound the night of the raid." 
Grey Owl looked surprised. Only a few deep wrinkles marked the corners of his outer eyes, yet he carried himself as a man who should have many. Lake wondered how many years he'd devoted to the Rebellion. "I had no idea you had figured it out so quickly, but this is good. Very good. Did you bring the formula with you?" 
Lake tapped her temple. "It's all right here. I can set up a lab once I'm at the Rebel camp." 
She trusted Grey Owl, but she wasn't reunited with Vonn yet, and the formula was her only bargaining advantage. 
"You're coming with me?" 
"Yes, of course, that's where Vonn is. We'll be safe on Dark Planet."
He narrowed his eyes and stepped closer, using his height to loom over her. "I heard that you were married, that your 'bride price' was paid by some stupid farmer. I also heard that you were with child. Are you a free woman to come and go as you choose?"
"I thought all men and women were free according to the Rebellion." 
"Don't be coy with me, gal. We still have to contend with Elder law. So tell me do you have a husband who is hunting you down as we speak?" 
Hudson. It grated her on so many levels that he had rights to her. He would chase after her. She remembered the determined look in his eye, the stubborn tic in his jaw. There was no place on earth she could go that Hudson wouldn't follow. He'd hunt her down, of that she was sure. 
A nervous tingle started in her belly when she noticed night had fallen. He'd threatened before to chain her to his bed. Even if she went back right now, his trust would be broken. He would never allow her to be out of his sight again. She'd be useless to the Rebellion. 
Besides, would he allow Vonn to stay with them? Take on another mouth to feed? She couldn't take the chance of him saying no. If she went to Dark Planet she could choose her own path, have a crucial part in the Rebellion, and Vonn would be with her. 
This wrestling of conscience was ridiculous. She'd made her decision even before she'd spoken the words to Hudson. Lake shook her head, already seeing where Grey Owl was leading to. "No, I escaped from prison. Other than being a criminal under Elder law, I'm a free woman." 
 The lines around his eyes grew deeper as he stared her down. "You wouldn't be lying to me? I've been around a long time and have seen everything under the sun. If I took a married woman with me to Dark Planet it would be nothing short of wife-stealing. If the people got wind that the Rebels were taking wives, all public sympathy would cease. We'd be no better than the Elders, who kidnap daughters and wives for their own use. This is the people's rebellion, and I'd be willing to jeopardize the Cause about as much as I'd be willing to stop breathing." 
Grey Owl was a good Rebel, but he was also old-fashioned. He believed public opinion mattered, but the Elders had been in power despite public opinion for years. It was the microbiotics that would win this war. The fickle sway of the people's loyalty was a small price to pay to be free of her husband. Lake stared him in the eye and nodded. She'd become rather good at lying.
"Good, so then before we go any further, show me your back."
Apparently not that good.
Lake swallowed. The low of a woman's back was the most intimate place on a female. A virgin only uncovered her back to her husband, and then only on her wedding night. To show Grey Owl that spot was to break with all modesty. But so far she'd broken all the rules, why should this time be any different? 
Lake couldn't help the flush of heat to her face as she turned and lifted her shirt to expose the smallest sliver of skin. Even when she'd kissed Hudson she hadn't felt this exposed. Between the auction and their arrangement there hadn't been time for the wedding night and the subsequent Marking. Lake was glad that she'd demanded to have her side of the bargain fulfilled first.
 "That shows me nothing, gal. Pull down your waistband. Your husband could be poor and only have the smallest name to Mark you with. Lower or I'll pull your pants down myself." 
Let me die. But Lake had prayed for that before and nothing had happened. She closed her eyes and pulled on the drawstring of her pants to expose the small of her back. 
"There's no Mark. You're clean. We'll rest here tonight and be on our way first thing tomorrow morning." 
"No, we need to be off now," Lake said, already grabbing her pack, desperately wanting to put more space between her and her husband.
"Why? Is there something you aren't telling me? I hate to close my eyes tonight only to not wake with someone's knife in my back." 
He was too wily for an old man—years under Elder law did that to a person. But she needed him. There was no way she'd make it through the Portal on her own. "No, but the Elders could be tracking me. I'm a wanted criminal." 
Grey Owl shook his head. "Elders wouldn't track you this far into no-man's land. Why bother when they know where you're headed." 
"And that is?" 
"Where all the criminals go—Portal City." 

***

The day had been unbearable to Hudson. Every hour had stretched as if it were doubled. Every minute forward on the clock gave way to two that stood still. But Hudson had borne it. He bore the sly glances from his men. The looks that said if they'd had a wife they wouldn't have let her go into the night with no protection. They wouldn't have gambled all of their livelihoods on the fickle words of one woman. Everyone knew women couldn't be trusted. 
Yet, there was an epic difference between could and should.
No, he should be able to trust his wife. She'd given her word, made a promise. A woman who courted death fighting for a cause wasn't without honor. Besides, he had saved her life. That had to be worth something. 
And…and damn himself, but if he was being truthful the promise of oil had the hairs on the back of his neck standing straight up.
Hudson waited. He was a man of his word. Whether his wife was honorable or not, he wouldn't go back on his promise. So he waited. He waited as the sun beat down hard from directly overhead. He waited as the shadows stretched long and dark across his land and his horse was saddled. He waited as he watched the sky turn from blue to purple and the dogs were released from their kennels. But still Hudson waited, still hoped. It wasn't until the pink sunset faded to muted gray. Not until each man was on his horse, dogs straining and braying at their leashes, the scent of his wife's gown fresh in their nostrils. No, not until the last ray of light faded to darkness did Hudson raise his arm…then drop it. 
The hunt was on. He had a disobedient wife to capture. 
The dogs were let loose, barking and snarling as they took the lead. Hudson and his men followed. Cold anger had him riding the horse harder than he should have. Someone had taken his wife or, more likely, she'd lied to him and ran away. 
The dogs brayed, telling their masters that they'd found his wife's scent. Hudson urged his mount faster. Racing a plow horse over dark terrain with nothing more than starlight to lead the way was ludicrous. He seemed to be dealing in lots of ludicrous things lately. 
Was there another lover? The thought had him digging his heels into his horse's sides. That was simply not an option. All he knew was something of his had been taken, and he intended to get it back.
Screw honor. He should've chained her to his bed and screwed her instead.

***

Lake opened her eyes to the absolute blackness of the cave, her heart pounding in her chest. Nothing moved, nothing sounded in the night, but she knew what had woken her. She should've taken the chance and made her way to Portal City on her own. She'd gambled. She'd lost. And now Hudson had come for her. 
"I was worried," said a voice from somewhere in the dark. "Worried, when you didn't make it home." 
Was that Hudson? The voice didn't sound quite like what she knew of her husband. She hadn't known him long, but he seemed to be more of a charmer, at least he had the night outside his barn. Even when the Elders had been gouging him with the "bride price" Hudson had never lost his cool. Even after she had tried to kill him and he'd tackled her to the ground, he hadn't given over to rage. 
But now his voice sounded thick, raw, like a wild animal caught in a trap. 
Lake inched her hand toward her sword. She knew he could handle an axe, but maybe if she caught him by surprise.
"I wouldn't if I was you," he said. 
She should've known it was useless. 
"I let you live the first time you tried to kill me. Don't think I'll be as accommodating the second."
This was accommodating?
The dark had disorientated Lake, and she couldn't pinpoint where Hudson was, or Grey Owl, for that matter. "What have you done with the old man?" 
"Your concern is touching. Light the fire, and you'll find out. There are matches by the pit." 
Lake fumbled in the dark, but finally got a small fire going. The flames threw gruesome images against the cave walls, barely providing enough light to bank the dark, but Lake could make out the two men across from her. 
Grey Owl stood with his hands bound behind his back. Hudson was behind him, his axe blade steady at the old man's throat. 
"I have one question," Hudson said, his smile more of a sneer, his hair more tussled than usual. Where his eyes had earlier reminded her of changing maple leaves at autumn, they were now straight black, and held nothing but the promise of winter. 
"My question to you, dear wife, is since I paid all of my life savings for your blood and bride price..." 
She could run. He looked fast, but she was quick.
"Entailed half my farm, and not to mention lost a full day's work chasing after you..." 
She studied her husband's face. Would he release his captive and chase her? Or would he play it safe and secure the old man before coming after her? Could she really leave Grey Owl at the mercy of a mad man?
"My question is this," he growled. "Should I have you stand there and watch as I slit your lover from stem to stern. Or should I kill you both and be done with it?" 




Chapter Five


No, Hudson, please listen." Lake rose up both her hands. Apparently, even for a person as damned as she, there were only so many sins one could carry. 
So this was the punishment God intended for her. To have Vonn alive, but for her to never be able to get to him. 
"Damn you, gal," Grey Owl spat out. "Damn you to the ancient Christians' hell. I should've never trusted you." 
Hudson laughed, the fire contorting his handsome features into something not. "She lied to you also, old man? Well, you aren't the first man to meet your end because of a pretty little woman. I dare say I'll be right behind you, once the Elders find out she's not carrying my brat." 
He'd gone mad if the cruel press of his mouth was any warning, but Lake had to try anyway. "Hudson, he's not my lover. That is not what this is about."
"At least now, the gal is telling the truth," Grey Owl said. "I asked her if she had a husband who would be coming after her. She even showed me her back. What kinda fool man doesn't Mark his woman?" 
"A fool who trusted too much," Hudson replied. 
They were at an impasse. Would Hudson believe her? Her past behavior didn't speak well for her.
Hudson stared at her, his face contorted in disgust. "I'll find out regardless, but if you tell me the truth it will go easier on you. Are you still a virgin?" 
Lake was glad for the low lighting to hide the blush she knew was there. She nodded. 
"Why did you run away? If he's not your lover, then what is he to you? And why meet him in secret?" 
That question was a lot harder to answer. What did she give away, and what did she keep back? Could Hudson be trusted? Who did he follow? The Way? Or did he sympathize with the Rebellion? 
"To tell you puts people's lives in jeopardy," she said.
"To not tell me puts your own life in jeopardy?" Hudson countered.
Lake straightened her shoulders. Hard choices seemed to be her specialty. "As you know, I am a Rebel sympathizer. This man was taking time-sensitive information back to the Rebellion." 
"What information?" 
Grey Owl gave her a look. It wasn't hard to read the message in his eyes. "I can't tell you." 
Hudson didn't even flinch. His axe pressed deeper against Grey Owl's throat. Blood seeped from under the blade. 
"Please," Lake stepped forward. "Please, ask me anything else. I'll tell you the truth." 
"Were you going with him? Did you even plan to come back to me?" 
Lake swallowed. "Yes…and no." The truth at times was so simple. 
A muscle in Hudson's jaw flexed, his knuckles bleached white as he tightened his grip on his weapon. Lake closed her eyes and turned away. She couldn't watch another execution. 
"Did you even think what your absence would mean to me and my men? Did you even consider what your actions would do to them? Are their lives less valuable or is it only you who gets to decide who's worth saving and who's not?"
 Lake looked back to her husband. No, she hadn't thought of his men. An unwed man couldn't hold land, but she hadn't thought of what would happen to all his laborers if the Elders took his farm. Nevertheless, it wouldn't have changed a damn thing. 
"It's not what you think. I…have a brother. The Rebels have him at their camp. I need to go to him. He's the only family I have left." 
If Hudson was surprised at her reason for betraying him, he didn't show it, though some of the black bled from his eyes, showing a bit more warmth. "This information that is so important, that was worth more than me and all of my men's lives put together, who has it?" 
"I do," Lake said. 
Hudson looked from Grey Owl and then back to her. Grey Owl bobbed his head. "Then it's simple. My wife comes back with me, and if the Rebels truly want the information then they'll bring your brother to my farm. Her brother for the information." 
Grey Owl grunted. "I can't do that. We need what she has right away. Tell her to give me the formula now, and I'll send her brother to you." 
A different sort of panic set within Lake, but she didn't have time to protest. 
"Does no one know how to negotiate?" Hudson asked. "My part in this bargain is that I am letting you live, old man. Take that and be grateful. If the formula is really that imperative to the Rebellion, then you will follow my demands." 
Hudson looked at her. "Lake, my men are at the bottom of the mountain, waiting for my signal. Tell Saul and Locke to come up." 
Lake walked over to the edge of the cliff, so glad she hadn't tried to escape. Of course, he'd brought his men with him. At some point she really needed to stop underestimating her husband. 

***

Hudson sat Lake in front of him astride his horse. His men had tied up the old man in the cave so it would take at least a few hours before he could get free. No use in having one cranky old Rebel coming after them. Dawn had painted the desert in typical form. Pinks and purples bled across the sky with light and shadow dancing their early morning tango. As colored seeped back into the world the night of no sleep started to catch up with him. He hadn't slept in close to twenty-four hours, his wife, probably even less. 
At first Lake sat rigid in the saddle, not allowing her back to touch his front. At one point she even shifted so her behind wouldn't bump against him. Like he'd allow that. With one arm he pulled her back tight toward him. She squirmed until he whispered in her ear, "Stop fighting me or I'll tie you up and make you walk behind me." 
His threat worked wonders. She stopped struggling, and within a few minutes exhaustion kicked in. She fell fast asleep, her head lolling on his chest. He considered himself a man of honor, but he wasn't above taking advantage of his wife's unawareness. He splayed his hand over her belly and let his thumb caress the underside of her breast. Lake moaned in her sleep. He smiled. 
The old man had been right about one thing, Hudson needed to have sex with his wife and get his Mark on her tonight. Having a wife without the protection of his name on her body was asking for trouble. The Elder at the auction had said he'd send the Marker out to his farm in three days' time. As it was they were cutting it close. He needed to have his wife thoroughly bedded, and if Lake was telling the truth, her maidenhead sheets hidden. He couldn't have very well gotten his virgin wife pregnant. 
He looked down at Lake. Her full lips were slightly parted. The opening of her shirt had dipped low, revealing the top swell of her breasts. He tugged at her shirt. The gap widened, showing a wide band she had used to bind herself. He cursed, and then groaned, wondering how much more he could take. He hadn't been this perpetually hard since he'd been a youth. 
The horse picked up pace as soon as they crossed over into his property. If he wouldn't have looked an even bigger fool, he would've kicked his horse into a trot. The fields of yellow and green passed in a blur, at least they did to Hudson, since he could barely take his eyes off the soft jiggle of her breasts. Then, not able to help himself, he cupped one of the tempting globes and allowed his thumb to flick over her nipple. It tightened in response, puckering under the cloth. He did it again. Lake arched into his touch, and then Hudson didn't care how it looked. He kicked his mare into a trot and to hell with what his men thought. 
Hudson knew as soon as he got home and saw the strange horse tied up out front, his time had run out. If he'd had just one extra hour, hell fifteen more minutes, he would've had Lake bedded and this whole marriage would've been legit. As it was now, he was going have to lie. 
"Lake," he gently nudged his wife. "Time to wake up. The Marker is here." 
Lake snapped to, her blue eyes wide and alert. He liked a readiness to act in a man. He guessed he also liked it in a woman. 
"Already?" she said. 
He could tell by the trepidation in her voice that she was nervous. He didn't blame her. He was nervous himself. The Marking was a big moment in a man's life; he supposed in a woman's also. But most men only had one shot to get the ritual right. Women tended to marry at least a few times over the course of their lives, outliving their husbands. By the time a woman reached old age it wasn't unusual for her to be marked up to her shoulder blades. One name crossed off after another.
But for Lake this was her first time, his as well. 
"Do you know what to expect? During the Marking, I mean?" He had his hand lightly resting on her stomach and could feel the short pants of breath. He wished he could ease her fear, but there was nothing he could do. Having his name tattooed on her back was the best protection he could offer her. It marked her as his, let other men know she was taken, and if any harm came to her the full power of his name would come crashing down on their heads like a judgment from hell. 
"My mother told me a little," she whispered. 
Hudson nodded. It was to be expected. "Tell me all you know." 
"She said that there was pain, but if I married the right man, there could be pleasure also. She told me to trust my husband and that there was nothing to be ashamed of." Gone was the confident warrior he had bargained with in the cave. In her place was a woman shy and unsure. 
At the very least he could give her his assurance. "Your mother was a wise woman. I promise I'll take care of you the best I can." 
And he meant it. The Markers had a reputation of being cruel. He'd heard horror stories of them going beyond mere tattoos by branding with knives and fire, but he saw no need to tell Lake any of the rumors. He'd never allow anyone to hurt her. Well, not any more than necessary. 
Hudson dismounted and then helped Lake down. He pretended to get something from his saddle bag, but instead whispered in her ear. With an Elder in his home, one could never be too careful. 
"Remember, we've slept together, and you're already with child, so no virginal blushes. If they even suspect that I've lied to prevent the execution, I'll lose everything, including my life." 
Lake's expression, stony and flat, was impossible to read. He knew now it was how she coped, but he couldn't help a flare of anger at her indifference. He stomped the emotion down. This was no time for pride. Too much was riding on this. "Grey Owl is bringing your brother here. If you are loyal to me and be my wife in truth, I'll take your brother in as my own." He lifted her chin so she could see he meant what he said. "I'm a good man, Lake. I keep my promises. I can give you a good life if you just trust me and give me a chance. Will you trust me?" 
She tried, but couldn't hold the dead look in her eyes. Slowly it gave way to something else, dare he guess…hope?
"Take care of Vonn, and I'll do whatever you ask." 
He knew what she meant. Her brother was the last family she had left, and she'd do anything to secure his safety. But he was just a man. A man who'd ridden with his wife's soft bottom bouncing against his groin for hours. So he took her statement in the only way he wanted to—a willingness to match the erotic images in his head. 




Chapter Six


Lake followed Hudson into his home, glad her legs could still carry her weight. In prison she'd faced much worse. She'd borne up under the torture, the darkness, and the rats like a good Rebel should. But now, now she was afraid. 
I can give you a good life if you would just trust me. Isn't that what Hudson had said? Trust him. When was the last time she fully trusted anyone? Not her father, not even Grey Owl. She knew when she'd joined the Cause she would be fighting alone. She just hadn't realized how lonely it would be. 
Hudson had asked her to be his wife in truth. Would it really be so bad to be protected, have someone fight by her side? Lake shook her head. No, Hudson had made it clear that he wanted nothing to do with the Rebellion. And yet, he'd lied to the Elders, saved her life, and was willing to take Vonn in despite her being a Rebel. Maybe, but this was also the man who was having his name tattooed on to her back. Damn the rituals of The Way.
The Marking was more than just a sign of ownership. It was nothing short of barbaric. Lake had heard the rumors. Women talked. Some said the Marking was painful, some said it was the best pleasure they'd ever had, but they all agreed with one thing: A woman was naked and in the most intimate of positions in front of two men.
Maybe her Marker would be old. Maybe he'd be deaf and blind. Lake mentally shook her head. No. No. She didn't want a blind man doing her tattoo. 
In the end, she didn't have to worry. 
The house was dim compared to the outside. Her eyes took a moment to adjust. The dark coolness was a reprieve from the bright, hot of the desert sun. Inside, the furnishings were simple oak with a few skins draped across for comfort. The mismatched stone flooring was a luxury compared to the dirt of her old home. The one now a pile of cold ashes. 
Near the back of the room where the shadows dominated the light, sat a man behind a long wooden table. He couldn't have been more than forty years old. With his black hair and eyes, the cruel slant of his mouth matched his features. His fingers, long, thin and stained with ink, were folded in a shape of a steeple under his chin. 
The man stood as she and Hudson approached. Though not as tall as Hudson, the man's shoulders were wider—making Lake feel like a child in a room full of adults. Hudson quickly made the introductions. The man didn't divulge his name.
 "Are these from you?" Hudson gestured toward the bottles of wine on his table. 
The Marker shook his head. "They were outside when I got here. I brought them in when I came inside." 
Hudson nodded. "A gift from a neighboring farm for my nuptials. I'll take it to my men for the celebratory toast." 
"I've set up everything in the bedroom," the Marker said. "I've only one question. Did you want to use your generator for the Marking, or not? My preference is the traditional hand-poking, but sometimes it's harder to keep the woman still for such long sessions." 
A heartbeat pulsed in her throat. Of course, the Marker wanted to go the traditional route. Hand-poking was excruciatingly painful and slow. She'd seen men like him before. His kind lurked in dark prison cells, feasted on men's screams, got pleasure from other's pain. 
Lake waited on Hudson. There was nothing she could do. Strictly speaking, the use of electricity went against the principals of The Way, but many of the laws had become lax over the last few years. Even her father had a portable generator he'd used for the winters, the one she'd used to power her computer. Nonetheless, it was a risk. By admitting to owning a generator, a person admitted to having dealings with the Rebels. 
"The generator," Hudson said. "She's carrying my child. I want to keep her stress to a minimum."
If there was a flash of disappointment in the Marker's eyes, it was gone in a hard nod and a swish of robes as he turned and headed toward the bedroom. 
Lake had never been so grateful for a lie in her life. 
Hudson turned to her. "I need to see to the preparations for the dinner. It might be better for them to start the celebration sooner rather than later." 
Lake agreed—the less attention focused on them the better—but everything inside of her protested against going into the bedroom without Hudson. Tentatively, she tugged on the sleeve of his shirt. "I, um, I'll wait for you." 
Hudson stared down at her, his brown eyes trapping her like a hunter's snare. In one quick movement, his palm was behind her head and his lips were pressed to hers. The kiss was different than the last they'd shared—less hesitant, more sure. Her mouth opened under his, but it was Hudson who tasted her first. 
She was still dazed when he broke off and growled in her ear. "You got it all wrong, little dove. It's been me whose been waiting for you." 

***

The bedroom was chilly, or maybe it was her. Sweat dampened the shirt under her arms, and yet, her feet and hands tingled with cold. Hudson was sitting on the edge of the bed, face grim. Had the bed always been that large? It had seemed a luxury when she had rested before she'd met her contact. But now…
The Marker was standing by the bedside table, his instruments of torture laid out in a perfect line. A palm-sized tattoo gun was gripped in his hand. Both men were waiting, staring at her. 
She had stripped off everything except Hudson's long white shirt, the last thing between her and total vulnerability. If she'd any family left she could've requested her mother or an aunt's presence in the room. Instead, it was just her, naked, between two men. 
It wasn't fair. It wasn't fair. And yet, this was her rite of passage. The first principal of The Way—to lay one's soul bare is to earn his name—was taken literally for women. There were no secrets between a man and his wife, thus her "laying bare" as he Marked her as his own. 
Her fingers trembled. The buttons on the shirt were so tiny, the button holes even smaller. Minutes passed as she fumbled with her shirt until finally she pushed it off her shoulders and let the garment pool around her feet. 
Don't look up. 
Even when she heard Hudson's audible gasp. 
Don't look up. 
"I brought leather straps to tie her to the bed if you think she'll be a thrasher," the Marker said. 
That got Lake's attention, but Hudson was already shaking his head. "No need. I'll hold her tight." 
She looked at her husband's large hands. She'd seen those hands commit both acts of violence and of tenderness. She wasn't sure if she was better off or not. 
"Come here, Lake." Hudson beckoned with his fingers. She couldn't help but notice the strain in his voice. Why? It was she who was getting marked. But this was his first time too. Maybe it meant something to him also.
Courage came in all forms: To watch her parents die, to walk with her head high to her death, to stand in front of her husband with her hands fisted by her sides and stare him in the eye. 
What had she thought to find in Hudson's expression? Kindness? Love? There was nothing soft in the narrowing slant of his eyes, the spastic twitch of his jaw muscle, the sinister look of the growth of his beard. 
His hands gripped the bedding, the tendons on his forearms protruding as if afraid to touch her. Afraid or desperate? "Hands on my shoulders." 
She did as she was told. She twisted his shirt in her fingers, hoping her grip would steady her trembling. 
"Straddle me." 
A quick inhale of breath was all the time she had to react before his hands were on her. Coarse calluses scratched the delicate skin around her waist as he grasped her from behind. He picked her up as if she weighed nothing and sat her on his lap, parting her knees on either side of his legs. 
Chills broke wild over her skin. Her trembling turned into full shakes. Her teeth chattered even though she wasn't as cold now with the sudden closeness of Hudson's body. Heat rolled off him like a roaring fire, a bead of sweat trailed down his temple. If she was winter, he was the sun.
He hissed and pulled her closer. His coarse shirt brushed against her sensitive nipples. Shock coursed through her. She jerked back. His fingers bit into the fleshy part of her thigh, and held her in place. "Don't move," he growled. 
"Hudson," the Marker said, his voice seeming to come from a tunnel far, far away. "Give me your full name." 
Hudson was breathing hard, they both were. The panting of their breaths competed with the low roar of the generator. She clutched at his shirt, her spine so straight she thought she'd break.
He bent his head. "Hudson Black Creek Fourth Generation Land Owner," he said, his lips finding a tender spot along her breast bone. 
She could feel the vibration of his words through her hands against his chest. "You wouldn't consider using your initials, would you?" 
"Not a chance." 
She groaned.
He touched her skin; her blood quickened in response. Hands trailed down her sides, over her backside, along her thighs then back up again. He whispered something against the dip between her breasts. If she had any faith left she might've believed it had been a prayer. He moaned, or was that her? He looked past her shoulder to the Marker. "Tell me when you're gonna start."
"On the count of three."
The high pitch of the tattoo gun whined closer. Lake turned to look, but Hudson grabbed her chin and forced her straight ahead. "Just look at me. The whole time, right in my eyes." 
"One." 
The depths of his eyes were like the deep shadows that played across the white dunes of the desert—twisting and turning with the clouds. His palm cupped her backside; his other slipped between her legs…and hovered there.
Embarrassment and heat flushed through her as she realized his intent. She shook her head and tried to squeeze her legs together. "Hudson?"
"Don't move, Lake. Trust me." His breath was coming fast and quick. He widened his legs, making her thighs splay even further apart. Cool air tickled where she was the most hot. Then she felt his hand cupping the most intimate part of her body. 
"Two." 
She hadn't known this would be part of the ritual. Her heart pounded in her chest. Too much. Too exposed. 
"Wait! Hudson, I'm not ready." She was panting now, fear mixed with a need that shivered through her thighs and pulsed with a beat between her legs. Hudson's speared her with his darkened gaze. She watched his throat work as he swallowed. 
"Then we'll wait." His jaw hadn't moved when he spoke. The cords in his neck distended under his flushed skin.
"I'm scared." 
"I'll never hurt you." 
She looked in his eyes and for the first time saw the man. Saw his honor and believed. "I'm ready." 
"Three."
A burn sparked the skin on her back, and with a rough thrust of his hand, Hudson's finger was deep inside her. 
Too much. Too exposed. 
She jerked.
There was a loud slap and a sharp sting on her left bottom cheek. 
"Any more of that and I'll get the leather straps out," the Marker growled. 
Lake nodded that she understood. But the slap had nothing on the moist ache that rode low in her belly. The want twisted her stomach, tightened the muscles around her lungs. 
To lay one's soul bare is to earn his name.
Was she ready to give everything over to this man? No, there had to be another way. She held herself rigid and looked past Hudson's shoulder to the jagged crack in the wall. Her back was on fire. No, not like fire, like she was bitten by thousands of ants.
And then there was Hudson inside her, stroking her, urging her toward something more. 
The high-pitch hum stopped. The Marker pulled her skin taunt, and then started up again.
Hudson's name burned across her back, spreading, and then the fire was on her tailbone. On and on it burned. 
"I don't mind if you scream," the Marker said. "Just don't move." 
She closed her eyes and bit down on her tongue. She'd swallow blood before she'd cry out.
Hudson bent his mouth to her ear. "Let me help you." 
She knew the teachings of The Way. The teachings of her father. One must strip oneself of every defense. 
"You don't have to go through this alone." 
Let go of every weight. 
"Open for me."
 Yield and you will be protected. 
"Trust me."
She looked at Hudson and searched for anything that would give her reassurance. Desire had darkened his eyes to obsidian. The whitened press of his mouth was desperate. And yet, was there another emotion hidden underneath? She'd never let anyone in. Courage had never been her problem. It was faith that she'd wrestled with. Do this. Trust this. She eased herself lower, spread her thighs wider and let this man, her husband, in. 
The thudding of her heart now beat with anticipation. She ran her hand up the back of his head. Fisted her fingers in his hair. Pulled him closer. His lips brushed her skin. Below where Hudson touched her desire flared, and her body shivered with a want she couldn't name. As if reading her mind, Hudson pulled out then stretched her wider with two fingers. In, out. The scent of her arousal cut through the heated smell of the generator, the muskiness of sweat on skin. 
Hudson inhaled deep through his nose. A low growl rode his breath. 
She couldn't feel the Marker behind her. Her skin had gone numb. But she could feel Hudson. His rhythm never wavered as he stroked the desert heat that burned her belly and scorched her thighs.
She took little sips of air, panicked at the thought of what her body was rushing toward. 
"Look at me, Lake." Hudson's voice was thick, straining as if at the breaking point.
But she wouldn't. Not now. Her control was too tentative. 
"When I tell you, I want you to come." 
Shocked at his words, she stared at him. Sweat had dampened his hair. The muscle in his jaw looked as if chiseled from rock. He looked serious, but he had to be kidding. 
She shook her head. 
"Try to hold still." His arm wrapped low around her bottom, held her close as his hand pumped a rhythm that she couldn't deny. 
She moaned, then clamped her eyes shut, embarrassed. "Please."
But she forgot what she was asking please for. 
"Lake, open your eyes." 
She shook her head even as her body forgot all shame and strained toward yes. 
"Open your damn eyes so I can see you." 
She opened her eyes. 
"Now come." 
And she did. 

***

My God, she's beautiful. 
The flare of her hips, the flatness of her belly. The fullness of her breasts that had him thinking of summer ripened fruits. 
Once, years ago, his generator had broken. He'd taken everything apart to try and fix it. Most of it was done by trial and error, and at one point he'd crossed two wires. The shock that went through him gave him a whole new appreciation for electricity. 
Having his wife's naked body sitting on his lap was ten times the jolt. 
Hudson watched as she arched her back and ground her hips into his hand. He loved that the paleness of her hair matched the color between her legs. He loved how she tried to stay still as she climaxed but couldn't. He loved how she moaned his name as he worked her up over and over again.
He loved how when the Marker was finally done and gone his wife had laid limp in his lap, his fingers still inside her. 
He couldn't wait any longer. He moved her off his lap and on to his bed. 
Hudson was past all sense. Blood pumped through his veins, and all he wanted to do was— "Climb to the middle of the bed." 
Desperate hunger filled his gut. The primal urge to see his mark on her back clouded out all higher brain functions. "Turn. Around." His voice coming from down deep in his throat. 
Lake stilled as she sat on the bed, her long hair covered her breasts, her hands clasped in her lap. Was that a chill that went through her? Was she frightened? "Lake?" 
Her gaze floated around the room before finally settling on him. He watched her throat work hard to swallow. She was frightened. Of course, she would be. She'd never done this before, but then neither had he. 
What had his father told him? A little fear was good for a successful marriage. But his father had been an idiot. Hadn't his mother chased him out of her bed with a knife more than once? Hadn't his father put a lock on the outside of the bedroom door to keep his mother in so he could sleep without having to worry she'd come and kill him? Hudson looked at Lake. Was that the kind of marriage he wanted? 
He cursed. Then looked at his wife, and cursed again. "I need a moment." 
He turned and faced the wall, ran his hands over his face. Breathe. He smelled her arousal still on his hands and almost lost his mind. 
He was so hot. He ripped off his shirt, wiped his face and under his arms, then threw the shirt in the corner. Breathe. He could do this. No matter how much his cock wanted to do otherwise, he could go slow.
He turned back around and walked toward his wife. He toed off his boots, but kept his pants on. By The Path he knew he needed help in the restraint department. He climbed up and stretched out beside Lake, hands behind his head. 
Her eyes grew wide as she followed his movements. "What are you doing?" 
"I thought we could talk." 
"Talk? About what?" 
He patted the bed next to him in invitation. "I thought you could tell me about your parents." 
Her face blanched. "I already did." 
He nodded. "You did, but how about the truth this time?" 
She moved beside him and started to pull back the covers. He stopped her with his hand." Do you mind, little dove? I would love to look at you."
She swallowed, but shook her head. She lay on her stomach beside him, close but not touching. Hudson propped himself up on one elbow. So beautiful. His gaze traced the twin curvatures of her shoulder blades as they bracketed the slender column of her spine. The slight impressions of her ribs as they shadowed her skin, and the smallness of her waist as it flared into the roundness of her hips.
Hips that framed his Mark. 
He couldn't help himself. He kissed the spot at the very base of her tailbone. 
She startled. "I thought you said you wanted to talk?" 
"I'm sorry. I'm having a hard time remembering, little dove." 
"Why do you call me that?"
He groaned and fell back, his arm covering his face. "It's foolish. Nothing." 
She turned on her side to look at him, and chuckled. "Are you embarrassed? You are. You're blushing." 
He pushed himself up and leaned over her. "May The Path help me, but I love your laugh. Do it again, and I'll tell you anything you want." 
She laughed in earnest, deep and throaty. 
He groaned. The temptation was too much, and he leaned over for a kiss.
Her fingers touched his lips, blocking his advance. "Tell me." 
He growled. "It's a stupid bedtime story that mothers tell their sons so that they will treat their wives well." 
"I like it already." She smiled. 
He groaned again. "You would. Once upon a time, after years at war, a good king gave his each of his soldiers a white dove for their loyal service. Some of the men scoffed at the gift, and either let the bird go, or made dove soup for dinner."
"That's terrible, doves make a horrible soup. They're better in a pie," she said as her white teeth gently worked the nail on her thumb. And Hudson right then and there decided that the sexiest parts on a woman were her lips, teeth and nails. 
"Do you want to hear the story or not? Because I can easily become distracted," he said as his finger traced the slight groove of her breast bone. 
"No, no, I'm sorry. Please continue."
"But some of the men treated the dove with care. Protected the bird, fed it, and gave it the choicest pieces of food. Each day the soldiers were instructed to open the dove's cage and allow the dove to spread her wings and take flight. If the dove returned then the man was a good master. But if the dove never returned then the master wasn't an honorable man. When, after many months, if the dove no longer wanted to be apart from her soldier something wonderful would happen."
"What?" Her eyes were bright as her teeth rolled her full bottom lip. He wondered if anyone had taken the time to tell her a bedtime story. 
"The white dove turned into a beautiful virgin maid who, of course, the soldier married, and they lived happily ever after." 
"That's a good story. I like how the dove had a choice—to either be free or stay." Did her voice catch? "I wish it were true. There were times when I think I would've liked to been a dove. Have my own pair of wings so I could fly away." 
How did he tell her he wished the same thing? How did he say that if she'd been his dove he would've made sure she'd never want to leave? Instead, he pulled her closer to him. "Lake, what happened to your parents?" 
Her face shut down. In a quick movement, she pulled away from him and flipped on to her stomach. Her face buried into her folded arms. "They were killed in a raid. The Elders found my computer, thought it was my father's and beheaded them in front of me." 
He had thought the Elders had something to do with her parents' death. "What about your brother?" 
"Vonn was hidden that night. The Rebels found him, and as far as I know he's safe at their camp." 
He couldn't seem to keep his hands to himself. His fingers found her hair and brought a strand up to his mouth. "Is that why you fight in the Rebellion?" 
"I fight because someone has to fight for the women and children. I fight because I should. I fight because I can. I fight because I have nothing left except the Cause." 
"You have me." 
She looked up at him. Her blue eyes showing more depth than the endlessness of the sky. "I'm warning you, Hudson. Don't get close to me. Anyone who does ends up dead." 
"I'll take my chances." The tip of his finger found the prominence of her spine as he trailed down to her tattoo. "Does it hurt?" 
She shook her head. "Not too much." 
"Can I kiss it?" 
"If you remove your pants—" her voice had a breathy quality to it "—you can do more than that." 
Then he was naked behind her, his thumb tracing the H that began his name. The Marker had been schooled in the old tradition. No fancy swirls or embellishments had been added to Hudson's Mark. Just deep green letters in the traditional cloister fashion rode long and broad across the low of her back. 
He traced each letter, each word that was stained into her white skin that marked her as his. Even long after he was gone his name would remain on that coveted first place on a woman's back. 
His thumb went lower and smoothed the reddened hand print of the Marker's slap. Then he kissed the spot, hoping to take the sting away. 
Lake moaned. She pushed back against him. Arched her spine. Bracing her weight on one hand, she reached around for him with the other. 
That was all the encouragement Hudson needed. 
He had one thought before he deteriorated into grunts and moans. One thought before he thrust into her and made her his in every sense of the word.
Mine. 
Later, much later when they lay in each other's arms, Hudson turned and whispered in her ear. "I'm so sorry about your parents. Would it help if I said I would avenge their deaths for you?" 
She was so quiet. He'd thought she had fallen asleep. Then… "No."
"Why?" 
"Because if anyone will be doing the avenging, it will be me."




Chapter Seven


Lake woke, her heart pounding, her muscles tight. A shout? A mimicked call of an animal? It took a moment for her to take in her surroundings: The exposed beams on the ceiling, the heavy wood furniture that were no more than dark shapes in the night, and a pair of legs that were entangled with her own. 
She was with Hudson—her husband. She was safe. She tried to move, but the arm that was draped over her, pulled her back until her bottom was nestled against his groin. Lake experimented a little and wiggled. He moaned softly in his sleep, and she could feel his body react to hers. Lake smiled. She was sore, but on a different level there was a bone deep satisfaction. What if she could spend the rest of her life here, in this bed, with this man? Was it so bad to want to stop fighting? Was it wrong of her to want peace? 
She shook her head. No, there was a bigger picture than just her. 
Last night was colored by a kaleidoscope of emotions. When Hudson had first made her his, it had burned. Then Hudson had been there, filling her until she didn't think she'd ever be able to breathe again. He'd moved with the same rhythm as when his fingers had been deep inside her, but different, more. Her body ached, reaching for something. Then the world had exploded. The sound of her name on Hudson's lips still sent shivers through her. The place where his name marked her as his still tingled. 
There'd been blood, just like she'd promised. Hudson had remade the bed, cleaned her up, and then they made love again, slower. The sheets that proved her virginity were folded and placed in the chest by the foot of the bed. His claim on her was absolute. 
The night air was thick with the anticipation of rain. Heat lightening flashed through the slit window high above her bed. No distant roar of thunder followed. 
A low whistle sounded, so faint, and yet…Lake sat straight up in bed. She knew that call. Had relived that call a thousand times in her head. The call bred fear like moldy wheat left in the storehouse. Elder. Raid. 
But this time there'd be war. She'd make sure of it. They weren't going to take everything this time. This time Vonn was safe. He couldn't be used against her. She'd fight to the death before she'd go back to prison. 
Lake flung off Hudson's arm and jumped out of bed. Her husband was still snoring by the time she was dressed. 
Boots on, sword strapped to her side, she flung open the door prepared to meet them head on. Never again would she be dragged out of her bed, taken unaware, made to watch her home burn.
"What's going on?" Hudson sat up, hand rubbing across his face, hair devastatingly rumpled. Lake's heart caught. Never again would she watch her family die. 
She smiled to reassure him. "Stay here. I'll come back when it's safe." 
Lake closed the door, turned the key in the lock, and walked down the hallway. The look on Hudson's face had been priceless. He hadn't known what hit him. It was better that way. She'd keep him safe.
Besides, he'd never understand. He'd think this involved him—his wife, his duty to protect her. But this had always been about her. She fought her fights alone. 
The Marker was passed out before the cold hearth, the bottle of wine beside him. For a split second Lake was jealous, but no, this was better. Better to go down fighting. 
She paused at the front door, pulled her hair back into a ponytail. Wait for it. There. A cross between a raven's screech and an owl's cry, but different and a hundred percent Elder.
Fear could be an out of control fire, destroying all in its path. Sometimes though, found buried beneath the cold ash, fear could be winter. A cold that numbed the skin, numbed the blood, slowed the heart. A fear that could murder. 
Lake opened the door, and stepped out into a nightmare. She'd seen this every night since the raid—dark hooded men, wicked looking torches, long silver swords riding low on their hips. In some weird sick way this felt right. She was tired of reliving hell. Time to end it one way or another. 
One man drew her gaze like a lure would a fish. And like a fish she was hooked and reeled in. The others parted before her, or faded away, she wasn't sure. Didn't care. He was the only one that mattered to her. Before she'd viewed events through a muddy pane of glass, and now her view was crystal clear. They'd been racing toward this meeting since the night he'd come asking her father's permission to buy her. 
Lake could hear his voice, strong and gravelly even through her bedroom wall. "I'll pay you double the 'bride price' if you let me Mark her now. I'll even let her live here with you until she turns eighteen." 
Lake pulled the red silk scarf the Elder had given her from around her throat and let it float to the floor. She hadn't been impressed with his offer, especially when it had come from a man well past his youth. His oily raven hair had fallen limply around a long face whose most prominent feature was a nose with a bulbous hook on the tip. His hands were veined and sun spotted, resembling an owl's talon. 
She shuddered at the thought of a talon's claw touching her skin.
"I'd hoped for a man closer to my daughter's age. Someone she could grow old with and live a happy life," her father said. 
There was a drawn out silence, and Lake would've given anything to have seen her suitor's face. 
"I'll be walking the earth long after you're rotting underneath it, old man. Most people don't live long enough to regret refusing me." 
She wasn't sure when she'd put all the pieces together. Maybe she'd always known. Maybe that's what had kept her alive and breathing in prison, kept her moving on and not giving up. Maybe it hadn't been her love for Vonn, but instead vengeance for her parents' murder. 
She studied the man who'd offered to buy her, who'd forced a kiss on her, who'd killed her parents. His shoulders were broader than she remembered, but the robe was the same—a deeper black, and of better quality. The cloth shimmered in the torchlight as if caught in some withering dance. His sword, marked by the face of a ram with two rubies for eyes, was still sheathed at his hip. 
"Rameses," she called out. Her voice strong and sure. 
"Lake." Rameses bowed before her as would a knightly gentleman before a lady. 
Lake unsheathed her sword and swung. He jumped back, his head still attached—but barely. 
Rameses drew his sword, caution replacing the arrogance in his eyes. "There is no honor in killing a man as he bows his greeting." 
"There is no honor for a man with the blood of innocents on his hands." She thrust forward hoping her quickness would catch him off guard. Her sword was lighter than his, easier to move through the air, quicker to slice a man to ribbons. 
Rameses laughed, blocking her strikes with ease. "I assume by innocents you mean your parents. Take heart, dear one, your father was by no means blameless. He was a Rebel sympathizer and had a computer in his home. His death was just and far too quick for a traitor's." 
"My father was loyal to The Way his entire life." 
His smile was sly. "Yes, but you weren't."
Lake stepped back and pulled the hilt of her sword to her hip, ready to strike forward with a lunge. Watch the man, not his weapons. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the other cloaked figures step back and blend into the night. Just him and her then, no interference, but what about Hudson's men? Surely, they would've heard the commotion and come out to defend their land. "What have you done to my men?" 
She watched Rameses mirror her attack stance. His sword pointed up and angled at her. "Are you wondering why the farmer's men aren't here? I'm wondering why your husband isn't. Unless he took part in the celebratory wine. In that case, he'll be passed out along with the others." 
Hudson was locked safely behind walls that could shame a fortress. And the others? The others she couldn't worry about now. 
Rameses struck—a mere kiss of the blades to assess her skill. Lake wasn't worried. She was strong, she was quick, and she had rage on her side.
The mugginess of the night had her shirt sticking to her in no time. Sweat dampened her brow. Rameses did a series of attacks that she blocked overhead. His superior strength and weight of his sword had her arms shaking. She wouldn't win this fight on strength alone; she'd win on endurance. 
"I was there for your execution," he said. "Did you see me? I waited for you to beseech mercy to the crowd, but you never did. Instead, your back-hill lover confessed your affair." He backed off allowing her to catch her breath. "Do you know what they call a woman who gives her virginity up without a Mark?" 
Lake couldn't care less what he called her. She just wanted him dead. 
"Whore." He thrust his blade toward her middle.
She blocked his sword with her own. "Better a back-hill's whore than a murdering coward's wife." 
His face flushed red and his arm swung high for a chopping blow. She countered with a dragging step and aimed an undercut at his wrists. 
He leaped back at the last moment, her blade sliding off his in a lover's caress. Patience, Lake. He'd make another mistake. Wear him down. She had more skill than most men expected from a woman. But the realization in his eyes told her she'd lost her most valuable weapon—surprise. 
The black clouds finally broke. Spits of rain turned into large impregnated drops that quickly soaked her hair and turned the thirsty ground into mud. 
 She was breathing hard, but then again, so was he. He was strong for an old man, stronger than she'd expected. When she'd first met him close to a year ago, his robe had hung from his frame, a sunken body hidden beneath the folds. Now he filled out the robe with an almost robust presence. The sun spots on his face had faded, the skin under his chin no longer doubled over when he talked. Rain sluiced down her neck, but it wasn't the cold that gave her a chill. "How many microbiotics have you taken?" 
One side of his mouth twitched upward. "Not enough." 
While she'd been figuring out the formula for the microbiotics she discovered that they did more than speed the healing process, they reversed disease. And in theory, when given enough over time, the microbiotics could reverse the most insidious disease of all—aging. 
Lake hadn't believed it. There was no way, and yet, here stood a man who was years younger than when she'd first met him. 
"The shortage of microbiotics has been you all along." She didn't wait for an answer. Why bother when the truth stared at her in the face? How many people had died from infection and disease, unable to get the medication that could've saved their lives? 
Anger clouded her judgment and she rushed in for the kill. Her arm shook as she swung. Over and over she lunged with her sword trying to get past his guard, but she'd lost confidence. She could've taken on an old man, but it wasn't an old man who she was fighting. 
The fight wore on. Soon it became obvious to her what had been obvious to Rameses all along. What had been apparent to his men, and why they'd allowed their leader to fight her without interfering.
She was no match for Rameses. 
You were prepared for this to be the end. 
She put her teeth on edge and notched her chin. So be it. 

***

Hudson had stared at his wife a full second before he moved. He blamed it on last night. Apparently, sex made a man stupid. 
Had Lake really just told him to stay here? And the other question. Had he really just let her go? Moron. 
Hudson jumped out of bed and ran to the door. Of course, it was locked. Hadn't he seen her take the key and walk out? He took a few steps back and then plowed toward the door with all his might. 
By The Path that door was…solid. 
He rubbed his shoulder, and then checked to see if all his teeth were still in his head. Had his great, great, great, grandfather really built a bedroom door out of what—oak? Had he thought to hold out against a siege from his bedroom? 
A clash of swords brought Hudson up short. He ran to the window and pulled himself up. The opening was narrow and didn't allow much of a view, but he could see the flickering of torches, hear the metallic dance of iron on iron. 
Lake? Hudson shook his head. No, his men would've been awakened by now, and at the very least would've come to the defense of his farm. But he didn't hear the cries of men in battle or the howls of his dogs. Where was Lake? Where were his men? The dogs?
Hudson dropped to the ground. His home, and God forbid, his wife, were under attack and here he was locked in his room like a helpless babe. 
With his heart in his throat, he did the only thing he could think of. He pounded on the door with his fists and shouted loud enough to shake the rafters. 

***

Lake was tired. The muscles in her back screamed with every block of her sword. He was gaining on her now. With his every attack she had to retreat to remain standing. His thrusts were coming faster and harder now. Just a matter of time. 
Water sluiced down her face, blurring her vision. Her grip on her sword slipped, and more than once she slid in the mud. 
"I don't want to kill you," Rameses said. 
"Then we are of the same mind; I don't want you to kill me either," Lake panted, trying to hold her ground in a foot of water. "Lay down your sword, and I'll go back inside and get warm." 
Rameses didn't laugh at her joke. Maybe it wasn't funny.
"What and let you go back inside to your farmer boy? He's already dead—I just haven't killed him yet. I know the Marker is here, I followed him to you. It would be a simple matter of tattooing a line through that famer's name, and having mine marked higher up your back." 
"His name is Hudson." Why that mattered, she didn't know. 
"We would be good together," he continued, as if they were conversing over a glass of wine instead of fighting to the death in the mud. "I would grow to be the young man you wanted, and you'd never see old age. With your knowledge, we'd have an endless supply of microbiotics. We could test the drug's limits, push our own. Live forever." 
Lake had thought the same thing. With the deterioration of aging stopped, what would prevent a person from living forever? The implications were mindboggling, the amount of power terrifying.
"We could be the king and queen of this world. Have everything we wanted." 
"It would never work," Lake said. Exhausted, she stepped back and let her sword tip point toward the ground. "Someone else would figure out the formula. Soon microbiotics would be as common as the lilies of the field." 
Rameses braced his hands on his knees, catching his breath. But Lake wasn't fooled. He was allowing her time to think about his offer. He didn't want her dead; he wanted her by his side. "I think you overestimate the intelligence of the common people. Regardless, I'm not saying that there wouldn't be causalities." 
She lifted one shoulder in an attempt at nonchalance. "As the saying goes, rulers come into power on the backs of the people." 
"Exactly." Rameses smiled. 
"Exactly." Lake smiled back, then stood and stretched her lower back. "But I want one thing in return." 
With the threat of death gone, Rameses could afford his veneer of polish. He bent down in a full flourished bow. "Anything my queen. All you need to do is ask." 
Lake slicked her hair back from her eyes. "I want you not to live forever." 
Then she ran him through with her blade. 




Chapter Eight


For the love of The Path, what was that racket? The Marker covered his eyes with his palm. The pounding must be from inside his head. After the Marking, he'd left the besotted couple and had gone in search of the celebratory wine. The farmer's men had been loud and crude and not really up to entertaining an Elder. That was fine with him. He didn't mix well with common men. 
He'd taken a bottle of wine and had made his way back inside to the unlit fireplace. That was the last thing he remembered. 
He checked the bottle. Still almost full. What had been in that wine? Some sort of drug was his guess. Whatever it was caused the worst pounding and screaming a man could bear. His head had pounded before from overindulging, but screaming? Never. 
No, the screaming wasn't coming from inside his head. It was coming from—he cracked open an eyelid. Heaven and hell, was that coming from the bedroom? He'd seen his share of nervous brides, but this racket? No, that gal had been more than ready for her husband. He would've asked to share if he'd thought the farmer would've been up for it. 
The clamor wasn't stopping. He'd get no peace until it was silenced. On creaking knees, he pushed himself up and shuffled to the door. He tried the knob. Locked. Turned the key and tried again. 
The door flew open. He was thrown and landed solidly on his backside. He watched a crazed man rush down the hall bellowing that he had to go find a lake. 
Fine. Go. Find a lake. Jump in a lake. What did he care? All he wanted was to close his eyes and check if the noise in his skull had quieted. He peered into the bedroom to see if he'd be bowled over by anyone else screaming for what? A river this time? He rolled his eyes, but stopped—hurt too much. The room was empty, except for a bed. A big beautiful empty bed with no one to sleep in it. 
He smiled, and thinking that standing was too much trouble, he crawled on his hands and knees to his sweet reward. 

***

Lake had missed. 
Her blade had failed to pierce his heart and caught the fleshy part of his shoulder instead. Rameses stepped back and hissed. He touched his wound, his fingers darkening with blood. He wiped them on his robe as he readied his stance for another attack. "You made the wrong choice. Like father like daughter; stupid must run in the family lines." 
Lake stopped trying to control her fear. Panic had her breath coming in pants. She blinked to clear her eyes of water. She hoped they weren't wet because of tears. 
In her mind's eye she saw Vonn. His blonde curls. Blue eyes. She saw her parents. Her father's wrinkled grin. Her mother's reddened, weathered hands. 
She saw Hudson. His tussled brown hair. His eyes when he looked at her. The roughness of his jaw. 
So sorry. She saw Hudson in his bed and what would happen when Rameses came for him. This time she knew her vision blurred from tears. 
She gritted her teeth. Couldn't feel her arms. She needed both hands to steady her blade. When had her sword gotten so heavy? 
Rameses moved as if part snake. Quick. Strike. Repeat. When had he gotten so fast? Another flash of his steel, a sharp pain in her wrist, and her sword went flying. She watched her blade fall to the ground, muddy water splashing in an upward ring. 
"Onnn. Yooouuurrr. Kneeesss," Rameses said, his voice distorted. So loud, yet so far away. 
Lake couldn't have remained standing if she wanted too. Her knees buckled. Water splashed in her mouth. She tasted dirt. Or was it defeat? 
Watch the man, not his weapons. But she couldn't help it. His naked steel glowed red in the torch light. From blood? Had he wounded her? She didn't feel any pain. Soon she wouldn't even feel the cold. 
He stepped to her side. His blade felt wet and cold as it rested along the back of her neck. Chills prickled her skin. Funny, she thought she was past that reflex. Out of the corner of her eye she watched his hand drag his sword across her flesh. The steel cut deep. She flinched from the sting. Her hair fell in wet clumps by her knees. Not the death blow then, just the mark.
"You've been marked for execution." 
All part of the game. Rameses was a showman to the end. But she wouldn't let her parents' murderer be the last thought to fill her mind. She wouldn't close her eyes. She wouldn't let his voice be the last that she heard. In her mind she saw Hudson. This time his hair was black with rain. His shirt transparent and plastered to his skin. And he was running. 
She smiled. So this was what a person saw before they died. She was glad it was Hudson who would lead her to the next place. Glad she didn't have to be alone. A robed figure stepped in front of her husband, sword in hand. It was only then, with a flash of dark iron and light steel, she noticed Hudson had his axe and his sword. The Elder went down in a crumple of fabric. Then another man attacked, but suffered the same fate—his fallen body merely an obstacle for Hudson to leap over. 
Hudson's mouth moved. Had he screamed something or was it the thunder? She wanted to tell him something also. She wanted to tell him…what? That she was glad that it was over. Glad her fight was done. Vonn was safe. Hudson had been her reward. 
Or that she was sorry?
Sorry, that he had gotten too close to her. Or that Rameses would have him killed. Or sorry that there hadn't been enough time for them. 
Do it now. This was her chance. She tried to form the words, but her whole body was numb. Had her lips moved? 
Then Rameses sword whistled through the air. And Hudson’s expression changed from rage to fear. It's all right. He raised his axe. Aimed. And threw it at her head. 




Chapter Nine


"Nooooooo." His scream vibrated at the base of his skull and sounded down into his chest. 
Never make it. Too far away. Not fast enough. 
When he'd first ran out into the wet night and saw Lake on her knees, an Elder behind her, a sword at her neck, his world hazed red. The sky wept blood. 
There was a moment when a robed man had tried to block Hudson's way. Fool. Hudson had pulled him in close, severed his hamstring and then his neck. The man went down, dead before he even hit the ground. Another man tried. Another sword swung. Another dead body to add to the count. 
Then there was nothing between him and Lake. 
Never make it.
He could see Lake's face, wet in the rain, blue eyes focused on him. The Elder with the sword raised his arm. In a flash of light, his blade sliced the back of her neck. Hudson stumbled. 
"You've been marked for execution," said the Elder, his voice traveling on the wind.
Faster. Hudson was running. He had to be running, except everything was so slow and Lake was still too far away. He watched the clumps of her wet hair fall to the ground. A few strands floated on the puddle by her knees. 
Her mouth formed words. Screw that. She would not say good-bye to him. He would not let her die. Not here. Not at the hands of some monster. 
His gaze never left her eyes. He lifted his axe and threw. 

***

Something warm sprayed Lake's cheek. She jerked her head up and blinked at Rameses' face split wide. An axe buried dead center. This was no vision. 
Lake whipped back around. Hudson charged at her, naked steel in his hand, a warrior's cry on his lips. And this was no angel. 
If Rameses weren't dead already, he would've been after Hudson separated his head from his body. Hudson wasted no time. He walked over, braced his boot against the lopped off head and recovered his axe. Then turned toward her. 
His weapons were tightly gripped and ready at his sides. Gore splattered his shirt. His hair wept dark rivulets down his face. His lips were wet with blood. 
Lake sat stunned. She was so sure she was going to die. So sure that stepping out of Hudson's house would've been the last thing she had done. She had no contingency plan. There was no after for her. 
Hudson was by her side and raising her to her feet. His brown eyes were hooded and dark. Rage swarmed their depths, and for the first time she glimpsed at what men on the pointy side of his blade saw. She swallowed. 
"Rule one. Never turn a lock against me." 
She nodded, but had started to come out of her fog. Realizing they weren't out of danger, she grabbed her sword. She took up the position of guarding her husband's back, surprised at how easy it was to become his partner. "I thought rule number one was not to kill you?"
Men came at them from both sides. Lake readied her weapon, a reserve of adrenaline charging through her body. 
"Consider rule number one to have both an A and B part to it." 
Lake laughed, which sounded strange against the bass beat of war. Against the sound of men's screams, the clash of steel and the howl of dogs. Dogs? 
Lake looked and saw the bared fangs of the hounds as they charged through the mud and rain. Hudson's men weren't far behind. 
"About bloody time," Hudson muttered, as he pushed her aside and delivered her would-be attacker a death blow. 
Only a handful of Elders remained standing. With their numbers greatly reduced and their leader dead, the call for retreat was sounded. 
Of course, no one called off the hounds from hell. 
The torches that hadn't been doused by the rain were quickly extinguished as they one by one were dropped to the ground. Lake was glad. She'd seen enough killing to last a lifetime. Besides, the screams and growls were more than sufficient. 
A few of Hudson's men ran into the night to chase after the dogs. Most stayed by their master, a few still unsteady on their feet. 
"Where the hell were you?" Hudson shouted. 
A shorter man with dark features and straight black hair shrugged, though his face held the pale look of worry. "Sorry, Hudson. We're not sure what happened. One moment we were toasting to your Marking, and the next we woke to the sounds of battle." 
"Rameses admitted to drugging the wine," Lake said. There was a cold burning on her arm. She looked down and saw a dark bloom spreading along her sleeve. "He followed the Marker to me. It was his plan to take me as his wife all along. He killed my parents because my father refused his suit in the first place. His raid for contraband had only been a convenient excuse."
"Then he was the one?" 
She looked at Rameses and nodded. 
"I'm so sorry," he said, putting his arm around her waist and leading her into the house. "I should've held him down while you ran him through with your sword." 
Lake looked up at him. Maybe it was the exhaustion of the battle or simply the joy of living another day, but for the first time she realized the weight in her heart was gone. "No, I'm just glad he's dead." 
"So am I." 




Chapter Ten


A few weeks hadn't been enough time for the nightmares to totally fade. But it had been enough time to find comfort in Hudson's arms and learn to fall back asleep after the nightmares. There'd been a week when Lake had awakened, panic-stricken, by a hoot of an owl. It wasn't long afterwards Hudson had made sure to put owl stew on the menu. That had been the first night she'd slept the whole way through. 
Life took on a certain rhythm that wasn't unpleasant. Animals needed to be taken care of. Land needed to be tended. Lake was glad for the busyness. It kept her from worrying about Vonn.
Lake was hunched over with a mare's hoof between her legs, cleaning out the grass and mud around the shoe. It was hard work, but at least summer had broken its hold and there was a hint of cooler weather that blew through the barn doors. 
"Men!" a shout came from the outside.
Lake's hand was on the hilt of her sword before she was fully upright. But instead of running outside, she froze. Panic had her in its grip. Her hand covered her belly. She wasn't sure if she wanted to fight or to hide. For the first time she realized she had a choice.
Hudson had placed guards around his farm ever since the night Rameses had come. Knowing that killing Elders would bring repercussions, Hudson made sure his men were ready for danger. Whether he'd wanted to or not, Hudson had chosen his alliance. 
"Men!" 
So had she. In the end, everyone had to pick a side. In the end, she'd always choose to fight. But one thing had changed. She no longer had to fight alone. She smiled and walked outside. 
Hudson was there waiting for her, a pair of binoculars in his hands. "They have the look of Rebels," he said, handing the binoculars to her. 
She took them out of his hands and peered through. The sun was behind them as a group of men traversed the sandy landscape. There were rough looking men, all traveling on foot. Some were dressed in robes, but most wore the camouflaged uniforms of soldiers. Her gaze swept the faces of each man until she found the bald, reddened face of Grey Owl. Only then did she allow herself to hope. She let her gaze stray lower. 
There, striding beside Grey Owl was a dirty-faced, towheaded little boy. 
Lake lowered the binoculars and stared at the dark forms on the horizon. "It's Vonn," she whispered. And for a moment she didn't know if she should run toward her little brother or cry. In the end, she did both. 
It was hours later, after Lake carried Vonn home, fed him, bathed him, then fed him again, and finally had him asleep in her bed that she went to sit with the men around the table. 
"Thank you for bringing him home, Grey Owl," Lake said. 
"A boy should be with his family," Grey Owl said, then looked to Hudson. "I just hope your husband considers him family." 
Hudson nodded. "I will take care of whomever belongs to Lake. The boy will always have a place here."
"I thought as much. A man doesn't fight to get his wife back with that much passion unless he's in love." The older man smiled and rubbed his throat.
Lake stole a look at Hudson. He blushed, and she felt her own cheeks grow warm. They had never talked about love. It wasn't as if she hadn't thought about it, but speaking those words to Hudson made more of a coward out of her then a group of men in hooded dress. 
"I assume you have the formula." Grey Owl said, bringing Lake's attention back to the matter at hand. 
"Of course." She got up and fetched the loose-leafed paper. "I wrote out the organic compound and also as much of the manufacturing process that I know. The ingredients I am confident about, but the amounts might need some tweaking." 
Grey Owl took the paper and looked it over. Then he passed it to the soldier on his left who placed it in his vest pocket. "The work you've done is brilliant, and we all appreciate the sacrifices you've made. But I'm afraid we need to ask for one more. Most of the Rebellion is made up of common men, but we need men and women who've been formally educated. Your father worked for the Elders as a scientist. He taught you everything he knew. We need people like you if this Rebellion will ever succeed. Come to Dark Planet. Get the lab going. We will keep you safe and then bring you back here. A year or two at most. That's all we are asking." 
Lake looked at Hudson then back at Grey Owl. "My place is here with my husband." 
Hudson stood. "Men, if you would excuse us. I need a moment with my wife." He held out his hand toward her. "Lake?" 
She followed as they walked out the front door. The night was clear showing off its thousands of jewels against a background of deep blue as the moon hung large bathing the desert in a ghostly white. There was a slight bite in the air, and Lake wondered how long they had until the desert heat gave way to cooler weather.
"You should go with them," Hudson said. 
Lake sucked air in through her teeth as if she'd just been slapped. Before when they’d taken night walks they had strolled hand in hand. Now there was a wide distance between them. 
"Really? Why?" Her throat felt thick, but swallowing hard didn't seem to help. 
Hudson walked with his head down. His hands stuffed into his back pockets. "I've known for a long time that the Elders were corrupt. It came as no surprise to me that a rebellion sprang up. I just never wanted any part of it. But after Rameses came that night. After I saw you… I realized their reign of terror has to stop." 
Lake nodded. She didn't trust herself to speak. She was afraid her voice would break if she tried. 
They stopped under a large mesquite tree that had become Lake's new favorite place. Over the past few weeks, Hudson and she would walk there almost every evening. They would discuss their day. Sometimes he would talk about his plans for the farm. Mostly she would just listen, still too cautious to believe she had a future to plan for. Then, more often than not, he'd lean her against the tree and they would kiss. Sweet kisses that tickled her neck and made her laugh. He'd told her he loved her laugh. 
"Millions of lives are at stake. Not just the Rebels', but everyone's," Hudson said. 
She didn't want to do this here. She didn't want him tainting some of the happiest memories of her life and sending her away here. But Hudson had leaned his back against the large trunk, not at all seeming to want to move. 
"I've given you the best protection that I could. My name. Even on Dark Planet that should mean something. I meant what I said. Vonn will always have a place with me. He can stay or you can take him with you. Whatever you think is best." 
Lake hugged herself tight, glad she was facing away from him. Why she felt like crying she had no idea. Well, she did have an idea, but she wasn't going to think about that now. 
"Isn't this what you wanted, Lake? To fight for the Cause?" 
She nodded. "No, I mean yes. Yes, it's what I wanted. But what about your land? Your men?"
Hudson laughed, but there was no joy. "Just let the Elders come and try to take my land. I guess I'm not as much of a rule follower as I thought."
"So you'll fight for the Rebellion?" 
"I'll fight the best way I know how, by providing food for the soldiers and a safe refuge. The Rebellion needs more than armed men to win this war." 
"I've pledged every breath, every beat of my heart to building a New Republic." 
"I know. Go change the world. If anyone can win this war you can."
"It's just that, I thought…if you wanted..." She turned toward him, but found she was having trouble looking him in the eye. She kicked at the dirt around an upraised root. "You said that you liked my laugh."
He smiled, though his eyes remained sad. "I do. I wish you'd do it more often."
She nodded. "I, ahh, I..."
Hudson scrubbed his palms over his face. "God, Lake, you're killing me. Just tell me what you want already."
"To stay here." She rushed the words, afraid she'd loose courage. 
"Here?" 
"I thought I could set up a lab here. I mean, if you are serious about helping the Rebellion. Maybe…maybe I wouldn't have to go."
His eyes warmed, reminding her of the soft dark things they did together in the quiet of the night. "Is that the only reason you want to stay? I'm not saying it isn't a good reason, but I just wanted… Is it the only reason, Lake?"
She looked in his eyes and shook her head. "No. It's that I can't pledge to the Rebellion what I no longer have." 
He moved toward her, cupped her face. "Which is?" 
"My heart." 
"Then it's mine?" 
She nodded. "You know what else? Sometimes, just sometimes, I think God can be good."
His lips hovered next to hers. "No, Lake. Sometimes God can be very, very good." And he kissed her.




Epilogue


Lake laid in the nook of Hudson's arm, relishing in the luxury of sleeping in past dawn. The mid-morning sun spilled brightly through the window. She snuggled deeper into her husband's side, not wanting her coveted time with him to end. 
Her stomach growled signaling that she'd soon have to get up. Hudson placed a large hand over her rounded belly. "The baby's hungry." 
"She's always hungry." In the beginning it seemed as if Lake couldn't get enough food. Hudson assured her that she could use some extra padding on her bones, but she wasn't so sure that eating them out of house and home was the way to do it. 
"He needs food to be big and strong." Hudson nuzzled her neck. 
"I've been thinking," Lake tried to ignore what he was doing to her. 
"Dangerous."
"You said when I got with child we could negotiate new terms."
Hudson looked up. "Lake, you have to know, I'd never sell any of our children. No matter what." 
Lake shook her head and rolled her eyes. "Are you trying to get out of negotiating?"
"Never, since I always win our negotiations." Hudson murmured against the special spot on her neck. It had come as a surprise to both of them that being kissed there drove her wild. "My terms are still the same, both A and B parts of rule one are still off the table.
She ran her fingers through his hair, loving the coarse feel of it between her fingers. "I was thinking more along the line of having my name tattooed on your back. Make this marriage more of a joint ownership." 
He laughed or was it a snort. It was hard to tell. In one quick movement he was on top of her and had her legs wrapped around his waist, his mouth level with hers. "Not a chance." 
Her whole world became focused on what body parts were flush against hers. "Come on, I need at least one part of you to claim as my own. How about a tattoo on your arm?" 
 "How about the bottom of my foot?" 
"How about across your chest?" 
"How about my heart?"
"Agreed." 
"Agreed." And he kissed her. 




ENSLAVED BY STARLIGHT


Jessa Slade




Chapter One


Corso Deynah, captain of the Asphodel, was dreaming of space—of nothing, really—when the sharp buzz of an incoming priority one signal rattled the wall comm. He hated the convenience of two-way voice activation in equal parts for the laziness and the intrusion, so he'd disabled it in his stateroom a nanosecond after making the light cruiser sheership his own. Which meant he had to haul his ass out of the berth to answer.
Naked, he staggered through the darkness to the wall unit, secure in the knowledge he had left nothing to trip over. He slapped his palm over the comm to silence the buzz. Thumbing the light meter up a notch brightened the austere room from stygian to gloomy. 
"What's the thrice-tangled emergency, Patter?" The question sounded harsher than he intended. Dreams of nothing sometimes had that effect on him.
But instead of his first's outer-system drawl coming through the speaker, the screen blazed to life with the vivid face of a woman. A stranger to him.
Less of a stranger now, he supposed. Judging by the way her citrine-bright gaze flicked up then down, his glitching comm vid had provided a wide-angle view and she'd already seen more of him than had any females of his intimate encounters recently. Recent in cosmological terms, anyway. This stunning female eclipsed those distant memories like the Asphodel's powerful proton afterburners would obliterate an antique light bulb.
At least now he'd have something to dream about.
His finger hovered over the disconnect. "Wrong number, eh?"
She cleared her throat, a husky sound. "Captain Deynah?"
His brows rose in surprise. "Yeah?" He might answer the comm more often if Patter sounded like this. Low, warm, and just a little rough. Her voice matched the visuals nicely. She had the opulent coloring of a hydro orchid: white skin, root-dark hair in myriad looping braids around her round face, and vermillion lips that lured him in with the promise of nectar. In space, of course, flowers were rare and insanely expensive. And pests like him were kept far, far away.
Her yellow-green gaze drifted downward and paused. He didn't bother hiding himself. When a man got up, well, sometimes he got up.
"Good morning, Captain. I'm sorry to…rouse you so early."
The amused quirk of those red lips, wrapping with a purr around the words, roused him more. The tug in his groin ached. Unused muscles were like that. He ignored the twinge and leaned toward the screen. "How did you break my ship's secure thread?"
Her lips thinned, bleaching some of the wild color from their seam, and a hint of the red reappeared in her cheeks. Anger or remorse? Not that he cared, not when she'd broken into his ship.
"I have a proposition for you, Captain. Of the business sort. Perhaps you would be more comfortable in uniform."
This time, he couldn't stop himself from crossing his arms, but he straightened his shoulders too. "No uniform. I'm not military." Not anymore. 
Fighting the tight stance, the scars across his shoulder blades pinged a reminder that the past might be behind him, but never all that far. And some memories, even an afterburner's scorching plasma flare couldn't wipe out, though his sweet Asphodel did her best.
On his screen, the gemstone sparkle of the woman's eyes flickered behind a rapid blink of long dark lashes. "Maybe you'd like a robe then?"
Was that desperation in her raw honey voice? The thought bothered him more than he cared to admit. He didn't want to be bothered, not by anyone—definitely not by anyone whose lips reminded him of nectar. 
He snagged the gray coverlet off the bed and yanked it around his waist, knotting the ends at his hip. "I'm not a business man either."
"An independent business man, shall we say?" Now she definitely sounded desperate.
"Say mercenary. That's the naked truth." He returned the quirk of lips she'd given him earlier, though he knew his smile lacked the velvety allure of hers.
She inclined her head so the looping braids brushed her high collar. "Very well, Captain Deynah. What I propose—"
"And you are who, again?"
Though the onscreen view was cropped tight to her face, the tips of her fingers crept into the frame when she touched her throat. The collar of her tunic camouflaged what she was reaching for, but from the placement of her hand, he guessed she was wearing a necklace, something she caressed for comfort, or as a reminder of her own. Like his scar, but probably prettier.
"I am Benedetta Galil of Qv'arratz. Due to an unprovoked attack, we find ourselves in need of immediate armed defense."
A burst of adrenaline surged through his blood, but he squelched the instinctive reaction. "Didn't I say already I'm not military? Contact your system representative."
"I very much fear covert forces operating under Universalist Union orders may be the ones who attacked us." Her fingers, still curled at her throat, moved when she swallowed. She was right to be afraid if planetary jurisdiction put her at the mercy of her own marauding government; no one else would help.
The innocent vulnerability made his hand fist in the coarse fabric around his waist, as if he could reach out and wrap his big hand around hers to smooth away the fear.
But he wasn't looking for a fight right now, he reminded himself. And he never wanted that particular fight ever again. Vulnerable innocents might be saved—but only for a while. In the end, innocence died and vulnerability was forever. "You aren't in danger at this moment." He pitched his voice between a question and a statement. 
"There was one high-orbit volley from outside our sensor range and an anonymous ultimatum delivered. We can't hold off another assault with the resources currently at our disposal."
The Universalist Union was generally considered civilized and orderly. It controlled access to numerous threads through the sheerways. And—like all the federations, alliances, and coalitions that had divided most of known space—the UU was always interested in acquiring more. The four hundred years since the discovery of the sheership biotech that provided access to the stars hadn't been enough time to teach humanity to share. "Give them what they want."
"We can't do that." 
"And you think I will do what?"
She lowered her chin a notch and her clenched hands dropped out of the picture. "Dissuade them. You've done it before." 
The twinge across his shoulders sank deeper into his chest, toward his heart. That burned-and-bloody turn of fortune on L-Sept wasn't a secret—hard to keep secret the total destruction of a planet; the orbiting body count in the Lasa system now went directly from L-Sext to L-Octo—but he didn't want to be reminded of that either. "The price was high."
"And we'll pay you a matching price this time." Her citrine eyes suddenly glittered. "Since you are a mercenary now, the terms will no doubt be adequate. You could buy a bed wide enough for more than one pillow. Perhaps even a robe."
A weaker man in his state of undress might have withered at the astringency of her words, which seemed less vulnerable and innocent than a moment ago. Corso hardened his smile. "Send me your adequate terms. Obviously you already have my secure comm link."
She nibbled at her lower lip, and for the first time, he noticed she was young, barely out of her second decade. The poise with which she held herself—not to mention those lips—had distracted him. "I don't want my name sent across every—"
"You hacked my ship, Etta. I think we've already skipped the proprieties."
Her gaze locked on his and narrowed, as if she wanted to read something written across his pupils. "I am called Benedetta," she reminded him tersely. Then she glanced down and in a moment text scrolled across the lower half of his screen.
His attention fixed on the credit balance column. "You'd need double this amount to hire a private patrol—triple for an active engagement force. This wouldn't cover armament or probable-kill bonuses."
"The credits are not all we have." Her tone wobbled then steadied again though her face in the screen was stiff and still. "Please continue."
He scanned onward. "You're giving me . . . a l'auralya?"
"A treasure beyond compare. To sell to the highest bidder for riches enough to make you a king. Or to keep for yourself to become the envy of kings."
He lifted one eyebrow. "And if I keep scrolling down, is there a unicorn on the next page?"
The riot of color that had chased around her face blazed higher in her cheeks. Definitely anger this time. "Certainly even a mercenary such as yourself has heard of the l'auraly." Gone was the lilting, almost poetic tone she'd used a moment before to peddle her alleged treasure.
"I've heard of unicorns too, but I still don't believe in them." He admired the way his amusement turned her yellow-green glare to sharp tarnished copper.
"You think the elected head of the joint Tiangu worlds imagined his l'auralya? You think the Priestess of Eldaq V was tricked into presenting her l'auralyo as her sacred consort?" She leaned in. With the closer focus, the gold flecks in her eyes blazed like miniature suns. "L'auraly have attended the births of nations and the deaths of emperors. They have inspired epics in every art form and breakthroughs in every branch of science. They have started wars and ended them. That is the payment—the extraordinary gift—I am offering you in exchange for a bit of armament and a few kill bonuses."
Her vehemence startled him, almost disrupting his smirk. But he persevered. "I'm not saying they don't have a clever story, or that the universe isn't dim enough to buy it, but . . ."
She surged to her feet. For an instant, before the image reoriented to her new position, his screen showed a lascivious scan of her from throat to thigh in her close-fitted tunic, and his pulse heaved as if the Asphodel had tangled between the sheerways. In the confused blur, he caught a glimpse of the torque around her neck. The heavy necklace was out of proportion for her slender frame but it flashed with a brilliance that briefly blanked the screen.
When it refocused, she stood with her back to him, the silky folds of her tunic undone and draping low over her hips to expose her bare back.
His interest, which had waned with the sorry review of her credits, roused again.
His high res screen found no flaw in the orchid white skin from her nape or across the fine musculature of her arms and shoulders. And those flared hips . . . Just the right width for a man to dock himself like a ship come safely home to port.
She glared at him over her shoulder from where she'd yanked the loops of her dark braids over her breast. "Now do you see?"
"Oh, I see all right." Except he hadn't really absorbed what she'd meant to show him. Without thinking, he raised his hand to the screen and traced his fingertip along the marks that allegedly identified the l'auraly.
He recognized the markings from popular vids. One long-running drama had even purported to count a genuine uncommitted l'auralyo among its players. The man had been kidnapped and his body was recovered not long after with his skin flayed and the word fake carved in the flesh above his severed penis.
Benedetta had the markings. In her pale skin, the iridescent silvery lines glinted with her agitated breath. The graceful curls mirrored each other on both sides of her spine, rising up the slender column of her neck, swirling at the junction of her shoulders, and pouring down to pool in a glimmering pinwheel at the small of her back. Only half the pinwheel was visible, the rest hid tucked below the folds of her crumpled tunic. If he put his hand there, the pinwheel would just fill his palm…
He clenched his fist against the phantom warmth and dragged his gaze back to hers. With effort, he manufactured a dismissive shrug. "What use would a mercenary have for a pleasure slave?"
She pulled the sleeveless tunic up around her shoulders and turned to face him again but did not reseat herself. The screen blasted him with the full erotic effect of her body. He gripped the knot of his sheet to strangle the heavy pulse in his groin. He wouldn't be controlled by his cock, not when her kind had been created for exactly that reason.
According to gossip—or was it mythos?—the colonists who'd arrived in the Qv'ar system during humanity's second expansion through the sheerways had intended to follow the usual planetary domestication progression: a few generations of dangerous mineral extraction, followed by genteel agricultural export, leading to the more lucrative tech.
Instead, they'd found qva'avaq. 
The crystalline element—unique to the habitable fourth planet, Qv'arratz, and found in only one location even there—had no worthwhile industrial properties, but it was unusually beautiful. The quicksilver translucence of qva'avaq refracted even the faintest light in subtle rainbows. The crystals spars, which grew in mirrored pairs, or infrequently in triads or quads, oscillated harmonically with their matched components, resulting in a compellingly intimate song.
Unfortunately, when carved into sparkling ornamental jewelry, the crystal tended to kill its bearers.
The wasting deaths were preceded by strange periods of lust and longing and sexual madness, and thus the stories began. Those who wore the stones and survived exuded an odd intensity of allure, as if the stunning crystal had been absorbed into their beings and shone out through their erogenous zones.
A few dissections confirmed the element had indeed merged with their bodies. The metallotropic liquid crystal infused the nervous system and surfaced through transdermal rivulets where the concentration of nerve endings was high. The qva'avaq threaded over the survivors' skin in silvery whorls, permanently marking them with shining, mysterious sigils.
The l'auraly—the "light clad"—were exquisite, vital and evocative. Extraordinarily sensitive, responsive and empathic, they would have been remarkable as physicians or artists or many other callings.
But above all, they made unspeakably excellent lovers.
The resonating qualities had given the crystal its name—qva'avaq, meaning "the still water that reflects the mountain"—and the ability to perfectly mirror the deepest desires of their lovers gave the l'auraly an undeniable glamour. Their rarity made them valuable.
Qv'arratz had found its commodity. Promising children were exposed to one half of the twinned crystals and raised to become l'auraly. To spare patrons from the high mortality rates of qva'avaq exposure (and thus preserve the spiraling demand) the other matched halves of the crystals were processed and carefully sealed. Each buyer received a lovely piece of jewelry, a necklace, bracelet or ring with the crystal light and song muted—but no longer lethal. And each also received a male l'auralyo or female l'auralya, afire and trembling with the full force of the qva'avaq—and utterly, intimately attuned to the keying crystal in the buyer's hands.
Benedetta left the tunic unfastened, and the oversized torque—reflecting the same crystalline shimmer as her markings—rested heavily on the delicate ledge of her collarbones. The rounded finials of the incomplete circle angled downward, casting faint glints of color into the soft shadow between her breasts. 
The necklace was too large for her, too dominating and masculine for her slender throat. But it would be just right for a man's thicker neck: the neck of her future owner. Was that much of the aphrodisiac crystal coursing through her body?
Corso swallowed hard, his groin as heavy as if that torque were hanging off his sac.
"I am not a slave," she said, her tone calmer than it had been. 
He noticed that her self-control seemed inversely proportional to his; the more she flustered him, the more she seemed to find her confidence. "That is simplistic thinking."
"L'auraly are sold to whomever can buy them. That's slavery."
"Not just anyone," she corrected. She looked down to stroke the necklace, her oval nails ticking quietly over some texture too subtle for even the high-resolution screen to capture. "We take as a patron the one who best pleases the qva'avaq."
He ignored the itch down his spine that matched the topography of her finger over the torque. "It's a rock. How are you supposed to please a rock?"
She didn't lift her face, but nevertheless speared him with a steady stare through long dark lashes. "It seems I will be discovering an answer to just that question." When he opened his mouth to object to her oblique insinuation—he was not a rock, regardless of how part of him currently felt—she interrupted. "I am the only one of my kind until the keying ceremonies for the younger l'auraly. It will be years before anyone else in the universe, however far along the sheerways you might go, has this chance we are offering you."
"'This chance' meaning you, pleasuring me."
"Save my planet and the fire of suns will be as mere embers to the pleasure I will unleash upon you."
Was that a promise or a threat? Or both? He swallowed, glad he'd grabbed the sheet when he had the chance. Her dance between innocence and smoldering anger provoked him in ways that would not enhance his bargaining position.
Not that he intended to bargain. "Not interested." Though his voice was tellingly hoarse and evidence to the contrary raged behind the sheet, he wasn't going to be pleasing cocks or rocks. "I'm not a slaver. Find someone else."
"There is no one else. We've chosen you."
He shook his head. "Then I'm sorry but—"
She raised her chin. "You must come to Qv'arratz and intervene with our attackers."
The arrogant tilt of her head raised his hackles. "Why am I hearing an 'or else'?"
"Perhaps your lonely years in the silence between the stars sharpened your hearing. The 'or else' is that you will lose the Asphodel."
A chill that had nothing to do with his sheet-only attire spread through him as if the bulkhead had begun to disintegrate, letting in the deadly cold of space. "No one can take my ship."
"The Asphodel is registered out of New Drakko, isn't she? It would be a shame if she were scheduled for decommissioning by Drakko Federation edict. We can ensure such an edict never comes to light. But only if you help us."
"You can't—"
"Yes, by all the shining stones of Qv'arratz, we can." She wrapped her long fingers over the blunt finial of the torque. "Did you know the recently deceased Federation sheerways commissioner paired with a l'auralyo? And did you know l'auraly come home after their patrons die? With the right incentive from a certain l'auralyo who fostered the new sheerways commissioner as a youth, we can make sure Asphodel's papers are flawless." Her voice hardened. "But that l'auralyo will expire, along with your ship, if you don't get here now and save him. And the rest of us."
The scars across Corso's shoulders tightened. "Don't threaten my ship. Do not."
She held herself with the poised tension of a wild creature backed into a corner, on the edge of flight…or attack. "You won't give me a chance to explain, so we won't give you the choice to say no. What lies at stake is not only Qv'arratz, but perhaps the free will of every mind in the universe."
"You talk about free will and then say I have no choice." Incredulity—and a touch of fear—sharpened his tone. "The Drak Fed doesn't own all the sheerways. I can stay ahead of them."
When she shrugged, the blunt finial of the torque twinkled at him like a mocking eye. "You are free to do that. The Asphodel gives you that, doesn't she? She gives you your freedom."
And if he ran, he'd lose access to legitimate Federation business, making it that much harder to keep the Asphodel aloft. He swallowed hard, anger burning in his throat like the stench of spent fuel. "What do I have to do?"
"Come to Qv'arratz. We will show you more when you get here."
His fists clenched. He'd already seen more than he ever wanted to of the fabled l'auraly.




Chapter Two


Benedetta stepped out of the main temple hall, anxiety still crawling down her neck despite an hour of dance meditation. Most evenings, she would pause in the doorway to breathe the lush jungle air and admire the intricate tile work that decorated the one-story building and extended into the circular garden that adorned the center of the temple. But tonight her gaze was drawn inexorably past the high peaked roofs to the stark contrast of the night sky.
Against the darkness, the thin planetary rings of icy dust that circled Qv'arratz, the triple moons, and the stars beyond were as bright as the crystal around her neck. But one point blazed with an especially large and furious glory—emphasis on the fury.
Captain Corso Deynah and the Asphodel were coming into orbit.
Young Icere had put his eclectic l'auraly education to good use, tracking the elusive Asphodel. Captain Deynah obviously had experience flirting on the edges of danger and took no undue chances with his ship. She hoped he would prove a worthy match against their attackers. Old Yecho had consulted his former contacts in the Drakko Federation Sheerways Commission and assured her—after a hurried review of their limited options—that Deynah was the one. 
Or maybe Yecho had said 'the only.' She'd been so frantic to find a way out of their predicament, her highly-disciplined focus might have failed her in that moment.
And for several moments since.
The sight of the captain unclothed should not have shocked her. She'd spent years studying the details of human nakedness, the patterns of burgeoning desire. But the jolt of excitement low in her belly—tingling outward through her limbs as if the light sprinkling of hairs across his broad chest and narrowing down to his heavy sex already rubbed against her—had been completely new. This time the man she was studying might be the one to take her a'lurily crystal.
She curled her fingers through the torque and closed her eyes as the caress echoed in the qva'avaq lines that traced through her skin. The pendant had hung a little heavy and awkward ever since it had been draped around her neck at her keying ceremony. She'd been told it would seem lighter as she grew accustomed to its heft and sway, that eventually it would become part of her.
At least until it became part of someone else. When she became part of someone else.
And now, that someone was about to touch down. About to touch her. She let her fingers slip free from the torque and glide down between her breasts. The careless caress made her shiver.
Maybe he wouldn't take her. Maybe he would sell the keying crystal to another. Certainly that would be his best financial decision, since a pleasure slave—she wrinkled her nose—would be of so little use to a mercenary.
He hadn't always been one though, or so she'd been told. Between organizing the healing circles and reassuring the others, she hadn't had time to review the file herself. She had to be satisfied with the hurried assurances that Deynah could be compelled to do the right thing. Too bad reliance was one of the principles of acquiescence she'd found most difficult to master.
No doubt the captain would have similar trust issues with her.
Tension stiffened her usually flowing steps—so much for meditative dance—as she walked the tiled path of the garden and the short distance through the grove that surrounded the temple grounds. The smooth boughs arching overhead mocked her with their effortless grace. Of course, no one saw that the effortlessness was hard won; she'd spent many a long morning hacking back Qv'arratz's monsoon growth. Now, not a single fallen petal marred the raked path, leaving her no excuse to pause.
Not that she intended to pause. She was the only l'auralya in existence still holding her own key. It was appropriate she should be expended to save the universe.
She halted at the outer edge of the grove, fingers clasped loosely in front of her, gaze tracking the incoming sheership as it grew from star to planet to falling moon. The Asphodel broke atmosphere in a blaze of rainbow light, fiercer even than her crystals. Beautiful.
The ship herself, though, was a thug of a vessel, cruel edged and space scarred. The running lights glared through the night sky, and the howl of the engines cracked the peaceful silence. Benedetta winced. In stories from Old Earth, asphodel flowers might soften the mythical fields of the dead, but this ship was loud enough to wake the deceased.
Despite her size, the ship settled delicately in the clearing, coming to a rest between her six slender landing struts like a crouching beast. The four rounded thrusters powered down with a quartet of resentful whines but remained poised for a quick takeoff, as if the Asphodel had no desire to touch the ground.
The hatch remained stubbornly up. Discussions were probably underway inside, although the captain had no doubt already confirmed that the decommissioning edict was no bluff. 
Just as well she'd insisted upon coming alone, leaving the other l'auraly to wait at the temple. She had estimated the odds that Deynah would shoot her down on sight. Chances were, he would not be so iniquitous, but she had threatened his ship. Though an hour of meditation-in-motion had not made her perspire, at the memory of his furious glare, a bead of nervous sweat traced between her breasts.
She triggered the lume stick she'd brought and set it at her feet to let the warm yellow light bell around her. One of the first sets of talents the l'auraly mastered was the art of presentation, and Benedetta knew she looked her best in the welcoming illumination. She'd chosen loose-fitting trousers and long sleeves in a clear-sky blue to counterbalance the yellow light. Plus, the demure cut would undermine the common misunderstanding about the role of a l'auralya. After all, she was more than a sexual plaything.
But her reasons for reminding herself of that slipped out of her head through her slightly slackened jaw when Deynah stepped into the Asphodel's hatchway.
Oh, he was…he was more—much more—than she'd expected.
He was taller than she'd estimated from their on-screen conversation. He'd looked so broad through the shoulders, she'd assumed he was shorter than average and keen to make up the lack with well-maintained musculature. But he filled the entire hatchway so that the light behind him could barely escape. When he stepped down, he had to turn sideways lest the pulse hazer, slung casually across his broad shoulder, bash the hydraulics as he stalked forward. The big laser weapon was outlawed throughout more enlightened communities since the hydrogen plasma did not even pretend to have a "less lethal" setting.
Behind the captain, two crew members stepped into the opening, similarly armed although their hazers looked larger in their less imposing hands. And they did not even bother trying to look casual. The muzzles were pointed outward at the night. At her. 
Benedetta kept her hands loosely clasped in front of her, fingers laced in the two-up, two-under weave pattern of alliance. The niceties of the l'auraly gesture might be lost on the mercenaries, but she hoped they would at least appreciate her inability to reach quickly for any weapon of her own.
"Captain Deynah, thank you for coming." She pitched her voice as warm and welcoming as the lume.
When he strode across the empty ground, the thud of his heavy boots reverberated through the earth to her bare toes. He was easily double her weight, and not a gram of it superfluous. Though he was more battering ram than dancer, the l'auralya in her had to appreciate the controlled strength with which he carried himself, his steps unhesitating, every movement as precise as a charted course. 
He stopped on the edge of the lume's glow. The uneven hack job of his hair—the only part of him that seemed wayward—hung in thick sable locks around his deep-set eyes. In the fitted cut of his black ship's clothes that emphasized his powerful frame, he was darker than the soft night. 
"I'm here." The growl that arose from his chest was deeper and darker yet, and for all his fierce restraint, she was suddenly reminded of the wild things that prowled the jungle behind her. "Cancel the decomm edict."
"I cannot do that." When he stiffened, she hastened to add, "But I will take you to Yecho. He was the last commissioner's l'auralyo and knows what to do. I told him once I explained our situation to you, you would be more agreeable and we needn't hold such unpleasantness over your head."
"Unpleasantness." The hard edge of his square jaw flexed. "You threatened to kill my ship."
The stubbled grass prickled her soles. Much like her conscience pricked her. "We wouldn't have done it."
He spun on his heel, his boot grinding up the soil.
"Wait!" She jolted a few steps toward him. "You've come this far. Just hear us out."
He glanced over his broad shoulder, his black eyes echoing the titanium-infused glint of the hazer barrel. "Threats or lies. Which will I hear this time?"
She swallowed. "Hate me if you must, but I am trying to save everything I know, and everything you know as well."
"I can't say as I'd care if this little rock were blown to pieces, one shiny crystal at a time. On our way in, we saw the big hole in your only docking port. That's a good start."
She mirrored his outrage back at him. "We have no defensive capabilities, and all our sheer-worthy ships were lost, so we can't escape. Seven were injured and one killed in that 'big hole.' "
He shrugged. "Maybe you're lying about that too."
"I wish I was." Her shoulders sagged. He had her beat on the indifference; impossible to match. "The raiders want coordinates to the mine where we extract the l'auraly crystals. You have to convince them we are too much trouble to steal from, because if we let them take the qva'avaq, they could take the sheerways and everyone therein."
Slowly, he let the hazer slide from his shoulder to rest alongside his leg. The stance was hardly less menacing, but at least that black bore was no longer pointed her way. 
"What do you mean 'take the sheerways'? Anyone—anyone with a ship and a pilot and the navigation codes anyway—can fly the sheerways. No federation, union, or alliance controls space." His lips quirked in the dry humor she was already coming to know. "Not that they haven't tried."
Since he hadn't shot her yet, she took another step toward him, hoping the weight of her concern would convince him. "With the crystals, they could do it."
His wry smile slipped. "How?"
At least he hadn't dismissed her outright. She took a breath. "The only export from Qv'arratz is the l'auraly. Without us, Qv'arratz has nothing of value. So you appreciate our determination that the crystals not be taken. And it speaks to the depth of our urgency that we are giving you the only unclaimed l'auralya in our temple: Me."
He pinned her with an unwavering stare. "I get that you don't want to lose your precious resource. But you said the sheerways are at risk."
Of course, he only cared about what it meant to him. She squelched her disappointment. They'd chosen Deynah as their savior specifically because he was a mercenary. He had learned the hard way to value his freedom, and he was going to make her fight as hard for their survival.
"As you know, l'auraly are enhanced with emotively resonant crystalline elements." She thumbed the torque around her neck. "This is the crystal that will align my qva'avaq to my future a'lurilyo—my patron."
"Your owner," he snapped. "Who will control you."
She ignored his curt interruption. "According to our off-world sources, the Universalist Union has been exploring a technology that could weaponize the resonant crystal pairs. Whoever holds one half of the qva'avaq can key the other half. And through it, key the person in the crystal's influence."
"Key?"
She cleared her throat. "In the right—or should I say wrong—hands, the resonance could be used as mind control."
"And you say you aren't a slave." His lips twisted again. No smile this time, but revulsion. "If you are the only keyed l'auralya, are you the one in danger?" A spiraling fury rose in his eyes: At her, or for her?
"Not just me," she admitted softly. "If we lose the qva'avaq mine to the raiders, anyone could be exposed to half a crystal pairing. In small amounts, it would not be deadly. At least, not at first."
"And before the victims died, they could empty treasuries, expose state secrets, reveal sheerways codes..." He raked his fingers through his hair, leaving the dark locks to bristle. The look he shot her made her swallow as if his fingers wrapped around her neck. "Is this worth your thrice-tangled pleasure?"
"Obviously I can't explain the l'auralya-to-a'lurilyo bond to you, Captain."
"Right. An ignorant mercenary could never understand the nuances of such a refined relationship." The loathing on his face deepened to a sneer.
She'd meant that a man accustomed to the black freedom of space would have no use for the compromises she'd known from her earliest memories. But she wasn't going to try to soothe his outrage. He wasn't her a'lurilyo, to be pampered and appeased with all her l'auralya talents.
Not yet anyway.
The quiver of awareness that had sprung to life with her first glimpse of him over the hijacked thread to his shipboard berth plagued her anew.
She'd seen naked males before, of course. Dozens of them. One wasn't raised to become l'auraly without a complete and thorough understanding of humanoid physiology. Of course, she had seen only Yecho and Icere in the flesh, and Yecho was well into his eighth decade while Icere had stopped running around the temple unclothed when he was four. Still, holographic simulacrums were very lifelike.
And yet none of that complete and thorough understanding had prepared her for Captain Corso Deynah on her comm screen. And definitely not for the sheerways warrior standing in front of her.
He was so large and effortless in his strength. And according to his file, when he killed, he killed with the same simple coldness as space itself.
And yet a sheership could not be muscled through the perilously shifting curtains of sheerspace. That needed a certain sensitivity and delicacy of touch.
Considering his touch, she shifted her attention to his big hands, to his one long forefinger poised unerringly over the trigger of the hazer, a trigger that was roughly the shape and not that much bigger than her own passionate trigger point…
The rush of awareness that washed through her rivaled the Qv'arratz monsoon for its moist heat. She jerked her gaze up to find the captain staring back at her, and she realized she'd been silent too long. And maybe she'd been panting slightly. 
She tightened her jaw. She'd simply been shocked speechless that he was demonstrating such an unfortunate lack of understanding and compassion. Well, he made her appreciate her imaginary holographic a'lurily patrons even more.
"Captain Deynah, despite your lack of imagination regarding the possibilities of connection between man and woman—" She ignored the roll of his eyes. "You seem to have readily grasped the need to protect your ship and thus ensure your ability to avoid future entanglements." 
He lowered his chin to pin her with his dark glare and remained menacingly silent.
"So if you don't want the UU to gain control of the crystals and from there the rest of the universe—along with the sheerways you so adore—then you will just have to help me now."
His jaw continued to work over the many words he clearly longed to say. Finally he spit out a terse, "You told me you'd show me more."
She didn't gloat. They didn't have cause to be gleeful. But she gave him a smile she hoped came across as more approving than smug. "Return with me to the temple. Yecho will explain, and Icere has the beginnings of a battle plan."
"I make my own battle plans," the captain growled.
She inclined her head to the angle halfway between agreement and submission, giving him the pleasure of that small victory he clearly needed. She'd learned that much at least from the males of the temple, old and young as they might be. "That is, after all, why we brought you here." She bit back a smile when he ground his teeth again.
The circumstances were dire, but at least one mercenary sheerways captain would learn to appreciate that a pleasure slave could find more than one use for her clever tongue.




Chapter Three


Hazer at the ready, Corso paced along the shadowed path behind the slave-whore.
Tangle and shred it, he was being a bastard, but he didn't much plan to change his way of thinking anytime soon. She'd threatened the Asphodel. He'd never forget or forgive the ruthless resolve in her husky-sweet voice.
He didn't, however, see a way out of this. Yet.
Through the comm link curled behind his ear, he heard Patter and Jorr murmuring with Evessa back at the ship as the two crew members flanked him, keeping to the trees. He'd told them to stay out of sight, away from the yellow glow of the lume stick in Benedetta's hand.
Stay out of the slave-whore's hands. He repeated the good advice to himself.
What sort of creature submitted so gracefully to her own slavery?
His gaze settled on the Euclidean curves of her hips, charting their sway with the same concentration as he manned his sheership.
When Benedetta had stripped off her tunic to bare her back to him, the folds of silky material had caught over those hips. Now that he had them in visual range, they looked just as dockable in real life. More so. 
Corso jerked his gaze up and caught her watching him over her shoulder, her citrine eyes brighter than ever in the yellow light of her lume stick.
Maybe he never forgot or forgave, but apparently he could be distracted.
She blinked, briefly shielding those night-predator eyes. "This way, Captain." 
They walked out from beneath the shadowed trees into a tiled courtyard. A handful of buildings—all low single story, but with roofs that swept upward to high points—formed a semi-circle, their latticed windows filling the courtyard with elaborate patterns of cheery light. The largest building nestled in the center, and its double doors stood wide open. A smell drifted out, a complex fragrance as sweet and tart as Benedetta herself, and Corso lifted his head.
Benedetta smiled when he sniffed. "We've prepared a meal for you. Yecho says what he missed most from his station life with the sheerways commissioner was fresh fruit. Luckily, pixberries seem to thrive everywhere with an atmosphere and soil, and here they are always in season."
"Maybe I can pay my crew in berries. Unless you l'auraly share your . . . gifts." Oh yeah, he was being a bastard, but the tangy aroma caught in his throat until he thought he might choke.
She lifted one eyebrow, smile still fixed in place. "Perhaps we could start by allowing your crew to dine with us. Unless having them target me from the shadows makes you feel protected from me."
He flinched. Just a twitch before he caught himself, but he knew she caught it too. Patter's soft chuckle grated in the comm behind Corso's ear.
"They are fine where they are," he snapped.
"Aw, Captain," Patter whispered through the link. "We can still shoot her after we eat."
"Very well." Benedetta swept her hand ahead of her. "Welcome to the l'auraly temple, Captain. Please, step inside. Do leave your boots on if that will make you more comfortable."
Corso scowled down at her bare toes but didn't kick the closure tabs on his heavy boots as he crossed into the antechamber. The interior was divided with hanging panels, dyed in subtle gradations of dawn and dusk hues, that blocked his view.
"There's a hook there for your weapon..." She pursed her lips and then, with a shake of her head, drawled, "Never mind. Through here."
She whisked around the curtains, but he followed more slowly, his boots silent on the smooth squares of the floor. He eased past the drapery with its delicate tracings of silvery thread, careful not to touch it in case the qva'avaq woven into the fabric might poison him.
Beyond, the tiled chamber opened wide enough to hold dozens of opponents.
Benedetta had kept her smile, but now there was a touch of wickedness to it. Only herself, one old man and one old woman, a youth working hard at the fuzz on his chin, and two petite girl children waited in a row. They stood with their slender, silvery hands clasped in front of them in matching postures as poised as they were subservient. Between them and him spread a long, low table laden with more platters of food than the Asphodel had passed in light-years. In the fluted glassware centered perfectly on every plate, small purple pixberries still bubbled in their own juices, scenting the air like captured sunshine.
Corso swallowed hard. The last time he'd smelled that, he'd been face down in a muddy enemy field, his shoulders burning, while the purple pix hedges blackened in the torrents of plasma raining down from the squadron of sheerships that had once been his.
His fingers tightened on the hazer. Too bad he couldn't put a plasma pulse through his memories. He had to deal with them the old-fashioned way—by ignoring them.
"Welcome, Captain Deynah." The old man raised both age-gnarled hands to his receded hairline in a deferential salute. "Thank you; a thousand times thank you, for coming in our time of need." Despite a faint quaver in his voice, his back was straight as he knelt, and the sensuality that breathed heavy in Benedetta still whispered around his trim figure. The youth steadied him surreptitiously with a grip that had not yet come into its full strength. In a sinuous wave, the whole group sank to their knees—Benedetta a heartbeat behind the rest.
The l'auraly stared up at him with jewel-toned eyes. Instead of bartering in berries, maybe he could sell their eyeballs as ornamentation. But Corso knew he was being a bastard only to offset his realization that these living, breathing baubles of erotically enhanced humanity posed absolutely no threat at all.
With a sigh, he lowered the hazer. "Patter, Jorr, get in here."
He crossed his legs and seated himself opposite the old man, avoiding Benedetta's amused yellow eyes. He was limber enough to sit cross-legged but too tall for his legs to fit comfortably under the table.
The old man grimaced. "We apologize for the humble reception, Captain. Qv'arratz is in reduced circumstances at the moment."
Corso waited while Patter and Jorr crowded the table. "Let's talk about those circumstances."
At his cold tone, his crew members paused, their plates already half filled.
Patter shifted so the carbine swung over his shoulder, closer to his reach. "Can we eat first?"
"Please," the old man said. "Eat and enjoy while I tell you everything."
"That would be a nice change." Corso shot a brooding glance at Benedetta.
"I am Yecho—"
Corso directed his glare back to the old man. "Cancel the edict on my ship."
"Already done, Captain. A gesture of goodwill. And good faith."
Beside Yecho, the youth averted his face—a silent protest.
Corso sized him up in a glance. "You didn't agree, boy?"
The youth froze, and the old woman settled her hand on his sleeve. "Captain, I am Rislla, teacher to these young people. Icere here is still learning the twin arts of will and faith."
"I suppose that would be hard for a gang of blackmailing sex slaves."
Benedetta sighed. The old man and woman didn't react at all. And the youth, Icere, scowled while the two young girls blinked in confusion. What a group.
Yecho poured matching goblets of some sparkling liquid and distributed them down the table. "I know Benedetta has already explained the repercussions should the qva'avaq be weaponized."
"She told me. I'm not sure I believe it."
Icere surged upright. Patter dropped his plate and mirrored the youth with a carbine. Icere gave an audible gulp but slowly held out the tablet he'd had on his lap. "It's all here."
Corso sipped at the cup the old man handed him and let the tableau stand for a moment. "Patter, take the tablet and send a comm to Evessa with the data. Let me know what she finds."
The youth flushed a dull red. "I double checked all sources. Based on my—"
"And we will triple check. After all, it's my crew that could die."
Benedetta snorted. "We hope you are better than that."
"Me too," Patter said as he punched the Asphodel's codes into the tablet.
The girls linked their arms, their dark and light hair mingling as they huddled together. The blonde whispered, "We don't want to die."
Benedetta caught Corso's glance for the briefest moment then dropped her gaze. He hissed out a breath, because yeah, he felt like a bastard right then too.
They finished the meal with awkward small talk. Corso and his crew had been a long time without fresh provisions, and the table, as burdened as it had been, was soon cleared. Corso pushed his goblet of pixberries to Jorr, then left Patter to interface with Evessa and Icere over the data.
He stepped outside, breathing out hard to clear the lingering sweet scent from his lungs, and stared up at the sky. At the almost inaudible pad of bare feet behind him, he stiffened. Benedetta's more subtle perfume teased him, and his heartbeat ramped even higher than it had that long-ago day when the sheership plasma scorched the earth around him.
"Is it strange to see the stars from this angle?"
He glanced at the woman beside him. The l'auraly markings curled up the slender column of her neck to brush the points of her jaw, and the traceries glimmered even in the faint starlight. Every soldier knew, a sharp blow to those pressure points could disable. A kiss along those same lines could… He crushed the wayward thought. "What?"
She gestured upward, and the inner skin of her wrist glinted. "In your ship, you're so much closer to them. They are beautiful from here, even through the ice rings and the light of three moons. They must be utterly amazing when you are up there alone with them."
"You don't see them at all in the sheerways. It's all black. Unless you're tangled, and then I'm told you see every star and moon and nebula at once in the nanosecond before your ship is shredded."
She blinked. "Well, Captain Deynah, and here I wondered if you had any music in your soul."
"Keep wondering." As he wondered about her; how could she hold onto her soul when she was destined to be sold? He didn't want to think about that either. "I suppose there's no chance my pilot is going to uproot an error in your boy's findings?"
She shook her head. "We always thought the crystals were inert without the unique Qv'arratz physiology. Not even all of our people can be keyed, and not all who are exposed survive the process. We've been safe until now because no one else could use them."
"Safe, except for those people who died. And the ones who were sold."
She moved a few restless paces from him. "People get hurt and die on every world through the cosmos. We are not unique in that respect."
"Just unique in the aspect that you can be programmed to become the perfect mate for the perfect person."
She glanced at him. "Now you sound intrigued."
"I didn't believe the stories. And I'm not sure I do yet."
She gave him half a smile. "I can't convince you with mere words. You must wear the a'lurilyo crystal to experience it yourself." She touched the outer curve of the torque. 
In the starlight, tiny points glittered on the inner curve of the crystal ring. Sharp enough to pierce the skin? Maybe, except a clear sealant coated the torque and protected the owner. Still, his hackles prickled. "No thanks."
"What other reward will you take then?" She turned her steps in a half circle behind him. "You didn't even touch the pix."
He held himself still, though the prickle on the back of his neck tripped down his spine with her out of sight. "Keeping the sheerways open is more important than berries. We should bring in backup. If your raiders are a private entity, we can blow them out of the sky. And if the UU is involved, other consortiums will be willing to fight them—do whatever it takes, to stop them from commanding the sheerways."
"Fight them long enough to take the qva'avaq for themselves? No, we can't bring in anyone else."
"You brought me."
"Yecho and Icere trust you."
He noticed she hadn't included herself in that short list.
She stopped her prowl at a right angle to him, just out of arm's reach. "You had the opportunity to bind a world to your bidding. And yet you chose otherwise."
The dull heat in his face annoyed him almost as much as the sympathetic twinge in his scarred shoulders. His rebellion at L-Sept hadn't been a choice; the men he'd once commanded had been trying to kill him. But he buried the memory under a hard smile. "Why would I settle for one world? With the Asphodel and the sheerways, the universe is mine."
"I hope you mean that metaphorically. It was our calculation that—unlike our attackers—you will be able to resist the opportunity to enslave a universe." She wrapped her arms around herself. "Why does it mean so much to you?"
"My freedom? You have to ask?" As soon as he said it, he realized, of course she had to ask. The reminder appalled him anew, and the truth popped out before he could censor it. "Because it's all I have left."
He dared to slant a glance at her, sickened at the pathetic sound of the words. But her face was tilted to the stars, and her gaze was frosted with the light. "Do you hear that?"
The faint telltale whine sent old memories racing in all directions. "Incoming. Tangle it, where's my pilot—?"
Before he finished, his comm link chattered to life.
"Captain, we're tracking a low-orbit launch. Looks like a remote minefield drop; timed. Sorry, sir, but it was powered down so we missed it on initial sweep. No other ships on sensors."
As Evessa spoke, Corso grabbed Benedetta's arm and hustled her back inside the doorway. "Point of impact?"
Evessa's cool tone murmured in his ear. "Calculating… Looks like a klick downpole from your location. A small village by the heat sig. A missile from us at this angle will double the fallout."
Corso took one second to think. "But smaller pieces will reduce damage. Get up there and hit it high as you can." He spun Benedetta toward him. "Can you contact the closest settlement? Have them duck and cover."
She paled, but nodded and raced back to the still-seated l'auraly. She snatched the tablet from Icere's hand over his protest, explaining the situation rapidly as she typed. 
Patter loped up. "To the Asphodel?"
Corso turned his head to avoid the scent of pix on his first's breath. "No, she's going aloft now to counterstrike and neutralize that mine drop. We'll be needed at the village." His shoulders burned at the memory of scorching plasma fires.
His ship was all he had, and at a word from him, she would return to lift him off this rock, away from the raining fire on the ground and in his head. But if these jewel-eyed slave-whores were right, more than a planet—or even his life—was at risk; for want of this crystal, the freedom of all the sheerways could be lost.
What was his life compared to that?
He ran for the door but halted when Benedetta grabbed his arm from behind. "Can you stop it?"
He clenched his jaw. From the other side of the darkened forest, the Asphodel shrieked as she climbed into the sky at full speed, simultaneously launching a forward missile. Before he could speak, a rumbling roar drowned out the ship.
A red glow appeared over the trees.
He met Benedetta's terrified glance. "Can't stop a shredded thing. Let's go."




Chapter Four


Benedetta paced the captain as they fell in behind the heavily-laden runabout rig bearing Yecho and Rislla. The elders' anatomy skills would be needed tonight, she feared.
The captain barked orders to his ship above; something about redirecting the automated bombing drone without destroying it. "If they're waiting for the autos to weaken resistance and soften us up for the kill, we don't want them coming back early to see what's causing the delay."
Benedetta didn't feel softened, she felt like a rock on fire—burning fury and heavy dread mixed with volcanic violence in her body. "The raiders aren't even here. We can't give in to them no matter how much we might wish it."
He shot her a glance. "And wouldn't you be more eager to submit when they finally return?"
"I want to kill them!"
"Well, a few more mine drops would take care of that. They have the timing of their attack well planned. The first bomb to announce themselves. This one to remind you. The next to break you."
She chewed the inside of her cheek until she tasted blood. No, the metallic tang came from the village ahead. "Oh no," she whispered.
She stumbled as they emerged into the firelight.
The bombing had taken out a quarter of the village. The scattering blast had decimated buildings, and incendiaries were eating furiously outward in a blazing red ring.
But already the villagers were gathering to fight the blaze and begin rescue work. Her call had at least prepared them for the devastation; faces were set in grim, determined lines.
"We won't be soft," she murmured.
The captain's dark gaze assessed the activity in one efficient sweep. "Not what I expected from people living off slave labor."
"Stop it." She wheeled on him. "Enough."
After a moment, he nodded. "Let's do this."
They plunged into the chaos.
The bombs were the worst sort of terror tool, shredding as much as killing, so that the victims were a horror of their own and the buildings left standing were death traps of instability and flames. The villagers had already set up a triage; Yecho and Rislla unpacked the runabout in the midst of the moaning wounded. Since they seemed to have everything under control there, Benedetta followed the captain toward the nearest building where rescue efforts were still underway.
He glanced at her. "Go back."
She set her jaw. "I'll be more use here. I am stronger than I look."
"You're also my payment. Can't lose you now."
"At the rate things are going, there won't be anything to pay for." She passed him at a jog.
Someone had tossed down a pile of mismatched gloves, not much more than decorative knitting, but she yanked on a pair over her silver-threaded hands and joined the villagers pulling aside debris where the frantic calls from the trapped were loudest.
A woman clutched at her arm. "L'auralya, my children! They were in the back room. Please..."
Big hands—too big for any gloves—set the woman to one side and reached past Benedetta. "Let me make the hole," Corso said. "Put the sway in those hips to good use and see if you can shimmy past the obstructions."
She nodded. While he levered up a still-smoldering beam, she cracked a lume stick and tucked it behind her ear. The hot timber prickled on her back as she scuttled underneath, but her backside burned with a different sort of heat: the fever of the qva'avaq. 
He'd noticed her hips?
Behind the fallen beam, one wall had toppled, but the other still stood. The triangular corridor of open space was big enough for her to crawl quickly toward the back of the house, following the terrified cries, wordless and pleading.
"I'm coming," she called. "Hold on."
She shoved past crumbled masonry and burst into the collapsed room. Three sets of wide eyes stared back at her, arms wrapped in a knot around one another.
"L'auralya," the smallest of the three whispered. "Have you come to take us to paradise?"
Benedetta held out her hand. "I've come to take you to your mother. She's waiting . . . this way. Quickly now."
Still the eldest of the three clung to the smallest. "His leg is caught under the bed frame."
Around them, the house groaned a warning, and a puff of smoke rolled through the space. A horrified thrill raced along Benedetta's nerves, and the middle child began to cry.
"None of that now." Benedetta modulated her voice to comfort and cajole as she'd been taught. "Can you be brave for me? If you stop crying, I'll sing you a secret l'auraly song when we get out."
Lips quivering, they stared at her, but at least they swallowed down their sobs. They'd need all the breath they could get as the smoke thickened.
Benedetta crawled into the children's midst, physically disentangling them. "Go now, you two. Here's my lume. Follow my path back to your mother. You can see right there how I went. Tell the big man at the other end that we are still here, your brother and I. He'll know what to do." Although what Corso could do… The back of the house was in ruins; he could never punch through the fallen outer walls before the fire reached them.
The two children scrambled over the debris into the haphazard corridor.
"Quickly," Benedetta said.
"I'll race you," the eldest challenged the middle. They disappeared into the thickening gloom.
Benedetta turned her attention to the little boy. Without her lume stick, the red glow of the encroaching fires seemed closer than ever. The boy stared at her with solemn dark eyes.
She traced her hands down his small leg to the snarl of wood and wire that had been the bed frame. "What is your name, child?"
"Rooly." He sucked in a breath and coughed once on the thickening smoke but didn't cry out. "I think I'm really stuck. Will your friend come back for us?"
"Yes," she said absently, still feeling for the place where he might be caught. But then she heard herself and paused. She did think Corso would come. "Yes, Rooly," she repeated more firmly. "But we could surprise them if we got you free first." There. Not crushed, his foot was merely snared in the webbed wires that supported the mattress.
"Everyone's talking about the l'auraly," the boy said. "Everyone says you should just give the crystals to the bad men and then they'd go away. The bad men did this, didn't they?"
Benedetta gritted her teeth as she tried to pry the wires apart. "Yes, they did this."
"Maybe you should have given them the crystals and then they wouldn't have done this. That's what Mother tells my brother when he won't share his toys with me and I cry."
Though the boy was just repeating what he'd heard, guilt twisted in Benedetta as cruelly as the wires around his foot. She tugged until the fabric of the gloves gave way. "Turn your foot, can you, Rooly? See if—"
With a surprised cry, the boy slipped free. "You did it! Oh, my foot is all sticky with blood. But it doesn't hurt at all."
"We'll look at it when we get out. Can you crawl very fast? Faster than your brother?"
"Surely! And faster than you too."
"Show me." She let him race away from her into the tunnel she'd made. The debris chewed at her knees but her hands were worse. She refused to look down where the wires had cut past the gloves to her flesh.
"Etta!" The roar reverberated down the corridor.
"We're coming," she called back. "I have the child."
"Hurry."
As if that hadn't occurred to her. She quickened her scramble, trying not to feel the pebbles that ground into her torn hands. The smoke in her lungs tore at her from the inside. Just ahead of her, Rooly was a scuttling shadow. So close to escape…
A gout of fire shot across the corridor in front of the little boy.
Rooly recoiled into her, his heels grinding over her fingers. She gasped and pulled him into her arms. Apparently the fire wanted to come farther in.
They couldn't return to the collapsed deathtrap of a room. They couldn't go forward. The timbers groaned a protest at the flames licking toward them. The groan intensified to a shriek, which Rooly echoed. 
The tilted wall beside them began to smoke, then glow red. Clutching Rooly to her chest, she edged back, despair dragging at her muscles. 
The wood of the wall blistered. Benedetta turned to shield the little boy from the broiling heat just as the butt of a hazer—wrapped in big hands—crashed through the burning laths.
"Etta." In the barrage of splinters and plaster, Corso crouched. His dark skin was streaked with soot. "The front of the house collapsed. We have to go out through the side here."
"The other children?"
"Out. Just you now. Come on." He reached for her.
She dumped the boy into his arms. Together they hunched toward their survival. Through the opening ahead, she saw Patter and Jorr still battling back the flames. Holding their own, but barely. The fire snaked overhead, licking along every crevice.
 With a cackling roar, it flared up. Sparks rained down so the fire seemed all around them. Benedetta ducked but the hot ashes never found her. Corso lifted the flap of his coat around her. On the other side of his broad chest, the boy clung, eyes clenched tightly shut.
She raced forward under that protection, and they were only steps from the exit.
As if the fire had sucked the last life from the building, the remaining timbers breathed out one last crackling shower of sparks. And buckled over their heads, swinging toward them as they fled.
Through Corso's heavy body, Benedetta felt the impact as the beam struck him from behind. The heat singed the air around them and he staggered but didn't drop the boy or even the edge of his coat around her. "Don't stop," he growled. The words echoed through her like another impact.
All around them, the night had turned to fire. She heaved for breath, and tears half blinded her as they burst from the crumbling house. Jorr grabbed the boy and Patter yanked Corso—Benedetta still under his arm—free from the chaos.
They staggered away from the mess into the frantic cries from the mother. The little boy shrieked—the last of his bravery gone up in smoke—and Jorr quickly passed him over. 
Around them, the last of similar dramas were playing out as the flames died down.
"What next?" Corso hunched with his hands on his knees and coughed.
"Are you all right?" Benedetta angled herself beside him. "That crossbeam—"
"I'm fine."
Jorr raked his hair back, leaving ashy streaks. "That's it, Captain. We should get back to the Asphodel. We're too vulnerable down here."
Benedetta glared at him. "Will your ship hold all the Qv'arratzy too?"
The crewman didn't flinch. "This is your rock, not ours."
Corso straightened. "I want a status report on the drone up there. What's its next timed drop? That'll give us a clue when our friends are coming back."
Jorr gave a terse nod and moved away to mumble into his comm. 
Patter, who had turned aside to converse with Icere, glanced back. "Got four dead, a couple dozen injured—a few look bad. Could use some derm patches, hypo sprays, and meds from the ship."
"Get it done." Corso glanced at Benedetta. "How bad are your hands?"
She blinked. "I don't know."
She didn't look down as he lifted her hands and uncurled her clenched fingers. "Make a fist. Now open up. You're cut deep in a few places, but everything's working." He gently folded her hands closed again but didn't let go. "A lot of crystal there. Maybe it protected you a little."
The warmth of his touch sank through her cold skin. "The qva'avaq tends to flow along nerve pathways, showing where we are most sensitive." She sounded a little breathless but couldn't find the control to steady her voice.
"Then it must hurt, so have Jorr look at it. He's a good medic despite his bedside manner. He'll take care of you."
She focused on his face. The smudges made him somehow more approachable—if the world could make a mark on him, perhaps she could too. "Are you leaving?"
"I'm not going anywhere," he mumbled. Then his eyes rolled back and he toppled over at her feet.




Chapter Five


He'd passed out before—a professional hazard for a mercenary ship's captain—so he rarely felt any confusion upon regaining consciousness. If he'd passed out for bad reasons, he'd wake up in a med bay. If he'd passed out for good reasons, he'd wake up in somebody's bed.
He almost always woke up in med bay.
But Corso was confused to revive this time. He'd been injured, clear enough, and yet he was in somebody's bed. He tried to avoid that kind of woman.
The woven coverlet rubbed over his bare chest as he took a pained breath to catalogue his injuries. Broken ribs, that was a given. From the hitch in his innards, he'd probably nicked something important. A derm patch itched at his neck, so he had analgesics aboard, not that they were doing enough. Which meant Jorr had seen to his wounds; Jorr was a good medic, but he chronically shortchanged his victims on the painkillers. Always said since the pain hadn't killed them, it only made them stronger.
Morning light—almost, but not quite, as soft as the sheet under his hands—filtered through filmy curtains across the room. He turned his head. A bit of a struggle, that, since the pillow was softest of all and tried to swallow him.
Benedetta was curled in a round cushioned chair next to the bed, her cheek resting on her bandaged hands. A flowing robe coiled around her. Despite the generous folds, the fabric seemed to have settled in all the important places, leaving the peaks of her hip and breasts outlined to his wandering eye.
As if she'd felt the weight of his gaze—or maybe he'd made some betraying noise—her eyes opened. In the gentle light, their tarnished copper softened to their earlier citrine meld of summery green and gold. The gemstone colors of a rich planet. A treasure she'd offered him.
She gave him a sleepy smile as she angled herself higher in the chair. "How are you feeling? Shall I summon your medic?"
"I'm breathing. Jorr will figure his job is done."
"Well then, what can I do for you?"
His mind had already been headed down that path without any particular incentive, but her words goaded him along. He didn't like her sitting up while he was flat on his back, especially with the bed frame so low. But when he tried to push upright against the smothering pillows, the strain sent a bolt of pain shooting through him. He hissed out a curse.
Benedetta rocketed from the chair to kneel at his side, her robe fluttering behind her. "Here, let me." She eased him up. And she hadn't been lying; she was stronger than she looked. She plumped the pillow behind his head. "Jorr said that beam swinging into you broke two ribs, one of which nicked your liver. You were bleeding inside and could have died."
He caught his breath as the pain settled, and his chest filled with the dark, sweet scent of her. "Jorr exaggerates so I'll pay him better."
"Ah. You fainted merely to justify his expense. Thoughtful."
He grunted. "Send in Patter. I need to—"
"The mortar drone is disabled for the moment. The timing sequence shows one more drop scheduled for tomorrow. With coordinates I've given your crew, Evessa says she can redirect the strike to an uninhabited area. According to your schedule, that implies our enemies are planning to return in no fewer than two days after we are properly softened up." A glint of copper returned to her gaze. "Patter says you should use those two days to knit your bones and come up with a plan for saving our asses."
That did sound like Patter. Corso let out his breath, full of commands that were being taken care of without him, and breathed in another lungful of Benedetta's essence. He didn't smell smoke from himself either.
He squinted at Benedetta. "I'm clean."
"Jorr said it wasn't necessary, that your internal injuries would not be worsened by external dirt. But I wasn't putting you in my bed smelling of destruction, so I bathed you."
She had bathed him while he was unconscious. Shred it, he'd had a bath, with real water, and he'd missed it? And now he was in her bed. Of course it was her bed: soft, beautiful, enveloping, awash in sunlight. The kind of bed that could make a man forget his hard berth in the blackness of space.
Not that he was that man.
"You can go now," he said. "I need to think."
"Of a way to save our asses? I would be privileged to be your sounding board. That is what I was raised to be. In part."
Hard to forget what she was, with her sex perfume and the staging of her boudoir all around him. "I doubt you can offer much in the way of strategy."
She had undone her braids, and her brown hair looped in soft waves over her shoulders, but her eyes glinted with a fierce light. "I think you'd be surprised what I can offer. Not knowing who my eventual companion will be, I have been schooled in all the major arts and sciences. And enough of the minor ones to keep the dinner conversation lively."
"The Union raiders won't be stopped by lively dinner conversation."
"But in an asymmetric battle such as this, they might be stopped by an insurgent gambit—one with our intimate terrain knowledge plus the Asphodel deployed in an unexpected retaliatory raid as the force multiplier that will allow us to prevail." She smiled thinly when he blinked at her. "General Yuetzu had his l'auralya beside him when he fought through the contested Dust Province sheerways against supposedly unbeatable odds, and won. I told you, I have been thoroughly schooled."
"I wonder why you even bothered calling for outside assistance."
"What we possess in philosophy and knowledge, we lack in hardware. Most of our counteroffensive options required a well-armed ship."
"And of course the l'auraly didn't have those, because if you had, you wouldn't be slaves."
She sat back on her heels. "Your fixation on my supposed bondage is curious. And borders on galling."
"Whatever you want to call yourself—"
"L'auralya," she snapped. "Or, if your tongue can't wrap around it, princess will do."
He coughed out a laugh and his ribs ached. "Princess?"
"Indeed. I am pampered and catered to, polished and educated far above the norm. If in the end I serve my people—"
"They sell you."
"Then the transaction is merely more explicit than most sociopolitical dealings. Although as a well-traveled sheership captain, perhaps you will correct my misunderstandings as I am just a poor planet-bound girl of no account." She clasped her hands in front of her and tilted her head to one side, a picture-perfect pose for a patient student. Or a humble slave.
But her eyes flashed tarnished copper fire at him.
"Freedom comes at a premium." Even to himself, he sounded stiffer than his bound ribs could justify. "It is worth more than you seem willing to admit."
"And it seems to me the price of your freedom is you, alone in a stranger's bed, because there is no one else who awaited your waking."
His breath caught so fiercely the pang reverberated all the way through his chest, from his broken ribs to the scars across his shoulders. 
"Etta! Etta!" The piping shriek from the doorway jolted them both upright as the little boy they had rescued stumbled into the room. He wielded his cane with more enthusiasm than necessary to support his wrapped ankle.
"Rooly," chided his mother from the door. "Show your respect."
The boy froze. "L'aurlya," he said solemnly. But then he pointed his cane at Corso. "He called her Etta."
Benedetta rose smoothly to her feet, her hands slicking down her robe to train the length into perfect folds. "He is an outworlder and must be excused."
"Must be thanked," the mother said. "Both of you. If you hadn't been there..."
Corso cleared his throat. "We haven't saved the planet yet. That ultimatum is still ticking."
The three Qv'arratzy stared at him as if he'd spit in their pix. What was it with these people that they didn't want to face hard, ugly truths?
The boy's lower lip quivered and his eyes glistened as he lifted his face toward Benedetta. "When we were trapped, you said you'd sing me a l'auraly song. You didn't."
Though the artful fall of her robe almost disguised it, her feet did a nervous shuffle in hiding. "I didn't think a brave boy like you would care about a silly song."
"But you said—"
"Rooly," his mother cautioned again.
"If it was a promise..." Corso goaded.
Benedetta shot him a hard glance as she stepped into the fall of light filtering through the window. But her voice was gentle as she sang, and her gestures drew softly shadowed forms in the arch of golden sun on the floor.
In my mirror, I see your eyes as you see mine,
I trace in silvered lines your face; our bodies' peaks and valleys echo
As the mountain's silhouette divides still water and sky.
Qv'auro lo.

Between us, edges dark to light, and silver in the seam
To mark the ways of our dancing hands, infinite and unrestrained
And more perfect in each other's loving eyes, not as we are but
Who I see you to be and what you see in me.
Qv'auro lo.

Let me be the stillness and you will be my sky
And in the space between us, silver stars will rise.
Qv'auro lo.
As she drew out the unfamiliar last words, she held her outstretched hands together, thumbs touching, fingers spread. The white bandages were stark against her silvered skin, bound and achingly vulnerable. But on the floor, the shadow soared like something unfettered, a wild bird on the wing or a sheership. Dust motes hung suspended in the still air, and Corso's chest ached, not from his broken ribs, but from the missing breath Benedetta seemed to have stolen with her husky song.
One sharp clap from the doorway broke the spell. Old Rislla stepped into the room. "Thank you, l'auralya; that will do."
Rooly thumped his crutch. "But the song isn't over, I can tell." 
His mother caught him by the shoulder and steered him away. "Blessings, l'auralya. And l'auralyo."
Icere crowded behind Rislla. The youth scowled at Benedetta though he waited until Rooly's piping voice, singing the refrain, had faded with distance before he snapped, "Why in a million tiny stones would you do that? The song isn't for them." He widened the scowl to encompass Corso as well.
Rislla put her hand on his arm. "Be easy, child."
"Easy? None of this is easy. And now Benedetta is giving away the only thing we have left, our l'auraly secrets—"
Corso snorted. "It was a song." Although the haunting lines lingered in his head.
Had anyone ever wanted to be his sky?
Icere tossed a tablet across Corso's thighs. Would have landed higher if Corso hadn't stopped it with the flat of his hand. "There is your pilot's estimate of the mortar drop clock."
Corso didn't trigger the tablet, only stared from under lowered brows at Icere until the youth shifted uneasily. Satisfied, Corso turned his attention to the older woman. "If I'm going to work up a counterattack, I want to see what your people have already developed. I need a map of sensor dead zones in the planetary rings, and your system rep contact info too. If the UU is actually involved, you can't make an appeal to them for aid, but I can start hunting down who might want to brainwash the universe. That could be useful information for stopping them. And I also need the location of the crystal mine."
Rislla nodded at Icere. "Send it. Except the vein coordinates."
Corso dredged up his scowl again, but Rislla stared back, unaffected. At least he knew where Benedetta got her glare-proof shields. "How am I supposed to help you?"
"You can do that without knowing anything more about the l'auraly." She smiled. "Besides, everyone knows pleasure slaves have no secrets of their own, just silly songs."
She drifted out with Icere behind her.
Corso swore to himself and pushed back the covers. Benedetta made a breathless sound and he turned his glare on her. "If you're going to tell me to stay in bed—"
But her focus on the parts of him he'd unveiled made him forget the rest of the complaint.
Except now he was thinking about staying in bed. Her bed.
She looked…enthralled. The heat churning through his veins was half embarrassment. He'd never heard any whining from his past partners—at least not bad whining—but he didn't fancy himself anything special either. His equipment was standard issue, if slightly upgraded proportionally.
"Where are my clothes?" He didn't mean for his voice to sound so rough, but the weight of her gaze over his flesh was going to get interesting in a moment.
With one last lingering glance, she turned to a small wardrobe. His clothes hung tidily within, and when she handed them over, only the scent of fresh air clung to them. He mumbled his thanks and turned sideways to her.
Tangle it, but he wanted her to touch him with the same fervor that simmered in her eyes. He yanked his trousers up quickly, only wincing a little when bending strained his ribs.
"Your back." She reached out as if she might touch him, but he flinched away.
"Long healed." Though she hadn't made contact, his skin tingled. He knew he couldn't feel anything through the knots of scars, but somehow she had managed to work her way past the shield of burned-out flesh. He jerked on his shirt as quickly as he could, as if one layer of fabric could protect him.
"That happened on Lasa-Sept." She made it a statement, not a question, which meant she'd read his file somewhere. "When they said you carried the battle, I didn't realize they meant on your shoulders."
"I didn't carry it alone."
"But you were the only one who walked away a hero."
"I was one of the few who walked away at all. That's not heroism. That's luck." And he had no doubt that some of those "lucky" ones wished they'd died with the planet. Sometimes survival came at too high a price.
"None of the other squadron leaders refused the illegal orders to pacify L-Sept. Only you."
"And yet, despite my heroic last-chance stand against tyranny and despotism, somehow the planet is still dead. Which is about as pacified as you can get." He slammed closed the tabs on his vest. "Where are my boots? And my weapon?"
"At the front door." But she didn't move out of the way. "Captain Deynah—"
"Corso," he snapped. "If I'm going to kill for you, use my first name."
That made her flinch, but she didn't back down. "Corso, you've already risked your life for us. For the boy. For me. Don't you want a taste of your reward?"
"I think we agreed on berries, yes? I could use some breakfast."
She took a step closer to him. He wished for his boots, for the slight extra height to put him safely above her. But shorter though she was, she had no trouble resting her palms on the vest tabs he'd so carefully closed.
"We agreed on me," she reminded him.
"No, you offered you. I didn't accept."
She angled her fingers under the tabs. "Would you like to accept now?"
He clamped his hands over hers. Not gently. "What are you doing?"
"Do you remember how you blew a hole in the side of the wall to come for me? My intention is rather like that."
"And I'm the trapped little boy in this scenario? I'm offended."
"Maybe you are the wall about to be blown." Leaving her hands caught in his, she sank to her knees in a slow, sensuous slide.
He hadn't done up his trousers yet and his shirttails hung out. When she knelt, her lips were level with the open placket—and his thickening flesh behind. His grip on her hands tightened involuntarily.
She glanced up at him, her gaze smoky, as if the fire they'd escaped still burned there. "We need you, Corso. I need you."
"You already have me," he reminded her.
"Not yet I haven't." She dipped her head forward.
And he jolted back, dropping her bandaged hands. 
Thrown off balance, she caught herself with one hand on the floor. The way she looked up at him through her dark lashes made him think he should just abandon his shredded boots and run.
Though he might need the hazer.
"Oh, you're one that prefers to do the pursuing," she murmured. "My mistake."
"I'm not—" He clamped his jaw shut. "You can't buy me with your body, princess."
She smiled, her flash of teeth a little too fierce to be simple amusement. "But I can buy you with berries. And credits, of course."
"Get me the information I need or you won't have anything to sell."
She shook back the waves of her hair and stood, graceful as ever in her nonchalance. "You will have what you need. And that doesn't include the coordinates to the qva'avaq."
"You said you chose me because you knew I wouldn't want the crystals."
"Yes, well, we thought you would want me. And see where that has gotten us."
It had gotten them in a tense standoff on opposite sides of her bedroom. Why hadn't he just taken what she offered?
Because she would have given it to anyone standing in his place.
"I sold myself once," he said softly. "And I ended up at L-Sept, watching a planet burn. I won't be a whore again, not for anything. It was…too hard."
She studied him, her silvery hands folded into a strange shape in front of her with index fingers and thumbs making two interlinked circles and last three fingertips lightly touching. Her wrists were braceleted in red where he'd held her too tightly. "I translated the song for you, except for the refrain—Qv'auro lo—which is hard to paraphrase. It means, literally, 'You are the light in my stone.' I could light up your stone to make you forget a burning planet, Corso, but only if you want that."
Without waiting for a response, she pivoted on her bare heel and walked out the door. He followed more slowly to find his boots and weapon. Not to mention his calm. The departing sway of her hips was like a wave goodbye to what he'd just turned down.
The temple was serene in the morning light, but over the tree line, thin curls of smoke still rose from the village. He found the comm link in the pocket of his vest and wrapped the wire behind his ear.
"Evessa? Status."
"Good morning, Captain." She rattled off the ship's condition in a comforting torrent of borderline gibberish. This was a song he understood. "Basically," she concluded. "All's well. Including yourself, it seems."
"For the moment."
"As always, Captain."
He grunted. "Where's Patter?"
"Behind you, sir."
Corso turned to find his first crouched under the low window of Benedetta's bedroom, scrawling on his tablet.
Corso stalked over to tower above him. "How much did you hear?"
"Wasn't sure she wouldn't try something while you were unconscious." Patter snickered. "But I only thought she might try to kill you, not do that." 
Despite years of military discipline and more years of mercenary mayhem, Corso's cheeks heated. "You could have moved a little quicker to save me."
The leer dropped off Patter's face, and he lifted one eyebrow quizzically. "You didn't want… Sorry, Captain, I thought you were playing hard to get." He rattled the stylus against the tablet as if equally abashed, but then slanted a glance upward. "You really wouldn't be willing to be her slave?"
"She is the slave," Corso reminded him.
Patter shook his head. "If you say so."
Corso synced their tablets. If only he could download the enigmatic l'auralya's thoughts with as few clicks. For all that her skin was inked in silver like a star map of her physical desires, he was finding that, inside, she was as tangled as the most dangerous of uncharted sheerways. He'd have to find some other way to unravel her.
For some reason, that dire thought accelerated his pulse, and he steadied his suddenly trembling hand on the tablet; he'd never been the sort to risk a flameout just to see how hot the engines ran. "I want options in an hour and specs on a plan by midday."
"I hope lunch is as tasty as dinner last night," Patter mused. He ducked away when Corso glared at him. "You should bring the rest of the crew in. They could use some unfiltered sunlight. And dessert."
"I don't want to be caught with cold engines." Corso scowled when Patter sighed mournfully. "Fine. We'll swap out after lunch. I want guns on the ground anyway."
Patter tilted his head. "You think we can pull this off? One ship against who knows what?"
Though the broken ribs were the more recent injury, Corso's scarred shoulders ached when he shrugged. "No choice."
Patter stared down at his blank screen. "Now who's the slave?"




Chapter Six


Benedetta spent the day checking on the wounded in the village and reviewing accounts for beginning the reconstruction. Qv'arratz had placed fewer l'auraly in the past several decades which meant a decline in the planet's coffers. Yecho and Rislla had noted that at current rates of expenditures, they'd be bankrupt in another decade. Not that they could order in Union building materials anyway, not when they were likely under attack by Union raiders.
As the sun set and the first of the three moons rose, she and the other l'auraly wrapped themselves in veils of palest moth green and stood on the hill beyond the villagers' burial grounds to sing the dead to sleep.
From darkness, to darkness,
The day between is done,
We close our eyes
To step into the still water,
And we are home.
As the last notes of the chorus faded away, she focused on the low rumbling voice behind her: Corso, giving his orders.
"Keep your comm links open," he was telling the black-clad crew gathered around him. "The Asphodel will make a quick orbital survey then be back overhead for the night."
Leaving the l'auraly behind her, Benedetta hastened to join him. "You're going?"
"Not far, not with half my crew down here."
She pushed back her veils to give him a chiding look. "Of course you wouldn't. And they know that, which is why they respect and trust you…even worship you."
He shifted from one boot to the other, sidling away from her. "Hardly. I don't pay them that well."
"It's not about the pay. I've heard them talking, and their voices are full of reverence."
As the crew members who'd supped at the temple melted into the darkening forest, Corso gave an annoyed grunt. "I don't pay them to talk."
"It's not what they say; it's how they say it."
"I hadn't noticed."
"You wouldn't. That's what I'm trained for. To listen and watch and think—and feel." She spread her hands, repeating the final open-handed gestures of the night song. "The l'auraly specialize in feeling."
His gaze shifted even farther from her than his boots and she knew he hovered on the edge of fleeing. "I hadn't noticed that either."
She shook her head at his obstinate blindness. "Take me up with you."
He straightened abruptly. "What?"
"I want to see your ship. I want to see space."
"Nothing to see but black."
"Then why does it mean so much to you?"
He was silent, his face turned away from her to reveal only the flexing of his hard-edged jaw as he ground his teeth. After a moment, he cut his gaze toward her. "You want to be with me because you think I'll go looking for the crystal mine."
"Will you?" She let her hands fall into the resting stance, fingertips pressed lightly together in an inverted steeple at belly height. The cup-like gesture was supposed to facilitate peaceful openness and sharing. Mostly she hoped it would keep her from strangling him for his intransigence.
As if he discerned her decidedly non-peaceful thoughts, he hitched the hazer higher in his grasp. "Our working plan doesn't require that information."
"That wasn't much of an answer."
"And apparently, unlike my crew, you don't trust me."
"But I respect you. And I know you won't let any piece of information escape your grasp. Even if you don't need it."
He finally turned to face her straight on, his dark eyes glinting. "I thought a l'auralya would abide by her owner's every wish. Doesn't that include leaving him the hell alone?"
"Sometimes the owner doesn't know what he truly wishes." She stepped into his anger and angled her face up to his. "And you aren't my a'lurilyo."
In the clearing that had been designated the Asphodel's temporary roost, her blue-white running lights lit the trees and threw black bars of shadow across the ground toward them like a ladder. The sound of the engines firing rose over Corso's muttered curse.
When he reached for her arm, his grip was firm but not cruel, and as he marched her toward the ship's hatch, he modulated his stride to hers. She hid her smile and greeted Jorr cordially as she preceded Corso into the ship though the studded ramp bit at her bare feet.
Jorr scowled, a worthy reflection of his captain's habitual frown. "What's she doing here?"
"Reviewing our strategy."
"Since when do slaves get a say in strategy?"
"When they pay." His boots rang to a halt in front of the medic, and his broad shoulders seemed to fill up half the big hatch bay. "And you'll be rethinking that tone, crewman."
Jorr stiffened. "Yes, sir. Sorry, Captain. I spoke out of line."
Corso steered Benedetta onward but glanced back at Jorr. "By the way, I saw your efficiency update to the recon grid. That is the good work I want from you."
Jorr nodded once, the tense crinkle around his eyes relaxing. "Yes, sir. We're all aboard. I'll close up and tell Evessa to shove off."
"When the surface survey is finished, have her put us in geo sync between the village and temple and run powered down. I'm not expecting trouble, but if it comes, let's make sure we see it first."
"Yes sir." The medic saluted crisply and went to the hatch to close the ship.
Benedetta matched Corso's brisk strides into the main corridor and restrained a grateful sigh when the studded grill underfoot gave way to cold-but-smooth, blue-gray panels. "I don't need your protection, but that was well handled."
"I wasn't protecting you, I was maintaining order on my ship. And I don't need your approval."
"I suppose you don't, since you get so much of it. And it doesn't mean much from a slave-whore."
He stopped abruptly and turned to her. In the lower lighting of the corridor, his face was as hard set as the sheership's uncompromising lines. "He shouldn't have said that."
She lifted her chin to match his expression. "Your medic is not the only one who thinks that way. You've said it too, Captain."
He took a step closer and stared down at her, brow furrowed in fierce concentration. "You never yield, do you? Not once."
"Should I?" She closed her eyes for a heartbeat, gathering her qva'avaq as she would in the meditation dance. When she looked up again, she willed him to feel the flaring energy. "Are you the man to make me yield?"
He reached up one hand…and leaned past her to trigger a panel in the wall with his palm print. A door popped open, and he slotted the hazer in among a half dozen other weapons. The click and whir as he shut the panel and locked it again almost covered the sound of his low sigh as he leaned with his hand flattened against the wall. "I shouldn't have said it either. We do what we must to survive. I must be getting lazy to have forgotten that."
She shrugged. "Maybe you're too principled to be a mercenary."
When he straightened, he trailed his fingertip under her raised chin, tracing the silvery lines she knew marked the inner contour of her jawbone. Despite the weariness of his stance, his dark eyes speared her. "No. I'll still take that payment you offered."
Though the threads of qva'avaq were faint there, the shock of his touch echoed all the way down her spine, forcing the breath from her body in a gasp she couldn't contain. And when she inhaled again, the air around her was rich with his male scent, sharpened with the ship's metallic tang. L'auraly texts described the symptoms of crystalline desire, but even set to music, those poems did not capture the keen rush now accelerating her pulse. The Asphodel—revved up and ready to soar—must feel like this.
She struggled to keep her voice light. "Then I should have brought dessert with me, since you gave up supper to the rest of your crew."
His gaze fell to her mouth as he held the point of her chin in a loose grasp. "I wasn't thinking of berries."
He lowered his head so slowly she thought her qva'avaq pathways might ignite with her anticipation. But the sound that came out of her when his lips closed on hers was nothing more than a whimper.
The touch of his mouth was exquisitely tender, almost tentative. The dance of desire she'd been taught started with the slow slide of his tongue along the seam of her lips. The glissade mesmerized her so that she forgot the steps she should follow and instead sank her hands into his hair to anchor his mouth to hers.
He echoed her grasp, and they clung together as if the Asphodel were falling into the sun and this was their last breath. Certainly Benedetta's body felt the rising heat and pressure all around her. He shifted his thumbs along the points of her jaw, forcing her mouth open farther, and tilted his head over hers, taking the kiss deeper. She moaned into his throat, and his knee thrust between her legs, pinning the fragile folds of her veils to the bulkhead. She dropped her hands to grasp his hips and angled herself to ride his thigh.
He lifted his head with a gasp, his hold falling to her shoulders. "Etta..."
"If you're going to say something stupid or rude, please just kiss me again instead."
His hands flexed, driving into her flesh. "Fuck."
"That was the idea."
"This isn't what I..."
She waited a moment but he didn't continue. "Another injury of some sort? I know ways around any of that."
He slammed one fist into the wall behind her.
She pursed her lips. "I take it that wasn't what you meant?"
He dipped his head down to glare into her eyes. "Believe me, I am fully capable."
"But not willing."
"I thought I made that clear before."
"And I thought you had changed your mind, given that kiss."
"I… No, you were trying to change it for me. Don't think you can control me, princess. Not with your crystals, not with your kisses."
She lifted her chin until their lips were only a breath apart. "There would have been more than that."
He thumped the wall again and backed away just as Jorr passed them from the unloading hatch. 
"Evessa has your orders, Captain, and we'll be underway in T minus three."
Corso nodded. "I'll be up in navigation."
He marched Benedetta ahead of him through the ship. Slightly dazed as she was, she didn't pay as much attention as she should have. She was too intrigued by the slight sting of her lips, the ache between her legs. They'd done nothing—hardly anything—and her body was ready for more. How much of that was the crystal, and how much her own intensifying curiosity? And how much was simple desire?
She had the jumbled impression of blue-gray corridors and doorways that all looked the same, and crew who looked at her with suspicious eyes, also the same. Corso slapped his palm over another door lock and propelled her into the darkened room. Viewports encircled the room, framing the Qv'arratz twilight beyond.
"You wanted to see space. Go sit there and wait." 
She turned swiftly, thinking he was about to lock her in alone, but he strode to a raised dais and with a few terse commands called up a schematic of the planet. 
A woman slipped into the room, her pilot collar shining green. She slanted a glance at Benedetta then focused on Corso. "Captain, I've plotted a recon course for this cruise as you ordered, and marked two possible dead zones near the geo sync where we should be able to scatter the signal if anyone pings us."
He nodded curtly. "Take us out, Evessa. The faster, the better."




Chapter Seven


Benedetta watched as the pilot interfaced with the ship's controls while Corso murmured one-word commands. They wouldn't be needling into the sheerways, so the enhanced genetics that allowed a human to guide a sheership through the folds of space weren't required, but Evessa's alterations were obvious in the black-on-black emptiness of her eyes. How could the captain be so understanding of a pilot's adaptations when he so reviled the l'auraly?
As the rumble of the ship began to make her knees quake, Benedetta turned away from the two shipmates working in companionable harmony and sank onto the bench Corso had indicated. Certainly this noise and shake was normal, wasn't it? Wouldn't a captain look more concerned if his ship were on the verge of exploding?
She realized her fingers were wrapped around the edge of the bench and her gaze fixed on Corso. He raised his shaggy dark head and met her glance. 
With another soft order to Evessa, he crossed the room. "The first time can be unsettling."
"I..." To her horror, her throat closed.
He slid beside her on the seat, his hip nudging her around. "Look out there. Watch. It's beautiful."
She gathered the pale green veils around her and shifted awkwardly, half facing the window but with his profile still in view.
As the ship rose, the blues darkened to deepest violet and then to brilliant flame as the ship broke atmosphere. The ice and dust planetary rings made a silver bridge across their view. And then all was blackness.
Except for billions of stars, echoing that fiery ascent in their brilliant pinpricks. All reflected in his upraised eyes.
She gasped. 
He slanted a glance at her along with a smug grin. "Amazing, isn't it?"
He thought she was looking at the stars.
She nodded, letting him be wrong. To see that pleasure in his eyes and want it when he looked at her… No, that would give him too much power, the kind of power that launched a ship into space. "Amazing," she murmured.
The curve of the planet blazed as the sun rose again, time rolling backward. The rings shone with luminous beauty as the Asphodel danced between them, guided by Evessa's nimble fingers.
"Qv'arratz has a strange confluence of radiation belts and these mineral rings," Corso said.
Benedetta nodded. "According to our studies, that confluence is what allows some of our people to meld with the qva'avaq."
"We can use that to our advantage against your attackers. We'll hide the Asphodel in the sensor dead zones and, when they return, we'll blow them out of the sky."
Benedetta swallowed. The beauty of space had stunned her and now the violence did the same. But she'd brought this to them; they needed it to survive.
To distract herself, she continued her history lesson. "I'm afraid the value of the crystals, in creating the l'auraly, has also prevented Qv'arratz from exploring our other resources. We import nearly everything, even many foods despite the abundant harvests you sampled, and that has made us vulnerable to this attack. We can't bring in traders if we have a mortar drop overhead."
"It won't be there for long."
"You are very sure of yourself."
"I assume you are too, or you wouldn't have brought me."
She shifted. The friction of his thigh against her made her want to squirm again. "I think I've been unfair to you."
His lips quirked. "Which part? Where you brought me here with a threat? How you haven't paid me yet? Am I missing anything?"
She grimaced. "I didn't know… No, I did know what I was doing, what I was forcing you to do. I just didn't know I would feel so conflicted about it." She breathed out a long sigh that sent her leaning back into him. "As captain, you must have sent people into danger. How do you stand it?"
"It helps when they buy into the danger voluntarily." He gave her a nudge and a significant stare before relenting. "But it should never be easy to send someone into danger. That makes for a bad captain. And I never ask anyone to do what I won't do."
She contemplated his words a moment. "That's why you were able to break with the other squadron commanders at L-Sept, isn't it? You said you'd sold yourself to become commander, but that was never true. You gave up a corrupt command of many, for one ship that was only yours. All yours."
He stared out at the planet spinning above them. "I didn't think about it."
"Of course not; you didn't have to think. You just acted. There must be a certain relief in that."
He scowled. "Being a dumb mercenary."
"Being so confident in yourself," she countered.
"You seem very confident."
"Only in what I've been taught to do. Outside of that..." She shook her head. "When we were attacked, I realized how dependent we've grown on others. Not just us l'auraly, but all Qv'arratzy. We've never relied on ourselves the way you and your crew must."
He grunted, as if that were an answer.
Benedetta found herself less interested in the vastness of space outside and more in the unfathomable inner life of the man beside her. "Why didn't you change the Asphodel's name? An ancient flower is not very..."
"Mercenary?"
"I was going to say it's not very masculine."
His lips quirked. "That was her name."
"But you bought her. You could change her name to whatever you wanted."
"That was her name," he repeated.
She tilted her head. "Why, Captain Deynah, are you a sentimentalist?"
He snorted. "Do you know how many credits it takes to repaint the outside of a sheership? Besides, what else should I have called her?"
"The Fight and Flight. The Sheer Escape. Corso's Getaway?"
He nudged her again, harder. "You make it sound like I can't abide any humanoid connection."
"Just none that might get in the way of your freedom."
As he stared out the portal, brow furrowed, his hand closed on the trailing edge of her veil and he rubbed the silky fabric between his fingertips. The veil was long enough that the idle movement didn't tug at her. She wouldn't have even noticed the link between them—he didn't seem to realize he was reaching for her at all—except she was watching for the gesture.
Yes, the captain fought with everything he had to keep his eyes on the stars, but some part of him wanted this touch.
"Space is lonely for a reason." His tone was abrupt, but his grip on her veil remained. "The sheerways get tangled when ships pass too closely. Ships end up lost or shredded. That distance keeps us alive."
"People aren't sheerships," she said, since it seemed he needed the reminder. 
"I suppose not." He didn't sound convinced.
They'd been leaning closer into each other, but they both leaned away when Evessa cleared her throat. "Course is set and locked, Captain. I'll be monitoring from the bridge. Summon me if you have need."
She slipped out of the room, and the door whispered shut behind her. The light off Qv'arratz and the glow of the holo view of their course left Corso's face in shadow as he stared after the departed pilot. For a moment, Benedetta thought he would follow the woman out.
Instead he murmured a lock command on the door. The double click made her heart catch.
"What were we talking about?" Her voice sounded a little breathless in her own ears.
"Something about me not wanting to make connections."
"I think you said that, not me."
"You implied I'm a loner, a coward, and possibly a misanthrope."
"Not a coward anyway."
He slid closer to her on the seat. She scooted away until the curve of the viewport windows pressed into her back. Of course the deadly cold of space was held at bay, but still somehow the radiation from the reflected sunlight seemed to scorch through the transparent steel. Only a sun's worth of burning hydrogen could explain the heat in her skin; even the qva'avaq could not blaze this hot.
"Now who's the coward?" His murmur brushed her cheek.
"I'm not afraid," she protested, which was mostly true. She'd spent a lifetime preparing for this moment, but… "I am just not certain you know what you want from me."
"I'm not sure either. I'm figuring you out as I go." He braced one hand on the viewport and without any of the rest of him touching her, he leaned in for a kiss.
It was worse than before. Or better. Anyway, it knocked her spinning thoughts of arousal stages and mating rituals into disarray like an asteroid plowing through the tidy orbits of outer moons.
His tongue swept hers. No more tentative tangling and retreating, he took her mouth with a marauding power that would do any mercenary proud. She moaned against his lips, and the heat inside her went supernova as the qva'avaq that laced her skin chimed softly.
One touch from him? Truly? His mouth was the spark that lit her crystal lines.
She clutched his broad shoulders, as if her grip were the only thing that kept her from tumbling out into space. Still he did not touch her, though his lips drifted from hers to the edge of her jaw and then down the column of her neck, along the wild flare of her pulse—avoiding the a'lurilyo torque—to the hollow at the base of her throat.
He licked the notch where the qva'avaq pooled, and in answer, the notch between her legs went hypernova.
She gasped and tipped her head back with a thunk against the viewport. He chuckled, a deep vibration against her throat that echoed all the way down to her core.
How unfair that he could control her with a flick of his tongue. Time she did the same…
She raised her head with difficulty against the wicked gravity that seemed to have immobilized her. He seemed equally determined to hold her in place, so she levered her hands between them, inside his shirt.
He caught his breath, and his sucked-in belly gave her extra room to shimmy her hands higher. The crisp scrape of hair across her palms made her close her eyes. Her fingertips skimmed the beads of his nipples and his hips bucked against her thigh.
"Etta," he growled into her neck.
"Yes, Captain?"
He bit her. Not hard, but enough to make her fingers tighten in surprise.
He groaned. "Again."
She did and then he was over her, his big body pinning her in a curve to the seat and viewport, and his hands were everywhere, unwrapping her veils to get to the simple white tunic shift underneath. With one hand, he eased down the neckline of her tunic, exposing her shoulder. With his other hand, he reached for the hem, pushing it up her thigh, then trailing his fingers back down the length of her leg.
As was l'auraly custom, she was barefoot to better experience the flow of life around them. But of course she'd also been taught to keep her skin soft and supple, a blank canvas for her future patron. So the path of his fingers over her arch made her foot twitch in reflex.
He grabbed her ankle, and the lock of his big hands around her slender bones made her heart catch again. Only her years of training kept her foot arched, her pose at once graceful and yielding.
He stared into her eyes, so close the shining rim of Qv'arratz gleamed back at her from his dilated pupils. 
"I want you," he said.
"I feel that."
"I don't want to want you."
"I feel that too." She touched his cheek. "I won't take anything you don't give me, Corso. I can't."
"But what if I—?" He cut himself off to kiss her again, hard, without the teasing heat from before, just the possessive fury of two suns locked in a declining spiral orbit.
Ah, she needed him to fall into her. She must use everything she had been taught, everything she knew in the depths of the qva'avaq. Feminine power flowed through her. This time, he would not stop. She wouldn't let him. 
With a hand anchored at his nape, she drew herself close against him. His hand slid up her leg from ankle to knee to thigh, setting fire to every nerve and thread of crystal along the path. She writhed, letting the motion ruck her skirt higher, reveling as his big, calloused hand tightened possessively on her hip. The bench under her was warm from their body heat. The parts touching him were much, much hotter. 
"No underthings," he murmured. "I love these backwater planets."
"The traditional l'auraly keying ceremony undergarment has nine latches, thirteen ties, twenty-one threaded rivets, and two locks," she informed him, her voice husky. Oh, by all the shining stones, she was melting.
"Good thing this isn't a keying ceremony."
She drew back just enough to meet his smoldering gaze. The distance seemed to cool the torque around her neck. "It could be."
"Etta..."
She kissed him, as hard as he'd kissed her. No, harder yet, at least it felt that way with the crystal crushed between them. 
She slipped the tunic from her shoulders. The fabric slithered down but snagged on her breasts. 
"Benedetta..." Instead of a rejection this time, his groan was pure entreaty. He swept the material away, his hand fisting in the folds as he stared.
This was not how a l'auralya unveiling should go. If she'd been given in the traditional way, the a'lurilyo would have his payment in one hand. With his empty hand, he would accept the qva'avaq ornamentation while her l'auraly mentor retrieved the payment and bowed out.
When they were alone, she would undo the many closings on her ceremonial undergown—although she'd heard, in practice, some patrons were unable to wait for the slow revelation to be completed. The garments were made of fine, weak threads for exactly that reason. Once she was naked, she would fit the torque around her a'lurilyo's neck and then…
Well then, she was just skipping ahead.
One more wriggle and her skirt pleated at her waist, leaving her bare to him, then she stilled under the weight of his hand, letting him look his fill. 
His dark gaze tracked the lines of her qva'avaq, lingering where the crystal traces converged over the peaks of her nipples, down to the mound of her pubis where the silvery shine only emphasized the small dark triangle of hair that beckoned this way.
"Tangle and shred it, but you are beautiful, down to the bone." He touched the center of her throat and drew his finger down between the open finials of the torque, pausing near the where the necklace had bruised her in the passion of their embrace. "It hurt you."
"I don't even feel it."
His hand drifted lower. "Take it off."
"I can't." But she shifted so the curve of her breast bumped his palm. He drew in a harsh breath and cupped her. His thumb eased a slow circle over her nipple and she arched with a purr.
"What you do to me," he murmured.
She smiled. "Nothing much, not yet. So please, continue."
He growled, low in his throat, and she felt the echo in her throat. Even with the stars blazing behind her while the Asphodel rolled through black space, she'd never felt more primitive than this moment, more alive in her own skin than when his brushed roughly against her as he stripped out of his vest and shirt. 
He made an untidy pillow of their clothing and her veils, and eased her down on the bench. With the curve of the viewport over her, she stared up at him. Framed by his beloved stars behind him, he was a breathtaking sight, and her head spun with a touch of vertigo.
"Ah, princess. You move me."
"Hard to believe when you are so much bigger."
"In space, it just takes a nudge."
She had suspected he'd be more amenable to her in the dubious comfort of the Asphodel. Here, in his private space—his private space in space—he could let down his guard. Enough to fuck her, anyway.
She crooked one knee to give him a place to balance his weight while he lowered his head to her breast. She streaked her fingers through his uneven locks and gave herself up to his mouth.
Such fire! L'auraly texts revealed all, and the exercises she'd mastered had brought her intense satisfaction by herself in her bed, but the addition of these chaotic elements—his hands, his mouth, his breath, the scratch of his stubble where she least expected it—redoubled the pleasure. The soft give of her flesh to the hard press of him, the yielding that took as fiercely as it gave, had never been so meaningful to her. Silly tears prickled in her eyes when he shucked his trousers.
He paused. "Etta?"
She shook her head and clasped him closer. "Now."
"No." His big body burned against hers. "There's more. You should know this."
"I know, I know," she moaned. "But I don't think I'll make it."
"You will. I'll make you."
"Ah, my captain, with his orders."
"Do as I say then, and open yourself for me. I will make your crystal sing."
She obeyed, widening the stretch of her legs. As if echoing her tears, her inner flesh moistened and ached with wanting. But he made her wait while he kissed a constellation across her skin. The unwritten lines between sparkled across her nerve endings, brighter than the qva'avaq. His head dropped lower yet, and his dark hair scratched her sensitive inner thighs. She cried out as his tongue laved her. Deep in her core, galaxies unfurled.
He kissed his way up over her delta. "Sweeter than berries. Who needs those thrice-tangled crystals?"
"Corso..."
But he lowered his head again and then his fingers were doing things, wonderful things, things she'd charted in her notebooks and now couldn't remember the names of. She could barely remember her own name.
This was not covered in the l'auraly texts, this feeling of coming undone. The qva'avaq murmured along her nerves, whispering secrets from the l'auralya crystal embedded in her skin to the a'lurilyo crystal around her neck. This was more than simple sex. She stiffened, as if she could hold herself together within the hard circle of his arm clenched under her buttocks and his finger inside her, finding the secret places of her pleasure.
"Let it go," he murmured. "You want it. I want it."
She sobbed at the cool rush of his breath over her fiery skin, and when he plunged his tongue into her again, she came apart in his arms.




Chapter Eight


Corso centered himself over Benedetta's quivering flesh where the silvery whorls of the qva'avaq charted the path of her deepest pleasure. He paused to stare down into her heavy-lidded eyes. "They say l'auraly are untouched until they are given to a companion. Virgins." He stumbled over the outdated word.
She blinked. "Technically, perhaps. But after this, I would say, in all practical ways, no. I am most definitely touched."
A surge of satisfaction swept through him. His raging erection was in no way diminished, and yet the pleased glow within him was almost post-coital in its power. 
But in its backwash, a disturbing thought occurred; had he lessened her value by touching her? The mercenary shouldn't sample his own wares. 
That thought was upended with violent negation. He was not a slaver and she was not merchandise, even though such a financial transaction at least had a certain clarity. No, like the intricate, honed facets of her keying crystal sealed in its protective barrier, this situation seemed pretty and innocuous…and had hidden teeth. 
Benedetta settled her hands over his hips with a sigh. "Let go," she whispered, repeating his words back to him. "I want it. You want it." Her fingers sank into his haunches with irresistible strength.
He could no more withstand her than the Asphodel could deny the commands keyed into the nav that brought the ship from the cold, empty quiet of space into the violence of a fiery descent. And he was every bit as vulnerable in this fated course.
He sank downward, pulled into the circle of her arms, and nestled the seeking apex of his erection into her warmth. She was so tight around him, and her eyes closed as she adjusted to his presence, but the slick damp eased his way.
When he was fully immersed, he kissed her brow until her eyes opened. In the viewport behind her, the roll of the Asphodel brought the planet in sight again and the light bounced in her citrine eyes. The sight pierced him. She was doing this to save her planet, and he… Never mind that she was the born and bred whore, he was the one taking advantage of her.
 Her inner muscles clasped around him, an intimate, invisible warning. "Where are you going, Captain?"
Slowly, he withdrew. 
Maybe he had some intent of retroactive honor, but the hot, wet suck of her delta sabotaged him, and with a groan he plunged back in. She arched up, welcoming the intrusion of his body with a gasp. She skimmed her silvery hands up his chest and circled his nipples. He bucked at the erotic tingle, and she laughed.
At that low, husky sound of delight, he lost it. He stroked her inside and out, using every trick he knew and a few he made up on the spot, watching her unique reactions, responding to her sighs and tightening muscles. Maybe she'd been bred and trained to be the perfect lover, but he was her first lover, and he'd be tangled and shredded before he let her ever forget this moment.
"Now," she whispered at last, and the crystal sighed with her in erotic counterpoint. "Oh please, now."
He buried himself within her and held his breath until the epic shudder ripped through her and caught him, like a wild trip across dangerously tangled sheerways toward a destination unknown but far, far, far away from where they'd started.
A strangled shout tore from him, taking the last of his strength, and he collapsed across her.
It was a long time before he caught his breath. Longer still before he wanted to rise. He kept his weight on his arms so he didn't crush her completely, but he knew he was too heavy and he still didn't want to move. 
He wanted to keep her right where she was.
That realization, more than anything, pushed him up. His head swam with the warm fragrance of her skin when he took a breath, but she touched his jaw and ran her thumb across his lower lip.
"Hush," she said. "Whatever it is, just hush."
For the first time in a long time, he was willing to take someone else's orders.
After they set their clothing to rights, he led her to his room. He didn't miss his days commanding a squadron, but he had a twinge of nostalgia for the full-size shower. At least the Asphodel's captain's quarters offered a private, if cramped, bathing cylinder.
He dialed in the settings and gestured Benedetta inside. "It's not much, princess."
She kissed him, a long, lingering kiss. "This is all I need." She slipped inside without looking back.
He freshened up himself with a rough swipe of medical wipes. His ribs were still sore—the bone knit accelerators never worked as fast as advertised—but the bruises across his back had faded to pale reflections of Benedetta's yellow-green eyes.
Shred it, but even as he erased the planet-side fragrance of her from his skin, replaced with the wipes' sharp chemical tang, the feel of her lingered. In his fingertips, on his tongue, around his cock.
He needed a mind wipe.
He changed into clean clothes and kicked aside the rest—never mind that they'd been cleaned on Qv'arratz and the same hint of fresh, open air clung to them as surrounded Benedetta herself. The fresh black vest smelled of…nothing. Exactly the way it should.
He swore again softly as the shower cylinder cycled off. 
Benedetta emerged, naked. He took a sharp breath. And that perfume teased him yet again. Tangle and shred it, did she carry a secret vial of her essence just to tempt him?
She stood pliant under his restless gaze. "Are you going to show me the rest?"
He shifted. "You saw it all."
She smiled. "Not you. Your ship."
"There's not much more. She's not that big."
"It's not always about size." Her smile widened. "Although sometimes it is."
To his surprise, his face heated.
But as the Asphodel worked her way through the recon pattern, he gave Benedetta—once again wrapped in her veils—a tour. The last time he'd done one, it had been some general or other, strutting through the halls of his flagship without a glance to left or right.
Benedetta poked her nose into everything on the Asphodel. She admired the bridge and ran her hand over the command chair with a sly, sideways glance at him that made his body twitch. She frowned at the weapons board and tapped her chin. He knew what she was thinking this time too; when would they face their attackers? But she regained her enthusiasm to exclaim over the custom engines. His mechanic, Fariz, sat straighter when she noted the modified pinch to the proton-proton fusion.
Corso steered her out of engineering when she and Fariz started debating the risks and payoffs of charged black hole jumping to avoid imposed sheerways tolls.
As they headed down the corridor, he shook his head. "What does a l'auralya need to know about sheerways engines?"
She shrugged. "Who knows who my a'lurilyo will be."
He stiffened as a protest sprang to his tongue, but he bit it back. 
Still, she gave him another telling glance. "When this is over, I need a patron. Someone who will pay the l'auraly price. I'm the only one we have until Icere, Torash, and Alolis undergo their keying ceremonies and receive their a'lurily crystals."
"You will still take a patron after we..." Corso gestured vaguely.
She arched her brow at him. "You've made it clear you aren't interested in accepting the a'lurilyo key, but someone will be. And the fact that we..." She repeated his vague gesture with a mocking and suggestive twist. "That needn't have any lasting impact."
Of course not. Even the evidence of life-ending asteroid hits that blasted off atmospheres might eventually be hidden under the dust of eons.
Still, he found himself asking, "Did you ever consider the l'auraly are keeping the people of Qv'arratz trapped into depending on you?"
She frowned. "Trapped? They give to us and we give back. That's not entrapment; that's a relationship."
"Not a good one," he muttered. "Together, you should both be more than you are alone, not less."
She frowned at him but they'd come to the last stop on the tour, the commissary. 
He slid open the door. "Not much to see here, just the kitchen."
Before he could walk away, she slipped inside. "Where is your cook? You have a pilot, an engineer, a medic..."
"Cooks are hard to keep in space. The good ones get tired of trying to make something out of nothing. The bad ones we get tired of."
She prowled around the counters. Although he demanded a pristine ship, he could almost imagine the dust of neglect smudging her trailing fingers. "No wonder they were so excited about coming planetside for a meal. You know, you have what you need for a good kitchen."
"Except the good cook," he reminded her.
"And the willingness to believe that being in nothingness doesn't mean you have to be happy with nothingness." She stuck her head in the cooling unit while she grumbled to herself. She tossed containers on the counter behind her. 
Corso propped his hip beside the growing pile. "Are you trying to tell me something?"
She straightened. "I wouldn't dream of it."
In mere moments, she'd blended together some concoction in a tall-sided mug. She handed him one. 
He took a sip and raised his eyebrows. The fresh, bright taste shone like sunlight on his tongue. "It's good. Very good. I didn't know we had berries in there."
"You didn't."
"More l'auralya training?" The taste soured a little; how much of what she'd given him was slight of hand? Or other body parts.
"In a way, our whole existence is making something out of nothing." She watched him over the rim of her mug. "Captain Deynah, can we win this fight?"
For a heartbeat, he thought she meant the unvoiced struggle between them. But of course she didn't. That battle was only in his head. "We have the advantage of surprise and of setting. Qv'arratz is too far off the sheerways for your attackers to reasonably maintain a long siege without the promise of great reward. They're raiding on a possibility, that's all. We'll make sure you're not worth their time, effort, and losses."
"Losses," she said softly.
"Inevitable," he reminded her.
"I know." Something about the lack of focus in her eyes made him think she wasn't talking about the wounded and dead on Qv'arratz or even the killing to come.
He gulped down the rest of the concoction. She whisked the mug from his hand before he could speak and upended both in the wash unit.
"Let's go," she said.
He blinked. "Where? You've done everything there is to do on this ship."
"Not everything."
In his bemusement, he let her lead him back to his quarters. Where she proceeded to do things to him that he was fairly sure had never been done on the Asphodel.
"The l'auraly training is very…thorough," he gasped at one point.
"Save your breath," she suggested as she reached for one of her veils and wound the silky pale green fabric between her hands.
He had a moment to wonder if anything could save him and then he completely forgot to breathe.




Chapter Nine


Benedetta stood in the field and watched the Asphodel launch skyward again. With Corso onboard.
They'd slept briefly, limbs entangled in repletion, as the ship completed the reconnaissance survey. Come morning, with the possibility of the raiders' return, Corso had wanted to reshuffle the crew, with some fighters left on the ground and some returning to the ship.
He had left with the ship.
Only sensible, she knew. The Asphodel—and her captain—was Qv'arratz's best chance. And yet…
 She shielded her eyes from the rising sun to track the ship's arc into space.
Why did she feel so abandoned, as scorched and brittle as the grasses behind the Asphodel's rockets? He was doing what she'd asked—what she'd demanded, under threat to his ship; to end the threat so life could continue as it had.
And when had that outcome ceased to appeal to her?
Resolutely, she turned away from the rapidly disappearing ship.
Disappearing is exactly how this would end. The Union raiders would retreat. Corso would take his payment and be gone. And she—
"Benedetta? A moment please."
She blinked the dazzle of the pale morning from her eyes and focused on the path toward the temple. Rislla and Icere stood in the shelter of the trees. 
Icere waved his tablet with a frown. "We're in contact," he groused. "You don't have to stare up at the sky and wish your messages to him."
She ignored him and focused on the older woman. "What is it, Rislla?"
"We have a problem."
Benedetta tried to dredge up a smile. "Which one?"
Rislla didn't smile back. "The villagers are dreading another attack."
"We all are."
"But they have taken the brunt while the l'auraly have been spared. They are grumbling like..." She shook her head. "I've never heard them talk like this."
Benedetta scowled. "We're doing all we can. I've given—" She bit back her own complaint.
But Rislla's sharp gaze dropped to the crystal torque. No, her stare focused slightly higher. "There is a bite mark on your neck."
It took all Benedetta's l'auraly training to dampen the guilty flush that threatened. "I thought since the captain was going into battle for us, I would get his blood flowing."
"Not into that part of him," Rislla snapped.
Icere glanced between them. "What do you—?"
Benedetta lifted her chin. "I followed our teachings." All the pleasurable ones anyway.
Icere blanched, finally understanding. "You squandered l'auraly gifts on a mercenary?"
"The mercenary who will save our lives, our way of life," Benedetta reminded him. Reminded herself.
Rislla frowned. "Benedetta, you were to be our bargaining chip."
"And I laid the chip down." Benedetta couldn't restrain a tiny smile at how thoroughly she'd been laid.
"But you are the last of us," the older l'auralya fretted. "What you have done—"
Icere interrupted. "Not the last. I'm still here. And Torash and Alolis."
Rislla shook her head. "So young."
"I'm not." Icere straightened imperiously. "I've been preparing all my life. Let me take the key crystal now. I won't betray our cause." He shot Benedetta a disdainful glance.
Coming from one of the oldest families on Qv'arratz, Icere had always considered himself a cut above the other l'auraly. He'd been tested for the crystal affinity as an infant and dedicated to the temple before he could walk. He'd been raised with them and still took great pains to remind them, whenever he could, about his ancestors who had discovered and refined the bonding of l'auraly to qva'avaq.
She bit back a harsh retort to remind him he was no better than they were. No better, really, than a slave.
Tangle it, she was starting to think like Corso. Rislla didn't know the half of what Benedetta had given to him.
She took a tempering breath. "Icere, l'auraly aren't keyed before their majority for a very good reason."
"I know the mortality rates, Benedetta," he snapped. "But I've studied the research. Survival is determined as much by strength of the psyche as by chronological age."
"Which leaves you suspect on both counts," she growled back. 
"Children," Rislla said, disapproval lowering her tone. 
Icere straightened. "If you don't think I can help, fine. I won't say another word. But if you think the mercenary cares more about our lives than I do, you're lying to yourself." He spun on his heel—l'auraly graceful despite his pique—and vanished into the forest.
Rislla watched him disappear, her hands poised in the resting gesture. "He is so angry; as if he knows this is the end."
"It's not the end, l'auralya. We have the Asphodel." And Corso.
But Rislla shook her head. "Even if we defeat these raiders, there will be more. Whatever secret they've discovered will be found by others in the end." She touched Benedetta's shoulder. "Maybe Yecho and I should have sent you and the younger three away. Maybe we should never have taken you into the temple at all."
Hearing her unvoiced thoughts spoken aloud, by her mentor of all people, sent a chill through Benedetta's skin, as if the qva'avaq had turned to ice. "But, l'auralya, this is what we are."
"We are all what we are," Rislla said cryptically. Then she sighed and dropped her hands to her sides. "Not that it matters. We are too late now. We will play this thing out to its end."
Benedetta wished the other woman would stop talking about the end, not when the bombs could start dropping at any moment.
"L'auralya..."
Rislla had started to walk away but she glanced back. "Yes, child?"
"Your a'lurilyo… Did you love him?"
Rislla frowned thoughtfully. "I gave him everything I was. And I was nothing else except what I was for him. Is that love?"
Benedetta opened her mouth to answer but found only a silence, deep as space, on her tongue.
Rislla smiled sadly. "I don't know either." She followed Icere's path into the trees, leaving Benedetta alone under the empty sky.




Chapter Ten


The attack still hadn't come. Corso paced the nav room on the Asphodel, staring down at the peaceful planet turning toward night. Evessa had already charted a patrol pattern, the best protection one ship could provide. Which wasn't saying much.
Although maybe he was wrong about the raiders' plans. Maybe he was so scrambled by l'auraly temptations, he had miscalculated and would get everyone killed.
Maybe he should just retrieve his planetside people and run for the outer reaches of the sheerways where no one could reach them.
Benedetta had said the old l'auralyo had voided the decommissioning edict. She'd also said she would be on the hunt for a true companion. She'd said a lot.
And, he reminded himself, she hadn't lied yet. In fact, in a universe as black as the deadly paths between stars, she shone with truth, integrity, and courage despite the names he'd called her.
While he hid up here in his ship. Alone.
He cursed.
Evessa lifted her head from the nav board. As far as he could tell, she just liked to stare into the void. "Is there something I can help you with, Captain?"
"Are you trying to say I should get my tangled ass out of here?"
"Certainly not. You are the captain. The Asphodel is yours." She paused. "But if you wanted to get your tangled ass out of here..."
He gave a sharp laugh. "And where would I go?"
"Back to the l'auralya. Where you want to be."
"She is with her people, where she is supposed to be. I am here, which is my place."
Evessa inclined her head. "As you say, sir."
He tightened his jaw. "You think something else?"
"Sir, I only point the ship where you tell me."
He snorted. "And you always tell me when you think I'm headed in the wrong direction."
She lifted her starfield eyes—the black-on-black stare speckled with pinprick lights that marked a gene-modified sheerways navigator—and gave him a meaningful look.
"You think I'm headed in the wrong direction," he interpreted.
She loosed a long-suffering sigh and pushed to her feet. "Our course is laid in, Captain. Do let me know if anything needs to be changed." She let herself out of the room and the door eased shut, locking him in with his thoughts and the spinning planet beneath and the stars beyond.
How had his world spun out of control so quickly? He'd fought with everything he had—he had fought with more than he'd been given—to become master of his own destiny, commander of his own fortune. Being captain of the Asphodel was the outward manifestation of all he had wanted. She'd taken him where he wanted to go. She was his home, his refuge, his escape, his everything. 
But was the Asphodel still his everything? 
When had he lost that certainty?
His gaze dropped from the dizzying view to the bare bench. He'd gone back to his quarters, but Benedetta had left her veil tied to his bed. The memory made him shift as his loins tightened. And though he knew it was impossible—the ship's life support system would have processed the air a half a million times since the night previous—a whiff of her scent teased him.
The cold purity of his space had been changed into an intimate boudoir. The claustrophobia chased him out.
He cursed again, more softly though no one would hear him this time. Wasn't that what he wanted; no one to hear him?
He sat on the bench, but the seat felt unreasonably cold, even though, once again, he knew life support kept the ship at optimal temperature. What was wrong with him?
As if he didn't know the answer to that.
But how had she gotten so far under his skin? She was the one marked with the crystal lines, not him.
He pushed to his feet again and leaned into the curved viewport until he was surrounded by the illusion of hanging in space.
When he'd been trapped down on L-Sept, the pix fields flaming around him, he'd been willing to sacrifice the whole Lasa system to get his ass off that rock and back to the stars where he belonged. In the end, the price had been only one planet and the vast majority of its inhabitants, but still the survivors had proclaimed him a hero because all they'd wanted was their freedom too.
He allowed no innocents on his crew, precisely so there would be no more guilty blood on his hands. He needed that freedom. That solace. That loneliness. It was the only thing that kept him alive and sane.
But tangle and shred it, what if he'd been wrong? 
What if the stars weren't enough?
He pressed himself closer to the black, as if it could seep into his bones—a dark crystalline perfection of nothingness.
The comm crackled to life with Patter's frowning face. "Captain, are you still there?"
Corso straightened abruptly and strode to the comm panel. "Incoming?"
"No, sir. At least not ships. And not incoming."
"I'm on my way."
Despite his focus, Benedetta's shadow seemed to follow him to the bridge. She would be so curious, her keen intellect and open mind challenging him at every turn. And yet she had that quality that he'd never had: the ability to cede with grace and yet never be defeated, to carry the marks of an unchosen fate and yet not be scarred.
He pushed past the door to the bridge before it could finish opening. "What did you find?"
Patter had already vacated the captain's chair, but he leaned over the arm to summon a heads-up display. "Here."
Corso absorbed the implications in a heartbeat. "Not a ship. You caught a message."
"And not incoming," Patter concluded. "Outgoing, on the same frequency as the remote mortar drop."
"That's why they haven't attacked," Corso murmured.
Patter nodded. "Someone on Qv'arratz is making a deal."
Corso mentally shuffled his options. "I'm going down."
Patter reached for the comm panel. "Yes sir. I'll tell Evessa to change course—"
"No. The Asphodel isn't going. Just me."
Patter frowned. "Captain?"
"Everyone down there knows the plan we made to lay in wait for the raiders, but we can't get the ship planetside in time without giving away that we heard the message. I want the Asphodel on a new attack course. And keep tracking that message."
"But how—?"
"Come up with something. We've worked together long enough. I'm taking a pod down. I'll find out who's talking to our invisible friends and why."
Leaving his first to stare after him in consternation, Corso raced off the bridge.
Since the Asphodel was rated for atmospheric landings, they rarely used the shuttle pods. All four pods were rigged for emergency escape, traveling as light and as anonymous as possible. Qv'arratz didn't have the sensors to track the landing pod, but someone else might be watching too.
Despite his words to Patter, Corso kept his ear comm tuned to the crew. Their bursts of planning chatter reassured him. Benedetta was right; they were a good crew. He had known that, of course, had chosen them to be exactly that, but he hadn't appreciated them enough until this moment.
The pod skimmed atmo as little more than a burning meteor, nothing worth noting and too quick to catch, even if noted. He put down in a small clearing well away from the village and the temple and separate from the open space they'd been using for the Asphodel. 
He took a moment to mark the location well in his memory. They might need to make a quick getaway.
With the hazer in one hand, he moved quickly through the jungle, following his scanner's map until the smells of the temple—woodsmoke, incense, and flowers—guided him in. The temple buildings were dark, as he'd suggested before he left; no sense lighting a beacon for the dropping mortars. The attackers would no doubt be using coordinates they would have established on their initial mapping run, so they wouldn't be fooled, at least not for long. Unless they'd been lazy, as the automated drop indicated, and not done their battle survey. In his militia days, Corso would have court-martialed the lot of them. The false beacon he'd had his crew set up just a few degrees off the temple and village might buy them some time.
Although, with helpful information from whoever was communicating with the raiders, maybe this could all be over by morning. In no time, Benedetta would be headed into the welcoming arms of some eager patron, and he'd be back on the Asphodel…
In silence, he circled behind the blacked-out temple to Benedetta's rooms. 
The curtains were drawn. Not even the faintest line of a lume stick glimmered under the door. He pushed through and quietly called her name. Nothing. Where was she?
A hint of alarm prickled through him. 
She wouldn't have…
He reconnoitered the rest of the temple. The old man Yecho was praying, on his knees in front of a single stick of incense, its glowing tip smaller than a star. Corso left him to it; couldn't hurt their cause any.
But he scanned the building first, looking for electronics that might be sending the message.
Not every message going up was in their favor.
The two girls were asleep in the room behind the devout Yecho. They curled around each other, their heads bowed inward to reveal the backs of their fragile necks. The silver lines of the qva'avaq glimmered, as if recognizing him. He grimaced.
When he withdrew, the old man was standing outside the doorway. "What are you looking for, Captain?"
Corso pitched his voice low. "A liar. A traitor. A thief who wants to take everything I have left."
Yecho raised one eyebrow. "I thought you might be looking for Benedetta. But she is none of those things."
No, she wasn't. Maybe it would be easier if she were, since then a mercenary sheership captain might have a chance… 
Corso cursed under his breath, and one of the girls lifted her head. "L'auralyo?"
"Hush," Yecho murmured. "Empty your hands, Torash, and go back to sleep." His gnarled fingers traced a silvery sign through the darkness.
She gave him a drowsy smile. "Qv'auro lo, l'auralyo."
"A qv'auro lo eso, child."
As the old man led the way back to the temple, Corso kept scanning. "What does that mean?"
"The ritual gestures?" Yecho turned his hands over in front of him. "A blessing, and a reminder that if we are too grasping, too afraid to let go, we have no way to touch." His smile was not as sweet as the girl's—was more suggestive. "Has Benedetta not explained to you the l'auraly power of feeling?"
Nothing on the scanner. Corso grunted. "She explains what she feels like, when she feels like it. Which isn't much or often enough." What other secrets was she holding back besides the location of the crystal mine that was going to poison them all? "That phrase you said… Qvo lo..."
"Qv'auro lo, yes."
"That was in the song she sang..." Corso trailed off when the old man gave him a sideways look. "She said it was too hard to translate." 
"Not at all. It means I love you."
Corso couldn't hide his inadvertent jerk of surprise.
Yecho pointed at the scanner and hazer. "Perhaps she did not want to burden you with too many explanations since your hands are already so full."
Stalking away without a response, Corso finally found Benedetta in the central garden; he would have stumbled over her earlier if he hadn't been creeping around behind the buildings. She knelt in the middle of the tiled path, the lines of qva'avaq tracing her spine exposed by the low drape of her gown, her face turned skyward.
He didn't think she was praying, not if the tear tracks on her cheeks—glimmering in the starlight—were any indication.
Her sorrow pierced him, and he called her name softly though he'd only meant to find her, make sure she was safe, before continuing his search for the outbound signal.
She came to her feet in a rush, swiping at her cheeks. She made even that hurried, surreptitious gesture such a study in beauty that his chest ached; his broken ribs, perhaps, reminding him not all damage could be healed with a hypo spray.
"What are you doing down here?"
He hushed her. "We have a problem."
"Which is why you're supposed to be up there," she reminded him in a whisper.
Quickly and quietly, he explained the signal.
She shook her head. "The first mortar drop that took out our landing pad destroyed all our outgoing capabilities, sensors, message sending, everything. We were cut off."
"You got a message to me," he reminded her.
She frowned. "Barely. And only because..."
He took her arm. "Because?"
"Icere was able to amplify his tablet." She grabbed Corso's arm when he started to whirl away. "But he could only reach you because we had security codes for the Asphodel through Yecho's connections."
"He could have the same codes for the raiders if he has betrayed you to them."
"He wouldn't." But Benedetta's protest trailed off. 
Corso shot her a glance. "Wouldn't? Or you don't want to think it? You're too kind, princess."
She scowled. "No, if Icere sold us out, I'd kill him myself. But I know him; he wouldn't lower himself to that."
"You would be surprised how low people will sell out," he said darkly. "The l'auraly say the qva'avaq makes you sensitive to others' thoughts and…desires and feelings, but do you trust that now?"
Without hesitation, she said, "Yes."
"You're sure? Our lives are on the line here."
She bit her lip and wrapped her arms around herself. Her shoulders—bared by the low back of her gown—hunched a little as she shivered. He knew that feeling of exposure, and it wasn't about the clothing. 
"Yes," she whispered. "The same empathy that primes us for love will serve in war."
Corso nodded once. "I want to believe you, but I'd rather know where everyone is tonight."
She turned toward the darkened buildings, as if she could see through the walls. "He was angry when he left," she mused. "He would have gone to the..."
Corso waited a moment and, when she didn't continue, guessed, "The qva'avaq mine?"
But she shook her head. "The Hall of Mute Crystals."
He grimaced. "That sounds ominous."
"Not ominous, more…poignant. The qva'avaq, fused with l'auraly bodies, is tuned solely to the a'lurily key, and the crystals resonate only with the bearers. When a'lurily die, their keys are returned to us to be entombed in the hall."
"If that hall is here at the temple, I'm surprised the raiders didn't just take that easy source of crystal."
"They couldn't. The crystals are disconnected, essentially dead."
They hurried across the temple grounds to a small building behind the prayer hall. They paused while Corso scanned for the signal.
"I'd heard that the l'auraly bond was for life," he murmured. "But I thought it was just a legend."
"There's a phrase in the keying ceremony when l'auraly are presented to their a'lurily: The brightest moon is but a reflection of the sun. The l'auraly don't die when their patrons and the key crystals do, but neither can they take other patrons. They return here with the muted crystals to teach and mentor."
"Why don't they..." He shrugged helplessly. "Do whatever they want."
She stared past him. "Want? L'auraly reflect the deepest of desires. What is want compared to that?"
Her glib dismissal made him bristle. "Maybe they just don't know what else they desire."




Chapter Eleven


Benedetta realized she'd said too much and glanced away, but Corso fixed his gaze on the scanner again and swore. "What I want is a fix on this signal. Maybe Icere isn't inside."
"He is not the one sending," she reminded him, as she pushed open the door. "Icere?"
"Go away," came the surly reply.
She glanced at Corso and tilted her head toward the interior. "We need to talk to you."
"You and Rislla said it all."
"Not Rislla," Corso growled. He nudged her aside and shouldered through.
The Hall of Mute Crystals was as grim as its name; she'd always thought so. Like all the other buildings tonight, it was blacked out except for a small red brazier, tightly shuttered. The hellish glow cast more shadows than light and filled the small niches carved into the walls with darkness like the eyeholes in empty skulls. Except in these skulls, the decaying crystals shone with a faint nacreous glimmer. Ghosts, she'd always thought, but imprisoned ghosts, not even free to haunt the living.
Icere sat with his back to the wall, hands dangling between his propped-up knees. He would be a devastatingly handsome man, she thought dispassionately, as most l'auralyo were, but right now he looked like a lost child.
He scowled at them. "What do you want?" His voice was pitched just short of a sneer; clearly he wasn't sure how far he could push Corso. That was an advanced lesson for the l'auraly.
Corso aimed the scanner at the boy without speaking, and Icere scrambled to his feet. "What are you—?"
"Wondering if you betrayed your people to the Union raiders," Corso said bluntly. 
Icere spun toward Benedetta, his expression stricken. "I would never do that! Béne—l'auralya—you know me."
Benedetta sighed at the childhood nickname. He hadn't used it in years, but it reminded her of a simpler time, before she'd understood the troubles of Qv'arratz, troubles only she would have a chance to relieve. "Stop, Corso. I told you he didn't do anything wrong."
Corso lowered the scanner slowly, obviously unwilling to give up their only lead. "Because your vaunted l'auralya gifts told you so."
"I know what he is made of. I changed his underthings when he was a baby."
Icere blushed, though his jaw worked as he tried to force down the blood rush through his skin. Yet another l'auraly trick he hadn't yet learned, and Benedetta was suddenly glad he hadn't been keyed to his a'lurily crystal yet. He might still make something of himself—something besides a glorified slave—if they survived… She shoved down the gloomy thought, but the ambiance of the Hall of Mute Crystals did little to encourage positive thinking.
Corso scowled at the youth. "You've been handling an activated tablet recently."
Icere nodded, suddenly eager to help. "I was reviewing your pilot's calculations on the mortar drone, wondering why they hadn't tried to drop on us yet. And I was thinking, we can't fully breach the protections on the timer, but if they try to trigger it, we could hijack the signal, replot its course, and maybe blow them out of space with their own bomb." He glanced between them. "Wouldn't that be ironic?"
Benedetta blanched. "You mean we could have done this all ourselves? We didn't need to involve outsiders?" She had endangered Corso and the crew of the Asphodel for nothing?
Beside her, Corso stiffened. "Outsiders?"
But Icere was already answering eagerly. "Yes." Then he hesitated. "Well, probably not. I wouldn't have known what to look for without Evessa and Patter pointing me in the right direction."
Apparently his sincerity, not to mention his eagerness to blow up the attackers, convinced Corso of the boy's innocence. Corso stuffed the scanner in his pack and stalked away. His black ship's clothes made him a demonic shadow against the red walls and fading crystals.
He stopped and spun on his heel to glare at them. "Where else can we look?"
Icere bit his lip. "The villagers have been putting the damage to rights. Maybe someone started on the landing pad and reactivated the communications relay there. No one would have commented on it since that would be a reasonable resource to rebuild."
Benedetta nodded at him approvingly. "Do you think you can modify your tablet to pick up outgoing signals, like Corso's scanner? Two sets of eyes would double our efforts and our chance of success."
Icere nodded slowly then with more conviction. "I won't be able to reach far though. Our technology just doesn't have the range." His sullen scowl flashed again. "We're so far behind."
He was right, Benedetta reflected as she and Corso headed for the village, staying quiet and out of sight. Qv'arratz had sacrificed more than its smartest, strongest, most sensitive children; it had given up its own evolution.
Corso's thoughts must have been similar because he paused on the edges of the grove. "So many crystals in that hall, but you are the only one left."
"Until Icere, Alolis, and Torash go through their keying ceremonies." In the darkness of the grove, she wrapped her arms around herself. "I grew up with four other l'auraly children. Only two of us endured until our keying, and I alone lived through the ceremony. The surge of the qva'avaq is…intense."
He shifted his weight so his shoulder brushed hers. "It's hard to be the sole survivor."
He would know, of course. She leaned into his strength, just for a moment. "Let's make it count."
They crept between the village buildings, like ghosts of themselves. The blackout and the empty streets made their job easier. But not more successful.
Corso growled softly. "Nothing. Nothing at all."
"If our traitor stopped sending, would there be anything to find until he sends again?"
"If he left the transponder powered on. If a tether signal was still engaged. If someone responded." Corso paced a few steps away. "More ifs."
"You tried," she consoled him. "That means so much to us."
He spun on her. "Does it? Who is this 'us'?"
She was glad the night hid her guilty flush. Unlike Icere, she had the training, but for some reason she couldn't control her reactions around him. "Everyone on Qv'arratz would sleep more peacefully knowing you are here tonight. Well, everyone except one."
"You mean that one dissenter who is your traitor?"
She tilted her head. "Of course that's who I mean."
"I thought maybe you meant you."
She stared at him, fists clenched. Oh, her control was very tenuous tonight. Considering the bombs could fall at any moment, she supposed she was allowed some break in her training. "Don't be an idiot," she said tartly. "Of course I am grateful too."
He straightened, as if surprised. "You're grateful? That's satisfying. I'd have guessed all outsiders are idiots in your eyes." He waved one hand. "And by 'your,' of course I mean everyone on Qv'arratz. And by 'everyone,' I mean everyone."
She narrowed her eyes. "What is wrong with you, Corso?"
He stared back at her. "I'm an idiot. That's what's wrong with me."
She shook her head wearily. "I don't know what to do with you."
"So l'auraly run at the first challenge?"
"I'm tired, Captain. And all of us—and by 'all,' I mean you too—could be dead tomorrow."
"I know," he murmured. "I am angry. At this traitor we can't find, at the raiders who haven't attacked again. At you."
She braced her hands on her hips in exasperation. "Me? By all the tiny stones, what did I do?"
"That crystal could have killed you."
"I was too young to understand the danger when I was exposed the first time. And at my keying ceremony..." She shrugged. "It was too late by then. But if I had died, perhaps you would not be here with me now."
"And that makes me angriest of all."
In the middle of the nearly abandoned village, he reached for her. 
She closed her eyes as he threaded his fingers through hers and drew her to his chest. She didn't resist but neither did she throw herself at him.
"Is a l'auralya allowed to say no?"
She opened her eyes. "Once our crystals are keyed, we'd never want to."
"Tell me no."
"Why?"
"Because I can't tell myself."
Her heart ached. "What do you want from me, Corso?"
"Nothing, princess. Everything."
Frustration and a treacherous desire made her eyes prickle with tears. "That pretty well covers you, doesn't it?" Of course the man who had the entirety of space at his fingertips would want it all.
Wasn't there room for her?
"All I have is this." She put their linked hands over her chest where the torque lay, unnaturally heavy.
But he freed himself from her grasp and slid his hand sideways over her breast. Her breath caught in her throat.
"Only the crystal you say, but you gave me the rest too." His words were remorseless. "And you didn't have to wait for the key. You chose for yourself, when you wanted it."
She was l'auraly, she reminded herself, and for a second, the nightmare of the eyeless skulls filled with ghostly light made her shudder. But then her pulse thudded hard, and she knew he was right. Death and eternity and the emptiness of space might await, but her desire, her passions, the heart that beat under the torque, behind his flattened palm…that was hers. Hers, to spend—to burn—where she would, while she could.
The darkness bled up into space, sliced in two by the thin silvery rings of debris that girdled the planet.
For tonight, he was hers.




Chapter Twelve


At an impasse for the moment, Corso followed Benedetta back to her rooms in utter silence. The night had blackened around them as the triple moons set. Her bedchamber was darkest yet. No light at all except for the shimmer of the crystal in her skin. 
In that pale gleam, they undressed each other with slow hands. He might have blamed the darkness for their mutual uncertainty, but he knew that would be a lie. He'd done this to her. He hadn't taken her thrice-shredded crystal, but he'd taken her confidence, that effortless l'auralya poise.
He might have hated himself except that matched his weakness too perfectly. Captain he might be, but that freedom could be taken from him at any moment. They didn't need the enslaving crystals to be tuned to each other's fears.
Or to want to forget—if only for the rest of the night.
With the curtains bound tight, the rasp of their rousing breath made a close cocoon of sound, and the darkness heightened every touch.
He took her as if this were his last chance. And he gave to her as if she'd asked it of him.
Not that she did. Oh, her body, her breath, even the pulse of her blood matched to his, an invisible glory burning across all his senses. The scent of her filled his being with suns and flowers and sweetness he'd forgotten to want.
She was all he wanted.
And she, who gave all of herself, now seemed to want nothing more of him.
The irony might have made him curse; the woman created to mirror a man's deepest desires asked nothing of him because 'nothing' had been exactly his desire. But tomorrow they could be dead—the ultimate nothing—and now… Now he wanted more than nothing.
But even with her l'auralya insight, how could she believe his change of heart was more than mere battle nerves when he'd never felt so certain in all his life? He could only convince her by giving her everything he had. Of course, all he had right now was his mouth, his tongue, his fingertips, the heavy heat of his body stroking into her. 
She reached for him with both hands. "Corso, let me..."
"No, it's my turn." He gently pinned her hands over her head and set his lips to the silvery whorl below her ear, where the qva'avaq marked her fluttering pulse.
She arched up into him with a soft moan, a parabolic curve that brought all her most tender, fascinating, shining parts into alignment with his. He did not leap on those temptations. Captaining the Asphodel, he'd memorized the brightest stars on the sheerways charts, but he'd also discovered the wonder and adventures—not to mention riches—of the less-traveled paths, the more subtle ways, the secret courses.
No doubt, dangers too waited along the sheerways' dimmer threads, but wonder, adventures, and riches did not go to the faint of heart.
Why did he keep thinking of hearts? He let his breath feather over the gleam of her breasts. She arched higher, and her nipples peaked—binary suns twinkling with her agitated breath—but he centered his kiss just left of her breastbone, above her heart, where her skin was dark by comparison, unmarked. Untouched perhaps? He would change that.
He used all her l'auraly tricks—which weren't so tricky, mostly pure delight—to make her gasp and writhe.
"Corso..." She clutched at his shoulders.
Ah, a gasp and a writhe and the calling of his name. He was a hero. He let her pull him upright over her, his hips cradled into the junction of their bodies, his hard length centered and ready. "Do I please you, princess?"
"Unbearably." She wrapped her legs behind him, heels at his thighs, and took him to her core. He gritted his teeth and clenched every muscle to stop himself from emptying himself right then. She would have to set the rhythm since she had all but turned him to stone.
She rocked into him with another sweet moan, her arms flung carelessly wide and eyes half-closed. Watching her, he imagined every sensation she was feeling, and he swelled with the craving to push her past anything she had known.
At the rampant throb, her eyes flew open to meet his gaze. He smiled and she convulsed against him with one last gasp. She did not call his name this time, but since she had no breath, he thought his work well done. He matched her final thrusts and forgot everything as his universe compressed to just one silver star, and then blasted apart.
The desperate storm finally passed, leaving them adrift. He kissed the soft downcast arc of her long lashes as she lay sprawled across his chest, the curled fingers of her hand tucked against his neck and her unsteady gasps cooling his breast. With his arm encircling her, he traced idle circles over the lines of the qva'avaq on her bare hip.
Although he appreciated the silver map of her pleasure points, he'd already found one curve behind her knee that made her moan and wasn't shining with x-marked-the-spot precision. How many other secrets did her body hold for him? Like the sheerways, it could take a lifetime to unveil every mystery. And he hadn't truly started delving into her heart…
His circling hand stilled.
She sighed one long breath across his skin. "So quiet."
He kissed her crown. "You want explosions?"
"I meant you are quiet. And you already gave me multiple explosions." She angled her face to peer up at him. "Are you worried? You fought off the forces at L-Sept without even a ship at your disposal. This can't be worse."
"Worse?" He coughed out a rough laugh. "My superiors called me a traitor for what happened at Lasa. I refused a direct order—an illegal order in violation of sheerways edicts, human decency, and common sense, but an order nonetheless—and they shot down my ship. If I hadn't fought for the Lasans, they would have terminated me. And then my former superiors would have scorched my corpse when they fired the planet's atmo. So it's not like I had a choice."
She snaked her arm around his chest and squeezed. "That's why your freedom is so important to you, not just for you, but for the Lasans too. Yecho and Icere did well when they chose you to keep the crystal from leaving Qv'arratz…to be our hero." She emphasized the last words.
Though she'd no doubt intended the embrace to be supportive, he tensed when her fingers brushed the scars on his shoulders. "The l'auraly might want everything in the universe to be about thinking and feeling, but that was just about dying." His voice cracked. "When my squadron mates shot down my ship, I was the only one to survive planetfall. The Lasan soldier who pulled me from the wreckage and told me to fight or die was dead by the next morning. Almost everybody else was dead by the morning after that. And when the pacification program was finally deemed a corruption of sheerways edict, dozens of my former fellow officers were executed. It wasn't freedom; it was just…survival."
Despite his stiffness, she held him close. But then, she'd never flinched from his scars. "And now surviving isn't enough anymore."
Tangle it, how did she go to the heart of the matter without hesitation? He'd fought alongside the Lasans because there'd been no other option if he wanted to live; but he'd stayed for the Qv'arratzy, the l'auraly—for Benedetta—because he had to, wanted to, needed to.
Slowly, he wrapped both arms around her, completing the embrace. "No, it's not enough."
They clung to each other a moment, until she whispered, "I wish this were over. Not this," she clarified, hugging him hard. "But this threatened attack that never comes."
"It's hard to live at someone else's mercy, or lack thereof."
"And you walked away from that, didn't you? Or flew away, I suppose, in the Asphodel." She kissed the point of his shoulder where the scarring smoothed. "But it's all I have known. I thought saving Qv'arratz and the universe included saving the l'auraly. But now..."
For once, he hadn't been thinking of her l'auraly fate. But since she'd brought it up, he could think of nothing else. "Princess, I want to buy your key."
She kissed his throat. "No."
"I realize the l'auraly price is usually paid by kings and emperors and self-professed godlings, but I have the Asphodel as collateral and—"
"I said no, Corso."
The refusal went through him like a plasma flare, and his fingers clutched reflexively on her hip. "You offered before."
"And you turned me down."
A dull heat burned in his throat. "You can't have another patron on the line already."
She sighed and sat up, turning away from him as she did to pull the sheet around her—the first time she'd ever covered herself from him. "You know I don't, or I wouldn't be here with you." The swirls of the crystal around her spine shone in his peripheral vision like a distant galaxy. "But the l'auralya who offered that bargain no longer exists."
What was she saying? "You are right here."
She glanced over her shoulder at him, her jewel-toned eyes shadowed. "Yes."
In frustration and desperation, he reminded her, "Qv'arratz owes me for saving you."
"You haven't saved us yet." She held up one hand. "But I don't doubt you will. After all, you are an undefeated soldier, Captain Deynah."
"Captain again?" He almost choked on the words.
"It was you who spoke of payment." She rose with a faint wobble that betrayed some inner weakness and grabbed the gown she had discarded earlier. "But for all that, I think you will not try to collect."
Bitterness swept him. "You know me so well now?"
She nodded. "You fought for your own freedom as you are fighting now for ours, but more than a good soldier, you are a good man. I won't burden you with…with battles that can't be won." Her fingertips traced the inner curve of the torque where the barrier sealant preserved the facets.
So why did those sharp shining fangs feel as if they were gnawing through him?
"You think I am such a good man?" His voice broke on a harsh note. "A mercenary would hold you to what you once proposed, and shred your change of heart."
"It wasn't my heart that changed." She turned away to slip the gown over her head. The fabric skimmed down past her breasts and thighs, veiling the silvery lines where his tongue had roamed. "It's too late. For us, if not Qv'arratz. Goodbye, Captain. You are freed and needn't come back. I'm sure the final outcome will be clear to all of us by tomorrow." 
He jack-knifed to his knees, careless of his nudity, and grabbed her arm to yank her back. "I'm not leaving you."
"You will eventually. You need your stars too much. And I..." With a smooth spin, she twisted out of his grip. "I didn't understand that need, but now I think I finally do."
Some wild, reckless rejection—the same that had welled in him when told to burn through an innocent planet—forced him to his feet. "You're not giving me a chance here."
"No, I didn't give you a choice. There is a difference between the two that you made clear to me. I'm sorry we forced you to come here, but I will never forget our time together. Never. I can't, because I'll never be the same again."
The soft music in her tone—like a song both tender and sorrowful—distracted him, so he was slow to react when she reached up and tugged the torque from around her neck.
Cupped between her silvery hands, the a'lurily crystal glimmered with the icy beauty of Qv'arratz's rings. She sighed and the crystal sighed back at her with a mournfulness that nearly broke his heart.
"Princess..." He took a short step toward her. "What are you doing?"
She edged back and swallowed hard, the pulse leaping in her naked throat. Red lines grooved the sides of her neck; if they survived, she'd be bruised tomorrow where the crystal circlet had resisted letting her go. 
When she shifted her grip on the torque, the blunt finials disappeared, one into each clenched fist. "That is why we brought you here, after all, so we would all be free."
The muscles in her arms bunched.
"Etta, no!" Reaching for the torque, he jumped through the space she'd opened between them. With his cry still echoing, he knocked her one hand loose from the finial. The crystal, skin-warm against his fingertips, chimed a response to his voice.
But she yanked away with a hard snap.
Leaving just half an arc of crystal in his hand.
Benedetta's gasp went through him more sharply than the thousand jagged edges of qva'avaq that sliced into the meat of his palm. 
The sealant had shattered, and the tiny barbs of crystal clung to his skin as he jerked back in a spray of blood. He cursed, more in shock than pain, though the sting reverberated through his nerves. 
The remnant of the torque slipped out of his blood-slicked hand. It spun through the air, shining once even in the darkness.
But gravity was inevitable. The crystal fell, hit the tiles, and in a spray of scintillating light, splintered with a peal of silvery bells.




Chapter Thirteen


The half circle of crystal in Benedetta's hands crumbled to dust. She staggered, stunned—her head strangely light, as if the weight of the crystal around her neck all those years had held her down. She dropped to her knees, and the jagged shards of qva'avaq bit through the fine mesh of her gown.
"Etta!" Corso's hoarse call sounded distant through the roaring in her ears.
The room tilted. Was she falling?
No. Corso lifted her up out of the broken circle of crystal, his arms wrapped around her in a full embrace. His bleeding hand left a dark blur on her pale skin.
"It broke?" Her own voice was fuzzy. She sharpened the note. "Did it truly break?"
"It broke. Benedetta, I'm sorry. I didn't mean—"
"I wasn't sure I could do it." She straightened unsteadily. "The crystals don't break."
He swore again as he deposited her on the bed they'd so recently enjoyed. "Why did you take it off? Why did you want to break it?" He knelt beside her and snapped open a lume stick, defying his own blackout order. "Let me see your knees."
"It's nothing."
He lifted back the hem of her gown and brushed gently at the shards of crystal speckling her skin. He winced as the sharp facets shredded his fingertips—silver shining through his blood—but he did not stop. "Benedetta..."
"I don't feel it. Not at all." Maybe she'd never feel anything again. Perhaps that was the price of shattering the qva'avaq bond. She blinked hard against the chemical glow of the light stick that left halos in her teary vision.
But the bond could never have been completed because she would not allow Corso Deynah to be compelled through crystal or tears or the looming threat of death.
It should be by his choice alone. As she'd made hers.
"Etta?" He gave her a light shake. "Talk to me. Is the crystal connected to you? Will breaking it like this hurt you?"
"I don't know."
"How can you not know?" His voice rose. "How could you break it without knowing?"
"No one's ever broken one before."
He raked one hand over his hair, leaving more bloody streaks and a few sparkling shards of crystal across his forehead. "I need to get you up to the Asphodel. Jorr can do a full scan."
"It doesn't matter now, Corso. There's nothing you can do." She pushed herself to her feet.
"Princess—" He dropped to his knees in front of her.
For a confused moment, she stared down at him. Then the roar reached her ears and a flash of hellish red outlined the door and windows. Her knees had been shaking so badly, she hadn't even felt the detonation that knocked the captain off his feet.
Corso was yelling—not at her, she realized, but at his distant crew—his hand cupped over his ear comm. "It's not the mortar drop. Wrong blast size. There's a ship up there, playing with us. Find it. I want the Asphodel in position before they contact the planet. We need negotiating space."
Benedetta struggled to focus, but all her crystal lines seemed vague and strange, like the icy dust of the planetary rings drifting outward. The qva'avaq had never felt so far away. She edged toward the door and put her hand out.
Behind her, Corso was still talking.
"Injuries unknown. First strike was aimed at the temple, but there aren't enough l'auraly here to be the target. The raiders are eliminating infrastructure, not people. Probably trying to wipe out any alternate sources of the crystal."
Benedetta laughed, a hollow sound in her ringing ears. "I got a start on that tonight, didn't I?"
Corso looked up and met her stare. "Etta, do not go out there."
She'd already begun the destruction. What could be worse? She swung open the door.
The main temple building was ablaze, the Hall of Mute Crystals a jumble of broken sticks. She couldn't tell which had taken the brunt of the strike, but flaming debris had scattered all around.
Once, a brazier had tipped over, setting a curtain afire. Yecho had rung the temple bells and the villagers had come at a run to fight the fire. The temple bells were melting now, and no one was coming.
Well, not entirely true. Corso charged out the door behind her, pulling her under his arm as if the width of his shoulders could keep all harm away.
But truly, though she had done the breaking, he had caused the pain, and somehow, the crack of the crystal had freed them both. She shrugged away from him and bolted across the temple grounds. 
She knew he followed but at least he didn't try to stop her. Instead, he pointed across the yard. "Yecho and the girls were in there."
Side by side, they raced toward the smoldering building. She fought the sense of having lived this before, but she and Corso worked in perfect harmony to wrench open the door, swing through the smoky interior, and retrieve the disoriented old man and the terrified girls. 
As they exited, Icere pelted across the yard toward them, his tablet clutched to his chest. "I saw the targeting signal and almost had a fix to hijack their code, but I couldn't deflect." Anguish deepened his voice, and Benedetta mourned the adulthood coming too fast tonight.
"We can't go back into the temple grounds," Corso was saying into his comm thread with the Asphodel. "Obviously they have the area targeted and locked. Can't head to the village either; same reason. Too obvious to launch the pod under these conditions." He tilted his head as he listened to the response from his crew. "Then that's the best we can do. Keep working on it. We'll stay low."
He glanced over at Benedetta. "We need a place—"
"L'auralya," Yecho said sharply. "Where is your key?"
She touched her neck, as if she'd forgotten. "Gone. Destroyed."
Icere gasped. "In the bombing?"
"I did it," Corso said harshly. "And the rest of us are doomed to the same fate if we don't get moving."
All the l'auraly, even Benedetta herself, started at him with mouths agape.
"He didn't do it," Benedetta corrected. "I did." 
But no one was listening to her. Icere sputtered. "Why—why would you do that? How did you do that? The crystalline structure is nearly indestructible."
"Not to me apparently," Corso growled. He sounded so harsh, so hateful, Torash and Alolis started to cry in harmony. But Benedetta heard the pain tightening his voice as he took the blame. But why would he feel badly when all along he'd spoken plainly about what he saw as slavery? 
She shook off her confusion. "The captain is correct. We need to find a safe haven to wait this out while the Asphodel targets the attackers."
Icere straightened. "How can you still believe in them—in him—after what he has done?"
"Because we have no choice," she said simply.
Corso paled, and she realized if she'd wanted to hurt him, she couldn't have found a better way than with her distracted words. The captain, who valued his freedom above all else, who had rejected all she stood for, thought he'd taken her choice from her.
Couldn't he understand she was giving them a chance?
She wanted to shatter all her ingrained grace and decorum and demand that he see past the silver in her skin…except her thoughts suddenly whirled.
Perhaps the captain thought her fate had always been in others' hands, but she'd been taught that her own touch still had power, a power reflected in the ritualized gestures of the l'auraly. So she'd been taught by…
She turned slowly to Yecho. "Where is Rislla?"
He shook his head. "I haven't seen her since… I can't remember now." He frowned.
Icere gripped the tablet to his chest. "She followed me after we talked at the clearing. I wanted to ask her again about undergoing the key ceremony early, and she told me it was over, that I'd never have my key. She just walked away, and that's when I went to the Hall of Mute Crystals. I didn't see anyone again until you and the captain earlier tonight."
Corso clenched his fist. "Doesn't sound like she had too much faith in our victory."
Benedetta nodded, her body tightening in matching outrage. "Because she thought she already knew the outcome. Why didn't I see it?"
"Didn't see what?" Icere's plaintive voice tried to cut between them. "What are you talking about?"
But Corso, of course, knew what she meant and touched her arm. "Why would you have known? She's one of you."
Yecho shook his head slowly. "Not quite."
The l'auraly stared at him in shock. Benedetta shook off Corso's comforting hand. "What do you mean?"
"She never left Qv'arratz to be with her a'lurilyo." 
Icere frowned. "But why? Once Rislla was keyed, she should have stayed with him forever." He blushed a little. "Well, forever until her a'lurilyo died."
Yecho glanced at Benedetta, encompassing Corso with the look. "Rarely—so rarely there haven't even been legends—a keying fails. Perhaps a flaw in the crystal matrix that prevents true resonance. In the last century, we've worried that as the rock vein thins, more of the crystals will be flawed."
Icere pursed his lips. "That explains why the survival rate has declined over time. The quality of the crystals has declined too."
Yecho bowed his head. "We think that could be so."
Corso swore. "And still you exposed your children?"
"It's who we are," Yecho protested. "It's all we have."
Benedetta shook her head slowly. "And that is gone. Or will be soon. Except now we have to prevent the infection of the universe." She paused. "Rislla sent them the location of the qva'avaq mine. That's where she is. That's where she went to send her message."
Corso swore. "They are keeping us pinned down and occupied while they move in and take the crystals."
Benedetta looked at Icere. "I need your tablet for a moment."
He handed the device to her. "What are you doing? I'm almost done with the program that will hijack the raiders' launch codes."
"This will only take a moment." She tapped the screen. "I'm sending the vein coordinates to the Asphodel."
Yecho and Icere protested, their voices tumbling past each other in agitation.
"It's over," Benedetta said. "Not just for me, for all of us, if the crystals are used as weapons." She took a breath. "And it might be over anyway." She gave Icere a steady look. "You and the girls were the only acolytes to survive initial crystal exposure. Since you know the statistics on keying so well, tell me, which of you will survive the keying ritual?"
"Maybe all of us." He hesitated. "Although more likely just two of us."
"And Torash and Alolis are bound by a triplicate crystal. If one of them dies, the remaining l'auraly crystal and the a'lurily crystal will both be muted. Dead. Or would you rather it were you to suffer that fate? And will it matter, in the end, with none coming up behind us? The qva'avaq legend is dying. Whether we die too is all that remains to be seen."
Corso looked at her steadily, but she could not read his expression. Were her sensitive l'auraly gifts fading with the loss of the key? Or did she just not care to know what he was thinking about their future chances? 
He cocked his head, obviously listening to his comm link. "The Asphodel is in position over the coordinates you set. They have a second ship in sensor range, running dark and anonymous. The Asphodel can stay hidden in the dust rings for now, but they'll have to come out to engage." He kept his gaze trained on her. "According to the coordinates you sent, the mine is close to here. It's possible we can get to the crystal before them."
Immediately, Yecho and Icere clamored to go. Benedetta didn't look away from Corso's unwavering stare.
Despite her unwillingness to read him, she did know exactly what he was thinking, what he was offering. He would do anything, risk everything, including his beloved ship, to keep the crystal—the source of the entrapment he had despised—from falling into the wrong hands.
Her heart ached at the unspoken pain in his dark eyes. But she did not want to bind him with guilt anymore than qva'avaq. The deaths at L-Sept had sent him running for the stars; she would not lure him back with the false promise of a life in crystal chains.
The hint of possible resolution had energized Yecho and Icere. Though Corso suggested leaving the girls behind, there was no place they were guaranteed safety. So all together the group sped for the crystal mine.
Yecho huffed along in the back, keeping up despite his age. When Corso suggested he return to the temple, Yecho shook his head. "Rislla and I were acolytes together. There was nothing I could do to prevent the failure of her key, but I can stop her from making this terrible mistake."
A mistake made of her own free will, Benedetta mused. She wondered what Corso would say about that sort of freedom.
Although she hadn't known him long, she knew him well enough to guess; mistakes—even terrible ones—were the price of freedom. 
Somehow, he had infected her as thoroughly as the crystal.
Except now she'd thrown away the qva'avaq bond. And maybe lost the captain along with her key.




Chapter Fourteen


Corso followed the coordinates toward the crystal vein, with the last l'auraly trailing behind him. He cursed himself, the l'auraly, the crystals, and other significant chunks of the universe, including the anonymous ship above.
And his princess.
The way she'd looked at him, devastated, the light gone from her citrine eyes. From the very first, she'd been willing to fight. Fight for her planet, fight the invaders, fight him. Even draped in that shredded crystal, with the marks of her bondage hardwired in her skin, she'd forged onward.
Until he'd broken the crystal. Broken her.
Yes, her hand had been on the other end of the torque when it shattered, but he'd been the one to drive her to that point.
And now he was charging through the dark, ostensibly to prevent the crystal compulsion of the universe, and he knew he would burn worlds, tangle the sheerways, enslave the stars themselves just to make her smile again.
The universe should be very, very thankful he hadn't any such power.
In fact, he had only an old man, a boy, and two young girls, plus a distant hidden ship to set this world to rights. 
The pulse hazer at his thigh was feeling very inadequate.
When they reached the location marked on his scanner, he paused in the shadow of the looming cliff face. Against the lush jungle greenery, the dark rock wall seemed out of place and shockingly bare. 
"No sign the attackers have landed," he muttered. "The rough ground will force them to take a shuttle down and land at a distance."
The first pale light of dawn was just brightening the sky over the cliffs, which would make it easier to spot an incoming ship. And easier for any ship to spot them. In the soft light, the opening of the mine was a shadowed arch in the wall of stone. Around the opening, traceries of silvery crystal glimmered.
Yecho sketched an arc in the air. "The inscription around the doorway reads: From the stone, we take our passion. To the stars, we give our light."
Once, Corso would have scoffed, but he didn't have it in him now. Instead, he slanted a glance at Benedetta.
She was already striding forward although she held up a detaining hand to Icere. "Stay with the girls." When he started to protest, she gave him one hard glare. "Keep watch for the other ship."
The youth scowled. "How am I supposed to tell anyone?"
Corso unwound the comm link from behind his ear. He tossed it to the boy. "Find a hiding spot close by. Signal the Asphodel on that if you see anything. And Benedetta has your tablet. Send one burst. Then get yourself and the girls far away."
Benedetta had almost disappeared into the dark recesses of the mine, Yecho on her heels.
Corso looked at Icere once more. "Whatever you've been taught, I'll tell you this: You aren't only what you were born to be. You are what you choose to become. This is your chance to be a hero."
Icere stared at him. "And what have you chosen?"
"Still working on it." Corso plunged into the darkness.
They had brought lume sticks, but Corso was surprised to find, once inside, Benedetta's stick alone was enough to light the way. Though the qva'avaq seams here ran too thin to extract crystal sets with matched l'auraly and a'lurily components, the glimmering traceries wound all through the corridors, which more resembled finished hallways than a working mine.
"Rislla will be in the core," Yecho said. "That's the only place where she would be able to get a signal out."
As they raced down the corridor, the crystal seams thickened and Benedetta's lume stick seemed to race ahead of them like pale flame, jumping from facet to glittering facet as they advanced.
Only a minute into their run, the corridor abruptly narrowed again, pressing them close as they slowed to a walk to avoid the sharp points of the crystals.
Yecho touched Corso's shoulder. "You won't kill Rislla if you don't have to, yes? She could have been the most powerful l'auralya of our generation. She was to be gifted to an admiral who conquered entire star systems in his youth. She might have become anything."
"A traitor, apparently," Corso said.
"That was because of the flawed key."
"Was it? Or was the flaw in her?"
Yecho stared down at his twisting hands. "I suppose it doesn't matter. There are no more keyed l'auraly. Benedetta was the last, and now..."
Corso scowled. He hated how they spoke of her as if she were already dead.
As abruptly as it had narrowed, the corridor suddenly expanded in all directions, up and sideways. And down.
Corso swallowed at the sudden drop off beyond the toes of his boots. All of outer space was one thing, but this open cavern made his stomach roil uneasily.
The chamber was roughly spherical, though angled with the long-lost facets of the crystals that had been collected. The geological activity had been volcanic, he guessed, a bubble of magma about the size of the Asphodel, pulling whatever strange, melted elements had been in Qv'arratz's mantle and percolating with waterborne minerals over eons to create the resonating crystals. 
All that remained now, though, was the hollowed-out sphere. Streaks of crystal still shone from the walls, but large patches of bare, dull rock riddled the surface. At its peak, the mine must have been amazing. No wonder a near-religious devotion had been built around it.
And just as clearly, it was coming to an end.
From their entry point, a narrow path had been carved into the rock, spiraling down toward the uneven floor of the chamber. Benedetta was already well along the path, and Yecho and Corso hastened to catch up.
When they reached the floor, Corso realized how truly large the chamber was. What had looked more or less even was actually a maze where the crystal had been mined, leaving only waste rock and slivers of qva'avaq too small for recovery. In some places, the rock could be scrambled over. Elsewhere, the remaining columns towered over their heads.
Corso grabbed Benedetta's arm and dragged her to a halt. "Don't get too far ahead."
She set her jaw but nodded and fell back parallel with him although their steps were out of sync.
Why did he even notice that?
Resolutely, he pushed onward. "Thank you for trusting me with the coordinates."
She stared ahead too. "As I said, we had no choice."
"You always have a choice. Especially now."
She slanted him a glance as hard and dark as the waste rock around them. 
"You aren't locked into anything anymore," he said. "You can be…whatever you want."
"You are the one who was afraid of being locked in," she reminded him. "And now you're free. Just as you wanted."
His jaw worked on words he couldn't quite say. "That isn't what I wanted. At least, not like this."
She took a breath to answer, but he grabbed her arm and hauled her back against his chest. He showed her the image on his scanner. "Just around the corner. The crystal blocks most transmissions, but this signal is going straight up through the rock."
"A good spot for her to hide," she murmured.
"Not anymore."
"Let me go first," Yecho implored. "Maybe I can talk to her, have her send them away."
Corso lifted his eyebrows, but Benedetta said softly. "If he can convince Rislla to distract them, at least, the Asphodel will have a better chance."
The uneven rocks left them a partially obstructed view, and Corso wasn't happy with the way the haphazard footing would slow him down, but he nodded once. Yecho stepped around the rock, taking the lume stick with him. Corso and Benedetta concealed themselves in the shadows he left behind. 
Rislla sat on an outcropping of stone, the transmitter on another shelf beside her. Whatever message she'd sent, she was obviously finished and impatient to get on to the next step. She tapped one foot against the ragged remains of a crystal seam beneath her but stood with alacrity when Yecho appeared.
She scowled. "What are you doing here, old man? Go away."
He shook his head. "Who are you waiting for, l'auralya?
Her scowl deepened at the honorific. "In a way, I suppose I am waiting for my key. Do you remember Augheld?"
"The admiral you were keyed for? Was that his name?"
"I never forgot him." For a heartbeat, her gaze drifted, softened with might-have-beens. "When the keying ceremony failed, he said he would have kept me anyway. The life I would have known with such a man..." The hard shine quickly returned to her eyes. "But Qv'arratz wouldn't be shamed by a flawed l'auralya. They refused to let me off world."
"I'm sorry we never talked about it."
"Why would we have? You'd already been given to the commissioner. And when you returned after his death all those years later, what remained to be said?what wa" She turned slightly to stare up at the nearest node of qva'avaq. The aggregate wasn't much larger than her hand, the crystals jutting out like a bouquet of flowers. Or teeth. "I used to come here and sing to them. I called out my note until my throat bled. Nothing ever answered." She glanced at the transmitter. "So many years gone… Not until that first bomb knocked me out of my complacency did I realize it was long past time to make my own way."
"So you sold us." His tone was gentle but chiding.
She shrugged. "No one has ever had a problem with selling us, including ourselves. This time, I wanted my cut."
"You know what they will do with this technology. They'll have a weapon to enslave anyone they want."
She shrugged. "They can't enslave us. The keys to our crystals are long dead."
His studious equanimity seemed to waver. "Rislla, why?"
"You know what one l'auraly was worth. Imagine how much they'll pay for an entire universe of slaves."
"This is wrong," he whispered. "You are wrong."
"But I'll be free at last."
Yecho straightened. "No. You will stop this, Rislla." He strode toward her, the bold grace of his l'auralyo training still obvious in his withered frame. "Contact them now and tell them the deal is off."
She laughed. "But it's not."
He took another step forward.
From the artful folds of her robe, Rislla drew a gun. "No farther, old man. I will have the life denied me. Far too late, but it will be mine."
"It's not yours to take," he told her and reached for the transmitter.
From behind Corso, Benedetta darted forward, her bare feet flying over the rough ground. "Rislla, no."
Rislla's furious glare never wavered as she shot the old l'auralyo.
His robes ruffled a little, but other than that he seemed unharmed. Until crimson bloomed above his heart. The circle was almost decorative until it began to run in fatal rivulets down his chest. 
Then it was just a bloody mess.
Benedetta, already in motion, caught him before he hit the jagged rocks. 
Rislla tracked her with the gun.
Corso stepped out of the shadows, hazer sighted between the old woman's eyes. "Drop it."
She looked at him in the speculative way Benedetta had used in the beginning, l'auraly skills judging him. She dropped the pistol. "It's too late."
Corso risked a glance at Yecho. "It is." In every way that mattered.
For a moment, her lips trembled. "He shouldn't have tried to stop me."
"Yes, he should have."
She tightened her mouth into a strict line. "How can you, of all people, not understand what I went through? I would have been companion to an admiral. Not just a captain, but a ruler of galaxies."
"I'm sorry for you." And he was, in every way that mattered. With a short, sharp kick, he booted her dropped pistol out of reach. "But do you really think the Union raiders will pay you when they can take it for free?"
"Why do you think I brought the gun?" Rislla narrowed her eyes at him. "But we should work together since you do have the more powerful weapon. You're a mercenary, Captain Deynah. Certainly you can see the opportunity here. Back to the shadows you go, while I wait. When my contact comes, you can make sure he complies with the terms of our agreement." Her gaze flicked over Benedetta. "Should he be reluctant, we can sweeten the deal with the last l'auralya. Since you didn't want her."
Corso felt the weight of Benedetta's gaze boring a hole through his back. "Interesting plan. So what's my cut?"
Rislla pursed her lips. "Enough credits to make you admiral of your own galaxy. And I'll give you unmatched crystals that will provide immunity to the weaponized form. That could be a lucrative sideline for you—peddling freedom from the qva'avaq to those who can pay—and very much in line with your character." She stared past him. "I know where all the unmatched crystals are in here. When they chime, nothing answers."
Corso swallowed. "I'll be here when they come."
Rislla nodded. "Meanwhile, get Yecho out of here. No sense bringing up more questions than we need to answer."
With Benedetta hovering behind him, Corso pulled Yecho out of view. 
The old man's eyes fluttered and he stared up. His eyes shone with the same ghostly glow as the dead crystals back at the temple. "Sennis?"
Benedetta touched Corso's shoulder. "That was his a'lurilyo."
One hard rock being very much like another, Corso lowered the old man to the ground out of sight of Rislla.
"Sennis?" Yecho plucked weakly at the robe pooled around him. "Where did he go?"
Benedetta sank to the floor beside him. "He stepped away for a moment, Yecho. You'll be with him again soon."
His eyes drifted closed then widened again. "Benedetta? I have to go."
"I know," she murmured.
"Sennis always wanted to take a ship somewhere far away, but since he was a sheerways commissioner, we just watched from the station while the ships threaded into the dark. Maybe one day..." He took another breath as if to continue, but the sigh that came out instead held no words, merely the last of his life.
Benedetta let him slide off her lap. "I hope you're together again," she murmured. "If that is what you wanted."
Just as she bowed her head, the tablet she'd taken from Icere gave one static burst. The tiny shards of discarded crystal chimed discordantly.
The raiders were coming.
Corso shifted. "You know I didn't agree to Rislla's offer."
She nodded. "I heard what you said. Or didn't say. She would have too if she weren't so lost in her own greed and resentment."
"Then it's a good thing she's lost." He reached out to touch her cheek but stopped at the sight of the old man's blood streaking his fingers. "Princess..."
She shook him off. "Don't."
His jaw ached. "Don't what?"
She walked away from him, back into danger. She'd face the murderess and the Union slavers rather than him.
He followed her and arranged himself to one side of Rislla, out of immediate sight from the direction the raiders would enter. 
Rislla glanced at him. "Are you going to shoot me and them and take the whole thing for yourself?"
"You hired me because you knew I wouldn't."
She grimaced. "I didn't want to bring you at all. But contacting you did give me the idea to contact the Union directly."
He stared at her hard. "Anyone else you'd like to blame for your crimes?"
Rislla considered. "No. I think I'm done."
He was going to make sure of that.




Chapter Fifteen


Benedetta listened to the exchange as she stared down at her tunic. Yecho's blood had left swirls not so different from her crystal markings.
Or maybe the opposite was more apropos: The crystals left marks like the last flow of life's blood.
With the threat to his ship, she had tricked Corso into coming. With the temptation of the a'lurily key, she had tried to trap him into staying. She had lost everything, and now she feared all Qv'arratz's flaws—as terrible as flawed crystal—were about to be inflicted on the universe.
The tablet in her pocket chirped again and then again; Icere warning them of more attackers. There was no way she and Corso were getting out of this alive.
Even as her heart sank, the thunder of many boots echoed in the chamber. The first Union raiders appeared in the opening above. They didn't hesitate, but began their descent. Rislla must have sent them schematics of the mine.
The blue-coated man in the lead was issuing orders and pointing toward the largest remaining nodes of qva'avaq. The crystal facets reflected his dissonant shouts, a perversion of the wicked intent.
Before the first group of a dozen had reached the chamber floor, another half dozen soldiers arrayed themselves along the upper reaches of the carved path, carbines held at the ready.
The blue-coated man appeared from the maze of broken rock. His attention flicked past Benedetta without interest and settled on Rislla. "I see the coordinates you sent are accurate. Do you have the extraction and processing techniques?"
He was not unhandsome, with the steady gaze and concise movements Benedetta associated with military men. But his pale eyes were cold, and the cruel bracket of lines beside his mouth had never been cracked by a true smile. 
Benedetta suppressed a shiver. He was what Corso might have been.
With placid composure, Rislla folded her gnarled knuckles into a l'auraly gesture of rudeness. Benedetta wondered why the woman bothered when no one would ever read those gestures again. "You are Gallt? Yes, here is the sacred l'auraly crystal, as I promised. Soon to be the Universalist Union's ticket to universal domination. May it bring you much pleasure. You do have my payment, I hope."
"I do." He gestured at the soldier beside him, who lifted the matte bore of his carbine.
The roar of a blast in the hard-edged confines of the mine made Benedetta cry out.
From the depths of the chamber, another crystal answered her. 
Her heart slammed into her throat, cutting off all noise. Somewhere here was another key to her crystal!
But she couldn't move because in front of her, the soldier—not Rislla—stumbled back and fell.
Corso had already shifted the sights to Gallt as he edged around the rocks. "Care to adjust the price? I warn you, I once destroyed a planet completely by accident; I can easily put a plasma slug between your eyes with my death spasm."
The sound of more than a dozen carbines powering up whined in the chamber, dampening Benedetta's surge of shock. Since they'd all expected the first shot to be theirs, none were prepared for Corso to target their leader's henchman. But if she started running, looking for the crystal that had resonated with her cry, they'd shoot her in a heartbeat.
And by the shining stones of Qv'arratz, she'd want them to shoot! Was she so weak and fearful of an uncharted future that she would willingly enslave herself again—enslave Corso—after she had barely tasted freedom? 
And still her fists clenched reflexively at her bare throat where the torque had hung.
Gallt, staring down Corso's hazer, pursed his lips and gestured at the next soldier in line who reached very slowly into his pocket and brought out a tablet. He clicked several times then nodded at Gallt.
"The credits are in your account now." Gallt smiled wryly at Rislla. "You might want to add a kill bonus for your triggerman there."
Benedetta looked at Corso's cold, hard face. She knew this was what he had to do now, to keep them alive, just as she'd done things, hoping to keep Qv'arratz alive. They were all drifting on their fated courses. Just as she felt drawn to find the keyed crystal that had answered hers.
Except even if she had a second key, Corso hadn't wanted the first one. He didn't want a l'auralya. A pleasure slave was no match for a sheership warrior.
No one in the tense group looked at her. They must all assume she was with Rislla, confirming the transfer of credits. Rislla and Gallt had moved closer together as Rislla gestured toward the nearest crystals.
With the slowed thud of her heartbeat a funeral drone in her veins, Benedetta withdrew the tablet from her pocket. Corso had told her she could be and do whatever she wanted. And she hadn't believed him. She did now. Now, when it was almost too late. But this had to stop here, now, forever.
She edged toward Corso, who hadn't lowered his weapon. Neither had their opponents.
"I have an uplink to the Asphodel," she murmured. "Call in the attack."
He never shifted his gaze from Gallt, still in his sights, but his whole body tensed. She knew what she was asking, knew there was no way for him to issue commands as he liked to do. If there were this many Union shuttles and soldiers on the ground, how many ships were above? When the Asphodel emerged from her hiding spot in the Qv'arratzy rings, what would she face without Corso in her captain's chair?
But they knew what the universe would face if they did nothing.
His gaze angled just the slightest toward her, and in the stark, dark glimmer she saw that he knew they wouldn't survive, that no crystals must leave the chamber. "Light the stones is the code. Key it in twice."
She gave him a wry smile, her heart breaking. "You have hidden depths."
"Not hidden from you. You have all of me, including my ship."
Her smile faltered as she thought of the unmatched key crystal, miraculously resonant to her, somewhere in the rocks around them. She could still have him, as a l'auralya had her a'lurilyo—two bodies, two souls, two songs aligned. 
With icy fingers slowed by regret, she clicked his code words. As she did, she opened the sideline transmission program Icere had been working on when the Union raider triggered the mine drop the last time. The coordinates of the qva'avaq mine that she'd sent to the Asphodel were still highlighted in the tablet's memory, so the copy and paste was quick.
She hesitated one heartbeat, her fingertip hovering over the launch command. Somewhere above, she knew the Asphodel was attacking. The Union raider ship would fire with everything it had, thinking it was aiming at the Asphodel… She triggered Icere's hijack code and looked at Corso. "What is the ultimate freedom, Captain?"
His gaze fixed on her and his eyes widened. "Death."
Beyond them, Gallt laughed, an ugly sound, and from the spiraling path up the wall, pulse carbines whined, prelude to a firing…
Until the chamber exploded in light and sound.




Chapter Sixteen


Reflexively, Corso grabbed for Benedetta to shield her from jagged chunks of stone tumbling from the ceilings. He had to drop the hazer to do so—not that it mattered. As the chamber rocked like a ship entangled between the sheerways, all the raiders struggled to stay upright. A few didn't have the chance.
Benedetta gasped and ducked her head into his chest to avoid the sight of Rislla's blind staring eyes. The faceted crystal that had cut through her chest was as big as anything still remaining in the chamber and edged like a hundred daggers.
Corso's ears rang with the concussion but Benedetta's explanation came through loud and clear. "Every time the Union ship fires, Icere's hijack code will redirect the bombardment here." She lifted her gaze to his, her gemstone-bright gaze softened, begging for his understanding. "The crystal can't get out."
"The crystal can't get out," he agreed. "But we can."
He hauled her to her feet just as the second concussion hit. Falling crystals crushed the muzzle of his hazer, but he was prepared for the writhing earth this time and didn't fall. He pulled Benedetta past the first line of confused soldiers clutching at the unsteady rocks.
But as they started back through the maze of mined stone, Gallt loomed in front of them. He'd taken a carbine from one of the other soldiers and his eyes were ringed in stark white.
"What are you doing?" His shriek echoed back, distorted in the disintegrating crystals. "I paid for this."
Corso's hands flexed in helpless desire for a weapon. "You are definitely paying now."
"And you never bought us," Benedetta added.
Gallt sneered. The black hole of the carbine muzzle wavered between Corso and Benedetta, as if the Union commander couldn't decide whom he'd rather shoot first.
Corso swallowed hard as Benedetta tightened her grip on him, half hidden behind his bulk. He would die happy in her arms. 
The mine rattled again and again and again as the inner layer of rock and crystal tried to tear away in slow motion like a l'auralya shedding her veil.
Gallt glanced up in consternation, just the briefest of distractions, but from her shelter behind Corso, Benedetta slung her tablet at the commander's head. Gallt ducked, and the threatening mouth of the carbine swung wide.
Corso jolted forward and kicked the weapon away. With a vicious oath, Gallt launched a blow that caught Corso on his shoulder. The heavy strike would have rattled a smaller man, but Corso scarcely felt it through the scars and his rage.
He snarled at the other man. "You wanted to control the universe?"
"Just the important parts," Gallt spat back. "Nothing you could aspire to."
They grappled, and Benedetta cried a warning as they edged closer to a deeply excavated pit. They swayed on the verge, locked in combat. From the corner of Corso's eye, the jagged rubble in the pit looked liked gnashing teeth.
But his focus was on the Union commander in his grip. "Who sent you here? You aren't smart enough to have engineered the enslavement of the universe."
"Many want control of the sheerways," Gallt rasped. "But it would have been mine to give. For a price." His eyes—slightly bulging, as Corso's grip was on his neck—narrowed. "You can't run forever."
The tablet Benedetta had thrown at Gallt beeped a warning; the Union ship had launched another round.
Corso gave the other man a hard smile. "I'm not running. Not anymore." He opened his hands. 
Startled, the Union commander took a step backward.
The chamber shuddered again under the bombardment from above. Unbalanced, Gallt fell backward with a scream that echoed nowhere in the last hall of dead crystal.
Benedetta grabbed Corso's hand. "Come on."
"Etta, it's too late—"
"Anything we want. Anywhere we want. That's what you told me."
He grinned at her. "Did I say that? And you believed me?"
Hand in hand, they raced for the exit through the dust that billowed through the air. With each moment, the chamber threatened to fall in on itself. Three soldiers with more determination than brains tried to stop them. After Corso dealt with them, they had less brains yet.
The carved path spiraling along the wall was disintegrating as they climbed. Chunks of the chamber crashed down to the floor far below, a warning of their fate should they take one wrong step. Nearly at the top, the path had sheered away to bare vertical rock, providing a sickening glimpse of the shattered stone and broken bodies below. 
Without breaking stride, Corso took Benedetta in his arms and tossed her across the gap before narrowly making the leap himself. His boots slammed down, and the stone crumbled under his heels.
For a frozen heartbeat, he flailed, tilting backward toward certain death.
She grabbed his hand with irresistible strength and hauled him toward her. "Where do you think you're going?"
He paused long enough to kiss her. "Wherever you are."
They gained the upper landing of the path. They had not even a second to catch their breath when the chamber behind them detonated in a red flash as the raider sheership's misdirected plasma charges finally penetrated from the surface. The energy refracted through the ruined qva'avaq, and the crystal sang out in a thousand tones.
Benedetta hesitated, her anguished gaze sweeping back.
He might not have the l'auraly sensitivity, but Corso knew what was in her head. "It's ending. What you knew is over. But we're not."
They fled through the outer corridor ahead of the billowing of rock smoke and twinkling crystal dust as the mine chamber collapsed, and the melted qva'avaq was broken and silenced forever.
Coughing and gasping, they burst from the mouth of the mine. Above them, the cliff face was crumbling backward into the caved-in chamber, sending up one last silver cloud that turned to rainbows as the floating flecks of crystal caught the rising sun.
High above that glittering cloud, one more explosion bloomed. Crimson as blood, the fireball burned through the morning sky before rapidly darkening to a cinder-gray smear of smoke and atmospheric debris.
She raised her fingers to her lips as if she wanted to hold back the fearful words. "The Asphodel?"
His heart thudded hard; he'd given his comm link to Icere and Benedetta's tablet was crushed behind them. At the moment, he was captain of nothing.
The roar of a ship rising from behind the crumbled cliff swung them around. Was it one of the raider ships? 
In the devastated landscape, there was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. 
Corso clutched Benedetta under his arm. "Qv'auro lo, princess."
She spun within the circle of his embrace to face him. Her wide citrine gaze locked on him. "What did you say?"
He said it again, although she kissed him before he could quite finish.
He'd never be finished with her. He crushed her to him, his palms flattened against her bare spine. 
"Corso..." She pulled back, leaning into his hands. "The ship."
He followed the curve of her body, his gaze tracing the curve of her smile. His dreams that had once been filled only with the darkness of space would always be lit now. "Whatever with the ship."
 "It's the Asphodel. Look, she's scarred, but here."
"I'm the captain. She'll wait for us." He kissed her, hard, while winds from the engine blew all around them. 
When he lifted his head, Benedetta laughed, her delight as bright as the glimmering crystal stirred in the air. Under his fingers, her crystal lines thrummed her pleasure.
And his hands sang in answer.
Benedetta's eyes widened. "Corso." She pushed him away with a grip on his wrists and turned his palms up. Traceries, even thinner than the lifelines, laced his skin in silver.
"When the torque shattered, it cut you," she said. "I remember the blood on your hands when you picked the shards out of my knees. The qva'avaq must have entered your bloodstream, just as it does during a l'auraly keying ceremony."
He fisted his hands and then splayed them again. The crystal glinted back at him. "I've been keyed? To you?" 
She glanced at him uncertainly. "You have to believe me, I've never heard of this. I didn't know this could happen."
He studied his silver-laced palms another moment, then slowly closed his hand around hers and met her stricken gaze. "I didn't know this could happen either." He pulled her back into his arms. "You are mine, princess. But just as surely, I am yours."
And he kissed her again—locking breath to breath and heart to heart—letting all the stars and all the worlds between fall around them.




Epilogue


Benedetta curled against Corso's chest as they sprawled in late-night abandon. Although any time was late night in space, and they had been testing the outer limits of desire since they'd threaded into the sheerways after leaving Qv'arratz. 
She trailed her fingers down his sweat-slicked chest toward his still-hard erection. He caught her hand with a groan and brought her palm to his lips for a kiss. She twisted in his grasp to echo the gesture, flicking her tongue along the faint silvery lines. His pleasure echoed in her crystal markings and she sighed.
He groaned again. "You had years to learn to control this. Give me at least a few nights."
"We have many nights." She blew a breath across the remnants of the key embedded in his skin.
In one strong motion, he rolled her over. He centered himself at her delta. "Never mind. I'm ready for my next lesson."
There was actually a few more lessons before they both surrendered to exhaustion.
He kept his arm locked around her as they settled. "Did you have a chance to talk to the contacts for our next potential jobs?"
She nodded. "Two sounded good, eager to know this Captain Deynah Corso of the Asphodel who is stopped by nothing. The third stuttered when he spoke of payment and could not meet my eyes despite numerous visual cues; he was obviously thinking to cheat you."
"Doesn't he know the latest addition to my crew is practically a mind reader? How dare he?"
"He won't dare again."
Corso chuckled, and the amusement bounced between them, resonating partly in the crystal but also in their new shared purpose.
Benedetta sighed as she tucked herself into the crook of his scarred shoulder. "I wish we'd been able to capture a raider alive. I would have liked to try my l'auraly tricks on one of them."
"Finding out who was behind the plot would be easier with a confession," Corso agreed, "but Icere is doing what he can to piece together clues from the very small remnants."
She peered up at him. "I almost forgot to tell you; Icere also decoded the last transmission Gallt sent to Rislla. It's blood money, and the Universalist Union can never trace it back since the operation wouldn't have been officially acknowledged. I had him transfer most to the Qv'arratz coffers. But you finally have your payment, as promised. We would not want the legend of the last l'auraly tarnished with accusations of oath breaking."
"Definitely not, when you have promised yourself to me." Corso squeezed her. "It will be hard for Qv'arratz to rebuild on their own sweat and blood without the crystal. I hope they make the most of it. As for my payment..." His grip tightened another unyielding notch and he pressed his lips into her tumbled dark braids. "I will make the most of mine. But you are a felon, my mercenary princess, for you have stolen my heart from the stars."
She raised herself on one elbow to trace the curve of his lip with a silvery fingertip. "Then kiss me, captain of my pleasure, and I will take you there again."




Thank You!

Thank you so much for reading…for being a reader! If you enjoyed HOTTER ON THE EDGE, we would appreciate it if you would help others enjoy this book, too.

Lend it. This e-book is lending-enabled, so please, share it with a friend.

Recommend it. Please help other readers find this book by recommending it to friends, readers’ groups and discussion boards.

Review it. Please tell other readers why you liked this book by reviewing it at one of the following websites: Amazon, Barnes and Noble, or Goodreads. If you do write a review, please send an email to KC Klein at KCKleinBooks@gmail.com. We would like to gift you a copy of our next anthology as a way of thanking you.




Fire Kissed by Erin Kellison


Fae Fire
It is Kaye Brand's power to wield. But outcast from her kind, she's been selling herself to the highest bidder - money for her survival in exchange for a magic glimpse into the flames of the future.

Angel Ice
One of the angelic Order, Jack Bastian has no use for a female like Kaye, as provocative and unexpected as her blazing beauty. Yet he has no choice but to hire her to uncover the secrets of his sworn enemy and her former fiance, Ferrol Grey.

Magekind
War is inevitable between the defenders of the Order and the mage Houses who threaten to engulf the world in Shadow. For Jack, mage-born Kaye is off limits, no matter how hot the impossible attraction between them. But in the coming darkness, beset by danger and desire, everything is about to change...


PROLOGUE

Kaye Brand hid behind a fat cement pillar in the cellar, unable to wrench her gaze from the man hanging slack from his wall-chained wrists. Fear lashed her in place while her brain raced to figure out what exactly she was seeing, and what it meant. 
The otherwise empty cellar was cold and musty, like old dirt, but with a sour body smell besides, which had to be coming from…him. Darkness seeped into the corners of the room, licking the walls, tendrils reaching for the chained man. And in the air, the hissing whispers of the fae from beyond, who watched everything that went on in the great Houses. 
She hid like a little kid, one eye peeking, even though she was fifteen and basically an adult. Even though part of her mind screamed for her to get back upstairs fast, lock the door, and pretend she’d never gone snooping in the first place.
The groom’s gift is in the cellar, her dad had murmured to old lady Grey, who was just arriving at Brand House for the big event. He’d used his low voice, the one meant only for the ear he wanted, but Kaye knew she had to be listening to everything that went on today, and listening good. 
A groom’s gift? Kaye looked it up online, since her dad hadn’t bothered to fill her in, though it was her wedding, her groom. Turned out it was supposed to be a gift from her to her soon-to-be husband, Ferrol Grey. Like the marriage, her father had arranged the whole thing and left her out of it. It was medieval crap, but that’s what you got for being born a Brand with Shadow in your blood. 
Of course she had to check it out, though it took all her nerve to steal Dad’s keys and try each one in the cellar door’s lock. She didn’t quite know what he’d do to her if he caught her, which was what made her hands shake, but this was her wedding, her life. The more decisions she let go by, the more he would make for her. 
Not anymore.
Kaye’s gift was on his knees, his arms strung out to the sides, manacles chaining him to the wall. The skin of his hands and forearms was riddled with black lines from the cuffs of his bonds, like poison leeching into his veins. His bare torso was flexed, muscle caught midripple. And his head hung forward, chin to his chest, as if he were that Greek god Atlas, the one with the world on his shoulders. Even though the cellar was dark, windowless, and otherwise empty, he was somehow lit by a soft glow that kept the reaching Shadows at bay. But not for long. 
The man, her gift, had been tortured. 
In her basement. 
For her wedding.
The only thing she understood was that she’d better get upstairs, and fast. Her heart was pounding as if it had already taken off and had left the rest of her frozen behind, slick with sweat.
Because, umm… Why was her father giving a tortured man to her soon-to-be husband… and from her? And why would her soon-to-be husband want him? 
The questions made her feel very small and stupid. And afraid. 
She had to figure out a way to say no, even if the big event was tomorrow. She’d practiced, but the little word wouldn’t come out whenever she faced her father. 
Maybe this chained guy was bad. Beautiful, but bad. He had to have done something wrong. Nobody messed with the Brands. And nobody even thought of messing with the Greys. That had to be it. The mage families never relied on human laws or authorities. Maybe this was some kind of justice. Medieval, like her arranged marriage. In which case, the prisoner probably deserved what he got.
The chained man lifted his head.
Oh sweet Shadow.
Kaye’s world cracked open. She felt the change in a hot-cold shock wave over her body and gripped the cement pillar for support. Her life was over. Nothing good would ever happen to her, never ever, because she had never seen anyone so beautiful, and tomorrow she’d have to marry an old man.
Kaye blinked hard to stop her tears.
There was no way this man could be bad. Not him.
He had features like a poet: mouth full, cheekbones high and sharp, forehead smooth, with hair falling in waves around his face. His eyes were honey brown, warm, soulful, and terribly sad as he looked at her. From within, he gleamed. He was perfect. And he was also broken, a scarlet smear of blood across his jaw.
“You,” he said, voice rough, “shouldn’t be down here. It’s dangerous.” 
Kaye trembled behind her pillar. It felt so stupid to hide like a kid while wearing high heels. The only thing the shoes were good for was looking her father in the eye. (Not so good if she couldn’t get her no out, though.) But here, towering over the chained man, those extra four inches felt more like dress-up. Either she should stand up straight or run away.
“Please,” the man begged, his tone clearing some. His head bobbed with the effort of looking up at her. “They will hurt you.”
They’d do worse than that. They would cut her off from the outside. Cut her off absolutely this time, which would be just fine by her father and soon-to-be husband. She was a dud. She might have Shadow in her blood, but if she couldn’t call fire, she was suited for only one thing. Hence the marriage, for the good of the family. She’d been promised comforts. And the Grey name would protect her from the rest of magekind. But it wasn’t what she wanted.
She had to say no. Tomorrow was coming. Tomorrow was just about here. But her dad would be so angry if he had to repay Mr. Grey for all the gifts and wedding expenses when she’d agreed to the thing in the first place.
Kaye looked at the man hanging in front of her; maybe Dad was already paying Mr. Grey back. And since her name would be on the gift tag, maybe she was somehow paying too. The thought made something in her go dark and cold, like a spark turning to ash. What exactly and how much did they owe?
The chained man shivered with her, his face haggard with pain, and Kaye wondered if he was going to speak again. If she should bring him water. If she should try each one of Dad’s keys on his handcuffs, as she had on the cellar door. This was trouble. Epic trouble.
She looked over her shoulder and up the dark, narrow staircase, considering. Dad would be in meetings by now, family business. If she was quick, maybe no one would know. (Someone would.) She could put the chained man’s arm over her shoulder. Help him up the stairs. She could set him free. (He’d never make it off the property.)
Still… Only a bad person would leave him to die, because that’s what was going to happen.
Her stomach twisted, panic washing through her, but she raised her fistful of keys. Unlock the cuffs, leave the rest to him. She’d just have to get the keys back to Dad’s office before he found out. (Dad would find out anyway. He always did.) 
“No.”  The chained man shook his head, gaze sharpening for a second. 
Kaye startled and stepped back. The keys shook in her hand.
“Child, please. Leave while you can.”  His skin flushed while he gasped for air. “Run.”
But she wasn’t a child, not anymore. The guests arriving for the wedding could say it all they wanted—Grey’s child bride—though, duh, she was clearly old enough to get hitched. Old enough for what came after too.  
“And keep running,” he added at the end of his breath. The black lines on his arms crawled toward his elbows. The ends of his fingers went dead grey. 
There was nowhere to go. Not for him. Not for her.
“Get away from here. If you are even considering setting me free,” he said, slurring, “this life is not for you.”
Wrong again. Kaye was a Brand. She was born to this life. Born to breed power, her father had said. She lifted her chin and let the fear within sizzle her nerves. 
“No,” he said, going hoarse. “Not your responsibility. Not your fault either.”  
Yes, her fault. The gift would be from her.
The chained man strained forward, his bonds taking his weight, arms extending farther to the sides, as if he were about to take flight. The glow around him brightened painfully, and the grasping Shadows reeled away from him. “Run away!” 
Kaye flinched. Too loud!
She whipped to view the stairs, stumbling back, almost turning her ankle in the dumb shoes.
Someone had to have heard him. This was bad, very bad. She’d been there too long. What was she thinking? She couldn’t help him. They were in the middle of nowhere. In a house full of Shadow.
She dashed tears from her eyes. No. She could only save herself. Pretend she’d never been here. And then hate herself forever.
The chained man sighed as if he divined her intention. Dimmed. “Go.”
Kaye forced herself not to look back as she lunged upward, but she could feel the beautiful, chained man behind her, and in her mind’s eye saw him looking after, watching his only chance to survive leave him to save her own skin.
If she had a soul, which for once she was glad she didn’t, she’d be going to Hell. Score one for the soulless mages, though it didn’t make her feel any better. Getting married tomorrow would be punishment enough. She was trapped, just like him.
Kaye trembled as she shut the cellar door behind her. Her guts and bones ached as if she had the flu. She looked left and right. Nobody in the hallway.  Kitchen sounds beyond, the staff working up the night’s dinner. Smelled…fishy, among other things. 
She found the key and locked the door again, her throat tightening as the bolt snapped into place. The beautiful man was buried down there. 
The keys. She had to get them back before Dad noticed. Drop them in his coat pocket before he knew they were missing. Or toss them out the window and look stupid if he asked about them.
Kaye smoothed her little black dress, reminding herself that she was the woman of the house. And a Brand. 
Nothing had happened.  
Please, please don’t let me cry. 
She swallowed to wet her mouth, forced her chin up, and headed for her father’s study.

***

Kaye listened, forehead at the door, and hearing nothing did a quiet twist of the knob and a slow push. From the open sliver, she couldn’t see anyone. So far so good. She eased it farther, then froze at the sight of the old lady she’d met earlier today, the groom’s sister. Ms. Grey was supposed to act as Ferrol’s proxy in the marriage because times were too dangerous for him to come himself, which meant that Kaye had to say “I do” to her, though it meant “I do” to him. 
The whole thing was screwed up. Danger even on the inside of magekind. Whispers everywhere.
The old woman sat behind her dad’s new desk. Her face was deeply wrinkled like the up-down grooves of craggy tree bark, but with sour, thin lips. Her eyeballs were nested black marbles, hard and glossy, and they fixed on her.
Her dad had just turned from the bar cart with a couple of drinks. He had his usual cognac. And the old lady’s drink had a toothpick stuck in a drowned green olive. Martini. Once, secretly, Kaye had sampled all the booze. Most of it was nasty.
“Kaye?” Dad sounded polite, but he had that tight look that meant she was interrupting.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Kaye said, not sorry at all. “I didn’t know you were busy.”
She started to retreat. The keys, out a window then. Or in the trash. Right now they felt terribly conspicuous in her hand. 
“No, we’re not,” the old woman corrected. “Why don’t you come in for a moment?” She had a broken voice that added syllables and skipped others.
Dad’s lip twitched—he must be angry—but since he didn’t contradict the request, Kaye obeyed.
“Sure.” Kaye tucked the keys in her hand. There were more than ten on the ring. She stepped inside, sucking in her stomach and working on her shoulders. If she pushed them back, her flat chest stuck out, but any other way she stood was supposedly sloppy. Late bloomer, someone had called her. 
The flames in the fireplace leapt as she entered, but then fire did that when she was around. It was a Brand thing, a Shadow thing, and the reason her dad had fires lit in every room—to show off to his guests what she could do.
Her dad’s office was old-school, like he was, dark-toned with lots of new, thick furniture brought in to make them look rich for the wedding, including the hulking desk. Their family might be old blood, but those heavy antiques weren’t, and probably weren’t even theirs to keep. 
Standing behind the old lady was one of those sad, monster people, a wraith in a suit, who was supposed to be a bodyguard or something. Wraiths were horrible but couldn’t be beat in a fight. The old lady shouldn’t worry; the wraith looked scary mean, but it was his funky BO that would keep everyone away. 
The wraith’s attention fixed on her, and his nostrils flared. 
“Close the door, please,” Ms. Grey said, though it was not her door. 
First the old biddy sat in Dad’s chair, now she gave orders? Last time Kaye checked, this was Brand house. Kaye swatted behind her, and the door shut just shy of a slam.
“Kaye,” her father said smoothly, but she got the warning to behave, “Zelda and I were just discussing the continuation of your studies.”
Zelda. That’s what the old lady’s name was. A couple of weeks ago, Kaye would have been required to call her Ms. Grey or ma’am. Now it was Zelda. The perks of being suddenly all grown up. 
The wraith leaned down to the grand madam’s ear, whispering. 
None of this boded well. Kaye was supposed to marry Ferrol tomorrow, but Zelda was the first Grey she’d ever met. And if the old lady was a crypt keeper, how old would that make her brother, Kaye’s soon-to-be husband? Old. Which was probably why they weren’t letting her meet him. 
Wasn’t fair, no matter how generous the marriage contract might be. She should just say no. It was now or never.
Zelda twitched her black eyeballs back to Kaye. “My companion says your smell is off.” 
As if the monster could talk. 
“I was in the kitchen,” Kaye explained. “They’re cooking fish.” She hoped it wasn’t the kind where they left the inside raw. What was his excuse?
“Not that smell,” Zelda said.
Silence in the office. The fire snapped, Shadows flickering. Dad paused, midmotion. Zelda’s eyes glinted. The wraith looked meaner.
Anxiety tickled Kaye. The old lady knew something.
Zelda leaned forward slightly, pinning her. “You’ve been in the cellar.” 
Wraiths were known for their sharp senses as well as their hunger for human souls. He had to have sniffed the musty, sour body smell from downstairs. She must have worn it into the room. Heels. Little black dress. Eau de Dying Man.
She was caught. Her heart sucked in so much blood that the edges of the room dimmed. She looked at her father, expecting wrath. She braced to take it.
But her dad casually sipped from his glass. “And how is our friend in the cellar doing?”
Not the reaction she expected.
“You knew about this?” Zelda asked.
“I gave her the keys,” he answered. To Kaye, he asked, “How is he looking today?” 
Another pounding second passed before Kaye realized that her dad was trying to make it seem like he was okay with her going down there. Because there was no way that he was.
In weirdly numb slow motion, Kaye held out the keys to him. She was caught anyway, so why not? They’d gotten so heavy, it was a relief when her father took them. 
She had no idea what to answer about the chained man, because she didn’t know why he was there in the first place. “He’s…” She went for the obvious. “…a little pasty.” 
Dad let out an odd, sharp laugh and drained his glass. Dad never laughed.
He was going to lock her up for sure. Take away her laptop, take away everything. No continuation of studies. Just Ferrol Grey’s bride.
Kaye’s brain filled with I’m-sorrys and excuses, but she held them back. It wouldn’t matter if she was sorry. And she wasn’t.
The old lady slid her beady gaze over to Dad. “I wasn’t aware Kaye knew about the angel.”
Angel. The beautiful man was an angel. 
Kaye felt so stupid—she should have figured that much out on her own, what with the way he seemed to shine. And his imprisonment finally made sense: Angels were supposed to hate the mage families. Light against Shadow. They were supposed to kill mages whenever they could. She’d just never seen one before.
If she’d set him free, she might be dead by now. 
“They will hurt you,” the angel had warned not five minutes ago. 
Ironic. He was the one who’d have done the hurting. And how dumb was he that he hadn’t let her undo his chains? Angels were supposed to be crazy strong. He could have fought his way out.
Wait. Then why hadn’t he let her undo his chains? 
Dad returned to the drink cart. “Kaye is a Brand,” he said. “She can keep her own counsel about family matters.” He shot her a look. “A glass of wine, honey?”
He never called her honey. He never offered her a drink, much less alcohol.
“Okay,” she answered lamely. The yellow stuff was better than most of the other drinks on the cart.
Zelda handed her martini to the wraith, who set it aside on a bookshelf. “Ferro will be displeased.”
Ferro, her soon-to-be’s nickname. Kaye knew his name meant iron, like hers did fire, but this sounded like pharaoh to her. King of the world. Very magey.
Kaye took Dad’s outstretched wineglass. His gaze bored into hers, full of meaning. She had no idea what he wanted.
She gulped without raising the glass. Umm…“Ferro won’t like my groom’s gift?” 
Dad gave a shallow nod of approval, though his skin had gone blotchy, which made Kaye shake deep inside. His anger was usually cold and pale. This was different. Something was going on.
“You were given specific instructions,” the old lady admonished her father.
“She’s his bride,” he answered back. 
“Run!” the angel had said.
“You are not free to amend the dictates of Ferrol Grey, whether he marries your daughter or not.”
“Whether he…” Dad puffed. 
If Kaye had her way, she’d prefer not. Speak now? Or forever hold her peace?
“This is a delicate matter,” Zelda continued, “one beyond your narrow understanding, and certainly beyond hers.”
Zelda’s condescending tone made Kaye burn all the way down to her toes. A log crackled in the fire like a gunshot. 
There was no way Kaye was going to live with that old hag the rest of her life, no matter how generous Ferrol was, no matter how much the union would help the Brand family. She was going from one keeper to the next, and all because she couldn’t set anything on fire. Well, her dad couldn’t either, so who was he to sell her off to the highest bidder?  And who was Mr. Grey, who had bought her without meeting her, who had sent this mean old woman to sit in her dad’s chair? Shadow was the only important thing—who had it and who could control it. 
“This life is not for you,” the angel had said.
The angel might have been dangerous, but he was the only one who had seemed to know the difference between Kaye and Brand.
Family. Politics. More like control. 
“No,” she blurted out.
“Quiet,” her father said, with a dismissive wave of his hand. 
But the word was out, finally out. It had been much easier to say to the old lady than to her dad.
“I don’t want to marry Mr. Grey,” Kaye said to Zelda. 
Her dad’s skin got that strange mottled look again. “Kaye doesn’t know what she’s saying,” he said. “You goaded her, and her temper flared. Just look at the fire. That’s the Brand promise—Shadow is thick in our blood.”
Sounded like a sales pitch to Kaye, but she was taking herself off the market. “I won’t marry your brother.”
A bright burst of light, and Kaye fell to the floor, her jaw throbbing, the room tilting at an odd angle. The wineglass lay broken, its contents soaking the rug, its fruity smell in her nose. Her father stood over her, so he must have been the one who  hit her, another thing he’d never done before. 
“She’ll comply,” he said. “She can be made to cooperate. She can be made to understand.”
Before, he’d only taken away privileges, only isolated her. Kaye looked up at her father, through her tears, with all the hate and hurt she could. Daddy?
Her dad wiped sweat from his forehead. His hand was shaking. 
She’d never seen him shake. Never seen him look like this. He’d never struck her. Why was he being like this?
Then it clicked. Her dad wasn’t angry. He was scared.
The realization made the pulsing ache in her jaw worse, her heart thudding as she took on his fear.
“And this is the young woman you allowed down into the cellar, into our affairs?” Zelda lifted a brow. “I think not.”
Kaye crawled to standing. She’d lost a shoe, and stepped out of the other instead of searching for the first. A kid again. She swiped at her mouth with her wrist and it came away with a smear of spit and blood. 
The old lady lifted her hand, a finger raised to signal the wraith. Sighing, she said, “You may have her.”
Kaye didn’t understand.  
But her dad lunged, shoving her backward hard, as the wraith vaulted over the desk. 
Kaye hit the fireplace—the stone scraped, but the flames never burned—as the wraith pushed her father out of his way, a bony hand to her dad’s face. 
Dad fell back. The wraith advanced, his monster teeth extending in his mouth, which made no sense whatsoever. Wraiths fed on souls. Mages didn’t have them. 
What could he want from her?
“Run!” the angel’s voice echoed in her memory.
Kaye flung open the door. To her left the hallway led to the warren of kitchen and pantry back rooms. Right led to the entrance foyer and guarded front door. 
She took the hallway. Shouldered past the help, dodged around a corner. The wraith was after her.
Her father’s voice rose in a shout behind her, but she didn’t understand and wasn’t about to stop now. 
“And keep running.”
She skittered through the kitchen and burst out of the pantry door onto the wet ice-slick of a brick walkway. The evening air was sharp, bitter, cold. The world gold and white as the sun fell.
A crash behind her. A woman shrieked, and then the sound was cut off abruptly.
Kaye took off toward the trees. Her flight was just like it would have been for that angel—nowhere to go. Nothing nearby. 
Just running. Running. The cold stung her exposed skin while inside her blood pumped hot.  Her feet skittered across the lawn and through the frozen brush. Scraping and cutting. Daddy! I didn’t mean it!
The shadow gained, silent and quick.
Running. The winter woods went black, sunset turning the sky from gold to licking red. The trees were solemn black spears, stuck into the ground like the picture of the afterdeath of the great ancient battle in her childhood storybook—angels against mages. 
Her breath smoked the air in broken gasps. She strained to see over her shoulder. 
There. Close. Jaw hanging low. Teeth glittering.
He had to know she didn’t have what he wanted.
If he worked for the Greys, he had to know. . . . 
She leaned into her run, but a jerk on her arm abruptly whipped her around, crashing her into a tree and sending her into the winter-sharp growth. Pain came from everywhere, but her fear was bigger as she rolled to face the wraith.
He loomed above, monstrous, feral, his suit a strange contradiction to the devolution of his facial features.
She slapped and kicked upward, to no effect. Rocks and branches scored her back as she used her weight for strength.
“Daddy!”
But the wraith was unfazed. He took her by the head, one hand at each side of her face, and lifted her up. Her neck hurt, so she had to hold on to her attacker. His grip had closed her ears so all she could hear was the rhythmic rushing of her blood and her sobs echoing around in her brain.
“No soul!” she screamed, clawing at his hands. “No soul!”
Her feet kicked empty air as his maw opened. He tilted his face to get the kiss right, when it could never be right. She had nothing to give him.
“Please!” she shrieked. “Daddy!”
The wraith’s bite clamped down on her face, his teeth spearing into the flesh and bone at her jaw. His hands at her ears kept her trapped in his grasp. Pain sharpened the moment. She was enveloped in his rank smell, yet unable to retch. The world became he and she, sharing her first-ever French kiss. 
Should’ve been that angel. She could have kissed him forever. But she’d left him behind. Why did she leave him?
A ripple went through the wraith and his mouth flexed on hers. It was a drawing motion, a suck, a slurp, that sought deep within for what she’d already told him she didn’t have. 
What the old lady had to know she didn’t have.
A second wave took the wraith’s body, as he pulled harder at her, blistering whatever skin she had left intact.
The pain of the motion made stars prick into the gray of her vision. Warm fluid ran freely down her neck. His teeth became the nails holding her bones together. Without him, she was broken. Broken like that angel.
She didn’t want to die. 
She hadn’t yet lived. 
The kiss sent her down into herself, down down down, away from the smell and the pain and the fear. Away from the moment when the wraith would wrench himself from her lips and she would fall apart, left in the cold.
She went down into the deep of her core and found her umbra, her Shadow within, at last.  It churned with darkness and beat with drums. And in the primordial depths, obscured by the circling pitch of magic, was the plume of a flame, its source, her blood, her heritage. 
Brand.
She reached out to it with everything she was, with all the screams trapped in her mind, the hopes crushed by the marriage contract, the rage that her life should end now, this way. It wasn’t fair! She reached to fight back.
And the flame obeyed. 
It stretched up in a pillar of light, but she wanted more, demanded more. Now!
And the flame erupted within her, heating her twitching limbs like a volcano awakening. Like lava, the fire coursed through her veins. She was alive with it, a shimmering conflagration, a human torch. 
The wraith released his kiss, flinging her away. She seemed to fall for ages, then jarred on the ground and lay slack, ravaged, blood flowing down her neck from her wounds and ears. But in her dimming vision, the wraith thrashed against her fire. He went up as if doused with accelerant and screamed his own pain as he convulsed, charring. Then he dropped into a folded heap of blackened bones.
His fire smothered quickly, and she found herself in the dark, her inner flame dimming to a flicker. The black trees blended with the night sky. The cold crept over her, and she sank, her breath shallow, toward sleep or death.
After what seemed a very long time, the world went utterly dark. Inside the blackness, there was no time. Just cold.
Until she felt herself lifted against a warm, strong chest. Felt a rolling movement like a swift stride. Someone cradling her.
See, Daddy, she thought from within the void, I can call fire.


Want to read more? Order Fire Kissed from:

Amazon
Barnes & Noble
Powell’s Books
Indigo Books
Book Depository
Books-A-Million
Indie Bound

“Equal parts mystery, sexy romance, scary drama and fairy tale, [Shadowman] is guaranteed to thrill and chill. A unique view of the paranormal isn't easy to find, but this story is unlike anything you've read before." 
– RT Book Reviews, review of Shadowman

"SHADOW BOUND is unlike any other reading experience I've had to date. Its a fast paced, heart pounding, gut wrenching, nail biting, awe inspiring thrill ride that will leave you begging for more and more." Grade: A 
– Lovin' Me Some Romance, review of Shadow Bound




About Erin Kellison

Erin is the author of the dark fantasy romance Shadow series, and its spin-off the Shadow Kissed series, starting with Fire Kissed, coming July 2012. She has a decades-running space opera going on in her head, so if she's not hanging out with her family or writing for a deadline, she's probably adventuring off-world. You can find her at:

Website: www.ErinKellison.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/erinkellisonauthor
Twitter: www.twitter.com/ekellison
Pinterest: www.Pinterest.com/ErinKellison
Goodreads: www.Goodreads.com/ErinKellison


For the latest news on upcoming releases, subscribe to Erin’s newsletter.

Shadow Series


Shadow Touch Novella Series


Read excerpts from all the Shadow Series novels at ErinKellison.com


Erin Kellison's books are available at:

Amazon
Barnes & Noble
Powell’s Books
Indigo Books
Book Depository
Books-A-Million
Indie Bound




Dark Future by KC Klein


Want more books by KC Klein? Read on to find out how it all began in the first book of the series, DARK FUTURE (on sale now at Amazon.)

Awakened in the middle of the night by a future version of herself, Kris Davenport is given a mission: go forward in time to save the world—and His life. Of course, her future self doesn't tell her who he is, just sends her into an abyss and straight into an alien invasion. 
He turns out to be ConRad Smith, the callous, untrusting Commander of Earth’s army and the world’s last defense. There’s only one way to know for sure if this strange woman is an alien spy—slice her throat. Except, he didn’t anticipate the heat he would feel as he interrogates the hot-tempered, warm-blooded woman. For a man whose sole focus has been survival, she's more temptation than he can handle. But a world on the brink of destruction leaves no room for love…and time is running out.


EXCERPT

“Mmm, you taste human. Like salt or more like … warm sunshine?” He pinned me with his gaze. His eyes spoke a primal language. Desire warred with anger; need against punishment.
I looked away. Embarrassed. Violated. His body crushed mine, suffocating in its nearness. I couldn’t move. I couldn’t even breathe without crushing my breasts against him. I always considered myself strong and physically fit, but he subdued me with barely any effort. Heart racing, I panicked.
The feeling of no control would break me—complete powerlessness always did. I used whatever weapon was available; whatever maneuvers would give me a fighting chance. This was no different. I turned my head, opened my mouth against his neck, and … sunk my teeth in.
He cursed. Grabbed hold of my shirt, picked me up, and slammed me back against the wall.
A painful whoosh came from my lungs. My vision rocked—brain swished inside my skull.
“You bit me.” He sounded shocked.
My head hurt so bad I had to blink hard to keep my eyes in their sockets. “You licked me,” I shouted back.
He assessed me, aqua blue eyes hooded with thick, long eyelashes, for what seemed like an eternity. “I will ask you one more time. Who are you?”
“I’ve told you everything.” My voice sounded desperate, tired, even to me. “I went running and fell into the dark … I’m a doctor at a hospital. If you don’t believe me, just call them. I’ve worked there for years.”
He stood still, his body hard against mine, creating an insurmountable barrier. His face so close I could see his pupils enlarge, almost hiding the hard blue of his irises. The rage in him lived and breathed. One hand ran along my scalp in a mock caress, grabbed hold of my hair and pulled.
“Liar,” his voice barely a whisper, the knife was back … shaking at my very exposed, very vulnerable artery. “There hasn’t been a hospital anywhere on Earth since the year 2075.” And in one efficient movement, he drew the knife across my throat.


Read all of DARK FUTURE now:

Amazon
Barnes & Noble
Powell’s Books 
Book Depository
Books-A-Million
Indie Bound


"Dark, gritty, and utterly entrancing, this book absolutely blew my socks off." – Jess "The Romanceaholic"

"…I didn't want to put it down. It had me on the edge of my seat and never shied away from the really hard stuff." – Jen "Red Hot Books"

"[DARK FUTURE] knocked my socks off! Do yourself a huge favor and GET THIS BOOK!! You won't be sorry you did." – Kissablysweetone

Want to read more? Buy Dark Future at Amazon.




About KC Klein

KC Klein has lived most of her life with her head in the clouds and her nose buried in a book. She did stop reading long enough to make a home with a real life hero, her husband, for over sixteen years. A mother of two children, she spends her time slaying dragons, saving princesses, and championing the belief in the happily-ever-after. She is the author of two novels, a sexy time-travel romance, Dark Future and a new contemporary western romance, Texas Wide Open, coming this fall. KC loves to hear from readers and can be found desperately pounding away on her laptop in yoga pants and leopard slippers or more conveniently at kckleinbooks.com. 

Website: www.KCKleinBooks.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/AuthorKCKlein
Twitter: www.twitter.com/KCKleinbooks
Pinterest: www.pinterest.com/kckleinbooks


Dark Future Series


Coming Soon! 
The second novella in the Dark Future series, To Keep a Wife.

KC Klein’s books are available at:

Amazon
Barnes & Noble
Powell’s Books
Indigo Books
Book Depository
Books-A-Million
Indie Bound




Darkness Undone by Jessa Slade


DARKNESS UNDONE
Book 4 of the Marked Souls

The war between good and evil has raged for millennia,
and as a powerful new enemy ascends, the Marked Souls
are pushed to the ragged edge…

Sidney Westerbrook has always studied darkness and damnation from a sensible distance. Now, to earn his place as a league Bookkeeper, he must discover why Chicago is such a battleground of soul-linked warriors. But the research becomes personal when he finds himself over his head and under attack — and at the mercy of a waif with demon-lit eyes and a deep yearning in her heart.

Alyce Carver has been alone longer than she can remember, battered by the living nightmares that haunt her city. Cornered by yet another gang of demons, she unwittingly joins forces with a handsome scholar who can salvage her past, and she in turn may be the key to his investigations. But she won’t let him go until he shows her everything she’s been missing.

What begins as an experiment in possession becomes a trial by desire so powerful it threatens both their lives, even as it binds their souls.


Chapter 1

To human senses, the Chicago night was dark and quiet—at least as dark and quiet as a big city could be. But Sidney Westerbrook knew, somewhere beyond the stark neon and the shouts with the flattened vowels that grated on his merely human eyes and ears, the streets seethed with demonic fury.
And after coming nearly four thousand miles, he wasn’t getting the chance to experience any of it.
Sid stuffed his hands to the bottom of his trouser pockets, as if he might find a last kilojoule of warmth down there. His father had warned him London’s fog had nothing on Chicago’s wind.
Then again, his father had warned him of quite a lot, only some of which had seemed relevant. Sid hunched his shoulders, and his gusty sigh bounced off the upturned collar of his tweed jacket, fogging his spectacles.
Who would’ve guessed the Chicago talyan would be such contrary blighters? All his Bookkeeper studies had prepared him for the same old, same old: immortal, menacing warriors with preternatural fighting skills and tortured demon-possessed souls, et cetera. But these upstart Yanks—from one of the secondary leagues, no less—had blown apart the theories of generations of Bookkeepers before him. Yet despite their obvious need for objective guidance, they wouldn’t give him, their emergency Bookkeeper, even the time of day.
No way in hell were they giving him their nights.
Though Sid didn’t have a talya’s enhanced vision, the flow of demonic ethers was clearly unsettled in Chicago. He’d hypothesized as much from the sharply refracted energy in every talya iris—purplish glints even an unschooled human would notice. The borderline morbid array of close-quarters weaponry had been another hint. But Liam Niall, the leader of the Chicago league, had refused to let Sid accompany them on patrol.
“It’s your first night in town,” he’d said. “Kick the jet lag. Then we’ll show you . . . everything, as London requested.”
Sid hadn’t needed enhanced hearing either, to pick up that disdainful pause. Most of the world’s major cities had @1 leagues since demonic activity tied into population density and the various sorts of upheavals that regularly made the evening news. All the leagues were distinctly autonomous and fighting to hold their burden of darkness at bay. But London, having inherited the position from Rome in the days of expanding empires, held perhaps a “first among equals” distinction, though the other leagues might not readily concede. It probably didn’t help matters that Niall had been a victim of the Irish potato famine, which had its rotting roots in British agrarian politics.
That quarrel, in case anyone wanted to consult a calendar, had been dead and buried for a century and a half, although obviously dead meant something different to immortals.
Sid crushed his fists down hard enough to turn pocket lint to felt. Just what he needed; another old man unwilling to let him in.
He dodged across the street, avoiding a cab that had run the red. He responded to the unwarranted honk with an appropriate American gesture. In some ways, cities were all the same. Certainly he could find common ground with these big, taciturn talya males and their three smaller but equally unnerving females. London might have loaned him to Chicago while his last journeyman Bookkeeper thesis was under review, but if he wanted to prove his mastery—if he wanted all the sacrifices to mean anything—exposing, exploring, and explaining some heretofore unknown talya secret would certainly do the trick.
And the Chicago league had secrets to burn.
He passed an iron stanchion supporting the elevated train, turned the next corner, and came face-to-face with . . . fangs.
A squeak of surprise squeezed from his chest.
When his thinking forebrain caught up with his hindbrain, he winced at his instinctive reaction. The rubber monster mask in the shop window wasn’t coming for his jugular.
He let out a slow breath, calming the rush of his pulse. He straightened his spectacles and leaned closer to the window. The molded tusks were coated in frightfully realistic gore as if they’d just emerged from someone’s thorax. He’d forgotten All Hallows’ Eve was less than a fortnight away. Not that the demonic tenebrae scheduled holidays.
He walked on, suddenly thankful he was alone tonight. If one of the talyan had witnessed that squeak, he’d never earn his respect.
But there was no one around.
No one at all.
His heel scuffed the pavement as his steps slowed. The soft scrape repeated down the throat of the dank alley off to his right. He swallowed in disgust at the stench of stewed trash. Really, that costume shop should try bottling the stink for a gag gift—emphasis on gag.
He peered back toward the intersection where the cab had almost sideswiped him. The red flash of brakes and illuminated crosswalk signs blinked with ordinary, reassuring liveliness, but in that moment, bustling humanity seemed strangely far away.
Distance was good. Distance put things in perspective; letting Niall’s snub provoke him had been stupid. Well, he’d blame the jet lag and be his own composed Bookkeeper self on the morrow.
Before he could take another step, a disfigured shadow charged out of the alley toward him in a blur of grizzled fur and scabrous gray skin.
Pinched together on a ratlike head, the feralis’s bulbous eyes raged with an unholy orange flame. Its tapered jaws gaped wide to expose finger-length incisors. Curiously, the fangs looked sharper on the rubber version. . . .
Sid stumbled back. Adrenaline soaked through him in a hot wash like thin, bitter coffee.
Told you so, said his hindbrain.
He turned to run, but the feralis sprang at him, fiendishly quick on its clawed feet. Its jaws sank into his left shoulder. The shock was literal as well as academic when the teeth sliced through the heavy wool tweed of his coat, into muscle, and—judging by the unpleasant grinding noise—all the way through to bone.
“Bloody hell!” Agony spiked above the adrenaline—the archives never footnoted how much a feralis bite hurt!—and his vision narrowed to brick and blood and darkness.
The feralis shook him once, twice, snapping his head back as if he were nothing more than a chew toy. His spectacles flew off—now the brick, blood, and darkness were blurry—and his spine twisted with a searing streak of pain.
He flailed with his free arm, and something damp crumpled under his fist. Had he smacked its rotting gums? Or its eyeball? His stomach heaved. The talyan never reported squeamishness. Was that a result of indifference or pride?
The rest of him heaved too as the feralis tossed him toward the alley. He hit the pavement and bounced. The brutal blow to his shoulder jolted the breath from him and condensed his vision to a single bloody point.
The red dot winked out. And reappeared. And multiplied to a hundred tiny glittering points. Malice eyes split the darkness like crimson open wounds, not fuzzy at all, despite his nearsightedness. The smoldering, oily smoke of a salambe threaded past the crimson like an evil party streamer.
There were certain times when being a bit on the dim side would be preferable.
Night air leached through the hole in his coat, but he wasn’t cold. Between the alarming slick of blood matting the tweed and the singe of the feralis’s poisoned bite, he was feeling almost stuffy.
Of course, Bookkeepers were often accused of being stuffy. His father had countered, saying a Bookkeeper was duty-bound to replace nonsensical emotions with the quest for understanding.
As if understanding the inevitability made it any easier to die.
The feralis snapped at a second tenebrae crowding in. Two more of the tenebrae skittered behind them on spidery legs. The mutant quartet shuffled closer, and the air between the brick walls thickened with the stench of decay until Sid’s eyes watered.
Bloody marvelous. Now the talyan would find his mangled corpse with tears on his cheeks. Maybe sheer mortification at their comparative weakness was why Bookkeepers were tutored past emotion.
The pain in his shoulder spread in paralyzing waves, but his right hand still worked. He scrabbled along the asphalt for a loose brick, an empty bottle, maybe a rocket launcher. But only pebbles and bits of glass rolled under his desperate fingertips. There wasn’t even a dustbin to shelter behind. What sort of evil city kept its alleys so tidy?
“Don’t fight, lads,” he choked out. How many times had his father chided him with those words? “Run along now.”
“They must fight.”
The voice—barely a whisper behind him—jerked him around as if sharper teeth had buried themselves in his flesh.
From the deepest pool of shadows, a girl, clothed in nothing more than a once-white shift, coalesced like a mist in front of his straining eyes. Her thin arms were bare, and she held herself so tightly, her fingers chased the last of the blood from her skin.
Her hair fell in loose waves over her face and past her shoulders. Between the dark strands, her gaze—eerily pale—was hazy, and a distracted frown arrowed in one line between her arched brows. She took a limping step forward.
What was she doing in the empty alley? Doing drugs or a john? If her moral compass was as unsteady as her steps, she’d be an easy target for the tenebrae evil. He tried to pull himself toward her, and his fingers closed over the smooth frames of his spectacles.
He jerked them on, crookedly. At least now he could see his oncoming demise.
“Get out of here,” he hissed. He wouldn’t let another innocent die because once again he’d been in the wrong place at a bad time. Whatever or whoever she’d been doing, she didn’t deserve this. “Go. Now!”
For a heartbeat, her eyes cleared, but it was like winter clouds clearing the night sky to reveal a moon icy, distant, and dead. “Go where?”
“Away.” Fear for her congealed in his throat until he could barely push out the words. “Just go.”
Her pale gaze lifted to the ferales. “They have to fight. I have to fight too.”
If the feralis attack had been a blur, the girl was a lightning bolt.
One moment she was far enough down the alley that he thought she had a chance to escape. In his next breath, she was amidst the ferales. Her skirt fluttered behind her as she ducked between the two spidery tenebrae, avoiding the stabs of their spearlike legs with artless grace despite her limp.
Shrieking, the salambe shot up in a tight spiral out of the alley. All the malice swarmed after it, like incorporeal rats in the wake of a sinking ship.
That couldn’t be a good sign.
God, she wasn’t even half their size, and she was so thin, the ferales would snap through her in one unsatisfying bite. She could have gained an inch or two if she had at least been wearing shoes.
He surged upright, determined to throw himself into the fray beside her.
With a roundhouse kick, she slammed her foot into his head and knocked him to the ground again. This might have ticked him off, except his spectacles stayed on this time, so he had a clear view of the feralis that launched over her and landed right where he would have been, had he still been standing.
From his sprawl, he slammed his trainers at the feralis. At least he wasn’t wearing tasseled loafers, which his father claimed awarded Bookkeepers a proper visual distinction from the booted talyan.
The feralis hopped sideways with a hiss. From its jaws, slaver dripped, backlit yellow from the streetlights. Those fangs were looking sharper by the second.
The girl grabbed the creature by its fleshy tail and hauled it backward. The lean muscles in her bare arms quivered as the feralis bawled, spraying sulfurous drool. If Sid hadn’t known better, he would have said the tenebrae was . . . afraid. Its claws peeled up curls of asphalt, but it could not resist her relentless force. Her irises gleamed violet.
Sid sucked in a shocked breath. She wasn’t human either.
What astounding luck! His first night in Chicago, and he’d found a female talya. She was not associated with the league, or Niall would have mentioned her. She must be newly possessed—and unconstrained by the knowledge and rules of the league culture. She was a tabula rasa, ready for imprinting.
Exhilaration made his head spin. Or maybe that was blood loss.
He winced as she gained traction and heaved the feralis over her shoulder into the remaining trio. Her vice grip tore the tail loose in an arc of ichor. The tenebrae screamed, and the warbling cry hit an octave that iced Sid’s spine.
Immortal and inhumanly strong the girl might be, compelled by her repentant demon to fight evil, but she could still be killed. Four marauding ferales—well, three marauding and one that seemed a little shaken—were deadly foes.
He pulled himself upright. He couldn’t lose her, not when a journeyman Bookkeeper could write his ticket to London mastery on such a find.
She shoved him back again, and he stumbled into the wall. “Enough!” he shouted, pushing off the bricks. “I want to help you.”
She ignored him and lashed out with the tail in her hand. The fleshy whip snaked though the air to drive the ferales back.
Chunks of rot crumbled from the makeshift weapon. Decaying feralis husks never held up well. Sid knew the corrosive ichor congealed within the husks must be burning through the girl’s hands, but she never hesitated. With her demon ascendant, she’d feel nothing—not pain, not fear, not loss.
How simple the world must look through the violet eyes of possession. For the merest incomplete contraction of his cardiac musculature—not even a full heartbeat—he wished she could share that simplicity with him.
She cracked the putrid whip again, and one of the ferales shrieked as its limb sheared off. Without the animating etheric energy, the husk fragment putrefied. In minutes it would be only a noxious puddle.
Sid had never quite appreciated just how poorly animated corpses performed under pressure in the field. It was a subject worthy of a paper or two, no doubt.
The wet thud of the feralis’s head hitting the asphalt made his gut clench. He realized he wasn’t exactly performing up to snuff himself.
The partially dismembered ferales fled, vanishing around the corner. The decapitated one tried to follow but kept blundering into the alley wall. In another moment, it would stumble out, and Sid could just imagine its headless-chicken dance down Michigan Avenue.
The girl kicked aside the fourth motionless husk—he hadn’t even noticed her destroying that one; what kind of Bookkeeper was he?—and advanced on the hapless feralis.
Her limp was more noticeable, though she hadn’t taken a single hit. Was it a wound from earlier in the night, perhaps, that hadn’t healed yet despite her demon’s power? She was a devoted talya, for which he had reason to be extremely grateful.
The stump where the feralis’s ratlike skull had been now spewed ichor and a discomfiting mewl, like an infant’s cry. Sid wished it would stop.
And it did, as soon as the girl jammed both her fists through its sternum and wrenched it asunder in a black gush.
His gorge rose up in his throat, choking him. Just as well he’d left the @1 warehouse in a snit and without converting any currency for his supper; otherwise he’d be spewing right about now.
Like some murderous, post-apocalyptic librarian spinster, the girl knelt between the decommissioned feralis, her bare toes tucked under the raggedy hem of her old-fashioned gown. How would the talyan, who demonstrated a regrettable morphology tending toward thick-necked gigantism, look in this new dress-for-success? Sid held back a snort.
With a hand on each husk, the girl lowered her head. Her dark hair spread around her shoulders and curtained her face. The orange light in the feralis’s protruding eyestalks faded to white, like a sullen ember smothering in ash, as she drained the animating ether. The energy she took would refresh the demon within her and then . . .
She turned her head just enough to meet his gaze. Violet. So Bookkeeper archives described the glint of nocturnal predator, but that did no justice to the wavelengths of light bending beyond his human perception. He sagged against the bricks as if his marrow had turned to ice water.
She wasn’t newly possessed and awkwardly delving into her untested powers.
She was rogue.
He eased back against the wall, letting the bricks support him when his suddenly wobbly knees didn’t seem up to the task.
She blinked, and the violet faded to the previous pale haze. “Pardon me.” Her voice barely carried across the alley. “No one should have seen that.”
The odd cadence of her voice snagged his attention. It sounded like something he’d find on Oxford Street—almost familiar but strangely awry. He realized he was leaning forward to hear her, his muscles canting in her direction, even as the more primitive part of his brain urged him to edge away slowly.
“But you’ll forget, won’t you?” She tilted her head, and the dark waves of her hair slid to one side, revealing the slender column of her throat. Just above her high collar, a thin black tracery marred her white skin: the mark of her demon. “’Twould be for the best, to forget.”
He wondered if “forget” was a euphemism for nipping off his head as she’d done to the ferales. There was not much he could do about it, of course. “No doubt most people you save scream more than they say thank you, but . . . thank you.”
A violet gleam surfaced in her eye, spun once, and vanished again. “They all scream.”
His ever-so-keen powers of observation were starting to tell him his newfound talya had gone a bit off. Not that she seemed handicapped in the butchery department, where a talya truly needed to shine.
He let out a long, nonthreatening sigh. His shoulder was throbbing in earnest, now that the danger seemed to have passed—mostly.
He studied her empty hands where tenebrae gore left scorch marks on her skin. “You have an . . . interesting technique for dispatching ferales. Most talyan use long-handled weapons to keep clear of the ichor.”
She didn’t move, but something about her stillness became even more still. Apparently the danger hadn’t gone very far away at all. “What are these words you use?”
“Ferales.” He pointed first at the husks and shifted to the black spill. “Ichor. Talya.” He pointed at her.
She shifted onto her haunches, fingers steepled over the asphalt.
“Don’t run,” he said softly. He hoped she wouldn’t leap on him either and rip his heart out, as seemed perfectly possible when he considered her taut white hands. “It’s okay.”
“Okay? What is okay?”
He pointed to himself.
And then he passed out.

***

Alyce flattened her palms over the tear in the man’s coat. She dared not touch him directly with her filthy hands, but the wound was clotting, and her anxious heartbeat slowed along with his blood loss.
As if in reply, the restless spirits overhead that had lit her way here finally ceased their frantic whirling. Since the luminescent whorls above lacked teeth or claws, she focused on the man. Marshaling her thoughts was like catching clouds; it had been so long since she’d concentrated on anything besides the hunt. Gentling her touch was harder yet. Her fingers trembled with the effort.
The devils had never attacked another person in her presence before—or none she had been able to save. Always, when she appeared, the devils tried to run, and always, the overpowering impulse in her ensured they did not go far. After the first time, when she’d realized the devils didn’t leave witnesses, she’d never gone back to sift through their ghastly handiwork.
She had frights enough.
But this man had not screamed when she appeared. The devils had surrounded him, and he had mocked them. He had met her gaze, and he had not run.
That had perhaps been because he’d swooned. But before his eyes—nice brown eyes, without a flicker of unholy flames—had rolled back in his head, he had stared at evil and not backed down. He mustn’t die now, not after he’d chipped a hole in the ice that had frozen her off from the world.
She couldn’t take him to a hospital. Once, she had tried to explain to the men in white coats; she had tried to show them. . . . She hadn’t tried again. The darkness inside her shifted at the memory.
This man knew everything already. He had no need to come at her with needles and shocks. She removed his eyeglasses and tucked them into his pocket. Determination stiffened her spine, and she lifted the man more gently than she’d dealt with the—what had he called them?—the ferales.
Fresh blood pooled in the tear of his coat and spattered over her. She had to save him. He could tell her what she was; he could tell her why the most horrific monsters in the city cried out and fled from her.
A peculiar warmth trickled through her. It was not the pathway of his blood—she was familiar enough with that sensation. This was different and long forgotten.
She was not alone.
A passing vehicle blared at her as she darted across the street, the man an unwieldy weight across her shoulders. Fortunately, the people of the city would notice only that she was small and her burden was large, and they would not imagine she could carry a full-grown man. They would remember, perhaps, a woman carrying a sack of laundry.
Delusions were so lovely.
She had roamed far tonight from her usual haunts. Now she knew why. God had finally taken pity on her and led her to this man who did not scream at monsters—monsters like her.
Fortitude carried her, and she carried the man, although his sliding weight tugged her collar tight until she choked and her limp turned to a stagger by the time she crept down the stairs to her basement hideaway.
She maintained a careful disguise of withered leaves and soft moss on the concrete steps—not so mussed that anyone felt obliged to come down and sweep, but not so tidy that they might think the area in use. The rust on the old lock resisted even a determined tug, but it yielded to her hand. She tugged it into place behind them.
When she faced the room, though, her remaining strength drained away. It was a pit, a cold grave lacking even the comforts of a proper casket. The mattress had been disgusting long before she salvaged it. She couldn’t lay him there, but the cracked floor was worse.
Perhaps he would have preferred to bleed to death in the alley.
But since he was insensible, he had no say. With quick, cautious hands, she eased him out of his coat and shirt. His breath caught once, when she slipped the sleeve off his bitten arm, but he did not rouse.
There was so much blood. In the dark hours of winter, when memories rose chill as hoarfrost out of nothing, she sometimes remembered long-ago sermons on the blandishments of the devil. They’d neglected to mention the piercing teeth.
She ripped the lower panel of her skirt and used the thin fabric to clean him. After she drained the last of the jug of water she’d stolen from an unwatchful delivery man, the wounds were open and, she saw at last, not fatal. Though painful and messy, they were not fatal.
The thick pad of muscle had protected him. He was not as tall as most men seemed to be these days, which was just as well considering how far she had carried him. But the calculated breadth of his shoulders told her he had considered the shortcoming and compensated.
She realized she’d let her hands linger on those shoulders and forced herself to move on.
With the last unbloodied corner of her shift, she brushed away a thick russet lock of his hair and swabbed his forehead. Her dirty heel had left a smear when she’d kicked him. She wished she’d thought that through first, but the devils—the ferales—had been there, and she hadn’t wanted him in the way.
At least she’d made sure to temper the kick so she hadn’t lashed his head off his shoulders, which happened sometimes with the ferales. If he complained of a headache, she’d have to tell him that.
She contemplated the man’s face. He had labored to make his body hard, but even the slight crookedness of his nose—a natural flaw, she decided; he had never been hit—couldn’t disguise his boyish handsomeness. Though tightened with pain, the lines of his mouth arched in a way that beckoned her to touch.
She slowed the stroke of the rag, almost giving in. He wouldn’t know. She would need only one quick brush of her fingertip across his lower lip to discover if his lips were as soft and giving as she imagined.
She reached for him, though not with her finger. Instead, she leaned down so her mouth hovered above his. The scent of his bared skin—something both turbulent and steadfast, like the place where the wind over the lake lashed the steel seawalls—roused her senses, and she shivered as if caught in that wild, breathtaking storm.
All night she’d been irresistibly drawn to the alley—to him—and the compulsion ached within her still. It had been so long, so long since she had touched or been touched. One kiss was all she needed; one sweet memory and maybe she would forget the screams, for this night at least. She tilted her head and touched her lips to his.
Just as he opened his eyes.


Read all of DARKNESS UNDONE now:

Amazon 
Book Depository
Barnes & Noble
Powell’s Books
Indie Bound
Indigo Books
Blackstone Audio

“Slade’s plot packs plenty of action…in a group of forceful personalities.”
– Publishers Weekly 

“[A] fish-out-of-water story that keeps a rapid pace, delivering a strong plot, enjoyable characters and a stunning world.”
–RT Book Reviews, 4 Stars




About Jessa Slade

Jessa Slade is a blatant space captain groupie. Give her a hot ship and a cool stare and she swoons. To this day, say Firefly around her and she cries. She likes to quote Han Solo, giggle at Kirk's shirts, and harbors a soft spot (in the head) for Buck Rogers. Shameless, I tell you. You can often find her goofing off online.

Website: www.JessaSlade.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/JessaSlade
Twitter: www.twitter.com/JessaSlade
Goodreads: www.goodreads.com/JessaSlade
Pinterest: www.pinterest.com/Jessaslade

Marked Souls Series


Read the first chapters of all the Marked Souls novels at JessaSlade.com

Jessa Slade’s books are available at:

Amazon
Barnes & Noble
Powell’s Books
Indigo Books
Book Depository
Books-A-Million
Indie Bound

And coming in August from Harlequin Nocturne Cravings, the first story of the Steel-Born Fey
DARK HUNTER’S TOUCH


For the latest news on upcoming releases, subscribe to Jessa’s newsletter.




Acknowledgements

From Erin:
When I was a teenager, I played Deanna Troi in my family's holiday production, Star Trek: The Search for Christmas Spirit. I emoted a lot, and I'm told, very convincingly. My big sister was Guinan; she wore a salad bowl draped with a bed sheet on her head. Yeah, that's how my family rolls. Growing up, I was steeped in all things speculative, and I loved every minute of it. The abundance of possibilities for the imagination fuels my writing today. First and foremost, thank you to my mom, dad, brothers and sisters, who introduced me to so many great worlds. And to Jessa Slade and KC Klein for helping me explore one of my own here.

From KC:
First and foremost, I have to thank my family. Without their love and support (and understanding of why mommy has to stay up in her room all weekend) I would be a lesser person. I also want to thank all the wonderfully supportive authors on the IndieRomanceInk writers loop. Their wealth of information and support in all things indie-publishing gave me the courage to strike out on my own. I have to thank, Matt Ellison for our super cool HOTTER ON THE EDGE website. I'd still be floundering in the dark if it wasn't for my wonderful critique partner and all together good friend, Erin Kellison. I also need to give a bow to Jessa Slade for her hard work on our awesome cover and for her "whipcha" attitude that kept us all on track. Thank you both for allowing me to be a part of this exciting project. 

From Jessa:
Writers spend a lot of time alone at their computers, but we aren't really alone. I want to thank my family for cheering enthusiastically, no matter what I do. (Unconditional love is an amazing force.) I also want to thank fellow authors Delilah Marvelle and Cathryn Cade, cool ladies who spiced up my love scenes, and Marie Force, who doesn't know me but who shared her self publishing journey and made me want to check it out. And extra huge thanks to Erin Kellison and KC Klein whose invitation to be part of an anthology made this story jump into my head. Plot bunnies in space!
