CONTENTS
CHAPTER 1: HOW DID I END UP HERE?
CHAPTER 2: BRITNEY
CHAPTER 3: FEMINIST
CHAPTER 4: FRIDAY NIGHT
CHAPTER 5: SATURDAY
CHAPTER 6: SEXY TIMES
CHAPTER 7: SUNDAY
CHAPTER 8: UNEXPECTED SURPRISE
CHAPTER 9: FIRST KISS
CHAPTER 10: BITTERNESS
CHAPTER 11: EASY COME, EASY GO
CHAPTER 12: HORSE RACE
CHAPTER 13: ROAD TRIP
CHAPTER 14: WHAT DOES MAKING LOVE EVEN MEAN?
CHAPTER 15: NEW INTEREST
CHAPTER 16: BOYS NIGHT
CHAPTER 17: GETTING TO THE TARGET
CHAPTER 18: THREE-WAY ROAD
CHAPTER 19: DO I HAVE TO?
CHAPTER 20: LEARNING A NEW SKILL
CHAPTER 21: CHICKEN WINGS
CHAPTER 22: FRIENDLY LUNCH
CHAPTER 23: GIFT
CHAPTER 24: MY EYES ARE OPEN
CHAPTER 25: PERFECT COMPANION
CHAPTER 26: WHAT SHOULD I DO?
CHAPTER 27: DINNER WITH THE DEVIL
CHAPTER 28: AMAZING DATE
CHAPTER 29: SWEETEST PAIN
CHAPTER 30: PAYBACK 
CHAPTER 31: WHAT TO DO?
CHAPTER 32: NEW ME 
CHAPTER 33: PUBLIC HOLIDAY
How to Play the Game: My Rookie Mistake 
By DK Fire
Published by DK Fire at Smashwords
Copyright 2017 DK Fire

*******************************************************************************************************
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
**************************************************************************************************************************************














How did I end up here?

“Get the hell out of my house!” an angry male voice echoes in my ears.
“What did you do to my daughter, you dirty bastard!? You got her drunk so you can take advantage of her? You prick!” I can still hear the annoying lady’s voice.

I can’t believe this is where I find myself –naked on the street, trying to pull on my pants as quickly as I can.

The evening started out so promising. Drinks after work and flirting all night with Tiffany. She looked good tonight; a low-cut top that showed her full breasts and short skirt. I was in the zone. I should have known better though, I mean, she brought me to her parent’s house. Quick excursions around the house quickly lead us to the steamy kitchen. We couldn’t hold back anymore; I needed to have her right there. Passionate kisses quickly changed to an intense thrusting until the loud, unceremonious entrance of her parents who’d just returned from a 70’s concert. And that was that.

I finally manage to get my legs into my pants –will have to go commando. My boxers left on the kitchen floor. A nice souvenir for her. I put on my suit jacket over my bare torso; my dress shirt is nowhere to be found.

I walk towards my baby, the one that has never done me wrong, the one that will always be there for me no matter what, the one that will always makes me happy–my ScarJo, Subaru WRX STI.

I get in and finally breathe out. God this was stressful! Thankfully, I was quick enough to grab my phone. The light from the screen blinds my eyes.

“I’m so sorry; this was so embarrassing! I would really love to see you again. I’ve had tons of fun, and I hope you can forgive me, and we can continue our introduction in a hotel next time” A message from Tiffany.  I’m definitely in! God, I’m good!

I start up ScarJo; her engine sound is the music to my ear. It’s time for me to get to my apartment and get some much sleep. It’s Britney’s last day tomorrow, and I still haven’t properly introduced myself to her. I need to get inside her before it’s too late.

I love driving at night - even the air feels fresher when the streets are empty. Come on ScarJo, let’s see what we’ve got, I push on the gas and get lost in speed.
“Oh no! What’s wrong baby? I don’t like the sound you are making!” My steering wheel is shaking. This doesn’t seem right. I need to take her to the nearest auto shop as soon as possible.

“Hang on! We will get you fixed.” My friend Google will help me find something. Darn it! I wish it wasn’t so late!
Oh here we go, the only auto shop that is open at this time, and it’s not far from here. God must love me a lot!

I pull into the shop, but no one seems to be around. This is just great; my car won’t get serviced today. Damn! 
I finally spot a figure inside.
“Hey dude, I need to service my car.” I approach a young guy wearing the mechanic uniform and baseball cap.
“Hey mate, you will have to wait until I’m finished here” a soft girls voice responds. The mechanic turns to me...
“Oh shit! My bad...you are a girl, I couldn’t tell from behind. I thought you were a bit small for being a mechanic.”
“Yeah, whatever man...” Her words didn’t match her body. “You are going have to wait for a bit, I’m just going to finish with this car.” She points at the parked Honda Civic.
“Right...are you sure you know what you are doing?” I make an assumption, and this tomboy looks like she’s about 18 or so.  How much does she even know about cars?

She shifts her eyes on me, and I swear to God, I feel like she’s about to slap or kick me in the nuts. Her eyes look angry which for some reason makes her look cute.

“Whatever, you can go somewhere else if you like, I don’t need to waste my time on you, on your WRX.”
Well, at least she can distinguish Subaru from Mitsubishi.

“How long will it take to get it fixed?”
“As long as I need.”
“Great...” What a sassy little...
“You can go home or to the clothing store to get yourself a shirt, I can call you when it’s done.” she says while inspecting Honda.

Is she flirting with me? Asking for my number? She is so not my type. Her face is all dirty from grease, and I can only imagine how bad she smells. Wouldn’t be surprised if she’s got short hair underneath that cap...And God, look at the baggy uniform!

“Are you deaf?”
“What?”
“I asked if you want me to let you know when I’m finished with your car.”
“Are you allowed to talk to the customers this way?”
“Whatever.” she continues working on the Honda.
“Fine. Yeah, give me a buzz when you finish.”
“Please?”
“Please what?”
“Give me a call please?” she corrects me, and I’m ready to walk out of this stupid auto shop.

This night just can’t get any worse! Jeez, who does she think she is? I’m going to vomit. But I have no choice but to obey her if I need my baby fixed.

“Yes, give me a call please when you finish.”
“With pleasure,” she says with sarcasm.
“Are you going to write down my number or what?”
“I’m a bit busy right now, as you can see. Just write it down, there are pen and paper at the cashier desk.”

I roll my eyes; I can’t believe this audacious teenager.
I should get out of here. After writing my number on a piece of paper, I walk out without saying goodbye. It’s time for me to order an Uber.

Two minutes later, I’m in the car reflecting on a day. Damn, those were good boxers that I left behind at Tiffany’s parents place. Oh...and my dress shirt, that is tailored made in Thailand. Tiffany’s dad is probably burning my belongings right now.

Not even 10 minutes into my ride, I receive a phone call from unknown number.
“Hello...” I answer the phone in a baritone voice.
“Hey, your car is ready.”
“Who’s this?” I know exactly who it is, but I chose to play a little
“The mechanic from the auto shop.” Sassy’s girl voice responds.
“It’s ready already?”
“Are you deaf? I said it was ready!”
“Jeez...alright, I’ll be there in a few minutes.”

She’s so rude, unbelievable! I can’t wait to get my car. I hope I’ll never run into that creature again.  I politely ask the driver to turn around and drive back to the auto shop. Twenty dollars later, I’m back where I started.

“Here,” she hands me the key for the car. “It’s ready.”
“Perfect.” I reply
“You are welcome.”
God, please give me patience!
She hands me in the bill. What??? I can’t believe this!

“No freaking way I’m paying you $450! This is a total robbery! You can’t be billing me for almost $500! I need to speak to your manager because this is ridiculous!”
“I had to replace a part and change the oil,” she continues calmly when I’m so furious and ready to blow up.
“I’m not paying that! I’m not going to be scammed by some teenager.”
“You better pay!!” she yells.
“No, I won’t! And you can fight it if you want! I will see you in court!” This is ridiculous, I’m not getting ripped off by some impudent girl who has no idea what she is doing.
I turn my back to her and start to walk away when I feel her grip on my forearm. I didn’t expect an attack.

“Let go of me!” I abruptly pull my arms.
“You are not going anywhere until you pay your bill!” she screams and tries to stop me one more time. And at this point I have run out of patience, I try to gently push her away, but instead, I pull her in. Our eyes meet, and our noses almost touch, that’s when I notice her full lips, they were hidden before by the black marks of grease on her face. An instinct and hormones within me are starting to rise, and I lean over to her.
Hard, loud slap follows.

“What the hell are you doing? You’re a dickhead!” she yells from the top of her lungs.
“Nothing.” I brush off my clothes, making sure no grease stains are left on my expensive suit jacket.
“I’m out of here!”

Without looking at her or paying the bill, I get into the car and drive off.
I can’t believe this just happened. What the hell was back there? Why did I even lean over to her? So mad about my actions! Must be my blue balls talking.

The wheel is not shaking anymore, and the ride feels smoother. Wonder what she did? Maybe I should have paid the bill...ah...whatever...I need to get home already. I’m sure she overcharged me anyway. I shouldn’t encourage crook like behavior. With my guilty conscious being tucked away underneath my perfection, I press on a gas and direct my baby home.

As I get through the door of my loft, my cell phone rings. Damn! I just remembered I left my phone number with that mechanic girl! She will probably start harassing me! When I look at the screen, I breathe out with relief.

“Hey mom.”
“Hi, Justin! What’s up?”
“I don’t know; you called me” I turn on the light in the hallway and head straight for the fridge, I need to get myself a cold beer, I deserve one.
“Don’t speak to your mother in that tone.”
I extend my hand away from my ear as mom’s voice deafens me.
“Sorry.”
“Anyway, so what’s happening on Sunday? Are you coming over for dinner?”
“Wouldn’t miss it.” I say sarcastically and take a sip of my beer
“Are you are going to be by yourself? Or are you bringing someone?”
“Who would I bring?” I frown.
“I don’t know...maybe a girlfriend.”
“I have way too many to choose from. Anyway, I gotta go now, it’s getting late, and I need to get to bed.”
“Ok, sweetheart...you have a good night.”
Hell, I already did!
“Yes, thank-you mom” I smile and hang up the phone.

I quickly down my beer and jump in the shower.
While in bed I keep thinking about today and somehow my thought are keep getting traced back to that girl in the auto shop, not even thoughts of hot sex with Tiffany can erase the image of that girl’s face. Ha...Tiffany, though, totally hot! It was her last day in the office, and I probably won’t see her again. I need to switch my focus to Britney, her last day is tomorrow, and I can’t let the opportunity slip away.

Britney

“So how did yesterday go?” Chris asks me referring to my time with Tiffany.
“Oh man! Do I have a story to tell ya…” I respond while fixing my cereal in the office kitchen.
“Please spill the beans.”
“Her parents walked on us having...sex” I whisper the word sex as if suspecting that someone is listening.
“You must be joking...well I guess I’m 32 and all the girls I hang out with don’t live with their parents...actually scratch that...who am I lying to? I’m married and been with the same person for about ten years.”
“10 years eh? That’s a long time! Have no idea how you don’t get bored!” I scan Chris’s hair, he has it nicely slicked to the side. I like his skinny black tie, nice touch.
“No man. I might sound corny, but when you meet the one, you won’t want to sleep around.” he smiles and shows off his white teeth.

Frankly, I don’t believe “the one” bullshit. I think it was made up by women so that they can keep their men on a tight leash.
“Right.” I don’t argue and pretend to believe him.
“So what’s next?” Chris asks while taking a seat at the kitchen table since we still have few minutes to catch up before starting our work day.

“Going to ask Britney out for drinks tonight,” I say with the smirk. “Her last day today.”
“Oh, of course, I should have known.”
“Ha...I know...anyway, we will see how I go, just hope she doesn’t live with her parents.” I laugh.
“No kidding.”

I quickly finish my cereal and down my coffee.

“Oh hey guys!” Fine looking blonde Britney makes her grand entrance into the kitchen.
“Hey.” Chris responds shyly “anyway, I better get back to work now” He tactfully gets up and leaves.
“How are you, Justin?” Britney raises her eyebrow, and her face expresses desire. I can’t wait to be alone with her. Can’t wait to grab onto those big tits and lick the hell out of them.

“I’m well, thank you for asking” Look at those perfectly shaped butt cheeks. I can’t wait to caress them.
“Your last day is today?” Last day for you, perfect time for me.
“Technically is, but I need to briefly come in tomorrow.”
“Are you having drinks after work?” I ask trying to keep my eyes on her face and not her jugs.
“Yeah, I think we gonna go to the Met. You are welcome to join.” she winks.

Hell yeah I’m going, even if I wasn’t invited. I can’t wait to get with you tonight.
“That’s cool.”
“Are you going to come?”
You have no idea baby, and I will be coming all over you.
“Not sure yet. It’s getting busy at work.” I keep my cool.
“Well, I hope to see you there,” she says flirtatiously, and I suddenly have a flash-forward of the evening with my dick in her mouth.
“I will try my best.”

I stand up and come up to Britney close enough to smell her fruity perfume.
“You have a good day.” I smile and tap her on a shoulder.
“Yes, you too.”

Oh, I will, can’t wait till the work day is over. It’s going to be a long day of answering the emails and sucking up to the management. Sometimes I can’t believe how much longer I will be slaving myself until becoming a senior associate at this firm. Probably another two years, and then another ten until making a partner. Oh well...at least my journey won’t be boring with all the women coming and going through the firm, and my dick is going in and out through their pussies.  They can’t resist my looks–blonde hair slicked to the side, defined jaw line and gray eyes. Women dig it.

I look at my watch, and it’s close to 6 pm. Britney left with the girls already. I need to time my appearance. I don’t want this evening to get out of hand. I just want to get inside Britney.

And this annoying number from auto shop keeps calling me. That girl mechanic wants me to pay my bill. Heck, she isn't getting my money. I block the number, so I won’t be bothered anymore and can enjoy my evening with Britney.

One drink for me and a few for Britney, and we are driving over to her place. Didn’t take her long to invite me over for a “cup of tea.”

“So this is where you live…” I say as we enter her premises.
“Yeah, bought this one bedroom, I needed to get out of my parents' place.” She smiles while taking off her high heel stilettos and showing me inside.
Thank God she doesn’t live with her parents.

“It’s nice,” I say as I scan my surroundings. Nice size living room. Her living room walls are filled with an inspirational writings pictures, and I want to roll my eyes, but instead, I pretend to be interested and not judge.

Britney offers me a beer, and I politely reject it since I’m driving. As of this moment, I want us to get down to business, or better say, for me to go down on Britney.
She hands me the glass of water and sits next to me. I look at her cock-sucking lips and pray to God that she will occupy them with my dick and not empty conversation on the topic that I don’t give a shit about.

After sipping on her wine, she licks her upper lip, and it’s time. I shift closer and look her right in the eyes in an attempt to create that “fake” magical moment that all women sought for.
I put my glass of water on the table and lean over to her. I gently lock her face in my hands. I softly touch her lips with my thumb. They are just as warm and ready for some actions as my cock is.

I enter her mouth confidently, and my tongue skillfully moves around. Without hesitation, I sneak my hand underneath her dress and feel her silky underwear. There is no resistance, so I move her underwear to the side and prepare my index finger for penetration.

My fingers get wrapped in warming moisture of her insides. I move faster and faster her mouth opens wider and wider as if begging for more. She unbuckles my belt. Yeah, baby, come on, you go!

Her hand slips inside my underwear and reaches out for my full aroused cock. As she strokes it back and forth, I try to locate her g-spot with my fingers. Here it is. She can’t help but moan.
She bends her head down as I pull her hair back and consumes my penis with her mouth.
Very tenderly I move her head up and down, and we both catch the rhythm.

To my disappointment, however, she quickly stops the blowjob ritual and says,
“Go down on me.”
It’s not a question; it’s an order.
I give her a convincing smile as if eating out pussy is my favorite item on a menu.
I sit her down on the couch, pull her dress up and remove her silky underwear. Her pussy is wet and ready for some tongue action.

As I make my rounds with my tongue between her pussy lips she whispers,
“Eat my ass.”
“Wait, what?” She catches me off guard, and I’m stunned by her request.
“Eat my ass,” she says it in a sexual way, and I’m left with no choice but to explore a more localized area of the butt. I dive right in and eat it like an apple fritter.

Her moaning and body trembling gets me hard in an instant. I enter her pulsating with desire pussy and fuck her hard until dawn.

Feminist

My alarm goes off right at 7 am, and I can barely open my eyes. Perfect, only 4 hours of sleep for me. That’s what I get for lasting almost three hours last night. It was a bit strange, kind of hard for me to finish. Not sure what the problem is, Britney is hot and has everything going for her.

I hope I’m not getting bored of sex. I brush off this depressing thought and make myself a strong French press coffee, which will hopefully get me through the morning.

It’s so warm outside, perfect weather for shorts and t-shirt, but I’m forced to wear a suit every single day. It’s starting to get to me.
I start my WRX and put the radio on in an attempt to keep myself awake through the long journey to the office.

While driving, I’m starting to think of my next target. Tiffany and Britney are now gone. Who shall I pick next? That’s the million dollar question.
Suddenly, my smooth journey is interrupted by the huge traffic jam.

You must be joking? I am going to be late, and that makes me angry. I’m always on time. This road never gets congested, and I wonder if there is an accident.

After sending an email to my team informing them that I will be late, I call the office and speak to Human Resources.

“That’s not a problem, Justin.” The soft voice of Sarah comforts me. “I know the traffic is brutal today. There is a protest happening…”
“Protest? Are you serious?”
I should know these things, but I didn’t get a chance to check up on the news this morning.
“Yeah, something about equal pay in the workforce.”
“Great.”
“Yeah…Anyway, take your time, don’t worry, you are not the only one who’s running late.”
Sarah’s sweet voice makes me curious. Maybe she can be my next target? Wonder how shy she is? But do I want to go there, considering she works in HR, it can be a bit dangerous?
“Thanks, Sarah, I will see you later.” I hung up the phone.

I should probably get her a coffee one day or something and see if I can break the ice.

Looking over at the heavy traffic ahead, I make an executive decision to park my car and wait it out until this craziness is done. Besides, I could use another cup of coffee.

I turn my wheel and direct my car into a quiet street. As I prepare my car for parking, I hear a bang. I look at my rear side mirror, and there she is standing behind my car.
I’m pissed.

“What the fuck are you doing?” I yell and stop my car to get out.
“Recognize me?”
“Yeah. I guess. You can’t just be banging on people’s car.”
“I hardly touched your bucket, don’t be so sensitive.”
“Whatever.” I breathed out heavily. I should’ve known she would be here. Of course, marching for the equal pay in her baggy jeans, oversized shirt, and a baseball cap.
“You haven’t paid your bill!” she shouts at me.
“So?”
“You have to pay for the work.”
“God damn it! You looked at my car for 30 seconds.”
“I fixed it!” she screams.

This day just can’t get any worse.
“Whatever…are you following me or something?” I’m getting impatient. “This is called harassment!”
“I’m not following you! I need you to pay your bill.”

She’s getting on my nerves now. It’s not that I don’t have $500, it’s the matter of principle, she doesn’t deserve to be paid so much for 20 minutes of work.

“I’m not paying it,” I say sharply and inch forward towards the car. I have to get out of here.
But she’s not letting it go, just before I get inside the car, she roughly digs into my forearm and tries to stop me. Even though her frame is quite petite, her grip is strong.
“Let go of me!” I pull my forearm away.

She doesn’t give up and tries my other arm when I hear the painful sounds of my stitches ripping, and my expensive suit jacket gets ruined. That completely sends me over the edge.
I look at her with my angry eyes and unexpectedly grab both of her tiny wrists and press her body against my car. I block her escape with my muscular torso, and she’s got nowhere to run.
I stare at her green eyes, and sudden excitement runs through me. I can smell the scent of her youthful, flawless skin.

“What’s wrong with you?” I whisper while glaring at her intensely. She’s silent, still baffled and in a state of a shock. I can’t help but to move my head down and persuade her innocent lips. I lock them in, at first hesitant and timid, she partially opens her mouth and lets my tongue in. I can hardly control my actions.

But a hard kick to my balls quickly gets me in line. I hadn't experienced this kind of a pain since grade eight when I ran a marathon without boxers, and after I had reached the finish line, I thought my testicles were going to fall off.

My body squirms in an excruciating pain forcing me to let her go and almost collapse on the ground.

“FUCK!” I force out.
“Did you like that?” she mocks me while looking down at me, enjoying seeing me in agony.
“Why the hell did you do that?”
“Next time you won’t touch me” she grins and runs off.

With the great effort, I climb into my car and throw my ripped suit jacket onto the passenger seat. Fucking hell! I put my head on the steering wheel and take a minute to think.

I think I’m going crazy. WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT BACK THERE? I’m losing it completely. I don’t think with my head anymore; it’s all about my dick. I should see a specialist about this. Maybe I can ask my mom to refer me to her shrink? I might be a sex maniac and a complete idiot.  This girl might be under age and could easily report me for assault, and that would end my career.
I start the car and aggressively push on the gas. I need to take a ride, I turn into the opposite direction of the traffic and drive my car onto the highway. I need some speed to help me clear my head.

What is it about her that drives me so crazy? Her ugly clothes or her baseball cap? Tomboys never attracted me before. What if I’m into men now? ARGH….Jeez, fucking Christ she’s SO not my type! WHAT IS IT THEN? Maybe I should go in and pay that damn bill to end this misery and pray to God that I won’t run into her again.

Deep down I know what this is all about, it’s her innocence and purity that I’m drawn to. But what if it’s just her cover? For all I know, she might be working as a hooker late at night.

Out of anger, I bang on my steering wheel. I need to pull it together.
With my rage building up inside me, I don’t notice how I go over the speed limit. I hear the siren behind me. Great, now I’m getting pulled over by a cop. What else will I have to face with today?

I finally arrive to the office with a $300 speeding ticket. I can’t believe that girl just cost me almost $800; her bill for fixing my car, and now this speeding ticket. Of course, I can’t forget about my awesome expensive suit jacket that I will need to get to the tailor to have it fixed.

As I walk to the kitchen, I see Britney standing in front of the fridge. She bends over, and I scan her appetizing ass. She’s just casually packing her lunch. She looks over at me and bats her long eyelashes. I give her a smile. It’s funny how casual we are, considering that just last night our private parts were in each other’s faces.

“Hello there,” she tries to put on her sexy voice, and it sounds so fake. I gaze at her face and only now realize that her eyelashes are fake and about to come undone. Wonder what else is fake on her? Her tits felt real but who knows. I should probably be careful when I pull down on her hair extensions next time, don’t want it to come off unexpectedly.

I put my hand on my forehead to make sure I’m not sick, why am I noticing this stuff now? Who cares if she looks plastic and fake, she’s a great fuck.

“Justin, are you there?” she waves her hand in front of me.
“What?”
“Are you alright?” she asks and puts her hand on my shoulder.
“Yeah I’m fine, sorry” I need to concentrate. “Did you say something?” I try to give her my charming smile.
“I can’t believe you didn’t hear me.”
“Yes, I’m sorry, just didn’t have a good day…”
“Oh really, what happened?”
“I got a speeding ticket.” and got kicked in the nuts.
“Oh shit!”
“It’s ok...so what were you saying?”
“I said that I have a little surprise for you.” she winks.
God, please don’t tell me you are pregnant.

“Oh yah?” I try to keep my cool.
“Aren’t you surprised to see me here?” she seductively walks my direction.
“A little bit?” That's a good question; I thought her contract was done.
“My contract was extended, so I will be working here for another year…”

Great! Fantastic! Why don’t I just hang myself by my nuts and get it over with? What else is going to happen today?

“Right on!” I pretend to sound excited.
“So maybe we can spend more time with each other?” she stands right in front of me and puts her naughty hand on my package, she slightly moves her hand up and down, and it doesn’t take me long to get a partial boner.

“Oh hey, guys.”

Britney jumps off almost across the room from me as one of the partners walks into the kitchen. I quickly turn to the sink in an attempt to hide my erection.

“Hello Martin.” I turn on the tap; I would definitely like to use some cold water on my cock right now.
“Hi Justin.”
“Anyway, I gotta get back to work.” Britney waves at us and disappears in the hallway. Thanks for leaving me here by myself.
“Everything is good?” Martin asks
I nod.
“Do you mind?” Martin points at the sink “I need to wash my hands.”
I glimpse down at my package, and I’m safe to get back to my desk.
“All yours.” I awkwardly move to the left.


Friday night

Finally, the work day is over, and I’m getting excited for some drinks with the boys. I tried my best today to hide from Britney. I need a break from her, and I can’t believe she will be working on the same floor as me. Why did I have shit where I eat?

One last email sent, and it’s time for me to wrap up. First, a couple of drinks at the bar downstairs and then see where the night takes us.

“Hey man…” I answer my phone
“Hey, lover boy! What’s shaking?” Nick asks.

Nick and I go a long way back–he’s been my best friend since junior high. We always have fun together and know each other well. He’s just finishing up his business degree, and then he wants to go and travel, kudos to him.
“Not much. Just finishing up, then quick drink with the partners downstairs and then I’m ready. So where are we heading tonight?”
“Don’t know, it’s a Friday night; skirts up, tits out.”
“Hell yeah!” I laugh.
“Maybe Argyle? There is always a lot to choose from in that place.”
“True.” I picked a hot chick over at that bar couple of weeks back.
“Yeah let’s do it, man! Gotta go now!” I hung up the phone.

I keep checking my watch while trying to finish my last drink and boring conversation with one of the partners. There is nothing interesting for me here, no girls to look at.  I’m trying my best not to zone out while one of the senior partners is talking about something.

“That’s great Charles” I take my last sip.  “It’s getting late now… I should get going.”
“God, Jeez…it’s still early. Going to the club or something?” Charles asks
“Yeah, why not? It’s Friday night.” I admit
“Totally…have fun while you can, cause once you're married, it’s all over” he laughs with his mouth open.

That’s exactly the reason, why I will never settle down. I see too many of unhappy husbands at my law firm, always so preoccupied with kids, or wives that don’t put out.  No, thank you!

“What took you so long?” Nick asks while standing outside the Argyle.
“Sorry man, some people just like to talk” I get my wallet ready and make sure I have enough cash for our cover.
“Wow, it’s getting busy!” I say as I scan all the women that are lining up to get inside the bar.
“Hopefully, we can get in,” Nick says anxiously.
“Don’t worry man…I got it”

I make my way right to the front of the line and speak to my security buddy. I know all of the important people in the city. My security friend lets us in right away after I sneak in $100 bill in his jacket pocket. It has been an expensive week for me!

“Is Sean coming?” I ask Nick as we enter the club.
“Who the fuck knows, the guy is always late. He’ll text me when he’s here” Nick responds.

The club is electric tonight, and everyone is feeding off the smiles and fast dancing. I glimpse around; good vibes flow like a good virus. There is love in the air all hyped up and ready to give us a good time, and I can’t help but smile. This music is bringing me higher. I probably need another drink, so I don’t lose my buzz.

“Do you want a drink?” I yell in Nick’s ear.
“Yeah, I will have a beer.”
“You got it!” I tap him on a shoulder and make my way to the bar.  As I look at the girls, I’m starting to realize how they all look alike, like creepy clones from some horror movie. Thank God, they are all wearing different clothes otherwise I would have thought there was a glitch in the matrix.
What’s wrong with me? When will my old self be back? I used to get excited by all the tits and asses, but now I don’t seem to care. I need to start drinking heavily.

I try to squeeze my way through people pushing and yelling, trying to move their clumsy bodies into the rhythm. I endeavor to find an opening so I can make my way to the bar. Someone pushes me to the right, and as I struggle to find my balance, I catch the glimpse of the real beauty. I move forward to see her closely. Her hair is deep hues of fierce crimson against her radiant face. Her smile is warm with a hint of shyness, and her lips look like a frozen rose, dangerous but beautiful. I’m mesmerized by her creamy smooth skin. She looks so delicate. Under my gaze, she doesn’t withdraw or flinch as if she knows me already. She’s not making a step forward, so I need to get to her right away. I’m concentrated on the fitted lace blue dress she’s wearing, as my eyes guide me through the darkness right to her arms.

The distance between us is getting smaller, and I almost reach her when a rough tap on my back distracts me.
“Hey man, time for drinks?” Sean asks me with a smile.
“Oh hey there.”

As I turn back to search for the blue dress, it suddenly disappears. I look around in a panic but can’t locate the beauty that I just saw.
“What are you looking for?” Sean asks as he sees me wiggling my head back and forth.
“Nothing.” I grunt. I make the full 360, and she’s nowhere to be found.
“Are we getting drinks or what?” Sean asks while pulling me towards the bar.
“Sure.”

With the drinks in their hands, Sean and Nick seem to be in a good spirit throwing their looks at the girls. I’m not interested in anyone, all I want is to see that blue dress again—my next target.

A few moments later we are talking to a group of women, and one of the blonde ones is throwing a sexy glare at me, but I can care less. She’s trying to tell me something, but I don’t put an effort to hear her. I’m simply not that into her. I lean over and yell,
“I can’t hear you.”

I turn to Sean, and he gives me a disapproval look.
“What’s going on man?” he murmurs.
“Nothing,” I say through my teeth. I’m still mad at Sean for ruining the moment for me with the girl in the blue dress. I want to leave now; I’m getting bored.

“I think I’m gonna get going,” I tell Sean.
“What...are you serious?”
I usually never leave a party early, but today I’m not in a mood.
I wave at Nick and shake Sean’s hand.

“I’ll see you guys later.”
“Have a good night ladies!” I smile at the group of girls.
I spot an exit and mentally prepare myself for an escape. As I push my way through drunk people to the exit, the stage by the dance floor lights up. It catches my attention, and I try to see what’s happening.

“How’s everyone doing?!” A lady in a red dress yells out.
Fabulous...what’s going on?
“Thank you all for coming, I hope everyone is having a good time!” she shouts into a microphone.

Yes, everyone is drunk. Just get to the point already. I stand in the corner to get the view of the stage.
“As you all know, two days ago we celebrated International Woman’s Day. I hope you all made your ladies happy!” She screams in a high pitched voice.
No shit, I’ve made my lady happy, I ate her ass.

“We have a little surprise for you gentlemen!”
Can’t wait, spit it out already so I can leave.
“We would like to invite you to have a dance with these beautiful ladies. Please place your bids, and all the money raised will go to the women’s shelter!”

This is bullshit. I will never pay to dance with anyone. With the corner of my eye, I catch the glimpse of blue. I open my eyes wider to make sure it’s her who’s getting on stage. Where was she all this time?

I don’t see anything around me, all I see is the lace blue dress and her long wavy crimson hair.
I squeeze through people, hitting them with my elbows, I can’t miss my dance.
Impatiently, I’m waiting my turn to place the bet on my girl. Starting bet is $50.
Ten girls later, finally it’s my time.

The lady in a red dress takes the hand of the girl in a blue dress and says,
“Let’s welcome Amelie!”
Amelie, what a charming name. Everything about her is stunning–her long legs, her beautiful shoulders. I clap my hands like a little kid at the zoo.
“And the starting bet is $50!” the MC shouts.
“$100!” I yell
“We have a bet for $100! Anyone higher than that?”
Everyone shut the fuck up!  My heart is pounding like crazy, and for a second I’m afraid it will jump out of my chest.

“$150!” A husky male voice yells from the back.
No way! I’m dancing with her tonight! Like it or not!
“200!” I continue.
“We have a bet for $200.” the entertainer gets excited and lifts up Amelie’s hand. “Anyone higher?”
No, nobody! AMELIE IS MINE.
“250!” the same voice echoes.
You must be joking?
“$300!” I don’t give up.
“$350!” that same male voice informs as if mocking me knowing how much I want to win.
Fuck this; I’m going for it!
“$1000!!!!” I shout from the top of my lungs!
“Oh my god!” the MC screams in excitement! “We have a $1000! Anyone can offer more?”
The club is quiet, and I know I won.
“Amelie will be dancing with this lovely gentleman” the MC points at me, and my face stretches into a smile when I look at Amelie’s gorgeous face. “Please get ready; the music is about to start. But first please settle your bids with me.”

I line up with the other guys to send my credit card over the limit. But I don’t mind; I’m possessed by my desire.

“What the fuck dude?” Sean runs up to me.
“What?”
“You are gonna throw away $1000?”
“I’m not throwing it away; I’m donating it to the woman’s shelter” I make my excuse.
“Fuck man, like seriously! A grand?! I will suck your dick for a grand.”
“Oh fuck off!” I push Sean away, I know he’s trying to point out what a foolish decision I’ve made.

I’m waiting like a child for the music to come on. I can’t keep my eyes off Amelie; she’s standing on the stage, waiting to fall into my arms.
A slow melody begins to play, and MC announces that it’s time for us to break in into the couples and begin our dance. My palms are getting a bit sweaty, and I watch Amelie coming down the stairs and making her way to me.

I can’t wait to place my hands on her curvy waist.
“Hello, I’m Justin,” I say hesitantly, and gently lock her hand. She smiles shyly, for some reason her smile is so native to me, so familiar.

I softly pull her in. The fragrance of her body is innocent; it’s drowning me in. I wrap my arms around her small body and enjoy the moment.
“What was your name again?” I whisper in her ear. I want to hear her say her name.
She abruptly pulls away and looks into my eyes.

“You have an idea who I am, don’t ya?”Amelie says with the voice of the tomboy girl who kicked me in the nuts a few days ago. I feel like I’ve just been shot.
“You are such a loser.” she mocks me.

WHAT AN EPIC FAIL!

Saturday

My eyes are open, I’m awake, even though I want to be dead. How could I have failed so miserably? I can’t believe I didn’t recognize the tomboy in that goddess in a blue dress. I’ll be the subject of mockery for her for the rest of her life. Fuck! She was right - I’m a fucking loser! It’s her hair that tricked me! Her beautiful hair was always hiding underneath her stupid baseball cap! And her ugly baggy clothes covered all of her appetizing assets.

Reluctantly, I roll over in my bed to reach for my phone.
“Where the hell did you go?” I read the message from Nick. Duh, obviously I had to escape home after such shame...and Amelie...Amelie...she just disappeared again... I didn’t even have time to grab her number. She just vanished into the night, and I was too stunned by my stupidity to stop her.

I drop my head on the pillow and try not to think, but all I see is her eyes that are the color of a dazzling emerald.

I have to get up and eat something. I’m an idiot! I spent $1000 last night on a dance that lasted about 30 seconds. Why didn’t I stop her when she revealed who she was? I was shocked and just got rooted to the floor. All I remember is opening and closing my mouth like a fish without saying anything. Seriously, I should just slap myself. 

I have to find her; I need to redeem myself. I want a proper dance with her and a proper kiss. She can’t trick me and run away.
I grab my phone and scroll down through my contacts; I finally find the number for the auto shop.Amelie, you are not going to get away from me, I promise you that!
“Auto Tech Automotive, Keith speaking.” A rough male voice answers. “Hello?!”
“Ummm….ummm…,” I mumble.
“Can I help you?”
“Umm…Is Amelie there?” I finally spit out.
“She’s not here. Who’s asking?”
I panic and hang up the phone. This is official; I’m turning into an obsessed teenager. What’s with AMELIE? I just have to let it go. God damn it! There are so many hot girls around, and every single one of them I can have. Why would I want to waste my time with some teenager?
I almost convinced myself that I’m free of this obsession, when the sudden flashback of her face and scent of her skin, reminds me that she’s not going anywhere.
How can I cure myself? I think I know where it’s all coming from. It’s her resistance. I need her to give in to me as soon as possible.
After the shower and breakfast, I get dressed and get into my car.
“Come on ScarJo, take me to that auto shop.”
I will pay Amelie a visit. I’m sure as soon as she sees me in my sexy jeans and t-shirt, she will be smitten. Hell, I’m a catch! She should feel privileged by the fact that I even think of her.
I put on music and concentrate on the road. As I notice the sign for the auto shop, all of my arrogant thoughts suddenly disappear, and I’m feeling hesitant and apprehensive, sort of like a rice pudding.
I’m definitely making that appointment with the shrink; I’m in need of therapy.
I pull into the parking lot, and I swear to God at this moment I can hear my heartbeat.  Must have been the strong coffee that I had this morning.
I was greeted by the big guy with the long beard as I walk inside.
“Can I help you?”
His size startles me, and I don’t seem to find words.
“I’m waiting…” The impatient guy throws my way.
I keep looking around, hoping to spot Amelie, but clearly, she’s not here.
“Ummm… Is Amelie here?” I finally manage to murmur.
“No, she’s not here” he abruptly responds. “Wait...did you call earlier today?”
“Me? No.” I lie. “Why?”
“Oh, some retard called and asked for her and then hung up.” The big guy is blunt.
“Definitely wasn’t me…” I try to turn on the lawyer in me and lie convincingly.
“Can you tell me where I can find Amelie?” I ask.
“No.”
“NO?” I’m not used hearing that answer.
“Why do you need to see her?”
Why is it any of your business? I guess I have to play by his rules if I want to get some information.
“Well...umm...well…”
“Well, what? Get to the point!” the big guy orders.
I have no choice but, to you tell the truth, I’m obsessed with Amelie, and I need to have sex with her otherwise, I will go crazy.
“Look, I would like to apologize to her.”
“For what?”
Why is he in my face so much?
“I forgot to pay my bill.”
After a long pause, the big guy goes,
“Oh, I think she told me about it...hey Keith, the douchebag that skipped on his bill is here!” he yells, and I hear a series of boots tumbling onto the floor.
“I’m standing right here!” I say unhappily; I guess good manners are not used here. 
“So?”
Jeez...just shoot me already.
The second guy whose name I assume to be Keith shows up and stands next to me. I feel that this is the end for me. Just don’t hit my face or rape my ass.
 “Hello, Keith.” I try to sound firm. “Yeah guys, look, I’m sorry that it happened this way. I want to apologize to Amelie.”
“I don’t think she needs your apologies. But we do need you to pay your bill.” the big guy laughs, and I’m tempted to stick my fist in his mouth.
“Well, I will pay the bill when I see Amelie.”
“No man, you are going to pay your bill now!” Keith taps me harshly on my shoulder. I am probably not going to get out of here alive. All this trouble for a girl, who would have thought?
“Right.” I bite my lip and squeeze my phone in my hands.
“It was $500 right?” the big guy asks.
“No, it was $450.”
“Sorry man, have to charge you a late penalty fee.”
Fucking hell! I want to run, but I know that Keith is standing behind me. Two against one, odds are not in my favor. I do feel an adrenaline rush and strong temptation to punch something or someone. But why go there?
“Totally understandable.” I squeeze through my teeth.
Fuck, just want to toss my credit card into his face. Instead, I put it on the register and wait for him to process it. Please, go ahead, rob me, cause I’m fucking rolling in it.
“All done, Justin.” The big guy hands me back my card.
“Look, I know what I did was wrong; I feel bad about it.”
“You should,” Keith grumbles.
“Fine. But can you guys tell me what days she works here?”
“She doesn't.”
“What do you mean?”
“She doesn’t work here anymore.” the big guy sticks a toothpick into his mouth.
“I guess it’s no point of me asking you for her number.”
“Yep.”
“Well can you guys maybe give her my number, I just really need to speak with her and apologize.”
I look at both of them with sincerity, hoping that my genuine request will make them understand.
“Sure, you can write it down here.” The big guy hands me in a piece of paper.
I write down my number and leave auto shop covered in “dirt” and shame. Karma is a bitch.

Sexy Times

Enough is enough; I tell myself while driving away from the shitty auto shop. No more of this crazy obsession. Analyzing everything now, I realize that I’m chasing something that doesn’t exist. Who the hell is Amelie? She’s no one to me. Empty space.
As I pull into the driveway, my phone vibrates, and I look at the message.
“Are you free tonight?” Britney’s message reads.
“Free like a bird,” I respond. I know this is exactly what I need.
After two minutes, I receive her response.
“Wanna cum over?”
“Hell ya, will be there at 7.” I type in with the speed of light.
Right at 7, I’m standing at Britney’s door, holding the flowers and a bottle of fine red. Britney is my savior she just knows what I need right now–easy, hot sex.
Britney answers the door wearing shorts that barely cover her firm sexy ass, and a white t-shirt with no bra, her nipples are hard; I can’t wait to kiss them.
“Come on in…” she invites me inside, and I get the full view of her bottom, and I want to smack it.
“Thank you.” I tail behind her.
“How was your day?” she asks while grabbing two wine glasses from the cupboard.
Fucking awful!
“Good, didn’t get to do much.” I lick my upper lip, getting ready for my performance.
“I see...” she responds while opening the bottle of wine. She fills up both of our glasses.
I get a slight taste of the wine, while Britney downs hers quickly. I know it’s time for us to get busy. As if reading my mind, she comes up to me, and I can’t wait to fuck her. I roughly grab her face and penetrate her mouth with my passionate tongue. I pull her hair back and feel her fine ass. She takes off my shirt and unzips my pants. My dick is fully erect and ready to go. I pull up her shirt and lick her full breasts; I can’t get enough of them. I want her fucking pussy right now. I strip down her shorts and feel her through wet underwear. She’s ready to go. Her t-shirt falls down, and we 're both completely naked. She lowers down and takes my entire cock into her mouth.
“Yeah baby, suck it harder.” I murmur while slightly moving her head back and forth. She looks up at me and smacks her face with my dick.
“Do you like that?” she asks while licking it like a lollipop.
“Fuck yeah.” My voice shakes from the pleasure.
“Are you ready to fuck me?” she asks while lowering her body to the doggy position. She’s waiting for me to take her.
I get down on the floor and look at her nicely shaved pussy. Britney bends her back, and I lightly caress her bottom with my dick, then slide it between her butt cheeks…Britney trembles, her body thirsts. I continue teasing her, caressing her lower back, her legs with the tip of my dick which is wet from her juices. She moans. I want her to want more, so I bend over and touch her clitoris with my tongue while touching her inner thighs tenderly.
I can see her nipples are hard. I direct my cock into her pussy and enter it slightly, just a few inches. She breathes in heavily, biting her lips. I pull out my penis a little but then suddenly plant in deep, then deeper, then again and again. With each movement, our pace becomes faster and faster. Her ass hits my thighs, and her pussy is all wet.
“Fuck me, like I'm a whore!” she yells out while panting. I want to leave her sore.
“You’re a fucking slut.” I twist her hair in my fist and pull it back.
How hot and passionate she is. A little more and my sperm begins to move, slowly rises to the head. Our thrusting is fast, very fast. Without restraining herself, she screams, her body shakes in a powerful orgasm. Slightly holding her ass, I pull out my dick and semen pours out like a powerful jet. It flies on her back, then again and again.
My knees are weak. I try to catch my breath; I fall onto my back and feel my pulse. Fucking hell, so thirsty.
“That was so good,” Britney says with a husky voice.
“Yeah, it was.”
After a few minutes, I scrape myself off her kitchen floor and head to the shower.
“Do you want me to join you?” she asks flirtatiously.
“Nah…I will be quick.” I turn her down.
After the shower, she comes up to me and says,
“You can stay here if you want.”
“Umm…I have plans in the morning, so I should get home.” I smile and kiss her forehead.
It’s time for me to get out.






Sunday

I couldn’t be happier to get a message from mom saying that the family dinner has been cancelled, but she still wants me to come over. She’s probably going to feed me, so I starve myself for the whole day.
I love our family home; it’s a three story, spacious house with enormous backyard and beautiful garden. 
“Mom!” I shout while walking through the front door.
“Oh hello darling,” Mom says while walking down the stairs. “Thanks for coming”
“No worries,” I answer and give her a hug.
I hear Madeline’s footsteps coming up from the basement. My younger sister Madeline, she’s 23. We get along most of the time.
“Hey, loser.” She gives me hi five.
“Nice to see you too,” I grumble.
“Come on kids, let’s have some lunch.”
“Where is dad?” I ask while making my way to the dining table. Mom made her signatures burgers. Love them.
“He’s golfing today.”
As we sit down and the first question my mom asks.
“So, what did you get up to this weekend? I hope my angel didn’t do anything immoral?”
I’m not sure if she's sarcastic or not.
“Oh boring…really…nothing.” I say as I bite into my burger.
Madeline downed her burger in two minutes. I was worried about her; I didn’t want her to choke.
“Hey, dude…are you dating Britney?”
And now I almost choked.
“What? What Britney?”
“Britney Blinman?”
WHAT THE FUCK?
“First of all, how do you know Britney, and secondly, I’m not dating her, let’s make that clear.”
“I went to the University with her. Well, she thinks you guys are dating.”
Must be joking? Why would she think that?
I nod my head.
“Well, she is cool.” Madeline smiles
Yeah, she is, same with her pussy, but I don’t want to date her. Jeez…
“Are you guys friends?” I need to establish it.
“We knew each other from our University days, and we also have some friends in common. So…I can see us becoming close friends.”
Happy to hear that…not…
“Blinman…that’s a very familiar last name…hey, I actually think her dad is some kind of big shot businessman. Might be helpful for your father.” Mom touches my forearm, and it’s becoming harder for me to keep my food down.
“Why are you telling me that?” I ask with anger. “I’m not going to marry her, jeez…I’ve met her like…” I try to remember how many times we fucked “…twice”
“Don’t you guys work together?”
“So? Doesn’t matter if we do…Anyway, let’s close the subject.” I put half of my burger on the plate. I lost my appetite.
Thanks guys for all the pressure. I have to do something about this situation with Britney.

Unexpected Surprise

Monday mornings are as assured as the ties and just as unstoppable. I need a few more hours of blackness. Soon there will be traffic noises, the smell of neighbors making coffee and toast. I need to move my ass and get to the office; otherwise, I will be late.

“How was your weekend?” Chris asks while pouring himself a coffee in the office kitchen.
I don’t know if I should tell him about my epic fail with Amelie.
“You know...it was alright, nothing really to report. Met up with Britney again.” I grin.
“Oh yeah, how was that?” Chris asks smiling.
“Pretty hot.” I laugh.
“Good for you, man.”
“There you are,” Fiona Todd says while walking to the kitchen. She’s a senior partner whose team I’m working on. Fiona is a 45-year-old intelligent woman with the nice body, who sounds incredibly sexy when she’s angry.
“What’s going on?” I ask her while watching Chris leave; he waves at me indicating to catch up later.
“There is a new graduate starting in Martin Steins’ group, and I told Martin that you would be able to provide the initial training.”
Thanks for volunteering me, I can’t wait.
I grab my coffee and walk behind Fiona to meet this new graduate.
To my big surprise, the new graduate turns out to be Tiffany, the girl who I had sex with in her parent’s kitchen, and whose dad almost killed me.
“Hello, Justin…” she smiles and bites her lip.
I can’t believe my luck, no more office girls, they seem to always come back and haunt me later. God is punishing me for having casual sex. Now, not only do I have to avoid Britney, but also Tiffany. Jeez...I should think with my head, not my dick.
After a long training session with Tiffany, I am exhausted, and its only early afternoon.
I decide to escape to the kitchen in the hope of some quiet time. I just want to be alone for a bit.
“How’s training going?” Fiona greets me as I enter the kitchen. She is waiting for her tea to steep. 
“Good,” I answer dryly. I want everyone to stop talking.
Tiffany shows up in the kitchen minutes later. Is she going to be stalking me around the office now?
 “Oh Hi, Fiona!” Tiffany says in a friendly tone.
“How’s everything?” Fiona asks smiling.
“Great, Justin is a great trainer.” Tiffany looks at me with her horny eyes. “Thank you again, Justin, for helping me with the court briefing. Martin was getting upset about it with me. It’s such an awful feeling when people aren’t happy with you, especially if it’s your boss or your parents.” She squints her eyes.
Is she guilt tripping me?
“That’s true,” Fiona cuts in. “Anyways, I better get back to work now.” She gets up and leaves.
Tiffany and I are alone in the kitchen, and I pray to God she will stop talking.
“How have you been?” she smiles. And I remember that I never returned her last text message.
“Good...and you?”
“Same old, keeping myself busy. My boyfriend and I were away for a few days.”
I think I just went spontaneously deaf.
“Great.” all I can say. Possibly she just got a new boyfriend in the past couple of days.
“We celebrated our 2-year anniversary.” She continues as if correcting my thought.
All I could do is to nod. I’m relieved, Tiffany is taken, and we can forget about what happened in her kitchen.
She joins me at the table and smiles. She just can’t get a hint that I want to be left alone.
“You know, I enjoyed our adventure.” She gives me a lustful look, and I feel her foot rubbing my package underneath the table.
“Ah...me too.” It’s a bit hard for me to talk as my dick is growing in my pants.
She quickly stops her cock rubbing session as we hear voices approaching the kitchen.
***
Close to 8 pm, I’m under the impression that I’m the only person left in the office. I have so much work to do, but I’m losing my concentration and just stare at my computer screen.
I hear clapping of heels and look back, and Tiffany is strutting my way.
“You still here?” she says
“I guess.” Duh...obviously I’m still here.
She sits on my desk and looks around.
“I think we might be the only ones left here.”
“Are you sure?”
I have a feeling there might be one or two lawyers still working away.
“Well in this area we are.” she smiles and looks at me.
“I wanted to apologize to you by the way, about my dad and all.”
“It’s alright.” I give her a brief smile.
“No, it’s not.”
She pulls out my chair and hides underneath my desk.
“What are you doing?”
“Come here.” she gestures me in.
I reluctantly wheel my chair toward my desk and give her the control.
The buckle on my belt is getting undone. The sound of my zipper opening up excites me. She pulls down my boxers. Very briefly she licks my balls and then gently touches the head of my cock with the tip of her tongue. Her lips are wet and warm, I stroke her hair with my hands, begging for more. She loves the feeling of my growing dick in her dirty mouth. My cock responds to every touch of her tongue. She wraps her whole mouth around my dick and moves her head slowly back and forth. My penis slides between her palate and tongue, deeper and further. She then takes it out slowly, and with the tip of her tongue moves along my dick, faster and faster like a butterfly. She takes my balls into her hands and plays with them. I’m all hers. I feel the firm circle of her lips sliding up and down along my penis. I pull on her long brown hair, and the white fountain sprays inside her mouth. She swallows everything until the last drop.
“Fuck that was good!” I say and pull up my boxers and pants, feeling content. 
Tiffany wipes off her mouth, and I help her to get up.
“That’s just a little token of appreciation for your help with the court briefing.” She says flirtatiously and waves goodbye.
Wow...I think I want to help her with court briefings every hour if that’s how much she appreciates it.
I take a few minutes before tying up my belt. Tiffany has talent; she’s great at giving a deep throat blowjob. It’s also nice that she swallows.
I look at my phone and it’s almost 9 pm, it’s time for me to get out of here. I’m about to leave when my phone rings. The unknown number displays. I don’t know if I want to answer this.
“Hello?” I’m just curious to find out who it is.
“Hey...”
My heart unexpectedly jumps, I recognize this soft voice.
“What’s going on?” my voice breaks from nervousness.
“I don’t know; you asked me to call you. What do you want?” Even though she’s trying to be rude, but any word that comes out of her mouth sounds sweet.
“Umm...yeah, I did...” I pause and don’t know what to say.
“Hello?!”
“Yes, I’m here...look...listen, Amelie...I’m sorry about that bill,” I mutter.
“Apology accepted...I guess.”
I know she’s going to hang up soon, and I can’t let her do that.
“Hey, Amelie.” I love her name so much. “Amelie...”
“Yes, I’m Amelie. What do you need?”
“Are you still raising money for women’s shelter?”
“Why?”
“I want to donate.”
“Go ahead.”
“No, I mean...I want you to donate my money...”
“What?”
Fuck, I’m totally not making any sense at all.
“Can you meet me tomorrow please?”
“No.”
“Please...I just want to umm...ask you some questions about women’s shelter and see how I can help since I’m working in a legal field.” I turn on my lawyer talk.
“I’m busy tomorrow...” she responds shortly.
“What are you doing?”
“I’m working.”
“Where?” Come on baby, just tell me where I can see you.
“Tea house on the north side.”
“Great I will see you there tomorrow” I’m afraid to lose her again. Even though I thought I forgot about her but as soon as I hear the voice, I go crazy.
“Yeah...whatever.” she finishes our short conversation and disappears again.
“Hello? Hello?” I keep repeating, but all I hear is a busy sound.

First Kiss

I’m apprehensively waiting for my lunch break and the time seems to stop. What if she won’t be there? What if she lied to me? And I don’t even have her number to confirm what time she’s working at.
At 1 pm, I make my escape from the office and try my best not to speed, but I just can wait to see Amelie.
I pull up to the tiny café huddled despondent among the huge city buildings, and I try to calm myself down. I hope she’s there.
I walk inside and unlike the outside; the interior of the café is warm and cheery, with bright lights and colorful walls. I spot Amelie right away standing behind the counter making coffee, wearing a black apron, and her beautiful red hair pulled back neatly into a bun.
I make my way to her; my heart is about to jump out. I subconsciously try to find the words to say, but as soon as I get to the counter and look at her, I’m speechless.
“Hi!” she says dryly, and I’m just staring at her without saying anything.
“You want a coffee?” And for the first time, she shows me her beautiful smile. I’m enthralled.
“Hello?!” She waves her hand in front of me. “Do you want a coffee?”
“Umm, no...” I finally mutter. “Can you take a few minutes, like for lunch or something?
“No, I can’t” she responds, not caring about hurting my feelings.
“Amelie, you can take a break, no problem, it slowed down,” An older lady who appears to be her supervisor says.
“I don’t want to take a break.” Amelie is stubborn.
“Amelie, please” I look at her with sincerity. “I will only take few minutes of your time,” I say in a convincing voice. Why is she so difficult? It’s driving me crazy.
Reluctantly and almost unwillingly she takes off her apron, and I can’t help but scan her beautiful perky breasts. I let her walk ahead and accidentally check out her ass. God damn it! Why can’t I stop thinking about sex?
As we walk outside, I ask her,
“So… is this where you work?”
“No…I just spend time here…yeah, this is where I work.” She's standoffish.
“What about the auto shop? You don’t work there anymore?”
“I never really worked there...”
“What do you mean?”
“I was filling in for someone,” she responds shortly. “What do you want?” she gets straight to the point.
“I don’t know,” I respond honestly. “I just…I don’t know…” I forget all the words.
“You don’t know?! I thought you wanted to donate to women's shelter.”
“I did, already, online.” I took the time this morning out of my busy schedule to make this donation because I knew that I couldn’t show up here empty handed.  
“Thank you, it’s great you did that,” her eyes sparkle. “So, what do you need from me then?”
“I want to ask you on a date?” I unexpectedly hear myself say.
“Ha…really?”
“Absolutely.”
“Who are you asking? Amelie–the mechanic–or Amelie–the hot girl in a blue dress?” She stops and looks at me. “Guys are so retarded, so easy to trick you. Just put on makeup, and wear push up bra and you get all the attention. Have you ever seen your women without makeup?”
“What women?”
“The ones that you sleep with.”
How does she know?
“I don’t sleep with anyone.” I lie.
“Ha…you think I’m stupid, I know guys like you, you are such players.” She looks suspiciously at me.
“No, it’s not like that,” I argue.
“Oh, whatever. Anyway, I gotta get back to work now.”
“What about a date?” I gently grab her by the forearm.
“No.”
I’m going crazy from her glare, so mysteriously beautiful.
“Why not?”
“Because I don’t like you.”
“Are you sure?” I ask and pull her in, wrap my arms around her tiny body, and look deeply into her gorgeous green eyes. Her body shivers from my touch, she’s waiting to see what will happen next. I keep looking into her eyes, cautiously, yet tenderly I lock her beautiful face in between my palms. She lays her hands on my chest like a barrier between us, not succumbing to my move, but not pushing me away. I sense the aroma of her skin, and it wakes up the desire within me.
I touch her warm, red lips with my thumb; she’s not resisting, she’s waiting for my next action. With my persistent mouth, I partially open her lips. My passionate tongue enters, and finally, there is a long-awaited meeting of our tongues, two real opposites, incomparable in its appeal. What a storm of passion her response to my kiss is raising within me, words can’t describe it!
As I get into the euphoria of our kiss…hard, unexpected slap on my cheek follows.
 “DON’T DO THAT AGAIN!” she yells at me and runs into the coffee shop.
Looking like a fool, I touch my cheek, not feeling the pain; instead, I’m smiling. She has responded to my kiss, and her response was everything I could imagine.
Through the windows of the coffee shop, I watch Amelie putting on her apron and getting back to work. Even though she’s trying to be tough, but in reality, she’s a delicate flower. Even her slap was so gentle. She has feelings for me, no doubt. Her response to my kiss was just as real as my breath. Her kiss...her kiss...shy but yet so passionate. I never experienced that before. I keep staring at Amelie through the glass window. It takes me a few minutes to look away; I need to stop that; otherwise, I will creep her out, and she will report me to the police. 
I have to get out of here, but I will come back tomorrow. I think I can do this forever; I’m willing to get slapped after each kiss as long as I get to touch her warm lips and invade her world. 
Before I leave, I quickly catch the glimpse of her beautiful face, she briefly looks at me and waves. 

Goodness, I feel like a pathetic schoolgirl, getting so excited just from catching Amelie’s eyes. Amelie turns my world upside down.  I wish I’ve had more control over my feelings, but I can’t help to desire Amelie. It’s quite possible my attraction comes from the fact that I haven’t slept with her yet. I’m sure my obsession will disappear after we have sex, because really, what do we have in common?

Bitterness


“I’m sorry about yesterday afternoon. I shouldn’t have slapped you.”
“It’s ok. I liked it.” I smile. “Can I see you again?”
“Sure. Maybe we can have lunch today?”
“Sounds good, I’ll pick you up at one?”
“See you then.” Amelie hangs up the phone, and I turn on my office computer. 
I can’t wait to get through these boring meetings. My every thought is overtaken by Amelie.
I keep looking at my watch and count hours until my lunch hour. I can’t sit still in my chair. That kiss, our first kiss. I want Amelie to be mine. She can’t escape from my claws. I will get her into my bed sooner or later. She wouldn’t be able to resist me.
I keep staring into space and imagine her. My hands on her curvy waist, my lips on her perky breasts. I want to inhale her scent. I want to cover her body with my kisses. I should stop thinking about it; otherwise, I might get a boner right in the middle of this boring meeting. 
It’s only 11 am, and I still have 2 hours to go. Wonder if Amelie is thinking about me right now? God, I’m acting like a virgin girl in love. Maybe I should take the edge off.  As soon as I think that Britney shows up at my desk, wearing a tight black dress, looking sexier than ever.
“Hello there!” she says and bends over in a pretend of picking up a pen from my desk. Her juicy ass is staring me in the face. Fuck. She’s testing my limits, trying to seduce me.
“Hi,” I say and clear my throat, wheeling my chair further away from her soft ass.
“What are you doing?”
Clearly, I’m working, and you are bothering me.
“I’m busy.” I mutter.
“Do you need any help with anything?” she asks and bites her lips. Her eyes and actions scream “give it to me,” but I have to stay strong.
“I’m fine.” I murmur and look down at my desk. Please Britney, just go away, stop putting me in a compromising position.
“You know,” She walks behind me, and puts her hand on my shoulder, “I thought, maybe you and I can go for a drive during lunch?” she winks.
“Drive? What for?”
“You know…” She licks her lip and bends over to me “maybe you are ready for some road head action.” She whispers in my ear.
The hard liquid that forms in my mouth is hard to swallow.
“That sounds good but maybe next time?” I look at her and hope that she won’t scratch my face.
“Next time?” Britney is crazily licking her teeth in a murderous sort of way, and I’m almost certain she’s going to slap me. “Fine…whatever.” she hisses, and I’m waiting for her to thrust her fangs into my neck.
“I mean, I have lots of work to do, but after work, maybe we can catch up?” I give her a plastic smile.
“Fuck you,” she murmurs in my ear and walks away.
I subconsciously say goodbye to her fine ass and wait for another hour to set myself free.
Should I pick up flowers? What would Amelie like? Roses? Daisies?
Why am I even thinking about flowers? We are not dating. Terrible! I can’t believe I turned a blowjob down from a hot slut so I can stare at some teenager that works in a coffee shop. Unbelievable! Shit!
I look at the road signs, and I’m almost there. My heart is about to pop out of my chest. I can just picture Amelie and I kissing outside that damn coffee shop.  I’m just going to go for it, even if she slaps me this time, our kiss is going to last longer than twenty seconds.
I pull into the driveway and don’t seem to able to wipe off a hideous smile off my face. I’m about to exit my car when I see a painful scene that pierces my soul to the ground.

My Amelie, my girl, is in another man’s arms. That guy, Keith from the auto shop, I recognize him. He’s holding her; he’s taken my place. She’s not opposed to it; she lets him kiss her cheek. She’s comfortable in his embrace.
A hard punch to my stomach is making it hard for me to breath. I’m ready to crush Keith’s face; I want to hit him and tell him to get his hands off my girl.
I slap my wheel with my fist but don’t feel any pain, I’m angry, I’m upset, I’m about to explode with jealousy.
I try to breathe and calm down. I need to get the fuck out of here. I harshly push on the gas and my tires screech.
I’m not sure where I’m going, I don’t care. I just want to disappear. I’m a fucking idiot! Why did I just assume she was single? Clearly, she never wanted to kiss me; I was forcing myself on to her! I’m a fucking retard, lost my mind completely. No way, no more. I have such a strong desire to punch something or someone. I don’t remember the last time I was this angry.
Without purpose, I keep driving on the highway from north to south, trying to think of the way to gain myself back.  My phone rings, and a slight hope of hearing Amelie’s voice picks through.
“Hello?” I answer.
“Hey Justin, it’s Fiona, is everything ok?”
Not really, I think I’m going crazy.
“Yes, everything is fine.”
“Are you going to come back to the office?”
“What do you mean?”
“Well it’s almost 4 o’clock, and I haven’t seen you since before lunch.”
I can’t believe it; I’ve been driving for almost 3 hours. I have to pull myself together.
“Oh, I’m so sorry Fiona, umm...I had a family emergency; I’m on the way to the office now.”
“Is everyone alright?” Fiona sounds concerned.
“Yes, all good. I will see you soon.” I hung up the phone and take the exit on the right towards downtown.

A pile of new files awaits my appearance as I get back to my desk. Fantastic! I can’t wait to spend my evening hugging new court cases. Damn you, Amelie! It’s all your fault.
Surprisingly, I was able to get through most of my work in five hours. I check my watch, and it’s past 9 pm. Time to crawl into my car and drive home.
I grab my phone and get up.
“Holy shit! You are scared me.” I say and look at Britney who magically appears out of nowhere.
“Did I?”
“Yeah, you did. My nipples stood up.” I touch my chest. “What are you doing here?”
“I don’t know if you know, but I work here.” she needles.
“I know that. Were you here since the morning?” I ask and scan her from top to bottom. Damn, she’s delicious. Those tits, that ass, I think I know exactly what I need right now.
“No, I forgot something, so I came back.” She licks her lips.
“What did you forget?”
She sits opposite from me and spreads her legs slightly. Her black dress moves upward, revealing the lace of her pantyhose. She’s not wearing any panties.
“I forgot my underwear.” she winks.
My gaze pauses on her cock sucking lips, then slides over right to her fake breasts and rushes through her thighs.
“Is anyone here?” I ask.
“I don’t think so.” She knows I can’t hold back anymore. I want to fuck her right here, right now. The idea of someone walking in on us excites me.
She gets up, and I slowly approach her, begin to kiss her neck, descending lower and lower. She loves my kisses. Her body gives in to me, her legs part wider.
I harshly grab her waist and sit her on my desk. She wraps her legs around me and kisses me intensely. She caresses my dick through my pants with pleasure, feeling a firm package that is waiting to break free. My fingers slid under her dress and plunged into a hot moisture. She turns and leans her elbows on the table. I twisted her hair into a fist and pull her head back. With my other hand, I set my dick free and enter her wet pussy. Now, she’s completely in my power. I move slow, but she can’t wait any longer, she wants it stronger, more aggressive. She puts her hands on the table and begins to move with me to the beat. I accelerate my pace, and soon my movements become as strong as if I want to pierce through her. She tries hard to hold back her moaning. I move faster and faster. At the last jolt, my groan joins her moan, and we reach orgasm at the same time. That was fucking fantastic!
After our intense orgasm, we don’t waste any time and get ready to leave.
“Do you want to stay over tonight?” she asks as we exit the office.
Not really.
“Umm...I’ve got a few early meetings tomorrow.” I make my excuse and look at Britney’s disappointed face
“Do you want to go to the horse race with me next week?” I smile.
“I would love to.” Britney’s face stretches into a big smile.
Finally, we are going on a date. I’m a bit worried as I have no idea what to talk to her about. Perhaps, about hair extensions and breast implants.

Easy Come, Easy Go

“Hey man, excited for tomorrow?” I get a message from Sean as I get ready to leave the office.
“Definitely, will be fun,” I respond.
“Is the big tit girl coming?” he’s referring to Britney.
“Yep,” I respond dryly.
“Man, she’s hot.”
That she is, but what do I really feel for her?
Britney keeps inviting me to sleep over tonight, but I don’t want to. Besides, I’m going to spend the whole day with her tomorrow. I need to keep my distance.
I was looking forward to my quiet evening alone when an unexpected message from Tiffany pops up on my phone.
“I miss you. Do you want to come by my house? :-)”
Hmmm...Do I want to go over to her place and possibly run into her angry father? But this is also my chance to get back at the old man who yelled at me and kicked me out on the street naked.
Ha...I grin.
“I will be there in 20 minutes,” I reply back to Tiffany.
God, I can’t help but be in such high demand.
I confidently pull over into Tiffany’s driveway, just to prove my point that I was actually invited over, and there is nothing her father can do about that.
I turn off the engine, exit the car, and I am about to ring the doorbell when Tiffany shows up at the door wearing tank top and shorts. I guess she heard my car pulling in; it’s a shame I’m not able to make my grand entrance and make her parents aware of my presence.
We walk into an empty living room, and she leads me upstairs to her bedroom. As soon as we enter the bedroom, she shuts the door and grabs my package, squeezing my nuts harshly.
“Fucking bitch.” slips off my lips.
“Does it hurt?” she asks knowing how much control she has over me.
“Yeah.” I murmur, stretching my face in a painful grimace.
She applies more pressure to her grip, and the agony is becoming excruciating.
“Punish me!”
“With my fucking pleasure,” I say and gently bite her ear.
I wiggle out of her grip and push her on the bed. She’s laying on her back, and I strip her shorts and underwear down. I quickly get rid of my pants and boxers, and my dick is throbbing, thirsting for a quick, rough boning. No foreplay, she’s got a boyfriend for that.
Smoothly shaved Tiffany’s pussy is filled with juices. I intrude it with my three fingers and move them fast creating more wetness inside. After intense finger thrusting, an excessive moisture from her pussy is starting to pour out. I pull my fingers out and stick them into her mouth, letting her suck on it and taste herself.
“Damn, I taste delicious.” she draws my fingers deeper.
I press the head of my dick against her clitoris and wait for her reaction. She’s breathing heavily; she’s waiting for me to stab her through. I drive my cock so deep and harsh so that my nuts hit her ass. I turbulently plant my dick in and out. I want her to be just in as much pain as I was a few minutes ago. Tiffany’s loud moaning is like a charming singing. She caresses her breast, pinching her nipples with her fingers. I push her hands away and sternly squeeze her breasts. A dull shout comes out of her mouth.
I cover her with my body completely, she wraps her arms around me, and I continue with my invasive and brutal movements, gradually speeding up the pace. The incredible sensation is making us lose our minds. Soon, the sweet wave of orgasm gets close. Tiffany is clutching her pussy and digs her nails into my back. Her body wriggles in an orgasm, and I finally drop my cum on her stomach.
As I zip my pants up, Tiffany says,
“That was so good.”
“Yeah,” I nod. “I will see you on Monday.”
I open her bedroom door.
“Just shut the front door when you leave,” she says and crashes her head on the pillow.
I walk downstairs and come face to face with her father. Without saying anything I give him an impudent wink, thinking “I just fucked your daughter.”



Horse Race

The next day, Britney offers to pick Sean and I up, and drive us to the race, so we can enjoy a couple of drinks while we are there. Originally, it was only supposed to be just Sean and me, but I felt bad for Britney. I never asked her on a date after our multiple hook ups. With Sean being there, possibly Britney will switch her attention to him.
I put on my nice black suit; I want to look presentable. Britney texts me letting me know she’s outside. I grab my phone and my wallet, and I’m out of the door.
I get into the driver seat, and Britney extends her neck in the direction of my face, waiting for the kiss. Reluctantly, I touch her cheek with my lips.
“So...what did you do last night?” she asks, and I scan her outfit. Her pink dress exposes her side boob. Maybe she should hide it sometimes just to create some sort of a mystery. Oh well, but what would I know, it obviously worked on me, she’s got my attention. The orange fascinator on her head doesn’t match with her dress.

“Nothing, absolutely nothing.” I lie. I wonder if Britney and Tiffany know each other. I doubt it. Britney is in Legal Services, and Tiffany is in Marketing.
“How about you?” I ask and automatically zone out as soon as she opens her mouth.
God, this is going to be a long ride, I can’t wait until we pick up Sean.
“Hey, guys,” Sean says as he gets into the back seat, making an eye contact with Britney’s tits. Both of them seem to find a common topic of the conversation. I look out of the window and thought of Amelie sweeps through my head. “Fucking leave it, man.” 

“What did you say?” Sean taps me on a shoulder.
“Nothing.” I didn’t think I said it out loud.
We finally arrive at the horse race arena that has the capacity of about 40 thousand for the fans and visitors like us. Race day is always the day that both men and ladies can spruce themselves up, but let their hair down.
We make our way to our box seats.
“You couldn’t get seats right on the tracks?” Sean jokes.
“Ha…not this time.”
Britney sits next to me invading my personal space. Sean keeps scanning her from top to bottom. I feel like I should leave and let those two chat. I’m just about to get up and walk around when I hear,
“Would you like anything to drink?”
My heart is pumping hard, I turn around and see her.
Amelie– a lost dream that finds its way into every fiber of my being.
She’s casually standing beside Sean, wearing a white button-up shirt and gray apron, her beautiful hair is pulled back in a ponytail. She’s waiting to take our orders. Why again? Why do I keep running into her?
“I will have the beer on tap.” Sean quickly glimpses at Amelie and turns his head to the tracks. How can he not see Amelie’s natural beauty and charm? I can’t keep my eyes off her. I look down at my hand, and it’s shaking. I have to remember; she belongs to another man, the other man who can hold her without being slapped. I want to hurt her; I want her to know that I don’t care, that she’s nobody to me, just an empty space.

I shift in my seat and get close to Britney, I wrap my arm around her waist and kiss her on the neck, while trying to catch Amelie’s eyes. I need her to see it.
“And you? What would you like to drink?” Amelie asks in her sweet voice. I would like your kiss; I would like to taste you. I’m sure once I get into the bed with you, my crazy obsession will dissolve.
“Nothing,” I grumble and try not to lock eyes with Amelie, but it’s practically impossible. As soon as I do, I can’t help but go mad with tenderness.
“Hey, bring me some Ice Tea,” Britney says with her annoying, bossy voice.
Amelie turns around and says,
“Please?”
“Please what?” Britney's face looks disgusted.
“Can you please bring me an Ice Tea.” Amelie corrects her.
“WHAT?” Britney gets up. “You can’t talk to me this way.”
“Yes, I can, it’s basic manners.” Amelie keeps calm.
“You have no idea who you are dealing with; I’ll make sure to let your manager know that you speak with the customers inappropriately.” Britney keeps going. I’m so tempted to pinch her tit so she would stop talking.
“Britney, sit down.” I jerk her by the hand.
“I will sit down alright, but she will get fired.”
Amelie raises her eyebrow,
“Whatever…” she says and walks away.
“Did you see that?” Britney is furious. “I can’t believe that bitchy little waitress!” she yells loud enough for Amelie to hear. “I can’t believe you didn’t do anything about it!”
“What was I supposed to do?” I say dissatisfied.
“Stick up for me,” she says through her teeth and crosses her arms.
Oh for God’s sake! Women sometimes, like seriously, so emotional.
“That feisty little bitch! I’ll make sure she won’t be working here anymore” Britney is not letting go, and I’m losing my patience.
“Can you please not swear?” I ask.
“What? When did it ever bother you?” she frowns exposing the wrinkles on her forehead.
I roll my eyes and tune out; I’m done with this shit. She can go on and on about her stuff; I don’t care. Sean can keep her company if he wants to.
I keep turning back waiting for Amelie to come by with our drinks. She’s taking forever. I can’t even concentrate on the race.
After good 20 minutes, she finally arrives with our drinks.
“Fuck, that only took a year.” Britney makes a rude remark as Amelie hands in a beer to Sean. I have a feeling this is not going to end well.
Britney extends her hand to grab her drink when it “accidentally” slips through Amelie’s finger and falls right on Britney’s lap. This is going to be a disaster.
Britney’s mouth opens so wide that it looks like a big bottomless cave, and for some reason, I picture my dick inside it.
“What the FUCK?” Britney finally lets out.
“I’m sorry, I’ll run and grab you a napkin.” Amelie sneers and rushes out. Subconsciously, I’m prepared to restrain Britney in case she decides to attack Amelie.
But Amelie is too quick for Britney to react. She safely disappears from our sight of vision.
“This is ridiculous!” I pretend to care about Britney’s feelings “I’m gonna talk to that little bitch” I make my excuse and bolt after Amelie.
I spot her petite figure approaching the bar stand. I quickly catch up to her.
“Why the hell did you do that?” I clutch to her forearm.
“Do what?” Amelie looks at me.
“Spill the drink!” I slightly raise my voice.
“It was an accident.” Amelie is clearly lying.
“Bullshit!” I yell.
“I don’t have time for this.” Amelie pulls her forearm and turns around.
“You are not going anywhere!” I take the opportunity of us passing by the fire exit when I grab her hand and lead her inside the stairwell. Here, we can have some privacy to talk.

“Let go of me, I need to get back to work!” she tries to walk around me, but I pin her to the wall.
“You will apologize to her.”
“To who?” Amelie frowns “To that plastic girl with fake breasts and lips?”
Damn, Britney’s dick sucking lips are not real. Wonder if her name is actually Britney.
“Yes, her.” I come up close to Amelie leaving about 10 inches between us.
“No freaking way.” Amelie stares at me.
“Yes, you will otherwise you will lose your job,” I warn her.
“I hate you, people, think if you have money, then you can treat other people like dirt!”
“Oh yah? What are you going to do about that? Run off to your boyfriend and cry about it?”
“I don’t have a boyfriend!” she yells.
She’s a little liar.
“Right. What about that guy from the auto shop? Keith?”
“He’s my brother, you jerk!” Amelie pushes me and tries to set herself free.
But I’m not letting her go, I take hold of her shoulders and press her against the wall. No more of this bullshit. I lean down I forcefully occupy her mouth with my tongue. I’m not letting go of this kiss. She’s hitting my chest with her tiny fists. But I’m not stopping. I care less if she reports me for assault or hits me harder. 
She’s trying to move away her tongue from my persistence, but then suddenly she gets the taste. She’s pushing my tongue with hers, feeling resilient unyielding, and so we start the fight, in which we overwhelm each other with passionate sensations. Our tongues intertwine, caress each other, giving us excitement and desire. In our kiss, we give in entirely to enjoyment, losing control.  Slowly her fists open up, and her hands hold on to my face, she’s no longer refusing me but gets lost in my embrace.
I hear the footsteps coming down the stairs; the noise forces me to open my eyes. I unlock Amelie’s lips and look at her face. Her eyes are still closed. We both are short of breath; I feel her breath. God, she turns me on!
 “Did you like it?’” I whisper, gently touching her face.
“Yes,” she murmurs, still having her eyes closed.
“Do you want me to continue?” I touch her pulsating lips with my thumb.
“Yes” she moans, and I almost lock her lips again when she says, “I mean no!” her voice raises to a shout and she pushes me away.
She wipes her red lips and heads to the door.
“You can’t just keep kissing me.”
“Why not?” I stop her from exiting.
“Because you have a girlfriend.”
“She’s not my girlfriend,” I argue.
“Because I lose control when I’m with you!” she glares intensely at me, and I’m speechless. I should let her go, and this should stop.
I step away from the door and let her exit.
I speak to the restaurant manager, and Amelie is removed from serving our section. I make sure to let her supervisor know none of this is Amelie’s fault, and she’s been great and attentive. I blame it all on my jealous bimbo girlfriend, might be a bit low of me, but I have to make sure Amelie still has her job.
I make my way back to our box seats, and observe Sean and Britney chatting away, getting cozier to each other. They get quiet as soon as they see me.
“We got a new waiter.” Britney sounds excited.
“Great,” I say indifferently and sit down leaving a huge space between Britney and me.
Amelie’s words keep playing in my head, the flashback of our kiss stirs my insides. I’m definitely crossing the line here, and I don’t like it. She said she loses control when she’s with me, but it goes the same for me. She’s innocent and beautiful, and me...I love to sleep around.  One side of me wants to leave Amelie alone and quit cornering her as it’s getting ridiculous and straight out stalker. Why can I think straight when I see her? The other side of me keeps convincing me that I should get her into my bed for me to forget her.
I bend my head down and cover my mouth.
“What’s wrong?” Britney pats me on a back.
I look into her empty eyes, and her fake eyelashes are bothering me.
“One of your eyelashes is about to come off.” I point at her right eye.
She quickly reaches out for a pocket mirror in her purse and fixes the malfunction the best way she can.
I try my best to concentrate on the game, even the winning of our horse doesn’t give me the same rush that it used to.
Britney wraps her arms around me.
“We won! We won!” screaming in my ear.
I know that. I’m not blind.
“We should celebrate!” Sean taps me on the shoulder.
“Good idea!” I give him an indifferent smile.
After the race, three of us get into the car, and I’m tempted to give up my front seat to Sean so he can entertain Britney. I just want to sit at the back and reflect on everything, but Britney asks me to sit at the front. I have no choice but to obey; she’s the driver.
I look at the road and catch the glimpse of Amelie standing on a sidewalk, waiting for a bus or someone to pick her up. She must have just finished her shift.
Butterflies seem to escape from the pit of my stomach, my mouth twitches, I’m fighting a smile.
Eventually, the corners of my mouth lift up. I don’t dare wave at her. I have to leave her alone.
“Oh look, it’s that bitchy waitress.” Sean points at Amelie from the back seat.
“Sean, zip your lip!” I can’t stand someone calling Amelie names.
“Yeah, it’s her!” Britney squints her eyes as if getting ready to attack. She drives so close to the sidewalk to use the roadside paddle to splash Amelie. I catch up to her evil plan too late and observe in horror the dirt water splatter all over Amelie’s shirt and face.
I’m furious!
“Why the fuck did you do that?!” I scream “You know it’s fucking illegal to do that!”
“Oh, whatever! It was an accident!” Britney casually replies.
“No, it wasn’t! You’ve done it intentionally!”
“Man, relax, who cares, I’m sure she didn’t write down our license plate number!”
“You guys are such fuckers!” God, I’m so pissed right now!
“Stop the car!” I yell.
“What?!”
“I SAID STOP THE FUCKING CAR!”
“What are you doing, man?”
“If you won’t stop the car, I’m gonna jump out!” I threaten.
Britney finally pushes on a break. I jump out and bolt to Amelie. She’s standing all alone, trying to wipe off the dirt from her face. I run up to her. The tears burst forth like water from a dam, spilling down her face. Her walls, the walls that made her strong just…collapsed. Salty drops fall from her chin, drenching her shirt. She’s trembling; she can’t–can’t stop. She’s pressing her hand against my chest as I try to hold her. I try to clean her beautiful face with my hands. I take off my suit jacket and put it on her.
“What’s wrong with you people?” Amelie sobs.
“Amelie, please, I’m sorry.”
“You guys are so terrible” Amelie’s dark lashes brimmed heavy tears.
I try to hold her and let her know that I will never let anyone hurt her ever again.
“Get away from her.” strong hand tags me away from Amelie.
“What the hell did you do?” Keith puts his arm around Amelie and leads her to the car.
“Man, let me explain.”
“Shut up! I don’t want ever to see you close to my sister ever again! Dickhead! I would kick your ass but don’t want to get my hands dirty!” he sits Amelie into a passenger seat and drives off.
I guess I’m lucky he didn’t splash me. I look around and catch the eyes of bystanders. What are you all staring at? I guess everyone enjoys drama.  It takes me a moment to get back to my senses. I check my pants pockets and realize that I left my phone and my wallet in Britney’s car. Unbelievable! Just great, I guess I will be walking home. 
My gray dress shirt is all stained; my hands are dirty, I look like a homeless guy. Perhaps, I can hitchhike back to my place. Damn! I don’t even have any change for a bus.
I hear a loud honk behind, I turn and see Britney pulling up. She’s the last person I want to see.
“Come on, get in!” she says through the open window of the passenger seat.
Unenthusiastically, without saying a word, I get into the car.

“What was it back there?” Sean asks.
“Why would you do that Britney? Like seriously? You can’t treat people like that!” I try to get through to her.
“Oh, who cares? She’s just a waitress!” Sean calls out from the back seat.
But to me, she’s not.
“It doesn’t matter! Whoever she is! You can’t talk to people in a condescending manner and think that you are better than them?”
I think I stunned them both with my speech as they have nothing to say.
“Can you please drop me off first? I think I have an upset stomach and might have diarrhea.” I couldn’t come up with the better excuse to be left alone.
I grab my phone and my wallet and force myself to wave at them as they drive off.
I throw my keys on the kitchen counter and grab a cold beer from the fridge. I untuck my shirt and fall on the chair; staring into space, sipping my beer. 
What a fucking day! I will never see Amelie again; I can’t keep stalking her, besides she probably hates me.
I clearly can’t talk to Britney, all I want from her is sex. Sean was a total douchebag today.
Fuck!
I finish my beer and walk to the fridge to get my second one when my phone rings. Unknown number.
“Hello?” I begrudgingly answer the phone.
“Hi.”
“Hi.”
A long silence falls amongst us.
“I have your jacket.”
“You can keep it,” I answer.
“You don’t want to pick it up?”
“Do you want me too?” I thought she hates me.
No answer follows.
“Up to you…but I do have a favor to ask you.”
“What is it?”
“Can you give me a ride?”
“Right now?” I frown.
“No, tomorrow.”
“Where?”
“I have some clothes for the homeless shelter that I need to drop off, and Keith is busy tomorrow so he can’t give me a ride and…”
“–I will be there” I interrupt her, she doesn’t need to say more. “Just let me know what time.”
“Um...I finish work at four tomorrow. Are you sure? You don’t have any plans for tomorrow or anything?”
Well, I thought about possibly seeing my family or hanging out with Nick, or may be picking up a woman or two in order to forget you, Amelie.
“Not really.”
“Cool. I will see you tomorrow then?”
“Yep.” I try my best not to sound overly excited.
“Was going to ask you…” she pauses
To marry you?
“If you have any clothes that you want to donate, can you bring them along tomorrow?”
“For sure...Amelie...listen...I want to apologize again for what happened.” I take a breath and want to continue.
“No comment,” Amelie says with sadness.
“ Look, I know, I’m...arrogant, I guess, and inconsiderate. But… I think I want to change.”
“Really?”
Can you help me?
“Anyway, I will pick you up at four tomorrow and will also bring clothes.”
“Thank you.”
I’m waiting for her to give me more, but she doesn’t.
“Good night,” I say and wait for her to hang up the phone.
“Wait, what about your suit jacket? Can we donate it?”
How can I say no to Amelie?
“Yes, why not? I’m feeling generous.” I smile.
“See you tomorrow.” she murmurs.
“Bye.”
She hangs up the phone.
I guess she doesn’t hate me as much as I thought. I still can’t believe she called me. Did she call me and ask me for the ride because she wants to see me or does she just want to use me? Who cares, I’m going to help her with the good cause. I’ve never really done anything for other people, so tomorrow will determine if I enjoy helping others. I will be with Amelie; I’m sure I will enjoy my time. God, I just have to make sure to restrain myself and stop grabbing her or try to kiss her. Is she really that good of a kisser or do I enjoy kissing her so much because she excites me? Every time, I look at her, I want her. But I have to stop being so physical and forcing myself onto her. The poor girl is probably terrified of me. I don’t even know how old she is. When she was in the blue dress, she looked like she was in her early 20’s, but when she’s wearing her casual clothes, she looks like a 16-year-old tomboy. What if she’s underage? I’m walking on the sharp edge here. If she’s underage, I have to stay thousand of miles away from her. Besides, to her, I probably look like a grandpa being 25.
I never realized how much junk I have in my closet, stuff that I never wear. I guess it’s time for me to find a use for it. I throw a good chunk of my clothes, some still with the price tags, into a big black garbage bag. Aren’t you supposed to clean out your closet couple of times a year according to Feng Shui? Or am I giving away all these clothes in the hope of impressing Amelie?
I shove the last shirt into the garbage bag and tie the knot. I hate how much I think about Amelie.

Road Trip

I wake with the huge smile on my face, looking like a total idiot; I don’t know how to wipe that foolish look off my face. I look at the watch, and it’s only 9 in the morning. I still have so many hours ahead before I see Amelie.
After a good breakfast, I decide to watch some sports on TV to occupy my mind and not think of sex or girls.
My phone rings and I say a little prayer that it’s not Amelie calling to cancel our meeting today.
Madeline. Phew. Close one.
“What’s up sis?”
“Hey loser, how’s it going?”
“Not bad.”
“What are you doing today?”
“I’m a bit busy. What do you need?”
“Wow...that’s rude...sorry I called”
I roll my eyes.
“Madeline, that’s not what I meant. I’m glad you called. We should catch up soon.”
“Yeah, we should. Listen, dad is asking how you are doing.”
“Why doesn’t he call me then?”
“Well, you know how dad is…”
Oh, do I know it!
“Maybe you should come over, and we all can have dinner together?”
“What for? So dad can call me a dead weight?”
“He doesn’t mean it when he says that”
“Right. I forgot. Must be just the way he communicates.”
“I don’t understand why you guys always fight.”
“Because I’ll never be good enough for him, no matter what I do, or perhaps I’m just a piece of shit.”
“Justin, stop!”
“Whatever, anyway, let’s catch up Monday maybe? What time are you free?”
“After 6.”
“Perfect I will pick you up after work.”
“Alright. But...I do think you should patch it up with dad.”
“What a great idea!”
“Stop being sarcastic!”
“I’m not. I’m serious; I think it’s a fantastic idea, you just full of great ideas!”
“Whatever, I will see you tomorrow!” I mumble
“Sounds good...oh...almost forgot to ask...so what are you doing today?”
“Umm...I’m helping a friend.”
“To do what?”
Why is she asking me so many questions, she can be a real pain in the arse.
“Donate some stuff to a homeless shelter.”
“What the fuck? Are you sick?”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“Didn’t know you were a philanthropist.”
“People change.”
“Ok, then Mother Theresa, I will talk to you tomorrow.”
“Bye.”
Great, so happy to know that my family thinks so highly of me.
I’m waiting outside the Tea House right at 4 pm. I can see Amelie packing up her stuff and exiting the shop wearing baggy jeans and a t-shirt that is about three times bigger than her. And, of course, she’s wearing her favorite baseball cap that covers her beautiful, radiant hair. She’s walking clumsily, carrying two huge black garbage bags in her hands. I rush to her and grab them.
“Let me help you” reluctantly, she hands them to me.
“Yeah, take them, occupy your hands, that way, you won’t try to kiss me” she needles.
Fantastic! My family thinks I’m useless and Amelie thinks I’m a pervert. I wonder what my friends and work colleagues think of me? I’m too afraid to find out.
I open the car trunk and Amelie glances inside the black garbage bag that I prepared for donation.
“Wow, look at all the clothes! There are still tags on them! Are you sure you want to give them away?”
“Yeah, I’m sure.”
“I guess you are not that big of an asshole!” she flirtatiously looks at me.
“I guess not” I smile and open the passenger door for her.
“Nice car” she taps my back and blows a bubble with the strawberry bubble gum. The bubble bursts and pieces of gum cover her face. She quickly collects it and puts it back in her mouth.
“Wow…classy!” I don’t remember the last time I blew a bubble with bubblegum, probably 20 years ago.
I start the engine and look at Amelie while she’s putting her seat belt on. Come on, man, she looks like a clumsy little boy, I can’t be attracted to that.
“She sounds good.”
“Excuse me?”
“Your car, the engine is in good shape! Thanks to me.”
“Ha…yeah definitely! You are the pro at what you do. So where am I going?”
“Just take Princess Highway south.”
“Yes, boss” I quickly glance at her, can’t linger my eyes on her for too long. I have to remember I’m not attracted to her. She’s just a funny girl.
I break the silence with the main question.
“So, Amelie, how old are you?”
“How old do you think I am?” she asks and looks out of the window.
Oh god, please help me.
“18?” I hope she says yes.
“I’m actually 15” she shows me her tongue.
“Seriously?!” I think I can smell shit in my pants right now.
“Ha…should had thought about it before you decided to kiss me.”
“Ok, ok, I’m sorry! Let’s just drive your stuff to the shelter, and then I will drop you back at the coffee shop, I promise you will never see my face again” I’m ready to push on the break and disembark Amelie on the side of the road.
“Relax, little girl, I’m 18” she reaches out for her ID and shows it to me.
Close one. A huge weight is lift off my shoulders.
“I have to be 18 to get into the Argyle.”
“Argyle?”
“Yeah, the club, where you didn’t recognize me and thought I was someone else.”
I think Amelie is listing all the errors and bad decisions that I’ve made since the first time I saw her.
“Right. Well, I’m blind” I lie.
“No, you are not.”
“Give me a break; it was hard to see in that club. What were you doing there anyway?”
“I was helping a friend to raise the money for women's shelter, his sister knows club manager, and blah, blah. He told me I look good in a dress.”
“He did, did he?” I’m just so happy to hear that. Please continue, talk about your other male friends.
“Don’t worry, he’s gay” she laughs.
“Close one” I pretend to wipe off sweat from my forehead.
“Ok, we got that straight. What about the auto shop? So you don’t work there, it’s your scary brother that does.”
“Yeah, Keith, he hates you.”
“Well, thank you for clarifying it as if I didn’t know it already” I try to keep my eyes on the road.
“What about serving job at the race? I didn’t expect to run in into you there.”
“Well, I didn’t either! It’s the gig I picked up this week. They pay well. One of my friends from the coffee shop helped me to get that job. Hopefully, I won’t lose it. Unlike you, I need multiple jobs to keep afloat.”
“You won’t lose it. I promise” I briefly glance at her and smile. “So you have two jobs, plus odd shifts at the auto shop.”
“Yeah, that’s right. And what do you do? Something important I assume, since you always wear suits.”
“I’m a lawyer, just starting out. Have a long a career ahead of me” I sigh.
“That sounds boring.”
I have casual sex at my workplace, so that makes it exciting.
“I don’t mind it.”
“Aren’t all lawyers assholes?”
Good talk! I should just choke on my semen and get it over with.
“I don’t know how to respond to that. I guess I’m an asshole, so…”
“Or maybe you’re just pretending to be one?” she raises her eyebrow and smiles, beautiful dimples appear on her face.
“I guess you know better.”
Does she think she’s some sort of psychiatrist or something? She’s barely out of diapers, not sure what time I should be giving her a bottle.
“So you do a lot of these things?”
“What things?”
“Like donating and raising money.”
“Not enough” She responds.
“I think you do enough.”
“You think that because you never do it.”
“Hey, don’t be so harsh, I’m donating quite a bit of my clothes, good quality clothes too.”
“That’s good, really good.”
I’m only doing it to impress you, which will possibly lead to sex.
“See I’m trying” I wink
“And I told you might not be that big of an asshole” we both laugh and it releases some of the tension that has built between us. I concede her laughter fills me with joy.
“We are almost there” she points at the road sign.
Hmm... I wonder if I should ask her to do something after we drop off all this crap. But where can I take her if she’s dressed like a teenage boy?
Unintentionally, I let out a sigh.
“What’s wrong?” She asks me right away.
“Nothing.”
“You want to say something?” from the corner of my eyes I catch Amelie’s glare.
“What are you doing tonight?”
“What do you mean?”
“What do I mean is what are you doing after we drop off all the stuff.”
“Going home. Keith’s gonna pick me up.”
“I can drop you off.'
“NO!” she screams in a protest.
“Alright, alright” I should have known she doesn’t want to let the perverted me know where she lives.
We finally arrive at the poorest neighborhood in the city. It seems to me that these streets are overrun with drug addicts and prostitutes. This neighborhood is not for the faint of heart. But I guess, isn't overall that dangerous, there is a hell of a lot worse places than this.
I know I should keep on my toes and watch my back as we exit the vehicle and carry the bags to the shelter.
After walking past a pavilion stacked with garbage bags full of possessions and street-ravaged luggage, we make our way up the wheelchair ramp to the front doors. I feel more or less safe. Perhaps the media exaggerates how bad this neighborhood is.
A string of men in hooded coats and smoking cigarettes lined the path, looking us up and down as we make our way in. I don’t understand Amelie’s motivation for doing all this.
Inside is complete chaos. Swarms of people are grouped in front of “the bubble,” a neon reception area behind reinforced glass, waiting for…something.  
“Wait for me here” Amelie orders and grabs all the bags from my hands. The group of people parts as she makes her way to the reception area.
Official-looking folks behind the glass greet Amelie and take the “goodies.” She rushes back to me.
“It’s time to go” she smiles.
“God, I thought you would never come back” I smile back at her.
“I was only gone for a second. Come on, little girl, let’s roll” she gently hits my shoulder and runs ahead.
God, please get me out of here!
I’m dreading to walk outside and see my car. I have an image of my “baby” being punished by the sharp objects.  To my surprise, my baby is untouched and well.
I catch up to Amelie and open the passenger door for her.
“Thanks, dude” she taps me on the shoulder and sits down. I close the door after her. Dude. I guess I’m a dude.
“So how was it?” she playfully asks.
“Great” I lie and start the car.
“Don’t fucking lie!” she mocks me and gently hits me with her elbow.
“Fine! I hated every fucking minute of it! I was terrified to leave my car outside! And honestly, I didn’t feel comfortable being inside the shelter. I was afraid I or you would get raped.”
“What? No way! They are harmless. Some of them just sick.”
“Sick? Or they are just drug addicts?”
“Drug Addiction is illness, and maybe one day they will heal”
God, she sounds so naïve, as if she just escaped off the Hallmark card. 
“Right” I grumble.
“I’m serious! Why not help them if you can?”
Frankly, I never give change to homeless, sometimes I feel they are a waste of space. We live in a first world country where you can easily get a job. If you chose to do drugs and ruin your life, I don’t want to be supporting your choice.
“Why are you doing it? Do you just like helping people?”
“That…and I have other reasons.”
Oh God, she’s going personal now. Do I want to go there?
“Like what?” I pretend to care.
“Oh…long story…I don’t want to bore you with that.”
How considerate! Thank you!
“No, please tell me.”
“My dad was homeless, and he died on the street, he got a bad flu or something, because he didn’t have proper clothes. It happened a long ago now…so…”
I don’t know what to say to that except,
“I don’t like my dad.”
“WHY?” Amelie opens her eyes wide as if I said I was Antichrist.
“Because I will never be good enough for him.”
“That’s sad, but he still raised you, I’m sure he helped you with a lot of things.”
“Not really” I complain.
“Oh yah? Did you put yourself through law school without his help? And also managed somehow to buy this nice car.”
“Well…” she’s got me.  
“See…” she points at me “As long as the person is alive everything can be resolved. I thought I hated my dad too until I found out he was dead, and then it was too late” she looks out of the window, and I don’t dare touch her. Her words make perfect sense.
“Thank you” I murmur.
“For what?” she is surprised.
“I don’t know, giving me a different perspective,” I say and put my hand on the gear shifter. A few seconds later, I feel a warm sensation. Amelie is covering my hand with hers.
We approach the Tea House, and I get instant worry about seeing Keith. He’s certainly not fond of me.
“You can just drop me off. Keith should be here in a minute.”
“I’ll wait. I can’t just leave you here.”
“Why not?”
“Because…I need to make sure you are safe.”
“Oh how kind!” she gives me a fake smile and gets out of the car.
“Amelie, wait!”  
I come up to her and want to hold her, but I can’t allow myself to be physical with her.
“I will wait with you,” I say and stand beside her.
“Thank you for coming today” she inches forward and wraps her arms around me. In her fragile and gentle embrace, my mind is in piece. I’m tempted to take off her baseball cap so that I can touch her beautiful hair.
“Come on, Amelie! It’s time to go” Keith sneaks up on us from behind.
Amelie jumps away from me, and Keith throws me hateful glare as if I’m a Hitler and he’s ready to castrate me.
Without saying a word to me, Keith walks Amelie to the car.
“Yeah great seeing you man. Good chat…yeah” I mumble to myself as I watch them drive off.
Fucking asshole. Fuck my life.

What does making love even mean?

It’s still early, but it’s also Sunday, so I should probably get home, and tomorrow I’ll go shopping and get new clothes for myself. After being distracted by Amelie for several hours, I realize that I haven’t checked my phone.
Two messages from Britney, and one of them she sent two seconds ago.
“What r u up to?”
Do I respond to her? I let out a sigh and quickly type “Just driving home.”  Briefly, honest and straight to the point, no questions asked. 
I lock my car and head to my loft when I spot Britney’s car in the visitor parking. Fuck!
She quickly gets out of the car as soon as she sees me. She’s wearing a long black coat, and I wouldn’t be surprised if she’s naked underneath.
“Hey Justin!” she smiles.
“Hey…how long have you been waiting here for?”
“Not too long” her eyes drift to my package.
“Can I come inside?”
“It’s the question I usually ask” I wink at her.
“Actually…usually, you don’t” she licks her upper lip.
I guess nice, easy lay would be a great conclusion to my weekend.
“Let’s go” I slap her ass and escort her to my loft.
I turn on the light in the kitchen and offer her a drink. She refuses.
“You can hang your coat over there?” I point at the coat rack. Let’s get to the business. Show me your naked body.
I am wrong however, she’s not naked. She’s wearing seductive black lingerie and lace pantyhose. Fuck yeah! She just needs a whip in her hands to complete the picture. She drops her coat on the floor and looks at me.
I come to her from behind, move her hair to the side, and run my finger along her neck. She lets out a soft moan; I lean over and press my lips against her skin, meanwhile caressing and massaging her breasts. I want to slap them and squeeze them harshly. My dick hardens at the level of Britney’s ass. I want to get right into her pussy and fuck her hard. I lower my hands to her groin and touch her wet underwear. Britney throws her hands back and grasps my head, she arches backward and rubs her ass against my aroused dick. I quickly strip down my pants and underwear, and now my cock can feel the lace of her underwear. I cover her pussy with my palm, trying to feel all the heat and desire.
Her breasts spill out of her bra as I unhook it. I can’t wait any longer. I lead her to the bedroom and throw her onto the bed. She’s mine. Hungrily, I remove her panties, spread her legs and make my rounds with my tongue through her pussy lips. She’s moaning from pleasure, biting her lips. It turns me on.
“Fuck my cunt…” Britney murmurs, and I confidently enter her pussy. My movements are fast, deep and aggressive. Britney’s body twists with desire, her hands slide over my back and straight to my ass, she’s pulling me in, she wants it harder.
“Fucking give it to me” she lets out and pulls on my hair. I throw her legs on my shoulders and increase my speed…when a sudden image of Amelie appears right in front of me.
“Fuck me hard!” Britney shouts, and I lean over to her and cover her mouth with my hand. Stop talking, don’t ruin the moment. The image of Amelie is not dissolving. My pace slows down; I want to feel her every inch, I want to feel her depth. She trembles from the overwhelming pleasure; her groan turns to a cry. Her hands convulsively squeeze the bed sheets as she reaches the climax.
After catching my breath, I march straight to the shower, leaving Britney in bed. I hope she won’t take too long to get ready.
I return to the bedroom after the shower, and to my disappointment, Britney is still laying there. I walk to the kitchen and collect her bra and coat off the floor. I think she needs a little hint to understand that I’m not willing to share my bed with anyone.
“Here is your stuff” I smile and place her belongings on top of the blanket.
“Oh, thanks,” she says with the disappointed voice.
I put on my sleeping shorts and pretend to yawn in the hope that Britney will catch up to the fact that it’s time for her to leave. 
“Sex was quite special this time” she smiles.
“Was it?” I frown. I can’t tell the difference. Sex is sex.
“Yes, it was” she covers her naked body with the blanket. What is she doing? It’s my blanket, and it’s only meant for one person.
 “Hmmm…,” I grunt.
“What?” You don’t believe me?” she picks her head out of the blanket.
“Yes, I believe you,” what about your clothes? It’s time for you to go.
“At the last bit there, it felt more like you were making love rather than fucking.”
You must be joking, woman? Why are you reading so much into this? Do all women do that?
“Right…” I pause “It’s getting pretty late now, I should get some sleep. Tomorrow is gonna be such a long day you know, a couple of briefings due.”
“I know it’s going to be a long day” she repeats my sentence and yawns.
Exactly! Then what are you still doing here?
“You should probably get home” I suggest 
“Are you kicking me out?”
Sort of…
“I mean, I thought you wanted to go home. Are you gonna go to work in your lingerie?”
“Wouldn’t that be funny?”
“Yeah, hilarious.”
“I will go home in the morning” she motions a kiss at me from a distance.
Fantastic, yes please, just invite yourself into my cozy bed.
“I see…”
“Is it ok if I stay here overnight unless you are expecting someone?”
No, I’m not, I’m just afraid that you will leave your “face” on my pillow. I swear she’s got enough makeup for two people.
“Well, I do snore and fart in my sleep, just to warn you.”
“So do I” she replies, laughing.
Ugh...please, just no spooning. 
I turn to my side and close my eyes, Britney puts her arm around my torso, and her fake breasts press against my back. This is very uncomfortable.
 
New interest

My favorite day of the week–Monday is finally here. I’m lying right on the edge of the bed, and when I turn, I see Britney spread in the middle like a starfish. Why don’t you just push me over and take over my whole bed?
Definitely, wasn’t a good sleep even though my nuts were empty.
After finishing up my morning routine, I look at the watch, and it’s perfect timing for me to kick Britney out.  As soon as I think that, she appears in the kitchen wearing...wearing...MY SHIRT!
God, is she planning on moving in or what? 
“Are you making coffee?” Britney asks, looking tired. I wonder how long it takes her to get her face organized in the mornings. “No, I’m not going to make coffee. Running out of time now.”
Britney glances at her cell phone.
“Oh God yes! I should get ready, but maybe we can have a quick breakfast together?”
No way woman, I can hardly keep my eyes open, I don’t want to socialize with you. 
“I think I won’t have time; I’m sorry baby, is it ok you go now, and we can have breakfast another day?” I’m trying to play a nice guy and hoping that Britney buys it. 
Britney’s lips lift upward, she bought my lie, and I’m a free man. Ten minutes later she’s on her way home in her car, and I’m inside my ScarJo, listening to the music, enjoying my own time. It’s going to be a long day in the office.
Boring paperwork that makes me want to pull my eyeballs out is just turning into a bigger and bigger mountain. I have to make sure I finish everything before six. I promised Madeline I will hang out with her. No news from Amelie. Don’t understand why I even bother.
As I scan through monotone documents, I hear Britney’s voice in the distance. I’m tempted to hide underneath my desk. I sense her presence in close proximity to me, so I abruptly make my escape to the office kitchen, where I run into my committed, happily married co-worker, Chris.
 “Hey man” I wave at him.
“Oh, hi! How’s it going?”
“Not bad” I’m trying to catch my breath.
“Were you running or something?” he asks and smiles.
“Sort of...long story!”
“What have you been up to?” Chris smiles and fills up his mug with coffee.
“You know...same old” just being a whore as per usual.
“How’s everything with Britney?” Chris asks with the smirk.
“Oh man, don’t get me started, I don’t know where to hide from her” I laugh.
“Oh no...was gonna ask you, have you seen our new receptionist?”
“I totally missed her! Is she hot?” 
“Oh yah” Chris laughs.
“Good to know” I nod and come up with the plan on how to kill two birds with one stone.
A quick excursion to the reception area confirms Chris’s statement–new receptionist is a babe–blonde and curvy. Wonder, how long it will take me to crack that.
***
After work, I pick up Madeline at six o’clock as I promised. I enjoy hanging out with her as long as we don’t talk about my dad or family. 
“So what else do you need?” she asks as we look inside the popular men’s store.
“I think I’ve got everything,” I say and try to balance ten bags of clothes in my hands.
“I’ve never seen you buying so much before.”
Well, I shouldn’t have given away half of my closet to the homeless.
“Oh, you know, circumstantial, that time of the month” I reply as we exit the store.
I direct Madeline towards the women’s clothing store. 
“Aw…you don’t have to.”
“It’s not for you.”
“For Britney?”
I roll my eyes in annoyance. I’m still pissed about the fact that Britney and Madeline know each other.
“No, not for her.”
“Who’s it for then?” Madeline asks
“One acquaintance, a co-worker actually. I ruined one of her shirts, so want to buy her a new one.”
“I don’t even want to ask what you did to her shirt.”
“Oh, whatever. I just spilled coffee on it by accident.”
“Is there anything I can help you with?” one of the cute salesgirl approaches us. Almost unnoticeably, I manage to measure the size of her breasts.
“Yeah, I’m looking for a simple white button-up female dress shirt” I respond.
“No problem. What size?”
“Small” I answer confidently.
“You know your co-worker’s size,” Madeline asks suspiciously.
“Not that hard to figure out” I grumble.
The sales girl returns holding a plain shirt.
“This will do” I respond and feel the material. “How much is it?”
“It’s a very a good quality shirt.”
“Yeah, I can tell.”
“$150.”
“I will take it” I respond with the sigh.
“You girlfriend will love it” the sales girl drifts her eyes to Madeline.
“I’m not his girlfriend” Madeline yells.
“She’s my annoying sister…”

I drop off Madeline at home and refuse her invite to see Mom and Dad. Right now is not the time I want to feel like shit about myself. 
I throw my shopping bags on the living room floor and place the box with the dress shirt on a kitchen counter. Let’s see how tomorrow goes.
 
Still nothing from Amelie, oh well. I shoot a message to the boys letting them know that chicken wing Tuesday is on for tomorrow.

Boys night

My watch shows two pm, and I have three hours to go before I leave the office. I prepare my box with the white shirt inside and head to the reception desk.  My “hot” target is sitting there, working away.  Instead of approaching her, I go straight to her less attractive co-worker, Michelle.
“Good day Michelle, how are you?” I smile and completely ignore the cutie next to Michelle.
“Hello, Justin. How are you doing?” Michelle’s body language indicates that she’s happy to see me.
“Very busy” I lock my eyes with Michelle and don’t let her eyes drift away.
“What can I do for you?” Michelle can’t help but blush. “By the way, this is Lindsay Wallace, she just started with us a couple of days ago” Michelle points at the hottie.
“Hi, I’m Justin Cuthbert” very briefly I turn my eyes to Lindsay and then back to my box.
“Could you please mail this package for me?” I ask Michele
“Where to?”
“Tea House, the coffee shop, in the North Shore. Let me find the address for you” I start to scroll through my phone.
“I will find it, don’t worry” Michelle responds hesitantly. “Who does it need to be addressed to?” she asks.
“Umm...Amelie Murray”
 “Great. How soon do you want it delivered?”
“Is it possible to have it there by today?” I know the coffee shop doesn’t close until late.
“Absolutely. I will courier it. It should get there in an hour or two.”
“Perfect. Thank you so much, Michelle” I smile at her and with the corner of my eye catch Lindsay’s  glance. She’s probably wondering why I’m ignoring her when she’s so much better looking than Michelle. 
I’m about to leave when Michelle asks me,
“Oh, Justin, we are going for drinks tomorrow, you know, it’s a social Wednesday. You should come.”
“I might stop by; it’s downstairs right?”
“Yeah” Lindsay replies before Michele.
Ha...I think I’m in. New chase has begun.
When I’m about to leave the office I get a call from a private number, but I know who it is, so coldly I decline the call. 

I make my way to my favorite sports bar–Mug Shots, where I usually catch up with the gang. If you want a place to enjoy a sports game without a side of rowdiness, this is the place to be.
Sean and Nick are gathered at the table by the TV, waiting for the king's arrival, and the football game to start.
“Hey, guys!” I join their table and grab a menu. I’m starving.
“You are a fucking year late” Sean greets me.
“Nice to see you dickhead” I respond. “A bit busy at work” I scan the menu. Mug Shots has the best chicken wings in town; they have over forty varieties of flavours. Tequila Lime and dill pickle are my favourites. I’m totally going for it! 
“Is Fiona getting angry?” Nick refers to my secret crush on my boss Fiona; she’s so fuckable when she raises her voice.
“Ha...no...I wish...Just work stuff is keeping me busy” I place my phone on the table when it vibrates, another call from the unknown number.
Our food arrives, and I dig in right away, I need to fill up my stomach otherwise I’ll pass out.
Doesn’t take me long to finish all twenty of my chicken wings. Jeez...didn’t realize how hungry I was. Game intermission is on, so it’s time for us to indulge in a conversation. 
“So how are all you of your biddies?” Sean asks referring to all my women.
“Same old” I sip on my drink trying to make it last.
“How’s Britney?” Sean inquires.
“She’s good, I guess. Had sex with her two nights ago” I say indifferently.
“She’s pretty hot” Nick points out. 
“I suppose, but have you guys notice how much makeup she wears?”
A long silence follows, so I take it as a no.
“Oh...did not notice...So who’s your next target?” Sean grins.
“This new receptionist is a total babe. Going for drinks with her and other office people tomorrow night.” 
“You are the man!” Nick pats me on the back.
“I know” I wink and look at my phone. Text message pops up “Thank you for the shirt. Do you want to meet up?” Now, I have her number; hopefully, it won’t be long until I close the deal. 
“Actually there is someone else…” I decide to come clean to the boys.
“Who? Britney?” Nick asks.
“Oh..jeez...forget Britney, please...no...there is this girl...hmmm...I just kept running into her...and kind of forced a kiss on her, which was terrible on my part, I didn’t even know if she was underage or not. Anyway…”
Both Sean and Nick look at me as if I have a dick growing from my forehead. 
“So, who’s this girl? Do you know her name?” Sean frowns.
“Yeah, Amelie. Sean, she’s the girl from the race, remember?”
“What girl?”
“The server.”
“Oh yah? She’s not bad, quite cute actually, a bit feisty” Sean grins.
“She’s actually fun to talk to…”  I add.
Again, Sean and Nick are stunned by my last revelation; now they probably think I have a vagina between my legs. 
“Since when do you talk?” Sean asks.
“I know...fuck...it’s a bit hard to explain.”
“Honestly, right now, you are talking in Japanese, we both can’t understand you.”
“Fuckers...I don’t know...like when I look at her; she excites me, I get nervous.”
“Like you want to have sex with her?”
“I don’t know...I don’t know...she’s so young, she’s only 18.”
“Well you know what they say “young, dumb and full of cum”” Sean makes a rude remark and laughs. 
“She's not like that though” I argue “She’s not one of the corporate sluts that I’m used to. She is one of those “live, laugh, loves””
“What does that mean?” Nick frowns.
“You know, hippy like helping everyone, save the environment and blah and blah, eat organic, help the animals, spread the love.” 
Both Nick and Sean raise their eyebrows and make a disgusted face.
“From where did you dig her up?” Sean asks.
“It’s a long story, but I don’t know what I should do with her” I let out a sigh.
“Sleep with her. You said yourself “pussy is a pussy,” hers is probably very bushy since she’s a hippy.”
“Whatever” I should close this Amelie topic, I don’t want us to discuss any of her body parts.
“But seriously man, once you sleep with her, you will lose interest, no doubt!”
“You think?”
“Absolutely.”
“I think, it might not be that easy to have sex with her” Nick cuts in “By the sound of it, she’s not what you’re used to, so you’ll need a different approach.” Nick contributes his words of wisdom. “Might not be something you would be able to crack.”
 “Oh, I’m sure I would be able to, give me two weeks.”
“Two weeks?”
“Actually let’s change it a month. I will make it nice and slow for her.”
“Don’t know man, might not work for you” Nick is persistent.
“Nick, let’s a make a bet, $500, I will sleep with her within a month's time?” I extend him my hand and wait to seal our devilish deal.
“Deal!” Nick shakes my hand.
I send a message to Amelie asking her when and where to wants to meet up. Get an instant response from her telling me that our date is set for Sunday at 10 am outside of Tea House. No way, I’m not going to wait until Sunday to see her. 
“Can we meet earlier?” I send a message to her
“No.”
Brief and straight to the point, two letter word, she might not be that easy to crack after all.
 


Getting to the target

It’s only Wednesday, and there are still so many days ahead until I see Amelie. By the time we meet on Sunday, I’ll only have three weeks left to get her into my bed. God damn it! She’s so stubborn, I just asked her for one date before Sunday, but she declined. And who sets a date on Sunday at 10 am and asks to wear casual clothing? I’m afraid to find out what we will be doing. I just hope I will get the time alone with her. Feels like I haven’t kissed her in forever. I think I miss it. It’s hard for me to detain myself when she’s so close. Sometimes I feel like a different person when I’m next to her. I don’t like it. Will my regular game plan work on her or do I need to be more creative?
All these thoughts need to be tucked away, right now I have another purpose. It’s time for me to get downstairs to the bar and make my moves on Lindsay. 
The bar is full of hundreds of conversations told in loud voices, all of them competing with the music that dominates the atmosphere. The crowd at the bar is about the same age–young professionals. I wind my way through the warm bodies to order a drink–Guinness is my drink choice for tonight. Before the drink is poured I can feel that my “target” is standing behind me, she has arrived. 
“Oh hello!” she squeezes through and stands next to me.
“Hi” I quickly glance at her and try not to stare at her breasts.
I grab my beer and say,
“I will see you later” I lift up the corners of my lips slightly.
She looks confused and surprised; I guess she expected me to buy her a drink. Buying a drink for a woman you are interested in is the biggest mistake any guy can make. 
I spend a lot of time talking to Michelle. Lindsay, of course, is hovering around and is getting mad about the lack of attention. Don’t you worry, Lindsay, you will get all the attention once we’re alone.
Throughout the evening I'm an alpha male. Not using aggression to have a dominating effect but embrace maturity. I try not to make flippant, pretty or poorly humored jokes to amuse my co-workers to gain attention. I try not to give away my attempt to say something funny with a grin or a smile. Putting on this alpha male behavior could be draining.
By the end of the night, I manage to score Lindsay’s phone number. Apparently, she needs some information about Law School. Lindsay is completely comfortable with me now; she’s making a kinesthetic–physical touch connection with me. Touches my arm and back. I reluctantly respond, escalating my physical movements throughout the evening. Like I want her–which raises her desire. I can soak her panties with just the warmth of my touch.
As we all say goodbye outside of the bar, Lindsay hesitantly leans over to me, waiting for me to make a move. Very softly I touch her lips with my thumb and kiss her on a cheek.
While driving home, the corners of my lips finally fall down, and I reveal my true self. Even though I know I’m close to winning Lindsay over; the night felt exhausting. The game, the chase is starting to get old. I think after I get inside Lindsay and $500 from the bet, I’ll take a break from women.  
I don’t even get home yet when I get a text from Lindsay saying that it was a pleasure to get to know me. I roll my eyes thinking; she has no idea, whoever was back there at the bar is not the real me.
I will respond to Lindsay’s message tomorrow night and ask her out for dinner. I’m sure she will say yes. I could have taken her home tonight, but I want to buy her a nice meal before tossing her away. 
Just as I planned Lindsay agrees to meet on Friday night. That should take off the edge from my date with Amelie. Still no word from her. Feels like she’s playing games with me, but I can’t let that happen. I need to make sure I analyze her well on Sunday–her likes, her dislikes. I need to play the role of the guy she can trust. How terrible of me, but I can’t lose the bet, it will also be a good way for me to get back at Amelie for slapping and kicking me in the nuts.
 
Three-way road
 
I’m sitting in the car waiting for Lindsay to come down, she’s running late, and I hope we won’t lose our dinner reservation. I’m getting hungry. 
Finally, I watch her strutting toward my Subaru wearing a seductive tight yellow dress. I quickly get out and open the passenger door for her while checking out her ass. 
“I’m sorry I’m late,” Lindsay says while struggling with the seat belt.
“No worries” I answer smiling. I will punish you tonight.
“I can’t believe we are going to the Rock Pool. It’s like the best restaurant in the city.”
No shit! I know that! It’s also expensive as fuck, so you better thank me.
“I’ve heard it was a nice place” I respond.
“Have you been there before?”
I have, with another slut, really wanted to impress her.
“No, I haven’t. So it will be the first time for both of us” I smile and can’t wait to give her a pearl necklace.
I’ve made a wrong choice by booking fine dining. The evening feels like it’s dragging on. Lindsay, whose voice actually sounds like a kid high on helium, is blissfully unaware of life. Soon enough I also discover she has the same IQ as a bar of soap. We have to wait for 45 minutes just for the main course, and it feels that I’m slowly dying.
After three hours of misery, I couldn’t be happier to get a $300 bill for our dinner, the official part of the evening is over. I can’t wait till she stops talking. May be I should sit on her face tonight, so I won’t have to listen to her annoying voice. God, please give me patience. I just have to get in and out.  If only you can string a sentence together Lindsay, if only...then there would be more potential. I don’t even know if I’m keen on having sex with someone who has no brains. 

“Do you want to come up and have a tea or a drink?” Lindsay asks as I pull in into her driveway. She ain’t smart, hey but at least she’s a mega babe with nice tits.
“It’s Saturday tomorrow, so we don’t have to work” she continues.
What a great fucking observation!
“My roommate should be in bed by now” Lindsay persists seeing my hesitation.
“Sure” I stop the car and put it in a park. It would be nice to get laid tonight as a consolation for an expensive dinner.

Lindsay’s living room is small, stuffy even, and tastelessly decorated. Walls are all burnt orange with ugly pictures of nothing important. The furniture is almost pink, sprinkled liberally with vibrant cushions.
“Do you want a drink?” she asks me while walking to her bedroom. I’m not sure if I should be following her or not 
“I think I’m ok” I reply standing like an idiot in the hallway not knowing where to go. 
“Just wait for me in the living room, I’m gonna take a quick shower,” she says while taking off her dress without entering the bedroom. Ha...a little preview for me. 
“Alright” I make myself comfortable on the ugly chair and scroll through my phone. 
Fifteen minutes later, I’m starting to get bored. Why is she taking so long? 
I’m not as excited as I thought I was, I give Lindsay another ten minutes, if she’s not out, I’m heading home.
I walk to the kitchen and reach for the glass of water. Feeling a bit thirsty from all the waiting. 

“Hello there,” female voice says, which startles me and I almost fart. 
I turn around and see a hot brunette wearing a short silky robe, scanning me from top to bottom. 
“Hi!” I sound like a retard. I assume that she’s Lindsay’s roommate. I concentrate very hard to hear if the shower is still running. I don’t want to get caught talking to this hottie.
“I just heard voices.”
“Sorry, we didn’t mean to wake you up” I have a half-smile on my face.
“It’s alright” she smiles and walks around the kitchen island, so I get the full frontal visual with her nipple stag being out of control. She opens the fridge and bends over, pretending to look for something. She’s wearing a black g-banger, I like that. 
She stands right in front of me; her tits rub against my chest. I’m speechless. What the hell is going on here? I must be dreaming. Is this one of my wet dreams?
She places her hand on my package and slowly starts to stroke it.
“Ummm” all I can let out. Fuck I’m going to get caught, the adrenaline is pumping. The blood is traveling to my cock with the speed of light.
 “You are so cute” she murmurs almost moaning.
“So are you…” I try to sound normal and keep my eyes open. 

“Fucking whore!” I hear calm Lindsay’s voice and turn around. 
Lindsay is marching to the kitchen, wearing only bra and panties. She slowly makes her way to us, while her roommate continues to rub my dick as if nothing happened. They are going to kill or sacrifice me, I just know it.
“You like rubbing Justin’s cock?” Lindsay asks raising her eyebrow.
“Lindsay listen, I can explain” I try to recover, but Lindsay covers my mouth with her hand and consumes her roommate’s lips. I see their tongues intertwine and my fucking dick is growing bigger. 
“Do you like watching us?” Lindsay smiles. “This is Carla, by the way.”
“Yeah...umm...nice to meet you” my voice shakes, and I hesitantly smile. Carla unbuckles my belt and pulls my pants and boxers down, so my dick is pointing at both of them. 
Carla gets down on her knees, and I feel a warm firm lip circle around my dick, getting so close to its root. In mean time Lindsay places my hand on her wet pussy, and I dive right inside with my two fingers while kissing and sucking on her breasts. Lindsay starts to purr like a little kitten then moans.
With Carla’s help, I get rid of my pants completely, and two women lead me to the bedroom. 
Feels like Lindsay and Carla are living in their own world, they are kissing each other with a wild passion. Both of them lay on the bed and Carla extends her hands to Lindsay’s panties and pulls them down in one smooth movement from her thighs. Lindsay’s pussy is naked and helpless now. Lindsay spreads her hips, closes her eyes and surrenders to the power of Carla’s tongue. Carla carefully parts Lindsay’s pussy and digs her tongue inside the moisture of desire. Intermittent Lindsay’s cry grows louder, and Carla's sucking and licking moves become more intense. 
I slowly, as if I am attracted by a magnet, approach both women. I hold Carla from behind and slap her firm fine ass; she lifts it up for me as if inviting me to enter. I remove Carla’s panties and stop for a minute to observe the girls. I hear Lindsay’s moans and the passionate breathing of Carla. At the same time, I feel a powerful stream of blood in my penis and an equally strong, almost painful pressure in the kidney area. This pain is the sweetest torment in my life. I put my hand between Carla’s thighs and feel her pussy flowing with juices.
“Fucking take me” she yells panting.
I can’t restrain myself anymore, her pussy is calling for me. I grab my cock, lean my knees against the bed and insert my dick inside Carla. Her groan mingled with Lindsay’s sweet, painful cry forces me to moan from pleasure. Carla’s pussy is nice and tight. 
We fuck continuously. “Fuck them both” keeps humming in my head. All I want is fuck, fuck, and fuck; there is no place for any other feelings. At this moment all my thoughts and feelings are obscene as never before in my life. 
All three of us indulge in hardcore sex with no boundaries and no feelings attached.
Two hours later, I fall down on the bed and get myself comfortable between two ladies. It’s time for some rest. 
After a cat nap, I open my eyes and my desire to get home is stronger than a desire to stay with those two hotties and possibly continue our fun. 
I pick up my clothes from the floor and look at their naked bodies one more time, only now I notice Lindsay’s white trash Chinese writing back tatt. It’s time for me to move on.
 
Do I have to?
 
I continue pushing the snooze button on my phone, and keep raising my heavy eyelids halfway only for them to fall shut again. I got completely hammered at the house warming party last night. Why the hell did I have to drink tequila?  Peer pressure can be a dangerous thing. My mouth is sticky with thick saliva, my throat feels like sandpaper.  The hangover feels like a balloon under my cranium, slowly being inflated, pressure mounting. I want to cut my head off so that I don’t have to deal with this excruciating headache. Fuck it! I’m staying in bed! My body is in too much paim, struggling to recover from the last night’s abuse. 
I reach for my phone and try to concentrate my eyesight on the message from Amelie. “Can’t wait to see you,” it reads. Oh my god, I think my heart just melted. Damn it! That stupid bet! I have to see her today; she won’t give me a second chance if I cancel, she’s too stubborn.
I lug my heavy limbs into the bathroom and splash cold water on my face just to feel something refreshing, and instantly wish I can wash my brain free of toxins as well, it would be a better option than cutting my head off.  The mirror shows my bloodshot eyes; I look disgustingly tired.
 
I’m dragging my balls behind me as I get into the car. I don’t know how I managed to put on my jeans without vomiting all over them. My best remedy for a hangover–McDonalds. I quickly shoot Amelie a text asking if she would like anything from there. Her obvious response was no. Good, more for me! 
After stuffing my face with a double cheeseburger, I’m feeling somewhat better. It’s going to be a long day.
I’m ten minutes early, so I decide to rest my eyes, just for a minute while I wait for Amelie outside the Tea House. 
A loud knock on the window of the passenger seat wakes me up. The daylight is hurting my eyes, making my vision fuzzy, but I manage to distinguish Amelie’s figure. I unlock the door, and Amelie jumps right in.
“Your car smells like McDonald's.”
“Yeah, I’m sorry” I crumple McDonald's paper bag and throw it in the back seat.
“Rough night?” Amelie smiles and her cute dimples appear, for a minute I forget my hangover. I just wish she would take off this ridiculous baseball cap, and maybe wear a tighter shirt.
“No, not really” I lie.
“Well, you look like shit. It seemed like you partied all night.”
Oh, God!
“Thank you; I’m so happy to hear that! You’re just made my day.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to, I just don’t like to be lied to” she pats me on my forearm.
“Right.”
“So how was your weekend?” she asks.
Well, let’s see. I started with blowing $300 on a slut who took me back to her place, where she blew me, and afterward we engaged in a wild, rough threesome with her roommate.  Then on Saturday I got completely hammered drunk and made a complete fool of myself.
“You know, boring...didn’t do much” I figured this response would be more PG13 appropriate.
“Really?” She raises her eyebrow.
“You better tell me where I’m going. I have no idea, what we’re doing today” I change the topic, don’t want to talk about my weekend.
“Oh right, why did you start driving then?” she looks at the road, trying to determine where I’m taking her. 
“I don’t know” I’m too slow today.
“Actually, you are driving in the right direction, M5 west.”
“So what are we doing today?” I’m dreading to hear her response.
“We are volunteering!” she says in excitement. 
As soon as I hear the answer, I want to drive Amelie back and withdraw $500 to pay Nick for the bet, but then again, Amelie is so cute and make up free.
“Fantastic! I should have known!” I grin.  “Where?”
“Homeless shelter, we’re going to serve lunch.”
She’s not that cute. I should save myself NOW! 
“Umm...” I try to find words to let her know that I don’t want to do that and our date is over.
“Yes, Justin,” she says, and I make the biggest mistake by looking at her and catch her irresistible smile. Fucking hell! Stop smiling! I’m a fool, I can’t resist her smile, so I just keep driving forward. 
“Why are we doing that?”
“Because I know how much you would enjoy it” she laughs, mocking me once again. Don’t worry Amelie your payback is coming sooner than you think.
“Thank you; I couldn’t think of a better way to spend my Sunday morning. You just know exactly what I need” I say sarcastically.
“You never know, you might enjoy helping others.”
“Ha...whatever” my headache is killing me.
“Your head hurts?” Amelie asks as if she just got inside my brain.
“Umm...yeah”
She reaches out for a bottle of water in her backpack and hands it to me.
“You should stay hydrated” corners of her lips lift up.  Now, I officially discover my kryptonite–her smile.
“Thank you” I take a big sip. Water is exactly what I need, and maybe my bed with naked Amelie next to me.
We arrive at a gloomy gray building, and I still think it’s not too late for me to make my escape.
“Come on” Amelie strokes my hand.
“Ok” I pick up my nut-sack and walk toward the depressing building with my head hanging low.
On our way to the kitchen, we pass a room stocked up with coats and other clothing items.
“These have all been donated” Amelie explains, walking beside me “So if anyone needs anything, people at the front desk find whatever they need” Amelie elaborates.
“Ok,” I say and put on my fake smile, I can’t help but be indifferent to others struggles.
After the coat room, we march by the men’s dormitory.
“There are like over 60 beds in the one room” Amelie almost whispers. Wonder what does she want me to do with this information? 
Eventually, we make our way to the kitchen which is rather small.
“All food that is served here comes from donations, so the cook has to be creative” Amelie smiles and all I can do is breath heavily.  Someone, please, get me out of here! I think this is going to be the last time I’m seeing Amelie. I’ve decided.
I start my torture–serving meals to the homeless–wearing an apron. I strategically, methodically and blandly avoid eye contact with each and every person I put food on a plate for.  I’m the type of person that mastered the “look at your feet and walk as fast as humanly possible” skill whenever walking near or in the vicinity of a homeless person. I am always nervous they would whip out a knife, beg me for something or start yelling profanity at me.
 “You know, they are normal people, just like us” Amelie comes up to me and whispers, I didn’t think she was observing me.
“What do you mean?”
“Look them in the eyes, listen to them” Amelie murmurs in my ear.
“Please don’t judge. You have no idea what any one of those souls is going through that got them here” she continues, and I’m tempted to drop my big spoon on the floor and head to the exit.
“Whatever,” I say through my teeth.
 
“Justin!” I hear someone calling my name; I turn around in a panic!
“I didn’t expect to see you here” Charles–one of the senior partners yells out as he makes his way to me.
“Hello” I look bewildered
“What are you doing here?” he asks a stupid question. What does it look like I’m doing?
“I’m volunteering” I mumble.
“That’s great Justin. I just dropped off some items for donations.” He says while I’m struggling to put food on a plate for the next person in line.
“You are setting a great example” he pats me on the shoulder “You are a very humble man” he looks at me through his expensive eyeglasses.
“Oh, you know, I just like to keep it on the down low.”
“Absolutely! I wish more people would do what you do” he smiles.
“Oh, please” I’m blushing. “It’s nothing, really, I wish I could do more for others.”
Charles nods agreeing with my every “fake” word.
 “How often do you volunteer here?”
“I’m here every Sunday” I shamelessly lie and feel a pinching pain in my foot, as Amelie steps on it. Please, don’t unmask me. I have to leave a good impression on Charles.
“Good for you! Please continue what you are doing. I will see you tomorrow” he makes an awkward movement in an attempt to shake my hand, but my hands are pre-occupied, so I just nod my head.
 I watch Charles, who’s wearing his long brown trench coat, disappear from our sight when I turn to Amelie, and I say,
“Oh, come on Amelie, don’t judge!” I know she’s ready to tear off my balls for lying, but at this point, I give zero fucks. Something really good came out of this horrendous experience; one of the senior partners considers me a humble man, so now he might notice my work at the firm.
 “You are such a liar!” Amelie yells.
“Do you really want to talk about this right now?” I’m ready to quit her. “I don’t need any lectures” I grumble and continue serving lunch.  Amelie throws an angry look at me and walks away.
 
“Thank you,” raucous male voice says as I dump his lunch on a plate.
“You are welcome,” I say the usual line, but this time I don’t stare at the serving spoon but look the homeless man in the eyes. He knows that he makes me uncomfortable, but I’m trying to open up my heart and see that people in this shelter are just in a rut and they want to be treated the same as everyone else.  I can’t dehumanize them.
After I finish serving food, Amelie lets me know that I’m free to leave.
“What are you doing the rest of the day?” I ask her while taking off my apron and placing the serving spoon into the sink. “By the way, where were you all this time? You didn’t even help me.”
“Oh come on, I knew you were fine, I was helping with sorting out donations and clothes” Amelie looks at me and smiles. God, not again. I thought I was quitting her? I seem to be failing at impressing her; I have no clue what avenue to take.
 “You didn’t answer me, what are you doing the rest of the day?” I repeat my question. I want to spend time with her.
“I actually have to work” she stares at her wrist watch.
“What? But it’s 2 pm!”
“Yeah, I told one of the girl’s I’ll cover couple of hours for her”
“Until what time?”
“Late…let’s  meet up another day?” she looks at me, and I want to scream. I’ve been tricked by her yet again. Fucking hell. I’m working so hard here for nothing; she just jerks me around.
“Well can I at least give you a ride?” I ask without any hope.
“Sure” she responds unenthusiastically, but at least I’ll get twenty minutes alone with her.

 She says goodbye to her “shelter” friends, and we walk to the car.
“You did better in the second half of the day.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, you looked people in the eyes, and I thought I saw you were talking to a few guys,” she says and gets inside the car.
That I did, but I didn’t do it to impress her, I had no idea she was watching me; it happened naturally.
 “So who was that guy who you lied to anyway?” she asks and puts on her seat belt.
“Oh him? He’s one of the senior partners” I respond “See; not all lawyers are assholes.”
“Yeah, I’m starting to believe that” she shows off her dimples and I want to touch her lips.
“Do you wear your baseball cap to bed?” I needle, I hate when she’s wearing it, makes it hard for me to see her face.
“You want me to take it off?” she strokes the top of it.
“Doesn’t matter.”
 She takes it off and puts it on her lap. Her radiant dark red hair lies long and loose; she looks absolutely beautiful. I want her.
I have to remind myself to keep my eyes on the road and not on Amelie.
While talking to Amelie, I catch myself genuinely laughing, our conversations are effortless. I don’t know if it’s her immediacy or bluntness that amuses me. Why can’t we have a normal date?
“Amelie…” I want to ask her on a proper date.
“Meelie”
“Meelie?”
“Yes, Meelie. You can call me Meelie” she says and tucks in a lock of hair behind her ear.
“That’s cute, very cute” I smile.
“What did you want to ask me?”
“Can we go out for dinner?” I ask and turn to her.
She twirls her hat in her hands.
“Maybe…”
God, how many asses do I need to clean and how many lunches do I need to serve until she says yes.
“I will text you,” she says softly, and it makes me angry. I have a bad feeling that I might lose the bet.
“Well, can I at least see you tomorrow?”
“I’m working.”
“What time do you finish?”
“At six…”
“That’s perfect! I finish at the same time. I can come by, and we can hang out” please say yes!
“Hang out? And do what?”
Why does she need to keep challenging me?
“I don’t know, whatever you want.”
“What do you want?”
Oh, honey, you don’t want to know what I want. I want to take off your clothes and kiss your body.
 “We can go for dinner.”
“Nah… I’ll tell you what, come by tomorrow at six and then we can decide,” she says, and I realize we are getting close to the Tea House.
 “Can I at least ask what you are thinking for tomorrow?” I’m afraid she will make me drive 1000 miles so we can save puppies and cure AIDS.
“You’ll find out tomorrow” she winks.
 I pull up to the parking lot, and it’s almost time for us to say goodbye.
“Thanks for driving and your help,” she says and puts on her baseball cap, she opens the door, and I want to ask her not to go. I put my hand on her forearm.
“Justin, I have to go” she brushes off my hand and gets out.
I quickly put the car in park and run after her. I need more from her.
“What are you doing?” she asks and looks at me.
“I’ll walk you to the Tea House.”
“It’s like 5 meters away” she laughs.
“I need to make sure you are safe,” I say and smoothly clasp her hand. She stops, and I’m afraid she’ll slap me with her other hand. She doesn’t. Instead, she leans to me and wraps her arms around my torso. Her head presses against my chest, and I’m afraid she’ll hear my heart beat. I rest my hand below her ear with my thumb caressing her cheek.  Our unstable breaths mingle. Amelie’s hand runs down my spine pulling me closer. Fuck! I want her so bad. Unable to contain myself anymore, I turn her baseball cap backward and angle my head slightly to the side as my lips come closer and closer to hers. Her lips part, her body shivers slightly in an anticipation of my attack. I sneak my tongue inside her mouth and start to move it slowly, but she’s not satisfied with my pace. Her tongue meets mine and forces it to accelerate its movements.  My control is sleeping away, I’m getting wasted on endorphins, and her tongue makes my desire escalate. I move my hands under her shirt and feel her smooth skin; the goose bumps cover her back.  My soft caressing is becoming more firm. I savor her lips, which makes her breath quicken and now it matches my own.  I want her body.
 “Justin, stop” she pulls away and wipes her lips. “I don’t think our making out session is appropriate” she sounds like a strict teacher. It turns me on.  My grip is still firm, but her resistance is getting strong, and I’m left with no choice but to give up. Her skin is so smooth! Can’t wait to see her naked.
 “Fine!” I step away. She has no freaking idea how hard it is for me not to touch her.
“I’ll see you tomorrow” she smiles and runs inside the coffee shop.
 Well, to summarize, after all, it was a pretty good day. I touch my lips and get a quick flashback of our kiss. Damn, I can kiss her all night long. Tomorrow, I’ll need to get to a 2nd base or even better straight to home base.

Learning a new skill

I arrive at the office in a great spirit. I grab my coffee from the shop downstairs and take the first sip while I wait for the elevator to arrive. After only a few seconds I’m bathing in the kick of caffeine. I’m ready to conquer the world, and mainly Amelie. I’m so nervous about our date tonight; I have no clue what she prepared for me. Thinking about our kiss yesterday makes me smile, she’s full of fire, our chemistry is inevitable, definitely a lot of sparks, I would even say fireworks between us. If kissing feels so amazing, I can only imagine how good sex is going to feel. My face stretches into a big smile, and I take another sip of my coffee.
“Hey, there stranger” no way, not her. Her moaning sounds so much better than her voice.
“Good morning Lindsay” I hold the elevator door open for her and wait for her to get in. For God’s Sake, hurry up already! I have a meeting to attend. I kind of wish there would be someone else with us in the elevator, so I won’t have to talk to her. If only I could have been so lucky.
“So how was the rest of your weekend?” she looks at me, and I wonder how much tighter can her dress be. Her tits are literally popping out, and I’m not sure if she realizes her outfit is a bit inappropriate. But then again, who cares, at least all the horny old partners will have something to look at.
“The rest of the weekend was good” short answer, and we still have ten floors to go. 
“My weekend was good as well” Lindsay responds to the question that I never asked. “Carla left for her trip and won’t be back for another three weeks, so I have the apartment all to myself” she smiles, and I’m disappointed. Her and Carla come as a package, without Carla, Lindsay is my last priority.
“Maybe you can come over tonight?” Lindsay asks while exiting the elevator.
“Sorry, I’m busy tonight, but maybe next time?” By next time I mean when Carla is back, and we can have another wild threesome night.
I’m trying to rush through my work as quick as possible. I don’t want to be trapped here longer than I should. I have a very important commitment with Amelie tonight. 
“Hey dude, how’s it going?” I answer my cell phone while eating my lunch at the desk.
“Not bad, and you? Still on for tomorrow?” Nick asks, and I almost drop a piece of sandwich onto my keyboard.
“Yeah for sure. Can’t wait for the chicken wings.”
“So how was your weekend? I heard you got wasted on Saturday night.”
“Yeah, I did.” 
“How did it go with that new girl from work?”
“Oh my God! Do I have a story to tell you guys?” I cover my mouth with my hand and almost whisper “I had a thre...umm...three-way call...yeah I need to set up a three-way call” I say as I look at Fiona who’s standing beside me.“Will talk later” I hang up the phone and smile at Fiona.
“You had a three-way call?” Fiona raises her eyebrow.
“Yeah, for work?” I state flirtatiously and thinking Fiona would be a great addition to our fun threesome.
“Anyway, have you looked at your email? We have a briefing that I need you to attend.”
“With pleasure” I smile.
I pick up a bouquet of white roses for Amelie and wait patiently outside of the Tea House. I’m praying that we won’t be going to the homeless shelter tonight.
As soon as I spot Amelie approaching my car, I smile. I want to hide it away, but the more time I spend with her, the harder it gets. I get out of the car and walk toward her, imagining how excited she will be when I give her the flowers. But she quickly dissolves my fantasy, when she looks at me as if I just gave her a paper bag full of shit.
 “Thanks, I prefer red ones” unenthusiastically she takes the flowers. Obviously, no matter what I do won’t be good enough for her.
“This is a bit rude. A complete lack of gratitude” I growl. I have to admit I’m a bit hurt.
“What? I'm just honest” Amelie says and waits for me to open the car door. “Come on, I’m sorry” she smiles and falls into my arms. How am I supposed to stay mad now? I hold her tight and kiss her forehead, at least she’s not wearing her stupid baseball hat.
“Let’s roll” she smiles and releases my body.
“So where are we going?” I ask nervously.
“We are going to my place,” she says, and I’m ready to clap my hands. I can’t believe how easy it was for me to win the bet. I’m tempted to text Nick and ask him to bring my $500 tomorrow night.
“Sure thing” I show off my white teeth. Thank god I brushed them before leaving the office. 
She gives me the directions to the sketchy neighborhood which I’ve heard of, but never actually been to. It’s the neighborhood where you see peeling paint on houses and messy yards with dead grass. Amelie is brave for choosing to live here; it doesn’t look like a safe area.
I pull up in front of the old run down apartment building, and Amelie invites me to come up. I’m feeling edgy; finally, I’ll get to taste her.
“Keith is not home yet; he’s working at the auto shop until 9.”
That’s plenty of time for us baby; I promise you will enjoy it.
Amelie opens the door to her premises, and I can’t wait to get inside and start kissing her.
To my surprise, her apartment is not set up for sex or foreplay. The furniture in the living room is cramped together in the middle and is covered by plastic, which makes it look like a crime scene from one of the Dexter episodes. There are two buckets of paint and brushes nestled in the corner.
“You're gonna help me paint the living room” Amelie takes off her hoodie, walks to the kitchen, and places the roses inside the vase. And I’m thinking of the proper excuse to make my run. It’s either that, or I tell her I hate her.
“I can’t paint, if you haven’t noticed, I’m wearing a suit” I mumble and head to the hallway to put my shoes back on.
“Don’t go” she stops me and locks my face in her palms. Her touch is soft, and my dick is hard. I lean over and touch her lips with mine, that’s all I can handle right now if I start penetrating her with my tongue I might not be able to control myself.
“Fine” I smile and walk back to the living room. “Since I can’t paint in my suit can I take off my clothes and show you my perfect body?” 
“I didn’t know there is a mirror behind me,” Amelie says.
“What do you mean?” I frown
“Because it seems that you are talking to yourself” Amelie laughs.
“Oh whatever, not my fault, I’m perfect” I tilt my head to the side and show off my awesome jawline.
“Jeez...alright then” Amelie rolls her eyes and throws a shirt and jeans at me.
“What’s that?”
“It’s Keith’s old clothes; you can wear it.”
“I don’t want to wear his clothes.”
“Well, I don’t want you to be naked, painting.”
“Why not?” I inch towards her.
“Because it’s stupid” Amelie bites her upper lip. “Besides, God forbid you get paint on your perfect skin, it’s gonna be a real tragedy” she smiles and dimples form on her face.
She loves to make fun of me.
“Fine, I’ll change” I give her my devilish smile and start to take off my jacket and my dress shirt. With the corners of my eyes, I catch Amelie’s stare. Damn, I wish I could put on “Pony” by Ginuwine and start stripping for her.
“Can you hurry up?” Amelie interrupts my sexy routine, and I slam my nut suck into my trophy cabinet and quickly put on the ugly old jeans and the t-shirt.
“How do I look?” I ask her.
“Like a loser...ok, let’s start” she hands me in the brush and opens the bucket of paint.
“Have you painted before?”
“Me?”
Amelie looks around and asks,
“Is there someone else here?” seems to me that my stupidity is getting to her.
“No, I never painted before” I look down.
“Seriously?”
“Yeah, I bought my condo new and my parents always hired contractors to renovate our house.”
“Must be nice to have the money” Amelie needles.
“Yeah, it’s not bad” I respond and try to pay attention to Amelie’s movements.
“Ok, so, just watch me” her hands and arms move fast, and I can’t get the hang of it, so I come up with the great idea.
“I’ll tell you what Amelie, how about you and I go for dinner tonight, and tomorrow, I’ll hire you the contractors that will finish this in no time.”
“No way! Come on, don’t be a pussy, this is not rocket science. Just dunk the brush into the paint, and then move it up and down against the wall” 
I sigh. I would prefer if you move my dick up and down. 
“See...it’s not that hard” Amelie paints a good chunk of the wall while I’m still standing like a retard without knowing what to do. Clumsily I mark two lines on the wall. Why does her side of the wall look so smooth?
“Oh, look at you! You’re doing great” Amelie lies
“Whatever” I grunt, sometimes I hate her.
“So is it just you and Keith that live here?” I try to distract her with the question, so she stops judging my lousy work.
“Yeah, just us” she competently moves the brush across the wall.
“Where is your mom?”
“Oh, who knows? She comes and goes; she’s got a substance abuse problem, so…” Amelie sighs, and I’m a bit stunned how casually she talks about it.
“No family is perfect, I guess. So what happened between you and your dad?”  she changes the topic.
I’m not sure if it’s fair for me to complain about my life when Amelie had it really rough.
“Long story,” I say and stare at the perfect patch that I just painted. I’m getting good at that.
“We have time” she smiles.
I’m reluctant to talk about my family, and especially my dad. I never opened up to anyone about it.
“Well, my story is not as dramatic as yours. You might think, I’m a rich kid that has Daddy issues…” I clear my throat.
“Not at all. I like listening to you” her eyes sparkle, and I want to hold her.
“In a nutshell, we just don’t get along. We have different views on things. He’s got this successful construction company which I should be working at, but I decided to do my own thing, so I went to Law School.”
“You are a lawyer; I think that’s pretty good.”
“Yeah, thanks. Not good enough for dad though. He comes from nothing, and he achieved a lot. And by my age, he had a successful company and blah blah. So he considers me dead weight.”
“That’s not nice.”
“Whatever” I gesture with my hand and tilt my head to the right admiring my paint job.
“You’re doing great” Amelie smiles, catching my narcissistic look.
“I think so. I’m a quick learner” I grin.
“Next time you can help paint the bedroom.”
“Yes, please” I laugh.
In a short hour and a half, Amelie’s living room is done. She turned this boring task into a fun activity. Perhaps, I should invite her over, and we can paint my living room.
“Keith will be here soon.”
“I thought he doesn’t finish till nine. We still have time” I don’t know why I’m saying that.
“Yeah, I suppose. You should clean up; you can take a shower if you want.”
Can we maybe take a shower together?
“Right...Ok” why am I acting so awkward? Fucking annoying!

When I come out of the shower, I’m wearing a towel around my waist, and I’m praying that Keith is not going to magically appear and break my nose.
“Where is your shirt?” she asks and drifts her eyes to the big spot on her t-shirt.
“Aw...it’s right here” I point at it
“No shirt eh?” she smirks, and the wave of excitement runs through my body
“Just like the first day, we’ve met” she continues.
Oh, I remember, when I drove my car to the auto shop, and she was there. I almost kissed her and then she slapped me.
“Right” I smile and grab my shirt. I want to make a move, but something is stopping me, I don’t know what it is. I don’t want to scare her. I put on my pants, and as I start to button my shirt up, she comes behind me, wraps her arms around my waist and places her cold, cute hands on my chest.
“Thanks for your help” she whispers.
“You are welcome” I cover her hands with mine and take a deep breath. I’m dying to kiss her. I turn to her, press my hand against her cheek and feel her skin. I lean over and connect our lips. My lips are firm against hers, but the kiss remains soft, gentle and slow. We hold it for a few seconds before our lips and tongues begin to move in a perfect sync. I exhale through my nose, not wanting to let go. My entire body is taken over by the overwhelming feeling of panic and lust. I move my hand from her cheek to the back of her head, my fingers tangling in her long, dark red hair. I lightly pull her into me, adding more pressure to our lips, deepening our kiss. Her body trembles, I know it’s hard for her to control herself, she’s melting in my arms. I move my hand to her waist, and her shirt lifts up a little, giving me the opportunity to touch her bare waist. The smell of her perfect skin is clouding my mind. I’m fighting the urge to not move my hands further up closer to her chest. I want to feel more of her body.  She boils my insides; she increases my desire for her with every kiss.
We finally pull apart, both of us still breathing heavily, drunk of our passion.
“You should leave soon” she murmurs, looking down, she’s afraid to look up knowing that I might lock her lips again.
“You want me to go?” I press my lips against her forehead, not letting her go.
“Keith will be back soon, and I still need to take a shower, I probably smell” she pulls away. “ I hope I didn’t leave any paint marks on you” she examines my shirt, and I genuinely don’t give a shit if she did. She can take all my clothes and tear it apart as long as we stay here and kiss.
“Why does Keith hate me so much?” I stop her hand from moving and look into her eyes.  She tries to look away, but I lock her chin in my hand, so she doesn’t swerve her head.
“Because you made me cry” she brushes off my hand and walks to the kitchen.

“I better clean up here” she looks at the flowers that I gave her.
“When am I gonna see you again?” I ask and put on my jacket.
“I don’t know” she shakes her shoulders.
“Are you working at your coffee shop tomorrow?” I ask
“Yeah, from 1 to 9” she sighs
“ We can see each other after you finish work.”
I can’t believe I just said that. I’m committing an ultimate crime; I’m giving up my bros for Amelie.
“Might be a bit late” she yawns. “How about Wednesday lunch? I’m off Wednesday” she smiles.
“Sounds good. I’ll pick you up at noon then? But just to warn you, I only have an hour for lunch.”
“Why are you telling me that?”
“So we don’t drive to a homeless shelter or paint someone’s bathroom,” I say, and it makes her laugh.
“Alrighty.”
I put on my shoes and linger a little in a hallway, hoping for a kiss or a hand job, but all I get is a smooch on a cheek and a goodbye wave. I can’t believe that’s all I got for 2 hours of my time if it were work I would have billed her for $400.
Three more weeks left before the bet is over, and I’m nowhere near Amelie’s pants, well at least she kisses me voluntarily. Wonder why she’s so reserved? I thought it would be way easier. I let a heavy sigh out and start the car.

Chicken Wings

Tuesday is the game night, and the bar is overcrowded. Thankfully, Sean and Nick got us a table. 
“Hey, boys” I drop my hungry body on the chair. “I’m only twenty minutes late this time?” I take off my jacket and roll up my sleeves.
“Yeah, whatever” Sean grumbles. “Busy jerking off or what?”
“What looks good?” I say, ignoring Sean’s comment. 
“Why are you even looking at the menu, when we all know what you're gonna order.”
“Yeah, who am I kidding? Tequila Lime and Dill Pickle”
“The waitress is cute” Sean stares at the server’s tits while she’s serving the table next to us. I lack the energy to pick up, so I let Sean go for it.
“Ugh…” I shift my eyes onto the menu.
“Busy day?” Nick asks.
“Busy weekend” I grin and remember all my adventures.
“Hey, did you bone that 18 years old yet?” Sean asks, and for some reason, I want to punch his face.
“Not yet,” I say through my teeth. “But I had a threesome.”
“WHAT? Three-way call was your way of telling me you had a threesome?” Nick laughs. 
“Well...Fiona was standing right in front of me, so had to use “code” words””
“No freaking way, who did you have a threesome with?” Sean asks. 
“That girl from work and her roommate.” 
“Wow...impressive...did she orangutan you guys?” Nick asks
“What the fuck does that mean?” I ask confused. 
“You know, it’s when a chick is on her knees with her arms bent and forearms facing forward with a dick in each hand” Nick bursts out laughing. 
“Oh fuck off man! That’s fucking gross! Her roommate is a girl…” 
“That’s hot. How was it?” Sean asks and I know he’s dying from jealousy, he’s just not as good as me when it comes to picking up women. 
“Nothing special really…” I abruptly stop talking and fighting the corners of my lips from lifting up. “Oh fuck, who am I kidding, it was fucking fantastic” one side of my lip tugs upwards creating a sinister smirk as I remember my wild night with the two women. 
“So proud of you” Nick taps me on a shoulder. 
“My duty, my pleasure.” 
“So what’s happening with the teenage girl?” Sean asks as if reminding me that there is one girl out there that is not giving in into my charms. 
“Nothing is happening” I grumble and take a sip of my beer, desperately waiting for the chicken wings to arrive. 
“I warned you man that she might not be as easy as you think” Nick states the obvious. “Did you guys go on a date or anything?” 
Why do I have to give him those details? 
“Sort of…” I sigh. “Well...I saw her couple of times” I look up at the ceiling. 
“And? What did you guys do?” Sean needs to get his nose into my business. 
“We donated clothes for the homeless shelter.” 
“What the fuck dude?” 
“What? I can’t do something nice for once?” 
“Alright...jeez...don’t be so defensive!” Nick tries to calm me down. “Well...did you guys do anything else?” 
“She made me volunteer to serve lunch at the homeless shelter the other day.” 
My last disclosure almost makes Nick and Sean choke on their drinks. They don’t say anything, but I know exactly what they’re thinking–it all sounds so lame. 
“Hmm...so you only saw her twice?” 
“I saw her last night. I was over at her place” I smile remembering our passionate kiss. Damn, she’s such a good kisser. 
“Now we are talking...so…” both Sean and Nick look at me as if I’m about to tell them who killed Kennedy. 
“So, nothing.” 
“Did you guys do it?” 
“No, we didn’t,” I tell the truth. “We painted” 
“Painted what? Your dick?” Nick laughs at his stupid joke “Or did you paint her like that girl from Titanic…” he keeps throwing dumb jokes my way. 
I can’t help but laugh. 
 “No, we painted her living room.”
“Did she give you a blow job for that?” 
I wish…
“No, we just made out” I can’t believe how immature that sounds, even back in high school I got more action. 
“You’re telling me that after volunteering and doing all that crap for her, all she gave you is a smooch...Man, you are a champion!” Sean needles. 
“Whatever…” I’m getting upset now. “We have a good time together; I’m still trying to figure her out. I can’t just stick my dick inside her.” 
“Why not?” 
“Because I need to get to know her. She’s very cute” thoughts of Amelie warm my heart. 
“If we didn’t have a bet, I would think that you’re falling for this girl” Nick comes up with a terrifying conclusion, and it’s hard for me to swallow. 
“Yeah, I think so too” Sean agrees. “But I gotta tell you, man; she’s totally friend zoned you.” 
And that’s when my heart drops and my testicles disappear inside my asshole. 
 “No freaking way” I’m furious. This can’t be! I can’t be in the fucking friend zone. I rather shoot myself. 
“Dude, I gotta agree with Sean on this. She seems to be using you for her whims, and she ain’t giving you anything in return. So welcome to the club” Nick grabs my shoulder and gives me a weak smile. Both Sean and Nick are experienced in the friend zone area, unlike me. 
“No, I don’t think I am” I doubt myself. 
“Well, when are you seeing her next?” Nick asks genuinely wanting to help with my dilemma. 
“Tomorrow, for lunch” I almost bite my tongue. Lunch, of course, that’s what fucking friends do. 
“Lunch eh? Can you move it to dinner?” 
“No, I can’t. She’s working” I cover my mouth with my hand and stare at my chicken wings. I’ve lost my appetite. 
“Hey, cheer up man, you still have three weeks to go,” Nick says and takes a bite off his burger. I suppose he’s right; I can’t believe I’m falling into the friend’s zone. 
It sucks, it feels like someone has punched me in the stomach. I think my game is over. Maybe I should take a step back and run away as fast as I can. 
I check my phone in a hope to get a message from Amelie; instead, I get bombarded with the texts from Britney and Tiffany, which makes me roll my eyes. 
Sean and Nick change the topic and start talking about cars. I force myself to eat a couple of wings hoping that it will somehow fill up the vacuum in my gut. 
“Hey did you hear that?” 
“What?” 
“Supposebly Nick is buying a new car.” 
“Good for him...also it’s ‘supposedly.'””
“What?” 
“There is no such word as supposebly; there is no “B” in the word” 
“Whatever” Sean grumbles and I’m getting agitated, so I excuse myself to the bathroom. 
I splash cold water on my face. Amelie is just playing with me. Who would have thought that an eighteen-year-old could be so smart? 
When I return, we have visitors at our table–our mutual friend Vincent and his girlfriend Patricia. They are a great couple; their craziness seems to match well. 
“Oh hey, guys!” I say and try to squeeze another chair at the table. 
“Sorry, did I take your seat?” Vince asks. 
Obviously, you did, but that’s ok, I still like you. 
“No worries. What are you guys doing here?” I ask and seat next to Vince.
“It’s a date night, but Patricia wanted to watch the game. So instead of having an intimate dinner, we’re cramped together with you lovely people” Vince says with disappointment. 
“Stop being a pussy. I want to watch the game. Thank God we run into you guys; there are like no tables left here.” 
“They do have best chicken wings,” I say and look at my full plate. 
Nick and I went to high school together with Vincent. He was the smart kid, always helping us out. I like his sense of humor. He’s been dating Patricia for three years now, and we all think they are heading towards marriage. 
“So what have you guys been up to? Any new adventures for you Justin?” Vince asks with the smirk. 
“Nah...not really…” don’t want to talk about it anymore. 
“Oh come on Justin, don’t be shy” Sean needles. 
“Oh fuck off” I mumble. “Whatever...I think I’m in the friend zone.” 
“What? No way!” Vincent opens his eyes wide which makes him look Caucasian. 
“Yeah, can you imagine?”
“Who’s the girl?” Patricia takes a break from her food and gives me full attention. 
“It doesn’t matter. You guys don’t know her. She’s just a girl I bumped into...so.”
“Is she blonde?” Patricia asks, and I wonder how it is relevant. 
“No. Dark Red.” I think of Amelie’s soft long hair. 
“That’s hot” Patricia nods. 
“Whatever. You also think Asians with small dicks are hot, so your opinion doesn’t matter” Vincent is sarcastic.
“Wow, that’s rude” Patricia crosses her arms. 
“That’s fucking racist” I look at Vincent. 
“Oh whatever, it’s true though. I can say that; I’m fucking Asian if you haven’t noticed.” 
“Yes, we know…” Nick rolls his eyes. 
“Great talk guys” I give them thumbs up. 
“Ha...sorry...are you sure you are in the friend zone though? Maybe she’s just shy? Not every girl is a whore and jumps into your bed on a first date” Patricia says.
I guess I haven’t thought that. 
“Perhaps. We make out a lot” I try to think of something positive. 
“See… I don’t think you are in the friend zone unless she started telling you about her boyfriend” Patricia clarifies and I’m sort of glad to get girl’s outlook on this situation. Of course, I’ll keep our bet with the boys a secret; I’m pretty sure Patricia won’t approve of that. 
Maybe Patricia is right, and Amelie has her boundaries, she makes guys work for it, is she a cock tease? What am I supposed to do? She keeps turning me down when I ask her for dinner. I think I’ve got an idea in mind and if it doesn’t work out, then I will accept my defeat.  



Friendly Lunch

Amelie is waiting for me outside the apartment building. To my surprise, she changed her outfit a little. She’s still wearing an oversized hoodie, but this time her jeans look tighter, her hair is pulled back in a messy ponytail. Nice. Natural.
I get out of the car to greet her. Unfortunately, I didn’t get a chance to buy her flowers. I need to make sure I get her red roses next time.
“Hi!” She smiles wraps her arms around me. Is that a friend’s hug?
“Meelie” I call her and kiss her forehead “Sorry I’m late.”
“No worries. I’ve only waited for 45 minutes.”
“Seriously?” I ask terrified.
“I’m kidding, I was only waiting for a few minutes” She smiles and pulls away. No kiss. Obviously, we’re just friends. Sick of this high school.  She walks ahead, and I can’t help but check out her perfect shaped butt. The excessive amount of saliva appears in my mouth, and I hope I’m not drooling like a dog.
“Where do you wanna go?” I smile and watch her put on a seat belt
“I feel like Pho.”
“Pho?”
“Yeah Vietnamese soup.”
“I know what it is.  Are you sure you want that? We can go somewhere nicer” she’s a cheap date.  Correction–she's just my friend.
“Nah…not dressed for the occasion” she smiles and I stare at her like an idiot. “We should probably get going” she’s hinting that I should stop glaring at her and start the engine.
“There is an awesome little restaurant just in a plaza around the corner.”
I hate using chopsticks; I was never good at it, I end up splashing the oily soup all over my dress shirt.  Amelie laughs, great; I’m glad I’m just a clown for her.
“Take a spoon!” Amelie slides a spoon over my way.
“What about noodles?”
“Just use the fork” she chuckles. Well, at least I make her laugh.
With Amelie, I’m not afraid to look silly or act myself. She doesn’t seem to judge me, and I don’t need to wear a mask. I just hope being myself will be enough for me to break through the friend zone.
“Doesn’t it taste good?” she asks.
“Yeah, it does” I finally give up on my chopsticks and use spoon and fork instead.
“I know the best food in town” she smiles. 
She probably does, usually small restaurants–holes in the walls, have the best food. 
After we finish our soups, I only have ten minutes before my lunch hour is done. I’m starting to realize how much I enjoy spending time with her, but unfortunately, time seems to be flying at an enormous speed when she’s around. 
“Do you need to go back to the office?” she asks as I pay our bill. Eighteen dollars for both of us, she’s the cheapest date I’ve ever had. Even if I don’t sleep with her and lose the bet I want to take her out on a proper date. She has to have good memories of me. 
“Yeah…” I check my phone “ I think I can take an extra half hour” I smile, and it makes the corner of her lips go up, and it’s the best reaction that I can think of. 
“That’s cool. Can we grab some ice cream?”
“Aw...you want an ice cream?” I pull her in and put my hand around her waist. 
“Yes,” she shyly looks down and I press my lips against hers. She reacts to the kiss, and we start our make-out session. 
“Your change!” an angry Asian man hands me the coins. 
“Keep it.” 
I park the car in front of a family ice cream shop. Of course, Amelie needs to support local home grown stuff. I can’t argue with that. This particular ice cream shop has been around since before my parents were born. I remember dad took Madeline and me here once before he started to hate me. 
“What flavor do you like?” I ask Amelie 
“Strawberries and chocolate.” 
“That’s traditional” I kiss her cheek, I can’t seem to keep my hands off her. I need her beside me. I want to smell her skin. 
Amelie orders two big scoops of ice cream, and I go for cookies and cream flavor. 
I quickly finish mine while Amelie is still struggling with hers. 
“Do you need help with that?” I flirtatiously ask. 
“No, I’m good” she licks it, and this ice cream looks bigger than her head. 
Alright, I’m way past lunch hour. I need to drive her back. 
“Look at you; there is ice cream all over your mouth” I reach for a napkin and try to clean up her face. I lean over to her, and nothing else matters. As I touch her cold lips with mine, the smell of strawberries fills my nose. My hands are tight on her waist. She opens her mouth inviting me for a visit; our kiss is in perfect sync. I pull her even closer to deepen our kiss. Her kiss, her smell intoxicates me. 
“Excuse me” an older lady pushes past me, trying to get inside the ice cream shop and we are blocking the entrance. I guess she doesn’t approve of our soft porn kissing. 
“Oh sorry” I unlock my lips and move to the left together with Amelie. 
“You should get back to work,” Amelie says. When she’s about to take another bite of her ice cream, we realize her cone is empty, and two scoops are melting on the floor. We haven’t even noticed how it fell. 
“Oh shit!” I laugh “Do you want me to get you another one?” 
“Nah, I should watch my diet anyway” she smiles. 
“Do you want to meet for lunch tomorrow?” 
God, why can’t we go out for a proper dinner? 
“Can we have dinner instead.” 
“Umm...I work from 1 to 9” she sighs. 
“Aw ok. I’ll pick you up at twelve tomorrow and drive you to work.”
“Well, thank you. I have a personal chauffeur now.” 
Ouch...I hope that’s not all I’m to her. 
“Great…” I look down. 
“I’m just kidding, don’t be so sensitive. We can grab food and hang out.” 
Can we grab food and have sex? 
“Sounds good” I smile. 

As I get inside the office elevator and stare at myself in a mirror, I see a different person. My face is all red, and it’s...glowing?!...what the hell? My cheeks are burning. God damn it, I’m so pathetic. I have to admit though, that kiss outside of the ice cream shop wasn’t friendly, it was passionate. I know she wants me just as much as I want her. 
My good mood helps me get through my work very fast. I’m enjoying every minute of today. Nothing can get me down today even additional tasks or projects. 
“I really enjoyed our lunch today...and ice cream” message from Amelie. Aw...I did too. Tomorrow will be even better. 

“Hi, there Justin” Britney’s hand rests on the back of my head. I take a deep breath and turn around. 
“Hi” I grumble. 
“Where have you been? Never responded to any of my texts.”
I didn’t respond to your texts because I genuinely don’t give a shit. It’s simple as that.
“Working, you know? Busy” I turn back to my desk and look at my computer screen. 
“I need your help” she sighs and stands beside me, so my face is almost on her tits. 
“What is it?” 
“My car got serviced today, and I need to pick it up. Could you please drive me?” she smiles. 
Why me? Doesn’t she have friends who can help her? Or just take an Uber? Or even better take the bus. 
“Please, Justin” 
She corners me. I’m just going to do it so she can leave me alone. 
“Fine” I reluctantly say. “We leave in an hour.” 
“Perfect!” her face lights up “It’s close to your place so no detour for you.” 
Please, Britney, say no more!

An uncomfortable silence fills up the car like a bad smell of rotten egg fart. We have absolutely nothing to talk about. Why does she even want to spend time with me? 
“You are so quiet today,” Britney says and looks out of the window. 
“Just normal” I want to tell her that all we ever did was fuck. 
I’ll drive her to pick up the car and then tell her that we should not see each other anymore. 
The next thing I know, without a warning Britney bends over and unzips my pants. I don’t have time to react when she frees my dick from tight boxers and embraces it with her warm lips.
“Fuck” I let out trying to concentrate on a road.  My dick quickly grows and turns into a thick rod.  My brain wants her to stop, but my dick thinks otherwise. Britney begins to moan sweetly, she’s really into it, caressing my round knob of pink flesh and massaging my nuts. I keep my two hands on a wheel.  Britney groans harder and louder; her movements are faster and harder as if she can’t wait to swallow my semen.  I want to come and get it over with already.  I’m about to release my load when Britney stops and asks to pull over.  Oh for Fuck’s sake, what’s now?  
I turn off from the major road and drive to a quiet street.
“Just pull over there” Britney points at the deserted alleyway.
As soon as I put my car in a park, Britney jumps on top of me and starts to ride my cock so fast that even the car catches up with the rhythm.  I want to finish, and selfishly of me, I don’t care if Britney will reach a climax.  I grab her ass and skewer my dick harder and deeper inside.
After we finish having sex, I come to the conclusion that my heart and cock weren’t that into it. I need to diplomatically let Britney know that I no longer want to see her, and the fact that we have casual sex doesn’t mean that I like her or that we’re dating.
I watch her get inside the auto shop, and as a real true coward, I drive off without talking to her.
That evening I get a message from Amelie wishing me a good night and telling me how much she enjoys spending time with me.  My chest tightens as I read her message, and I’m not sure where it’s coming from. I have to work so hard to rationalize my actions–sex with Britney. I wasn’t into it, she literally threw herself at me, I keep telling myself, and why do I need to justify myself anyway? But guilt is not letting go. One hour passes, and guilt is eating and pestering me like gasoline in my guts. Fire is burning in my mind and throat. Remorse hits me like a sledgehammer.  Why? Why? I’ve never used to feel this way before.  I never was committed to anyone, even now rationally thinking I’m not attached to anyone.  I’m free to do whatever I’m pleased to; I keep repeating to myself.  But when I close my eyes in an attempt to get some sleep all I see in front of me are the pure, innocent eyes of Amelie.  


Gift

For our second official cheap day date, Amelie picks a deli that serves the best sausages, sandwiches and subs in town.
We grab a table outside on the patio, and our knees almost touch under the narrow table.  Amelie eats her sandwich with the greed as if it’s the last time she will ever consume food.
“Take it easy...You’re going to choke, and I’m gonna have to revive you, you know, do mouth to mouth.”
“Ha... you wish...you dirty boy,” she says with the smirk
Oh, you have no idea how dirty I’m. Goodness, things I would do to you my darling. Sigh.
“I think mouth to mouth is not part of CPR anymore.”
“Oh really? Well...I would still do it to you.”
“Of course you would” she laughs and finishes her sandwich. I grab a napkin and wipe the sauce smeared on her face.
“You are such little...” I pause.
“Piggy?” she smiles.
“I was gonna say, baby.”
“Oh...”
The weather outside is perfect. You have to love the beautiful warm sunny days that invite summer dresses and short shorts onto the streets. The wind is somewhat cooling, refreshing in combination with the sunshine.
“Did you see those?” Amelie turns and sees a girl who’s wearing a short skirt that reveals her long legs and a see-through top that’s tied in a knot on her belly and whose big tits are bouncing up and down as she struts along the street.
“See what?”
“Boobies!” she almost yells.
“No, didn’t notice” I lie.
“Shut up! I’m sure you saw it!” she grabs my forearm and looks at me.
“No, I didn’t” I can’t help but grin.
“Hmm...Somehow I don’t believe you, but I have to admit I didn’t see you staring” she bites her lip.
Of course, you didn’t see me looking because I checked her out ten minutes ago. You have to be quick with those sorts of things.
“Look at that...” she points at the three girls walking in front of us. All three of them are wearing shorts that resemble more of a belt as it barely covers anything.
“Yeah, I saw that” the truth finally comes out.
“You did, did you? I didn’t see you looking though”
“Amelie...” I stop and look at her. “You have to be quick with these things. I saw those three as soon as we left the restaurant.”
“Really?”
“Oh yah...as soon as I saw them my eyes were scanning three blocks ahead. That big tit girl, I saw her before she even left the house” I attempt a joke.
“Seriously?”
“No, I was kidding, but I tell you one thing I’m quicker in these things than you’re. You’ll never catch me” I wink.
“Right. Are you just as quick getting girls into your bed?” She raises her eyebrow, and I swallow a lump in my throat. I have no answer. 
I drive her to work and walk with her to the coffee shop. 
“Thank you for lunch” She smiles and I touch the curl of her hair. I tilt my head to the side and lean over. She succumbs to my passionate kiss.
“When do you want to meet up next?” she asks as we pull apart.
“I’ll text you” I kiss her forehead. 

I ask Madeline to meet me after work. I might need a woman’s opinion on the matter. I finish all my of work tasks on autopilot because, of course, all my thoughts are preoccupied with Amelie. Why does time fly when I’m with her? Why do I even want to spend time with her  knowing that sex won’t be involved at the end of the day? Why do I tell her things and why does she listen?
I wait for Madeline outside the bookshop that she works at. She’s running behind, and I’m getting agitated. I don’t like waiting, but then again,  I’ve been waiting to have sex with Amelie for so long. I probably won’t be able to get it up anymore by the time she says yes to me. Sigh. Why am I doing this to myself? I keep staring at my phone, expecting to see a message from her. I’m a fucking pathetic loser. God, please free me from this obsession. I keep reminding myself that as soon as I sleep with her, all my feelings will fade away.
“Are you praying or something?” Madeline asks while walking my direction.
“What?”
“You were looking up, staring at the ceiling or something, so looked like you were praying” she laughs. She’s almost right.
“Whatever...let’s go.”
She walks beside me looking like a zombie as all her attention is glued to the phone.
“Are you updating your Instagram?”
“Yeah…” she snaps a selfie of the two of us.
How much do I hate social media, words can’t describe. No privacy. Most of it is also bullshit and fake, make me want to puke.
“So what are we doing today? Why did you need me?” Madeline finally pulls the head up and takes a break from her phone.
“You know, I just wanted to spend time with you.”
“Oh come on, cut to the chase already, what do you need?”
“I need you to help me to pick a dress.”
She stops and grabs me by the forearm.
“Oh my God! I can’t believe you finally came out! Now we can go to the gay clubs together!” she laughs.
“Oh shut your mouth when you’re talking to me” I try not to laugh.
“Is the dress for me?”
“No.”
“Mom?”
“No.”
“Britney?”
“NO!”
“Justin, who’s this girl?” Madeline looks surprised.
“Well…” I don’t want to talk about it.
“Oh, I get it! It’s that co-worker who you got that ugly plain button up shirt for?”
“Was the shirt that ugly?”
“Well, it wasn’t sexy. So is it her?”
“Not quite.”
“What does that mean? It’s not for your co-worker.”
“It’s complicated.”
“Justin, just spit it out.”
“It is for the same girl, but she’s not my co-worker” I exhale.
“Who is she? Do I know her?”
I really hope not.
“I don’t think so.”
“Why are you buying her dress?” Madeline frowns.
“Because I want to do something nice.”
“Hmm... So when are we going to meet her?”
“Probably never,” I tell the truth after the bet I’m not planning on seeing her again.
“Oh. So it’s just a temporary thing then?”
“Yep.”
“How old is she?”
I feel like I’m in a courtroom. How many questions is she going to ask him?
“Why do you want to know?”
“Just cause. She’s old, isn’t she? It’s Fiona?!” she points at me.
“What? No!” I walk ahead, and all I want for Madeline is to help me pick a dress and stop talking.
“Same age as you?” she lifts her eyebrow.
I don’t respond.
“You’re scaring me right now; do you take her to the early bird special?”
“She’s not old, alright?” I turn away.
“Has she graduated high school?”
“Yes! She’s 18!” the truth slips out.
“18?! Why do you need to buy a dress for the 18-year-old? Just buy her a chocolate bar, she would be happy with that” Madeline laughs.
“Are you going to help me or just make fun of me?”
“Alright...alright,” Madeline says and walks into the store. “This is my favorite store; I usually buy my cocktail dresses from here. You know the ones that make you look sexy.”
“Gross.”
“ Ha...let’s see…” she starts to look through the clothing rack. “ Her size is small right?”
I nod.
“What color of the dress?”
“Oh, I don’t know.”
“Of course you don’t. Well, what’s her hair color?”
“Reddish, dark red” I smile when I think of Amelie.
“Ok. What about her skin tone?”
“Beautiful” my answer is so dumb, but I couldn’t help it.
“Are you sure she’s just temporary?” Madeline looks at me suspiciously.
“Just please help me find a dress” I grumble.

An hour later and there’s no success at finding anything. None of the dresses are good enough for Amelie.  Madeline is cranky and tired, dragging her feet behind me.
“I’m tired” she whines.
“I know, me too” I sigh. “But I need to find something for her.”
We make another attempt and enter the last store in the mall. Another half an hour of searching and Madeline gives up.
“Dude, you are worse than a woman! Can’t make up your mind. Samantha Jones was right about men “ You could lay your pussy on a table right in front of one and still not know what he’s thinking”” She quotes a line from a show.
“That’s disgusting Madeline” I can’t believe she said that “Who the hell is Samantha Jones?”
“Girl from Sex and the City...Duh”
“Sex and the City? Isn’t like an old show? I don’t think you were even born when it first came out.”
“It’s classic” she argues.
I look over at the dresses. Madeline is no much help for me anymore. I almost give up on the idea of the perfect gift for Amelie when I feel the perfect material–a dress that is made of silk–like her skin. I take it out off the rack, and it’s exactly what I’m looking for. Elegant, sexy and seducing.
 “That’s nice” Madeline runs up to me and touches the dress.
“Ah! Four hundred dollars? Jeez! I want to meet this girl. She’s definitely got you.”
That’s just a tip of the iceberg; she has no idea that I spent $1000 just to have a twenty-second dance with Amelie.
“Maybe” I respond.
“Do you like her?”
“Oh for sure” suddenly slips out “I mean, no.”
“So yes or no? Actually, you don’t need to respond, you dumb face gives away the answer.”
I go to the counter and pay for the dress. I can’t wait to see Amelie wearing it. I just hope she doesn’t turn down the gift.  My plan is all set. Saturday I’ll finally have sex with Amelie, and then I’ll collect my winnings from Nick. No more giving control to Amelie, she will be playing by my rules now.
***
I put the present box containing the red dress and a note inside my desk. I need to make sure I hide it from unwanted eyes and provocative questions. My initial plan was to take the present myself to Amelie during my lunch hour, but that came down crashing when Fiona requested my presence at the boring lawyers meeting during lunch hour.  Of course, my request to see Amelie this evening was turned down, what else would I expect from her? My doubts are starting to creep in again. I was so confident yesterday after I got that awesome dress but after getting another rejection to meet up after work, I feel low. This present is my last attempt to knock on Amelie’s doors, literally.
I keep glancing at the reception desk, waiting for Lindsey to leave so that I can mail my package. I’m trying to avoid her as I haven’t returned her five hundred messages.
I sprint to the desk as soon as Lindsay disappears.
 “Hello, Justin” Michelle greets me. “What can I do for you?”
Can you fire Lindsay?
“Umm…Could you please mail this for me?” I smile.
“Absolutely, where is it going?”
“Tea House” I clear my throat.
“Oh, same place as the last time?”
“Yep. Address to Amelie” 
“Will do” Michelle gives me a dry smile.
“Also, can it get there by 1 pm?” I know that’s when Amelie starts work.
“Of course, Justin.”
Michelle seems nice, too bad she’s not my type at all. Too plain for me and I’m too shallow for her.
“Hey there” there it is, the kid’s voice high on helium I recognize. Why didn’t I make my escape sooner?
“Hi, Lindsay” I pretend to smile. She looks at me expecting more. I take a step back and contemplate my escape, but Lindsay doesn’t get the hint and inches forward my way.
 “I have to get back to work” I scratch my forehead and take a step to the side when she stops me.
“You never returned my messages,” she says with pity. How else can you interpret my silence? I’m not into you; I’m not interested in you unless your roommate is involved and we can have a wild threesome.
“Sorry, been busy” which is partially the truth. Just let me know when your roommate is back and then I’ll make sure to respond to your message. 
“Catch up later” I grin and turn around, attempting my exit. She doesn’t stop me. Thank GOD! 
It’s going to be a great Friday night for me; I’m spending it at work, penetrating case files.


My eyes are open

I fiddle with the napkin to occupy my apprehensive hands. I keep checking my phone. My heart is pounding so hard against my ribcage as my pulse pressed outward, jerking the veins within. My breaths come in sharp pants, and I try to gain control, but nothing is working.  I take a sip of water in order to distract myself. I feel just like I’m in one of Eminem’s rap songs. My palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy. I look down to make sure I don’t have a vomit on my shirt. I’m looking around this expensive restaurant and scan all the happy couples. I hate them.
She’s twenty minutes late, and with every second my hope is dissolving. She’s not going to show up, and I’ll spend my Saturday night all alone in my loft. 
I arranged for the car to pick her up forty-five minutes ago, and it takes half an hour to get to the restaurant. For the first time in my life, I’m being stood up. Rejection is an awful feeling. Wonder if that’s how all the women that I lied to feel? Hmm...something to think about.
 
Another twenty minutes later I pick up my nut suck and get ready to leave when a miracle happened. I’m seeing a God or Goddess, to be precise. My stomach is dropping to the ground. My heart is hammering, but I keep my gait casual with no hint of hesitation. She approaches closer, looking absolutely stunning, red silk embraces her body, it’s seducing and hypnotizing.
Her long dark red hair falls in mesmerizing waves down her back. 
If she asks me to marry her and have five children, I would. Right now all that matters is her.
 “Marr...Meelei” Jeez...almost asked her to marry me. I pull out a chair and wait for her to sit down. “I’m so glad you came” I try to hide my nervousness behind my smile.
“Well...not yet.” 
My jaw almost drops. She’s naughty. Feels like we just exchanged the roles. I’m an innocent young girl, and she’s a cocky, arrogant man. 
“To be honest, I didn’t really want to go. But I didn’t want to hurt your feelings” she sits down and looks at me.
“How kind! Thank you” I look away. Again, she just has to say something like that, just to keep me on my toes. “Did you like the dress at least? Or I should’ve bought you a hoodie and a baseball cap instead?” I roll my eyes.
“I do like this dress. You probably spent a lot of money on it,” she says and puts her head down to look at the menu. “What looks good here?” 
You look good. You look perfect.
“So why didn’t you want to come? You didn’t want to see me?”
“I did want to see you. I just feel a bit uncomfortable in places like this”
“Why?”
“Too upscale for me. I prefer Pho.”
“Of course you do. But I thought maybe we could change it up somewhat” I smile.
“I see. God, I don’t even know what any of those items mean? Is this menu in English?” she looks up at me.
“Yeah, it is.”
“What the hell is beef tartare?”
“It’s pretty much a raw beef.”
Amelie’s face stretches into a disgusting grimace.
“That’s so gross.”
“It actually tastes good.”
“You can have it then.”
“I think I might” I take a sip of water. “You know I’m surprised you’re not vegetarian.”
“Why?”
“Cause you are all about the environment and helping people. I thought you would be a vegan and eating quinoa and beans.”
“You know it’s funny you should say that, but quinoa is a bit controversial.”
Controversial? How does she even know this word? Amelie, have you forgotten that you’re only 18?
“How so?” I ask.
“Well...it comes from South America, and it’s been used by the indigenous population as a great source of protein for ages, but then celebrities had to brand it as a super food, so now native population of South America can’t afford to buy quinoa” Amelie sighs and looks over at me. “You don’t care, do you?” she raises her brow.
“No….I mean of course I do.”
“Don’t lie!” she smiles.
“I’m not lying! I’m just thinking that we should all just starve ourselves so we can help others” my cynicism is coming out.
“No kidding eh?”
Look at that; she can be cynical as well. My crazy matches hers.
“Do you want wine?” I ask.
“Hmm… may be one glass, but if I get drunk, can you promise not take advantage of me?” she smiles.
How can I?
“I promise” I cover her hand with mine.
I teach her how to use different cutlery, but I know she’s uncomfortable with that and probably feeling like a fish on dry land. She doesn’t let her spirit down though, she’s still cracking jokes and lets out a snort when she laughs. She’s not afraid to be herself even when she’s out of her comfort zone, and I don’t pretend when I’m around her. She knows who I’m.
Three hours pass in a matter of minutes. We are that couple who everyone is jealous of. Both stunning, both so into each other, both laughing hard. 
“That was so good!” Amelie says finishing her tiramisu.
“Did you like that?”
“The best thing I’ve ever tried” a quiet burp suddenly comes out “ Shit...did you hear that?”
“Hear what?” I grin. “This table is making weird sounds” I look underneath it. 
“Haha...Good one! Sorry. That was a bit unexpected” she covers her mouth. Why is she so ridiculously cute?
“All good”
“The wine was delicious too” she wipes her lips with the napkin.
“Do you want another glass?”
“NO! One glass is enough!”
“Are you sure?”
“100 percent. This wine makes me want to kiss you. Imagine if I have more?” she winks.
Baby, I wish you would want to kiss me without having wine.
“I can’t imagine” I grin.
“Well, thank you for dinner.”
“My pleasure! I’m glad we went on a date.”
“That’s not our first date though! What about our pho and deli date?”
“That doesn’t count.”
“Yes it does” she argues. 

We leave the restaurant holding hands. It feels so bizarre like we actually have a relationship.
“I had great time” she finally shows genuine appreciation, and I’m ready to kiss her.
“So did I. Do you work tomorrow?”
“Not till the afternoon.”
Perfect! We have to continue our evening especially when she looks so gorgeous.
“Ummm… I can drive you home, or we can go somewhere else...or we can go to my place and watch a movie” I say with hesitation. I NEED to have more confidence when I’m with her.
“What do you want to do?” Amelie asks and puts on her seat belt.
Have sex with you…
“It doesn’t matter” I lie. Why am I acting like a pussy? I thought I wanted to take the matter into my own hands.
“We can go back to your place.”
WHAT? I think I just got an instant boner. I’m ready to scream from excitement. Amelie will finally be in my bed; my hard work is finally paying off.
“Alright” I start the engine and try very hard to hide my buzz. 

“This is a nice place,” Amelie says while walking inside my loft. I shut the door after her. This is the moment I searched for. Amelie and I are alone, the mood is all set, and I know it will be easy for me.  I lean over and kiss her lips; I know that once I kiss her neck, her resistance will crumble. A run my hand through her gorgeous hair; my kisses become harder and more urgent. Another hand slides around her waist and pulls her in closer. My kisses move toward her shoulders; she’s breathing heavily.
My hands get a hold of the zipper at the back of her dress, and I start to pull it down.
“Wait a minute! Stop!” She brushes off my hands and steps back.
“Why?” I move forward.
“Because wait…”
“What’s wrong?”
“First tell me how do you feel about me? Do you like me?”
“Isn’t it obvious?”
“I don’t know, you are a big player, so I can’t tell.”
“I do like you,” I tell the truth “What about you?” as soon as I ask, I regret it. Why the hell do I want to know?
She grabs my hands and looks at me.
“I like you, Justin. I like you a lot. In fact, I think I’m falling in love with you..”
My dick just inverted. The lump in a throat blocks my breathing. Why is she so honest and open? What am I supposed to do now?
“Ummm...hmmm…” I have nothing to say to her, absolutely nothing.
“It’s ok, Justin. You don’t need to say anything” she comes up to me and locks my lips. Our kiss is passionate. I move my hands back to her zipper. She pulls away once again.
“My stomach is going crazy.”
“What?”
“There is this strong feeling, and I think I should run away now before it’s too late” she looks down.
“Why do you want to run away?” I wrap my arms around her.
“Because I’m in love with you” she whispers.
My chest tightens, I have to choice but to zip up her dress. I can’t take advantage of her. 

“I want ice cream!” suddenly she says. “Yes let’s get an ice cream or gelato.”
I can use ice cream on my cock right now.

At the ice cream parlor, Amelie stands with hands spread over the chilled glass like sea stars. I think the wide choice of flavors puts her mind into a happy tingle of possibilities. There aren’t just all the flavors but all the possible combinations.
“Cap or cone?” I try to help with the choice.
“Cone, of course. A waffle cone dipped in chocolate with sprinkles” she licks her lip.
“I’m going for Belgian chocolate” I made my decision.
“So boring! Always the same!” Amelie needles.
“Whatever.”
Geared with our ice creams that look bigger than our heads we walk down the street. Amelie quickly licks her ice-cream to the right it, it begins to slump precariously to one side, and there is nothing worse that losing the entire scoop to the dirty sidewalk like it happened last time.
I can’t keep my eyes off her, even simple thing she does I find so amusing and cute. She’s in love with me; she wasn’t afraid to tell me. She doesn’t expect anything from me. She didn’t demand my response. I’m going to miss her. Perhaps I should forget the bet and just leave her alone? Can I break her heart so cruelly? I’m sure she’ll survive, no doubt she had boyfriends before, I’m not the only jerk on this planet.
“Do you like your ice cream?” she interrupts my thoughts.
“I do! It’s fantastic!” it even made me forget sex.
“Hehe! The best thing ever, isn’t it?”
She’s such a kid, even when she wears this classy, elegant dress. That’s it; she’s not going anywhere from me! I steal a passionate kiss from her; her hands tremble, the ice cream tilts and two scoops of premium pistachio and mango ice cream land on the sidewalk.
“What a waste!” Amelie laughs and wipes her mouth “It happened again!”
“Shit! Sorry!”
“Stop kissing me! I get imbalanced when you do!” she sticks out her tongue and teases me.
“Do you want mine?” I extend my cone to her.
“I don’t want your boring ice cream” She taps her foot on the ground. Oh god! She’s such a toddler.
“I’ll buy you a new one” I lock her face between my palms and kiss her nose.
“You better…” she looks grumpy.
After a heavy make out session on the sidewalk and in the car, Amelie finally breaks from my bear claws.
“I gotta,” she says while pulling away.
“So when will I see you again? That’s the main question” I run my hand on a steering wheel.
“I dunno. I’m working tomorrow and the day after. May be Tuesday?”
Tuesday? Hmm...my boys night. I’m not a man; I choose to spend time with Amelie.
“Cool. We can go for dinner again” I suggest.
“I’ll pick the restaurant.”
Of course, you will, might as well just get a hot dog.
“Deal! Food and a movie?” I grin “I pick the movie!”
A new Marvel movie is coming out, really want to see it. Wonder if she’ll share my passion.
“I think Dr. Strange is out, I wanted to see it,” she says
Ok, this is official, we are soulmates. We match.
“Freaking fantastic!” I say in a high-pitched voice.
“I’ll text you” she kisses my cheek and opens the door.
“I’ll walk you home” I rush out and help her out of the car.
“Look at ya, such a gentleman!” she laughs.
“Well, my mother trained me well!”
I feel extremely “lucky” when I see Keith pulling up in front of the apartment building. Wonder if he was following us? Fucking creep!
Amelie presses her tiny body against my chest and waits for a kiss. I’m hesitant to insert my tongue into her mouth in front of Keith; you never know if he has a rifle inside his car.
Instead, I kiss her forehead and watch her get inside the apartment. As soon as she disappears from my sight of vision, I get ready to run, or sprint like Usain Bolt, to my car, just to avoid Keith’s glare.
“Hey, you!” I hear Keith’s voice behind me.  I’m not going to turn around; I’m only two meters away from my car.
I hear his footsteps approaching. I clench my fists and get ready for the attack.  He has no idea who he’s dealing with; I was good at wrestling back in high school.
“Hey, I’m talking to you” he grabs me by the shoulder and tries to stop me. I reluctantly turn.
“What?” I say with anger.
“What do you think you’re doing?”
“Excuse me?”
“With my sister…”
“Not any of your business,” I say through my teeth.
“It is my fucking business” he points his finger at me, and I want to crush his face.
Why does Amelie have to have a scary older brother? Why can’t she have a hot older sister instead?
“What do you want, man?” I ask stepping backward.
“What do you want from my sister?”
“Nothing...we’re friends.”
“Yeah, right.”
“I can’t be friends with her?”
“Save this bullshit for Amelie, but I’m telling you, I’m watching you” Keith shows me a fist.
“Yeah, ok” I turn and inch forward to my car. Why can’t we just all get along?
“I’m serious, man.”
“Justin…”
“What?”
“My name is Justin” I finally introduce myself.
“Yeah, whatever. Look, she’s not as tough as she seems. I don’t want her to suffer?” he looks at me with his eyes full of sincerity.
“I understand” I attempt half a smile. Keith doesn’t react and walks away.
While driving, I can't’ get Keith’s and Amelie’s words out of my head. He’s her older brother; he’s watching out for her. I reckon I would be the same with Madeline; she’s my younger sister, she deserves best. I would be upset if someone took advantage of her. There is that feeling in my stomach, a soft mixture between nausea and electric tingles.  I remember Amelie’s face when she told me she was in love with me. In love with me? But why? I’m not a nice guy, do all women like jerks?
What am I doing with Amelie, I hate the day when I ran into her, my life was less complex without her. Now I question myself and my decisions. Fucking hell. What a great night we’ve had though.  Her skin is so soft. She turns me on like no one ever did before. I want her with every fiber of my body. I need to have sex with her; otherwise, I’ll never forget her.

Perfect Companion

I get to the office at 7 am, need to make sure I leave on time. Still, need to pick up Amelie and have food before the movie.
I dial Nick’s number to let him know that I have to cancel our chicken wing night.
“Hey dude, how’s it going?” I greet Nick with cheerful voice.
“Oh fuck! What time is it?”
“7 am.”
“What are you doing up so early?”
“Sucking dick...what the fuck do you think I’m doing? I’m at work. Hey, listen, about tonight, I can’t make it.”
“What???”
“Yeah, I’m busy, actually.”
“With what? Banging whores?”
“Whatever...so yeah. Can we do tomorrow night instead?”
“Yeah I think so, I’m free. I’m sure the freeloader Sean is not busy either. So why are you cancelling?”
“I have a date” I come clean.
“What? Are you cancelling on us cause of pussy? God, you are a champ.”
“Gotta go” I hang up the phone as I spot Fiona walking by. She’s wearing tight black pants, damn her ass is nice and round. 

I grab my lunch from the cafeteria downstairs and get ready to indulge in my food at my desk when, of course, I get interrupted by...Tiffany...jeez, haven’t heard from her in a while.
“How’s it going?” she asks.  She’s so freaking boring. I think I would rather get paper cuts on my nuts than talking to her. But I guess she’s better than Britney because that girl would probably jump on top of me and start riding my dick right here, right now. 
“I’m fine” I stuff my mouth with the sandwich and try to chew. Forget good manners; I can care less.
“We haven’t seen each other for awhile, sorry I’ve been so busy” she grins.
I didn’t ask; I don’t care. 
“All good” I let out with my mouth full.
“We should catch up later on” she winks.
Can’t wait! She must be horny. Maybe not getting enough with her boyfriend, perhaps I can get together with her Thursday night.
“Absolutely!” I give her a lustful look.
I try not to run into Fiona and make my escape safely when I catch a glance of someone I haven’t seen before. A new girl with the big jugs and the lips the size of spare tire, she can probably suck a dick inside out. I lock my eyes with her. I’ll have to talk to her later. 

I pick up Amelie right on time, and we grab a quick meal in one of the hipster cafes.
I can’t wait for the movie; I’ve been looking forward to watching Dr. Strange for weeks. I just hope Amelie won’t be talking during the show. I hate when people do that. When I’m in the theater, I want to concentrate on the movie, not on anything or anyone else. I do love cinema. Even though I’m 25 almost 26, I still feel like a ten-year-old kid when I walk through the door and see the big screen. 
We go to the theater early. I need to make to sure I snag my favorite seats. 
“I’m pretty excited for the movie,” Amelie says, and I wonder if she’s sincere or she’s just trying to be polite.
“Really?”
“Yeah, I love Marvel movies” she smiles. Why do you always say the right things?
We take my favorite seats at the back, right in the middle of the row. I love back seats not because I want to make out with Amelie but because I hate being bothered by people behind.
This is perfect; I’m hugging my family-sized popcorn and watching previews. I allow myself a few slurps of pop while watching trailers. Amelie is mute, all I hear is a quiet crunch of popcorn. 
Even during sad moments, Amelie is silent; the expression on her face gives out her mood. I put my hand on her thigh and smile, she turns to me, and I can’t resist her dimples. She leans over, and I touch her lips. Suddenly I don’t care about the movie. I move down to her neck; her breathing comes out in short panting.
Loud grouchy cough next to us reminds us that we’re in public, and we shouldn’t forget a common decency.
 
“There are kids here” she whispers in my ear.
“You’re kid.”
“Shut up, and let’s watch a movie!” she orders and pulls away. 
I stay still until the end of the movie. I let her watch it, even though my hands are itching to touch her waist and her soft skin. 
“Such a good movie!” she says and gets into the car. “But no more making out at the movies” she winks.
Why not? I thought teenagers like that.
“I agree…so where to now?” I ask. 
Let me guess; our evening is over; I’ll drive her home where Keith is waiting for me with an axe. Oh yah, I’ll also get one last kiss from you, which will turn me on so much that I’ll probably end up with blue balls and incredible pain, might as well just slam my nuts on the toilet seat.
“Home…”
“My home or your home?” I make a little joke.
“My place” she smiles. Of course, it’s your place. What else would I expect? 
I can’t see Keith’s car by the apartment. Wonder if he’s spying on us from some bushes…ugh…can't wait till it’s all over.
“Do you want to come up?”
I need to hear that again.
“Come up?”
“Yeah, just for a minute.” 
I swallow a thick saliva in my mouth. Wonder what that means. Can never trust a woman. I shouldn’t get my hopes up though; she’ll probably ask me to fix her toilet. I should start carrying emergency Amelie kit which would not include condoms but instead change of clothes in case I have to do a labor work for the community or apartment renovation. 
“Keith is at work.”
“That sounds promising…” I grin.
“Ha..let’s go!”
As soon as we enter her apartment, I apprehensively look around, waiting for the tool box or home renovation project to appear.
“What are you looking for?” she asks and takes off her hoodie and baseball cap, her beautiful long hair fall on her shoulders.
“Hot…” slips out and I can’t help but stare at her perky breasts in a tight black tank top. Goodness…where is her bra? “Umm…I said it’s hot in the apartment, do you find?”
“No…” she smiles.
“OK…” why am I so fucking nervous?
She struts my way. I want to tell her that I’m not made of steel, and she should put her hoodie and baseball cap back on. Confidently, she places my naughty hands onto her waist and looks at me.
“Justin…”
“Yeah…” I murmur.
“I told you I was in love with you…”
Oh god, here we go again.
“It’s ok, if you don’t feel the same, you don’t need to lie to me.”
Her words wake up a guilty conscious within me.
“Oh come on Amelie–…”
“…No” she covers my mouth “I want you to be my first.”
My dick just disappeared inside my balls.
“WHAT? You’re virgin???”
No freaking way…
“Yes, and I want you to make love to me.”
Before I’m able to say anything else, Amelie’s tongue prevents me from talking. She occupies my mouth, my insides, she wakes up the passion and feeling that I didn’t think existed. There is no resistance, and my hands are caressing her bottoms. I quickly remove her baggy jeans and leave her black cotton underwear on. I cover her neck with my warm lips, gently biting her ear. Nothing is going to stop me. Her body can’t resist anymore; it’s shivering with each touch of my hand. Her hands are stroking my back, pressing me closer to her.
“Let’s go” she takes my hand and leads me to the bedroom. Unquestioningly I follow her lead. She closes the door behind her and turns on the side lamp. She wants to see my face, and I want to look at her.  She takes off her tank top, exposing her breasts, and sits on the edge of the bed, waiting for me to take control.  I admire her tiny waist, fragile shoulders. Underneath her skin, I see her every blood vessel, her nervousness, her trust, her love.  She’s so delicate, innocent and pure. Guilt is taking over inside my chest. It clouds my head and paralyzes me.
She’s looking at me with her big green eyes, trusting me with her body and soul, perhaps waiting for me say the words.
“I’m sorry, I can’t” I look down, turn, and leave her bedroom. I rush outside and sprint to my car.

“Pull it together, you pussy,” I say to myself and slam my wheel with my hands. What’s wrong with me? Why couldn’t I do it? Why doesn’t it feel right to take advantage of Amelie? Why is my heart fills up with tenderness and care when I look at her? So many questions, but no answers. Who the fuck can I talk to about this?  Nick and Sean will think I’m a faggot if I show emotions. Madeline is too cynical to understand. Fucking feel lonely.
I take out my phone from my pocket and scroll through my contacts. I should meet up with Britney or Tiffany, or even Lindsay. Meet up and do what? Fuck?  And then what’s next? I run away like a coward. Jeez.
I can’t sleep, I just lie as if asleep until my side is painful and I must shift to my back or another side. Every time I shut my eyes, Amelie comes to my mind. My girl. So real. So trusting. No bullshit, no lying.
The long minutes drag into even longer hours, but I refuse to look at the clock. I wish it were morning already. My heart won’t stop beating.   Maybe I should just go into work and dive into my files? Will that distract me?
I’m just a fucking loser. Why did I run into her? I keep asking myself this question. If I haven’t met her, my life would only consist of fun and casual sex. Just how I like it. But Amelie had to storm into my life and turn it upside down. She just gives her 100 percent and doesn’t expect anything in return.  How can I tell her that my rejection last night is because of me and not her?
After a tortured eternity, the room begins to get lighter, traffic outside becomes more distinguished.
I throw back the cover and stumble to the bathroom. Even a cold shower doesn’t help me. I feel like shit; tired and exhausted.
On autopilot, I get to the office and start my day. I’m avoiding my legal assistant and everyone else in the office.
I manage to keep away from everyone for almost half a day, but Tiffany somehow manages to catch me in the kitchen when I prepare my afternoon coffee. She waits for everyone to leave when she comes close to me and starts her seductive talk. I have to keep telling myself not to roll my eyes.
“So, when are we gonna get together?” she licks her lips and touches my chest with her hand slipping down to my package.
“Tiffany, don’t you have you boyfriend?” I ask through my teeth.
“Yeah.”
“Then what are you doing holding my nuts?” I rudely brush off her hand and walk away.
“Fucking jerk” I hear her say.
“Whatever…slut”

What should I do?

Unfortunately, I’m not able to cancel my night with the boys. No matter how I tried, it didn’t work; they want to know what happened yesterday. What am I supposed to tell them?
On a Wednesday night, the bar is empty. No games are on. Fantastic, so all of their attention will be concentrated on me.
As per usual, I run twenty minutes behind, this time it’s not because of work, but because I don’t want to be confronted.
“Hey…” I wave at Sean and Nick and sit down.
“How did it go last night?” is the first question Sean asks and I want to punch him.
“What do mean?”
“Oh come on man, did you fuck her?”
Ahhh!!! I have to hold myself back; I need to count to three. I need to remind myself Sean is my friend and an idiot, that doesn’t have any manners.
“NO! I didn’t” I growl.
“See, I told you she wouldn’t put out” Nick cuts in.
“It’s not that…She opened up to me; she was ready…but”
“…but what?”
“I couldn't.”
A shock registers on Nick’s and Sean’s face.
“I didn’t know you already need a hit of Viagra” Nick laughs.
“Fuck you! That wasn’t the problem.”
“Then what?” Nick is getting impatient.
“It felt wrong, so wrong. She was helplessly lying there, and I couldn’t take advantage of her”
“Are you in love with her or something?”
Fucking hell! Am I???
 “No way. I think it was just a glitch. I wasn’t myself.”
“Are you sure? Do you want to give me $500 now?” Nick extends his hand to me.
 
“No freaking way, I know I’m going to win. She’s practically mine; I just shouldn’t over think it. This week I guarantee you, I’ll sleep with her!” I put on my fake player smile even though my heart is not at ease. 
 “Jeez, man, it should be simple. Zero or one?” Nick says
“What does that mean?”
“It means yes or no answer! You want to do her or not?”
“Yeah” I want Amelie’s body more than anything, but something in my head doesn’t seem to connect.
“Then just do it!”
“Yeah I know, thanks for the great advice.”
These guys don’t seem to understand me; I guess they’ve never seen an emotional side of me. I’m feeling lost, all I know that being apart from Amelie feels like torture. I don’t have the courage to send her a text or call her. She was probably confused about my reaction last night. The fear of losing Amelie suddenly hits my insides. It squeezes my stomach into one big tangled knot and makes it hard for me to breath. 
Another sleepless night awaits for me. Ten text messages that I’ve sent to Amelie have been ignored. Clearly, she doesn’t want to hear from me. Without warning, the paralyzing hurt spreads through my body like icy, liquid metal. I miss Amelie; I miss talking to her. I’m tempted to go over to her place and see her. When I look at the watch, it’s almost midnight. Keith won’t appreciate me showing up at their doorsteps. I’ll have to wait for tomorrow; I know she has a late shift at the coffee shop on Thursdays.

My loud annoying alarm goes off; slowly and reluctantly, I uncover my face. I blink, close my eyes, and blink again. Streaks of sunlight penetrate the window and blind me. I sit up, drag my feet off the bed, and rub my knuckles onto my eyes. I stretch my arms above my head and yawn. It’s going to be a long day in the office, and I need coffee the size of my head.
Even Fiona notices that I haven’t been myself the last couple of days. Perhaps because I don’t have a lustful glare anymore, or maybe because I look like garbage due to the sleepless nights.
Time is moving painfully slow today. It’s the second day of morbid torture of not knowing what’s happening between Amelie and me.

Five hours later I’m finally prepared to ditch my case files and escape from Alcatraz.  I manage to wiggle my way out from the office without Fiona noticing my disappearance. I just can’t stay past 5 o’clock tonight.
Apprehensively I’m waiting for the elevator to arrive when I hear the clicking of the heels behind me. God, please, I hope it’s not Fiona.
“Hello there…” Linsday sticks out her tits and smile.  Jeez…completely forgot about her. 
“Hi,” I say dryly. What does she have to say now?
“You know, I feel a bit hurt by your silent treatment” she’s referring to me not returning her 500 hundred messages. The elevator is taking forever.
“Sorry I’ve been busy” come on already, get the hint.
“Oh I see…well look, Carla is back, but just for two days before she goes off again. So she and I are having an intimate dinner and drinks at our place tonight, and I thought maybe you want to join us.”
Suddenly my mouth goes dry, and blood flows to my dick. I haven’t gotten laid in awhile, and the night with Lindsay and Carla was so hot. My cock is throbbing just by thinking about it. Fucking hell.
“So what are you saying?” she raises her eyebrow and licks her upper lip. The elevator door opens, and I only have a second to make my decision.
“Umm…” I let out and watch her stepping inside the elevator. My opportunity for a hot fuck is slipping away.
“Next time!” I say and watch elevator door close. Great. Fantastic. I’m a fucking loser, that’s all I have to say about that.

While driving to see Amelie, my heart is pounding; I can feel every single pound in my chest. I press on the gas to accelerate; I can’t wait to see her. Unbelievable, I turned down a threesome so that I can see Amelie. If my boys only knew what I’ve become, they would be surprised.
 I didn’t buy flowers, I keep wanting to buy her red roses but always forget. Maybe it’s a good thing my hands are empty; I’m quite sure if I gave her flowers today, she would shove it down my throat or up my ass. 

For some reason I’m apprehensive to go inside, I’ve been hiding in my car for the past ten minutes. I spot Amelie inside, working away. I don’t even know what I’m going to tell her. I take a deep breath and get out of the car. 
The coffee shop is almost empty, and I make way to the counter. As soon as she sees me, she turns around and walks away. 
 “Amelie, wait” I call her. 
No response. 
“Please, I need to talk to you.” 
 Her supervisor walks over to her and whispers something in her ear. 
“I just need a minute of your time” I’m not giving up. 
She finally drifts her eyes onto me; her eyes are full of sadness and mistrust. It breaks my heart. 
“Please…” I murmur and look down. 
She walks around the counter and inches my way. 
“Can we just take a quick walk?” I try to smile. 
“What for?”
“Just cause” 
“Fine.” 
She takes off her apron and walks ahead. I have few moments to think of everything I’m going to say. For some reason, my vocabulary suddenly shrank. The only word in my head is Amelie. 
“What do you want?” Amelie rudely asks as we exit the coffee shop. 
“Umm...are you mad at me?” Why am I even asking? Obviously, she is. But I want to know exactly why. Ugh…Women are so hard to understand. I never know what any of them are thinking or plotting. 
“Am I mad at you?” she repeats my question. “No I guess, I’m not, I’m just confused.”
“About what?” 
“About us…” she looks at me, and I have a sudden urge to kiss her. “I mean, I know you’re not in love with me or anything, I’m not delusional…”
Wow, that’s harsh. 
“...but I thought you found me attractive as a woman, but then you rejected me and wouldn’t sleep with me” she walks ahead avoiding the eye contact. 
I rush after her. 
“Amelie wait…” I gently grab her forearm and stop. “It’s not like that. You have no idea how much I like you” saying those words make my inside boil. 
“Then what was wrong? Is it because I have no experience? You know I’m a quick learner.” she attempts half a smile. “ I know, I’m nowhere close to any of your other girlfriends who know what they’re doing…” 
I cover her mouth with my hand. She has no idea that I would trade all my sluts just for her one kiss. 
“Shhh...Amelie...stop talking” I lean over and finally touch her lips. She drives me crazy. She hesitantly responds as if my answer is more important than our kiss. 
“I find you attractive, very attractive and you have no clue how much effort I have to put in, to not cross the boundaries with you. You think it’s easy for me to restrain myself when I see you, when I touch you when you wear a sexy red dress or a black tank top without a bra? Do you have any idea how hard it is? You think I’m made of steel or what? I’m no robot; I’m a man, I have my needs!” I sigh. 
“I guess, I don’t know.” 
“Yeah, you don’t…” I snap “And please let me not get started on the pain and agony that caused by the temporary fluid congestion in the testicles.” 
“What the hell is that?” Amelie looks confused. 
“Blue balls.”
“Oh, I’ve heard of that” weak smile appears on her face. 
“Be happy you will never experience that pain.” 
“I guess. Guys never have to experience period pain.” 
“I suppose. Anyway, my point is, I want you really badly. I do want to sleep with you; I want to have sex with you,” I almost say making love, but frankly, I don’t know what making love means. It sounds foreign to me. I never use that term, for some reason I consider it tacky. “I just want to take the time. Is that ok? Just don’t take it in the wrong way.” This is the first time I say something like that. It’s official–I’m a sensitive pussy now. 

Amelie’s face lights up; her eyes fill up with joy. She’s trusting me again. She believes me. 
“That’s nice” she smiles and falls into my arms. “You’re a good guy” she looks up, and once again guilt runs through my veins. I’m not good for her. She’s trusting a jerk. 
“I should probably get back to work” she murmurs, and I keep her locked in my arms. 
“Maureen won’t be happy” she refers to her supervisor and with a long exhale I let her go. 
“Are you working the whole weekend?” 
“I’m working Saturday, but I’m off Sunday” she makes a sad face “ Why?”
“Oh, I was going to ask you to go to Central Coast overnight.” 
“Overnight?” she asks with the smirk. “ Wow, that would’ve been nice.”
“Yeah, it would’ve been, but you’re working. So…”
“Well do you want to just do a day trip?” 
Hmm...I think Amelie is the only person who can keep me entertained the whole day. 
“That’s a good idea” I kiss her forehead. 
“I’ll see you soon then?” she winks and tries to wiggle out from my embrace. 
“Deal!” I finally let her go and watch her getting inside the coffee shop. 
I think I’ve made the right choice by choosing Amelie over a threesome. I feel relieved, Amelie and I are solid, and nothing will change that. At least that’s what I think. Sunday will be great. I’ll take her to my favorite spot. We can have lunch at the beach and do a hike after. God, who knew I could be so romantic. I need to make sure I’ll remember the flowers this time.
 Before I park, I scan my surrounding to make sure Britney is not parked in the visitor spot. You never know with that girl. I breathe out, everything is clear. I’m going to have a quiet evening tonight. 
 Just before going to bed my phone vibrates, and a smile registers on my face. I automatically assume it’s Amelie. I’m greatly disappointed to see Dad’s number display. This is not going to be good. 
“Hello” I answer and clear my throat. 
“Hi,” dry greeting from Dad. What is it going to be now?
“You’re coming over tomorrow?”  
Yeah, I’m glad to hear you too. I’m doing well, thank you. 
“Yes.” 
“I have to talk to you.” 
My heart starts to beat fast. Every time I speak with my dad I feel like a little kid that is in trouble. 
“Ok.” 
He hangs up the phone. Dad has the great ability to be brief and straight to the point. 
What does he need to tell me? That I’m worthless, that I’m not doing anything with my life. I wish I could skip the dinner all together.
I try not to think about it and think about Sunday instead. The time with Amelie is what I need. I feel good when I’m around her. I’m never bored when I’m with her. Unfortunately, the rational side of me knows that nothing will ever work out between us. 

Dinner with the Devil

I know my father is home when I see his BMW parked in the driveway. I can only imagine the long table in our kitchen, whose day job is to hold magazines, mail, and all other useless crap, shift into something else. Mom probably dressed it up nicely with placemats and napkins so that it can look perfect for our fake family dinner.  My father at the head of the table is looking miserable as per usual. I have no doubt Mom will be serving steaks just to keep him happy, and when he is insulting me, mom will let an exasperated sigh, signaling that we’ve all had enough.
I stare at our house, that is the result of a hard labor of foreign workers. Our family home is starting to resemble one of those houses that rich people buy when they get paranoid about having too much money. I can’t help but think that my family just built a beautiful prison for themselves.
I take a breath and ring the door bell.
“Hey bro!” Madeline says with the cheerful voice.
“Hey sis” I give her a hug.  Even though I can’t see him yet I can feel his presence, the hair at the back of my neck stood up.
“The dinner is ready” Madeline pulls away and walks ahead.
“Late again. When are going to respect others time?” dad’s voice is yelling from the kitchen. I look at my watch, and it’s 7:02 pm, two minutes late, I have to work on that.
“Come on, Mark, he’s not even late” Mom is trying to calm him down.
“He should always be early…”
“Ok, I get it, dad, I screwed up, can we eat now?” I say irritated.
“Yes, darling, please sit down,” mom says with the soft voice.
I take my seat and get ready to shove the steak into my mouth, chew it as quickly as humanly possible, and run away from this prison.
Every moment spent next to my father feels like an eternity, it always feels like I’m sitting on needles and with his rude comments one of the needles pierces my ass and travels through my blood straight to my heart.
“So how’s work going?” dad asks and waits for mom to serve him.
“Good” I respond dryly and wait for him to make a passive-aggressive comment.
“Must be good to work for a boss.”
Better than working for you.
“Yeah, it’s good.”
“So, when are you going to make partner,” he asks and takes the first bite of his steak.
“Not for another ten years probably,” I tell the truth and try not to look up at dad. I’m afraid that if I catch his eyes, I’ll turn into stone.
“Ridiculous” he grunts, “What a waste of money and time, you go to law school then slave yourself to become a partner to make decent money. You made a wrong decision” he glares at me. I squeeze my fork harshly and try to breathe. To avoid the conflict, I never stand up to my father. I just let him talk and humiliate me.
 “You’re right” I sigh and force myself to eat.
“Should’ve worked for me. You would’ve been somewhere already”
Yeah, I would’ve been in hell. No doubt.
“Or do something on your own. But I guess you don’t have a creative mind for that.”
“True that. I’m no Mark Zuckerberg.  Going to live a miserable life and die poor.”
“Don’t be a lout.”
“I’m not. I’m just saying” I look over at mom and Madeline, they both look uncomfortable, being caught up in our dispute. None of them dare say anything. I can’t believe mom married him. What did she see in him? Is it all because of money? That’s what this world is about. Maybe that’s why I’m attracted to Amelie; money means nothing to her.
 “I want to change the subject” finally Madeline comes to my rescue.
“I’ll pay you a million dollars to do that,” I say.
“You would never have a million dollars” of course, dad has to bring me down.
“Any way…” Madeline continues “ I got into grad school!” he eyes light up.
“That’s great!” Dad’s face stretches into a big smile. It’s obvious Madeline is a Daddy’s little girl. Wonder how it feels to be loved by a father?
“Good for you! I always knew you could do it!” Dad’s words of encouragement feel so strange, but I guess Madeline is used to it. Makes me think that perhaps I’m not Dad’s biological son.
“Honey, this is so wonderful!” Mom gives her a big hug and smile.
“Congrats, sis!” I give her hi-five.
“It’s great news, at the end of your studies, we can look and see if we can start a new venture,” Dad says with an excited voice.
I’m clearly not fitting in into this perfect family picture. I’m totally out of my party mood, so I should probably go home and kill myself.
“There is a deficit of good scientists out there, unlike lawyers, there is certainly an abundance of them in this country.” 
“Alright then. I’m gonna go now” that is the last straw, I can’t be here anymore.
“Oh come on, Justin, sit down, you haven’t finished your meal” mom is trying to defuse the situation.
“I’m stuffed.”
“Oh, Justin, just sit down. I was only kidding” perhaps Dad realizes he went too far.
“Great joke,” I say sarcastically and give him thumbs up.
For a few minutes we are all quiet, and I finally taste delicious steak.
“So Madeline, how much is the grad school going to cost me?” dad asks laughing.
“Oh, I’m not sure yet” Madeline looks down, and I’m tempted to tell her that she’s better off taking a school loan.
“Speaking of money, how’s everything with Britney?” dad turns his face to me.
WHAT THE FUCK?
“Since when are you interested in my love life?” I snap.
“Since I found out that you are dating Britney Blinman.”
“We’re not dating!” I look angrily at Madeline, why can’t she keep her mouth shut?
“Well not yet…but you will be soon.”
“Excuse me?”
“Her father is a great entrepreneur and very wealthy.”
“So?”
“God, you’re definitely not the smart one in the family.”
“This is it! I’m done” I get up and head to the exit. Words can’t describe how angry I feel. Why so much hate, dad? Why so much mockery?
“Justin, wait” Mom runs after me, I turn to her. I feel sorry for her; she has to live with that angry man.
“You know how dad gets, he doesn’t mean it!” she makes an excuse for him. I don’t know how to react to the fact that dad is pimping me. I guess he considers me brainless, so he wants to use my charm and my looks.
“Of course he doesn’t…Mom, I gotta go” I give her a hug. Mom is a precious cargo; she deserves better.
 “Take care, Justin” She strokes my cheek, I know she feels bad about the way dad is treating me, but she’s too helpless, his authority overpowers her. “I’ll call you” I give her a dry smile and walk to my car.
How can I accept the fact that dad and I will never get along? What is it about me that irritates him so much? Is it the fact that I didn’t want to work for him? Or because I chose law as my career? Fucking hell. How can I make him happy? I wish he could be proud of me for once. I hate to admit how much I sought for his approval. Just for once I want him to call me his son, or even give me a hug. I would even be happy if he agrees with a decision that I make. It doesn’t need to be a big decision; it could be something simple like taking a trip somewhere.
I hope that the long drive will help me to clear my head. Madeline tries to reach me on my cell, but I don’t feel like answering.
Speed doesn’t calm my nerves. I need to speak with someone. To avoid distracted driving, I put my headphones into my ears and dial Amelie.
“Hey Justin” her soft voice warms my heart.
“Hey, ba…” almost called her babe “…Meelie. How are you?”
“Not bad, just finishing up here.”
I’m tempted to see her, but my gut tells me not to, I just know she will turn me down.
“Are you tired?”
“Exhausted” she responds.
“Poor girl” I smile “anyway, I should probably let you go, don’t want to interrupt you.”
“That’s ok; I have few minutes. How are you?”
“Not that good.”
“Oh no, what happened?”
I can’t tell her about my problems; she will think they are stupid.
 “Nothing, really.”
“Justin???”
“Yes?”
“Tell me what’s wrong” she insists.
“I had a fight with my dad,” I confess.
“Was it bad?”
“It wasn’t good.”
“I’m sorry to hear that” there is sincerity in her voice.
“It’s fine; the guy just hates me for some reason.”
“Oh come on, I’m sure he doesn’t hate you. You probably just have different personalities. It will work out.”
“Ha…yeah right.”
“I promise you; it will.”
For some reason, her naïve words make me feel better.
“But one thing, Justin.”
“Yes? What is it?”
“No matter what your dad tells you, you should always stay true to yourself. Don’t do something you don’t want to do just to get his approval, do what makes you happy. Because at the end of the day it’s your life…” she inhales “ Also, even if your dad will never agree with you, just remember one thing…”
“What is it?”
“There are people out there who love you and who you make really happy” she takes a breath.
“Are there?”
“Of course!”
I assume she’s talking about my sister and my mom.
“You make me happy, and you are very important to me…” she murmurs, and my stomach squeezes. What the hell does she see in me?
“I’m glad,” I say. I want to tell her exactly how I feel about her, but I’m too scared, I can’t take that responsibility. “I’ll see you tomorrow” my girl, my baby.
“See you tomorrow, Justin.”
Amelie makes me feel alive. Sometimes I think she’s lying about her age. She’s too mature for being an 18-year-old teenager. She can get through me; she makes me believe that I’m a good person. She only sees the best in people. 

Amazing Date

I’ve been waiting for the morning for so long that I barely believe my eyes when the sharp shadows cast by the street-lamps through my blinds start to fade, diluted by the onset of daylight. The silence is broken by the chorus of birds. I think it’s too early to be up, but it’s hard for me to go back to bed. Too many thoughts are running through my head. I’m too excited to spend the full day with my girl, and the excitement raises my heart beat which makes it impossible to sleep. I swing my feet over the side of the bed and sit up, rubbing the “sleep” from my eyes. I stand up, my bare feet pressing softly against the carpet and walk towards the window.
This morning isn’t gray but soothing lavender and brilliant amber. The colors merged into neon pink and peach.
Strong coffee is what I need. I check my phone for any messages. I send a message to Amelie wishing her a good morning. She’s probably still in bed. I’m not picking her up for another two hours.
I get a response from her right away “I can’t wait to see you.” I want to go over to her place right now and hold her in my arms. Why does she live with her brother? That guy would love for me not to exist. Ugh. Family. Can’t chose them. Just going have to suffer. 
The first sip of coffee is magical. I love it. It’s soothing, always makes me happy.
Nothing interesting on social media. Why do I even bother?  I think I should delete all of my accounts. It serves no purpose to me. I already get enough messages from all my women, and I’m sick and tired of staring at the fake selfies. I can care less about what everyone is doing–who took a shit, who ate what. All of that is SO boring.
Another sip of my strong coffee goes down quickly. Time is moving slowly. Not fair. When I’m waiting to see Amelie, time drags on like a snail, but when I’m with her, it dissolves without a trace.
After an hour of doing nothing and staring into space, I get dressed and leave the house.
I’m fifteen minutes early to pick up Amelie. I guess I'm just impatient that’s why I showed up early. 
“I’ll be 5 minutes” her text message reads, and I believe her, it doesn’t take her long to get ready, because she doesn’t wear five layers of makeup and she doesn’t need to do her hair because it always lays perfectly against her flawless skin.
We’re going to grab breakfast on the way to the beach. I’m craving another coffee already. 
I see Amelie approaching from my rear mirror. To my surprise, she’s wearing jeans that fit her figure and the top that compliments her beautiful neckline and fragile shoulders.
Her steps are too rushed, so I don’t get a chance to get out of the car and open the door for her.
“You are too quick,” I say and watch her get in.
“Or maybe you’re too slow” she winks.
“Slow could be good in certain circumstances.”
“I can imagine” she laughs and leans over to me, locks my face in her hands and gives me a smooch on my cheek. That’s not going to work for me. I turn my face and catch her lips. God damn! I have to remind myself to keep my hands on my wheel and not her perky breasts.
“Argh,” I angrily let out as she pulls away. “Ok, ok, I have to be strong.”
“Yes, you do.”
“It’s just hard!” I say and start the car.
“Well, it’s hard for me too you know. At least you know how it feels to have sex, try to be a horny virgin.”
My jaw drops when I hear her words.
“You are so naughty” I glance over at her.
“You have no idea” she winks. 
I want to hide her in my pocket and carry her around all day.
“I wanted to save myself for marriage,” she suddenly reveals.
“What? WHY?” I frown and look over at her.
“Why not?”
“Well I don’t know, are you ok with just having one partner for the rest of your life?” I ask and try to keep my eyes on the road.
“Isn’t that supposed to be ideal?” she smiles. 
Her words make me think, are humans supposed to be monogamous? I always thought that more women I’ll sleep with, better it is. Maybe I’m wrong. 
“So are you still saving yourself for marriage?” I cautiously ask because just a few days ago she offered herself to me.
“Nah… I changed my mind” she smirks.
“Why?”
“Because I’ve met you” she smiles. “So I don’t want to wait until marriage.”
“What if I propose?”
“Ha, don’t bullshit the bullshitter” she laughs “I might come across as naive, but I’m not stupid. You don’t have to lie to me.”
“I’m serious though! You don’t think I will ever get married?”
“Oh come on Justin! Really? I think we are too different.”
“So? Opposites attract,” I argue.
“True, they do. But do they work?” she raises her eyebrow.
What the hell? Can you act like 18 years old and be more convincible? 
“You never know” I smile at her and pull over to my favorite breakfast place.
“It’s time for some breakfast!”
“Oh, good idea! I’m starving! I hope my breath doesn’t smell bad” she looks at me.
“It doesn’t. What about mine?” I get conscious and try to smell my breath by blowing into my hand.
“No, you’re fine” she laughs.
“Phew thank God, I thought I might have a coffee breath!”
We grab a table by the window, and as soon as we slide on the chair, we are served an enormous amount of food. I get a real breakfast–bacon, and eggs. Amelie gets a big mountain of pancakes.
“So what do you want to do when you grow up?” I ask her while taking the first bite of my breakfast. She hesitates with the answer, but I have an idea. She probably wants to save the world and volunteer in Africa. 
“Well, I do want to do some volunteering.”
I was spot on with that! I grin.
“What’s so funny about volunteering?”
“Oh, absolutely nothing. I just had a feeling you would say something like that.”
“I guess you know me well” she shows off her dimples. “What about you?”
“I think this is it” I have a proud look on my face.
“A lawyer” she sneers.
“What’s wrong with that?”
“Nothing.”
“May be I want to be a human rights lawyer.”
“YOU? No way” Offensively, she says.
“That’s rude” I gloom.
“No but seriously…you? Human rights lawyer? Come on we both know that it would never happen!”
She’s probably right. 
“Like you?…hello?! You would be like: “dude, you are in jail, and it’s your fault. Sorry, I have no empathy for you”” she imitates the way I speak.
“Gosh! So rude! I would never!” I argue.
“Please, I know how you are” she almost laughs “Hello…” her voice goes down a tone trying to recreate male’s timbre.
“Hi, my name is Justin Cuthbert, and I’m so hot, I love slamming bitches, all I care about is sex, money and partying” she slicks her hair to the side trying to act like me.
I can’t help but laugh because she’s so damn accurate! 
“Shut up! I don’t talk like that” I try not to snort.
“Oh, you do! You are so full of yourself” she giggles. “Hello, I’m Justin Cuthbert, and I’m so awesome” she imitates my voice once again.
“You are so rude!”
“Whatever, you like it!” she winks.
I do. I love it. She makes me laugh. She’s real.
 “Ok, stop now” I wave in front of her, signalling that it’s time for us to continue with our breakfast “Anyway, so besides volunteering what else would you do?”
I ask even though; I know the answer. Something to do with homeless.  
“I just got accepted to the University.”
“Oh, right on! What for?”
“Bachelor of Social Work”
Why am I not surprised?
“Ha, I knew it!”  
“Yeah, of course, you did!” she needles.
“Whatever. It’s predictable; you want to help people”
“I do. Nothing’s wrong with that” she smiles and finishes her pancakes.
“Come on, little girl, hurry up now!” she’s teasing me.
“Jeez...just give me a minute! Not everyone is a garburator.”
“Shut up! I’m a lady” She straightens up her back and pulls her chin up.
“Ha. Sure you are!”
You are my lady, my cutie, my happiness. 
“Just give me like five minutes to finish here” I scan my abundance of food and sigh. Amelie picks a piece of bacon off my plate and puts it in her mouth. I give her irritated glare.
“God seems like you want to kill me.”
“It’s my bacon” I act like a kid.
“Do you want me to spit it out?” she laughs.”Man and their food, touching their food is a big taboo.”
“Indeed. It’s my food, get your own,” I say jokingly even though I mean every single word.
“Alright, alright, I get it! You’re just like Keith” she rolls her eyes. “Don’t you guys get it? The food on your plate tastes so much better than if I order it.”
“Argh,” I grunt.
“Fine, I won’t touch your bacon! Just hurry up already, I want to get to the beach sooner than later,” she orders.
“Ok, ok” I rush through my food and place the last piece of bacon in my mouth. It breaks over my tongue, perfectly crisp, perfectly salty. The flavor is like a bomb in my mouth, exploding in all the right ways. 
After our epic breakfast, we jump in the car and continue our journey.
The coastline is brilliant in the morning sun with its chalky white ribbon of cliffs shrinking into the distance. Below the cliffs are beaches of sand. The ocean shore is a gateway, a place where the aquatic and earthly worlds collide. 
There is a lot to explore; we can take a long walk along the beach. Holding hands, walking next to each other. How romantic is that? I admit I love the beach; I can walk for miles. There is nowhere else I can go for so long without crossing a man-made structure. 
Thankfully the beach is quiet today; the whole world is ours. I park the car and start our stroll.  Sand is gentle beneath our bare feet.
Salty, ocean air creates a perfect wave to Amelie’s long hair that falls loosely around her face.  Under the fading sun, it appears bright red. Perfect color.
We walk along the ocean shore, no one speaking a word, everyone lost in their own thought. The water is still cool but feels refreshing on my feet. The silence between us feels comfortable, not forced, just peaceful. Amelie stops, closes her eyes to the lullaby of the ocean, she’s breathing its salty breath.
“You like the ocean?” I ask.
“Shhh…I’m enjoying the moment, meditating”
“Of course you are.”
“You should try, just close your eyes and relax.”
“Ok,” I whisper and blankly continue to stare at Amelie. “Stop staring at me and look at the ocean.”
How does she know I’m looking at her? Her eyes are closed!
I listen to her advice and drift my eyes to the water. The salty taste of the air on my tongue and the scent of the sea in my nostrils is like a time warp. I remember my family, my father who was less miserable when I was little. Overall, I had a great childhood, privileged to be precise.
“What are you thinking about?” she whispers
“My father,” I tell her the truth
“Oh, that angry man” Amelie opens her eyes and looks at me.
“Yeah him” I let out a sigh
“Do you have siblings?” she asks.
“Yeah, a sister. Why?”
“Just wondering.”
“What about you? Is it just Keith and you?”
God, I hope she doesn’t have any other older brothers.
“Just Keith and I. I’m fortunate to have him. He’s my world” she smiles.
He’s definitely not my world.
“Amelie...that’s a very pretty name.”
“Yeah, it’s French. I have no idea how my mother came up with that. I’m thankful for this beautiful name” corners of her lips lift up, and I wonder what else is she thankful for? She finds joy in smaller things.
“Murray is not a French last name”
“Nah, it’s a boring one.”
 “Yeah, it’s pretty boring” I laugh, and she attempts to punch my gut, but I cover it with my arms and grab onto her forearm. I pull her in and search for her lips. They taste salty.
Seven hours later we find ourselves back at the car. I can’t believe that it’s close to the sunset. The time betrayed me again; it flew by without asking for my permission.
“I can’t believe it’s almost five o’clock” I look at the watch with frustration.
“I know, it’s getting late.”
“Are you hungry?” I ask in the hope she will say yes so I can take her somewhere nice and have more time with her.
“Not really. We just had food.”
True we did. Beach cafe served us delicious sandwiches.
“Hmm…Do you want to come over, maybe watch a movie?”
God, I feel like such a teenager. Back in high school, coming over and watching a movie meant blowjobs and sex.
“Sure” to my surprise she agrees. Well, she did mention she was a horny virgin.  I better not run away. Maybe we should just really watch a movie to avoid any awkward situations.

Sweetest Pain
 
“Your place is just so awesome!” Amelie comments while walking through the door. 
“Oh yeah? Do you want to move in?”
“No, thank you.”
“Why not?” I ask while closing the door behind me.
“Come on Justin; I thought we agreed on no bullshitting!”
“I’m not bullshitting, I’m serious” I pause; I need to think for a moment if I would consider her moving in. I clear my throat. “Well, we’ll see how the next couple of months go” I smile. “Do you want anything to drink?” I ask
“Just water. So what do you want to watch?” she looks over at my TV.
“Doesn’t matter.” 
I fill up a glass of water and hand it over to her. She touches my hand and puts the glass on the kitchen counter. She’s my drug. Her simple touch and my intoxication is instant.  We both gaze into each other's eyes for few seconds, not a word is spoken by either of us.  I’m getting lost in her eyes, lust takes over my mind and no sooner without any authority I clutch my hands onto her hips, leaning her against my body. With the kiss comes electric tingles. I begin to kiss her neck. Her scent sends me into a heady trance. I can’t wait any longer.
“That feels so good,” she says panting.
“Does it?” I ask without any interruption to my kisses. 
She locks my face in her little hands and kisses my lips, gently pulling on my hair. Her kiss is hard which makes my hands slip down to her bottom. I press her body closer to me. 
“Are you excited?” she asks while tilting her head back.
“Can you tell?” I grin, assuming she can feel my boner.
“Oh yeah,” she laughs.
“Sorry” I look down.
“It’s ok. I’m glad I turn you on” she winks “Can I touch it?”
“You want to touch my dick?”
“Ah! Don’t say that! Sounds so dirty!” she covers her ears with her hands.
“Coming from a horny virgin?” I laugh, “Fine; you want to touch him?”
“I do. Can I?”
“Goodness. More teasing for me! Sure, go ahead.”
Softly she strokes my boner through my pants.
“Oh wow! It’s so hard! It’s big. Is it?” she asks me.
“Well, I don’t know.”
“You should know if it’s big or not” she laughs “I’ve never touched a penis before.”
“I haven’t either. Just my own” I grin.
“It feels big” she keeps going up and down with her hand and all I can do is breath heavily.
“Thank you. May be you think it’s big because you have small hands” I want her to keep going. Things I can teach her.
“Argh,” I growl. “Stop!” I exhale, so thirsty.
“Why?”
“Because I can’t handle it anymore. I want you; I want your body.”
“Take it” she looks at me with her big green eyes.
I can’t take it, doesn’t feel right. This bet with Nick is lingering above my head like a black cloud.
“Not yet…”
“Alright” she tries to free herself my grip. Tonight I want more though.
“Amelie” I hold on to her waist “Can we go to the bedroom?” I kiss her neck.
“Yes, my love” her heart is beating fast.
She’s trailing behind me, not knowing what’s going to happen, but she’s trusting me once again.  I lead her upstairs to the bedroom. I’m nervous.
We stand by my bed. I take off her shirt and expose her breasts. I have to remember not to lose my will power.
“Just trust me, ok?” I murmur
“I do.” 
I run my hands over her shoulders and breasts. My heart rate increases dramatically, and I need to control myself. I take off my shirt and hold her in my arms. I want to tell her how important she is to me. 
We kiss passionately, and I end up on top of her. Very quickly, I take off her pants, and now I’m caressing her bare body.  
“Don’t be afraid” I whisper in her ear and keep kissing her neck and slowly getting down to her breasts and stomach. I can kiss her forever. My hands gently part her thighs and get closer to her flower. My whole face is in a rapture buried in her beautiful temple. I inhale, I revel in her sweet smell, my tongue gently licks all of her inside. My fingers tenderly fiddle with her clitoris, exciting it, stroking it. Her quiet groans are the music to my ears, my tongue feels her body tremble, my eyes see how good it feels for her. My caressing becomes more and more intense. My tongue is going deeper and deeper, and my mouth is getting filled with her juices. I have to be extremely gentle and not break her hymen. My whole tongue is inside, Amelie’s moan is louder, her hands press on my head harder, and I enjoy all the moisture that’s pouring out of her. I kiss her hips, I bite them softly, then return to the pink pearl that calls me. I madly lick and kiss it, until she climaxes. 
“Oh my god!” that’s all she says, letting out the last pant.  
I fall on my back and try to relax. My jaw is hurting, but I’m content, I want Amelie to be happy, to enjoy everything I have to offer. 
“Did you like it?” I turn to her and wipe my mouth
“I think I don’t need to tell you how much I enjoyed it” she grins. “Do you need a tissue?” she reaches for the Kleenex box on my nightstand. 
“That would be great” I grab the tissue and clean my face. 
“I’ve never felt so good before.” 
“It only gets better” I smile. 
“Should I return the favor?” she raises her eyebrow, and my dick gets hard by looking at her naked body, she’s so seductive but pure at the same time. I’m the only person who’ll ever have her. 
“Umm…” my pulse accelerates; I want to go further with her. But at this point, I just can’t. 
“Oh honey, you have no idea how much I would love you too but maybe next week?” I stretch my face into a smile and hope she won’t get offended. She doesn’t. Instead, she shifts closer to me and holds my half naked body, the act that is so sexual but peaceful at the same time. I stroke her hair and ask, 
“Do you want to stay over?” this is the first time I’ve asked that question. Sure, I had the girls over, but only because they invited themselves over. After sex, I never wanted them in my bed. 
“I wish I could. But Keith will probably kill me” she looks at me. 
Of course, how can I forget that guy? 
“So when are we going to do a sleepover?” I have no doubt I’ll be happy waking up next to her. 
“After you propose,” she laughs.
“Do you want me to propose right now?”
“Oh shush!” she gently pats my tummy. “I should probably get going” she gets up, and I admire her body. Her thin waist, her beautiful breasts, her delicate shoulders, her hair fall loosely on her back, and I can look at it forever.
“Can you give me a ride?” she turns to me and gets dressed.
“Of course.” 
I guess it’s time for me to move my ass. I have to say today was one of the happiest days of my life.
“Did you have fun today?” I ask her while we get downstairs.
“Definitely!” she jumps on my back, and I piggy bag her down to the living room.
“Oh god! It’s late already” she looks at her phone. 
I don’t want to let her go. I want to enjoy her company longer. 
Reluctantly, I pick up the car key from the kitchen island, when the sudden pain kicks me below my waist. Fuck, that’s uncomfortable. Feels like I just got off of a horse I was riding through miles of rough terrain.
“Are we going?” Amelie drifts her eyes on to me as I’m trying to breathe.
“Yeah” I gotta suck this up. My own fault.
With an effort I crawl into the car, the pain above my dick is not going away. I’m silent; I can’t let out a word. 
“You’re so quiet” she comments.
“Sorry” I can’t even paint a smile. All I want is to howl.
“Ok, Justin, tell me what’s going on?”
“Absolutely nothing!” I lie.
“Just tell me.”
“I’m in pain!” I yell out.
“OH Shit! Blue balls?” she guesses right
“Yep!”
“I told you, I was going to help you out! You refused”
“I know, and now I’m paying for it” I attempt a smile. 
“Is it painful?”
“No, it’s enjoyable
“How does it feel?”
“It’s like you know when you get aroused the blood travels to your penis, it also flows to your testicles, causing them to swell. If you don’t ejaculate, there is a build up of pressure, and my super sensitive balls feel the brunt of it. Like you know, the army is getting ready to go to the war, but the war is canceled so to speak.”
“That does sound painful. I assume it’s a bit similar to period cramps.”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“Imagining going through that every month.”
“Jeez…” 
I start to wonder how many more times will I get blue balled while with Amelie. Perhaps next time she can help me out. Why am I thinking dirty again?
“Are you thinking about sex?” she looks at me, and I try to keep my eyes on the road.
“How did you know?”
“Because you always do,” she mocks me
“Yeah, like a lot, for sure. But you’re the only girl I can say that too.”
“I’m glad; I want to be your friend.”
“What? Are you putting me in a friend zone?”
“NO! Besides being your girlfriend, I also want to be your friend.”
GIRLFRIEND? Oh God! I can’t freak out! Don’t freak out, don’t freak out. Amelie is my girlfriend. Do we really need to be labeled?
“Did you shit your pants?”
“What?”
“You got this blank look on your face after I said the word “girlfriend.”
“Oh no!” I try to pretend. “I’m just in agony, that’s it, that’s all.” 
“Ok.” 
Amelie leaves the topic and doesn’t search for my confirmation. She’s a smart woman, she knows I completely freaked out, but she’s willing to give me time. God bless her. 	 
Another long goodbye by her apartment building, the reluctance of letting her go is becoming my weekly ritual. Thoughts of our next time together occupy my head. I wish I didn’t have to work so I can spend every second of my time with Amelie. 
By the time I get home, the dull blue ball pain has gone away.  I feel like a total creep, but I can’t help it–I smell my pillow. The scent of Amelie still lingers. It’s going to be a couple of days before I see her. Why did she storm into my life and create these foreign feelings within me? I hope she enjoyed today. I can spend forever down there, pleasuring her. Knowing that she’s satisfied sends my endorphins through the roof. I wish she were next to me right now; I wish I could touch her skin, listen to her breathing. Am I in love? I was sure that love didn’t exist. But now, I’m not so sure. Oh, Amelie, why did you have to change my world? Why are you making me so happy? 

Payback 

I thought the road would be empty at six in the morning. Everyone should be asleep, except maybe garbage men, cops or nurses.  Today though, everyone decided to go to work as early as me.  My car joins a train of others, mostly other office workers who can’t wait to start their “vital” jobs.  As my car hits the street, my mind moves rapidly to the autopilot mode. Most of my mornings are very similar to each other, just like identical twins.
 
When I get to the office, I’m pleasantly surprised by the quietness. Thankfully, not everyone is keen on starting their days at seven in the morning. Ten long hours of work lie ahead of me. I’m meeting up with the boys tonight. I have to make sure I withdraw $500 to give to Nick. I’m done with the bet. I accept my defeat because on paper I might have lost, but in reality, I’ve gained inestimable gift–Amelie.
Tomorrow, I’ll see her again, and this time I let all my desires out. I’ll tell her how I feel about her, how important she’s to me, and how much I would hate to lose her.
During my lunch break, I dial Amelie’s number, but there is no answer. I try to reach her by text messages but no success. I know for a fact, she hasn’t started work yet. So I wonder what’s stopping her to message me back. Maybe she’s volunteering today? If she is, how come she’s never mentioned it? A slight fear is creeping through my veins. What if she doesn’t want to see me again? Perhaps she felt too uncomfortable and vulnerable around me, or maybe I should stop thinking about that and concentrate on work. I'm too dramatic and insecure. She’s in love with me; she told me that and Amelie doesn’t lie.  She considers me her boyfriend. Why is she ignoring my calls then? How hard is it to let me know that she’s fine?
After three hours of silence, I finally receive two-word text message “ I’m fine, just busy.”  Well, thanks for that, at least I know she’s not dead.  Is she mad at me? But why would she be? I haven’t given her a reason to. I gloom. Must be that time of the month of her. I decide to ask her directly, seems that there shouldn’t be any bullshit between us. 
“Are you mad at me?” I press send.
Ten minutes later I get a response “ No.” Gotta love that two letter word, Amelie got me used to it. Well then, if she’s not mad at me, I’m going to give her space and wait until tomorrow.
The rest of the day plays out like a computer game that I know too well how to play. Boring meetings followed by boring discussions with the team and emails from clients. 
I’m also impressed how well I manage to avoid all of the women. I haven’t seen Tiffany, Britney or Linsday in a while. I assume, they got the hint that I’m not interested anymore.
I’m not even interested in that new big lip girl that I spotted last week. All of them are so dull and boring to me. They have no life or spark in them.  Oh, Amelie, what have you done to me? 
“How’s it going, Justin?”
“Oh hey, Chris! Haven’t seen you in a while!” I smile at him while pouring my afternoon coffee. Even though he’s just a co-worker to me, I find it easy talking to him. I can tell him that I’m serious about a girl.
“Yeah I was so busy with work” Chris responds while fixing his tea.
“Same here.”
“Well you probably been busy with your women” he laughs, and I wonder if everyone in the office considers me a slut.
“No actually” I pause. It’s true; I haven’t been sleeping around lately.
“Oh yeah? Why?”
“Dunno. Not interested I guess” I take a sip of  my coffee 
“Did you meet someone?”
“How did you know?”
“Well I told you something changes when you meet that special one” he winks at me “Is it Britney?”
“Oh god NO!” I almost spill my coffee on my shirt.
“The girl I’m interested in doesn’t work here. Thank God”
“Good for you man. Loving someone is a great feeling” he smiles. 
The word love has been used a lot in the past week. It gives an impression that love is everywhere, just floating above us all. The feeling is so strange; it stretched throughout my whole body. It’s overwhelming, yet makes me feel good. It has no boundaries, nor depth. It feels as though I’m in a dangerous fire, yet I’m completely safe at the same time. 
***
“Wow, incredible! I’ve died and resurrected”
“What are you talking about Sean?” I say and take the seat at our table.
“You’re actually on time” he glances at his cell phone.
“Ha. Yeah, I tried. I started work at like seven today so that I could make it here for eight o'clock.”
“Jeez…You work so much.”
“Yep, that’s only the beginning. I can’t wait for seventy hour week.”
“How do you find time to bang all the bitches?”  being in his element, Sean just needs to be a jerk. He can’t live without condescending comments toward women which make me think if he has been hurt in the past or something. Of course, I would never ask, because guys don’t talk about that shit.
“Oh you know, I manage. Still young, have a lot of energy. I can get away with three hours of sleep. I’m used to working a lot.”  
I make a traditional order of wings and space out for a minute. Not hard to guess what I’m thinking about. Wonder what we should do tomorrow. I want to take her out to a nice dinner, but maybe I should come up with something more creative. Maybe I can take her to the theatre to see a play, or we can watch a movie at my place? I guess we can play it by ear.  
“Hey, Justin, are you there?” 
“What?” 
“What are you thinking about?” 
“Amelie.”
“Who the hell is Amelie?” Nick asks. 
“She’s my girl” I smile. 
“Are you sick or something?” Nick feels my forehead. 
“No, I’m not. I’m just you know, spaced out.” 
“Justin, have you slept with that teenager?” Nick asks.  
“Her name is Amelie, she’s a girl, a woman, I’ve never met anyone like her before.” 
“Ok...whatever” Nick eyebrow raises to the point that it almost touches his hairline. 
“So anyway…” I put my hand into my pocket and trying to reach for my wallet; it’s time to pay my dues. As I feel the banknotes in my hand I suddenly have an urge to drift my eyes to the left, somehow I’m feeling her presence, and I was right. Amelie makes her way to our table as she squeezes through the crowded floor of the bar. My heart jumps, and I instantly get off my chair. 
“What are you doing?” Nick is baffled. 
“My girl is here” unintentionally I smile. 
Amelie comes up to our table and locks her eyes with me. Her eyes are giving me a glare that is freezing my bones. Something just doesn’t feel right. I try to put my arms around her, but she’s resistant. 
 
“Amelie, how are you?” I try to start a conversation. “What are you doing here?” I’m very surprised she knew where I was. 
“So these are your friends?” she looks over at Nick and Sean. 
“Yeah, you’ve met Sean before” I point at him “And this is Nick.” 
Nick gets off his chair and extends his hand to her. She ignores the gesture and just stares at him. 
“Amelie, what’s going on?” I try to catch her eyes. 
“So, you are Nick?” she asks. 
“Yes.” 
“Give Justin $500” she orders and my insides drop to the floor. 
“What are you talking about?” Nick is acting confused. 
“Didn’t you guys have a bet on me?” her voice breaks a little, and I’m ready to fall on my knees and beg for forgiveness. 
“Umm…” Nick looks away; he’s stunned. 
“Amelie…” 
“What? Isn’t it true? You’ve made a bet?” she finally looks at me and her eyes are full of pain and betrayal. 
“Listen, Amelie; it’s not like that” I try to explain myself. 
“Sure it’s not” she turns back to Nick “ So give him $500, you won, didn’t you?” she says and looks at me intensely, it paralyzes me, I can’t let a single word out. 
“Or was there a specification? Only vaginal sex counts?” she looks at both of us. “ Now, Justin, you can take your $500 and stop pretending. You can sit here with your bros and discuss my bushy vagina” she breaks into tears and storms to the exit. 
My legs feel numb, and I have no idea what to do. I must stop her; I need to explain myself! 
I rush after her and catch up to her outside.  
“Amelie, wait please” I grab her forearm in an attempt to stop her. 
“Don’t fucking touch me!” she yells out “and please don’t try to contact or see me! I’ll put a fucking restraining order against you!” 
I’m helpless; my breathing is frequent, my heart is about to pop out. 
“I just don’t understand...why my love? Why so cruel?” she looks at me with her eyes full of tears. I want to disappear. I have no words.  
She steps back, turns and I watch her disappear from my sight of vision. I don’t follow her; there is no point. She will never forgive me or let me explain. Frankly, what explanation can I come up with? I did have a bet, and now I have to face the consequences. 
My chest tightens, and my throat hurts from the lamp that is starting to form. I just lost the most important thing.  
“Hey…are you ok?” Nick pats me on a shoulder. 
“I don’t know” I respond still staring at the sidewalk. 
“Let’s go inside” Nick leads me back to the bar. 
My knees feel like a cotton ball, everything seems to be floating, I feel like I’m in a nightmare and whatever is happening is not happening to me. 
I sit at the table and cover my head with my hands.  
“Which one of you fuckers told her?” 
“What? You’re kidding right?” Nick expresses his disgusts “This is the first time I’ve met her. Until today, I didn’t even know her name.” 
“Yeah Justin, we would never do something like that. We don’t even know her” Sean exculpates. “She might have gone through your phone or something.” 
Amelie would never do that, I know.  
“Fucking, doesn’t matter anymore” I attempt to take a sip of water, but the lamp blocks the way. 
“Come on, man. Just apologize. I mean she will understand” Nick is trying to make me feel better. 
“No...it’s not that simple” my mouth is dry. I never felt this way before. I’m lost. I want to be left alone. Something inside of me is not connecting anymore. The sparks in my brain are desperately trying to connect the dots and instead just causing a short circuit. 
I’m left with my insides contracting, cold. I’m left with the heart that explodes in my chest. I want to die. How is it possible that just twenty minutes ago everything was awesome and now I’m left with the broken heart?
Amelie’s words keep echoing in my head “ Why my love? Why so cruel?”. Exactly! Why?! 
Why did I do that to her? I should have told her about the bet! I shouldn’t have made a bet in a first place. Who gave me the right to bet on a human being? I’m a fucking idiot. I’ve ruined anything because I wanted to keep my game on. I deserve to fucking die alone. I guess it’s my comeuppance for all the wrong doings. I just couldn’t imagine that the price would be that high.

 What to do?

Amelie has been gone ten days, and I’m wasting away. I don’t know how to define my emptiness.
Each day blended into the next. I want to smile, I want to pretend not to care, I want to laugh together with my friends, but something grabs my heart tight, crushes it to pieces. My insides gulped by something dark, or perhaps it’s just a big hole.
All my attempts to contact Amelie via text messages or phone calls didn’t succeed. She obviously blocked my phone number. Whatever...her prerogative. Why can I fucking forget about her? I didn’t even get a chance to apologize. I can’t go to her work. She will put a restraining order against me; she’s not joking about that. It’s either the restraining order or a punch from Keith. I wish I could erase all my memories, all the happy ones/ Fucking hell. How can I find something that is lost?
Every single day is such a struggle to get out of bed. I have to force myself to take a shower. No matter what I do, all I think of is Amelie.
It’s hard for me to concentrate. I don’t seem to comprehend the simplest things. I know exactly how to get something done, but I’m too lazy to do it. I want to sit in my chair and stare at my desk or go home and lay in my bed, and sleep, sleep, sleep. When will I get better? I have to do a good job not to get fired. I need the money or do I really? Maybe I can just live on the street and become a gypsy. Life seems more simple without a career or money.
Without a purpose stare at my phone, hoping that maybe Amelie will get in touch with me. How pathetic? I have to fucking pull myself together. I used to be in such high demand. I used to be so confident. Now I’m just a shell of a person, and I’m slowly disappearing.
No messages, no phone calls from her. Another miserable day. I’m getting agitated when someone tries to talk to me. I need everyone to leave me alone, so I can I get through the next ten hours of work.
 “Justin, may I talk to you?” Fiona taps me on my back.

Fucking great, now I’m getting fired.
I follow Fiona to her office. I guess she can fire me, get me out of my misery already.
I sit in the chair across from her and wait for her to start.
“How’s everything, Justin?” she smiles.
Pretty shitty, I feel like dying.
“I’ve been better” I give her a short answer.
“What’s going on?”
Does she really want to know? Can I tell her my heart is broken?
“Just some personal issues, I guess. Why?”
“Well you haven’t been yourself...and also...haven’t shaved in awhile?” she shifts her eyes onto my jaw, and I touch my stubble which is turning into a full grown beard. Damn, I forgot to shave. I don’t remember the last time I did.
“Hmm...sorry about that” I mumble.
“Take tomorrow off” Fiona orders, and I have to obey, she’s my boss. I guess it’s her gentle suggestion that I’ve been pretty useless for the past two weeks, so I need to smarten up; otherwise, I’ll get fired.
“Ok” I look down. Tomorrow is Friday, so that means I’ll have three days off for self-bitching. Great.
I leave her office and get back to my desk. Just another few dull hours to go.
My phone rings and my heart jumps, I want to see Amelie’s name on my phone display, to my disappointment it’s Nick calling. I ignore his call. I haven’t spoken to him or Sean in awhile. I want to hide from the world. I don’t want anyone to see me in such vulnerable state.
While driving home I get tempted to turn and drive to the coffee shop; I must remind myself though, she doesn’t want to see me, she wants nothing to do with my pathetic ass. She will never forgive me. She doesn’t love me anymore. 
Please, someone, take my brain and wash it so that I won’t think about her. Every day feels like torture. Even though the temperature outside is warm, my loft feels cold. There is no life in here.

“Beer or vodka?”  I ask myself. I can’t fucking turn into an alcoholic. This is not happening to me. Come on; I’ve known Amelie for like 2 minutes. I’m sure I can find someone better.  I’m a catch, no doubt. Women love me. I’ll have to put an effort and find my other half. Gross. Other half? What the fuck does that mean? Only brain, ass and pills have second halves; I’m complete. That’s right. I don’t need anyone. I’ll just continue what I was doing before–sleeping around, I am good at it.
I take a sip of my beer.  The more I drink, the more I think of Amelie. I want to be with her. Only her. Beer is not helping with my state of mind.
I drag myself upstairs and drop my lifeless body onto the bed. When will I see the light? When will the image of Amelie go away? When will be I be able to laugh and smile? Or should I just kill myself now? 
I know it’s close to the morning as the sun is starting to pick through my blinds. I don’t think I slept or maybe I did. I exist in a fog. I close my heavy eyelids.
The door bell forces me to jump out of my bed. I rush downstairs. My heart is pumping. Amelie is here, I know it. Oh my god, I probably smell. Awful morning breath is the worst. 
“Hey, dude!” Sean and Nick are standing at the door, and I’m tempted to shut it right in front of their faces.
 “What the hell are you guys doing here?”
I stare at them. 
“Just came to visit our friend” Nick tries to smile “Can we come in?”
No, you can’t! Just leave me here to die.
“Sure,” I say through my teeth and walk away from the door.
“Jeez you look like shit” Sean points out. I ignore his comment; I know he’s right.
“Do you want to put on clothes?” Nick asks, and I release I’m only wearing my boxers. But who the fuck cares?
“Whatever…” I mumble. “Aren’t you guys supposed to be at work?”
“Not at this time” Nick responds
I look at the clock on my microwave, and it shows 7 pm. How weird.
“How are you doing?” Sean asks
“Just groovy…”
“Oh come on man! Cheer up! It’s Friday night!”
“Is it?” I ask indifferently. I must have slept for 24 hours, didn’t feel like it.
“Yeah! Let’s go out! Pick up some girls; it will make you feel better! I guarantee” Nick grins.
Pick up, girls? That’s the last thought on my mind right now. No girl compares to Amelie. She’s the only one I want.
“Yeah, you guys go ahead, save yourselves!” I stretch a plastic smile.
“We’re not leaving without you…” Nick gives me an ultimatum.
“Then you will have to stay here” I respond with anger.
“Oh come on! Don’t be a child! Like seriously! You’ve known that girl for how long? Like, have you even slept with her?”
“Is it really important?”
 Sean is driving me crazy.
“Whatever, but like, you can’t just be so miserable.”
“I can’t help it!”
What does he want me to do? Run around naked and scream from happiness.
“Guys, I think I want to be left alone,” I say with sadness. I need some quiet time, maybe sleep a little.
“What is this smell?” Nick looks around. “Fuck, it smells like shit in here.”
“IT’S ME, ALRIGHT?!” I yell out. I can’t believe how low I’m feeling.
“Relax, man. We’re just trying to help you. I mean, is there something we can do?” Nick genuinely asks.
 “I dunno” I sigh and put on sweatpants and a t-shirt.
“Have you tried talking to her?”
“She blocked my number, and I can’t stalk her, so I’m just gonna suffer” I sit on a couch and tilt my head up.

“Well maybe get her a gift or something” Nick suggests “Perhaps candies, kids like sweets don’t they?” he chuckles at his stupid joke, and I’m far from laughing, all I do is breath heavy.
“Hey, you know what I thought? Maybe tonight we can go to Argyle? Isn’t that where you ran into her before?”
“Yeah.”
“Perhaps, she’s gonna be there.”
“Something tells me though; she won’t be. She’s not a big partier.”
“Well if she’s not there we can still pick up girls” Sean can’t stop thinking about women.
“Argh” I roll my eyes. “Can I be honest with you guys?”
“Sure” Nick sits next to me.
“I don’t think I’m interested in sex anymore,” I confess.
“Seriously?” Sean seems surprised.
“Yeah, to be perfectly honest with you, if we go out tonight, I don’t think I would be able to get it up.”
“WHAT?” both of their jaws almost drop. “You are so young, what are you talking about?”
“Yeah, you know, depression causes erectile dysfunction in men, pretty shitty, so if you both don’t mind I’ll just stay at home” I try to smile.
“I didn’t know you were depressed.”
“You know situational depression…”I pause “I’m not gonna be fun tonight, so you should go without me. I seriously have no energy.”
“Are you sure?” Nick is giving up.
“Absolutely! I think I’ll be better next week” I take a moment to think. Will this sadness pass?
“Just try to forget her man.”
Easier said than done. I never felt so sad because of a girl. I never felt so sad, period. What has she done to me?
“Yeah, I’ll forget her. I’m sure of it” I stare at both of them and wait for them to leave my loft. I have nothing else to tell them.
“We will check up on you tomorrow,” Nick says and gets up 
Please don’t! I enjoy my time alone!
“Let’s catch up next week” I suggest. “You guys have fun and let me know how tonight goes, and how many women you pick up” I attempt a chuckle.
“Sure thing” Sean grins, and I have a feeling he’s somewhat happy to leave my place and party. He could be a self-centered bastard sometimes.
Eleven o’clock morphs into twelve and then one. The time trickles by, marked only by changing glowing numerals. I’m started to wonder if I should get up and take a walk instead of painfully tossing and turning in my bed. My mind is blank, where there should be a dream is a thick blackness. My eyes are concentrated on the silhouette of my bedside lamp. I’m slowly falling apart. My heart is torn to pieces, and I don’t know how to get myself back.
Closer to three in the morning I’m starting to analyze my whole relationship with Amelie, and I come to the realization that it’s simply just my crazy obsession, nothing else. I’m sure I can be cured of it. The longer I don’t see Amelie, the faster her image would fade away. And I really should try to get out there. I need to get back onto the road. Drive my ScarJo; I used to enjoy it. As soon as I think of driving, my memories point back to Amelie and our time spent in the car.
“Argh!!!! Would you go away already?” I say to myself.
I turn to my side and close my eyes. I’m feeling exhausted and emotionally drained. Something tells me however that the end is near.  I hit my rock bottom and it’s time for me to shine again.

New Me 

I’m embarrassed to admit that I spent most of my weekend in bed. I’ve ignored all phone calls and text messages. I’ve definitely caught up on my sleep.  It was needed. I feel like a free man, and I'm cured of my obsession. 
I wake up on Monday morning before my alarm goes off.  I take a cold shower and finally shave. I look at myself in the mirror, and I see my old self–cold hearted player–that is ready for a hunt! I can’t believe how pathetic I was last week. The sadness is gone. The memories of Amelie stopped haunting me. I look better than ever. 
First thing, I need to find out if Carla is back and if three of us can get together. The hot threesome will help with my recovery. 
After I dress, I scroll through my contacts in my phone, thinking about who I should bone this week. 
Wednesday is the public holiday, so I need to see who I shall pick. I think Britney will do. I shouldn’t have written her off in a first place. She’s great in bed, and good at giving head. It’s simple with her; I don’t need to impress her. She seems to like me just as I’m.  
By my lunch hour, my week is starting to look promising. Wednesday I’ll be with Britney, she wanted to do something romantic, and I almost vomited when she told me that. Oh well, beggars can’t be choosers. When she suggested having a day trip to the central coast, my heart rate changed a little. Why would she want to go to central coast? 
Upcoming Friday night will be full of sexual activities–Lindsay just confirmed our rendezvous.  
Today I even managed to have a chat with the girl who started two weeks ago. I spotted her earlier this month, but Amelie somehow convinced me that I didn’t need casual sex.  The new girl’s name is Shannon, and she fits my profile–big tits and cock sucking lips. I’m sure I’ll get together with her next week. She’s an easy target no doubt: she looks like a total slut. I’m confident she’ll sleep with me on a first date. 
I need to expand my circle instead of sleeping with girls from work. Eventually, it might get dangerous. I should start picking up at the clubs instead. 
I get through my work at the speed of light. I have so much energy that I never thought I’ve had. Fiona is impressed with my new found strength and work ethic. A good sleep can do wonders. The only time I thought of Amelie was when Britney suggested the trip to the central coast. Other than that, nothing reminded me of her. I’m mad at myself for wasting so much time suffering over nothing.  
“Hey man! How’s it going?” 
“Great! You sound good!” Nick is excited to hear my voice. 
“I’m fucking fantastic” I murmur; I shouldn’t be swearing at work. “So Argyle this weekend and chicken wings tomorrow?” 
“Fuck yeah man! I knew you’d be back!” 
“Yep, I resurrected!” I laugh “anyways, gotta go! I’ll see you tomorrow!” I hang up the phone and get back to my stimulating work.

Public Holiday

It’s nice to have a day off during the week. God bless public holidays! The weather is perfect today; the sun is high up in the blue sky. I’m tempted to bring my board shorts and go for a swim. It’s going to be a good day.
Surprisingly there is no traffic on the streets. It’s going to be a smooth ride to Britney’s apartment. My stomach growls and I squirmed in my seat to try to silence the rumbling. I glanced at the clock, and it’s breakfast time. That made me think of my breakfast with Amelie at my favorite cafe. That breakfast was fucking delicious.
Even though I let go of Amelie, one question keeps bothering me. How could she possibly find out about the bet? It doesn’t matter anymore, but my curiosity is killing me. She couldn’t have found anything on my phone–there are no text messages about the bet. She couldn’t have heard me talking about it. I never talked about it when she was around. I only discussed it with the boys. Then how did she find out? It’s the mystery that will never be solved. 
I text Britney letting her know that I’m outside. She’s happy to spend time with me. I have no idea what she sees in me. Maybe I’m good in bed?
My face displays no emotions when I see Britney approaching my car. No smile, no frequent heartbeat, just a blank stare. She’s not dressed for a casual day at the beach, more like a night at the club. Why can’t she try to wear something more casual and less slutty? Her dress is short and tight. Her sandals have a high wedge, and I’m afraid she’ll trip and break her neck. I don’t even bother to get out of the car to open the door for her. But at the same time, I can’t just write her off; she seems to be giving me her hundred percent. Why can’t I respond at least with 70?
“Hey there, Justin” she gets in, and the strong scent of the perfume fills up the car.
“Hi” I try to lift up the corner of my lips.
“Have you been waiting long?”
“No, not at all” I just got there.
She extends her neck towards my face, and I kiss her cheek. I think I’m doing great.
“So awesome, we’re going out of the city!” she puts on her sunglasses.
Why is it great? I love this city.
“Right. Yes” I start the car and push on the gas.
My stomach keeps reminding me that I still haven’t had breakfast. I have no choice but to take us to the same cafe I went with Amelie since it’s on our way and I’m craving their Mountain Breakfast.
“Is it ok if we stop for breakfast?” I ask.
“Sure thing. You do owe me one” she looks at me and smiles.
“Do I?”
“Yeah, when I stayed over at your place.”
Jeez. I think I erased that from my memory.
“Of course, I remember” I lie.
The whole way to the cafe we quickly run out of general topics to talk about. We discussed the weather, talked a bit about work. Frankly, I hate thinking about work on my days off, but something had to fill up the awkward silence. And this is just the start of the day. I’m comforting myself by thinking our conversation is not flowing because we both are hungry. After breakfast, we will perk up.

“I’m actually not that hungry. I’ll just have coffee.” Britney says
Oh no! How disappointing!
“Come on; they have the best pancakes in town!” I sound excited
“Pancakes? Are you kidding me? You know how much sugar and carbs are in them?”
Have no idea.
“Ok, how about bacon and eggs then?”
She rolls her eyes “Bacon will destroy my perfect figure.”
What are you worried about? You will probably get plastic surgery to fix that.
“Right.”
We sit across from each other and don’t say a word. She’s staring at me, while I down my mountain breakfast, and sips her black coffee. I want to tell her to live a little and eat greasy food once in awhile, besides we can burn off those calories later on tonight.
“I can’t believe you are refusing bacon! It’s like the best!” I finish my last piece.
“I’m good, thank you” she gives me a weak smile. “Maybe I can order a fruit plate or something.”
Well hurry up then, I’m almost finished here.
“Fruit has a lot of sugar” She presses her index finger against her lip.
I didn’t know Britney is a nutritionist.
“Right.”
“I’m fine with my coffee.”
Another torturous minute of awkward silence. Jeez, give me something. I can’t do all the work. After I finish my breakfast, I start to look around. I’m bored, absolutely bored. I think it would have been more entertaining if I went by myself. Britney is useless; she’s looking down at her phone flopping her fake eyelashes. Why can’t she be more like Amelie? Damn, I’m thinking about her again.
“How is your car?” I thought of the only question I can ask her
“Good” she responds indifferently and keeps her eyes on the phone screen. “Had to pay almost $500 to get it fixed.”
Amelie slammed me with $450 bill to get my car fixed; I was a jerk and refused to pay for it. She looked so absurdly in that mechanic uniform, but she drew me in. Right off the bat, she attracted me even in her baggy clothes.
“Such a rip-off, right?”
“What?”
“Justin, are you listening to me?” Britney asks
Clearly, I’m not.
“Sorry, what did you say?”
“I said getting your car serviced is always a rip-off.”
“I love getting my car serviced,” I murmur without thinking.
“That’s weird” she rolls her eyes. “So what do you want to do now?” she looks at my empty plate.
I have no idea what to do. I’m so confused.
“We can walk along the beach I guess,” I say without excitement, at least I can stare at the ocean.
I pay the bill and fight the urge to drive off without Britney.
“I just need to use the loo,” she tells me, and I get annoyed. Why couldn’t she do it while I was paying our bill?
“I’ll wait for you in the car,” I grunt.
While waiting for Britney, I get a message from dad asking me if I will be home tonight. By the look of it, I will be home by myself. Wonder why dad is asking, is he going to visit me? What for? With the long exhale I put my phone down.
Fifteen minutes later Britney finally decides to come out of ladies bathroom. What the hell was she doing there for so long? No wonder why women's lavatories always have long queues.
I notice bright red lipstick on Britney’s dick sucking lips. Gosh! Was she putting on a make up this whole time? We’re going to the beach, not to the movie premier.
 “I love the beach, reminds me of my childhood.”
“Yeah I guess” she makes an indifferent grimace and I come to the conclusion that she’s a bit of a deadpan. I have to pull the plug; I’m left with no choice but to talk about work and gossip. Suddenly Britney has a lot to contribute; she takes this opportunity to enlighten me about office affairs and who blew their way to the top, who had sex on the office table and who’s a total crook with their timesheets.  How the hell does she know so much? Do people just come to her and confess? Why do people find it interesting to look through each other’s dirty laundry? Don’t they have a life?
According to Britney, half of the guys at the firm cheat on their wives, and most of the girls at the firms are sluts, I guess I knew all this bitter truth already.  I zone out halfway through her speech. I have enough problems in my life, can’t be bothered. 
“So my 26th birthday is coming up. I’m having a party.”
Go ahead; I don’t need to be invited.
“You are invited” she smiles.
Fantastic! Great! Well, perhaps Britney has some hot friends that I can pick up.
“I think it will be a big party, like 100 people!”
You must be joking? Who needs so many people?
“That’s a lot of people!” I comment.
“Well, yeah, dad is paying for it, and he wants to invite some of his friends too.”
Maybe he can invite my dad. According to Madeline dad has been trying to get a meeting with Britney’s father for months but to no avail.
“That’s exciting.”
“Yeah it is, it will be next month. I think dad’s secretary already booked the venue somewhere in Rose Bay.”
“Both you and Madeline are invited.”
Why do we have to involve my sister?
“Yeah, Madeline would be happy” I sigh.
“I had a big party last year for my 25th; I had like over 100 people. Got so wasted.”
I’m not surprised.
“That party was expensive, but dad covered it.”
Is that what the life is about? Partying? Drinking? Sleeping around? How is that for the prospect?
“I’m gonna quit soon” she mumbles
There is a silver lining for me.
“Really?”
“Yeah, I don’t like working.”
That doesn’t surprise me.
“I think I’ll just work for my dad.”
That’s an easy way out, perfect for you Britney. Why do you need a challenge when everything comes so easy?
“That’s a great idea,” I say on autopilot.
“You think?”
No, when I’m with you, I don’t think. “Sure.”
“Yeah dad will pay good, and finally I won’t be bossed around, and I will be the one bossing everyone.”
Yeah, you are good at that. I almost roll my eyes.
Right at this moment, I realize that serving lunch at the homeless shelter is way more fun than listening to Britney talking. At least at the shelter, I was making a difference, and of course, Amelie was next to me. Maybe Amelie is a witch, and she put a spell on me, so nothing will ever be the same?  Did she save or ruin me?
 “What are you thinking about?” Britney smiles and looks at me.
“Absolutely nothing.” 
We’re close to approaching the beach. I thought talking to Britney would be fun, but I was wrong. Silence doesn’t seem so bad anymore. I rather talk to the sand and stare at the water.
I storm out of the car and don’t wait for her to get out. Halfway to the beach, I decide to turn around to check up on her; I can’t be a total jerk. Britney sways behind; I hope she doesn’t have a blister on her foot. 
“Are you alright?” I call her.
“Yeah, you’re walking so fast.”
I’m trying to avoid you. She catches up to me and grabs my forearm. Please let go of me, no hands holding.
“Do you want to take off your shoes?”
“Not really.”
“Come on, the sand feels good” I take off my sneakers and occupy one of my hands, just to make it difficult for Britney.
“I don’t like the sand; it’s so dirty.”
God, please save me. Why the hell would you suggest central coast as a day trip, you idiot?
“Hmm...well, I don’t know what to tell you” I inhale the sea air, and it calms me down. I can take a walk by myself.
“I guess I can wash my feet later.”
“Do what you want” I inch forward, I want to try and enjoy myself. 
The ocean is still, the surface is barely a placid ripple, but it doesn't take long for the ocean breeze to arrive and coat my lips in a light mist of brine leaving it salty to taste. Amelie crosses my mind, yet again. What is she doing right now? I remember how her skin loved to take in salty air from the ocean. Thoughts of her make me smile.
I turn around to see if Britney is still around or if she decided to go back to the car. She’s covering her face with her hands, and for a second I feel bad thinking that I might have made her cry. 
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing” she growls “ I don’t want to ruin my makeup.”
Jesus fucking Christ! Who cares about your damn makeup? It’s so freaking beautiful out here! 
“I think we should just go.”
No more field trips with Britney. I'm so disappointed. It’s all Amelie’s fault; she made me see beyond the bed, beyond sex, beyond lust. 
“Yeah, we should, go home, relax, you know, go for a drink after.”
“Hmm…” that’s my answer to her.
That’s not how imagined our date. I thought that we would get along, and I would see something that will help me forget Amelie, but instead, all I’m doing is thinking about her.
I want to enjoy the beautiful scenery but Britney is ruining it by being so concerned about her appearance, she’s walking clumsily in her shoes on the soft sand. 
We finally make it to the car; I force myself to open the door for her. “Thank you for ruining my afternoon,” I think to myself.
“That was fun!” Britney says while getting into the car.
What fun is she talking about? She didn’t even look at the ocean; she didn’t inhale salty ocean breeze. You have no clue what fun means.
I nod my head and close her door. 
An hour into driving and I’m ready to pull out my hair. How can someone be so boring?
“So you’re coming to my birthday party?” she puts her hand on my shoulder.
“Not sure yet” really have no desire to. But then again, there might be an abundance of good looking babes I can screw.
“Please…” she asks in her annoying voice.
“Ok, just let me know the date, I should be able to make it” I give her plastic smile and keep my eyes on the road. I put on the radio, so we can enjoy the music instead of the office affairs stories that are so depressing. Turns out, that most of the people are fake and like to lie. I think deep down I wanted out, that’s why I got attracted to Amelie–like a magnet. She’s so different; she’s honest. I can’t believe I’ve lost her. I’m such a fucking idiot!
OK, I need to stop this! Amelie is gone, she will never be mine, I need to move past it already.
The long straight road lies ahead of me. I’m surprised there aren't that many cars around. I thought more people would be leaving the city. I press harder on the gas; I want to feel the speed, I want to feel free from the thoughts and memories.
The growl of an engine calms my nerves. I make the parallel between this straight flawless highway and my life. Just a few months ago my life was straightforward; I knew what I wanted. There is no curves or dark corners, it was basic and primitive, but foolishly I thought I had it all. But what’s now? Why do I feel empty? Where are all of my ambitions? Everyone wants to be happy. But what is happiness? Is it in having unlimited disposable income or is it in screwing as many people as humanly possible? Or is it in a career? Being recognized and accomplished? All of these things used to define my happiness. Now, nothing makes sense to me. I want to break free; I want to escape. There has to be more to life than material things. What am I missing? 
I don’t get a chance to finish my train of thoughts when I feel a firm grip around my package. Britney’s hand is unceremoniously traveling up and down my crotch.
“What are you doing?” I ask annoyingly, trying to brush off her hand.
“What does is look like I’m doing?”
“Right now is not a good time,” I say through my teeth and try to stop her persistent hand.
“Oh come on, you love road head.”
She’s spot on with that, but right now it’s not my priority. 
“I’m busy driving!” I raise my voice slightly and ease on gas.
“You won’t have to do anything, I will do everything” she quickly unzips my pants when I finally manage to grab her hand and move it away.
“I don’t feel like it” I look at her and see a shock on her face. She’s never heard that from me before; I guess it’s time for her to get used to that.
“What?”
“You’ve heard me.”
“But you always feel like a blow job.”
“Well today, I don’t” I quickly glance at her to make sure she understands that I’m serious, and it’s not just my way of foreplay.
“That’s shocking,” she says with the disappointment and shifts in her seat. For a second I’m under the impression that she might start crying. Seriously woman? I guess she’s not used to rejection. Just please don’t start crying. 
“I don’t understand Justin” she mumbles.
“I’m driving; it’s not like we're in bed. I’m a bit occupied.”
“But it’s road head; you got so excited last time” she looks out the window.
Please don’t remind me, I want to forget about that. Back then my dick and heart weren’t in sync, but they finally caught up to each other.
“That was last time, right now I need to concentrate on the road,” I say firmly.
Britney’s face looks like a kids face who’s been told that he can’t have candy. You’re not getting my lollipop. What else does she want from me? When a man says no, that means no. No if’s or but’s. 
Britney turns her concentration to her phone. I wouldn’t be surprised if she’s posting a passive aggressive message on Instagram. She can’t tell to my face what she thinks of me.
Not a single word comes out from our mouths during the whole trip back. Silence is new found music to my ears when I’m with Britney. 
I pull over to Britney’s apartment building and wait for her to get out. 
“Do you want to come up?” she looks hopeful.
“No, I’m okay,” I say simply and look away. 
Britney’s heavy sigh follows and no words needed. There is nothing between us. We have no common ground, and I’m looking forward to my time alone. You can pay me enough to have another date with Britney. I think I would rather shave my head.
Britney finally opens the passenger door and gets out. Goodbye, and I hope you will quit sooner than later. 
I don’t even wait for her to get inside the apartment building, I simply drive off. I’m emotionally drained. The day was so painful even more painful than blue balls. My libido is low, and I hope it’s not going to stay this way forever.  I know it’s the payback for everything that I’ve done.  Message from Britney lands on my phone “I had fun, can’t wait to see you again.” I wonder if she’s playing stupid or if she is that delusional. What fun is she talking about? We barely talked, she didn’t enjoy the food. HOW CAN YOU NOT LOVE BACON?
For the first time in my life, I’m feeling lonely. It’s shitty feeling; I don’t like it. I feel like screaming, but no one will hear. I don’t want to be around my family or friends. I’m falling into a deep despair. I’m not cured as I previously thought. I know the solution–time will help me heal.
I watch for the traffic light to turn when I drift my eyes to the plaza on the right. It’s full of shops and small restaurants, nothing should catch my attention, except I finally I see it…flower shop…and the color red. I know exactly what to do. I have nothing to lose; I need the closure.
I carefully place the perfect bouquet of red roses onto the passenger seat and direct my car to the Tea House, I know it’s open on a public holiday and Amelie will be working tonight.
I have no idea what I’m going to tell her, all I want is to give her the red roses, the ones I should have given her a long time ago, but never got a chance.
I pull up to the Tea House, hoping that Amelie won’t spot me and run away. Surprisingly, on Wednesday night there are few customers inside. I line up behind the tall gentleman who serves me as a shield. Thankfully, she was busy making coffee when I walked in, so she didn’t spot me.
As luck would have it a person in front of me can’t make their bloody mind about their drink. I want to yell at them to hurry the fuck up; instead, I take a breath and wait for my turn. What should I say? Forgive me? Please take the flowers.
As soon at the tall guy steps to the side, Amelie’s and my eyes lock. I inch forward to the counter,
“Please just don’t put the restraining order, I promise that you will never see me again” it’s difficult to find the right words. Amelie is quiet which gives me an indication that she wants to hear me out.
“All I want to say is that I’m sorry.  I never meant to hurt you. I wish I could come up with more romantic and beautiful words, but Amelie...Please...just don’t give up on love. Not every guy is a jerk like me. There are good guys out there” I pause and take a breath. The next disclosure is so difficult for me to uncover, but I need to say it. I lay the flower on the counter in front of Amelie and look into her beautiful green eyes. 
“I love you” when I say the words my voice doesn’t shake, they come out with confidence. I keep my eyes locked on hers for a few seconds. I can tell she’s stunned by words; she didn’t expect that from the coward like me. I give her the last glance, fight an unbearable urge to hold her hand and finally turn around. I know she won’t stop me, she doesn’t need to. I said what I wanted to say. 
I start the engine, and I feel at ease, I had my closure. She knows how I feel. I want her to be happy; she’s so easy to love. She can make anyone happy. 
On the way home I keep replaying every word that I said to her in my head. I wish I sounded more romantic, but I am who I am. I have to figure out my next plan of action. What’s there for me? How do I find myself? 
It’s still early for me to go to bed, it’s only 7 o’clock, but I have no idea how I can occupy my mind, even big sporting event on TV can’t distract me. I find sitting down and staring into space is more entertaining than a bunch of guys running around on the field. 
Wonder if Amelie liked the roses or if they are now beautifully placed into a garbage can? What was going through her head when she saw me? Her eyes were full of pain, still... I wish I could change the past, but the damage is already done. 
I look out of the window and watch the sun finally set, creating a beautiful pink sky.
Loud hammering in my head makes it hard for me to think, it’s loud and persistent. Fucking hell. What is happening? It takes me a good minute to realize that the hammering is happening in reality. Someone is at my door. I want them to go away; it’s probably Jehovah's Witnesses. The knock keeps getting louder. I have a feeling that the asshole behind the door is not going to go anywhere. 
Reluctantly I get off my couch and angrily march to the door. 
All the anger fades away in a nickel of time when I see Amelie in front of me. 
“Hello” she murmurs, and I’m lost, my first instinct is to hold her, but I know it’s prohibited now. 
“Do you want to come in?” I open my door wider and invite her inside. I want to smile, but it’s hard. 
She walks inside, and I close the door. I’m scared but excited at the same time. 
“Do want anything to drink?” 
“No, I’m ok” she makes her way to my kitchen and stops. 
I find it hard to look into her eyes; I feel like if I do, I might cry. 
“Thank you for the flowers” her eyes fill up with tears, and it indicates that she’s hurting as much as I’m. 
“You are welcome” my voice breaks. “How have you been?”
“Not good…” tear falls down her cheek, she quickly wipes it off. “And you?”
“Terrible” I gasp for air; I can’t be a wimp. 
“I’ve been in a lot of pain.” 
“If it’s any consolation, I’ve been suffering myself’ I say and inch forward toward her, I hope she won’t push me away. 
She steps back. 
“Justin, did you mean what you said back in the Tea house?”
“Every word” I swallow the lump. 
She comes up to me and falls into my arms. Overwhelming electrical wave runs through my body, and I’m terrified of scaring away my happiness. 
I stroke her beautiful hair and she’s all I need; she’s all I want. 
“I missed you” she sobs. 
“Me too. It was such difficult time for me” I inhale. “I hope you can forgive me” I kiss her hair. 
“I already did” she whispers. 
She forgave me, but can she take me back so we can start over again? 
“Thank you” I pull away and look at her. “Can we...maybe...I don’t know...can I ask you out again?” my heart is beating so fast. 
“It’s not that simple.” 
I nod in sadness. 
“I understand.” How can she possibly trust me again? 
“But…” 
“What?” 
“I love you, Justin. I thought I could forget you, but it’s not possible. My heart belongs to you, but I’m afraid to get hurt again. I don’t think I would be able to handle it” she says with sadness. 
“I won’t hurt you ever again.” 
As soon as I say that, I don’t know if I mean it. How can you really promise someone that? 
“You don’t know that though” she reads my mind. 
“I love you, Amelie.”
“I love you too” we lock our arms together again. I want her in my arms for the whole eternity. 
“What should we do then?” I look at her and gently lock her beautiful face in my palms. 
“I have no clue.”
“Let’s just be together” I lean over to her and part her lips. She lets me kiss her. Her lips are just as passionate as I remember. The kiss is even more intense as I have no idea if it’s the beginning or the end of our love. Her body is trembling, and it’s hard for me to think straight. 
“Wait” she pulls away. “Do you really love me?” 
“I do.”
“How do you know.” 
“How do you know you love me?” I answer her question with the question. 
“You answer first” she brushes off my arms and steps back. It’s time for me to open up and strip off all of my guards. 
“I guess it didn’t take me long to realize that...I never said these words before. It’s first for me…” I look at her. 
“Continue…” she orders
“So yeah...when I first saw you in that auto shop, you know, when you slapped me?”
“Oh, I remember.” 
“I just couldn’t explain why for some reason I felt the urge to kiss you...and then each time I saw you, I couldn’t help but to want you...I thought it was an only physical thing, but then when you gave yourself to me, and I couldn’t do it, I knew there was something more. You made me laugh; you made me feel. You made me see beyond physical appearance. I just...dunno...and when I lost you that’s when it became clear. I didn’t want to do anything. I just wanted to be left alone. No one existed for me. No one compares to you.”
“Isn’t that a song?” 
I roll my eyes; I’m trying to be romantic and poetic here. 
“Yes, Sinead O’Connor. I’m surprised you know the song, she could be your grandmother. Anyway...back to my feelings. Let’s not get distracted” God I love her “So I lost you, and nothing made sense anymore. I want to be with you.” 
I step toward her and put her arms around my waist. I still can’t believe she's’ here, I don’t want to let her go again ever. I can’t lose her.
“I’ll try my best not to hurt you ever again. I want you to be with me. You make me so happy.” 
“You make me happy too, but I don’t want to get my heart broken” she looks at me. 
“If I ever hurt you, I give you the permission to cut my dick and my nuts.” 
“Justin, I’m serious” she can’t help but to chuckle. 
“Amelie, I’m serious too, just let me take you out on a date again. I know you are sad without me, you have feelings for me. I understand you’re scared, but fear shouldn’t prevent your happiness” I kiss her cheek. 
She lowers my head and searches for my lips with hers. She’s probably sick of listening to me. We kiss again, and I quickly move my lips to her neck. I missed her smooth skin. 
“Oh god” she moans, and I keep caressing her neck. “This feels so good” her eyes are closed. I want to lay down with her. 
“Justin…” it’s hard for her to breath. “Do you love me?”
“I love you; I do,” I say while I keep kissing her neck passionately. 
My annoying phone keeps vibrating on the kitchen counter. 
“You should answer it” Amelie is trying to stop me. 
“Fuck it!” 
“What if it’s something important” Amelie wiggles out. 
“Fine!” 
I reluctantly look at my phone and anxiety raises in my stomach. My father is calling me. I can’t ignore his call. I clear my throat and answer, 
 “Hello.” 
“You home?”
“Yes.”
“Good, I will be there in two minutes.”
Fantastic! Fabulous! Can’t wait. 
“Ok” I hang up the phone. 
“Your father?” Amelie asks. 
“Yes, how did you know?” 
“Your face went blank.”
“Yes, it’s him. He’s coming over.”
“Oh, I better go then.” 
“No way! Stay! I want to introduce to my family anyway, so let’s start with my Dad.”
“Are you sure it’s a good idea?”
“Of course.” 
How can you not like Amelie? 
“Your dad is a bit scary. I don’t think I’m ready” she looks nervous.
“Oh come on, he won’t bite you” I smile and as soon as I say that the knock on my door follows.
“Shit he’s here, I’m not ready for this” Amelie starts to panic.
“Just relax” I try to calm her down “Maybe I can meet him next time,” she whispers. “I’ll just hide in the bedroom” she storms upstairs.
Her bizarre behavior catches me off guard; I’ve never seen her scared before.
Without enthusiasm, I head to the door.
“Hurry up! God!” with this words dad makes his way inside my loft.
“Hello to you too,” I say and close the door after him, my gut tells me that it’s not going to be a pleasant conversation.
“Do you want anything to drink?”
“No” sharp and strict as per your usual.
For a few minutes, uncomfortable silence lays upon us.
“How was your day?” I ask and look up at the ceiling avoiding an eye contact with my father.
“Busy, you know, I work around the clock, can’t afford a day off” dad grunts. Of course, dad loves the money. Money measure success in his eyes; it’s such bullshit, however; my father has a lot of wealth, but he’s the most miserable person you’ve ever meet. His bitterness with each passing year grows like a tumor, pushing on the side of his brain, enveloping his senses in toxic darkness.
“I bet you’re busy” I have no choice but to agree, don’t want to get into a conflict with him right now.
“Yeah and that could’ve been prevented if you helped me with my business.”
“I have a full-time job, and when I offer to help on the weekend, you always decline or say that I’m useless anyway,” I say how it is.
“Oh come on, it’s true though, I need you on weekdays!”
Of course, you do. I don’t respond and just sigh heavily.
“Anyway…” I want to cut to the chase because I want to get back to my girl.
“Anyway what? Are you in the rush or something?” Dad is getting annoyed.
I want to say that, yes, indeed I’m in a rush and I want to escape his glare.
“Dad, why are you here?” I ask him directly, finally finding courage and balls.
“Just came to visit.”
I don’t believe him; he’s trampling in the kitchen like a stranger.
“How’s mom doing?”
“Good, you know…Just being crazy again” Dad grunts. Being crazy he refers to mom being sad, or depressed. My father doesn’t believe in depression; he thinks it’s a scam and the way of pharmaceuticals companies to make their buck. I feel bad about mom, I’ve been so distant for the past three weeks. I should call her tonight.
“How’s Maddie?” I know the three things that Dad loves to talk about are his business, money, and Maddie.
“She’s great. Getting ready for the university. She’s so freaking brilliant!” Dad has a proud look on his face. The look that I could only wish he would have when he would talk about me. 
“So proud of her” Dad’s eye sparkle. 
What do I need to do for dad to be proud of me? 
“Right.” 
I come around to the sink and fill up my water glass. Having Dad around makes me thirsty, I’m always waiting for a punch of humiliation. I want him to tell me already why he’s here and what does he need from me. He needs to be straight forward I have no patience for passive aggressive comments. Wonder what Amelie is doing upstairs, she’s really quiet as a mouse.  
“What are your plans for the rest of the week?” 
Wonder why he’s asking; I would be surprised if he wants to hang out. I want to spend the rest of my week with Amelie. 
“I’ll be working and then not sure what I’ll be doing over the weekend. Why?” come on, just tell me already what do you want from me. 
“You should spend more time with Britney.” 
I almost drop my glass of water. This must be a joke. How the hell does he know about Britney? What is happening? 
“WHAT? How do you know about this?” 
“I don’t know Britney, I know of her dad. So, I’m glad you guys are hanging out.” 
“Well, we are not really.”
“I thought you were seeing each other” 
Ha...far from that. I don’t have any desire to see her ever again. 
“We are not.”
“Well you will be”
“Excuse me?” 
“I said you would be seeing Britney, and in a few months you will be proposing” 
I think I’m dreaming. I’m being punked, no doubt. I pick up my phone from the kitchen island to check the date. Is it April 1st? 
“No, I won’t be doing that,” I say calmly as I think this is a bad hoax. 
“Oh, yes you will be,” Dad says firmly. 
“No way!” I almost yell. “I don’t think you should be telling who I should date or not.” 
“What do you think, it’s a game or what?” Dad raises his voice.
“What are you talking about, Dad? I’m not dating Britney; she’s no one to me. Absolutely no one. The topic is closed! I can’t believe you even telling me this crap.” 
“Crap? You shut up!” 
“Me? Whatever… If you like Britney so much, you can go ahead and date her!” 
“You save your sarcasm for your bimbos!” Dad’s voice raises to the shout. “You have no clue what’s happening here.”
“Please enlighten me!” 
“Do you have any idea what kind of trouble my company is in? Do you?” 
“What?” 
“Yeah exactly! You never cared! All you do is take and take. You don’t know what it means to work hard. You think it’s all just fun and games!”
I’m stunned by my dad’s words. I have no idea where he’s going with this. 
“I need Damien Blinman–Britney’s dad has a lot of connections in the business; he is the key contact.” 
“Dad, I don’t understand what’s happening!” 
“Of course you don’t! I’m on the verge of bankruptcy! All my work and all my legacy is about to get flushed down the toilet. I need Damien’s contact and his money, and you’re going to help me make this happen!” he points his finger at me and my heart races. I am finally starting to get what he’s saying I can’t believe this is happening. 
“So you are saying that I should get together with Britney so you can get the money for your failing business?” 
“Hallelujah, finally you got it! Finally, you understand! Why are you looking at me like that? What? Were you saving yourself for someone special?”
“Umm...yeah...I’d like to think that.” 
“Oh cut it out! Don’t be a fool. What? You like that teenage girl?’ 
Shit! Madeline couldn’t keep her mouth shut. 
“Yes, I do” I answer with confidence. 
“Don’t bullshit! I tell you what, you have few days to do what you need to do with your Lolita, and then you’re gonna get together with Britney. Understood?”
“No freaking way!” he can’t just take over my life like that! We’re living in a western world in the 21st century.
“You will do what I told you.”
“I’m never gonna propose to Britney; you don’t have control over that!”
“You’ve always been so fucking selfish, only cared about yourself.”
“What?” he’s partially right, but I’ve come a long way.  
“Yeah, here you are, living in this loft, working at your law firm, using the education that I paid for” Dad points at himself.
“I’m very grateful that you’ve paid for my schooling, but I’ll pay you back” I should’ve done it before; he will keep hanging it over my head.
“Pay me? When are you going to pay me? In twenty years? How much are you making right now as an entry level associate? And how much time will you need to put in before you make a partner and get paid semi-decent money?”
I don’t know what he wants from me; I’m no Donald Trump, I don’t have millions in my bank account.  As per usual, I hang my head low and don’t answer.
“I sell the loft and give you the money” I try to negotiate.
“Give me the money? Don’t you get it? It’s just a drop in the ocean; I need much more than that to save my company! Do something for once for your family.”
“Do something for the family or you?”
“FOR THE FAMILY” he yells, “You think you mother is prepared to go back to work? Do you think she’s prepared to live pay cheque to pay cheque or has it ever crossed your mind that it might completely kill her? She’s already addicted to her anti-depressants; bankruptcy will be the last nail in the coffin.”
I’m extremely tempted to tell him that her depression is his fault, his treatment of her, his coldness and indifference.
“Money was never important to mom; it is only important to you” I look into his angry eyes, his breathing is heavy he’s ready to attack like a bear that smells danger.
“Bullshit! Money is important to everyone! And what about Maddie? Have you thought of her?  Who’s gonna pay for her schooling?”
“She can take school loan” I suggest the best solution. “And I can help her to get through school.”
“You? Really? You’re too selfish and self-absorbed.”
“Dad, stop!” I raise my voice “Stop insulting me!”
“I’m not insulting you; I’m trying to get through to you!”
“Get through me? By making me marry someone I don’t love?”
“Jeez, Justin, you are a man, stop talking like a woman! Someone, you love? What a bunch of bull crap! There is no such thing as love; love goes away faster than you think. Besides, what can your Lolita give you huh? She’s probably with you only because your family has money.”
“It’s not true!”
“Don’t be a fool! This girl can’t give you anything! You’ll quickly lose your interest, trust me, and your family is doomed. Justin, man up, take responsibility. It’s not a big deal, marry Britney, and in a couple of years, you get divorced. Simple! If your Lolita loves you, she will wait!” 
“Her name is Amelie, and that’s a shitty plan!” 
“Justin, stop being stubborn, you do what I tell you to do, otherwise…”
“Otherwise, what?” 
“I’ll disown you; you can forget you have a family. Madeline will be on my side and certainly your mom as well.”
“You can’t do that!” 
It’s hard to believe that the man who’s standing here and threatening me is my own father!
“Oh yes, I can! That girl Britney is in love with you, I’m not sure why but she is. You will propose and save our family business. Who knows we might be able to merge our companies…”
“...yeah that be a heaven for you,” I say through my teeth. My mind is set; no fucking way I’m marrying Britney. It seems that Dad completely lost his mind. He’s trying to find ridiculous ways out. “Dad, you’re delusional, you really think that it’s that simple? I propose to Britney and boom Damien Blinman will pour millions into your business. Please...don’t be naive” I calmly take a sip of water, and my calmness irritates my dad. 
“You stop, talking to me this way, have fucking respect” Dad’s eyes turn red, and his body gets all tensed. 
“Oh, I tried to have respect, searching for your approval my whole life but all I’ve been getting is hate and contempt, but I’m done now, I’ll do what makes me happy. And being with Britney will make me miserable. I can care less about your company; I sell the loft and my car, I’ll give you all the money, you can go ahead and disown me, at this point I don’t care” I intensely look at him, and I see a fear in my dad’s eyes. He knows I’m serious and he also knows that he’s losing his control over me. 
“Don’t joke with me Justin; you want me on your side. You don’t want me as your enemy” his eyes are now bloodshot. 
Enemy? You are supposed to be my father. The word “enemy” shouldn’t be used amongst relatives. 
“I can’t believe we’re talking about this. I think you should go now.” 
“You’re playing with fire!” Dad cuts the distance between us, and now he’s right in front of my face.     
“Am I really? I’m gonna do what I want to do” I say and that sets dad over the edge. 
“Shut up! You’re a selfish bastard! Wish you were never born.” 
“Get out of here!” I yell. 
Dad grabs me by the neck, his grip is firm, and it’s really hard for me to breath. 
“Let go of me,” I say and try to gasp for air. I grab his hands and try to brush them off. I know I’m stronger than him, but the adrenaline and despair in my father’s blood turned him into an uncontrollable man. 
“You’re fucking going to do what I tell you to do,” his says with disgust and squeezes my neck tighter. 
“Get your hands off him!” Amelie’s voice travels our way. I manage to turn my head and see her running down the stairs holding my baseball bat. 
“Who the hell are you?” dad loosens his capture and finally sets my neck free.
“Oh, wait a minute. Is that her? Justin? That’s your Lolita?” he points at Amelie and laughs. 
“Yes, that’s her” I head toward Amelie and grab the baseball bat from her hand. This is the first time someone stood up for me; now I love her even more. Even my mother would never interfere with my dad’s emotional abuse toward me. 
“Are you blind, Justin? You are giving up on your family because of this?” 
“Don’t talk about her like that, and I’m not giving up on the family! I simply choose what I want from life.” 
“You are a fool, Justin! Remember my words; she’s not worth it!”
“Dad, leave now” I point at the exit. I’ve had enough of this nonsense. 
“Alright, I’ll leave” he heads to the door “But remember you’re not welcome in my house unless you do what I’ve told you. Make sure to put your loft on sale tomorrow, and same goes with your car” he glances at me with the eyes that full of despair and misery. I hate that look; I know that I don’t want to be like him. 
He slams the door and I can breath out. This was the most intense moment of my life. I wrap my arms around Amelie and hold her close to my heart. 
“Thank you for sticking up for me.” 
“You’re welcome” her voice trembles. She’s terrified. 
“I’m sorry about my dad’s behavior.”
“Yeah, he’s not a nice person. No wonder you guys don’t get along” she pulls away slightly.
 “He’s stuck in his ways. I’m sorry you had to hear all that. It’s terrible.”
“It’s ok” her eyes fill up with tears.
“What’s wrong baby? He’s gone now. He won’t be coming back” I hold her tight.
“Justin…”
Her tone scares me.
“What is it?”
“Your dad is right though?”
“What?” this time I pull away.
“What can I give you? And you’ll probably lose interest in me sooner than you want to admit.”
“That’s not true!”
“I think it is…” tears fall down her cheek and I’m ready to fall to my knees and beg her to believe me.
“I love you Amelie, and I’m not the guy that just throws these words around. I’m in love; I love you! You fulfill me!” I look into her eyes trying to convince her that I mean every word.
“I have nothing to give you.”
“Why are you keep saying that? I don’t care about the money; you can give me something that no one else can…love…you said you loved me. Is it true or is it just words?
“It’s true Justin, I swear! And that’s why I think what’s best for you. I don’t want you to be unhappy.”
“Who said I’ll be unhappy? If I do what my father tells me to do, then I’ll be unhappy.”
“Maybe we’ll be happy for a month or two, but then what? Your family will never forgive you, and then what if we don’t work? “
“Why are you so negative about everything?”
“I’m not negative, I’m realistic!” she argues. 
“Just relax, we are together. Nothing else matters.” 
“I dunno if that’s true though.” 
“What are you talking about?” 
“So you’re willing to throw everything away so you can be with me? You’re willing to give up your family to be with someone you barely know. Justin, you should think more about this” 
“There is nothing I need to think about! I’ll sell the loft, I’ll give money to my father, and that’s that”
“Well, what about your mom? Isn’t she depressed?” 
“Yes, she is. But money is not the cause of her depression. It’s my cold, narcissistic father who got her into that state. I’m her son; she’ll always love me” I come up to Amelie and hold her.
“Come on Meelie, just be with me. Don’t worry about the future” I stroke her soft hair. 
“But I do worry. Justin, I just can’t see you throwing everything away like this?” 
I release my embrace and breathe in heavily. 
“I’m not throwing anything away, besides my father’s plan is fucking ridiculous. I can’t believe he even suggested that. I don’t know what he was thinking. I’m telling you I’d rather hang myself by the nuts than marry Britney!” 
Amelie finally smiles. 
“Seriously though, Justin.” 
“I’m serious too. I WANT to be with you; I don’t know how else to tell you or what I need to do to prove it.” 
“But I don’t know if I deserve this kind of sacrifice” Amelie looks down. 
“You deserve to be fought for! I’m telling you!” 
“I don’t think I want you too…” she bites her lip. 
“Stop saying that!” feels to me that I’m trying to get through a thick layer of misunderstanding. 
“I need some time, Justin.” 
“What are you talking about?” 
“I’m gonna leave now. “ 
“WHY?” 
“Don’t worry I’ll come back; I just need to be alone.” 
“Please don’t go” I’m ready to cry. This is too much for one day. 
“I promise I’ll be back.” 
“When?” A day? A year? A month? I can’t believe I’m losing her again. What a fucking shitty day!” 
“I’ll be back soon,” she says unsure, and her eyes shift to the side again and become glazed with a glassy layer of tears.  As she blinks, they drip from her eyelids and slide down her cheek. She bites her lip tightly in an attempt to hide any sound that wants to escape from her insides. My heart is sinking. I’m hurting. Breathing for me is turning into the heavy, unbearable chore. 
“This is turning into a complete disaster.” 
“I’m sorry, Justin.” 
I shake my shoulders. Why is she giving up so easily? Why doesn’t she have a bit of faith in us? 
“Go then” I’m fighting hard not to fucking cry. The most important thing is slipping away before my eyes. I failed at being happy. 
“Justin, I’ll be back I promise” she attempts to come close to me, but I reject her. I’m drained. 
I walk away from her and sit on the couch. The noise from the door closing is another reminder of how alone I’m and how I can’t untangle the mess I’m in. I’ll die miserable and alone just like my father. Who would have thought? 
Right now I’m doing what I do best, simply staring at nothing. I don’t have the energy to get up or turn on the TV. What’s next for me? Waiting here for Amelie to return or just hang myself by the nuts? I always threaten to; maybe today is the day I do it? Why does loving someone turn out to be so hard? Why can’t love be simple? Why all the challenges? I think we can overcome it, but we have to do it together as a unit. I can’t do it on my own; I need her by my side. Why did she decide to give up? She out of all people shouldn’t be giving up so easily, after all, she’s been through, I thought she would be a fighter. However, maybe she doesn’t want to “ruin” my life by accepting my love. So stupid! 
I feel like escaping, running away, maybe I can be like that boy who went into the wild to Alaska, unfortunately, he died in the end. I’ll need to see how long it will take me to get to Alaska. Gotta be prepared. Or should I escape to South East Asia? South America? Always wanted to go to Argentina. Latino girls are cute. 
How can I repair my broken heart? Just an hour ago, Amelie was in my arms, and we patched everything up, and now she’s gone again. Why does she always runs away from me? Maybe we’re not meant to be? Is my dad right I should just marry Britney and sign my life away? After a couple of years, we get divorced, and I’ll be the hero in my family’s eyes. God, it’s all so fucking low! I can’t believe that thought even crossed my mind. I wish there would be some oracle who I can ask for help and who would give me guidance. It sucks to realize that I can’t even open up to any of my friends. They wouldn’t be able to give me advice. WHO CAN THEN? Is running away my best option? What about my career? I do like what I do, but staying in this city feels unbearable to me. Maybe I can get a transfer somewhere overseas? Fuck it all. I can work in South East Asia. The firm has offices all over the place. The thought of changing my qualifications over again makes me instantly tired, so much work. 
I jump in my seat as I hear a knock. How much time has passed? I didn’t even notice. 
I look at the watch; two hours have passed. Two hours of staring at the ceiling, great time management. Good for me. 
I have a feeling it’s my father behind the door. What does he want now? Did he come to finish me off? Put me out of my misery and shoot me?  Please, you are welcome here. 

I get off my ass and open my front door. 
“You came back?” I’m stunned. 
“God, you sound like the Beast from “Beauty and the Beast”” she rolls her eyes. 
“Oh, Amelie” 
How do we manage to crack jokes still when we’re in crisis? 
“Of course I came back, I said I would” 
She’s giving me hope once again. 
“May I come in?” 
I’m motionless from the shock. “Oh, yes please, sorry, come in.” 
What is it going to be? Break up or make up? What will she tell me? Will she once again break my poor heart? 
“So I thought about our situation” she smiles. I’m glad she finds it amusing. 
“And?” 
“I want you to make love to me.”
She doesn’t stop surprising me; I never know what to expect from her. My eyebrows raise to the point of my hair line.
“Why are you looking at me like that?”
“I’m surprised by your request.”
“You don’t want to make love to me?”
Hell yeah, I do! Each time I see Amelie, I get instant boners. I wanted her since the first day I saw her. But it’s not just her body that I sought after; it’s the whole package–her personality, our compatibility, her views on life.
“You kidding? Of course, I want to ma…make love to you” these words are hard to pronounce–have sex is more accurate isn’t it?
“Then let’s go.”
“Fine, we do that and then what? What’s going to happen next?” I open my eyes wide and wait for her answer.
“You tell me…”
“What do you mean?”
“It will be your decision. It’s either you have sex with me and lose your interest or…”
“Or ?”
“–you don’t” she smiles.
“So if I don’t lose the interest, can we be together?”
“I don’t see why not?”
She comes up to me and pulls my head in, consuming my lips with hers. She takes off my shirt and runs her hand down my chest. It’s our time.
She looks at me as if trying to memorize every line of my face.
“I love you.”
“I love you too” it feels so good to say the words.
Without any hesitation she takes off her sweater, exposing her perfect breasts. She leaves me no choice but to follow her orders.  I’m nervous and excited at the same time, I’ll be her first man, and she’s the first woman that I love. It’s the first time for both of us.
She takes first step upstairs, turns around to make sure I’m following her. I right behind her. Love making is about to start.










