HUNGRY
A. S. Albrecht
Copyright 2011 by A. S. Albrecht
Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This novel is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including but not limited to photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the express written permission of the Publisher, except where permitted by law.
Selections from The Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri.
This book is also available in print at online retailers.



Chapter 1
Tonight let him come and touch me, she thought.
To say he had gotten under her skin wasn't enough.
She knew from the movies that falling in love was the greatest experience in the world. And with the warm feeling the stranger gave her, she was sure that even if it weren't love, it was something she wanted to feel again. How to describe the warm feeling? This she couldn't do, but when the stranger touched her, she was overcome with incredible pleasure. In small doses it was better than anything she had ever felt. Love or not, she needed more.
It was past closing time at the gallery. She paced impatiently up and down the aisles to see if any visitors were still there. One visitor remained, studying a painting in the exhibition room where local artists' work was displayed. A month ago she would have been annoyed by a late visitor, but not tonight. The reason for this was simple. It all started with a man.
She managed an art gallery in downtown Fort Worth, Texas for her boss and best friend Julian Lauren. She loved the gallery. For her it was home away from home. Tonight was a muggy Wednesday in late March. The sky was darkening. Ten days ago, a man, she guessed around forty, had started coming to the gallery around closing time. This man never bought anything. He said little, and would look around, constantly taking in glances of her along with the artwork.
Normally by this time of the evening, she was exhausted. Her feet were aching, and a crick in her neck kept her hand on her back until the last visitor left. But tonight, she was not tired. She was alert, anxious even, and aware of the time. Time for her closing-time visitor, but was he not going to come tonight? Please, please, she thought, please come.
When the mysterious man first came to the gallery, she didn't think much of this. Many handsome men came to see the artwork, but not her. She was plain Jane Walker. Plain, but not unattractive. She had brown eyes, and shoulder length hair that fell in dense brown curls around her shoulders. For an older woman there was a youthful glow to her face. She was thin without a lot of curvy definition, but she was funny, kind, and had an infectious smile. She had little experience with men. Even at the old age of thirty five, in her entire lifetime she had only been with four men, one of which was a one night stand. She had never been married, never had children, and had never been in love before. Her life consisted of her job, her platonic relationship with Julian, and a friendship with Samantha her old college chum. Her sex life was at a standstill, and had been for a year now. Jane was happy with her situation in life, but had become bored. Day after day she walked the halls of the gallery longing for something exciting to happen to her.
She crossed her arms, and continued to pace the gallery, surveying the three large exhibition rooms. The first room was closed off. She had purchased large jewelry cabinets for the Margo Rose show opening on Friday. For the moment the two entrances to this room were sealed off with long, see-through plastic sheets that hung down from the ceiling to the floor. Through the plastic one could see the jewelry cabinets along the wall, a large poster with Margo's picture, and information about the show, and stacks of pamphlets on the floor. Jane would be relieved when this room was ready to show on Friday.
Jane continued walking, peeking into the room on the right. This room was the smallest of the three. Each room had track lighting on the ceiling, exposed air conditioning vents, and white floors that gleamed in the bright light. This room was empty of visitors. It housed three small paintings that she had painted herself. Julian, having seen these paintings years before, would not let it go until she agreed to put them in the gallery. For years they had hung on the wall with no interested buyers. Jane told Julian she wanted to take them down, and put up something that would sell, but he refused, saying they would stay up until the end of time if need be. Jane had smiled at this, and finally gave up the fight with Julian, which she never would have won anyway.
The rest of the gallery was made up of two large offices in the back. One for her that was full of paperwork, documents, and sticky notes, and another office next door for Julian, that sat empty and dark most of the time. A large private bathroom and a full kitchen finished off the gallery.
Jane took a breath and turned around, heading for the last room. She glanced out the double glass doors, looking for the mysterious man. She saw no one. The gallery was quiet. She sighed. For her a sigh was a word. It was an unspoken clue to how she felt. She sighed often. This came from spending most of her time alone. She was disappointed to think he might not come tonight, after thinking of him all day.
She crossed her fingers, and pressed on. Her heels echoed through the halls as she made her way to the last room. The last room was the largest. It held paintings, sculpture, and had four wooden benches arranged in a square in the middle of the room. She walked into the room and looked around. The older lady was scribbling something on a small yellow pad. The woman looked up at Jane and smiled. Jane returned her smile, noting that the woman seemed to be wrapping up.
Jane said, “Is everything okay?”
“Yes,” the woman replied. “Sorry to stay so late.”
“Not a problem,” Jane said. She watched the woman return her pad and pen to a busy floral backpack she carried. In one motion the woman had the backpack zipped up, and was quickly lacing the straps over her arms. With the backpack on, the woman stood up ready to go. She started walking in the direction Jane stood.
Catching the woman's eyes, Jane smiled, and walked with her out of the room, and towards the front door.
The older woman said, “It's warm for March.” The woman smiled a friendly smile at Jane.
“It seems to get warmer earlier every year,” Jane said.
The woman agreed, nodding her head.
The two women said nothing else, but walked towards the door. When they reached the door, Jane stuck her hand out to open the door for the woman. But before Jane touched the handle, she felt the door opening on its own. Jane looked away from the lady, turning her head up, catching the face of someone familiar.
It was the man. The man she had thought of all day. He had finally arrived. Jane froze for a second. She told herself over the course of his last few visits not to stare, and not make it obvious she was glad when he came. But she couldn't help herself. Jane found herself staring into the piercing blue eyes of this welcome stranger.
The man returned her stare, and smiled back at her. He held the door open for the older woman.
Jane stood up and dropped her arm to her side.
The older woman smiled, embarrassed, and looked back and forth between the two of them. She let out a nervous laugh, and said to Jane, “I guess I'm not the last one after all.”
“Goodnight,” Jane said, a second later. She watched the older woman pass through the open door, walk around the man, and disappear down the street.
Jane again took up the man's quiet stare. He had never moved, nor had he stopped watching Jane.
She backed up, making space, waiting for him to come inside.
With a smile he walked through the door towards Jane. He said nothing as the door closed behind him.
She noticed the man was his normal easy self. Confident and charming. A little cocky even, she thought. But she loved it. The way he pursued her night after night. A nervous jolt pulsed through her. She hoped her hair was smooth, and framing her face. She prayed the extra makeup she put on today still looked fresh. Ever since the man appeared in the gallery, she found herself dressing nicer, sexy even, going with knee length fitted skirts, silky blouses, and higher heels as opposed to the flats she normally wore. Today Jane had on a black, fitted skirt, a white blouse, and small diamond stud earrings in her ears. The earrings were a gift from Julian. He gave them to Jane the day she received her diploma, having earned her masters degree in modern art.
Jane smiled and said, “I wasn't sure if you were coming tonight.”
The man grinned. He took a step forward, and stood close to her. Without making it obvious, she inhaled quietly. She parted her lips trying to breathe him and the warm feeling in. Each night he came she found herself feeling more nervous. Each day she thought of this moment more often, keeping tabs on the clock a few minutes earlier every evening. For the last two days the gallery had closed on its normal schedule, and the time away from this mysterious man had been torture. She lived for these few minutes, and was starting to crave them.
Jane could feel his cool breath on her face. It was now that she realized how much bigger he was than she. He was at least a foot taller. His shoulders were broad, and she could detect no scent of him. Jane felt the beginnings of the warm feeling, just from his standing close to her. The feeling was disturbing her ability to focus on anything but him. His skin was pale and smooth like porcelain. He had a high forehead and sharp features. His brown, wavy hair framed his face, and he had deep blue eyes that shined. And again tonight he was dressed in all black. The only jewelry he wore was a gold watch and his clothes were a combination of relaxed elegance. She let out a little sigh. His presence this close to her was overwhelming. His gaze, hypnotizing. His smile, tantalizing.
“Stop!” The little voice demanded.
It was the annoying little voice that lived in her mind. The voice most people hear. The voice of reason.
Jane realized what she was doing, and looked away. She was staring again. She willed herself to take a few steps back and turned around, facing away from the man. This seemed to help reduce the warm feeling. Again she crossed her arms walking slowly in the other direction. She turned to look at him, waiting for him to move or speak.
The man's grin grew wider. This made her face and neck burn with heat. She smiled loving this game they shared night after night. He walked inside, pausing to look around, then headed in the direction of the smallest exhibition room. This was the room he always went to. He walked past her, taking a long look at her on the way, then turned right making a straight line for the room. He knew the layout of the gallery.
She waited a moment, watching him walk away. She sighed. “Calm down. Focus,” she whispered to herself. She followed him slowly. It made her smile, knowing where he was going. Of all the art in the gallery, what was it about her artwork that he wanted to see night after night? Jane watched him disappear through the arched entryway of the smallest exhibition room. She ran her hand over her hair, and patted down her clothes. Then slowly, as if not all that interested, followed him into the room.
She found him standing in front of the same picture he always studied. She approached him, not getting too close. She snuck a peek of his face as he examined the painting.
The man's eyes were very serious. Jane noticed he did not blink, but stared, focused, looking at the picture with great interest.
She laced her fingers together behind her back, and looked the painting over for a minute. Many years had passed since she painted this picture. The three paintings in the room were all different, with unusual content and themes. Jane had painted them all using watercolors. The picture on the left wall depicted an ocean storm. There was no land that could be seen. Angry clouds covered a dark sky. There was a break in the clouds. Light streamed through this break, highlighting a bird carrying a bracelet in its mouth. A hand reached up from below, rising out of the water, attempting to reclaim the bracelet.
Her second picture hung silently on the back wall, illuminated by a spotlight. In the foreground was a hill, and beyond the hill a never-ending sky, foreboding, and just at twilight. Rising out of the ground was the face of a woman turned on its side, with a star on her forehead and eyes wild with darkness. Her hair flew wildly behind her, disappearing into umbra, and on her neck lay a reflection of the evening star.
The wall to the right of the back wall had a small description of Jane, the artist. Three carefully worded sentences covered her education, love of art, and her position at the gallery, along with a current picture of her.
The fourth wall held the last picture. The man stood in front of it. He seemed drawn to this painting, and would stand in front of it transfixed for several minutes each night. The painting depicted the top of an iceberg so high that it seemed to touch a pale, frozen sky, with northern lights aglow in the background. In the foreground of the painting rose a huge head that rested against the iceberg. The figure's two hands held up its resting head, lifting a veil that covered its face, exposing a black, dead eye full of sadness on an ivory face devoid of expression. And on the brow sat a kingly crown that seemed to glow with white flame.
Over the course of the last ten days, she had learned very little about this man. She did not ask his name, and he hadn't signed in the visitor's log, even though she asked him to. He was quiet, and seemed to pulse with thought when looking at this painting. Their conversations generally covered this picture, and her feelings when she painted it. On a previous visit to the gallery the man had asked her about this picture. She told him it was her own creation, and had been in the gallery a long time. Every night the man would stare at it, sometimes asking her questions about it and sometimes not.
Jane finally said, “That picture is for sale, if you like it.”
The man turned and smiled at her briefly, then turned back to the painting and said, “Gia' era, e con paura il metto in metro, l'a dove l'ombre tutte eran coperte, e trasparien come festuca in vetro.”
Jane frowned and shifted on her heels. She said, “I'm sorry, I don't understand. Italian, is it?”
The man nodded. He stopped smiling, and said, “People with two faces live a long, cold, tortured life.”
He was very serious as he said this. She was still confused. She didn't know what he meant, or what he was trying to tell her. Suddenly the man turned to face Jane. His serious expression melted into a smile. “Tell me what you were thinking when you painted this!”
Jane hesitated. Why does he say that every time he comes in? she thought.
The man looked her in the eyes, waiting for her answer.
“I honestly don't remember,” she said smiling. “I would tell you if I could. It's been many years.”
“Were you happy when you painted this?” he asked.
Jane thought for a moment. “I was absorbed by it,” was all she said. She hoped this answer would satisfy him.
The man gazed down at her, letting his eyes linger on her lips. He looked at her for a long time. It was rare for men to look at her this way. She had felt his eyes undress her before, but now the hungry expression on his face, that hovered while he looked at her mouth made it hard for her to stand still.
Touch me, she thought. She leaned forward a little and sighed. Her heart began to race. It was a fight not to tremble. There was a constant throb from somewhere deep within.
She stood still, trying not to fidget and make it obvious how much she wanted him to touch her. She hoped he would kiss her. Yet he was a stranger. Jane stayed as calm and professional as she could, keeping eye contact with him, and smiling sweetly. The long silence was turning tense. Then the man came alive suddenly. He lifted his eyes to meet hers. He smiled. She held in a sigh. He walked over to her, and stood side by side with her. He looked back at the painting. She did as well. She was about to say something when she felt him place his open palm on the small of her back. She almost jumped, feeling his hand. Then she relaxed.
The man leaned down and whispered something in her ear, something that she couldn't understand. A rush of the warm feeling filled her like the effects of a first drag. Jane swooned. She shut her eyes. She leaned her head back and sighed hard, enjoying the feeling.
The man held her up for a moment. He placed his other hand on her stomach to balance her, as the dizzy spell came and went. Once she was stable he removed his hands. His shoes clapped as he walked behind her, and headed out of this room, in the direction of the gallery doors. She put her arms up to steady herself. She opened her eyes, and looked around the room for him. She turned, surprised to hear a gallery door open then close. She rushed out of the room, and saw him disappear down the street. The mysterious man was gone.
She stood transfixed in this spot for several minutes thinking about what just happened. What does he do to me? she thought.
The little voice in her head said, “He is bad news. Stay away from him.”
But she ignored the voice. At the moment, it wasn't saying anything she wanted to hear. She didn't want to stay away from him.
This man was all she could think about the rest of the evening. Mechanically, she shut the gallery down, got her purse from her office, turned off a few lights, and left, locking the gallery doors. She thought of nothing for rest of the night. All she could think of was his hand on her body, and the dizzy feeling that briefly came over her.
Jane lived only a few miles from the gallery. In a daze she drove the short distance to her home. Like a robot she went about her evening. She showered and brushed her teeth. Each night she took the stranger's face to bed with her, peeling his clothes away in her mind, still overcome by the strange effect his presence had on her. She thought he was the most handsome man she had ever seen. There was an unearthly beauty about him. As if he were perfect.
“Too perfect,” the little voice said.
The way an angel would appear in a human form. Something pleasing to cover something incomprehensible.
She remembered his eyes. She thought of his hand on her back, and his other hand on her stomach. His mouth was inches away from her face. The warm feeling was intense, even now. It had penetrated every crevice of her body. The thought of his touching her, kissing her, ravaging her dominated her thoughts until she fell asleep.



Chapter 2
Jane got to the gallery late on Thursday morning. She had overslept, forgetting to set her alarm clock the night before. She dressed quickly, throwing on a red skirt, white blouse, and black flats, with only a watch for jewelry. Since she didn't have time, Jane skipped breakfast, and drove quickly, hoping to beat the men she hired to arrange the jewelry cabinets for the Rose show.
It was rare for her to be late. By nature she was very organized and composed. When she arrived, there were already two visitors waiting at the door.
Jane parked her car in front of the gallery just in time to see the two men she hired parking their white van down the street. She watched them get out, and head towards the gallery. Purse in hand, she quickly headed for the gallery doors. “Sorry,” she said to the people waiting. She was glad they didn't seem angry. She held the door open for them, then dashed through the three exhibition rooms to the back, turning on lights, and setting the air conditioner at 70.
She could hear the men's loud voices as they came in. Jane walked back through the rooms, and greeted the men. She asked them to wait for a moment. She got the visitor's log out. She splayed it open, and put a pen next to it. Then sat it on a desk that set near the front doors of the gallery.
With a quick check on the visitors, she was back in front of the men, ready to work. She quickly focused on what needed to be done.
She had spent the last three months cultivating an artist known as Margo Rose. Margo made what Jane referred to as wearable art. Margo made earrings, cuff bracelets, necklaces and pins out of steel, and silver, and gold. Jane thought her creations were inspiring. Tomorrow the gallery would premier Margo's work.
The next few hours were spent working, preparing for the show. The first thing the men did was take down the plastic sheets covering the archways. Once inside Jane and the two men got to work, hanging posters, moving jewelry cases around and around until she felt the visual setup and flow worked. She had the men adjust the track lights until the light hit the cases at just the right angle, lighting them up, without glaring on the glass. It was exciting for her to work as the groups of people came in and out of the gallery, stopping to watch her.
Jane often took breaks from the room to answer visitor's questions, explain artwork, or answer the phone. Around 1pm she took a lunch break. The men were finished. She paid them, walked them out and thanked them.
For the first time in several hours, she had a moment to breathe. She retrieved her purse from her office, and locked the gallery doors. She drove a few streets away. She had a sandwich stuffed with tuna, on wheat bread, at a local cafe, where she ate almost every day. She made it a point to sit down this entire hour, and rest, gearing up for the long afternoon. By 2pm Jane had returned to the gallery. She parked her car, got out, and locked the car. She was back to the gallery doors in no time, and unlocked them, reconciling herself to the rest of the day. She had five hours to go before closing time. Then more work after that.
The afternoon proved to be slow. She walked the halls of the gallery. She sighed, bored. The occasional visitor would enter the gallery. She made it a point to tell everyone who came in about Margo's show, and about the different art in the gallery.
She made phones calls, and spent an hour on the phone with Margo going over last minute details. She surveyed the artwork taking notes. She was happy not only for the show the following day, but Jane had a call from Julian. He was in town, and would stay until Sunday night. He wanted to meet her for dinner at a steakhouse on Main Street at 8:30pm. Julian had a habit of staying away for months at a time on business. When he was in town, she made it a point to see him as much as possible.
At 6:45pm Jane made a final pass around the gallery, straightening pamphlets, and picking up trash. With all the excitement over the show and Julian's return, she had completely forgotten about the mysterious man and his nightly visits.
By 7:10pm the last visitor had left, and the gallery was empty. She locked the gallery doors, and returned to the exhibition room.
First she laid cards inside the jewelry cases. Each card displayed a name, brief description of the piece, and its price. She spent a lot of time being very meticulous with this. Once the cards were set, she cleaned all the cases with Windex, making sure there was no dust, or fingerprints on anything. She ran a vacuum over the white floors, and stacked pamphlets on the edge of one of the jewelry cases. Then she hung a large poster on the wall with Margo's picture on it.
The final thing was to set out the jewelry. She went to the back of the gallery, and carried a box with all of Margo's jewelry in it to the exhibition room. Jane set it on the floor. Taking a pair of white gloves from the box, she pulled the gloves over each of her hands, and one by one set out each piece of jewelry, cleaning each piece first, with a cloth.
It was 8pm when she had finished. She stood up and looked around the room. A very pleased smile crossed her face. “Looks good,” she said. She pulled the gloves off and walked around the room. The show was ready, the room looked perfect. She felt excitement speeding through her. This is what she lived for.
Jane heaved a satisfied sigh, and looked at her watch. She had plenty of time to drive the few streets to the restaurant and meet Julian. She went back to her office, and got her purse. She turned the air conditioner up to 78, and shut off the lights in the gallery, except for a few low lights that stayed on all night.
She made her way through the gallery to the glass doors. It was now she realized the mysterious man had not come. She was surprised he had not visited. But more surprised that she had forgotten him. His daily presence was necessary like water to the body. A sudden sadness took over, and her good feeling drained away. She unlocked one of the glass doors of the gallery, opened it, and walked through. She tugged on each handle several times making sure they were locked. Then she turned around. There was her car, waiting for her under a streetlamp. Before Jane got in her car, she looked up and down the streets, straining her neck, thinking maybe the man was nearby, waiting for her. He didn't come, she thought to herself. She had heard no knocking, no noise while arranging Margo's jewelry.
Jane felt the sadness spread like pain. She suddenly wanted the warm feeling.
This was the first night the man had not come. The only thought making her feel better was knowing that in a few short minutes she would see Julian.
She walked over to her car, hit the button, opened the door, and slid into the leather seat. She pulled the door shut, and locked it. She tossed her purse on the seat next to her, and put the key in the ignition. The car hummed to life. She looked behind her, and when it was safe pulled onto the road and headed for Main Street.
The evening was warm. She noticed people were out in groups walking around, enjoying what downtown Fort Worth offered. This was one of the things she liked about Fort Worth. It was alive at night, and there was always something happening. Fort Worth was north of the hill country, right at the base of the great plains. This city was part of what Texans called the metroplex. It was a huge area that consisted of Dallas, Arlington, Fort Worth, plus lots of other suburbs. Fort Worth had many different people, night life and interesting culture, and it was smaller than Dallas. It was a strange blending of cowboys and art, oil money and cattle business, and Jane loved it.
She could see the sign for the steakhouse. She waited briefly at a light, then turned her car left into the parking lot, parking right in front of the doors.
She turned the car off, and pulled the key from the ignition. She opened her door, grabbed her purse, and got out of the car. Once she was standing she ran her hand through her hair, and patted down her clothes. With a quick movement she slammed the door, and pushed the button to lock the car. Jane glanced at her watch. She was fifteen minutes early. She knew Julian wouldn't be here. Julian Lauren, her boss, was habitually late.
Julian was a French import. She loved the way he rambled in broken English, and used the incorrect verb tense. Julian was a rich business man, and a good friend of her late uncle Mr. Reed. To her he was Julian. The father she never had.
Jane was born in El Paso, Texas. Her father was a high school teacher, and her mother a homemaker. What they lacked financially they made up for with love. When she was two, her parents were killed in a head-on collision on I-10 coming home from Austin.
Jane was sent to live with the Reed family, as Mr. Reed was her mother's brother. The Reeds were very wealthy. They lived in an ostentatious house in a suburb of Houston. Mr. Reed, a true Texan, had made his money in the oil industry.
Mr. Reed had three children of his own, and a wife named Sarah. There was John, the oldest child, Elizabeth, the second oldest, and Georgie, the youngest and a baby in every sense of the word. Jane and Georgie were close in age. Over the years the children were very cruel to her. Whether spoken or inferred they made it a daily rule to remind Jane she was parent-less, friendless, unloved and not a Reed.
Mrs. Reed didn't think much better of Jane. Sarah had always hated Jane's Mother. When she found out Jane had been left to her and Mr. Reed she begged her husband to orphan Jane, but Mr. Reed would not hear of it.
She and Mr. Reed formed a bond early on. It seemed Mr. Reed loved Jane more than his own children. This made Mrs. Reed resent her even more.
When Jane was just nine, Mr. Reed had a heart attack. With Mr. Reed no longer in the house, Jane suddenly had no one to love her, and no one to talk with.
Mrs. Reed took care of her basic needs. She was never without food, a home, clothes, or supplies for school. It was love and acceptance she kept from her. Sarah eschewed Jane, and left her to fend for herself emotionally.
Jane learned to be seen and not heard. She did her homework zealously, and became quite proficient with her time. She was smart and organized. Being unloved and alone taught her self reliance, and even though she was not showered with gifts and love the way her cousins routinely were, she learned to value the more important things in life, such as kindness, and in the long run was a better person for it.
Time passed. As the Reed children aged, they lost interest in teasing Jane. The opposite sex, drugs and gadgets had a firm hold of their attention. The older they got, the more they drifted from the house. When John was sixteen he was found dead at a friend's house from a cocaine overdose.
A few years later Elizabeth left home to attend a small Christian University. This would be the last time Jane would ever see Elizabeth. Two years after that Jane and Georgie were seniors in high school. Jane worked hard at school, making the top three in a class of two thousand. She earned a full scholarship to the University of Texas at Austin. Georgie, who never took anything seriously, got pregnant by her on-again and off-again high school boyfriend. Mrs. Reed insisted Georgie marry.
The day Jane left for college, she was finally free. These were some of the best years of her life. She made great advances with her education and personal growth. It was during these years that Jane met her best friend Samantha.
At first glance Samantha reminded Jane of Georgie. Samantha came from a rich family in Dallas, and seemed wholly uninterested in studying, preferring to go clubbing and chase Pikes. Samantha was beautiful and given everything on a silver plate, yet Samantha was kind hearted. Samantha was an only child, but soon an implausible friendship sparked between she and Samantha.
Samantha told Jane stories about her neurotic mother and the little dog she carried in her purse. Jane told Samantha stories about artists who sucked on their paintbrushes. She taught her about great painters like Salvador Dali and Georgia O'Keefe. She even painted pictures of Samantha. She was a talented artist and Samantha loved this attention. She grew to love Jane.
It was also during this time that Julian Lauren became a bigger part of Jane's life. Julian had kept up with her all her adolescent life. The two of them had a secret friendship. Julian remembered Jane at Christmas and on her birthdays. When Mr. Reed died, Julian did not abandon her. Instead he waited, making it his goal to watch over Jane, making sure she was never in need for anything. Julian had no children of his own, and Jane had always stood out to him.
While Jane attended college, he visited her often, paying for her food and other necessities. Her senior year of college, Julian offered to pay for Jane to get her Masters degree if she would promise to work at his gallery when she finished. She made this promise and kept it.
Jane was required to learn a language in order to get her masters degree. She learned enough French to meet the requirement, and six years later, she graduated with a Masters in Modern Art. It was the summer of her twenty fourth year that Jane moved to Fort Worth, to work for Julian Lauren.
Over the next eleven years Jane made stunning accomplishments at the Hunt Gallery downtown. Jane and Julian showcased local artists, but every few years Jane managed to secure larger names which put the gallery on the map. She had finally found her place in the world, and had never been happier.
Dinners with Julian were rare and exciting for her. She did whatever was necessary to be available to see Julian when he was in town, and Julian was rarely in town. Julian spent most of his time overseas, an kept an apartment in Paris. His trips to Fort Worth occurred a handful of times each year. Julian would stay at a hotel when he was in town, and let Jane use his car to help her save money.
Julian never stopped working, was busy all day, and didn't really blossom into a normal human until just after dusk. He was also brilliant. His charisma was infectious, and Jane was eager to talk with him about Margo Rose. Julian had been the first man in her life to appreciate her for her talents, her knowledge of art history, and love her for herself. There was a professional friendship between them. For Jane, Julian was an older, kind, and an impressive man. Jane wanted to be important to him.
She opened the door to the restaurant, and looked around. She was sure Julian couldn't possibly be here, when she thought she heard his voice. Julian's French accent was hard to miss, especially in a Texas city. His voice seemed to be coming from a hidden table a few rows down and to the left. Jane thought his voice sounded distressed, even angry. He spoke quickly, as if agitated. Jane smiled at the hostess, and walked around the podium towards his voice. She could hear him saying in a low, but barely controlled tone, “I beg you, don't hurt her. She is like a daughter to me.”
Jane approached the table slowly, her concern growing. She stopped short of the table, her eyes shinning as she saw Julian. He suddenly noticed her, and stopped talking. She was worried, seeing him so roused. He looked agitated and nervous. The small fire in his cheeks had grown larger, and his face looked red and hot. He slid out of the maroon colored booth, and quickly stood up, flinging his cloth napkin on the table. He held his arms out to hug her.
As usual, Julian was dressed to the nines in an expensive, gray suit. She smiled as she hugged him. At fifty five his hair was white, and he had the face of a distinguished older man. Jane would describe his eyes as hazel, although some days they were more dark brown than others. He used glasses, but only to read.
“Bonjour,” Julian said, kissing each of her cheeks quickly.
“Bonjour,” Jane said. She smiled and hugged Julian close. It made her happy to see him. But Julian was quickly pulling away from her. With a nervous tone in his voice, he held his hand up, and began to introduce someone to her.
“Jane, I would like to introduce a friend of mine, Monsieur Kanin Basileo.”
Jane turned and bent around to see who was in the booth. She froze for a moment. At the sight of this person, her smile fell away. Her eyes grew wide. His presence sent her heart racing. The man stood up, smiling a charming smile, seemingly pleased to see her standing there.
Jane blushed. It was the man from the gallery now with a name, Kanin Basileo.
Kanin was again dressed in all black, wearing only a gold watch.
Julian was moving, talking quickly to her, but the meaning of his words were clouded by the feeling the man gave her. It was the warm feeling. She found her thoughts hazy. All she could think of was him. She took a deep breath. She held his stare for a long time. It wasn't until Julian touched her hand with his that Jane looked away from Kanin, and around at Julian.
“Are you all right, Jane?” Julian asked.
“Yes,” she managed to say. “I'm just hungry.” Jane glanced back at Kanin. He had moved out of the booth, and was standing in front of her, towering over the two of them with a loaded smile on his face.
Jane smiled at Kanin and said, “we have met before, at the gallery. Mr. Basileo has been a regular for several evenings now.”
This information seemed to bother Julian. Julian quickly glanced at Kanin, then back at Jane.
Kanin lifted his hand and held it close to her. “Jane, right?” he said.
Easy, she thought. She raised her hand. “Yes, Jane,” she said taking his hand in hers. His hand was cool. His touch relaxing.
They shook hands for several seconds.
Jane laughed, ecstatic. She finally had a name for the face of the man she had fantasized about for so many days. Kanin returned her smile with the same amount of enthusiasm. The only person who seemed irritated was Julian. Julian stood close to Jane, keeping his eye on Kanin.
A few seconds later, Jane let go of Kanin's hand. In a very happy tone she said to him, “It's nice to put a name to the face.”
He smiled.
Julian glared at him. He was not happy about their introduction.
This concern did not go unnoticed. Kanin caught the old man's heated glare, and took the hint. In a pleasant tone, he looked back at Jane and said, “I'm afraid I have to go. I am already late for another meeting.” Kanin looked over at Julian. “Until tomorrow night,” he said. And without another word, he walked around the two of them and headed for the door. More than once he glanced back at the two of them, letting his eyes linger on Jane.
Both Julian and Jane watched him leave. Jane found it strange, odd even, that as Kanin left several women turned and watched him, not moving their attention away until he was out of the door, and gone from sight.
She shook her head, and smiled with excitement. She turned to face Julian. “That is so strange,” she said, “to see him here.”
“Let us sit down,” Julian said, gently pushing Jane toward the booth. Jane sat down where Julian had been sitting, and Julian took Kanin's seat.
“He has been coming to the gallery at night?” Julian asked.
“Yes, for a couple of weeks now.”
“What does he do, Jane, when he comes?”
Jane laughed, wondering what the concern was for. “Nothing,” she said holding her hands up. “He looks at the artwork. It's funny. He always looks at one of my paintings when he visits.”
“Which one?” Julian asked quickly. She noticed Julian seemed very tense over this new information. His face was full of worry. He looked at her directly, not moving or blinking even.
She took his cue, and stopped smiling. She took on a serious tone, and said, “the one with the iceberg, and the face with the veil.”
Julian nodded, recalling the painting. This didn't seem to surprise him.
Jane asked, “what did he mean until tomorrow night?”
Julian sighed and hesitated. “There is a party at his house tomorrow. Many of my clients will be there.”
“Is Kanin one of your clients?”
“Oui,” Julian said. “I found him a big house outside of town.”
Suddenly Julian's cell phone was singing. “Pardon,” he said to her, pulling it from inside his jacket pocket. “Hallo? Yes,” he said looking away from her.
Jane frowned. She could hear a deep voice on the phone. She tilted her head and listened. The voice seem to be giving Julian instructions about something. After several seconds Julian said, “I understand.” Without looking at her, he pushed a button on the phone, and replaced it to his jacket pocket.
She stared at him, waiting for an explanation. “Who was that?” she finally asked.
Julian looked at her, and held her intrigued stare. “That was Kanin. He has asked me to bring you to his party tomorrow night.” Julian didn't look happy about this.
Jane frowned, and held in a smile. Hallelujah! she thought. This was great news. She found herself suddenly excited. The man she had dreamed about for days now had invited her to a party at his house. “You don't want me to go, Julian?”
Julian's expression did not change. He did not seem angry or upset, or surprised by this phone call. He simply looked at her, and said, “I am happy for you to go, Jane. And I must go with you. We will go together and leave together. I think that is best.”
“Okay,” she said smiling. “What kind of party is it?”
“People I have known many years, will be there. Clients I have sold property to, from all over.”
“Sounds exciting,” Jane said grinning.
Julian sighed. Then he became serious and spoke to Jane in a fatherly tone. “Let me warn you against him, Jane. He is –” Julian hesitated, thinking of the right words. “He is a man of the world.”
Jane frowned, confused. “What do you mean?” she asked.
“Just be careful around him, yes?” Julian said. “That is all I am asking.” Julian raised his eyebrows for effect.
She smiled. This was all too much. Kanin was a man. Like any other man. She had been with men before. She understood the rules, and already knew a man like him could have anyone. Jane was inexperienced with men, but not naive. “I can handle myself,” she said, smiling a comforting smile at Julian.
Julian smiled back at Jane. “Now,” he said, “let us talk of Margo Rose. Where are we with the exhibition?”
“We are ready.”
“Excellent, Jane, excellent. This gallery would be lost in shade without you.”
Jane grinned with enthusiasm.
“So tell me the details.”
“Well –”
A finely dressed waiter approached.
“Pardon,” Julian said to Jane. Julian looked directly at the waiter, and said, “I will have a glass of the Jackson Merlot. That is all.”
“And for you, madame?”
Jane said disappointed, “You are not eating, Julian?”
“I am not hungry, Jane, but eat, s'il vous plait?”
As she looked at her menu, the waiter said, “our specials tonight are the filet mignon, steak Dianne served with twice baked potatoes, and our fresh catch is the salmon, pan seared in a butter lemon sauce.”
Jane said, “I will have the salmon, and a dinner salad no dressing.”
“To drink?” the waiter asked.
“Water,” Jane said, smiling.
The waiter said, “very good,” and left.
Jane turned her attention back to Julian.
Julian said, “Now tell me about the Rose, the detail for tomorrow.”
“All the jewelry is on display. Everything is priced. The caterers are coming tomorrow afternoon. I mailed the invitations weeks ago. All you have to do is show up, and be your charming self.”
“Bravo,” Julian said.
“What do you think?” Jane asked holding her wrist up, showing Julian one of Margo's pieces. She wore a silver cuff bracelet that had sharp silver spikes across the top.
“I think it looks dangerous, Jane,” he smiled looking Jane's wrist over.
Jane laughed. “Isn't in amazing?”
The waiter had returned with Jane's water and salad, a silverware setting for her wrapped in a white cotton cloth, and a glass of wine for Julian.
Jane said, “That was fast.”
The waiter smiled. He set the food and drinks on the table, and was gone as quickly as he had arrived.
Julian picked up his glass. He sipped his wine slowly, enjoying it. “Now Jane, while you eat I shall talk.”
She smiled.
“I have something to tell you. We have always been good friends, yes?”
“Yes,” She said wondering where this was going.
“For this you must have an open mind.”
Jane waited, saying nothing. She unrolled the silverware and placed the napkin on her lap. With her fingers, she took the fork out of the silverware setting. She took a bite of baby romaine lettuce, and looked at Julian.
“I am with someone, Jane.”
She stopped chewing for a second. She set her arm on the table, still holding her fork and looked directly at Julian. She stared at him shocked.
Julian said, “I never say anything to you. I don't want to upset you, Jane.”
Jane sat back against the seat, and smiled, “why would I be upset? I think it's great.” Her face was all surprise and happiness.
Julian looked down and smiled at this. “I think I should tell you. She will be at the party tomorrow night.”
“Will I get to meet her?”
“Yes,” Julian said. “She is anxious to meet you. I keep you a secret from her. She will be happy to finally meet my Jane.”
“Why didn't you tell me about her before?” Jane asked.
Julian looked around searching for the right words. “She is different, not like the people here.”
Jane speared a piece of lettuce with her fork. She ate the bite of her salad, then watched Julian, hoping he would tell her more.
Julian gathered his courage and spoke again. “What I mean to say is she is not from America. We meet in Paris, at a party there. I worry about her meeting you, interfering with our relationship here.”
Without reacting, Jane gave up on the salad for a moment, and placed her fork at an angle on her plate. She took Julian's hands in hers, and said, “Julian, I think it's great. I really do. I am happy for you. I have always wanted this for you,” she smiled. “I wondered if there was someone hidden away. You are gone so much, and I thought maybe there was someone in New York. But this is great. Really.” Jane squeezed his hands with hers. She smiled a sweet, understanding smile at Julian, then let his hands go. Again she took the fork from the plate, and resumed eating her salad.
“I am relieved, Jane,” he laughed. “I worry you will be jealous. You are so fresh, so rare.”
Jane managed to smile with her mouth full.
“Our friendship would seem odd to some, I'm sure,” Julian said.
Jane swallowed, and looked at Julian. “I don't care what people think of us. We know what we have, and that's all that matters.”
Julian continued to stare at her. “I see a fire in your eyes, tonight, Jane. Tell me what you are thinking.”
She grinned. She was thinking of Kanin, and how exciting it was that she would have the chance to spend time with him tomorrow. She sensed this was obvious to Julian. She watched him closely. There was a tiny smile on his face, but behind that facade was fear and worry. She had seen this look before, in the past, over other things. But Jane didn't bother herself with his concern. Her invitation to the party was good news, too good for Julian to ruin it.
Then Julian's stressful expression changed. He sat forward, remembering something, and said, “I will need the car Jane, for a day or two.”
She swallowed, set her fork down, then turned and grabbed her bag, digging for the car keys. Finding them, she gave the keys to Julian with a smile.
Julian took the keys and put them in his pocket. “I will drive you home after dinner,” he said.
Suddenly the waiter was standing by the table with her food. Julian smiled, calmly, as if they had been talking about the weather. She watched as the waiter took her empty salad plate, replacing it with her dinner.
“Thank you,” Jane said.
The waiter smiled politely and said, “can I get you anything else?
She smiled and shook her head.
With that, the waiter smiled, then turned to leave.
Jane put a bite of fish in her mouth. She rolled her eyes, and made a sound signaling that the found was good. “I am so hungry tonight,” she said, looking around the restaurant at the people around her. Jane enjoyed eating at this restaurant. She and Julian came here often when he was in town. The menu constantly changed, and the restaurant was a symbol of Fort Worth. Elegant cuisine, with a causal feel. She unfolded her napkin and patted her mouth with it.
Jane and Julian were old enough friends that they could sit at a table, saying nothing to each other for several minutes, and be totally comfortable and at ease doing this.
Jane ate her food quietly, going over the strange turns of events in her mind. She had a pleased look on her face, but kept it controlled. She didn't want Julian to know how excited she was. All of this talk of companions and significant others was new territory for her. She and Julian rarely talked of love interests, or sexual things.
While she ate, the waiter brought the bill, and left it with Julian. Julian took his wallet from his pants pocket, and opened it, pulling a crisp one hundred dollar bill from it. He slid the bill into the black holder, on top of the receipt. Jane watched him replace his wallet in his pocket, and drink the last of his wine.
Calmly, Jane took one last sip of her water, then looked at Julian and said, “I'm finished. Are you ready to go?”
“I am,” he said, smiling at Jane. Julian had excellent manners. Jane had often wondered if this was because he was French, or if this was just his way. He waited for her to stand first, then slowly followed her to the door, making sure to walk around her and open it for her.
“Thank you,” she said.
Julian took the keys to his gold Avalon, and hit the button to open the doors. He reached around Jane, and opened her door for her, closing it when both of her legs were safely inside. With a quiet whistle he walked around the front of the car, and opened his door. He smiled sliding into the car, and put on his seat belt. “It is so hot early this year,” he said to Jane.
Jane nodded. “You should wear something lighter weight, and without a jacket,” Jane said. “It is a casual town.”
Julian only smiled at this, but he did not look at Jane. He kept his eyes focused on the road. “I must always look presentable,” he said.
“You do,” Jane said. “You always do.”
The two of them drove to Jane's house, exchanging little conversation. Jane was starting to feel the effects of the day. It had been long and stressful. Her feet were throbbing. The first yawn came as Julian turned into her driveway. She was about to get out when Julian, leaving the car running, opened his door, and walked around to her side, opening her door.
She got out and shut her door. She hugged Julian closely and said, “I'm glad you're back.”
“As am I,” Julian said hugging her in return.
She could feel him moving his hand into his pants pocket. She let him go and watched him pull his wallet from his pants. “You will have to take a cab tomorrow,” he began, “and I want you to take this –”
“I can pay for it,” Jane interrupted.
“No,” Julian said. “I must insist. Take this for tomorrow.” Julian produced another crisp one hundred dollar bill from his wallet, and put it in Jane's hand. He rolled her hand over the money, and looked at her and said, “I shall see you tomorrow night.”
She nodded and smiled. She gave Julian another short hug, then hurried towards her front door. She waved after opening the door, and watched Julian return to his car. She smiled at him in the darkness as he drove away in the direction of his hotel.



Chapter 3
Friday morning came quickly for Jane. She woke to the sound of her alarm. Today would be a day for new things, new adventures, and it gave her energy and focus.
She made her bed, then showered. She paid extra attention to her hair and makeup. Most days, she went natural, using only a little blush and lipstick, but today she tried to accentuate her plain features. She added a tiny bit of brown eye shadow on her eyelids, lined her eyes lightly with black eye liner, and went with a darker shade of red lipstick. She felt the overall effect was attractive, but not too obvious. She closed her robe, and headed back to the kitchen. She ate a light breakfast, and finished her meal with green tea. She spent a lot of time dressing.
She would have to go to Kanin's party directly after work, and she wanted to look her best. She ran her hand over her clothes. They hung, dust free and organized in her closet. Jane finally settled on a knee length red skirt, slightly fitted, and a black silky, button up blouse. Nude hose and black heels finished her outfit. This would pass for gallery clothing and after-hours clothing. Julian's clients would be at the party, she thought. Business clothing will work.
By 10:45am she was in a taxi on her way to the gallery. She used the money Julian had given her. The gallery hours during the weekdays ran from 11am to 7pm Wednesday and Thursday, closed on Mondays and Tuesdays. However on Fridays the gallery stayed open until 8pm, and Jane knew from experience the party tonight would probably go until 10pm.
It was a bright sunny day, with a slow southern breeze. Jane felt happy as she unlocked the double glass doors to the gallery. There was much to do, and she felt ready.
The gallery had several visitors in the morning, interested in Margo's jewelry. Jane handled each piece carefully, as she showed them to potential buyers. At 2pm Jane closed the gallery for an hour, resting her feet and eating a chicken salad sandwich in her office. She kept her heels off for the entire hour to give her feet a break for the long afternoon ahead. She brushed her teeth in the bathroom, checked her makeup and prepared herself for the party.
By 3pm Jane was back to work. In a few hours the gallery would be buzzing. Jane had lined up a catering service to come at 5pm to set up a bar, and fix appetizers for patrons and friends that would arrive around 7pm to meet Margo and see her work. Jane paced the gallery up and down, talking with visitors for the next two hours.
Finally the evening started. The first to arrive were the caterers. Three men dressed in black with white aprons set up tables, lining them with crisp white linens. Rows of white and red wine glasses were lined on the tables. Plates and napkins were set out along with toothpicks, bowls of mixed nuts, and olives.
The next hour was spent with the caterers cooking. Jane could smell something good wafting around the gallery as they labored away.
Within an hour the food was ready, the white wine was chilling, and Jane was ready.
The first person to arrive was Margo.
Jane heard the doors open, and quickly found Margo in the exhibition room.
“What do you think?” Jane said grinning, walking over to Margo.
“Awesome,” Margo said, nodding her head. Then Margo looked at Jane, with an uneasy expression, and said, “I am sort of nervous.”
“Oh,” Jane said, turning to Margo, “don't be. Everyone is coming to see your creations. This is your night,” Jane said.
But Margo didn't looked convinced.
Jane stood up and relaxed her shoulders. “Wanna get a drink?” Jane smiled, eyebrows raised.
“Hell yes,” Margo said.
With a laugh, Jane led Margo to the bar, and the first bottle of wine was opened.
For much of the evening, Jane stood by Margo. Margo was an interesting creature to Jane. She was barely twenty three. She had come from money, and her mother had loaned her money in order to buy the precious metals for her jewelry, but Margo refused to live in a life of comfort. Instead she rented a rundown apartment to connect with the elements, as she put it. When Jane first met Margo, Margo had long, dirty dredlocks. Within the last month Margo had cut her hair short, and wore it spiked in places. It was dyed a maroon shade of red that reminded Jane of wine. Margo wore heavy black eye liner, dark red lipstick and little else in the way of makeup. Margo didn't want to be seen as too feminine. She wished for her work to speak for itself, so she dressed in street clothes, and wore ratty tennis shoes with holes in them. Margo was pierced everywhere that people got pierced nowadays. She had several studs running the length of both ears. Her nose was also adorned with a diamond stud. Jane wondered if it was real. Margo had a hoop on her lip and right eyebrow, a stud through her tongue, and Jane had not seen it for herself, but Margo claimed to have one in her belly button. Jane had no problem believing Margo there. Jane also wondered if Margo had any piercings south of the border, but did not ask, and Margo didn't volunteer this information. Jane chalked it up to a phase Margo was going through to find herself.
Margo turned to Jane and said, “it is so cool of you to wear my pin.”
Jane smiled, pleased, and felt the pin on her blouse. “I love it. What did you call it again?”
“A star bursting apart,” Margo said.
Jane nodded, “right,” she said.
To Jane this gold creation looked like the sun. Jane wore it high on the right side of her blouse. It was round with symmetrical points all the way around the circumference of the disc.
Soon Jane was very happy with the turnout. Two people had already purchased Margo's jewelry, and the gallery had made over two thousand dollars in an hour. Margo's creations were not cheap, nor were they plain. What sold the best were her bracelets. Each one was unique and weighty.
A pair of older ladies had pulled Jane away from Margo, wanting her to show them some of Margo's earrings. Jane led them to the jewelry cases.
Jane was bending down, pointing to a piece of jewelry she thought the ladies might like, when she felt a presence behind her. She stood up and turned. She instantly forgot what she was saying to the visitors as the handsome face of Kanin looked down at her.
“Hello,” she said.
“Jane,” Kanin said, looming close to her.
Jane looked at the ladies and blushed. The two ladies looked Kanin up and down, then turned to each other whispering something Jane couldn't hear. This was making her nervous. She began to fidget with her nails. Without looking at Kanin she moved away from him, and walked behind the jewelry cabinet. “Did you want to see the earrings?” Jane asked, looking at the women.
The women stopped whispering, and smiled, nodding to Jane. Jane slid the case open and pulled an earring stand out. The earrings were large steel balls, with gold applique laid over a small section of each earring. She set the stand on a piece of red velvet left on the counter for showing jewelry.
Jane bit the inside of her lip. She could feel Kanin's intense stare boring a hole into her, but she kept herself from looking. This was accomplished by her grinding her heel on the top of her other foot. Jane was at work. This evening was important, and she had to remain professional the entire time, sexy man present or not.
The ladies looked the earrings over. Both of them felt the earrings. They set the earrings down, and almost in unison said, “a little heavy.”
This didn't put Jane off a bit. With a smile, she watched the ladies hobble off into the room, glancing at Kanin as they departed. When they were gone, Jane carefully replaced the earrings inside the cabinet. She slid the door closed, then stood up. She could still feel Kanin standing there, staring at her. She took a deep breath, and looked at him. “How are you?” she asked.
“Better now,” he said with a smile, happy to be noticed by Jane.
“Can I show you something of Margo's?”
Kanin looked down, and around, letting his eyes run over the sparkling jewelry in the case. Then he lifted his head a little. Without warning he raised his hand and reached across the case, touching the pin on Jane's blouse. Jane's smile disappeared, replaced with sudden nervousness. So far he had not touched her this evening, but with this movement, the invisible line had been breeched, and now he was touching her.
Jane could feel the beginnings of the warm feeling. She had to stay focused. She backed up slightly, and looked him in the face.
“What is that?” he asked, his eyes focused on the pin.
“It's a pin,” she stammered. Calm down, she told herself. “From the show tonight. Margo, the artist, over there,” she said pointing at Margo, “said it was a star bursting apart, but it looks like a sun to me.”
Kanin pulled his hand away. He looked up at Jane, and said, “do you like the sun, Jane?”
Jane looked around the room confused, thinking who doesn't like the sun? “Sure,” she said. “The sun is warm and sparks creativity. You know – daytime feelings.”
Kanin leaned down, letting his arms rest on the glass case. He moved closer to Jane, and was now face to face with her. If anyone else had done this Jane would have asked them to move their arms, but she said nothing to Kanin. “And what about night? Do you like the night, and the moon?”
“Of course,” Jane said in a serious tone. “The night is the perfect balance to the day. Dark and quiet. A time for secrets.”
Jane felt in control for a moment. She watched, pleased with herself as a large, playful grin spread across his mouth. It seemed this was just the answer he was looking for.
Jane and Kanin shared a long look, until Jane noticed Margo waving at her, motioning her to come over.
“Excuse me,” Jane said, smiling at Kanin. She moved out from behind the jewelry case, and headed over to Margo. Jane sighed, glad to have a distraction. She suddenly found herself in Margo's shoes, happy to have someone by her side all night, if need be.
“Julian's here,” Margo was saying.
Jane looked around, anxious to see him. She glanced at her watch. It was now 10:10pm. Jane could not find him in the room, but she could hear his French accent cutting through the Texas drawl banter. Many of the visitors had left, and the gallery was down to about ten people. Julian was walking through the gallery with an older woman on his arm, smiling and being his charming self.
Jane was worried Julian might be angry to see Kanin here. She looked back in his direction, but he had vanished. Jane stood stunned. She searched the room confused, but quickly shook it off, and smiled at Julian and the woman as they approached. Julian was very close to her and already had his arms out to hug her.
“Jane, bonjour,” he smiled, and hugged her. “I would like to re-introduce Mrs. Silverton.”
Jane smiled at Mrs. Silverton and shook her hand. Mrs. Silverton was one of the best clients she and Julian had. “Of course, Gail, how are you?”
Mrs. Silverton smiled back. She looked like old money stuffed in an evening gown. Pearl earrings and a pearl necklace hugged her face. Jane noticed her diamond crusted watch as she shook Mrs. Silverton's hand.
“A pleasure,” Mrs. Silverton said.
Jane said, “Gail, I would like to introduce the artist, Margo Rose.”
Margo and Gail Silverton shook hands and smiled at each other. Jane thought it was a strange pairing of high class, sophistication and taste meets worn, urban and radical, and they had been brought together for their love of art. Jane smiled at this odd union, pleased with the entire evening.
Julian said, “Jane, I have been showing Gail around the gallery. She is very interested in seeing Margo's artwork.”
Jane smiled. “Wonderful,” she said beaming.
“Julian speaks very highly of you,” Mrs. Silverton said. “He has been going on and on.”
Jane's smile widened. She smiled at Gail, and then at Margo. “Well I couldn't have done any of it without Margo,” Jane said. “Have you seen her pieces, Gail?”
“No, not yet,” Mrs. Silverton said.
Jane looked at Margo. “She explains the pieces better than I,” Jane said.
Gail turned back to Margo and said, “Please show me the jewelry, and tell me the inspiration behind them.”
Margo quickly corrected Gail and referred to it as wearable art, and led Gail away from Julian and Jane. They smiled, waiting for a sizable distance between them and Margo before they spoke. When the two ladies were across the room, Jane leaned over and whispered in Julian's ear, “He's here.” She looked at Julian, and raised her eyebrows.
“Where?” Julian asked.
“I don't know. He was in this room a minute ago.”
“Let me go,” Julian said, briefly touching Jane's arm.
Jane watched Julian leave the room. She was glad he didn't seem upset by Kanin's presence near her tonight. She smiled, and mingled with the few remaining guests. She walked out of the exhibition room, and over to the bar area by the front of the gallery. Every few minutes she would look around the gallery, but could see neither Julian or Kanin. Jane scoured the buffet table, and quickly ate several bite size quiches. She ate a piece of cheese, and a handful of nuts. Where is he? she thought. I hope he didn't leave.
Several minutes passed. Jane turned. She could hear Julian's voice coming from the direction of the small room where her paintings hung. She dusted her hands over a napkin, and took a quick sip of white wine. Then she began to walk forwards toward Julian.
Julian strode toward her quickly, and with purpose. Jane smiled and leaned in as he spoke.
“It is all settled,” he said.
“What is?” Jane asked.
“Kanin would like to drive you to his party. I will stay and finish with Margo and Gail, and then I will meet you at his house in an hour or so.”
Jane looked at Julian surprised. “I thought we were going together!”
Julian shook his head. “He is ready now.”
“Are you sure, Julian?”
“Yes,” he said. Julian raised his hand, running it through his hair, and smiled at Jane. Jane could tell he was feeling bolder tonight. Perhaps it was the wine, or the success of the show. Something was affecting him, and he no longer seemed concerned about Kanin being near Jane.
“He is outside, waiting for you,” Julian said quietly.
Jane turned her head around and looked at the glass doors.
“Everything will be fine, Jane. I will make an excuse to Margo. Oh, and Jane,” he said, putting his hands on her arms, “this was wonderful tonight, the show. I am proud of you.”
Jane smiled. She didn't know what to say. She felt elated and pleased. She looked at Julian one more time, unsure if this was a good idea. She wanted to go, but she had a job to do, and didn't want to let Julian down. But Julian's face was strong, his resolve solid, and after his last comment, she was beginning to bend.
“Go,” Julian said, motioning with his head.
Jane smiled and walked away. She quickly located Margo, and hugged her, congratulating her on the success of the evening. She could tell Margo was happy about about everything. Jane had already paid the caterers, and she knew Julian could handle the rest. She walked slowly, to her office in the back, and took her purse from a drawer. She headed for the bathroom. She opened the door, and went inside. Jane walked up to the granite sink and looked up at herself in the mirror. She leaned her head down slightly, and set her bag on the counter. Jane examined herself for a long time.
She eyed her waist and turned to the side. Jane was still happy with what she had worn. She smiled at the mirror then brushed her teeth. Jane tried not to smile at the anxious tension growing within her. She patted her clothes down, then turned to see her bottom. With a quick hand through her hair, Jane took her purse, and left the bathroom. Then she returned to the gallery floor.
Jane said her goodbyes, kissed cheeks and shook the hand of Mrs. Silverton. She exited through the glass doors, and looked around. There on her right was Kanin. He was leaning against a long, dark black car with his arms crossed and his legs crossed. Jane approached him slowly, not wanting to hurry or seem anxious.
Again Jane bit the inside of her lip. She was nervous. Kanin was staring his same intense stare at her, smiling, as if he knew something she didn't.
Jane said, “You disappeared.”
“There was something I had to do,” he said.
Jane wondered at this. She figured he had gone back to look at her painting, and that was where Julian had found him.
“Is this you?” she asked, pointing at his car.
“Yes. What do you think?” he asked.
Jane watched Kanin stand up and move away from the car. She had no idea what kind of car it was, just that it looked expensive.
“Nice. What kind of car is it?”
“A Mercedes,” Kanin said.
“Oh, it's great,” Jane said, struggling. For Jane, name recognition didn't mean much. That was a Reed quality. They had always looked for logos. Jane didn't wear designer clothes, or carry purses with logos. She looked the car up and down, then looked back at Kanin smiling at him.
“Want to drive it?” he asked.
Jane stared surprised. “No,” she said, eyes wide. “I think that would be too much pressure.”
“What do you mean?” Kanin asked.
Jane laughed. “Well, no offense, but you staring at me, and me trying not to wreck your car while I drive it. I don't know if I can handle that.”
Kanin laughed heartily at this.
Jane giggled at herself.
Kanin looked over at her, and smiled. He said, “you are very direct. I like that about you.”
Jane grinned.
There was a short silence. A silence packed with flirty tension and hungry looks. Jane was shifting on her feet, nervous again.
“I promise I won't stare at you,” he said suddenly serious.
Jane looked at him, not sure if she could believe him. Then she looked over at the car.
The little voice said, “this is a bad idea. Wait for Julian.”
Jane ignored the voice. She took a deep breath, and looked the car over. “Okay,” she said, sing-songy. She walked around to the driver's side, and opened the door. Kanin was already bending down and getting into the car. Jane was staring at her purse, trying to figure out what to do with it. She turned it over in her hands. She didn't want to ask him to hold it for her, so she had the brilliant idea to put it in the backseat. She closed the front door, and backed up towards the second door, and pulled the handle. She moved out of the way giving the door room to open, and leaned down, about to toss her purse on the seat. Something made her stop.
There was her painting resting on the backseat of the car. She stared at it in disbelief for several seconds. This must have been what kept him busy in the gallery, she thought. Jane felt a feeling coming over her, but it wasn't the warm feeling. This feeling registered deeper, and had an aching effect on her. She turned her head, and looked at the front seat. But it was empty. “I thought he was inside,” she whispered to herself. Jane stood up surprised. Without making a sound, he had gotten out of the car, and was looking across the roof at her. As usual, he had a knowing smile for her.
At this moment Jane didn't know what she felt. For him to purchase something she made twisted her stomach. The only other man who had ever noticed her artwork was Julian. Jane felt strange. She wasn't happy or sad, just perplexed. Part of her thought Kanin was amazing. That this might be the beginning of love. Another part of her thought he was trying too hard. Perhaps this was a ploy to get her into bed. Jane didn't play games anymore. That was for twenty somethings. She looked at him and said, “what made you buy it now, after all this time?”
Kanin thought on this for a minute. “I couldn't stand the thought of someone else having it.”
Jane was speechless. She let her eyes stay on his face for a moment. She could feel a lump in her throat, but absolutely did not want to cry tonight. The evening had already been slightly emotional with the show, and Julian's praise. Jane was tired. It was late for her. This was all contributing to the overwhelming feeling of acceptance she felt.
With a weak smile she bent down, and put her purse on the floor. Without looking up, she closed the door, and opened the drivers side door again. She bent down, and slid into his car. Jane looked around. Not only had this man bought her picture, but he came to the gallery for her, and now he was trusting her with his car. Jane thought it was too much.
She glanced to her right, and peeked at Kanin. He was already inside waiting for her.
She lifted her head, and turned towards him slightly, so that he could see her profile only. If she had looked at him, she might have lost her composure, and she wanted to stay calm and rational. “Thanks,” she said, “that means a lot to me.”
Kanin said nothing. He didn't need to.
Jane could feel his eyes on her moving up and down her body. She cleared her throat, and looked back at the dashboard, scanning the buttons and gearshift, trying to familiarize herself with the car. Anything to keep from looking at him at this moment, and anything to help her stay calm. “You still want me to drive?” she said.
Kanin lifted his hand, the keys dangling from his fingers.
Jane had to look at him this time. She turned, smiled, and put her arm out. She held up her opened palm.
Never taking his eyes off her, Kanin lowered the keys into her hand, wrapping her fingers around them.
His hand was cool, but Jane could feel the warm feeling returning from his touch. Sitting this close to him gave her the urge to kiss him, but for now she had to focus. She quickly looked away from him. With a deep breath she singled out the car key between her fingers, then held it up in the air. She addressed it, saying, “now, where do You go?”



Chapter 4
Jane felt like an idiot. The warm feeling was ebbing and she couldn’t figure out how to start the car. She looked to the right of the steering wheel and could not see a place for the key. Maybe it's a smart key thing, she thought.
“It's on the left,” Kanin said.
“Oh.” Jane looked to the left of the steering wheel and immediately saw the place for the key. “I was going to look there next,” she lied, trying to cover quickly. She inserted the key, and turned it. The car began to purr.
Jane smiled and looked at Kanin. “Where are we going?”
“Make a u-turn, and head west, down this street.”
Jane did as she was told. When both lanes were clear, she turned the car around, and slowly headed in the other direction. Jane felt silly. She couldn't believe she was not only with the strange man from the gallery, but now she was driving his car. “How far is your house?” she asked.
“About forty minutes away,” he said.
“That's pretty far.” Jane glanced over at him. He was looking at her legs. With several short glances between him and the road she watched as his eyes progressed up to her face. She said, “I thought you weren't going to stare at me.”
Kanin smiled, then groaned as if this were asking to much, and sat back in his seat with his head forward.
Jane glanced at him again. He had a sly grin on his face. She chuckled and thought, change the subject. “How long have you known Julian?”
Kanin thought about this. “It's getting close to seven years now,” he said.
Jane's mouth fell open.
Kanin looked over at Jane. “What?” he asked.
“Nothing.” Jane looked back at the road. She stopped at a red light. “It's just that he never mentioned you, or anyone else,” she said. “I didn't realize he had clients here. I thought they were north, and overseas.”
“I believe most of them are. I am the rare exception,” Kanin said, looking at Jane.
Jane smiled feeling his eyes on her face. His constantly looking at her made her nervous. She looked forward, and pressed the gas lightly as the light changed to green.
“Sorry,” he said looking forward.
Jane squeezed the wheel, and shifted in her seat. All this attention was like a drug, and she was feeling very good about herself at the moment.
“Turn left up here,” he said pointing. “We cross the Trinity River.”
“Here?” Jane asked.
“Yes,” Kanin said.
Jane made a left at the light. She was rubbing her lips together trying to think of something to say. She glanced at the dashboard. It was all lit up. “What kind of music do you like?” she asked.
“All kinds. How about you?”
Jane thought on this for a minute. “Depends what I'm in the mood for. I like eighties music.”
Kanin laughed a low laugh at this.
“What, you don't like eighties music?”
“The eighties were interesting,” he said.
Jane agreed with this. “I also like dance music, anything with a good beat. And sometimes I like to listen to classical music.”
“Do you like to dance?” Kanin asked, glancing at her.
“No, not really.”
“I bet you are a good dancer,” he said.
Jane shrugged her shoulders. “Sam says I am.”
Kanin turned and looked at Jane, with a serious look on his face. “Is Sam your boyfriend?”
“No,” Jane said. “Short for Samantha.”
“Good,” he said smiling. He returned his eyes to the road. Jane noticed he was at ease again.
“Samantha is a girl I met in college. We were roommates for two years, then she moved to an apartment, but we stayed friends. She ended up in Dallas, and I moved here. We see each other once in awhile.”
Kanin said, “what does she do? Is she a painter like you?”
Jane shook her head. “No. She's married. Has two kids, and a dog. You know, the perfect life.”
Kanin looked at Jane. “Is that something you want one day?”
“A dog?” Jane said playfully, with a large grin.
Kanin smirked at her.
“No, that's not what I want. I mean I want to get married someday, and find 'the one,' but I don't see myself raising kids.”
This comment seemed to put Kanin's mind to work.
“How about you?” Jane asked.
Kanin looked back at the road. Jane glanced at him. He seemed to be lost in thought. “There was a time I wanted children, but I don't anymore.”
“Why?” Jane asked curiously.
“I'm older. My priorities are different now.”
“How old are you?”
Kanin looked up, and around as if he didn't know how to answer this question. “I'm thirty seven.”
Jane nodded.
“Will you tell me how old you are?”
“Thirty five,” she said.
Jane was about to ask him why his priorities would keep him from having children, but he was suddenly telling her to turn left. Jane waited for a line of cars to pass, then made a left turn onto a long, straight road with no streetlamps.
She looked up at the sky. It was a clear, pleasant night. Jane saw no planes, just stars and the moon. Normally by this time Jane would have been yawning and getting into bed, but being next to Kanin had her alert and awake.
“We're about half way there,” he said, looking at Jane.
Jane looked around. She was not familiar with this area of Fort Worth. The city was behind them, and now they were on the outskirts of town, heading away from it all. Jane rubbed her lips together and remembered how deer sometimes walk out on the road at night. She slowed down to forty five, and kept her eyes on the road. “Do you ever see deer out here, on the road?”
“Once in awhile,” he said letting his eyes linger on her. “You look nice tonight, Jane,” Kanin said, putting his hand on the back of her seat.
Jane smiled nervously. “Thanks. So do you,” she said taking a peek at him.
Kanin was breaking the rule now, deliberately. Jane could feel his eyes on her, moving over her. She struggled to stay calm in the car, and focus on the road. She bit the inside of her lip, then relaxed when he finally looked away from her, and back to the road.
“It's right up here,” he said, pointing.
Jane leaned forward and squinted in the darkness. She hadn't seen another car's headlights for miles, and couldn't see where he was pointing to. It was dark and the sides of the road were covered in brush. Suddenly there was a break in the trees. Jane slowed down. She made a sharp right, and found herself in front of a black gate. In the distance, behind the gate rose a large house.
“Pull up to the intercom,” Kanin said pointing.
Jane looked to her left. It took her a moment in the darkness, but she finally found a white box sitting on top of a pole in the brush. Spying the box she drove forward, and looked at the armrest on the car door trying to figure out how to roll the window down.
Kanin was already leaning over her, his face dangerously close to hers. Jane swallowed and sat back. When he was close, there was something about him. She could feel it. It was his sexual energy that mingled with her fear, but in a good way. Her heart beat faster.
He pushed a button, and the window rolled down. “Push the white button there,” he said quietly.
She could feel his breath on her face. Without looking at him she leaned her arm out of the open window and pushed the button. Jane waited, wondering what would happen next.
A cheerful voice came alive over the speaker. “Hello?”
“It's me,” he said loudly.
There was no response. Jane wondered if the girl would speak again. She looked down at the ground. There was no answer. She looked back at Kanin. He was still leaning over her. He waited until her eyes met his, then slowly drew back letting his hand run over her legs, as he sat back in his seat. Jane was flushing. She felt hot. She looked at him. He was looking forward, sitting back in his seat, his face concentrated on something. Suddenly the black gate began to roll sideways. Kanin took up her look and said, “We can go now.”
Jane let out a breath, and waited for her pulse to slow down.
She moved her eyes back to the dashboard, put her hands on the wheel, took her foot off the brake, and pushed slowly on the gas. She found herself driving forward, past quite an expanse of green grass that sat in the middle of a curved driveway. She made the soft curve, and stopped.
She noticed lots of expensive cars parked around the driveway. She looked at him and said, “should I stop here?”
“This is perfect,” he said. He was already opening his door. Jane put her hand on the gearshift and put it in park. With her left hand she turned the key, and shut the car off. Kanin was opening the door for her. He put his hand down, and waited. Be calm, she told herself. Jane took his hand, and stood up.
When Jane was out of the way, he closed the door.
Jane walked to the door of the backseat and opened it, and took her purse from the floor. “What about the painting?” she said.
“Valerie will get it,” Kanin said.
“Valerie? Is that your girlfriend?” she asked handing Kanin his car keys.
He smiled at this, and took the keys from Jane. He put them in his pocket and said, “she's a friend, and nothing more.”
Jane nodded, but she didn't believe him. A man like him would no doubt have many women after him. She knew he didn't have to settle for her, and she couldn't figure out why he had at the moment. But Jane wanted this. She wanted to see where this would lead, and more importantly she wanted more of the warm feeling he gave her. Her life was boring, and being with him was anything but.
They began to walk forward. Jane was nervous about going inside his house. She suddenly realized she wouldn't know anyone, and she didn't see Julian's car. She looked up at the house, taking it all in.
The house seemed alive. Lights lit up every window on the front of the house. Jane could hear distant laughter coming from inside. Even though it was dark she could tell the house was probably no more than ten years old. It was solid white brick, with an expensive wood carved front door. The term McMansion popped into her mind. There were several lights illuminating heavily groomed landscaping on both the right and left sides of the house. Floodlights lined the top of the house, and shone down illuminating the ground below, casting bizarre shadows on the grass. The house itself was calm and inviting.
Jane took a deep breath, held it for a second, then let it out.
“Something wrong?” Kanin asked.
“No, I just hope I wore the right thing.”
He walked around Jane, running his eyes up and down her. “You look perfect,” he said.
She smiled for his benefit, but wasn't so sure.
Without a word he took her hand in his, folding his fingers around hers. This surprised her. She smiled but didn't look up. His physical frankness made her heart hammer. He took what he wanted. Together they walked towards the front door.
His hand was cool. It was strange that he was always so cool, yet gave her such a warm feeling. She held his hand lightly as they traversed the gravel path which wasn't easy with her wearing heels. She looked up in time to see the door opening on its own. Jane let go of his hand. A woman was in the doorway. As they got closer she could see the woman was young, and very pretty. Jane looked her over. The girl in the doorway couldn't have been more than twenty five.
“Jane!” she said with a hug. “I'm glad you came. I'm Valerie.”
This must be the girl from the speaker, she thought. “Thank you,” she said. She hugged the strange woman back lightly.
“Come in, come in,” Valerie said.
Jane stepped in through the doorway. Kanin followed behind her. They entered into a hall, and the noise from the house was suddenly much louder. Jane looked up and around. So far she could not see any party goers, she could only hear their loud, excited voices coming from another room.
“Are there many people here tonight?” Kanin asked Valerie.
Jane turned and glanced at him.
“Yes,” she said, her voice filled with enthusiasm. Valerie looked at Jane.
Jane grinned and pretended to be excited, not wanting to show how nervous she was.
“We match,” Valerie observed.
Jane laughed lightly. “We do.”
They matched in the fact that both of them were dressed in black and red. Jane was dressed in business clothing. Valerie, a knock out blonde with blue eyes, long wavy hair, wore a skin tight dress that left her back completely exposed. Valerie looked stunning to Jane. Jane suddenly wished she had taken the time to go home and change clothes, but it was too late now.
“Take my hand, Jane,” Valerie said.
Jane hesitated, then complied. Valerie led her down the hall, and away from Kanin. She had to hustle to keep up. She looked back at Kanin, wondering if this was okay. He was smiling at her, so she followed Valerie through the house.
Jane looked down and noticed Valerie had a strange mark on her hand. As though she had been burned with something. She looked up to see Valerie quickly glance and smile in her direction.
Jane smiled and did not look at Valerie's hand again. Instead she looked around the house. The first thing she noticed was a dining room on the left. The room had no artwork on the walls, and was bare except for a large, mahogany dining room table, with chairs scattered around it. This room held no guests. Futher along the hall she saw a short path. For a second Jane paused, causing Valerie to stop and look back. She smiled, and peeked down this path. The majority of the noise was coming from this room. But Valerie was leading her in a straight line again. Jane followed Valerie, looking around curiously as they made their way into a large, upgraded kitchen. It was now that Valerie finally let go of Jane's hand.
“Can I get you something to drink?” Valerie asked, turning to Jane.
Jane looked around the kitchen. On the island were several steel goblets filled with some kind of red liquid. Jane thought the drinks looked strange.
The little voice said, “Don't drink it.”
“Just water, thanks,” Jane said.
“Coming up.” Jane watched Valerie get a glass from a cupboard above. Valerie set it down on the island, and opened a large, stainless steel refrigerator. With a quick movement, she had grabbed a bottle of spring water, and opened it. Jane was about to protest, saying she could have tap water, but Valerie was so fast, she gave up and said nothing.
Valerie put the bottle down, and handed Jane the glass with a smile. “Do you want something to eat?”
“No,” Jane said, swallowing. “I'm fine.”
Valerie leaned against the sink. She smiled faintly with a look that made Jane think she was busy in thought, recalling a memory or person.
Jane asked, “do you mind if I ask how you know my name?”
Valerie looked at Jane, surprised. “Oh,” she started. “Kanin said you might come tonight. He told me he asked Julian to invite you.”
“You know Julian?” Jane asked.
“Sure,” she shrugged. “Everyone does.”
Jane sipped her water, and looked around. How about that, Jane thought, you know him, and I don't know any of you.
Valerie smiled and said, “So how do you like Kanin?”
“He's nice,” Jane struggled. “I really don't know him very well. We have only spoken a few times before tonight.”
Valerie grinned. “Jane, will you come with me? I want you to meet someone.”
Jane looked back at Valerie. “Sure. Do you know if Julian is here yet?”
Valerie picked up the bottle of water, and drank the last little bit of it. “I haven't seen him. I don't think he's arrived. But I know he will be here,” she said with a provacative smile.
Jane returned her smile, not sure what she meant by this.
“Don't worry, Jane,” Valerie said, smiling and leaning in close. “You're with me, and I know everyone.”
“Great.” Jane smiled at Valerie.
Once again, Valerie took Jane by the hand and slowly led her out of the kitchen. They walked the distance to the hall, but this time took a left turn. Valerie led her in the direction of the noise. Jane found herself in a large, square, open room. A few chairs were placed against walls. The occasional dresser or couch stand was placed between the the chairs, and Jane saw cups identical to the ones in the kitchen, sitting around the room. She thought it odd that with so many guests jammed in the house, there was so little furniture. Most of the people in the room were standing, or leaning against walls.
As Jane entered the room she suddenly felt very warm and very dizzy, as if she were suffering from a delayed drug reaction. This was the feeling Kanin gave her, but tonight the feeling was stronger. She let go of Valerie's hand, and put her hand to her brow, closing her eyes for a moment. Breathing deeply helped. When the feeling passed, she looked up in time to see that most of the guests had turned to look at her. She was suddenly alert again, aware. Embarrassed as the assembly looked her over.
Across the room she saw Kanin. She watched him move from one person to the next saying something to them. This would cause one of them to look back at Jane, and it made her nervous and self-conscious. Maybe I should go, she thought. She was used to parties, but on her own turf, and with people she knew. Tonight, she knew no one except for Kanin.
Valerie took hold of Jane's hand, and again led her through the room.
Jane was surprised by the people at the house. It was a curious mixture of old and young. The young were beautiful in an otherworldly way like Kanin. Except for Valerie. Jane did not get this feeling from Valerie. As she passed by, the young ones would look longingly at her, staring at her with an intensity that made her uncomfortable to say the least. The older guests never noticed her it seemed, as they were absorbed by the young jewels around them.
Jane was surprised when Valerie suddenly stopped. She almost spilled her water. Jane turned to see what was happening. To the right of Valerie stood a man, tall and imposing. His face was pale, expressionless, and hard, like a sculpture. His features were sharp, almost severe. He had white-blonde hair and blue eyes, and a stare that Jane could feel on her. The man's intimidating presence reminded her of Kanin.
Jane could do nothing but stare in return. She had never felt someone's presence so strongly in her life. The man took his eyes from her, and shifted his gaze to Valerie as his serious expression turned into a naughty smile. As the man's eyes touched Valerie she came alive. He leaned down and kissed her with a dirtiness that embarrassed Jane, running his hands up and down Valerie's exposed back, and over her ass. What kind of party is this? Jane thought. Valerie gently let go of Jane's hand, and wrapped it around the man's neck. Jane looked away, and pretended not to notice them. She panned the room looking for Kanin, but he had disappeared. Not again, she thought. She sipped the water in her hands. The glass was getting heavy. Jane turned back to Valerie and smiled. Valerie had stopped kissing the large man, and was looking at her.
Valerie did not seem embarrassed or sorry for the passionate encounter, nor did she remove her hand from his neck. She simply said, “Jane, this is Ivan.”
Ivan looked at Jane, but said nothing. His smile said enough.
Jane felt herself blush. “Hello,” she replied.
Ivan laughed a low, wicked laugh. “So you are the one he wants,” he said. He had a thick Russian accent.
Jane opened her eyes wide. “Excuse me?” She looked between Valerie and Ivan, confused. Valerie was staring at Ivan, shooting him daggers. Ivan didn't seem to care. He continued to smile at Jane. All of it was was just amusing to him.
Valerie turned back to Jane and smiled, flinging her hand in the air. “Don't listen to him, he's drunk.”
Jane looked back at Ivan. He didn't appear drunk to her, and he wasn't holding a glass.
Ivan stared down at Jane with a cat-ate-the-canary-look.
Jane didn't know what to say at this point. She had learned in her life at moments like these it was easier to hold your tongue and move on.
“Jane,” Valerie was saying, “what is that, on your blouse?”
She looked down. She had forgotten it was still there. “It's a pin. A piece of art from the show tonight. It's called a star burst.”
“Oh, that's right. You work at a gallery,” Valerie said.
Jane nodded. “That's right.”
“It's really pretty,” Valerie said.
“Thanks,” Jane said. She couldn't help but like Valerie. Valerie seemed sweet enough. Jane couldn't figure out why she had wanted her to meet this jerk.
Jane looked back to see Ivan smiling a smug smile at her. This was starting to piss her off. Do you leave manners in the city as well? she thought, returning Ivan's stare. She shifted her eyes to Valerie. “Valerie, is there a bathroom?”
“Sure, let me show you.”
Valerie turned back to Ivan, and caressed his face. Jane looked away, but she heard Valerie whisper, “Be right back,” to him. When Valerie had moved away from Ivan, Jane turned back to him, and gave Ivan a long look as the two headed back towards the short hall. In her lifetime Jane had dealt with rude people and rough manners. She had survived worse, and she could survive him.
Valerie again took Jane's hand, and led her through the crowd. Jane made it a point to keep her head down not make eye contact with the young beings.
Jane soon found herself back in the kitchen. Valerie had let go of her hand. She set her glass of water on the island, then caught up to Valerie, who was rounding a corner through a doorway. They briefly passed through an office with a desk, and chair, and bookshelves groaning with books.
“Here it is,” Valerie said.
Jane leaned around Valerie and looked at the half bathroom. It was a typical guest bathroom. White pedestal sink, toilet, mirror over the sink. There was gold wall paper on the wall, and the room smelled of cinnamon. Jane walked past Valerie and started to close the door. “Thanks,” she said.
“If you want to come find me when you're done that would be great.”
Jane nodded. “Okay.”
Valerie smiled and left.
Jane closed the door and locked it. She turned around and laid her back against the door and sighed, “Hurry up, Julian.” She walked forward and looked at herself in the mirror. She checked her makeup, ran her hand through her hair. Kanin was nice, the house was nice, it was just the guests that were a problem. Jane turned around and leaned against the sink. She looked down at the tile, and started to think of the show tonight. She laughed, thinking of Margo and Mrs. Silverton. What a pair they were. And then she thought of Kanin. Standing behind her so quietly as she talked about the art. She sighed. This reverie was making her feel better.
“Jane?”
Her thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door. She stood up, being very still and silent, hoping they would go away. The voice came again.
“Are you in there?”
It wasn't Valerie. The voice was deeper. Jane held her breath and didn't answer.
“It's Kanin. Are you okay?”
Jane relaxed. “Yes,” she said quietly.
“Sorry I left you with Valerie for so long. I had to talk to some people.”
Jane said nothing.
“I'm not going to have to come in and get you, am I?”
Jane laughed at this. A smile returned to her face. “No,” she said. She walked forward and opened the door. Kanin was waiting for her, smiling. He had his hands in his pockets. He stepped back a few feet, giving her room to come out.
“Everything all right?” he asked.
“Yes, everything is fine,” she said.
“I thought you might want to know that Julian is here.”
Jane perked up at this news. “He is? Where?”
“He's mingling. In the other room.”
“Got it,” Jane said. With a smile Jane walked past Kanin. She made her way through the kitchen, towards the short hallway. Kanin was right behind her, keeping her pace.
As Jane re-entered the room she thought it was odd to see that the crowd had formed into a loose circle. Jane could hear Juilan's voice. Finally, she thought. His voice was coming from the middle of the room it seemed. Jane made her way through the crowd making little eye contact with anyone. This was easy for her with Kanin next to her. She thought it odd that with one glance from him the guests moved out her way.
As Jane approached the center, she smiled. She could hear Julian's charming voice saying he was sorry for being late. She laughed to herself, and held her tongue. She enjoyed watching him. Julian was very charming. He could be at ease anywhere, and people loved to hear him speak. Jane noticed a few people in the room conversing with him in French. She looked around at the guests, amazed. What a strange party, she thought.
Jane was still smiling when she noticed Julian's hand move up. She thought it was odd for a moment, not being able to see what he was doing. Then the crowd shifted a little and her smile disappeared. Julian had his hand on someone's back. A woman. Julian turned. He smiled very pleased to see Jane standing there. With his arms open he walked the short distance across the room to Jane. Jane's smile returned as she hugged him closely.
“Bonjour,” Julian said.
“Bonjour,” Jane said in return.
Julian looked above her head and smiled. She glanced backwards. Behind her stood Kanin, and next to him stood the imposing figure of Ivan. He stood right next to Kanin, like an anchor, with his massive arms crossed, his face expressionless like stone. Jane glanced at Kanin. He smiled down at Julian and said hello.
“Kanin,” Julian said to him.
Jane frowned and turned back. Why is Ivan standing there? she thought. But she didn't have time for such thoughts. A woman was closing in on their tight circle. As the woman drew near, Jane noticed the crowd was dispersing in an odd manner. Many of the beautiful guests moved behind her, behind Kanin. Jane glanced backwards. The lovely beings had fanned out. They stood silent, staring at this woman in front of Jane. The volume in the room subsided. Jane turned around. Only three of the lovely beings stood behind this woman and Julian. Are they taking sides? she thought. For the first time this evening she found herself talking quietly in the crowded room.
“When did you get here?”
“Just now,” Julian said pleasantly.
“Everything go all right at the gallery?”
“Oui,” he said.
Jane looked around nervously. The woman was standing next to Julian now. She laid her hand on his shoulder, comfortably, making it obvious that she knew him.
Jane got a strange feeling from this woman. Her persona was strong and commanding like Kanin's and Ivan's, but somehow darker and cold. Jane tried her best not to stare. This woman was her complete opposite. Her ears, neck, wrists and fingers were adorned with large, precious stones. She had long, straight black hair that hung past her waist. She had dark brown eyes, a soft, pale, feminine face, a narrow nose, and full, red lips. She was incredibly beautiful, and apparently aware of it, for she had herself stuffed in a dress that Jane didn't think could be any tighter. The dress was one piece and black. It hung low, almost to the floor. There were ruffles around the waist, and the woman breasts were shoved up and out, the first thing anyone would notice when looking at her. Jane guessed she was around forty five.
The mystery woman looked at Julian and smiled. Julian returned her smile with great enthusiasm. Then he looked back at Jane.
“Jane, I would like you to meet, Sophie Magdalene.”
Jane shifted her eyes to Sophie and smiled. She forgot about the feeling and the guests strange behavior, and smiled, honesty pleased to meet the woman Julian was with. “Bonjour,” she said.
Sophie looked Jane over appraising, her eyebrows raised. A frightening smile transformed her placid face. In a condescending tone she said, “how sweet. This is your Jane?” she asked looking at Julian.
Julian nodded, staring at Sophie in an inappropriate way. Sophie looked back at Jane. “She is so cute, like a little doll.”
Jane held back a frown. She wasn't sure how to take this comment. She thought for a moment that Sophie, being a foreigner had confused her words. But Jane was determined to be kind. This was Julian's friend, and she did not want to upset Julian in any way.
“I am very happy to meet you, Sophie,” Jane said.
“As am I,” Sophie said. Sophie looked at Julian and said, “you must bring her to Paris someday. This sweet girl should be dressed in a gown, not like a servant.”
Jane felt shocked and hurt. She couldn't believe Sophie had voiced something so rude. Jane looked at Julian with a 'what the hell does that mean' look.
Julian sighed, and looked at Jane apologizing, with his eyes. She could hear Kanin shift behind her, but she did not turn around. She stood her ground and continued to smile at Sophie.
Sophie smiled at Jane quickly, then looked up, behind Jane. She narrowed her eyes at Kanin, then smiled. “I am ready to go my darling,” she said, looking back at Julian.
Julian smiled at Sophie, and said in French, “One moment.” He looked back at Jane nervously. He approached her, leaning in close to whisper.
Sophie walked away, speaking to the people behind her, all the while glancing at Jane.
Jane looked at Julian, eyebrows raised, grinding her jaw but saying nothing.
“I'm sorry,” he said quietly. “We are leaving now, Jane.”
“But you just got here,” she said.
“I know, but I must go. I want you to stay and enjoy the party. I will watch the gallery through Sunday. Do not worry about it for now.”
Jane leaned in next to Julian's ear and whispered, “don't leave me here.”
Julian quickly glanced up at Kanin. With a nervous smile he said, “I must go.”
“But how will I get home?” Jane asked.
“Kanin can take you, yes?”
Jane stood up. She stared at Julian, her eyes wide with disbelief.
“I am ready to go, Julian,” Sophie said firmly.
Julian smiled quickly at Jane then stood up. “Remember I go to New York on Monday. I will return the following Monday.”
Jane did not respond. She had her nails dug into her palms, fighting the urge to yell, while staring at him with desperation.
“Now! My darling,” Sophie said.
With this, Julian rose and walked over to her. With one final glance at Jane he turned, putting his arm around Sophie, and headed for the short hallway that led to the front door.
“Julian,” Jane whispered. She never blinked as she watched him leave. Her heart sank. For the first time in her life she was not the most important person to Julian.
Julian had chosen Sophie over her.
She felt desolated. She did not move or react. She had learned this cold reaction from her youth, when dealing with the Reed children. You react, you pay, she thought. Jane was startled to feel Kanin's hand on her hair. She had forgotten he was in the room. He stroked her hair, the way a parent would a child, trying to comfort her.
She had the urge to make a dash for the bathroom, but stood her ground. As Sophie and Julian departed, Jane thought it odd that the three guests who stood behind Sophie during their conversation followed them out of the room. And not only did Jane watch them leave, but so did everyone else. Even Ivan had his eyes on them. When the five of them were out of eyesight, the crowd began to disperse. Jane watched the lovely beings relax, and move about the room with ease. A couple of them smiled at her.
She lowered her eyes to the floor and bit the inside of her mouth, relaxed, and sighed heavily.
Valerie was suddenly standing by her. Jane looked at her. Valerie smiled sweetly at her, and wrapped a blonde hair around her finger. She glanced at Kanin uncomfortably then back at her. “Are you okay, Jane?” she finally said.
“Terrific,” Jane said distantly.
“I got your painting from the car. It's really amazing.”
This comment surprised Jane. She turned and smiled at Valerie. This was kind of Valerie to say, and at this moment. Despite her youth Valerie could be perceptive when the moment required it.
“How did you think that up?” Valerie asked.
“I don't remember,” Jane said.
“I'm about to hang it on the wall, upstairs. Want to help me?”
Jane grinned. Valerie was helping her feel better about Julian abandoning her here. She nodded. “Absolutely,” she said quietly. “That's what I do.”
“Turn around, take the stairs, and walk to the end of the hall. That is the room where we keep all the art.”
Jane turned. She saw the stairs and hallway Valerie had just described.
Valerie said, “I will be up in a second. I need to grab a couple of things.”
Jane turned back. “Fine.”
“I will meet you up there,” Valerie said. This time Valerie did not put her hand out for Jane. Instead, she walked away in the other direction.
Jane watched her until she was gone. Even though it was rude, she did not address Kanin or turn around. She could feel him behind her, but she wasn't sure if she was mad at him or not. Instead, she walked across the room, and began to climb the stairway. She wasn't concerned about the lovely beings in the room now. They had started to scatter, and were no longer watching her every move. She did notice Ivan staring at her. She ignored him as best as she could, but like a naked person, Ivan was hard to ignore.
“This is a really bad idea,” the little voice was saying.
Jane was starting to agree, but she was halfway up the stairs.
She climbed the stairs, making a left at the top. She walked on noticing two closed doors along the hallway, as she made her way to the room Valerie had indicated. Jane reached the end of the hallway, opened the door and went in.



Chapter 5
Jane sighed, she felt as if she had been holding her breath for hours. “How could he do that to me?” she whispered, thinking of Julian. She rubbed her eyes, then looked at her watch. It read 12:42am. It was late, and she was suddenly feeling tired in this new the room. The room seemed to have a personality of its own. Jane found herself relaxing, feeling peaceful even. The upsetting events that had just occurred were draining away, leaving a serene feeling in their place.
Jane set her bag on a low marble tabletop near the door, then explored the room. The room was rectangular and cavernous. Unlike the rest of the house, this room was full of furniture and decoration. Something hung on every wall.
On the left wall a carved, oak dresser held a line of tiny treasures. Jane picked one up, and examined it. It was, at first glance, a volcanic piece of rock, black and powdery. Jane didn't know much about geology. She turned it over. She was shocked to see a large stone attached to it. The stone was rough and uncut. Jane thought it might be a diamond, but of course that couldn't be. It would be worth thousands of dollars, she thought. She set it down, and moved on.
On the wall hung an immense and vividly intricate tapestry. Jane's expertise lay in modern art, and tapestries are considered medieval to early renaissance, but she knew enough about it to examine its weft and warp. It looked authentic to her, but Jane didn't know this picture. She stared from left to right. To her, the tapestry depicted what looked like a hunt. The majority of the tapestry was black, and a white orb had been woven high in the corner. Jane assumed it was night, and the orb was the moon. She had seen this type of story before in school. On the far left corner of the tapestry stood a castle. As her eyes moved along she saw flat grassland, and as her eyes moved closer down the land became dense forest. People, dressed as soldiers crowded around something. The soldiers had swords and full plate armor covered by a tabard. The soldiers had successfully captured and surrounded what looked like a man. Jane's eyes settled on the creature. The creature had arms and legs, but from his hands grew what looked like long nails, and his face, stark white, was turned upwards, cursing the sky, and from his mouth grew what resembled fangs. This man-like creature had eyes as black as night, and drops of red running down his face. Jane was transfixed by him. A foul feeling seemed to come from the tapestry. The longer she looked at the man, the more intense the feeling became. “Vampire,” she whispered.
Jane was startled by a thump on the roof, as if something had crashed. Then she heard what could only have been running on the roof. It disappeared in the direction of the hallway. A sudden laugh from a party-goer downstairs jolted Jane again. She sighed heavily and closed her eyes for a moment.
Jane crossed her arms and glanced back at the tapestry. She didn't recognize the picture, but felt sure it was priceless. She was puzzled by everything in this room, yet seeing all of these strange artifacts from different periods in history, and up close, charged Jane's blood. The whole room was intoxicating.
Jane continued around the room. Airy, white draperies hung loosely over a four poster bed frame with a bed big enough for five people. On the opposite wall to the right of the bed a sad, silent, Madonna, without a cross, held her hands together as if she were praying. A look of desperation on her face as she gazed back at Jane.
“Bizarre,” Jane whispered.
But the strangest thing about this room was there seemed to be no windows or bathroom that she could see. Lamps had been turned on for guests, and the room was cheery enough, but the room still felt like a cave. She was disappointed to find that there were no family pictures of Kanin's in the room. The entire house seemed to be empty and devoid of familial things. Nevertheless, this room excited Jane. She assumed this was his bedroom. She felt as though she had stumbled onto something secret, like an incredible historic find.
Jane heard more laughter in the hall.
She turned and walked slowly towards the door. To her left, close to the door was a small sitting area with two blue chairs, with extensively carved backs and armrests. A low table sat between them. Jane headed for the chair on the right and sat down. She examined a large vase on the table. It seemed to made from porcelain. To her it looked like a piece from the Ming Dynasty. She remembered how the upper class of that period was supposed to know the difference between shoddy and fine art like this. Jane examined it. Even she couldn't tell if it was real. She put the vase down, and sat back in the chair, and crossed her legs. With all the art in this room she still found herself replaying the scene with Julian over and over in her mind. If Julian hadn't been with Sophie, she would have concluded her to be a real bitch, but Julian was important to her. For whatever reason, he saw something in Sophie, and that meant she would have to as well.
Jane quickly looked to her left. She was startled to see Kanin enter the room with her picture in one hand, and a nail and hammer in the other. He set the painting on the floor, leaning it against the wall by the door, placing the hammer and nail on the marble table top. He walked over to Jane, and squatted down in front of her. He ran his hand through his hair then placed his arms on his legs. The expression on his face was one of concern. “Are you okay, Jane?”
Jane thought about it. “Yes,” she said.
“I must apologize for Sophie. She can be very rude.”
“What did she mean with that comment, about dressing like a servant?”
He sighed heavily, and said “Sophie comes from a very wealthy family in Paris. They are materialistic elitists. She thinks everyone is beneath her. It's just how she is. I ignore her most of the time.”
Jane grimaced. “I can't believe she appeals to Julian.”
Kanin held his tongue.
Jane said, “why do you invite her to your parties?”
He paused then said, “Manners mainly. She is an old friend. Plus she comes to see Julian.”
She nodded, disappointed. She looked away from Kanin.
He said, “She won't be back to my house for awhile.”
Jane smiled at him, happy to hear him slam Sophie a little. “Good,” she said.
He grinned back at Jane. She thought he looked pleased to see her smile at him. He stood up, and sighed. He took the seat next to Jane, leaning forward, letting his arms rest on his legs. He looked at Jane, and folded his hands together.
Jane said, “Is this your bedroom?”
Kanin looked around. “Yes,” he said. “Bizarre isn't it?”
“Yes, but I like it,” Jane said. “Where did you get that?” She indicated the tapestry.
“Barcelona.”
Jane asked, “Does it have a title?”
“It's called, 'The hunt for the vampire.'”
Jane looked the tapestry over again. “Is it authentic?”
“Yes. It was made in the year 1392. Set me back quite a bit,” Kanin said with a grin.
“I can't believe it was for sale. All the things in this room are incredible. How did you manage to collect them?” Jane asked.
“I can be very persuasive,” he said smiling at Jane. “I have traveled everywhere. You would be surprised at what money and influence can buy.”
Jane said nothing. She thought of Julian's words again. 'He is a man of the world.' She cleared her throat, and looked around. “This room could be an exhibition all by itself.”
Kanin chuckled. “Well if you approve, then I know I have collected well.”
Jane smiled at him considering his words. He was friendly and sweet. She couldn't understand how he was so nice, when all his friends were so awful.
Kanin said, “Want to go outside for a walk? It's nice out. We have the house to ourselves.”
“We do?” Jane asked surprised.
“Yes, I got rid of all of them.”
“Oh, I didn't want you to do that,” Jane said with a worried look.
“I was ready for them to go. They've been here all week.”
Jane considered this. Where did they go? she thought. “I didn't mean to break up the party,” Jane said.
“You didn't. People were starting to leave anyway. They just needed a push.”
“Do you throw these parties often?” Jane asked.
Kanin sighed. “Once in awhile. I have known most of the people downstairs for several years. They travel here from New York and Paris.”
“Why?”
“I used to live in New York. I have many friends there, and a few in Paris. When I moved here, they felt they needed to check in on me once in awhile.”
“Oh,” Jane said, but she really didn't understand him.
“They visit a few times a year, and I visit them too.”
“What do you do? Career-wise?” Jane asked.
Kanin thought for a moment, forming his answer. “I am independently wealthy. Old family money,” he said.
Jane nodded and smiled. “Must be nice,” she said.
“It gives me the freedom to do what I want.”
That is true, she thought. Jane glanced at the door, and saw her picture. “Where is Valerie?” Jane said.
“She is downstairs, waiting for everyone to leave. When everyone is gone, she will go with Ivan.”
Jane reacted to this by cringing. Don't be obvious, she thought.
Kanin laughed. Her reaction had not escaped his attention. “You don't like him either?”
“No, he's fine,” she lied. “What about the picture?” Jane pointed at her painting.
“I told her to leave it. I want to hang it myself.”
Jane managed a smile, then looked away from him, letting her eyes rest on the floor.
“What's wrong?”
“Nothing,” she said, with a weak smile. “I am just tired. It's been a really long day full of surprises,” she said emphasizing this with raised eyebrows. Then she laughed. “My feet are killing me.”
“Want me to rub them?”
Jane looked up at him. He was so handsome. She had been thinking about him all day, being alone with him. Jane knew if she let him touch her it would bring the return of the warm feeling. She wasn't sure if she was ready for this, and what it would inevitably lead to. Part of her wanted to go home.
He smiled patiently at her, waiting for an answer.
Against the little voice's wishes, and her own better judgment, Jane found herself nodding at him.
Jane uncrossed her legs, setting her feet on the floor. She sat back in the chair, her eyes never moving from his face.
He kneeled down in front of her, and pulled her heels off one by one. He put them together and set them under the chair he had been sitting on. With a smile at Jane, he took one of her feet, placing his thumbs together on her arch, and began to rotate his thumbs around.
Jane tensed, holding in a gasp. His hands were cool, but his touch felt exceedingly good. She could feel the warm feeling returning. It started off small, but was slowly spreading all over her body. As best as she could, she tried to act natural, sitting up in the chair with her hands grasping the sides of the chair for support. She even attempted small talk to distract herself from the feeling. “Are you dating anyone?” Jane asked.
He looked up at Jane, confused by this odd question. “No. Not for awhile now. I told you Valerie is just a friend.”
“Right,” Jane said.
He said, “What about you? Is there a man in the picture?”
“Just you,” Jane said. Idiot! she thought, don't be obvious.
But he liked this answer. He smiled at Jane for a long time, then shifted his eyes down, letting go of the foot he was rubbing, setting it gently on the floor. With his cool hands he picked up her other foot, and began to message it. Without looking up at Jane, he said, “Do you have family, here in town?”
“No,” Jane said, matter-of-factly.
“No brothers or sisters?”
“No one,” Jane said again, trying not to tense.
“No aunts or uncles, or any family that would claim you?”
Jane sighed quietly, and closed her eyes. She struggled against the warm feeling. In a distant, breathy voice, she said, “I have an aunt in Houston, but we're not close. I don't consider her family.”
“So you are alone in the world? Just you, your work and Julian?”
“There is Sam,” she said, opening her eyes, “and no I don't consider myself alone.”
Kanin said, “have you ever been married?”
“No. Have you?”
He stopped rubbing her foot, and set it on the floor. He put his hands on his legs and looked at Jane, saying, “I was married a long time ago, but my wife died.”
“Oh.” Jane leaned forward and frowned. She relaxed. It had never occurred to her that he might be married or divorced.
“What?” Kanin asked.
“You just look young to be a widower.”
“We married young, and she became ill.”
“I see.”
He looked at Jane. “So why aren't you married?”
Jane rolled her eyes. “I don't know. I never found the right guy I guess.”
He ran his hand through his hair, and waited.
Jane said, “I don't meet too many men at the gallery.”
With a serious tone Kanin asked, “Do you want to get married?”
Jane shrugged her shoulders. “Someday, sure,” she said. “What about you? Would you get married again?”
“If I find the right person, yes, I would.” His voice was strong and full of confidence.
Jane thought about this for a moment. It was strange how sure of himself he always was. It was also very likeable. She sat forward and dug her toes in the carpet close to his feet. She wanted more of the warm feeling. She looked up to see him studying her face.
“I haven't met many people like you, Jane,” Kanin said.
He moved closer to her. He leaned forward and took her hands in his. His hands were cool, but there was a heat coming from him. He rubbed his thumbs over her hands in slow circles, they way he had rubbed her feet.
Jane felt her face blush. She braced herself.
He leaned toward her face.
Her heart stopped for a second.
Maybe it was the house or the room. Maybe it was his voice, or his powerful stare. Somehow all of her inhibitions were fleeting, as if she were under a spell. A rapid throbbing was filling her body.
She struggled to stay calm and be still. She closed her eyes.
His lips were suddenly on hers. At first his kisses came slowly. She kept her eyes closed and mouth slightly open waiting for more. His lips were soft and sweet. She could tell he was testing the waters with her, and this lit her on fire. The faster he kissed her, the dizzier she became. Jane felt faint, suddenly overcome by desire, but he had let go of her hands and had her by the waist. Had she fallen out of the chair Kanin would have caught her. He wasn't letting her go anywhere.
His lips were pressing harder, demanding more from her than her kiss in return. At times she could barely breathe, but she didn't care. She had her arms around his neck, pulling him down to her.
Jane felt Kanin's hand slip under her skirt. He pushed up on it slightly, rubbing the outside of her thigh exposing part of Jane's legs. Jane shook with a desire she had never felt before. She suddenly wanted him more than anything else.
Brazenly, she reached for his hand, and put it on her breast.
He stopped kissing her for a moment. They both breathed deeply.
He said, “Stay with me tonight, Jane, all night. Be with me until morning.”
Jane nodded. She couldn't wait any longer. She lunged for Kanin's lips and kissed him, clinging to him with a desperation she had never known before.
He leaned forward, and picked her up. She wrapped her legs around his waist. Carefully he carried her to the bed.
“Should you close the door?” Jane asked.
“No one will bother us,” he said.
Jane reached for him. His eyes never left hers as he began to undress. Jane quickly sat up and started to unbutton her blouse.
As he took his shirt off, Jane found her eyes moving over his body. His skin was smooth, and pale. His torso one long sinuous muscle.
He laid down next to her, pulling her down, quickly undoing the buttons on her blouse. He kissed her repeatedly, opening her blouse. She sat up, holding her arms up as he pulled it from her body. Jane was glad she had worn black lingerie.
Without looking down Jane could feel Kanin remove his pants. She watched as he tossed them on the floor. The little voice was on the rampage, and normally Jane would doubt her decision at this point, but tonight her fear had vanished.
Jane lifted her bottom up helping Kanin as he feverishly pulled her skirt down, and off. He tossed it on the floor. Then he stood up and peeled the stockings from her legs, along with her panties. With a slow movement Kanin took off his boxers. Jane continued to stare into his eyes. Kanin laid down next to her. She could feel that he was ready for her.
He leaned forward and kissed her. Kanin grabbed Jane's waist, and rolled her over. He held her up with an inhuman strength, and slowly, deliberately lowered her onto him. A low groan escaped her mouth as she felt him slide deep inside her. Jane squeezed him and he moaned with pleasure.
Kanin cupped his hands around the small of her back, supporting her. Jane began to rock back and forth on top of him.
And then Kanin did something strange. Raising his hand towards her face, he lightly touched her brow with his finger tips, and whispered something inaudible to her. Then he let one finger slide down her nose, and into her mouth, caressing it.
Jane put her hands on his shoulders, and placed her head close to his. She alternated squeezing him and rocking back and forth. She could feel the beginning of it. The small burn of her orgasm. She thrusted harder on him. Each thrust came faster, and was more intense for Jane.
Kanin took his hands from her waist and squeezed her breasts. Jane gasped and thrust faster. She began to tense. Her skin was burning with heat, and the pounding of her heart in her ears was almost deafening. She threw her head back and closed her eyes as she struggled to climax on top of Kanin. Every muscle in her body was straining. Within seconds she felt the pleasure mount and her release raced through her. She moaned and sat still on Kanin, squeezing him for several seconds. She held her breath and looked down at him focusing on his eyes.
Jane had never felt this much pleasure from another human being. Being near Kanin somehow helped her feel free; unencumbered by rules and morals. The little voice was silent.
She heaved a long satisfied sigh.
Kanin put his hand on the back of her neck, and pulled her down.
They kissed for several seconds.
Exhausted, she laid down on him, her legs still wrapped around him. Kanin wrapped his arms around her, hugging her close as she laid on him. Jane thought she felt him smelling the skin of her neck.
They stayed this way, silently clinging to each other, for several minutes.
Jane's heartbeat began to slow. After a time, she finally sat up, and moved off of him. She was anxious to cover up with something. But he quickly had his arm over her, keeping her from getting too far away.
Jane relented, and laid next to him totally naked, unashamed and unafraid, burying her head under his.
She knew she never wanted to leave his side.
Kanin put his mouth on her ear and began to whisper, “Jane, if you had the chance to become something incredible, would you?”
She made a little sound, but did not answer him. The last thing she heard him say was “Sleep now, Jane,” delivered in a low, commanding tone, while he rubbed her forehead with his hand.
She was soon asleep, lost to the world.



Chapter 6
Jane struggled to open her eyes.
Soft lights were giving life to fuzzy shapes. Everything was a blur. She sat up, putting her hands on her head. It was spinning, and she felt like she had been hit by a bus. She looked around the dimly lit room in a haze. Is it daytime? she thought, or still night? Things slowly became familiar. The room, the tapestry, and him. Kanin. It all came rushing back. Jane cringed inwardly, her morality returning. She looked around the room, anxious to see if he were still here, but she saw no one.
Jane was suddenly irritated with herself. “At least he covered me up,” she said. She ran her hand through her hair, and pushed the sheets down. She was still naked. She looked down at herself with a sigh, and slid her legs together off the side of the bed. She looked around the room for her clothes. As she did this she noticed something strange. A vase filled with fresh red roses had been placed on the marble tabletop. From across the room the petals looked black, but she could already smell their perfume. Jane didn't remember seeing these yesterday. And how odd, she thought it was to see all her clothes folded neatly on the chair, and her heels on the floor beneath them. And then something made Jane smile. Hanging behind the chair was her picture. Even though the room was dark, from this distance she could make it out.
Jane looked around confused, making sure she was alone. She hadn't heard him hammer during the night. “When did he hang it?” she murmured. Jane dressed quickly, putting her clothes on except for her hose. She stuffed them in her bag, wondering where he was. She found herself hoping he hadn't left the house.
She stood up, and reached for the door. The knob began to turn on its own. Jane put her arm down and looked up. The door swung open, and in the doorway was Kanin.
He came in, tray in hand, and smiled at her. The lamplight lit the strong features of his face. He looked beautiful and wild.
Jane was stunned. The smell of coffee quickly filled the room, but she noticed he had also brought tea, orange juice and toast with him. The liquid in the glasses swayed as he approached her.
“You finally woke up,” he said putting the tray down.
Jane was still quiet. She continued to stare at him with disbelief. She wasn't sure if last night had been a dream. She finally blinked her eyes. “You're still here?” she asked.
“You thought I left?”
“I wasn't sure,” she said.
“That wouldn't be nice,” he said, taking her purse out of her hands. He smiled, and kissed her softly.
Jane closed her eyes and returned his kiss.
He started to move her in the direction of the bed. Realizing what he was doing, she stopped him. She opened her eyes and backed up a little.
“What's wrong?” he said
Jane said, “Nothing. I just want to go home, and change my clothes. Shower and all that.”
“You can shower here.”
Jane shook her head and grinned. “I want to go home.” Jane found herself staring into his eyes, the blue marbles they were. She couldn't stop looking at them. Even in the lamplight they were piercing and wild. He stared back at her with authority. Falling for Kanin would be as easy as counting to three. Jane had never felt this way. This feeling was dangerous. It was hard to control, and could take over very easily if she let it. Jane didn't like being out of control, and she was determined to keep herself on track, with both feet planted on the ground.
Kanin said, “Okay, you can go home, but you have to promise me two things.”
“Two?” Jane said with eyebrows raised.
“You have to come back tonight.”
Jane smiled. “And?”
“I want you to drive my car home, and bring it back tonight.”
Jane was already shaking her head.
“Yes,” Kanin said. “You drove safely last night. I trust you.”
“You really shouldn't,” she said.
“Why?” he asked.
“Because I'm a stranger. I could take your car and drive it to New Mexico.” Jane began to move around him lifting her hand out for the juice.
Kanin quickly grabbed the glass with his free hand. He held it high in the air without spilling a drop. With his other hand he hid her purse behind his back.
Jane stood up and said, “You are something else.”
“Do we have a deal?” he asked.
Jane crossed her arms over her chest, and nodded. This was all silly and amusing to her, but fun. “We do,” she said.
She thought he looked very pleased by this. Again he leaned down, kissing her passionately this time. Kanin tossed her purse on the chair, then put his hand on the small of her back, pushing her closer to him.
Jane could feel the warm feeling again. After a moment she put her hands on his shoulders, and pushed him away.
He looked down at her, a little annoyed.
Jane said, “If you keep kissing me I won't be able to drive.”
Kanin almost smiled. He lowered his arm and handed her the juice. She watched his face as she drank it.
“Do you have a car, Jane?”
She swallowed. “Yes, well sort of. I share a car with Julian. Most of the time it's not a problem since he's hardly ever in town. Right now he's here so I don't have a car.”
“How often are you stuck without a car?” he asked.
“Not very often. A few weeks out of the year.” Jane could see Kanin didn't approve of this, but he said nothing. “It's not a big deal,” she said.
“What kind of cars do you like?”
“Um, I don't know. I like Julian's car, but it's too expensive for me.”
Kanin's look had turned playful again.
“What?” Jane asked. “We aren't all independently wealthy.”
Kanin chuckled to himself. “Follow me,” he said.
Jane finished the last of the juice and set the glass on the tray. She grabbed her purse from the chair and followed him out of the room.
She stayed close behind him. Together they walked the length of the hall. Jane looked around. She was surprised, the house was so quiet and dark. As they descended the staircase, she could see the large room from the previous evening was not only empty, but that the windows were covered in excessively dark blinds. It was so dark in the house that lamps were on.
“What time is it?” Jane asked.
“A little after three,” he said.
Geez, she thought, how long did I sleep? She said, “you don't have much furniture do you?” Jane looked around. The house was tidy, bare and quiet. It was as if the party had never existed at all.
Kanin glanced back at her and smiled.
The clap of her heels were the only sounds in the house. She continued to follow him into the kitchen, and past the office where she had hid in the bathroom the previous evening. Jane glanced in the room as she passed. It too was empty. Finally they were at a door. He opened it, and led her into another room. It looked like a laundry room. There was a large stainless steel washer and dryer against one of the walls, but she thought it odd that there were two refrigerators in this room. But her feelings were good, and she was focused on him.
“You are welcome to stay, Jane,” Kanin said. “I wish you would.”
Jane looked at him. “Thank you, but I want to go home.”
He grinned. He walked around Jane over to a box on the wall. He opened the box. Jane could see two keys hanging side by side. Kanin took one, then closed the box again. He returned to her side, and took her hand in his.
They proceeded through another door which led to a garage. He flipped a switch on the wall behind them, and white lights blinked to life illuminating two black sedans that sat at attention before them. He put his hand in his pant pocket and deftly pulled some sunglasses from his pocket, placing them squarely on his face. Then he turned and pushed another switch. The garage door began to open. Bright sunlight filled the garage. Jane held her hand over her eyes, allowing them to adjust to the brightness.
Kanin took the key from his pocket. He held it up and pressed a button. The left car chirped and flashed its headlights.
Jane looked between the two cars. They were identical. “You have two Mercedes?” She asked disbelievingly.
His only answer was a coy grin.
“Don't these cars cost a hundred thousand dollars?”
“A hundred and fifty each actually.”
Jane rolled her eyes. She laughed and shook her head. “I am not going to take this car. What if I wreck it, or it gets stolen? I own a house that doesn't have a garage.”
“It's a car.” Kanin said. “It can be replaced. You can't.”
Jane didn't know what to say. This was too much for her. She refused to completely let herself believe all of this was happening, this fast, but she didn't want it to stop either. Jane had learned one thing in life. When something seemed too good to be true, it probably was. But Jane felt herself wanting this, wanting Kanin, wanting to follow this road, wherever it led. It didn't make her smile, it made her worry.
Kanin bent down and gave her one last kiss. She kept her eyes closed, and could feel his cool breath on her face.
“Be back by 9pm tonight, okay?” He pressed the car keys into her hand.
Jane opened her eyes. “I will,” she said biting her lip.
Kanin walked over to the car, and opened the door for her. He moved out of the way allowing her to get in, then closed the door once her legs were clear. Jane buckled up. She started the car. She dug for sun glasses in the bottomless pit of her purse, and put them on, then rolled the window down. She looked up at Kanin. “You're not legally insane are you?” she said with a joking tone.
He laughed. “Drive safely, okay?”
“I always do,” Jane said.
Kanin backed away from the car. Jane sighed. She put the car in reverse then slowly backed the car out of the garage. She could feel his eyes watching her. She hesitantly turned the car, and drove forward. She could see Kanin watching her. As she drove away she noticed that he walked to the edge of the garage, but did not venture into the sunlight. Jane didn't think much of this. All she could think of was him. She hoped this was what it seemed to be. The beginning of happiness for her. She tried to stay calm and objective. So far this was just sex and a car, she told herself. Not the worst beginning in history.
Jane could see the black gate now. It was opening. She approached it cautiously quickly glancing at the intercom. Jane stopped at the intersecting street and looked both ways. She hit a switch that turned on the blinker and made a left turn. In the daylight the road looked completely different. She found it odd that she had no problem finding her way back to the city. Everything is working out, she thought.



Chapter 7
Jane carefully turned the Mercedes onto the cement driveway next to her house. She drove it down the path, parked the car, and turned it off. She looked around the interior of the car. Bright sunlight was streaming in. “This car costs more than my house,” she mumbled. Jane took her purse from the passenger seat, and got out of the car. She locked it, then pulled on the handle several times to make sure it was locked.
Satisfied, she headed for her front door. Jane's house was nothing compared to Kanin's. She pulled her keys from her purse. Straining her eyes against the bright sun, she managed to find her house key, she reached for the knob and pushed. She walked through the door of her house, and shut it behind her, locking the deadbolt.
Jane's house was small and old. It had been built in 1942. Some people would say it had a cottage feel. The house had been painted so many times that Jane didn't know it's original color. Like typical homes of that era it had a postage stamp yard, and a stoop instead of a front porch. The wooden front door was quaint and oval. It had originally held a small circular window in the front, but Jane had removed this feature. She wanted the front door to be completely private. All homes of this time had a garage at the end of the driveway, but the previous owners of her house had torn down hers. Instead of rebuilding the garage, the owners used the money, and refinished the wood floors inside the house, and had remodeled the kitchen with granite counter tops and stainless steel appliances.
The inside of the house was small; 1300 square feet of space. The house had two bedrooms, one bathroom, and two identically sized rooms at the entryway which were originally living and dining space. Jane used one room as a dining room, and the other as an office. The house also had a small kitchen. It was long and galley shaped. To Jane, this didn't matter since she ate very few meals at home, and spent most of her time away at work.
She sighed, glad to be home. All the stress from the previous evening had faded. The sting she had felt at Julian had lessened, and she found that she wasn't as mad at him as she had been the night before.
Jane placed her bag and keys on a circular wooden table in the first room. She walked left, across into her office, bent down and turned on her computer. She left the office and headed down the short hall taking a left, then turned right into the second of the two bedrooms. Jane looked around. Her bedroom was the bigger of the two, large enough for a queen sized bed, two night stands, and a long dresser. Jane's dresser sat across from the bed. It held some art books, a floral plate with jewelry, and a twenty inch TV hooked up to a cable box.
She looked up and smiled at the print of Van Gogh's Starry Night above her bed. To Jane, Van Gogh's style seemed simple, and dreamy. This swirling images of stars and night made her relax and feel peaceful. Her mind returned to Kanin and their conversation at the gallery about the sun and moon.
Jane had several pieces of art in her home. Over the fireplace by the front door, she had oversized, black and white photographs of the hills and adobe buildings in Santa Fe she had taken on a road trip with Samantha. Her favorite was a picture of the opera house, hidden in the desert landscape.
Scattered throughout her house were prints she had purchased at school or gift shops. Georgia O'Keefe's Red Canna sat above her computer. A reproduction of The Lady of Shalott by John Waterhouse, hung on a wall of her second bedroom. And Jane's favorite print, a copy of Metamorphoses of Narcissus by Salvador Dali hung behind her dining room table. Chunky silver bracelets she had purchased on trips to Santa Fe, were displayed as artwork.
Her life, like her house was organized and tidy, and reflected who she was, and what was important to her. Jane couldn't help but smile. All she could think of was Kanin and their amazing night together. She walked into the bathroom. Her bathroom was small like the rest of the house. It had a separate shower and tub, and a white pedestal sink with a mirror above.
She switched on the light, and looked at herself. Same old Jane. An acquaintance would have not noticed any difference in her. Jane looked the same, held herself the same. Only she knew what she had done, and how this new affair had affected her. She felt a feeling she thought had left long ago, hope.
One by one she removed her clothes, and tossed them into a laundry basket on the floor. She took the sun pin from her blouse, put it in a safe place, then pulled the blouse down and off her chest. She turned and stepped into the shower. A blast of cold water hit her leg. Jane jumped and moved aside. The water quickly turned warm. She positioned herself under the faucet and closed her eyes. She could not help but think of Kanin again.
Jane looked down at her naked body. She wondered what he thought of her. The night went so fast for her, and was tainted with so much pent up lust and desire from the warm feeling. If Kanin had really looked at her naked, studied her, she had missed it. She thought of Kanin underneath her, supporting her entire weight before he lowered her onto him. He was so wild and serious.
This encounter with him seemed so long ago, yet it had only been a few hours.
Jane wondered if he could be thinking of her. What did he do all day? Jane started to think of wealthy families in Fort Worth, wondering if he were related to any of them, but no family came to mind. Kanin was a complete mystery.
All this thinking was making her tired. Showering was relaxing her. She wasn't sure how long she had slept, and she found herself yawning as if she needed to sleep again.
She stopped the water, and stepped out of the shower.
After putting on her robe, she combed and dried her hair. She walked through her house, and went to the kitchen to make a sandwich. She was starving. Her stomach had growled most of the drive home. She hadn't eaten in almost twenty four hours. Jane peeled a banana and took turns alternating bites of banana between spreading peanut butter on bread. Jane plucked a cup from a cabinet and opened the fridge for milk. She ate her food quickly, her mind never thinking of anything else but him.
After her snack she went into her office and sat down. Her office consisted of a large, wooden computer desk, with a computer on the floor and monitor on the desk. On the opposite wall sat a long, brown couch, with tables on either side. And on the floor in between the couch and computer desk, was a carpet called Setting Suns, a copy of an Andy Warhol painting.
Jane thought about her house in comparison to Kanin's. Except for his bedroom, his house was devoid of personal things, whereas her house had pictures on the wall. Her house was filled with color, photos of her with Samantha and Julian. It had life and personality. Kanin's house, though big and impressive, was empty and lifeless. A few chairs and a table furnished the house. The two closed doors upstairs quickly came to mind. She wondered what was up there. If someone lived there, or if the rooms were empty. Maybe they were rooms with only beds for the parties.
She twisted around in her chair. It suddenly occurred to her that Julian was still in town. Jane wondered what he would think if he knew of her tryst with Kanin. For a moment she grew mad at him, imagining him with that horrible woman.
“What a sweet little doll,” Jane sneered, mocking Sophie. She sighed. The little voice told her to stop. Julian was an adult and her best friend. He could be with whomever he wanted.
Jane decided not worry. Julian was overseeing the gallery through tomorrow night. Everything was fine, and she wanted to enjoy this rare shot at happiness while it lasted. Jane paused long enough to click her mouse, and call for email. There was only one message. She stopped the chair and leaned forward. The message was from her friend Samantha. Jane put her mouse over the message and double clicked. The message read...
Jane, congrats on the show! I am going to see it tomorrow. Meet me for drinks after? How about Winslows at 5:00pm? Let me know if you can't make it. Bye.
Sam.
Jane hit reply.
See you then.
Jane.
Jane hit the send button. She closed her email, then brought up the gallery's web page. Margo's jewelry was the first add. Jane left this page, and clicked around on a few other pages, then logged off her computer. She left the office and walked back to her bedroom. She laid down on her bed, and picked up the remote on the nightstand next to her bed. She hit a red button at the top of the remote. The TV bounced to life.
Jane propped herself up with the the two pillows on her bed, and thought of Kanin. He wanted her back by 9pm. She looked at the clock by her bed. It read 5:30pm. The day went by fast, she thought. Jane found herself exhilarated. She couldn't wait for night to fall. Jane rolled over on her side, and rubbed her feet together. She pushed the channel button on her remote, and mindlessly skimmed the channels. She stopped on the History Channel. A man was asking, “Does Bigfoot really exist?”
Jane dropped the remote and sighed. She found the narrator hard to follow. As he went on about sightings and real life encounters, her mind began to wander. She thought of tonight. She found herself hoping they would have sex again. The little voice wasn't pleased about this, but she was determined to ignore it. She felt as if she had been thrown into an adventure. She relished the thought of having secrets, and private thoughts at the gallery. Jane yawned and closed her eyes. Her body still felt good from last night, and the warm feeling. In her drowsy state she quickly fell asleep.



Chapter 8
Jane awoke to the flashing of her television screen. She leaned forward, swallowing and looked around the room. She was in her own bed. Still in her bathrobe. She quickly looked around at the clock, and saw that it was 7:58pm. Jane freshened up then hurried out of her room to the second smaller bedroom. In this room Jane kept another dresser. It was a white, north/south dresser with six drawers, with gold handles. The paint was flaking off which gave it an antique feeling.
Jane began to search through drawers. Finding what she was after, she took her robe off, unfolded a comfortable pair of jeans, and put them on. Then her hand dove into another drawer, this time producing a bra. With no time to lose, Jane threaded each hand through the bra, then wrapped it underneath her breasts, and fastened it behind. Jane wasn't thinking about sexy clothing just now, she was just dressing fast. At the closest, she pulled the wooden doors open. Her eyes scanned the shirts lined up in a neatly hung row. She grabbed a red t-shirt, and headed back to her room, and to the bathroom once more, then turned and looked at herself in the mirror.
This caused Jane to pause. The sudden movements had caused her cheeks to redden with exercise. She examined herself. Her hair fell around her face, framing it perfectly. Jane ran her fingers all through it, gently placing a piece here and there. Now, Jane looked at her eyes. This new person stared back at her with a naughty intensity. Jane didn't know this person. She smiled to herself. She looked down and fished for a lipstick that had disappeared in the small makeup case that lived on the sink. Jane found it, and carefully lined her lips in a shade of red slightly darker than her own. She ran to the kitchen and made herself another peanut butter sandwich, put it in a baggie, then grabbed a bottle of water from her refrigerator. At last she was ready. With her dinner in hand, she took a breath, and slowly walked around the house thinking of things she needed to have. “My purse,” she said. “I need to call a cab.” She took a step and then paused, remembering. Jane ran into the dining room, and retrieved her purse. She opened it spying the key to the Mercedes. “How could I forget you?” she said to the key.
Smiling, Jane put the water bottle under her arm. She took the key from her purse. Throwing her purse over her left shoulder she looked around her small house. It was quiet, and darkening around her. She walked to the front door and unlocked the deadbolt. She looked back, surveyed her house, then passed through the door, pulling it to behind her and locking it.
Jane turned left, and made a quick dash around the house, then she stopped and smiled. The Mercedes slept in a slumbering blackness at the end of the driveway.
She wasted no time walking to the car. She pushed a button, and the car tweaked to life. She got in, threw her purse in the driver's seat, put the seat belt over her body, placed the key to the left of the steering wheel, and turned the key. The car began to purr. She set the sandwich on her lap. Then took the water bottle, opened it, and put it in a cup holder. She pulled the sandwich out and placed it on her lap. She switched the headlights on, closed the door, put the car in gear, and headed out of her driveway, taking small bites of the sandwich at stop signs and red lights. She licked her fingers and rubbed her hand on her pants with the last bite. At the next red light she drank half of the water. She laughed at herself. All this excitement, she thought, over a man. The sun was completely gone now, and Jane was relishing the night. She felt a change come over her. The night offered her a different life. Jane felt the night like the effects of a drug taking over. It was intoxicating and liberating. The night would set her free. However, this did worry the little voice. It reminded her of limits and logic.
“Don't rush into this,” it told her.
Jane listened. She knew the voice was right, but she was so happy, she had to fight herself to stop smiling. She made a left turn, and began the ascent that would take her to Kanin's house. Her body felt more electrified with every inch she drove.
She enjoyed the long, and unending road. This distance was torture, but it felt good. This road would take her to him, and this she wanted more than anything else.
At last, she reached his house, and looked at the clock. She was ten minutes early. She chortled with surprise to see the gate rolling open as she approached it. “How does he know I'm here?” she said, looking around the intercom area.
When the gate stopped, Jane drove slowly toward the house, up and around the path to the front of the house. She could see the front door opening. Light from the doorway poured out of the house. And there he stood, waiting for her.
Jane threw the car in park, and grabbed her purse. Instructing herself to calm down, she took a breath, opened the door, and looked up in time to see his smiling face.
“You're early,” he said.
It was now pitch black outside. Floodlights lined the length of the house, and patio lights blazed along the small landscaping that lined the front of the house. The lights cast bizarre shadows, but even in the darkness Jane could still see Kanin's face and his hypnotic eyes. She felt flush being this close to him again. It was more exhilarating than she had expected.
Silently she held the car key up. Kanin took the key from her, deliberately rubbing his hand against hers. She felt like she might burst, and worried it was obvious how much she wanted to see him again. She could not speak at this moment, and instead grinned like a playful child, and rolled on her feet. She feared if she did speak she would betray her own emotions and then he would know that she was boiling underneath.
Kanin laughed, and looked her over. “I like this new Jane,” he said approaching her. “This is not the Jane from last night.”
Jane grinned a devilish grin and then was suddenly still. He was leaning down to kiss her. She held herself and waited calmly. She closed her eyes. Soon his lips were on hers. He kissed her sweetly. A pleasant breeze swept his hair back as he stood up. The moonlight on his face made him look angelic. The warm feeling was threatening.
“Let's walk a bit, Jane. I have been stuck inside all day, and would like to be outside for a moment.”
“All right,” she said, finally calm enough for her mouth to form words.
“It's a nice evening out,” Kanin said, putting his hands behind his back.
Jane looked up at the heavens and searched the sky. The night was clear. The stars swirled and glittered with a distant brilliance.
Kanin smiled down at her. “I need to be careful,” he said.
“Why?” She looked over at him as they walked.
“I could get used to this,” Kanin said.
Jane bit her lip, trying to hid a smile. She felt like a teenager.
“What did you today?” he asked.
Jane tilted her head and thought. “Showered, ate, slept.”
“You slept again?”
“Yes,” she said.
“You wore yourself out last night,” Kanin said.
Jane beamed, but couldn't bring herself to look at him. At this moment she was too embarrassed.
“Maybe you can wear yourself out again tonight.”
Jane laughed at his shameless suggestion. “You are wicked,” she said glancing up at him.
He looked forward and laughed. The two of them walked around the side of the house. Jane noticed they were headed to a part of the house that wasn't lit by any lights.
“Wait,” she said, suddenly serious. “I can't see anything.” She stopped.
Jane eye's struggled to adjust to the darkness on the side of the house. She jumped, feeling his hands cover hers.
“Take my hand,” he said. “Listen to my voice.”
Jane smiled in the darkness, and took Kanin's hand. They walked slowly around the house. She listened to the sound of his voice. Jane followed Kanin through the darkness, never concerned where she was being led.
“How did the Mercedes drive for you?”
“Perfect,” Jane said.
“Do you think a Mercedes is your style?”
Jane laughed. “No. I told you it's too expensive.”
He chuckled.
Jane was right. They had walked the length of the house and were now behind it. They were finally in the light. Floodlights along the top of the house lit up the backyard brilliantly. The backyard was a vast stretch of grass. In the dark Jane couldn't see the end of his property. She thought it was odd that she could not hear any animals or insects making noise in the countryside.
The two of them stood in front of the garage. Kanin reached his hand in his pocket, and suddenly the garage door began to open. Jane watched it rise. She smiled but was then confused. There were two black cars. Jane furrowed her brow. How could there be two? she thought, when one of them was parked in front of the house?
Jane let go of his hand and walked forward, inspecting the new car. It was smaller than the Mercedes, but not by much. She walked to the rear of the car and instantly knew what it was. It looked exactly like Julian's car except it was black. “You bought an Avalon?”
Jane couldn't figure out why a man who owned an enormous house with two Mercedes, would need this car.
“I bought it for you.”
Jane's eyes met his. She was sure she had heard him wrong. She walked out of the garage, and over to him. “You bought this car for me?” she asked.
He nodded, and smiled.
A thousand questions popped into her mind. “When?”
“I bought it today. After you left.”
Jane looked at the car, then back at Kanin. She suddenly felt irritated, angry even. “But why?”
He said, “Are you mad at me?”
“Yes!” she exclaimed.
He laughed and looked around, shaking his head.
“What gives you the right to buy me a car?” she asked.
“I told you I have lots of money,” he said.
“And that makes this okay?” she asked.
Kanin wasn't laughing anymore. “You are over-reacting, Jane.”
Jane shook her head, walking back and forth.
He said, “This morning when you told me you didn't have a car, I decided to get one for you.”
Jane glared at him.
“It's just a car.”
“It's not just a car,” she argued. “Look, I appreciate this incredibly generous gift, but I don't need you to buy me a car. I have a job. I can take care of myself.”
“I know that,” he said calmly. “I wanted to buy it.”
Jane could hear the voice. It was worried, telling her not to accept the car. “I can't accept it,” she said, shaking her head.
“Why not?” Kanin asked.
She crossed her arms and looked down at the ground. “I just can't. I barely know you.” She was struggling for excuses now. “What if we break up tomorrow. Would you still want me to have the car?”
“Yes,” he said without hesitation.
“I don't understand that.”
“Jane, I have lots of money. I wanted to buy something for you.”
“Okay, then take me to dinner, or a movie. But don't buy me a car.”
Kanin was visibly angry now. He ground his jaw, and narrowed his eyes. “Is it the money, Jane? You're worried I will want you to pay for it? It's a gift.”
“No, it's not the money.”
“Well what then?” he said coolly.
Jane hesitated, but said, “Do you buy a car for every girl you sleep with?”
Kanin sighed heavily. “Don't do that, Jane.”
She said, “I don't understand this.”
He said nothing.
Jane said, “If I take this car, it's like a commitment. I am promising you this much of me, for the car.”
Kanin said, “I'm not trying to buy your love.”
Jane looked at him with disbelief. “People don't just go out, and buy other people they hardly know a new car.”
Kanin yelled, “I am not people, Jane!”
Jane stopped pacing. This angry tone scared her a little bit. She had never seen him angry before. She stared at him, frightened by the look on his face, and backed up, putting her hand down.
Kanin took a deep breath, and lowered his voice. “You can take the car right now and never come back if you want.”
Jane continued to stare at him.
“Go ahead, Jane. I don't know where you live. You can take it and never come back.”
She was unsure of what to do. She didn't want to leave. She wanted to be with him. She had thought of nothing else all day long. “I don't want to,” she mumbled.
“What?” Kanin said.
“I don't want to leave!” Jane turned around, rubbing her head with her hands. She didn't know what to. She was not accustomed to strange men buying her expensive gifts. This was new territory for her. And now they were fighting, and she didn't want to ruin the whole evening. “What would Julian think?” she whispered.
Kanin chuckled to himself. “Don't worry about that.”
“Well I do,” Jane said.
“He will understand,” Kanin said in a nicer tone.
She looked back at him. He was again confident and smiling. She shook her head, and said, “how do you know that?”
Kanin tried not to smile. “I have known him long enough to know he won't mind.” He put his hands in his pockets, and walked towards Jane.
Jane turned around, and faced away from him.
He stood directly behind her, and leaned his head down over her shoulder. Jane felt his lips graze her neck. She felt the start of the warm feeling coming on. “You are legally insane,” she whispered, enjoying his nearness.
“Will you at least sit in the car?” he asked.
Jane sighed, trying to decide. She felt his hands closing around the small of her waist. He felt so good. She didn't want him to be upset over this. I can at least sit in it, she thought.
Jane walked over to the driver's side, and opened the door. An overhead light shone in the car. Jane bent down and slid in. The car smelled new and leathery. She took a deep breath. “I love new car smell,” she said looking around the dash. It was all the same, just like Julian's car. It was classy and elegant and hers. “If I had known you were going to buy it, I would have told you the color I wanted,” she said.
Kanin laughed.
Jane put her hands on the steering wheel, and squeezed as if she were actually driving.
“Want to go for a spin?” Kanin asked.
“Maybe later.” She smiled at him.
He held his hand out for her. Jane got her purse, then took his hand, rising up and out of the car.
“Will you keep the car?” he asked.
The little voice still worried.
“I can't,” she said. Jane tensed. She didn't want to make him angry again.
He noticed her reaction, and leaned down. He wrapped his arms around her. “You worry too much,” he said. Kanin held Jane close. He closed his eyes, and rested his chin on her head.
Jane sighed, relieved.
They hugged for a few moments longer. He looked down at her. “Want to go inside now?”
Jane nodded, putting her arm around his waist. They weaved their way around the car. Kanin pushed a button by the door to the house, lowering the garage door.
He led her through the first door. He took the key for the Mercedes out of his pocket, and hung the key in it's place, and closed the box.
She was about to ask why he wasn't going to move the Mercedes into the garage, and then she realized another car was in it's place. Jane smiled. She took his hand and followed him as he led her through the house. Together they walked to the big, open room that had been filled with strange guests the night before. He stopped in front of a brown leather couch that had been placed in the middle of the room.
Jane was surprised. Yesterday the room had only a few chairs.
“When did you get this?” she asked.
“Today,” he said.
She laughed, surprised. “Boy, you have been a busy little bee haven't you?”
He smiled. “Let's sit, and talk for a minute.”
Jane sat down on the couch. Kanin sat beside her. Jane turned towards him and put one leg on the sofa. She put her elbow up, and supported her head with her fist and looked at him. “Kanin Basileo, hot, rich, and crazy.”
He laughed out loud at this, then looked back at her.
“You're not a hit man are you?” she asked, half jokingly.
“No, I'm not,” he said a little more serious.
Jane smiled at him.
“You look very nice this evening,” he said running his eyes over her.
“Thank you,” she said.
“Do you want some wine?”
“I will take some water,” she said.
“Back in a flash,” he said standing up. And he was. Jane looked up to see Kanin standing over her with a glass of water in what took less than five seconds.
Jane took the glass, mystified. She sipped the water, then set it on the ground. “I'm gonna have to keep my eyes on you,” she said teasing him.
Kanin grinned. “That's more like it.”
She laughed. “Kanin,” she said, carefully choosing her words, and speaking in a quiet tone. “I appreciate the car, and the sofa, but you don't have to buy me things. Honestly. That is not important to me.”
Kanin was dressed in black again this evening.
“I enjoy buying you things,” he said.
Jane leaned her head back and rolled her eyes. “Hopeless,” she said.
Kanin chuckled.
She gave this cause up, and looked him over. “You are wearing black again.”
“I find it suits me.”
Jane thought about this. “It does.”
“I realized after you left today, that I don't know how to reach you. Would you trust me with your address, or phone number?”
Jane considered his request. “I will give you my home phone number.”
He grinned. “You are going to make me work for everything aren't you?”
Jane smiled playfully. “Do you have some paper?”
“Go ahead and tell me. I won't forget it.”
Jane raised her eyebrows. “You sure?”
“Yes.”
She thought about how Kanin was always very sure of himself. This quality was sexy. So far she hadn't seen him second guess any decision. He knew who he was, and he knew what he wanted, and at this moment, he wanted information on how to reach her. This made her blood sizzle. She gave him her phone number.
He took her hand from under her head, and folded his fingers between hers. Jane shifted to accommodate him. “Jane, I have to leave late tomorrow night. There is a meeting in New York, but I will return Friday night. I want you to come back on Friday night. Will you?”
Jane thought on this. “Yes, I should be able to.”
“Good,” he said.
She said, “What do you have to do in New York?”
“There is a gathering,” he said.
“What kind of gathering?” she asked.
“Another party like tonight. A lot of the people that were here last night will be there,” he said.
“But you just saw them,” Jane said.
“I know, but I must go regardless.”
Jane looked at Kanin and smiled. “I don't envy you,” she said with a grin.
He smiled at her, letting out a small laugh.
“So what do you want to talk about?” she asked him.
“Tonight, let's talk about you. I want you to tell me everything about yourself. Don't leave any details out.”
Jane shook her head.
“We have all night,” he said.
Jane thought about this. They did have all evening and all night. The feeling from the night before was returning. Jane found herself looking into Kanin's eyes, and she didn't want to leave. He was becoming important to her. This scared her. She was independent. She knew her own mind. She knew what she wanted, and who she was. Her world was logical and organized. Then here came Kanin, a loose, out of control variable aimed for her. Jane wanted to move out of his path, and let him pass, afraid of what he might explode onto her.
“Jane?”
“Yes, sorry,” she said.
“What's on your mind?” he asked.
“Just this. What we are doing. I'm not used to going this fast,” she said.
“Taking things slowly gets boring,” he answered.
“We don't have to rush,” she said. “I'm not going anywhere.”
Kanin smiled at her; looked at her with longing. “Will you tell me about yourself?”
“Where do you want me to start?” she asked.
“At the beginning,” he said.
Jane smiled. “Prepare for massive boredom.”
He chuckled to himself.
“I was born in El Paso. My parents died when I was little, in a car crash. I was taken in by my aunt and uncle, and their children.”
“You don't like them?”
“No, I don't care for my aunt,” Jane said scrunching her face. “She was mean to me.”
Kanin watched her.
“After my uncle died I lived with her until I went to college, and I haven't seen or heard from her since then.”
“What did she do to you?”
Jane shifted, uncomfortable discussing this topic. “It wasn't what she did, it was what she didn't do. I was invisible. The kids were mean.”
“What did they do?”
Jane sighed. Her face unhappy. She had a distant expression. “Everything they could to remind me I wasn't one of them.”
A dark look covered Kanin's face. He seemed to understand exactly how she felt.
“Anyway, I survived high school, then went to college. At school I started off as an English major, then switched to art history. Got a bachelor's degree, then went back for my masters.”
“So you are an expert in art?”
“Modern only, and I'm not an expert.”
“And the gallery?” he asked.
Jane sighed, and sat back against the couch. “Julian offered me a job at his gallery when I graduated. He paid for graduate school. I moved here after that, and have been with him ever since.”
“So you will take money from Julian, but not from me?”
“That's different,” Jane said defensively.
“Why?” he asked.
She sighed. “Well for starters I went to work for him. We had a deal I guess you could say. I kept my part and so did he.”
Kanin said nothing.
“He's like a father to me.” She laughed sadly. “People never understand. My aunt didn't celebrate my birthdays or give me Christmas gifts. Julian would secretly send me cards on my birthday. He set up a PO box for me at the post office near the house, and would send me packages at Christmas. I learned how to hide things from my Sarah. I held my tongue, and did what I was told. When Julian visited he would pick me up from school and take me out to eat and just let me talk.” Jane looked at Kanin with a serious look. “I'm sure this sounds sick to you, but it was never anything sordid. He just loved me like a parent would.”
Kanin leaned towards her.
She put her hand up. He took the hint and moved back.
“I'm not trying to get sympathy, it's just the way it was. Julian helped me move when I went to college. He would visit all the time, and send me money. He loves UTAustin. We had so much fun.” Jane laughed. “The only problem was Sam. She didn't like him.”
“Why?” Kanin asked.
“She thought he was pervy, I don't know. You know foreign, and weird. A dirty old uncle.”
Kanin smiled at Jane, but didn't try to move near her again.
“If it weren't for Julian I don't think I would have survived mentally or emotionally.” She leaned her arm down, and took the glass of water. She sipped it, then replaced it to the floor. “Now that I have totally depressed you, what do you want to know next?”
He laughed. “I want to know about the men.”
“What?” she said.
“Men. Men who were 'pervy' with you.”
Jane laughed. “Okay. Well I didn't date at all in high school. I didn't even go to the prom.”
“Why?”
“My aunt,” Jane sighed. “She said she needed my help that night, and I owed it to her to help her. No one asked me anyway.”
“What did you have to do instead?” he asked.
“She had me help her organize the garage, which meant she watched and I organized everything.” Jane looked down at her hands. “But the night wasn't a total waste.”
Kanin waiting, saying nothing.
“After she went to bed, I stayed up and read a book.”
“Which one?”
Jane rolled her eyes. “Frankenstein.”
Kanin grinned.
“My English teacher had told us that Mary Shelley wrote it when she was nineteen.” Jane shook her head. “Nineteen, can you believe that? What do you know when you're nineteen? And to boot she was hanging out with Byron and sleeping with Shelley! Unbelievable,” she said. “She wasn't much older than I was so I decided to read her book. Have you read it?”
“Yes,” he said.
“It was good wasn't it?”
“Insightful,” he said.
“I thought she did a good job of making the reader feel empathy for the monster. From the moment he was created he just wanted to be loved by the doctor who had created him. And from the moment the monster was created, the doctor hated him, just loathed the sight of him, and ran away from him all through the book. I felt pity for the monster. He was misunderstood. He just wanted acceptance. He seemed human.”
Kanin was completely absorbed by her words.
She laughed at herself. “I must be boring you to tears.”
“What do you think of monsters, Jane?”
She frowned. “You mean Frankenstein's monster?”
“All monsters. Do you think they are monsters or just misunderstood creatures?”
“Well, I don't know. I have never met any monsters.” Jane raised her eyebrows and smiled.
He returned her smile, and let it go. “Now, back to the men.”
“The men.” Jane looked up, and thought. “There was Tom in college. He was two years ahead of me, engineering major, very smart. We had absolutely nothing in common.”
“Was he your first love?”
Jane nodded and smiled sweetly thinking of Tom.
“Why didn't you marry him?”
“Well, he had asked me. He accepted a job in Washington. I was only a sophomore. I didn't want to move to Washington. I don't know that it would have worked out anyway.”
“Why?”
“Well, I went home with him one Christmas, his family lived in Tulsa, and I don't think his mother liked me.”
Kanin laughed.
“What?” She sat up and grinned.
He said nothing. He put his hand over his mouth, and continued to laugh.
“Stop it,” she said lightly kicking him with the tip of her shoe.
“Why didn't she like you?”
“I don't know. I think she thought I was too direct.”
“Not you,” he said.
Jane sneered at him. “If you're going to laugh, then I won't tell you more.”
“I won't laugh again.”
Jane shook her head. She half believed him. “Next there was Daniel. Daniel was fun. I met him in graduate school. He was getting a masters in British Literature. He wrote awful poetry. Sometimes he would read me his poems, and they were just terrible.”
Kanin said nothing, but smirked.
“He was interesting. He had all these ideas about the world, how he could change it. But he never did anything. He just talked about it. We lasted about three months. Then there was Steve, he was a total jerk, and then Martin last year.”
“Why was Steve a jerk?” Kanin asked.
Jane shook her head. “It doesn't matter,” she said.
“Tell me.”
“This was after I graduated. About five years ago. Steve and I had known of each other in high school. He was friends with Georgie, my cousin. We met in a movie theater of all places. I was with Sam. Anyway, we caught up. I thought he had changed. We were friendly for a long time. Then we slept together one night, and after that he acted like I had the plague.”
“Bastard,” Kanin said.
“Yes, he was.” Jane looked down, and laughed. “Sam wanted to beat him up.”
“I'm starting to like Sam,” Kanin said.
She laughed. “She is something else,” she said thinking of Samantha.
“Did Sam beat him up?” Kanin asked.
“No,” she said, shaking her head. “She might have if I hadn't stopped her. It's all water under the bridge now. Then last year I met Martin. He is a friend of Sam's husband. We dated on and off. He was nice, but our relationship just kind of fizzled out.”
“Why?”
Jane struggled to answer this question. “There was no chemistry, no connection.”
Kanin leaned forward. He put his hands on her arms, and began to rub her arms up and down slowly. He repeated this several times then stopped, leaning so close to her that he was looming. He had done this to her before in the gallery. Jane thought he always knew just what to do to make her crazy.
Her smile faded. It was replaced with a more serious look. She found herself staring into the abyss of Kanin's eyes.
He sat very close to her, with a hungry look on his face. He asked in a low tone, “So I am number five?”
Jane found herself nervous suddenly. Her heart was racing. She pushed herself up from the couch. Kanin's mouth was next to hers.
“Yes,” she whispered.
He whispered in her ear, “I know there is a connection here, Jane. I sometimes feel as if there is a string, that runs from here,” he placed his hand on his breast, where his heart would be, “to here,” he said reaching down, and placing his hand on her breast.
“Do you think the string will reach all the way to New York when I leave?”
Jane swallowed hard and blushed. When he was this close she felt dizzy and overcome. His physical directness was both exhilarating and frightening. Her heart beat rapidly. She felt weak. She could feel his cool breath on her face. He was only inches away.
In a sudden rush of movement Kanin's lips were on hers. The fever she had felt for him yesterday quickly returned, and again Jane found herself pulling Kanin down to her as they kissed.



Chapter 9
Jane and Kanin made their way upstairs to his bedroom. She walked over to the bed and sat down. Kanin was busy turning lamps off. As he did this she kicked off her flats. She noticed he had switched off all the lights except one.
Jane was anxious for him to return to her side. The sexual drought she had been lost in was quickly flooding from his love.
Kanin made his way across the room. He sat on the bed next to her, and continued with the passionate kiss they shared downstairs. Jane tugged on his shirt, freeing it from his pants. He quickly aided her and before long his shirt on the floor. He stopped kissing her for a moment, and pulled her shirt over her raised arms, flinging it behind them. Where it landed neither of them cared.
He gently pushed Jane down on the bed. He took her wrists and stretched her arms over her head, pinning them in place. If she had wanted to free herself, she could have, but she did not fight him, and instead kissed him harder. Kanin's mouth left no spot uncovered on her neck or face. His mouth moved downward, and his lips were soon sucking Jane's breasts through her bra. She moaned and writhed underneath him. Kanin let her wrists go, and soon his hands were on her stomach, her breasts, everywhere it seemed to her, sending her in a dizzy frenzy of desire.
His mouth continued downward. Jane opened her eyes and mouth wide, with soundless gasps as his mouth bit down on her groin through her jeans. With her hands she reached down to him, attempting to pull him up to her.
Kanin's mouth found its way back to hers after leaving a trail of wet kisses along the way. He held her up, and unhooked her bra. He soon had it off, and turned, tossing it, watching it land next to the bed. She waited in anticipation to see his face return to hers, wanting to kiss him again, but as he turned and smiled at her something was different. Something was wrong.
Jane gasped. The hungry look on her face had been replaced with fear.
“What's wrong?” he managed to say over heavy breaths.
“Your eyes,” she said, frightened.
This made Kanin stop.
He looked at Jane. She put her hand on his chest and pushed him up slightly. “They looked different.”
Kanin quickly turned his head and looked away for a moment. She could feel him slow his breathing. After a few seconds he looked back at her.
Jane saw that his eyes were their normal blue color.
She was sure they had been black orbs.
“It must be the light,” he said.
Jane continued to stare at him. Her face was pale, and she no longer felt dizzy.
Kanin laid back down on top of her. He kissed her neck and face. Despite his efforts she was still. She couldn't stop thinking about his eyes.
“Do you want me to stop?” he asked. Jane could hear the disappointment in his voice.
She was silent for a moment. She shook her head. She raised her lips to meet his, and kissed him lightly. She did this several times.
Kanin kissed her gently, testing, waiting for her to respond more strongly. “Close your eyes,” he said.
Jane obeyed. She began to kiss him with the passion they had on the couch downstairs. She forgot about his eyes, and let the warm feeling over take her once more. She craved it now like a drug.
Jane was lost again. She quickly returned to writhing underneath him with little moans escaping her mouth. Kanin could feel her fingers on her jeans as she tried to pull them down. He stood up, and pulled them down her legs, finally getting them off, and threw them on the floor. Jane was almost naked. Kanin stopped, and looked her over.
Even in this soft light she was worried about this. Jane was a worrier. She would have fallen out of sync with him again, if it had not been for his hardness. He too, took off his clothes, and stood naked before her.
Jane looked him up and down. She bit her lip, but said nothing. There was nothing to say. She waited, swollen and ready, lifting her hips as he removed her panties. She swallowed hard, pulling him close. She wrapped her legs around his waist waiting for him to slide into her.
“Say my name,” Jane said suddenly, surprised to hear herself talking.
“Jane,” he said with the first thrust.
She moaned and raked her fingers over his back.
“Didn't I just know what you needed?”
She couldn't talk anymore. Her eyes were closed, her breath shallow. She thought she might expire from the ecstasy. Kanin was pounding her with a wild, animal force. Jane screamed and clung to him.
They stayed this way for several hours. They would rest, then cling to each other during passionate sex, then rest again. By 3am Jane had exhausted herself. Kanin laid next to her, watching her face as she fell in and out of sleep, letting his finger run the length of her back, her arms, her breasts, and her neck.
Jane kept her opened hand pressed against his chest, never moving or altering its position. This kept a constant supply of the warm feeling moving from him into her. She was becoming addicted to this feeling, and addicted to him. After several attempts to remain awake, while returning his loving look, she fell asleep with her hand still touching his skin.



Chapter 10
“Not again,” Jane said, holding her head in her hands. She had a pounding headache. A hangover. She sat up slowly, only to find herself in Kanin's bedroom, alone. She sighed, her face heavy with disappointment. She inspected the room, this time finding her answers quickly, since she knew where to look. Yes, there were beautiful flowers waiting for her on the low table across the way. Yes, her clothes had been neatly folded, and left on the blue chair. The one thing she wished was still in this room however, was gone, again. She looked at the bed. Kanin, nor any trace of him could be found. This left Jane feeling hollow. Why is he gone? she thought.
Jane quickly jumped up remembering Kanin's returning with drinks for her the previous day. A smile sprang to her face. She tossed the covers off of her, and bolted for her clothes. With a schoolgirl's anticipation she put on her clothes and waited. Nothing happened; no one entered the room. Spying her purse on the chair, Jane picked it up, as if it were a signal for him to return. She was threatening to leave after all. Still the room was silent, and the door knob did not turn.
Jane sighed. A bleak feeling settled in the base of her stomach. She somehow felt cheated. She had broken the curse of the one night stand with Kanin, but today she was disappointed for a different reason.
Suddenly she remembered the new car. For a moment her heart danced. Had he not said the evening before, 'I am not trying to buy your love, Jane.'
This made her feel a little better. Still, why was he not here?
Jane decided to leave the bedroom and look for him. She pushed her feet into her waiting flats, threw her purse over her shoulder, and headed for the door. For one split second she imagined the knob was turning. She was half hope, half despair, but the little voice knew better. It was already scolding her. He isn't coming, she thought to herself. Jane opened the door quickly. The doorway was empty. Just a lonely hall waited for her.
Jane walked down the hall. As she went she glanced at the two closed doors on her left. She looked at them curiously. What's in these two rooms, she thought. Just as she was about to open the first door, she heard a noise.
She instantly knew this sound, it was unmistakable.
“Good morning, Jane!” Valerie chirped.
Jane made her way to the turn in the stairway. Grabbing the rail of the stairwell for support, she looked over and down in time to see the shining face of Valerie, who was at the base of the stairs holding a tray with drinks and bread. Jane was stupefied. Slowly, she descended the stairwell.
As she neared Valerie, her already disappointed mood was becoming bitter as well. Why is Valerie here? Jane thought. It seemed that Valerie was more important to Kanin that she had thought. Perhaps it was unwise to underestimate Valerie, and her relationship with him. Valerie was incredibly attractive and sexy, and she was here, and he was not. No man, experienced and controlled or not, would, at the very least, consider Valerie in some way inviting.
Jane glared at her.
As quickly as she could, holding a heavy tray, Valerie walked over to the nearest table, and set the tray down. She dashed back to the stairs in time to meet Jane.
“Jane, are you okay? What's wrong?”
Jane's face had grown hot. She didn't know where she stood with Kanin now. The day before had given her hope. She had stayed with him two nights in a row. Suddenly, on the second morning he wasn't here. She wondered if Kanin was sleeping with Valerie too.
“Jane?” Valerie was saying innocently.
“Where is Kanin?” Jane finally managed to say. She cleared her throat, and tried to think rationally.
“A friend of his had a problem, early this morning. Kanin left to help him. He called me, and asked if I would come over so you wouldn't be alone when you got up. He will probably be gone all day.”
Jane wasn't sure if this information was making her feel better or worse. “A problem?”
Valerie nodded. Then she frowned, seeming to understand Jane's mood. “Oh, you thought he walked on you or something?”
Jane didn't respond.
“He wanted to be here, Jane. He even gave me a message for you. Do you want some coffee first? You look really tired.”
Jane smiled at Valerie, and shook her head. She noticed Valerie had taped a gauze pad on the wrist of her right hand. Jane wondered how Valerie managed to hurt herself in such a vulnerable place. “What's the message?”
Valerie looked around as if this were a test. “He said for me to say sorry for not being here. You can stay if you want, and he would like you to, and he will call you this week while he is gone. Oh, and he left you this. Hold on.”
Jane watched as Valerie left the room, in the direction for the kitchen. A few moments later Valerie was back. She was smiling, excited, holding a large, brown envelope, with Jane's name written on it.
Jane couldn't help but smile now. She sighed to herself. Her fears and doubts were draining. She suddenly felt ashamed of her reaction, and scolded herself for being jealous of Valerie.
Valerie watched Jane with anticipation, waiting for her to open the letter. Jane wondered if Valerie already knew what was in the envelope.
Jane didn't make her wait another minute. She turned the envelope over, pushed the brads apart and opened it. Jane peeked down into the envelope and smiled. She then put her hand out and turned the letter over, shaking the bag. Car keys fell into her hand. Everything is going to be fine, she thought as she grinned to herself. Inside the envelope was a note, that was stuck up in the top corner. She fished it out. It read...
Jane, please take the car. Can't wait until Friday.
K.
Jane looked up to see Valerie beaming at her. The good feelings were mutual. She wondered what Valerie must think of all of this.
Jane said, “Valerie, I didn't ask him to buy me a car. He just –”
“Jane, it's okay. You don't have to explain.”
Jane smiled.
“Oh yeah, did you want something to eat? I can make you eggs or whatever you want.”
Jane shook her head quickly, and thanked Valerie. She put the note back in the envelope and said, “I need to get going. I have to be somewhere in a few hours.”
“Okay,” Valerie smiled. And then Valerie smiled really wide. “Let's go see your new car!”
Jane couldn't help but laugh. Valerie's excitement was contagious. Valerie was so ecstatic she appeared to be flying through the house. Jane had to hustle to keep up with her.
Valerie was already opening the garage door when she entered the room. She walked into the garage, and shielded her eyes from the bright sunshine that flooded the garage.
Valerie was clapping her hands. “It's so much fun, Jane.”
Jane still had mixed feelings about accepting this car. She made her way over to the front passenger seat, and opened the door. She put her purse and the envelope from Kanin on the seat. Then walked around the front of the car, and opened the door.
“I'll open the gate for you. Okay?” Valerie said.
Jane smiled and thanked her. To her surprise Valerie rushed over, and hugged her.
Jane barely knew this girl, yet Valerie reminded Jane of herself when she was a child. Jane had wished for love. She had wished for hugs, and someone to be glad to see her upon arrival or departure, but Jane never had anyone to love her once her uncle died. Just a few moments here and there with Julian.
Jane hugged Valerie closely. If something this simple made Valerie happy, then she was delighted to do it for her. And Valerie was young and child-like. Jane again felt foolish for being jealous of her.
She knew Valerie's happiness for her was true and in earnest. Valerie was like Samantha, no judgment, just true feeling.
“I'm glad you're here, Jane. I have never seen Kanin so happy.”
Valerie smiled at her one last time, then went back into the house.
“I will leave you alone.”
Jane laughed, and watched as she ran back into the house.
“I'm opening the gate now,” she said. “Bye.”
“Bye,” Jane called back to her. She felt as if she had just been hit by a tornado, but this made her smile. She liked Valerie more and more. Jane turned and got into the Avalon. The smell of the new leather was intoxicating. She smiled, satisfied by the turn of events, but she missed Kanin already, and wished she could had seen him before he left.
She looked the dash over. It was all very familiar. She picked up her purse, and dug for her sunglasses. She found them, and put them on, and dropped her purse back onto the seat. Then she took the envelope, and slid the key out again. She put the key in the ignition, and started the car.
Jane slowly left the garage and headed around the house. The gate was open just like Valerie promised it would be. She passed through the gate, stopped at the intersecting road, and turned left. She was on her way home.



Chapter 11
It was approaching 5:00pm. Jane had to rush to dinner with Samantha. She was only minutes away from downtown. She chose to wear comfortable jeans again, and this time with a gray short sleeved shirt. She was enjoying her new car, and put several CDs in the glove box for her trips to Kanin's house and back. As she stopped for a red light, Jane lifted her sunglasses and checked her hair. She examined her face and neck. Everything looked as it should. She could discern no hickeys, love-bites, or any other obvious marks on her face or neck that would scream she had been intimate with a man the last two nights. The last thing she wanted was Samantha finding out about Kanin. Samantha had been a wonderful friend to her, but was easily excitable by anything, a trait Jane felt the effects of first hand in college.
She always thought her friendship with Samantha was odd. From the first night they spent together as roommates, Jane thought they were as different as night and day.
Jane continued through the light and turned left on Clover Lane. She continued on this road until it intersected Camp Bowie Boulevard. Winslows was on the corner. She was thrilled to see one of the five parking spots available right in front. She parked, and there was Samantha, scanning the cars looking for her. As she parked, Jane laughed to herself, watching Samantha's reaction to the new car. Samantha's face went from realization, to shock, to an open mouth, to smiling and screaming. She could already hear Samantha talking quickly as she ran over. Jane turned the car off, opened the door, and got out just in time to hug her.
Samantha had naturally brown hair, but had dyed it blonde since high school. She had dark brown eyes, and was within five pounds of her college weight. She had been a cheerleader in high school. In college, she gave up the pom poms for a degree in business, and then did nothing with it after graduating, instead marrying a law student named Bill. The rest was history as they say. Twelve years later Samantha was still gorgeous, still blonde, and had no shortage of men straining their necks to watch her walk by. Samantha was a naturally bubbly soul, and Jane found this complimented her own calm, reserved personality.
“Oh my God, Jane!” Samantha said, hugging her tight. “Did you buy a new car?” Samantha walked around the back, and saw that it had no license plates yet, just a white sheet of paper with a date. “Oh my God, you did, that's so cool!”
Jane laughed watching Samantha. Samantha could have been a live show all by herself. She watched as Samantha walked around the car, surveying it. “I didn't picture you for black, Jane,” Samantha said, raising her eyebrows.
Jane said, “I thought I would try something different.”
“I like it,” Samantha said. “Can I sit in it?”
“Yes, go ahead.” Jane moved out of the way, and Samantha lowered herself into the driver's seat. Jane watched her blonde head turning left and right, looking up and down.
“Wow, you really splurged!” Samantha looked up surprised. “This thing is the bomb!” Samantha exclaimed.
Jane smiled.
“It's just like Julian's car, right?” Samantha said.
“Yes,” Jane said.
”Are you not driving Julian's car anymore?”
“I guess not,” Jane said, this occurring to her for the first time.
Samantha asked, “When did you get this?”
“Yesterday,” Jane said.
“That is so unlike you,” Samantha said. “I like it. It looks good on you.”
Jane grinned.
“Well we better go in if we want to get a table. I am starving. I've hardly eaten all day.” Samantha got out of the car, and moved aside to let Jane shut the door. Jane locked the door. She and Samantha started walking toward the entrance of Winslows.
“Where did you park, Sam?”
“Oh,” Sam said, “I let one of those cute college boys valet the Mommy train. I can't believe you found a spot in front.”
Samantha drove a gold Suburban. She affectionately called it the mommy train since she drove her two kids all over town, and always had a car stuffed full of sports equipment, gear, paper towels, boxes of crackers. You name it, and it lived somewhere in the back of Samantha's car.
“But seriously, I love your new car.”
“Thanks,” Jane said, revealing no secrets about the car's origin.
Jane and Samantha passed through one of the arches to get to the door. They went inside, and were seated.
“Jane, I am so hungry. Will you split a pizza with me?”
“Yes, I am starving myself.”
The two of them were quickly sat at a table facing outside. Jane sat away from window, feeling heat from the sun shinning in on them.
“Let's see,” Samantha said perusing her menu, “how about the Margherita pizza?”
“That sounds good,” Jane said.
They ordered, gave their menus to the waiter, and smiled at each other.
“You look good, Jane. I thought you would look tired, but you don't.”
Jane smiled. “Did you see Margo's jewelry?”
“Yes,” Samantha said rolling her eyes. “So weird.”
Jane laughed. Samantha had never been an art lover. Her idea of art was pictures of babies dressed as butterflies.
“My friend Jane couldn't have a picture of sunflowers on her wall at school.”
Jane laughed. She put her hand on her ear, and began to twist the small silver stud earring in her ear around in circles.
“No, the jewelry was neat, but eight hundred dollars for a bracelet?” Samantha raised her eyebrows for emphasis.
“It's not just a bracelet though. It's one of a kind, wearable art,” Jane said.
“Well, it was heavy,” Samantha said. “Oh and Julian was there. I didn't tell him I was meeting you afterwards. I was afraid he would want to come with us. He is so funny, Jane.”
Jane was serious for a moment. This was the first time she had thought of Julian today. She didn't want him to see the new car yet. She looked at Samantha nervously for a moment, but Samantha was too busy blabbing to notice.
Samantha mocked Julian, saying, “Hello, look at me. I am French. Would you like to buy a necklace, no?”
Jane held a laugh back. Normally this bothered her, but today she decided to let it slide.
A waiter brought their drinks, setting down a glass of red wine in front of Samantha and tea in front of Jane. Samantha ordered for them. With a smile the waiter left.
“So how is Bill? How's the family?” Jane asked.
Samantha took the glass, and sipped the wine. “They are all good. Busy with sports. Kendall wants to take ballet lessons. So if we do that, then she will be in girl scouts, gymnastics and ballet.” Samantha leaned her head back as if she were overwhelmed. “Matt is still in karate. Oh Jane,” Samantha said leaning forward, “the last two weeks he has been in the bathroom, a lot.”
“Oh boy,” Jane said.
“I know. I am not ready for this. He's only twelve.”
Jane chuckled. “Does he talk about girls yet?”
“No not really. Most of the time I can't get him off the play station. But lately he has been busy with other things. Bill said it's normal. I can't believe how fast it's going. They were just babies yesterday.”
Jane gulped her tea. “Do you have new pictures?”
“Oh yeah,” Samantha said digging in her Coach bag. “Here is Matt.”
Jane took the photograph from Samantha. “Wow, he is getting so big.”
“I know. I can't believe it. And here is Kendall.”
Jane took the next photograph from Samantha. “She is so cute, Sam. She looks just like you, with brown hair.”
Samantha laughed. “They keep me running. That's for sure.”
“You look great. They keep you fit.”
“They keep me busy,” Samantha said. “So tell me all about you. No more boring family talk.”
Jane handed the pictures back to Sam, and watched her shove them in her purse.
“I'm in Fort Worth with my artsy fartsy friend, Jane,” Samantha said.
Jane laughed. She knew Samantha well enough to know Samantha was joking.
“I have been working with Margo, getting the show ready.”
“Do you still like your job?” Samantha asked.
Jane thought on this. “Yes. It's the greatest job in the world.”
“It is? I would think it would be boring. No offense sweetie, but you know, quiet and still all day.”
Jane nodded. She knew galleries bored some people. But she had never felt that way. She loved history, and she loved art. She felt close to the gallery as if it were her own. It basically was. She ran it, paid all the bills with money from Julian, and found the local artists for the gallery. She always desired friendships with people who had the same interests she did. The gallery had provided that for her in the form of Juilan. She thought of Julian, and the dinner. Then the big house, and the party, and of course Kanin. Jane had a faraway, dreamy expression on her face.
Samantha sipped her wine, almost choking as she began to talk. “Okay, I know that look. What's going on?”
Jane looked back, surprised. “Nothing.” There was a heat coming from her, and Samantha could feel it.
“Ha.” Samantha said. “My kids can lie better than you, Jane.” Samantha grinned. This was bad. Jane was a terrible liar. Samantha always knew when she was lying, and she also knew Samantha was relentless. She would pick Jane apart piece by piece until she found out what was going on.
“Did something happen at the gallery?”
Jane tilted her head back and sighed. It had begun.
“Was it something with the car? Did you meet a guy?”
Jane looked at Samantha, jackpot.
“You met a guy? Who, where?”
“He is a friend of Julian.”
“And?”
Jane sighed. “Am I going to regret telling you this?”
“Of course,” Samantha said.
Jane laughed. It was inevitable. Just get it over with, she thought. “Julian invited me to a party on Friday night to meet some of his clients.”
“Mm-hmm.”
“I met a guy there,” Jane said.
“Who? What's his name?”
Jane smiled. “His name is Kanin Basileo.”
“Ohh! Foreign,” Samantha said, eyes wide.
“We talked for a long time, and had fun at his party, and then I went out with him again last night.”
“What does he look like?” Samantha asked.
Jane thought for a moment. ”Well, he is tall, slightly muscular. Brown, wavy hair, and blue eyes.”
“Oh,” Samantha said, “this is getting good.”
“He is very nice. He was easy to talk to,” Jane said.
Samantha asked, “Is he French, like Julian?”
“I don't know, but he's fluent in Italian,” Jane said.
“That is so hot,” Samantha said.
Jane laughed.
Samantha grinned from ear to ear. She was enjoying this too much. “What does he do? For work?”
Jane returned a controlled smile at Samantha. She had to stay calm. “He's independently wealthy.”
Samantha beamed. “Rich, hot, foreign... booyah!”
“Booyah? Really?” Jane asked.
Samantha nodded. As the women looked at each other their pizza arrived. The waiter set it on the table, along with plates. With a smile he asked if they needed anything else. Jane said no. Samantha wasn't paying attention to him at the moment. She was too busy looking at Jane. When the waiter left, Samantha took a piece of pizza, then began with the questions.
“So are you going to tell me or not?” Samantha asked.
“Tell you what?”
“What did you do on your date?” Samantha picked the pizza slice up, and took a big bite.
Jane thought for a moment. She wanted to keep the story as close to the truth as possible, without giving anything away, and stay under Samantha's radar. “We had drinks, and talked for a long time?”
“How was the vibe?”
“It was good,” Jane grinned.
“Was it now?” Samantha said.
Jane could feel her face growing hot. She tried not to make eye contact with Samantha at this moment.
“You are blushing, Jane.”
Here it comes, Jane thought.
“And just how good was the vibe?”
“It was nothing, Sam. He was cute, it was fun. I felt like a kid on a first date.”
“Did he kiss you?”
Jane rolled her eyes. “Yes,” she said.
“And?”
“And that's it. It was a good kiss.”
Samantha had finished her first slice of pizza. She put her hand out, and took another.
Jane looked down and took a bite of her pizza, hoping this was enough for Samantha.
“So, did you or not?”
Jane sighed, Samantha wasn't done. “Did we what?”
Samantha looked at Jane making a face. This coy routine never worked on Samantha. Samantha leaned in for effect and quietly said, “Did he have a special delivery for your purple mailbox?”
Jane almost choked on her tea. She swallowed hard. “Samantha,” she giggled. “A little tact please.”
“Hey I spend my days with kids. This is a tact free zone,” she said pointing to herself. Samantha continued to eat. “Well, did he?”
Jane flushed as Samantha waited for her answer.
“Oh, my God. You did?” Samantha put her slice down. “Seriously Jane? Somebody call 911!”
“Shhh,” Jane hushed Samantha loudly. She figured it couldn't get any worse. Her secret was out. Now maybe she could eat.
Samantha sat back in her seat, flabbergasted, looking at Jane. “Is this the same girl I used to have to drag out of the dorm to go clubbing?”
Jane raised her eyebrows and took a bite off her pizza slice.
“Well I hope you used a condom.”
Jane said nothing and continued to eat. This thought had not occurred to her until now, and sent a rush of panic through her. They had used nothing, and she wasn't on birth control. She realized when she was with Kanin she forgot everything. All her worries, responsibilities, conventions went right out the door.
“So does he have a big Porsche?”
“God,” Jane said closing her eyes, and laughing quietly. “We are twenty again.”
“Okay, now seriously, how was it?”
Jane looked at Samantha, and said, “It was the best sex I have ever had.”
Samantha's eyes grew wide, waiting.
“There is something strange about him. He has a very intense personality. I felt, I don't know, at ease with him, like safe but on the edge.” She was twirling her earring again.
“Oh sweetie,” Samantha said putting her hand on her chest. “This is so unbelievable.”
“I know. I don't know what I'm doing.” Jane took a bit of her pizza.
“Are you going to see him again?”
Jane nodded, and finished chewing her bite, then swallowed. “He is going out of town this week, then will be back Friday. We have a date that night.”
Samantha wiped her mouth with a napkin. “Do you think this is serious?” she said.
“No,” Jane said, remembering that morning. “It's an exciting beginning. I bet he doesn't call me next Friday.”
“Well if he does, I think you should see him again.”
Jane smiled, and sipped her tea.
“You seem so different. I mean the car, this guy. I think this will be good for you. You seem so happy, Jane.”
“It's just the sex. It will wear off.”
“Wow,” Samantha said, shaking her head. “Do you have any other news? I am so glad I came tonight!”
Jane nodded, eyebrows raised. “Yeah, actually. Julian has a girlfriend.”
Samantha's mouth fell open. “Stop it.”
“No, he does. I met her,” Jane said.
“And?” Samantha asked.
Jane sighed. “She is beautiful. She has gigantic boobs,” Jane said holding her hands in front of her chest. “She is French like Julian, but very rude.”
Samantha said, “why do you say that?”
“She was really rude to me at the party on Friday. She made a comment about my clothes.”
Samantha narrowed her eyes upon hearing this. “Want me to tie her boobs together?”
Jane burst out laughing. She covered her face quickly with her hand, and said over the pizza, “you might be able to.”
Samantha had a somewhat dark look on her face. “Do you think he's into that?”
“What?” Jane asked.
Samantha said, “being pushed around by a domineering woman? You know a woman in leather who uses a riding crop?”
Jane looked disgusted at the very thought of this. She thought back to the night of the party, and Sophie's insistence on leaving. “I hope not,” Jane said thinking about this.
Samantha chuckled to herself. She grinned. “Must have been some weekend,” she said.
“It was an eye opener,” Jane said, agreeing with Samantha.
Samantha finished her wine.
Jane suddenly heard the Macarena song coming from Samantha's purse.
“Oh crap, hold on.” Samantha turned and dug for her blackberry. She found it and looked at it, reading a text message Jane assumed.
“Great,” she said annoyed.
“Everything okay?” Jane asked.
“No. Kendall fed something to the dog, and now it's throwing up.”
Jane bit her lip, and looked at Samantha.
“You would think Bill could handle this on his own,” she huffed. Samantha looked at Jane, and said apologetically, “I'm gonna have to go, sweetie.”
“That's all right,” Jane said.
Samantha was already motioning to the waiter. He came over directly. Samantha asked for the bill. The waiter handed Samantha a black folder.
Jane said, “Wait, let me help pay.”
“Oh no, I got it,” Samantha said. Before Jane could find her wallet, Sam had handed the waiter her Visa card. “Stay, finish the pizza.”
“Thank you,” Jane smiled.
The waiter had the bill back quickly. Samantha left him a tip and then scribbled her name on the line. She put her credit card back in her wallet. Jane was about to say goodbye when Samantha looked at her, with a very serious expression.
“Now listen to me,” Samantha said, “I'm not trying sound like your mother, but I want you to try this. With the guy, Kanin.”
Jane nodded, and paid attention to Samantha.
“I think this will be good for you. Live a little. If the guy turns out to be a jerk, well que sera sera you know? You look different, Jane, you look changed.”
Jane couldn't help but smile. She felt happy. Beginnings usually were.
“Email me, and let me know what happens next weekend, okay?”
“I will.”
“Okay, good.” Just like that, Samantha was out of her seat, standing next to Jane, hugging her.
“I like this new you.” She said. “Man, I wish I didn't have to go. Next time I want details.”
Jane laughed, and promised Samantha she would tell her everything.
“Bye honey.”
“Bye,” Jane said. She watched Samantha leave the restaurant. She waved at Samantha, as Samantha walked by. She thought about what Samantha just said. 'I like this new you.' Jane pondered, in two days had she changed so much? She was still, Jane. Down to earth, both feet on the ground, Jane. I'm just having some fun, she thought to herself.
Jane ate the last piece of pizza. She left the restaurant and walked over to her car. The car made her smile. New car, new man, new start, she thought, things were working out. She unlocked the car, and opened the door. She tossed her purse on the passenger seat, and started the car, pulled out into the lane, and smiled as she began her short drive home.
Jane spent the rest of her evening thinking about what she needed to do tomorrow. Mondays and Tuesdays were her days off. Jane looked around her house, and made a mental list. “Laundry for sure,” she said. “And groceries.”
Jane thought about calling Julian, but knew he wouldn't answer his phone even is she did call him. He was probably at the hotel, packing for his trip to New York. Jane cringed at the thought of Sophie answering the phone. She decided not to call Julian.
She took a shower, and got ready for bed. By 11pm, while watching TV, she fell asleep.



Chapter 12
Jane opened her eyes to the sound of chirping birds. She wasn't sure if the sounds were from doves or Mockingbirds, but they were singing and tweeting the same sound over and over. She looked at the clock next to her bed, it read 9:07am. She laid her head back on the pillow and breathed in and out. Barely awake, and her mind was already racing.
She rubbed her face with her hands. She couldn't believe all the things that had transpired in the last forty eight hours. In that time she had become someone else. She had done things she never did, and broken rules she had made. She thought of Kanin, and the passionate love they made on Saturday night. Jane was sure if her mother was still alive she would be shaking her head at Jane, reminding her of things proper people don't do. “You don't have sex with strange men, Jane,” she would say. She felt sure she was still miles away from sloth, but on Friday night she had not only burst through lust's door, but had destroyed it completely.
Jane sat up, and looked around her room. It was Monday morning, and the gallery was closed today. For the last two days she had not been to work. It all seemed so strange. The new love affair, the carefree days without worrying about the gallery. Jane didn't know what she would do with so much time on her hands.
She thought of Kanin. He was always in the back of her mind for the last two days. She thought about Samantha, and what she said about newness, and how this relationship might be good for her. Then Jane thought about Julian, and how he was on his way to New York as well. It suddenly occurred to her that Julian and Kanin were in New York at the same time. She wondered if they would see each other. It was possible. This sent a spark of fear through her. What if Kanin told him about the weekend, and the car? She calmed down, and told herself not to worry.
“I will tell him next week,” she mumbled. Her relationship with Julian was to accept first, and ask questions later. Now that Julian was deserting her at parties for a French sex bomb, maybe she should ask him what other secrets he was hiding. In the lifetime she had known him, she didn't really know him at all. She knew he was kind, and a businessman, who made his money in real estate, but that was all she knew. Jane had never questioned him about things. She decided right then and there that come Monday week she would start.
Today however she needed to fill her time with motion and purpose. Keeping her body active would free her brain from thinking, for it would be concentrating on all the physical things that needed to be done.
Jane tossed off the covers. With a yawn she scooted out of bed, stood up, and stretched. The sun was shining, and she felt that it would be a good day.
She turned around and made her bed, then went into the second bedroom and flipped on the light. She looked through the various choices, and grabbed a khaki colored pair of pants, a plan white t-shirt, and a pair of worn tennis shoes.
If she were serious about staying in motion she needed something to do.
She decided to walk around her block. Jane was out the door, heading down the street. She smiled at the occasional neighbor. She ran past debris from lawn mowers, and avoided a black lab exploring the street without its owner. As her house came into sight she thought of Julian's car. She unlocked her front door, and let herself in. She wouldn't bother with makeup today. Today would be a day for errands. As she put her hair in a casual ponytail, she thought about the car situation. Julian had no idea Kanin bought her a car. When Julian went out of town, he would leave his car in the hotel parking lot, walk to the gallery, and leave Jane the key to his car in an envelope on his desk. Then he took a taxi to the airport. Jane decided she would get his car today, and park it in her driveway.
Jane checked the fridge. It had been several days since she had gone to the grocery store, and her provisions were getting low. She opened the cabinets, and found she still had a few tea bags remaining.
She couldn't help but yawn as she filled her cup with water. She had slept well the night before, but was still a little tired. Last night was the first night she had had long, worry free sleep in her own bed.
Jane got the water started in the microwave. A few minutes without purpose, and there Kanin was, in her mind. She smiled, thinking of him. She missed him, and his warm feeling. Her heart pounded faster thinking of Saturday night. “The things I did with him,” she said. She blushed and shook her head. She thought of Kanin behind her, pulling her up to kiss her lips as he made love to her.
The microwave beeped. It beeped three times before she heard it. She walked over to the microwave and took the carafe. Jane glanced back at the clock on the stove. It was nearing 10:00am. She grabbed a mug from the cabinet above, and poured hot water from the carafe into her cup. With her fingers she opened the tea bag, and laid it on the water's surface. The tea bag steeped in the water. Her breakfast consisted of two pieces of toast, two cups of tea, and a vitamin. She cleaned her dishes, rinsed the carafe, and headed back to the bathroom.
After brushing her teeth, and putting lip balm on, she was ready to go.
The first thing to do was call a cab. Jane took the phone, and dialed the number for the cab company she always used. They knew her well. Having done that she moved her new car onto the street. That way when she returned with Julian's car she could drive it to the end of her driveway, keeping it safe and out of her way the rest of the week.
Back in her house, she considered what to do next. She had decided to go to the gallery after getting Julian's car. Just to check on things. Not only would this waste time, but would give her motion.
Jane stood and thought. As the thoughts came to her she quickly found the things she needed, and put them in a cross-body bag. She stuffed the bag with a bottle of water, her house keys, sunglasses, keys to the gallery, her wallet, and her cell phone. She was all set.
She closed the door to her house, and locked it with her keys. She paced up and down the stoop. Before long the taxi had arrived. She ran for it, and got in quickly. “Head towards downtown,” she said. The car was moving. She watched her neighborhood disappear, and the freeway approach. It was so early, and on a Monday that the traffic was light, and people had not left for lunch yet. The drive was short. Jane dug through her wallet, pulling a ten dollar bill from it, and said, “the Ashton Hotel.” Five minutes later the driver stopped in front of the hotel door. Jane paid him, and got out. She found Julian's car keys as the cab driver left.
Jane walked into the hotel, and to the front desk.
The concierge smiled at her.
Jane said, “hi. I need to pick up a car that's been valet parked.”
“Sure. Make and model.”
Jane gave him the information, and showed him her ID. She went back outside, and stood by the front doors. A few minutes later Julian's car appeared, driven by a young man. Jane tipped him, then walked around, and slid into the car.
Again Jane was off. She drove the short distance to the gallery, parking as close as she could.
She walked around Julian's car, and up to the glass doors. She opened them and slipped inside, turning around, and locking them. Everything seemed fine. The front rooms of the gallery were visible from all the sunlight. Jane looked over the jewelry counters she bought, and what remained of Margo's creations lay arranged and undisturbed.
Jane pressed on. She stuck her head in the other exhibition rooms, and satisfied, headed to the back of the gallery where the offices were. She passed through the kitchen door, turned on a light, and soon stood in front of the office doors. She went to the right, and walked into her office, flipping the light switch on the wall. Her desk was piled with organized stacks of paperwork, bills and books. Looks fine, she thought. Jane turned off the light, and left her office. She walked to Julian's door. His office was dark too. She pushed the door open and turned on the light. Julian's office was very clean. His desk was almost bare except for a monitor, phone, mug with pens, and there, on his desk, was the brown envelope with her name on it. No doubt his car key was inside. She walked forward and rounded his desk, but before she took the envelope she looked around.
This was something Jane had never done. She always gave Julian his privacy, but today she was curious. She opened and closed several doors. She looked through a beat up, gray filing cabinet to the right of his desk. Jane sighed. She quickly realized there was nothing to find. The drawers were full of real estate paperwork, and legal forms. It all seemed very innocuous. She shook her head, and closed the cabinet. She went back to Julian's desk, and took the envelope. Without looking back she turned the light off, and left his office.
Before long, she was through the kitchen, and into the first exhibition room. She made the short journey to the front door, and unlocked the same glass door she came in through. As she exited the gallery, she again locked the door. With a pull on the gold handle, she was off, walking towards Julian's car.
By now Jane was famished. She got in Julian's car and drove it the short distance to the cafe she ate at almost everyday. She ate a chicken sandwich, and a fruit salad.
Once she was done, she was again in Julian's car driving the short distance to her house. She laughed at the music playing in Julian's car. A man sang in French. Jane didn't know this artist, but the song talked about a man seducing a woman on the streets of Paris. Jane thought of Kanin, and wondered if this is what all men thought about.
Soon she was home. She pulled the car into her driveway and drove it down the slight slope to its end. She removed her seat belt, and turned the car off. After bending down to get her bag, she slammed the door, and made the car sing. “Concentrate,” she told herself, pushing away thoughts of Kanin smiling at her in bed. “What's next?” she said, heading back up the walk to the front door.
Jane was suddenly tired. It was almost 1pm, and she was hitting a low. She was full, but she felt sweaty and sticky. Upon entering her house, she locked the door, put her bag and the envelope on the dining room table, and made a b-line for the bathroom.
Jane used the bathroom, then stepped into the shower. She pulled the pony tail holder out of her hair. With the turn of a knob the water hit her, rinsing off the long morning. Jane closed her eyes, and turned back and forth under the water. She was full and tired, and the food in her stomach was making her limbs feel heavy. Jane washed her hair and rinsed herself then turned the knob again. The stream of water stopped. She opened the door, and found a towel. She dried herself off, took the robe from the back of the bathroom door, and put it on. Without a sound Jane combed her hair. She thought of nothing. The purposeful events were working. Jane was too tired to think about anything right now.
She dressed, again choosing jeans and a t-shirt. She dried her hair, and put on deodorant, and at last could sit down. She decided to lay down on the couch in her office. For several minutes Jane dozed. The chirping birds were gone, and there was nothing to do at this moment. After an hour she woke, and sat up looking around her house.
For the next three hours she filled the afternoon with looking through art books, talking with Margo on the phone about an upcoming meeting, and making a long list for the grocery store.
By 5pm Jane again was full of energy. She stood up from her office chair, and stretched her legs.
Next for her was the grocery store.
She grabbed the cross-body bag, and headed back outside towards her car.
She drove to a large grocery store near her house. Rush hour traffic was building, and Jane was glad to find a parking spot close to the front of the grocery store entrance. She left her car, and entered the store. The store was as a busy as the roads had been. Every type of shopper was represented at the store by this time of day. Business people, families, teenagers. Jane pulled a cart from the line and headed in.
She shopped for all the necessities first. Milk, orange juice, tea, bread, two or three boxes of cereal, tuna, peanut butter, apples, bananas, sliced cheese, crackers and eggs. After she had collected these items she walked slowly through the store, thinking about what else she might need. She didn't come to the store often, so she wanted to get as much as she could.
In this particular store they baked chickens everyday. Jane put one of those in her basket. This could be her dinner. She debated buying bagels, since they were several hours old. She bought some anyway. She looked around and thought. She suddenly remembered shampoo, toilet paper, and paper towels.
She headed for the check-out counter and paid.
It had been a productive day and Jane was proud of herself for staying busy. The last thing she wanted was to sit at home all day pining for a man. She pushed her basket out of the store, towards her car. There were compromises that came with living downtown, like having to drive farther to find a grocery store, but overall they were worth it.
At long last Jane was home.
It was now 7:30pm. Jane parked her car on the driveway. She got out and slammed the door. She popped the trunk with the button on the key, and took out two grocery bags. She walked quickly to her front door, carefully sorting through keys. She found the one for the front door. With a still hand Jane unlocked the door. With her right hand, groceries dangling from her wrist, she turned the knob then bumped the door with her knee to open it. She sighed, and set the bags down. She put her keys and purse on the wood table, then made the trek outside to get the rest of her groceries. Jane repeated this pattern three more times until all the groceries had been brought inside. She hit the button locking her car, and looked at it one last time. With a smile she turned, closing and locking her door behind her.
She busied herself with putting groceries away. She made herself some dinner, then took a quick shower, purposefully putting off what she had been thinking about doing all day. For Jane it was anticipated torture. All day she had wondered, nay hoped, that there would be a message, just one message from Kanin on her answering machine. Jane waited until bedtime to check her machine. With bubbling anticipation she allowed herself to look at the answering machine. Her heart dropped. She had no messages. She sighed. It was only Monday, she thought. Barely, forty eight hours had passed since she had seen him. With a deep breath, Jane got ready for bed. She did all the necessary things, and with remote in hand slipped under her covers. Day one, she thought, complete.



Chapter 13
Tuesday morning started out almost the same as Monday had. Jane awoke to birds chirping outside her window, but today, she decided to go into work. The gallery was normally closed on Tuesdays, but she was anxious to get back to the gallery, having finished all her errands the day before.
She showered, dressed, and ate breakfast. Before the sun was a quarter above the horizon, Jane was at work, busy as a bee. Tuesday proved to be more interesting than Monday. The world was moving faster by day two, and so was she.
Jane was still content and satisfied with herself, and her situation with Kanin. She had received no calls from him, but didn't let herself worry about that. The little voice chimed in now and again, but Jane didn't worry about that. Thoughts of wild sex and the warm feeling kept a smile plastered on her face.
She kept the gallery closed. This gave her ample time to pay bills and send thank you notes to patrons who came to the show Friday night.
Jane had a phone call from Margo. Margo told Jane all about a new up and coming artist in the city known only as Wendell. Wendell was a friend of Margo's. Wendell's specialty was laying paper on the ground, then covering his tennis shoes and hands in paint. He would dance to fast music and create art with his movements. Margo couldn't stop talking about how amazing he was. How his life energy was his artistic expression. Jane smiled, excited by Margo's enthusiasm, and decided right then she had to see this for herself.
She spent hours typing up ideas, and getting paperwork ready for Julian, but she knew he would tell her yes anyway. Jane flitted all over the building. If she wasn't outside in the front of the gallery taking a break, then she was in the exhibition room, straightening paintings or adjusting lights.
Jane was empowered by the art. This is what she was meant to do, and today she did her job with determination, doing everything over and over, until it was done to her satisfaction, and with the gallery closed she got everything she wanted accomplished.
By 5pm, Jane still had this good feeling going. She had worked up quite an appetite, and she wished to be outside and away from her house. She had dinner alone at the Love Shack in the Stockyards. The Stockyards were another fun tradition that defined Fort Worth. After eating all of her hamburger, Jane walked around. She took in the sights and sounds, passing shops, restaurants and shows, and looking at southwestern art. She loved Fort Worth and all its variety.
After dinner she decided to take a drive. She did have a new car after all. Jane hopped on Interstate 30 and drove east by Six Flags. Some of the rides were lit up at night, and she felt excited and energized from the cooler breezes of the evening.
By 10pm she had returned home. She turned into her driveway and sighed. She wasn't sure if she wanted to turn the car off, and go inside. Once she was inside she would know, and it would make or break her good feeling.
Jane took a breath, and turned the car off, pulling the key from the ignition.
Without another thought about it, she got out of her car, and went inside her house. She put her purse and keys on the round table, then turned on some lights. As soon as that was done she walked over to her answering machine. A quick glance confirmed her fears. Kanin had not called during the day. The red number showed 0, and there was no red, blinking light. The little voice was humming, but Jane let it go. She cleared her mind.
But dark doubts were pressing on her. She felt the smallest craving for the warm feeling. She found herself wanting it. It was hard to get past, and impossible to duplicate. Jane thought of past relationships, and the three day rule. It is commonly known that most men wait a minimum of three days before they call a woman when they say they will call. Jane sighed. All the games people play are so unnecessary, she thought.
Just like that she put these thoughts out of her mind. She took her evening shower, and got ready for bed. By 11pm she was under the covers, and had the lights turned off.
By Wednesday morning, she had grown doubtful. She woke to her neighbor revving his motorcycle. Jane hated this feeling. Why did it have to matter so much that he hadn't called? Not even one hundred hours had gone by since she saw him last, but it still bothered her. For Jane, time usually flew by. She always wished she had one more day at work, or another week to catch up on reading. But this week, this week was passing slowly. How odd, she thought that when you are waiting for something time barely moves. Seconds turn to minutes, then slowly into hours. Each day felt like an eternity to Jane. The harder she tried not to think of Kanin and the warm feeling, the more she found herself thinking of them.
She wished she could distance sex and love, and enjoy them separately or together, applying this rule to each individual situation. But one always went with the other for her. Jane remembered a time once in college where she completely forgot about a boy she was dating. She absolutely refused to call him. When the urge arose, Jane would count to five, and do something else. After two weeks the boy was a memory. When he finally did call, Jane felt nothing. By this point she had examined him, and their relationship without emotions clouding her judgment. She decided she would do this again, now, with Kanin, but how would she get past her need for the warm feeling? Jane was a survivor, but all of this need for Kanin was new. A man had never affected her like this in the past. Last weekend had been a departure from this prosaic side of herself, and Jane would again make herself lock her need for him away for good.
The one problem was Julian. Julian would be back on Monday. She was expecting to talk to him about all of this. She would have to face it again, and relive it once more. Jane did not relish the thought of talking about Sophie. Witch, she thought.
All of a sudden she felt angry with Julian. He had overstepped the line of friendship, putting his big toe in her personal territory by inviting her to the party. If he knew he was going to leave her there, he should have never invited her. Why did he? Jane thought, there must be another reason. It was because of him that Jane was suffering. If Julian had not invited her, then she wouldn't be feeling this low. She wouldn't be craving the warm feeling. She wouldn't be checking the phone every five minutes, and the gallery would still be a happy place.
Jane suddenly felt terrible. She put her hands on her face, and sighed, angry with herself.
“Grow up,” the little voice said.
Jane was and adult woman, who made her own choices. Look how far she had come on her own. She didn't need a man to be happy. She knew she would never marry, and never have children. She didn't need those things. She was bringing culture and vision to people everyday at the gallery.
Jane rose from her bed, and got ready for work. The week was almost half over. She needed to become strong again before Monday, and rid her body of the need for the warm feeling. She would have to work extra hard at getting rid of the image of Kanin, and the fire he had kindled within her. If he called her today, she would be weak. She would crumble like brown sugar between his fingers. By Monday she would have it together. The little voice was winning.



Chapter 14
Jane was getting into bed late Thursday night. It was around 10pm. The day had been terrible. Thunderstorms had blown through the area, and she wasn't prepared for them. She had not put an umbrella in her new car, had to park far away from the gallery, and spent the morning soaked and cold. The storms produced large heavy winds and rains. She recalled the tornado that hit downtown in 2000. This made Jane shiver. She did not want to live through that again. She recalled how frantic Julian was. He must have called her twenty times that day to be sure she was safe. “Do not worry about the gallery,” he had said, “I only concern myself with you,” he had told her.
By lunchtime the storms had passed, and were followed by north winds whipping everything around. Few visitors ventured out in this weather, and Jane found herself bored, and desperate for someone to talk to. She tried to call Samantha during the day, but only got her answering machine. She didn't even bother calling Julian. She was not prepared to talk to him, and knew he wouldn't answer his phone anyway.
She closed the gallery early, and headed home. The roads were still wet in spots, and she had to dodge tree limbs and other debris on the road. She was relieved there had been no hail with the storms. Both her car and Julian's were dent free for now.
Jane sighed hard, glad to be home. She ran a hot bath, and slid into her tub. The house was quiet and peaceful. Jane stayed in the bath a long time, soaking herself in warm water. She closed her eyes and tried to focus on the feeling of the bath. It was pleasant, and calm, unlike the water she was pelted with during the thunderstorm.
She did not allow herself to think of Kanin, the wild sex they had, or the warm feeling.
The voice said, “we'll deal with him when and if he calls.”
Jane concentrated on other things. All week she had worn different pieces of Margo's jewelry, and had to agree with Samantha. It was heavy.
Thirty minutes later Jane pulled the plug and dried herself off as the water swirled down the drain. She ate a light dinner, dried her hair, and got into bed. She checked the weather to see what was in store for her tomorrow. The forecast was warm and sunny with high winds. “Can't wait,” she said dropping the remote with a sigh.
At 10:30pm she turned out her light. She was tired, and very close to sleep when the phone rang. At first she was annoyed by this sound waking her up. Then she sat up, suddenly alert. Maybe it's Kanin, she thought. Jane hesitated, she reached her arm out and picked up the phone slowly. “Hello?” she said.
“Jane?”
Jane sighed, but not loud enough that Samantha could hear. “Hi, Sam,” Jane said.
“Oh, I didn't wake you up did I?” Samantha asked.
“No, no. I was awake.”
“I'm sorry sweetie, this is the first time I have sat down all day. It has been crazy, and that storm,” Samantha said with an exaggerated sigh.
“It was pretty intense,” Jane agreed.
“That is the only thing I hate about Texas weather. It's just nuts.”
“That it is,” Jane said. She put her hand over her mouth to cover a small yawn.
Samantha said, “is everything okay? I saw that you had called today.”
“Yeah, everything is fine. I just wanted to talk for a few minutes.”
Samantha said, “we can talk now, unless you want to go.”
Jane sat up, leaned over and turned the light on. With her free hand she turned her pillow longways, setting it against the headboard and leaned back. Jane said, “how is everything with you? What's been going on this week?”
“Nothing,” Samantha said. “The kids are driving me crazy. I spend all my time in the car, and they argue all day.”
“How is Pete?” Jane asked, after the dog.
“Uh,” Samantha sighed disgusted. “Kendall had fed him eggs we painted for Easter.”
“Yikes,” Jane said making a face.
“Yeah, and Bill just sat around watching him throw them up. The idiot didn't take Pete outside or clean anything up. He said the smell was making him sick. In his entire life he has only changed five diapers!”
Jane didn't say anything. At this moment she was happy she was single, child free, and pet free. “Sorry, Sam.”
Samantha growled. “Oh, don't worry about it. I need to stop thinking about it, or I'll get mad again. What's up with you? Have you heard from that guy?”
“I haven't heard from him, no.” Jane pursed her lips. She didn't say anything else.
“Oh,” Samantha said surprised. “Well what day is it?”
Jane could hear Samantha shifting the phone around. She figured Samantha was looking for the calendar on her cell phone.
“It's Thursday,” Samantha said. “Well honey, it's only been four days.”
“I know,” Jane said.
“Is he working or what?” Samantha asked.
“Sort of,” Jane said, thinking back to what Kanin had said. He was attending a 'gathering.'
“Well I wouldn't worry. He's probably busy. You know how men are. They can only concentrate on one thing at a time,” Samantha said.
Jane grinned, and shook her head.
“And of course once they see a boob, forget about it!”
Jane laughed out loud this time. She looked around her bedroom. A phone call from Samantha was just what she needed.
“No, but seriously,” Samantha started talking again, “Jane, the way you looked on Sunday, I would be surprised if that guy didn't call you again. I have never seen you look so happy. You were glowing.”
Jane smiled a small smile. She was glad to hear something positive said about Kanin, but didn't want to get her hopes up. She said nothing in response to this.
“He comes back tomorrow. Right?” Sam asked.
“Yes,” Jane said quietly.
“I bet he calls you. But make him work for it this time since you waited all week.”
“You are so bad.”
“Hey, take it from me. It will be better anyway. He will work harder to make up for it.”
Jane was laughing without making a sound. Her face was red with the very thought of Kanin working harder than he already did.
“Honey, I've got to go. I still need to put laundry away, and wash the dishes. Bill isn't even home yet. But call me this weekend. Let me know if he calls you?”
“I will. Thanks Sam,” Jane said.
“Of course. That's what I'm here for. Bye sugar.”
“Bye,” Jane said. She didn't move the phone until she heard Samantha hang up. Then she held the phone in front of her face, and pressed the talk button. She returned the mobile phone to it's base, and turned the lamp off.
Jane laid in bed and thought for a long time. The phone call had woken her up. Much to the frustration of the little voice, she let her mind replay the image of Kanin, naked, laying on top of her. The very thought of him inside her helped her grow sleepy again. It was strange how even now the warm feeling affected her. It was as if a tiny dose of it always stayed with her. Before long she was drowsy, and by the end of the hour she was asleep.



Chapter 15
It was 11am on Friday morning, and Jane was on her way to the gallery. It was one of those strange Texas days where the winds were wild, even in bright, hot sunlight. Jane parked her car, took her purse from the seat, and got out of her car. Her door slammed shut on it's own. Jane thought she might have to hold onto something, before reaching the entrance to the gallery.
She was still behind her campaign of getting rid of the memory of Kanin. It had been a full week, and he had not called. She had felt the effects much stronger with Kanin that any other man. Coming down from sex with Kanin was like a drug wearing off, and now she had gone through withdrawal. She felt foolish to think she would ever mean anything more to him than a good time. He was so handsome and worldly. He probably had a woman in every port, she thought, and clearly the car was some kind of remuneration. She felt silly for not having heeded Julian's warning the week before.
But Jane was happy, as happy as she could be, and ready to work. Fridays were always long days at the gallery. Tonight she would stay late, and she was pumping herself up for the day. Fridays were also exciting days too. The gallery would swell with all kinds of people. Jane loved to watch people look at the art. Women's reactions to Margo's jewelry was a source of entertainment for her. Everyone was individual, and visitors had new and interesting comments to make about the pieces. Fridays were also profitable for the gallery.
All of this knowledge was helping her feel better.
Jane went to her office, and busied herself. Then bloomed into a knowledgeable, happy person when visitors arrived. Before she knew it, it was 1pm. Jane had lunch with Margo at the cafe down the street. She gave Margo a check for the share of the jewelry sold. After lunch Jane walked Margo to her car, and then went back to the gallery.
By 6pm large groups were arriving. Everyone was crowding in to see Margo's work. This made her heart pound. There was music in the air, and she was loving it.
At 7:45pm she made a final pass around the gallery, her heels echoing in the hallways. She was checking the artwork, picking up trash and wrappers people left behind, and making lists of things that needed to be updated, or rewritten. Jane left her notes in her office, and turned everything off, and took out the trash. She was done. Done with this day. Done with this week. Jane had made it. She had survived.
At 8:15pm, Jane was ready to go. With a satisfied feeling, she left her office and headed for the double doors.
The winds had calmed down, and were pleasantly cool. Jane was getting close to her car when she had the urge to do something, something crazy and unlike herself. Something Samantha suggested once popped into her head. Samantha had joked they should try a new dance club that had opened downtown, and of course Jane had laughed it off, and said no. But tonight the thought of something mysterious and inappropriate propelled her forward, and just like that, without debating the little voice, she was in her car, on her way to the club.
Jane was craving another high like she had felt with Kanin. If she couldn't have him, then she would have to create her own high.
This was something she never did. Her decisions were always carefully thought out, but tonight she needed to do things differently.
Jane realized she was totally free. There was no reason to be upset. She could come and go like the wind. Unlike Samantha she wasn't tied to a home, to a family, or to a sick dog.
A tiny bit of her wanted those things. She had always desired love, but this need for the warm feeling was taking over, and Jane didn't want to fight it any longer. She realized the high could be found without having love.
She drove around until she found the club. She allowed herself to think of nothing as she drove. Tonight she wanted to do something wild, something unexpected. She felt repressed and restless, as if something were building in her. Jane wanted to move, and lose herself once more the way she had with Kanin.
Quickly, and without listening to the little voice, she parked, turned the car off, and took a ten dollar bill from her wallet. She popped the trunk, and put her purse inside. The only thing she took inside were her keys and the cash.
Jane was nervous. She could hear the music already. This sent her back a decade ago, making her relive times when Samantha had forced her from her dorm room, making her go out even though she didn't want to go. But tonight, she wanted this. She opened the door, and looked around the bar. It was dark, lights were flashing, and it was smoky. Jane paid the cover, and walked forward. She tried not to cough, or act old. A knot was forming in her stomach. She hesitated, not sure if she could go through with this.
The little voice was scolding her. Jane could remember the club feeling from the past. All the pretense, all the performing people did trying to be noticed, hoping to look sexy and somehow validate their existence. All the pent up sexual energy, and grinding as it was called, was usually too much for her.
Tonight however, she felt this need. With a deep breath, and the deafening music pounding the air, Jane silenced the voice, and walked in a straight line for the dance floor. She spied an opening through the moving bodies and smoke, and made her way over. She looked at the spot, imagining Kanin standing there, waiting. The song changed, and a repetitive, hypnotizing beat started to play.
Jane closed her eyes, and began to move. She didn't think of the people around her. She didn't care that the smoke was overwhelming, or that she was the only thirty something in the room. Before long she was lost. In the darkness she was dancing with an ardor she had felt the first time Kanin had touched her, and she was of course, thinking of him inside her.
Despite how much Jane disliked clubs, and games people played in them, she was a good dancer. She had a natural rhythm, and with no inhibitions to hold her back, she was freeing herself, and filling the need.
She thought of her first night with him and his hands on her legs sliding her skirt up. How forward he was with her. How he was strong enough to lift her off the chair, and carry her to the bed. She could feel his mouth on her neck, his hands on her breasts, and him beneath her. She could still hear him whispering to her as he touched her face. It was the feeling of pleasure Jane hungered for.
Before long a young man with a cowboy hat was dancing behind her. Jane could feel his hot breath on her neck. She knew he was right behind her. The man brazenly put his hands on her waist, and danced close to her, rubbing his body against hers. For now she allowed it. She was close and this was helping. The song had shifted and Jane was exhausting herself. The stress of her job melted away, life was intoxicating again, and somehow, in this moment, this made her feel closer to Kanin. She thought about his hands on her. Thinking about the night of wild sex when he called her name, and told her he knew what she needed.
Soon the song changed again. Jane slowed her body and stopped moving. She was breathing heavily and with the man's help, had reached her goal of release. The man behind Jane kept moving. Almost forgetting he was there, she turned to him, and blushed all of a sudden. There was the voice, reminding her she was thirty, and a respectable woman.
Jane laughed at the voice. It was all suddenly funny. The man with the cowboy hat stopped dancing and smiled a provocative smile at Jane. He leaned forward as if he were going to kiss her. She put her hand on his shoulder to stop him. With a grin, she playfully flicked his hat, and left.
Jane felt giddy. She was shaking all over. She held her hand over her mouth, until she reached her car, trying to hold her laughter back. She got her purse from the trunk, and got in the car tossing her purse on the seat next to her.
It wasn't until she had the car started and in gear, that she realized the man had followed her outside, and was knocking on the opposite window. Jane jumped and rolled the window down.
“Do you have to go?” he said.
Jane smiled. He was cute, but young. Too young for her.
“Yes,” Jane said.
“Can I call ya?”
This made her day. She felt a rush of blood in her hands and face. She smiled, and shook her head. “No,” she said. “Watch your feet.”
The man smiled, not surprised, and stepped back.
Just like that Jane drove away. She watched him grinning, shaking his head as she drove off.
On her drive home Jane's thoughts returned to Kanin. It was Friday, and she knew he was coming home. She tried acting like she didn't care. But she did, and this knowledge couldn't be overcome by dancing with strangers.
Jane pulled into her driveway, glad to be home. She smiled, locked her car up tight, and went inside. By this time it was getting late, and was pitch black outside. She walked around her house and turned on lights. She dropped her keys and purse in the usual place. She was still smiling. The exhaustion was soothing her mood, making her feel warm and good. She went into her bedroom. Something was flashing. It caught her eye. She turned, and was suddenly still. Her smile vanished, replaced by an increased heartbeat.
The light on her answering machine was blinking.
She felt sudden elation mixed with fear.
Slowly, she reached towards the machine. It could have been anyone. It was probably a message from Samantha. Jane took a breath, and pressed the button. The message proceeded as follows...
Jane, it's Kanin. Where are you? I have to see you. Meet me at the gallery. I'm waiting there.
Jane's face was pale. Her heart was pounding, and her palms were sweaty. She sat down on the bed and closed her eyes. She didn't know what to do.
“Just let him go,” the little voice said.
If she didn't go she would become strong again. She could distance herself from him and the warm feeling forever. But in her lifetime, she had never felt anything like she had felt with him. If she ran to him now, she would be happy, but for how long? So far this feeling had only been work to get past. Jane didn't want to end next Friday the same way as this week. But before the struggle was happiness. No. Before the struggle was bliss.
Jane stood up, and walked into the other room. She quickly had her keys and purse and was out the door. She dashed to her car. With a sudden desperation she found herself driving to the gallery, speeding up to make lights, and being careless with her new car. No matter.
She was almost there.
Jane took a left and was on the street that faced the gallery. She looked around in all directions, but didn't see Kanin. She looked for his Mercedes and didn't see it anywhere. Jane pulled into a spot on the street. She turned the car off, and slowly got out. She looked up and down the streets. It suddenly hit her that she was out, alone, late at night. The street was oddly quiet.
The cool hand of fear began to touch her, and the little voice was saying this was a mistake. Jane was just about to turn around and get in her car when she heard someone calling her name.
She turned around, and looked in all directions. She could see nothing, but darkened buildings and streetlamps.
A loud noise startled her. It sounded like something had fallen from the roof of a building and landed on the pavement. She turned around to see what it was. There was something in the distance. Jane squinted her eyes. Something was coming towards her. At first glance it looked like a man with a bald, white head, and then she looked again. It wasn't bald, but it was a man; it was Kanin. He was smiling and walking towards her quickly, with and anxiousness she could feel. Again he was dressed all in black, and tonight he had a black trench coat over his clothes. Jane watched his hair blowing in the breeze.
She swallowed, and balled her hands into fists. It was this moment she had been waiting for all her life. Love. She stood still, like a deer caught in headlights, waiting for him. Jane held her breath.
Kanin was only feet away. Then at once he was in front of her almost knocking her over. He bent down and hugged her, squeezing her, almost crushing her. She returned his hug and closed her eyes. She relaxed her fists. Whether it be for a day, a week or forever, she was going to stay with him.
Kanin bent down to kiss her. There was an urgency in his kiss, and Jane felt the fire returning. This was the kiss from last weekend, delivered with the same passionate ferocity she had felt before. The warm and dizzy feeling was returning. She kissed him back with all that was in her. In this moment, she was the happiest she had ever been in her life.
Several seconds later, they stopped kissing. Jane pulled away from him, staring at him with wonder. She couldn't understand how this man wanted her so much, more than anyone. It seemed like a miracle.
“You are coming home with me,” Kanin said.
Jane smiled.
The little voice was vexed. It protested, insisting that Jane slow down, and demand an explanation about the long week with no call. Jane deliberately ignored it. Adrenaline, euphoria and the strange effect Kanin's love had on her, had silenced the voice for now.
She handed him her key, and walked around to the passenger side door. In a flash of speed Kanin was behind her, opening the door for her. Jane smiled. She bent down and got in. She looked around her new car. This would be her first time as a passenger inside it.
Kanin was already on the other side, getting in the car, looking longingly at her. She was preparing to ask him about the phone call, and New York, and if he drove from his house, but before she could, he leaned over and kissed her again. The warm feeling took over, and made all her questions suddenly unnecessary, and she realized she didn't care how he got here. He was here, and that was all she cared about. He started the car, and quickly pulled onto the road. He took her hand and folded his fingers around hers, kissing the back of her hand, and before Jane knew it they were pulling into his driveway.



Chapter 16
Kanin and Jane were home. He parked her car in front of his house, and got out, moving quickly around the car to help Jane out. She smiled at him as he opened her door. She noticed the sky was clear, and the air crisp. At this moment, everything was good. Kanin put his hand down towards her face. She took his hand, gleaning all the warm feeling she could from him, and stood up. She threw her purse over her shoulder, and shut the door. Kanin handed her the car keys, and without letting go of his hand, she took the keys in her other hand, and managed to work them into her purse. Kanin led her to the front door.
The door opened on its own, the way it always seemed to, and Jane was surprised, and very disappointed to see Valerie standing there, smiling.
“Hi, Jane!” Valerie said with enthusiasm. Valerie was happy and excited when she spoke, but tonight Jane thought she was a little too excited.
“Hello, Valerie,” Jane said.
Jane's good feeling was shrinking, but she smiled, trying not to be annoyed. She didn't want either of them to see that she was unhappy about Valerie's presence. But it did bother her. She couldn't understand why Valerie would be here tonight. But she wasn't going to complain. Whatever she had to endure to get the warm feeling, she would endure, even if that meant Valerie being nearby.
Her thoughts were quickly interrupted by Kanin. He was saying something, and she hadn't heard him.
“Jane?” he was saying, leaning down.
A smile transformed her face.
“Let's go upstairs. I want to show you something,” he said.
Jane noticed Valerie was grinning from ear to ear, as if she knew some incredible secret about tonight.
Jane felt a mixture of wonder and concern. What could he have to show me? she thought. Perhaps he had bought her something in New York.
Without another word from Valerie, Kanin took Jane's hand, and led her to the staircase. As they climbed the stairs, Jane turned to see Valerie peeking around the corner like a playful child, watching them. She still smiled happily, but did not follow them.
Jane's mind raced trying to figure out what was so important and so exciting upstairs. She found herself hoping he hadn't bought her another expensive gift.
They had reached the top of the stairs. Jane followed Kanin down the hallway, towards the bedroom door she knew too well. With the simple turn of a knob they were in his bedroom. Jane looked around. It had been a week since she had been in this room. The warm dizzy feeling returned with a force, and she felt good from it. She closed her eyes, and breathed deeply taking in the feeling.
Jane opened her eyes and looked around the room, trying to find something new, something different in the room that Kanin wanted to show her. She thought he might want to have sex right away, but he was dressed, and was no longer standing by her.
He was across the room. Jane watched him, leaning her head and neck trying to see what he was doing. Before long he was returning to her, with something small in his hand. Jane was holding in a smile. She wanted to wait, and be genuinely surprised whatever it was.
Kanin positioned himself in front of her, and looked down at her. For a tiny moment she thought he might propose. But of course he wouldn't be doing that, we barely knew each other, she thought. He looked down at Jane. His face was serious, and almost tired as if darkened by memories.
Jane stopped squirming, and stood still, giving him her total attention.
He began to speak in a low, quiet tone. “I am old, Jane. I have lived a long time, seen and done things that have made me what I am. I'm not apologizing for anything, but it may cost me what I want now.”
She was struggling to concentrate on his words. Every bone in her body felt a proposal coming on. Jane was terrified that this is what it seemed. She was already thinking about what to say, and how to react, and praying she was wrong. But what if it was a proposal? She had thought about this moment many times in her life. She wanted to marry, and be happy like Samantha. She wanted more than paintings in her life. She wanted trips and romance in far away locales. She could have all of that with him. Kanin was looking at her directly in the eyes now. She made herself clear her mind, and listened to him.
“I love you, Jane. Let me take care of you. I want you to be with me, forever.”
Jane looked down as Kanin lifted his hand, fingers folded over something. He opened it, and there, on the center of his palm was a ring.
Jane's hand flew up and covered her mouth. She found herself shifting on her feet, trying to decide if she should pick the ring up. If she touched it, she might never put it down. Her heart fluttered. He was asking her to marry him. Jane looked up to see him watching her, waiting for her to take the ring.
Jane could feel her eyes burning. Of all the times she didn't want to cry, this was the one. She wanted to stay rational and level headed, and not lose herself in an emotional twister. But she couldn't help herself. Kanin, his house, his presence, all had such a powerful effect on her. Her eyes filled, and overflowed once sending tears down her cheeks. She had to touch the ring.
Slowly, and with the little voice squawking in her mind, she lifted her hand, and moved it forward. The ring sparkled as it waited for Jane to take it.
With a glance at Kanin, she took it and held it up. It was heavy and substantial. The style was an anniversary band that had white diamonds and pearls alternating along the top. Jane thought it was the most beautiful ring she had ever seen. She held it up towards the light, and turned it back and forth. She was stunned.
“I had it made for you in New York,” Kanin said.
No words were coming to Jane, but her brain was brimming with thoughts. Not looking at Kanin again, she moved into the room, and sat in the blue chair where her clothes had so often been folded.
As she looked at the ring, part of her wanted to blurt out yes. Another part of her wanted to dash out of the room. This was hard for her. She was prepared for an argument and then makeup sex, but not a marriage proposal. She could feel herself wanting this. Wanting to stay with Kanin, but she hardly knew him. He was so secretive and elusive. And Jane thought of last week. The tortured feeling she had making herself believe he didn't want her anymore.
Her time to decide had expired. Kanin had walked over to Jane, and was now kneeling in front of her, pressing her for an answer.
“Will you stay with me, Jane?”
She started to speak but stammered. She swallowed, and cleared her throat. “I can't,” she whispered. The moment the words left her mouth, she regretted them.
Jane wanted this.
She wanted to say yes, but could not do it. This was not how things were done in her life.
Jane was pounded by the awful silence that lingered between them. She could barely bring herself to look up at him. With courage, and the knowledge she was right in her answer she finally looked.
To say Kanin was upset, would be to say the sun was a hot star.
As Jane met his boiling stare, she saw fire behind his eyes. There was a palpable feeling of turmoil in his look that suddenly frightened her. It was now that Jane realized she did not know him at all.
They had spent two nights together, intertwined physically, but with no depth to what they had done. For all she knew this man could be a murderer.
Jane's frightened feeling was growing. Kanin had put his hands on the armrests of her chair and leaned close to her. The tense silence was turning into panic for her. It was as though she could feel him, deciding, choosing something at this moment. She feared he might do something violent to her.
Her alarm bells were going off. If Kanin was a psychopath, she needed to do something now to diffuse the situation. She had to say something. “I want to, but this is all happening too fast.”
Jane waited, holding her breath, praying this was enough for him. She stared at him, tortured by a fear that could be touched.
At long last, he looked away. He looked down, and put his foot on the floor, pushing himself into a standing position. He turned and walked away from Jane.
Jane sighed heavily, her body trembling. She closed her eyes. Her heart was racing, but she was still alive. “Maybe this ring can be a promise,” she said. “Let's spend more time together. I'm sorry, but this is so fast. I hardly know you.”
Kanin's angry expression had gone to her relief, but had mutated into something else, another expression she didn't like.
Jane didn't know what to do. She glanced at the open door. It was only a few feet away from her. If she had to, she could abandon her heels, and make a run for it.
But she pretended to be calm, and looked at Kanin. His expression had turned to one of pain. Jane suddenly felt guilty. She hated to know she was the cause of this sadness.
Kanin still had not spoken.
Jane said, “let's go for a walk. I want to know everything about you tonight.” She hoped this would make him speak to her. His silence was paralyzing. For now the warm feeling was gone. She felt nothing but cold remorse. She wrapped the ring up in her left hand, and waited. There was nothing else she could say or do.
Kanin did not move. He stood still, his mood serious. “Whatever happens tonight the ring is yours. It's my gift to you.”
Jane was startled by the sound of his voice. With sorrow she opened her hand and looked at the ring.
“I want to tell you something, Jane, but I'm afraid.”
She looked up. She closed the ring in her palm, and lifted her hand to her chest.
Kanin was standing sideways. Jane looked at his face, ready to hear anything he had to say.
“What do you believe in, Jane?”
“What do you mean?” she said quietly.
“Do you believe in life after death?”
Jane didn't understand this, but for his sake, she would go down this road with him. “I don't understand.”
“There are things in this world. Things humans can't understand, but they do exist. You told me once, I looked too young to be a widower.”
She thought back, and remembered the first night they were together.
Kanin said, “I want to tell you how my wife died.”
Jane sat silent, clutching the ring.
“I was born in Cologne, and lived there for thirty years. When I turned thirty seven, I left my family, and went to Barcelona. I was a lowly boot maker, and found work in Barcelona, so I stayed. That is where I met Marianna. She was only twenty two. She was a dark beauty. The daughter of a poor farmer. He was happy to marry her off to me for a cow and some pigs. For three years, Marianna and I were married. We loved each other. One day a man came into our village. There was talk of a disease that was killing people in the south. People were dying in three days, their bodies covered in black spots. Marianna was seven months pregnant with our first child, when she found a bump on her leg. It looked like an egg. We didn't know what it was. Four days later she was dead and covered in sores. Her death was horrible. Blood ran from her mouth, everywhere. I watched her suffer, and I couldn't do anything for her.” Kanin paused, closed his eyes, and composed himself. “As I was burying her I found a lump on my arm that looked like hers. I knew I was going to die, Jane. I should have died, but I was determined to bury her first. I couldn't think of her body rotting on a mass grave.”
This was sounding familiar to Jane. Her mind ran to an allegory she had heard of from the middle ages. It was called The Dance of Death, and spoke of skeletons, that represented all walks of life coming together to dance on top of graves. This story was associated with the black plague. It sounded as if he was telling her, his wife died from the pestilence that killed millions over six hundred years ago.
Jane was getting a dire feeling in the pit of her stomach. She realized now that Kanin, as beautiful as he was, did have a defect. He was mad. Her eyes filled with tears, she knew now they could never be together.
“It was pitch black outside. As I dug up the ground a man approached. He asked me if I wanted to die with Marianna, or if I wanted to live. I wanted to live, Jane. How the man meant I didn't know. The man bit me, then bit himself. As I drank his blood, he told me to stay out of the sunlight. It was death for the dead. For a short time I slept. Soon I awoke on a pile of fresh bodies, but I had no sores. I was alive. I was more than alive. I was a god.” Kanin turned and faced her.
Jane turned ashen. She looked at him but said nothing. She was starting to fear for her life. She glanced left at the door. It was only a few feet away.
“Jane,” he said, “I am the oldest living vampire on the planet. I have walked the earth for six hundred and sixty nine years. I am asking you to become a vampire, and live with me until the end of time.”
The hairs on her neck were at full attention. She started to push herself up, out of the chair. Clearing the chair, she rounded it, and slowly backed up until her back touched the wall, her hand still crushing the ring against her chest.
“Don't be afraid,” he hissed.
Jane watched, wide-eyed, as Kanin's eyes changed from blue to solid black orbs. Nails were growing from his fingertips, and fangs from his mouth. His skin seemed to harden and fade to total white, and the hair on his head disappeared. Jane could hear something ripping. In the space of a second, massive black wings burst through the back of his shirt, filling a good portion of the room.
If Jane had wanted to scream, she would have been unable to. All the breath in her body had been sucked out of her. It was now she forgot the ring enclosed in her hand. Her arm was already sliding down, her fingers opening, dropping the ring. She didn't even realize it had hit the floor.
Jane was able to stay conscious a few seconds more until this horrible image, this fiendish nightmare, began to reverse into the man she knew. Her eyes fluttered closed, and her body became lifeless and began to fall sideways to the floor in unconsciousness.



Chapter 17
Jane could feel a cool breath on her face. She opened her eyes. Kanin was leaning over her, whispering her name, with an excruciating look on his face. She felt sad for him. The man she loved had never looked so tormented as now. She reached up, and took his hand. This seemed to puzzle him, and give him the slightest tinge of hope that registered in his blue eyes. Jane was facing the ceiling, and was confused by this. The last thoughts she had she knew she was sitting down for. So now why was she facing the ceiling?
Jane sat up slowly. Her face hung in a chaotic expression. She knew something, but couldn't remember. The pieces were forming. It was only a matter of time.
She scanned the room looking for clues. Something on the floor caught the light. Jane scooted down, and off the bed. She let go of his hand. She bent over to see what it was. It was a ring. Jane smiled and stretched her hand forward. It was beautiful, but why was it on the floor? For some reason she stopped her hand, and wouldn't pick it up. As beautiful as it was, it scared her but she didn't know why. Jane stood up and looked to her right. She saw the tapestry. Her eyes moved right along the picture stopping on a white, man-like thing. Jane focused on it, and the last piece fell in place.
Her eyes grew wide and she screamed.
In haste she scanned the room, backing up slowly. Where had it gone, the creature, where was it hidden? This cave had always given her a strange feeling, but now she could suddenly feel the presence of evil around her. The sweet stench of rotten flesh filled the room. The shadows in the corners of the room twisted and shifted with life. This made her skin crawl, and her heart hammer.
Jane was hyperventilating. It had to be here. The horrible demon with black eyes. It could not have escaped. Her eyes searched everywhere. For a moment they settled on Kanin. She was suddenly afraid for him.
They were both in danger, and Jane didn't know what to do. She had the urge to run to him, begging him to flee with her before the thing returned.
As Jane walked towards him, a darkness filled her.
The little voice was shrieking, “It's him! It's him!”
And then it all became clear. The artifacts, the tapestry, Jane looked up, horror struck, Kanin was the creature.
Jane shook her head slowly. She didn't want to believe it. She backed up from him too quickly and tripped on her heel. She fell backwards but quickly looked towards the bed.
Kanin was rising, wanting to help her.
“Stay away from me!” she screamed.
Without blinking, or breathing, or saying another word she shot up, one heel gone, and ran for the door.
The voice had no advice for her now. It was too frightened. Jane was acting on pure adrenaline. She had one focus, one goal, to run away as fast as she could. She was halfway down the hall when she heard Kanin call her name. He was following her. She didn't look back. She made the landing of the stairs.
To her surprise she heard a high pitched voice call her name. She looked down, and there was a face she knew. A sweet face, she could not place at the moment. She followed this girl's eyes, which seemed to start at the bedroom door she had just fled, that quickly shot to where she was standing. Jane turned. Kanin was face to face with her. Jane screamed. She felt her foot twist. Her last remaining heel dug into the carpet, and in an effort to get away from him she fell backwards, freeing her foot from the shoe, but falling over the landing. She was falling to her death.
She screamed. She covered her eyes with her arms, and tensed for the fall. She tasted bile burning her throat. Any second now she would be crushed by the dark, cold floor. She continued to scream, knowing the floor was rising to meet her, to obliterate her body. This moment never came.
Seconds later, shaking and crying, Jane moved her hands to find herself in Kanin's arms. The voice thanked God for them! She felt faint and vaguely sick. The blackness swooped again, but she fought it off this time, and some how managed to stand, staying conscious, as he set her on the floor.
She shoved him away with both hands. “Don't touch me!” she cried. She moved away from him confused, confused by him, confused by the room, trying to figure out what just happened.
Jane burst into tears. She didn't know which was worse, not understanding what was happening to her, or trying to cope with the image she had seen upstairs. She backed away from Kanin, but this time not from fear. Simple desperation to understand everything going on had finally broken her down.
Jane sobbed. She heard herself screaming out for God as she held her head in her hands, but this wasn't helping. She felt a hand on her head and looked up to see him touching her. Afraid, Jane began to push herself backwards on the floor, away from him. Kanin did not follow her. He had a look of despair on his face, but Jane didn't care. The more room between herself and him was all she craved now.
After a time her sobs started to slow. With all the energy she could muster she managed to stand.
Valerie was saying something. Jane looked at her. Valerie had her hands up. Her eyes were wide, she seemed to be pleading with her. “Jane, it's okay. No one is going to hurt you.”
“Are you one too?” Jane whispered quietly.
“What? NO!” Valerie yelled. “Jane, I promise no one will hurt you. Everything is going to be all right. Take my hand,” Valerie said desperately.
Jane looked at Kanin. He was standing in the same spot as before. She looked back at Valerie. Valerie smiled and held her hand up. Jane shook her head slowly. “I want to go home,” she said through quiet tears.
Valerie unsure what to do looked at Kanin bewildered.
“Let her go,” he said.
Things were starting to make sense again to Jane. With quiet tears streaming down her face, she looked back and forth between the two of them. For a moment she let her eyes rest on Kanin. She couldn't fathom how someone so beautiful had such a hideous creature locked inside. And that wasn't the worst part. She loved him. It was breaking her heart to know he was a monster. She looked at him with desperation. Even now a part of her still wanted him. How could you do this to me? she thought. But Jane didn't dare speak this out loud. She was terrified.
She felt powerless and wretched. Shoeless, she started to walk in the direction of the front door. A part of her mind still knew where it was. Kanin turned towards her, pleading with her to rest and be still.
Jane shook her head, and raised her hand, pointing at him. “Stay away from me,” she whispered through gritted teeth.
Valerie was looking anxiously between them. “What should I do?” she asked Kanin.
Kanin said, “Get her purse, it's upstairs.”
Valerie glanced at Jane, then quickly ran for the stairs. She climbed them two by two flying around the turn at the top, an ran down the hall.
Jane waited, never taking her eyes off of Kanin, listening for Valerie. She was relieved to hear Valerie's feet thud as she ran back down the hall, and down the stairs.
When Valerie reached the bottom she stopped. With a glance at Kanin she walked forward slowly. When Valerie was a few feet from Jane she stopped, and raised her bag in the air.
Jane wasn't sure if they were toying with her now or not, but she leaned forward and took her purse.
Without a word Jane moved for the door. She glanced backwards but never took her eyes off of the pair. She went down the short path, and then backed up the distance of the hall. Without looking, she felt behind herself for the knob. Finding it she turned the knob and opened the door. At this point Jane turned around and dashed for her car. She could feel rocks ripping at her feet, but she didn't care about the pain.
In a frenzy she dug for her keys. Keys in hand she pressed the button and unlocked the car. She could hear the gate already opening at the end of the lot, and Jane had hope for a moment that she just might get away.
She leaped into the car, and scrambled to get the key in the ignition. The car blazed to life, and Jane was quickly moving away from the house. She was almost gone. She slowed the car just enough to barely make the left turn onto the intersecting street, screeching her tires as she drove away.
She drove in a panic. She didn't look to see how fast she was going, all she wanted was to go home. The car flew down the road, barely staying in its lane. If this long road had not been mostly straight, Jane would have driven off of it.
She sat erect in her seat, staring forward, arms totally locked on the wheel. She seemed to be calming down, aware that she was away from the house. But she continued to blaze down the road.
Her senses returning, she looked in her review mirror to see if she was being followed, but she saw nothing. It was pitch black outside. There were no headlights, no people, nothing alive. Jane continued to stare in the mirror watching, waiting, when suddenly she saw something in the road ahead. The headlights caught the eyes of something. The eyes glowed back in the dark. This image made sense. Jane screamed and hit the brake with both feet. A deer had wandered out into the street. Jane swerved, twisting the wheel as hard as she could, sending her car into a long spin. She screamed and let go of the wheel, covering her face with her hands. After several seconds the car stopped. When she found the courage, she looked up, and around, amazed. She hadn't crashed, she will still alive, and so was the deer. Her car was pointing in the direction she just came from, and the deer was standing in the road, unharmed.
Jane moved the hair from her eyes, and looked at the deer. It looked back at Jane totally unafraid, chewing something in its mouth, unaware of the accident it almost caused. Jane began to cry softly. Her world was crumbling around her. She put her hands on the steering wheel, and lowered her shoulders, shaking now from several gut wrenching sobs. Jane cried as hard as she had ever cried in her life.
What do I have to live for now? she thought, nothing. She managed to look up. Through her tears she saw the deer was still there, watching her. Its body suddenly tensed, and it bolted across the road, disappearing in the brush.
She was terrified again.
“Go!” The little voice screamed.
Something was outside. Jane knew the monster was coming for her. It had scared the deer, and now it was after her. She could feel it. She stopped crying and pushed on the gas. She turned the car and started down the street.
Jane held it together as best as she could. She constantly checked the rear-view mirror but saw nothing. She sat hunched over the steering wheel, determined to live. She drove this way until she was home.
Jane turned, barely making her driveway, threw the car in park, and took the key from the ignition. She snatched her bag from the seat next to her.
As fast as her bare feet could move, she ran for her door. She was inside in seconds. She slammed the door and locked it. She dropped her bag on the floor, then backed up, watching the door, glancing around at windows. She backed up until her back felt the turn to her bedrooms. Jane turned and ran for her bedroom door. She slammed the door behind her, and ran to a corner. She wanted to get up and turn on a light, but she was afraid.
She quickly collapsed in a corner, and held her breath. She did this over and over for several minutes until she fell asleep.
The night was long for Jane. She woke over and over, moving around her darkened room, always returning to the corner.
She dreamed that Kanin was coming for her. He and Valerie would kill her now that she knew their secret.
Jane sobbed for a few waking moments then fell back to sleep. Every time she woke she would cry softly again. Sometimes she would awake from a nightmare and scream out into the darkness.
Finally, in an act of mercy she stopped waking. If she dreamed she could no longer remember it. Jane had physically and mentally exhausted herself. She slumped in the corner, hands limp on the floor, finally asleep, finally at peace.



Chapter 18
Jane woke with a terrible pain in her neck. Rubbing her neck with the palm of her hand, she opened her eyes, and looked around the room. Her phone was ringing. She looked down to find she was sitting in the corner of her room, next to her bed, still fully dressed. In her other hand she held a silver necklace. She lifted it up, and watched as a silver cross dangled back and forth, and then she remembered. She sighed. “What a horrible night,” she said. It was all coming back to her now. The car, the deer, and Kanin's black, dead eyes. She was sure she would never forget those eyes for the rest of her life.
Jane had never enjoyed vampiric lore, and of course she never believed it. She had seen countless movies over the years depicting their exploits, and she always found their ghastly forms repulsive. To her they were living death. Heartless, bloodless, soulless monsters that preyed on humans, and now she was in love with one. Jane thought of Kanin. He was so handsome, so human, and he loved her. She still couldn't believe it was true. “It didn't really happen,” she whispered. Last night seemed like a horrifying nightmare. “How can there be a secret world of vampires living around us?” she whispered.
The little voice had been holding back. But it finally spoke, and said, “that doesn't matter now. Now you know they exist. What are you going to do?”
Jane had no answer for the voice. She was frightened enough by the question.
She looked up. Sunshine was spilling through cracks in the blinds covering the window. Jane stretched out her legs. Her body felt as if it had been through a boxing match, and she had a dull headache growing. She stood up, cringing as her feet touched the floor. She lifted her right foot. It had several small dried blood stains on it. Jane sighed. Slowly, she turned around, and pulled the cord down, lifting the blinds. The sun shone in and hit her full in the face. At first Jane squinted at this assault, then relaxed. She turned away from the sun, but let it shine on her back and neck. She was already warming up from it's heat. This was making her feel better. The sun was giving her hope.
It had occurred to her several times during the night when she was desperate to comfort herself that if Kanin really wanted her dead she would be. He could have let her die from the fall. She could see his eyes in her mind, churning with anger. He was deciding, she thought, shivering. But he didn't kill me. He could have attacked her in the bedroom. He had many chances, and used none of them.
The image of an angry vampire mob was waning too. In the bright light of day everything seemed better. Her only problem now was that she knew Kanin's terrible secret. She didn't know what to do with this knowledge. Part of her didn't believe it was true. Jane doubted her sanity. I should call the police, she thought. “But what could they do?” she said. If she told the police they would probably arrest her. Samantha would think she was mad, and a priest would only pray for her. How am I going to live knowing he's a vampire? she thought, he knows I know.
Jane couldn't think about this right now. It was too frightening. She walked slowly around her bed, and into her bathroom. She flipped on the light, then stood in front of the sink. Looked up at herself. She looked dreadful. Her eyes were puffy with heavy bags under them. Her face was stained reddish white from all the tears she cried overnight, but for now she was all cried out. She felt a dullness, as if she had survived a storm, and now had to move on in the wreckage.
There was no way Jane was going to work today, tomorrow or anytime soon. For now she was afraid to leave the house. With vampires roaming around, she decided she was safer at home. If they kill me, they'll have to do it here, she thought. She dug through her makeup bag and fished out a bottle of pain medicine. She dumped two pills onto her palm, put them in her mouth, then filled her hand with water. She drank the water from her hand, and swallowed the pills.
Jane suddenly thought of Julian. She wondered if he knew about Kanin. She was suddenly frightened for him, and his life. She didn't know what to do about this. She wanted to cry again, but stayed calm.
The little voice said, “Kanin is here, and Julian is in New York. He is safe there.”
I have to warn him tomorrow, she thought.
What Jane needed was a distraction. Not to mention some food. Her insides burned with acidity. She put her hand on her stomach, and flipped off the bathroom light, and headed into the kitchen. Jane opened the fridge, and sighed. Her provisions were low again. She debated several things, but couldn't decide. She closed the fridge door, and walked over to the pantry, and opened the door. The pantry was almost empty, but she needed to eat.
She spied the jar of peanut butter. She grabbed it. She got the loaf of bread as well. It was almost empty. She carried them both to a counter, and set them down. Now she was after a plate and knife. She retrieved those from different cabinets and made herself a sandwich. She ate without movement. She stared blankly at nothing. The house was quiet and peaceful. The only noise came from her own movements.
Jane finished her sandwich and got a glass from the cabinet above. She filled it with water from the faucet and drank it all. Jane was still hungry. She looked around and saw bananas, sitting in a bowl on top of her microwave. She walked over and grabbed one. The bananas were turning black, and were slightly squishy in her hand. She didn't care. She didn't even notice. She had the banana peeled in no time, and quickly ate it.
After the banana was gone, Jane got another glass of water and drank it all. She sighed, and put the glass on the counter. Like a robot she replaced the lid to the peanut butter jar, and twisted the bag of bread closed with the tie, and replaced them to the pantry. With every motion, she thought of nothing but Kanin. His black dead eyes followed her through the house. It didn't happen, she thought. Must have been a trick.
She walked back over to the sink, and opened the dishwasher door. She slid the white rack out and put her dishes in, closed the rack and closed the door up again. Jane washed her hands, then dried them with a towel. She turned, and leaned against the counter.
Jane knew for this day to pass she would have to stay busy. Suddenly the phone rang. Her heart leapt into her throat. What if it is Kanin? she thought. She backed away from the phone. She thought her heart might burst through her chest, it was pounding so hard. Jane held her breath, and waited for the phone to stop ringing. After four rings it stopped.
Jane leaned her head back and began to calm down. She found herself thinking about vampires and rules. Some movies showed them walking around in sunlight. Other movies dictated that they couldn't. She thought of how Kanin never walked into the sunlight. He said he was stuck inside all day. Jane remembered how he put on sunglasses last weekend before he opened his garage door. Maybe he can't go into the sun, she thought. “It wasn't real,” she said, “they don't exist. It was a hallucination.”
Just do laundry, she told herself, there is always laundry. She started for her bedroom. She went through to the bathroom and grabbed the dirty clothes hamper. She hefted it up, and went through her bedroom again, and around the left to the kitchen. She set the basket on the floor in front of the pantry door. To the right of the pantry door was another door that housed a stack-able washer/dryer unit. She opened this door, and then the lid to the washer. The washer sat on the bottom with the dryer connected on top. She turned a dial and cold water began to fill the tub.
First she would do a load of light colors. When the washer was full, she closed the lid. She peeled off dirty clothes from her body and dropped them one by one into the basket below. When she was totally naked she headed for her bedroom, and had to dash for the bathroom forgetting that her blinds were still up. Jane quickly closed the bathroom door and sighed, irritated with herself.
Next was a shower. She didn't bother to look at herself in the mirror. She opened the shower door, and stepped inside. She quickly moved aside as a blast of cold water hit the wall, then moved into the water once she saw steam rising.
Jane closed her eyes, and bent her neck in the water's path. There were Kanin's black, dead eyes. She remembered the fear from the night before. His fangs, his nails, and the wings. It was now she began to cry again. “It was a hallucination,” she sobbed. “It wasn't real. It wasn't real.”
The little voice said, “They drugged you.”
Jane's lip trembled. “But I didn't take anything,” she whispered.
“Yes,” the little voice protested. “The feeling.”
She thought of the warm feeling. It was a drug. High on the warm feeling she did things she would never do. “It was a dream,” she told herself.
The little voice insisted “No, it was real!”
Jane cried quietly in the shower. Her body sank down to the floor. She trembled under the hot water, the way she had last night in his presence. She stayed this way for several minutes with her hands pressed over her face. It wasn't until her skin was pruning that she turned the water off. She calmed down, and wiped her face with her towel. She stood in the steam from the shower several minutes, lost in thought.
He didn't turn me, she thought to herself. She could see Kanin's human form in her mind. “I'm still human,” she told the little voice, “I'm still me.” She tried to empty her mind. She ran her fingers through her hair, over and over. She dried herself off, then wiped off the floor with her towel. She left it on the floor as a reminder to wash it.
Jane walked over to the mirror and looked at her face. Her skin looked pink and healthy. The bags under her eyes remained, however; and she would have to take a nap today. This would be good. It would waste more time, she thought. She dug for the comb in her makeup bag and combed her hair. Mechanically, she put on face lotion, brushed her teeth, slid deodorant under her arms, and put lotion on her body. Then she put on her robe.
Jane left the bathroom, and the steam from the shower escaped with her. She walked around the bed, and closed the blinds. The room grew slightly darker, but was still very bright from the sun. She looked at her clock. It was already 2:20pm. She retrieved the towel from the floor of the bathroom, walked back to the kitchen, and dropped it on top of the pile of dirty clothes waiting to be washed.
She headed for the smaller second bedroom in her house, and flipped on the light switch. Today was all about comfort. This helped her decide what to wear. She put on panties, and a bra. Then found her favorite gray sweats, and put them on. Then Jane found a soft white t-shirt and put that on as well.
She was on her way back to her bathroom to dry her hair. Drying the thick curls on her head would take some time. She closed her eyes, and dried her hair. There were his eyes tormenting her.
“How could you not have realized what he was?” The little voice asked. “All the signs were there.”
Jane did not answer the voice. How could I? she thought, because I'm in love. Her heart was led by love not reason. This made her blind to what was right in front of her. With each moment that passed a little more of her sanity was eaten away by the little voice. With every memory of his face that came her happiness crumbled like shattered rock into dust. Her lip trembled. How could I not see it? she thought. The cups filled with red fluid at the party appeared in her mind. The artifacts, and the tapestry. She remembered in movies how vampires had the ability to influence people. She was influenced by Kanin. All the sex they had. She never moved that fast with a man. There was evil in the world, and she knew about it. At the moment this evil was interested in her. This unwanted knowledge sparked a fear in her heart that she could do nothing with, and yet she still longed for him.
“Tick tock,” the little voice said. “It's already afternoon.”
Jane looked at herself in the mirror. “Stop,” she begged the voice.
Her only answer was to throw herself into more mindless work.
When she was done with her hair she went to her computer.
She turned it on and waited for it to be ready. When the Windows song hummed hello Jane got busy. She checked the gallery's web page. It was unchanged. Jane clicked around to see if everything was working, and it was. She checked her email. She had a note from Samantha. She doubled clicked the email, and read...
Jane. Can't stop thinking about the other night. I hope you are with him having fun! Call me soon. Bye.
Sam
She smiled to herself. “If only Sam had been there last night,” she said.
“You would both be dead,” the voice said.
She closed her email. She stared at the computer screen for several minutes, hardly blinking. If only she had some work here from her office she would be busier than a bee, and would have no trouble finding something to do.
Jane went back to the laundry, and put the wet, clean clothes in the dryer. She then got another load started. She was able to fit everything in the washer.
Finally she stopped, and looked around her house. She could hear people outside talking and laughing next door. She heard the hum of lawnmowers, and children laughing. This gave her a good feeling. Human people were alive around here. Everything is going to be all right, she thought.
“No, it's not,” the little voice said. “He's a vampire, and he will come.”
“Enough,” she whispered.
Jane couldn't deal with the voice any longer. She was growing sleepy. She heard the dryer buzz. In a haze she put her clothes away, then started a new load in the dryer. Jane heard her phone ringing again, and again she didn't answer it. Whoever it was, wasn't going to talk to her today. She ignored the phone, and quickly forgot about it after it stopped making noise.
She returned to her bedroom and laid down on the bed. Jane looked at the clock. It read 5:45pm. She covered herself with the sheet, and hugged her pillow. She thought of better times with Kanin before he revealed his secret, and let her mind linger on those thoughts. The sweet kisses, the new car, the ring he had bought for her in New York. Her life certainly wasn't boring anymore, and the events were almost too much to contemplate. She had always wanted love, but with a man, not a monster. She thought on this a long time, until she couldn't keep her eyes open. Jane drifted off to sleep, and slept soundly for a few hours.



Chapter 19
Jane woke up with a bad taste in her mouth. She sat up on her elbows and surveyed the room. There was a little sunshine left, but the sun had began it's descent. The realization that it was almost nighttime sent a spark of fear through Jane. She sat up, suddenly alert, and thought of what she should do. “Nothing, there is nothing to do,” she mumbled. She had put off thinking about nighttime for a reason. Now she was out of time. She thought for a moment. She wasn't leaving the house. She wasn't going out for anything. And she wasn't going to see Kanin again. If he wanted her, he would have to find her.
A prickly feeling poked her as she stood up and straightened the bed. Jane turned on the two lamps in her bedroom. She turned on her bathroom light, even though she wasn't going in there. She preceded to walk around her house and turn on a light in every room. This made her feel the tiniest bit better. She felt hungry again. This was just annoying to her. She walked into the kitchen, then realized she didn't want any of the food in her house. She was used to eating out. The thought of another peanut butter sandwich made her gag inwardly, and she didn't want to cook right now.
This indecision was causing her to lose her bearings. She didn't know what she wanted, she didn't want to decide on anything, she just wanted to hide in her house forever. She made herself calm down. Kanin didn't know where she lived. She was safe here. Jane breathed. She looked around the room and at her fridge. There was an ad for pizza. Jane decided to order one. All she had to do was open the door, pay, and say thanks. She decided she could handle that.
She picked up the phone in the kitchen and looked on the fridge for the number to Domino's. She dialed, and waited. “Delivery,” she said. She cleared her throat. I can do this, she thought. Jane ordered a pizza, then hung up the phone, and found her purse. She found a twenty out of her wallet, and put it on the mantle of the fireplace by the front door.
What to do next? she thought. She got out a glass and filled it with water, and carried it to the table in the next room. She pulled a drawer open, and set a stack of napkins on the table. Then she looked around.
She remembered the second load of laundry, and went back to the kitchen. She got the clothes out of the dryer, and closed the door. Jane dumped the laundry on her bed. She quickly had it sorted, and put away.
She sighed. She went to the bathroom. As she washed her hands she looked herself over, deciding she looked good enough to answer the door for the pizza man. She still had a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach. She was worried about the night. She just remembered things Kanin had said and done. He didn't walk into the sunlight when she left Saturday, and Saturday night he told her he had been stuck inside all day. It was so obvious, she thought. Nighttime would be a different world for her now. A time for secrets and monsters. She looked at the clock. It was almost 9pm. The sun was gone, and it was now dark outside.
Anxiously, she returned to her dining room table and waited. She hopped up and turned on a porch light for the pizza man. Then she sat back down. Her heart was pounding and her pulse was racing. This bothered her. She tried to remain calm. She crossed her legs, and strummed her nails over the table.
Jane took a deep breath and tried to relax. She hummed a nameless tune, and tried to distract herself by examining the Dali painting across from her. Jane looked at the two figures. From this distance the figures looked human, but Jane knew they were made up of different things. She looked at the starving dog, and the chess board. The sinking figure made her feel sad. She felt as if she were sinking as well. As she studied the painting she began to relax. Jane had read many interpretations of this painting, along with Dali's original intention.
To her it was like the yin and yang. For hope there was agony, some people win in life while others struggle, and of course life and death. From death, life emerges new. The cycle of everything balances the equation.
And of course she could not think of this painting without thinking of the story Metamorphoses by Ovid, and the story of Narcissus. Narcissus was a handsome man who was to proud to love any of his lovers in return. Several of his lovers suffered because of this. Jane thought of Echo, and how the word echo comes from the woman destroyed by Narcissus. Echo was so obliterated by Narcissus' rejection that she wasted away to a mere echo. And Jane thought of another of Narcissus' lovers, and her pain, the pain that caused Narcissus' downfall. This angry lover called upon the goddess vengeance, begging her to make Narcissus fall in love with his reflection. One day at a pond Narcissus knelt down for a drink, and saw himself for the first time. He fell in love with his own image. Over time Narcissus realized he could never love himself, and died from despair. His body vanished and all that was found in its place was the yellow and white Narcissus flower. Jane was now very calm. She had totally forgotten about the pizza, and jumped in her chair when a knock came on the door.
With a deep breath, Jane got up, and walked over to the door. She grabbed the twenty, and reached for the knob. She turned the knob and stepped back opening the door. She smiled, and looked up, expecting to see a man with a box in his hand. That man hadn't arrived yet. She found herself looking into familiar blue eyes.
“Hello, Jane,” Kanin said.
Jane screamed and slammed the door shut.
She heard Kanin sigh heavily on the other side of the door. She could hear him say, “Is this how it will be between us now, Jane? Are we strangers again?”
Her hands were shaking. Her heart was racing. She felt as if she were freezing all over and stood with her back against the door. “Just leave me alone,” she whispered.
Kanin said, “I can't do that, Jane.”
She jumped, and moved away from the door.
“I'm not leaving until you talk to me,” he said.
She stood still, trying to slow her breathing. She took a breath, counted to five and let it out. She counted to five again, and then again.
“That's good Jane,” the muffled voice said. “Just calm down.”
Now Jane was irritated. She suffered all day. It bothered her that he knew what she was doing. All these special powers he had were getting to her. It suddenly occurred to her that he had possessed these powers the entire time! Every time they had slept together, sat together, he knew if she was nervous, excited, or relaxed. Jane huffed. He had been cheating. Her fear was quickly being replaced with anger. Now all she needed was courage.
“Looks like your dinner's here,” the voice said.
Jane's eyes grew wide. “The driver,” she said. Afraid or not she had to answer the door now.
She walked over to the door. She took a breath, and grabbed the knob. She opened the door, and again saw Kanin standing there, waiting for her. She looked him squarely in the eye. His eyes pierced her. Jane felt weak, as though he could see right through her. How could this heavenly looking man have such a monster inside him? she thought. She was frightened by him now that she knew what he was, but she was in love with him. That made it hard for her to reason with herself.
Her heart raced again, and she wanted to slam the door in his face, but she made herself stand still and return his look. It was now she realized he had something in his right hand. Something familiar. It was her heels. A car door, and a movement behind him caught her eye. She glanced around Kanin, to her right. A chubby man, with pimples and a hat was heading for the door holding a white pizza box in his hand. He whistled happily, not looking up. Jane rubbed her fingers together, and realized she had dropped the twenty dollar bill.
Kanin watched her, puzzled, as she turned around and scoured the floor.
Jane saw the twenty, and yanked it off the floor. “Shit,” she sighed, and rolled her eyes. As she stood up, she straightened her shirt, then turned around, and returned to the door. The two men were watching her. It was hard for her not to feel stupid at this point, but what did it matter. She returned to the doorway, and shot Kanin an angry glare.
“Do you mind?” she said waiting for him to move out of the way.
“Are you going to talk to me, Jane?”
She didn't answer him. She briefly looked at the pizza man. What the hell took so long? she thought. Without looking at Kanin she stuck her arm between him and the doorway, handing the pizza man the twenty.
“Keep the change,” Jane said quickly.
“Is everything okay?” the man said, eyeing the two of them.
Kanin quickly looked down at the man. The man didn't move. He stared back at Kanin with an intensity that frightened her. It made her think of alien abduction stories where people had described being frozen in place, unable to move.
Kanin took the box from the man, never shifting his eyes, and said, “Everything is fine, you're finished here.”
Jane noticed the man never blinked, nor did he move. She swallowed hard knowing this man wasn't dealing with just anyone.
The pizza man murmured in a mechanical tone, “Yes.”
Kanin continued to hold the man's gaze.
The man lingered a second longer, then turned around, as if following orders. He did not scream, or run, he simply walked to his car, got in and drove away.
Jane watched this scene, with a silent fearful stare.
Kanin relaxed and turned to face her.
For a second she was afraid to look at Kanin, fearing his eyes would be black. She could not handle seeing his eyes that way right now, but she balled her hands into fists, and made herself look, trying to stay calm and not over-react. She was trembling. She was still angry with him, but realized how dangerous he really was. She didn't want to make him angry, and somehow he knew where she lived. This thought scared her. She had no place to hide.
Kanin smiled pleasantly at Jane. The blue color returned to his eyes. “Don't be afraid, Jane.”
“I'm not,” she lied, her voice cracking.
He appeared friendly and non-threatening. He leaned casually against the doorway, he smiled and held the box out, but not far enough for Jane to take it without having to stick her hand outside again.
Frightened as she was by him, she had to know. She had doubted her sanity all day. She took a breath, and said, “Do something.”
Kanin was confused. “What?” he asked.
“Show me,” she said trembling. “But not your eyes!” she added quickly.
He understood. “I don't want to –”
“Do it!” she shouted.
He sighed, but he did what she asked. He lowered his arm and dropped her heels to the ground. Then he held his hand low and close to his body.
Jane stared down at his hand. Eyes wide.
Kanin's fingernails began to grow slowly. They were a whitish yellow color, and curved in as they grew. They quickly formed into the hideous claws she remembered from the night before.
Jane gasped, and covered her mouth.
Kanin quickly retracted his nails. He held his hand up and started to speak, but she interrupted him. She wasn't listening to him. She sighed, relieved. “I'm not crazy,” she said almost smiling.
He watched Jane, remorse in his eyes. He bent down and took her shoes from the ground.
Jane was staring at the box in his hand.
He smiled, and said, “It's getting cold.”
She swallowed. He's not going to attack me, she thought, he's still in the doorway. She approached the door slowly. Without taking her eyes off his she held her hand up, and waited for him to give her the box.
For some reason he didn't move the box any closer to her. She extended her arm farther, and opened her fingers, waiting.
Kanin sighed. Jane didn't seem to get the message.
“I can't move the box any further,” he said calmly.
This made her mad. She was shaking, but was determined not to cry. She managed to whisper the words, “Why not?”
“I can't put my arm in your house. You haven't invited me in.”
Jane repeated this statement in her mind. Invited? she thought. Her eyes grew wide with realization. That's right, he can't come in unless I invite him in, she thought. The birth of a tiny smile twisted her lips. She quickly pressed her hand over her mouth. This was the best she felt all day. For one tiny moment, Jane had control. He was at her mercy. She was safe. In this small space, she was in charge, she called the shots.
This reaction had not escaped his attention. Jane thought he didn't look happy about it, but for the moment, she didn't care.
“Can I come in?”
Jane shook her head. She raised her hand and slowly, and deliberately put it through the open door. Her hand was trembling. She waited anxiously, not looking him in the face this time. She figured either he would grab her arm and yank her outside, or hand her the box. She waited.
Kanin put the box on her hand.
Jane wrapped her fingers around the box, and quickly pulled it in the door. She sighed, relieved as if she had just pulled her hand from a pool filled with piranha. Still not looking at him she backed up, took the knob in her other hand, and began to close the door.
“I can make you let me in, Jane,” he said confidently.
Jane stopped the door right before it closed. She considered this. She knew he was capable of controlling her mind, just like the pizza man's. He had no doubt been doing it since they met. Without a word she opened the door as wide as it would open, then stepped backwards, looking back occasionally until she reached her table. She set the pizza down, and opened it. As calmly as she could, and with a vampire staring at her, she took a piece of pizza, and bit off the end.
She did not look at Kanin. It was strange to her to eat in front of him, but at the same time she was enjoying this. For once he could wait. He could suffer. She continued to look forward, ignoring him. Jane ate the pizza, laughing inwardly as he stood in her doorway.
A long silence passed. A silence filled with longing and teasing.
Then his deep voice filled the house once more. “You have every right to be angry.”
She said nothing.
“Jane, please talk to me. It hurts me to see you react like this.”
“Like what?” she said.
“So horrified by my presence,” he said quietly.
She asked in a distant tone, “how could you do this to me?” She noticed his face had become morose. He shifted in the doorway.
“There was no other way,” he said.
Jane shook her head. “You tricked me. You deceived me from the beginning. Why?”
“I'm in love with you, Jane,” he said.
“But why me? Why don't you find someone else? Someone who wants to be a vam –” she stuttered.
He sighed heavily. “Do you remember the night you came to the gallery when Julian was there? The gallery was closed, and you didn't know he had come to town a day early?”
She frowned, and nodded her head slowly.
“That was the first night I saw you. Julian had lied to me about being alone in this city. He kept you from me. After that night I spent many nights watching you in the gallery. You were so sweet. You would wait for me, and talk to me. You never feared me, Jane. We had a connection. I could feel it.”
She sat confused. She shifted her eyes to the pictures above her fireplace, letting her eyes linger there.
The night he spoke of came back to her mind. It had been late, on a Monday, and the gallery closed. Jane had run up to the gallery to get her cell phone. She had left it on her desk. When she got to the gallery one of the doors was open, but the gallery was still dark inside. She thought it was a burglary. She walked quietly through the gallery, and slipped through the kitchen door without a sound. She could hear Julian's french accent coming from his office. She was suddenly glad. He was here early and she had caught him. Jane called out to him. There was a stunned silence, and then a bustle of movement. Julian quickly ran out to meet her, but there were no hugs, and no hellos from Julian. He was upset, and quietly demanding that Jane leave. “Go now,” he said. “We will talk tomorrow. Go!” he ordered in a loud whisper. Jane didn't say anything else. She was shocked, and hurt. Without a word she turned, and left the kitchen and then the gallery. The next day Julian had apologized profusely, making up an excuse about private business, and how he hadn't meant to be so short with her.
Over time, she let it go. She now understood why he had run her off so cruelly. Kanin was there, and Julian was trying to protect her.
Then Jane turned pale. She suddenly realized Julian knew. He knew all this time what Kanin was.
The party, she thought.
“He betrayed us,” the little voice said.
All of them, Julian, Kanin, Valerie, they were all part of this conspiracy to bring her into the vampire world. Now she understood what Ivan had meant when he said, “so you're the one he wants.”
This epiphany hit Jane like a fist. She covered her mouth and began to cry softly. She dropped the pizza in her hand back to the box. She felt betrayed and low.
Kanin shifted in the doorway again, visibly upset by her reaction.
Jane took a napkin from the table, and wiped her eyes.
Kanin said, “You have no idea what I've been through. Today was the longest day of my life.”
“I think I can understand that,” she said.
“No, you can't,” he said. “I thought you might have a concussion.”
“What are you talking about?” she asked quietly.
“When you spun the car, Jane.”
She looked at him briefly. “How do you know that?”
“I was watching.”
“What do you mean?” Her bold feeling was gone. Again fear took it's place.
“When you left the house, I followed you.”
“But I looked, there was no one around.”
Kanin sighed, unsure if he should tell her this. “I was above you, following in the sky.”
Jane didn't know what to say. A quick flashback of him in full monster form lept into her mind. She suddenly felt sick, and shivered.
“When you spun the car, I had to get close to you to see if you were all right. But I spooked the deer, and then you took off. I followed you to make sure you got home safely. You were so upset, Jane. I stayed by the house all night, but I didn't say anything to you. I didn't want to scare you more.”
“You scare me now,” she whispered.
Kanin lowered his eyes. He seemed desperate to calm her fears, but instead he was making things worse. “I heard you cry on and off all night. I was worried you had hurt yourself.”
Jane said nothing.
“I came back tonight as soon as the sun set. I'm sorry.” The agony on his face was palpable. The two of them were quiet, not speaking, or looking at each other for several minutes.
Finally, he said, “What can I do to make this right?”
“I don't know,“ she answered.
“I can't lose you.” His voice was weak. For all his strength and inhuman powers, he was still made happy by love and hurt by her sudden withdrawal of love. Jane was glad to know that he was capable of this feeling, even as a monster. It gave his cause humanity. The knowledge that he wanted this connection with a human made him seem more human to her somehow. Still she could not get past the fact that he was a vampire.
“This was all a mistake,” Jane said. “I can't be with someone like you.”
“You mean a vampire?”
Jane nodded her head. “How could I trust you?”
“What are you going to do? Hide from me?”
Jane glanced at him, frightened. She didn't know if this was a threat or not. “I don't think I can do this anymore. I want to stop.”
“I don't,” he said.
Jane shook her head. “What do you want from me?” she yelled. But she already knew. He wanted to change her. He wanted her to live with him as a vampire. “I don't want to be a vampire,” she whispered.
“Let me in, Jane,” he pleaded.
After a long pause, she finally spoke. “If I let you in, are you going to hurt me?”
Kanin said, “No.”
She was still shaking. She thought of last night, and how she fell over the stairwell banister. He could have let her die, but had caught her. Not in the bedroom, not in the house, not at anytime since she met him had he hurt her. Instead he indulged her and loved her.
Kanin said, “I would sooner walk into the sunlight than hurt you.”
This comment shocked her. Until now she wasn't sure if he could walk into the sun. Now she knew. And if he couldn't walk into the sun, then he could die in the sun. It had never occurred to her that Kanin could die, immortal as he was, something could kill him. And no matter how mad she was at the moment, she didn't wish him dead.
The little voice shouted “No! It's all we have left!”
Whether she should have or not, Jane believed him. She turned and looked at him. “Okay, you can come inside,” she said.
Kanin was suddenly standing in the house. The front door closed on its own. He dropped her heels on the floor. Then took a step forward, testing the waters. She tensed involuntarily. He did not move closer to her. “I have been waiting for you, Jane.”
She didn't know what to say. She was terrified. Here was a creature who could have done anything to her in a heartbeat. She couldn't understand why he wasn't acting. Turning her whether she wanted it or not.
“Why don't you turn me then? Just get it over with.” she whispered.
“Julian,” he said.
Jane looked up at him with surprise. This was the first time she had the courage to really look at him, and watch him for a long time. Part of her wanted to touch him. Another part of her wanted to hide in the corner of her room again.
“Many people have begged me for their lives, but few have begged me for another's.”
Jane opened her eyes wider.
“He begged me to spare your life.”
Jane didn't know what to say. She felt shocked and sad, and felt a bond for Julian that was stronger than ever. Even though he betrayed her. And then she became angry. The vision of Julian begging this creature made her sick. Her face twisted in an expression of anger. She looked away from him and began to cry again. “How could you do that to him?” she said, lightly sobbing through gritted teeth. “He must have been so scared.”
“He was actually very brave. His loyalty to you was moving.”
She shook her head. She put the napkin to her face, and again wiped away her fresh tears.
He said, “Jane, do you never wonder why Julian frequently travels to Paris?”
Jane shook her head.
“Sophie lives there. She is a vampire.”
She shook her head quickly at this. She could not believe it.
“Yes,” he said impatiently. “Julian has been with her for seven years.”
Jane felt sick again. She turned, wide eyed, staring at him with disbelief. “Seven years?” she repeated.
“Yes,” he half whispered.
Jane thought about this. She thought of Sophie and then Ivan. Suddenly she thought of all the beautiful beings in the room at the party. The overwhelming feeling came rushing back. It was now she realized they were all vampires. That's why they watched her so closely. That's why Julian chose Sophie over her that evening. She closed her eyes, and took a long cleansing breath, finally understanding.
“I made Julian invite you to the party at my house.”
Everything made sense now. She felt each new realization like an electric shock. She had been manipulated this whole time.
He took another step towards her. This time she did not tense, or seem anxious. He got as close to her as he could, until she said, “Stop.”
Jane said, “How have you survived so long?”
“I move around often. It's never wise to stay in one place too long. In most places I have lived only a few years. I moved around Europe for centuries.”
“But you don't have an accent.”
“Years of practice, Jane. If you want to survive, you blend. Speak as people around you speak.”
Her brain was at work, but she said nothing.
“Eventually, I came to America, to New York. I created a big house. That is where I went last week. I lived there many years. Living there was easy, but I grew tired of living with the others. So I moved here. There was so much space here. I have been to every continent on earth, Jane. I have lived everywhere there's been life. That's how I have collected all those things in my house.”
Jane recalled his room, and all the treasures in it. “And the tapestry?”
“I spared a man six hundred years ago. He made it for me. He knew what I was, and told no one. There were many like me, Jane. So many of us have died. We had to be careful. In the beginning, when I was turned, it was a very dangerous time to be a vampire. It was hard to survive. It forced us to do things –” Kanin stopped for a moment, then continued. “Over time the disease went away. And then the trouble really began for us. We were hunted, and hated. We banded together.”
Jane shook her head. “How can that be true. I have never heard anyone claim to have seen a real vampire.”
“There have always been stories, Jane, legends. All stories come from somewhere.”
She couldn't believe this. She threw her hands up. “How do you do things then? Like the car and the trips to New York and Paris?”
“We own specially made Learjets with windows that have been blacked out,” he said. “Ivan flies us where we need to go. Traveling to New York is easy. The only problem is the flight to Paris.”
“Why?” Jane asked.
“From New York to Paris is eight hours. But Paris is always six hours ahead. We also don't have enough fuel to fly the entire distance. If we fly against the sunlight we stop in Iceland, refuel, and make the short flight to Paris. There have been some close calls,” he smiled. “The other way is to fly into the night. Doing that means you follow the night and fly around the world.” He chuckled. “It makes the Parisian vampire visits rare, and gives me a reason not to visit their house.” Kanin smiled at Jane, pleased with himself. “The trip Sophie and the others made two weeks ago was very long for them. They flew around the world, just to meet you for five minutes.” He had a devilish grin on his face from this very thought. “Now you understand why Julian travels to her,” he said.
Jane frowned. Trying to follow his logic was giving her a headache. “And the car?”
“Valerie,” he said.
For some reason this made Jane jealous. She put her hands between her legs, and looked at the floor. She felt like an idiot. She was jealous of someone else wanting this creature.
“Five hundred years ago Valerie would have been called a guardian, but today they are called servants.”
“Why, what do you mean?”
“Every vampire has a servant. Some have more than one. Servants help us. Servants also let us drink their blood, and we,” he hesitated, “make them feel good.”
Jane glared at him.
“Valerie is my servant. She lives with me. She does things for me during the day. She bought your car and the couch. We fly at night unless we are traveling to Paris. When we go there, she and I travel separately. Ivan and I meet her at the Paris house. She goes with me whenever I go.”
Jane didn't want to ask for fear of seeming weak, but she had to know the answer to this question. “Do you sleep with Valerie?”
This made him smile. This was a good sign. Kanin moved closer to her. He stopped a few feet away from her. “No, I don't have sex with Valerie,” he said.
Jane sighed. “I don't understand then, why does she stay with you? What's in it for her?”
“Ivan,” he said.
At the mere mention of his name, Jane froze for a moment. She recalled his marble face from the party.
“When I found Valerie she was a runaway. She had been dumped by her mother. The couple that adopted her beat her. They burned her once.”
Jane thought back to the scar on Valerie's hand. Her eyes filled with tears once more. She felt a terrible sadness for Valerie.
“After that she ran away. I found her on the streets of New York selling herself. I made a deal with her. I would take care of her, if she would take care of me.”
“Meaning?” Jane asked.
“Valerie lets me drink her blood. As long as she doesn't drink mine she won't become a vampire. When I moved here, I brought her with me.”
Jane was confused. “But what about Ivan?”
“She is in love with him,” he said.
“Does Ivan drink her blood too?” Jane asked.
He nodded.
Jane's face was scrunched up. This was unbelievable to her. “And that's what she wants?”
“Yes,” he said.
Jane blurted, “That's disgusting.” She shook her head, shocked.
Kanin ground his jaw. “At least we don't burn and beat her,” he said.
Jane looked at him. She was quiet for a moment, considering this. Poor Valerie, she thought, what a choice. She asked, “how often do you do that? Drink her blood?”
“Every three days. I am old, and don't have to feed as often as younger vampires.”
“But what if Valerie wasn't there? What if she dies?”
Kanin said, “Ivan takes care of that too.”
She looked at him and waited.
“We own hospitals, Jane. Ivan has a servant here that brings blood to my house and his.”
“Ivan lives here?”
He nodded slowly. “Ivan is my maggiordomo, but he's also my protector and friend. I trust him with my life.” Kanin smiled at her. “If I die, he would take over in my place. He has a house two miles from mine.”
“Why doesn't he just live with you? Wouldn't that be safer?”
He shook his head. “It's strategic. He is always around, but you are never sure where.”
Jane's eyes grew wide for a moment. This news sent a chill through her. “I don't understand that,” she said. All this information made her feel uncomfortable. She was calm, and her heartbeat was regular, but she stood up, and walked across the room, leaning against the wall that led to her office, putting some space between her and him. She crossed her arms. Kanin did not follow her, but he did turn and face her. “Is it so awful, to find out what I am?” he asked.
Jane held in a sigh. “It changes everything.”
“Why? Because I'm a vampire?”
Jane looked at him but didn't answer.
“There is plenty of evil in this world whether vampires exist or not.”
Jane looked down at the floor. She knew this was true, and thought of her own childhood, and then of Valerie.
“I have seen enough to know the human heart can be as twisted as any vampire's.”
Jane thought about this. He had lived through some hideous times. The burning of so-called witches, slavery, the holocaust, and war after war after war. Jane sighed. All this information was just depressing now. She loved him, but how could she be with him? He wasn't just a cruel human. He was literally a monster, and that side of him repulsed her.
Kanin walked slowly over to Jane. She was no longer reacting to him. Her heartbeat was stable, her pulse normal. He stood directly in front of her. Jane put her arms down, and looked up at his eyes.
“Will you forgive me, Jane, for deceiving you?”
Jane said nothing aloud. She was wrestling with the tiny voice in her, that told her to maintain her road, protesting everything she felt.
“Now that you know my secret, I will never lie to you again.” Kanin took his finger, and touched the ball of her chin. He ran his finger down the length of her neck, and fanned his hand out between her breasts. Jane tensed lightly. She closed her eyes. She suddenly gasped, opening her eyes wide with the return of the warm feeling. The sensation was the strongest it had ever been. It seemed to give her new life like a deep breath. It spread through her quickly, penetrating all of her body, instantly soothing her. Jane felt her fears passing. The sadness she felt for Valerie was gone. She breathed hard in and out, opening and closing her eyes as if she had just been brought back from death.
Kanin was leaning over her. She could feel his cool breath on her face.
She looked into his eyes, no longer afraid of him, and said, her voice wavering, “So, six hundred years is a long time.”
Kanin nodded slowly, emphasizing this.
Jane bit her lip, and said, “How many women have you loved before me?”
He lowered his head, and said to Jane, “There have been many women, but there has never been love.” He leaned down to kiss Jane, unsure of how she would respond to him, but put his face down regardless.
She put her hand on his chest, and pushed him back lightly. “Don't turn into that thing again,” she whispered, her face desperate, pleading with him.
“I won't,” he said.
The little voice was shouting, “He's a vampire!”
But Jane closed her eyes, and moved her hand off of his chest. They shared the sweetest kiss, and she felt such relief, that she decided right then to forgive him.
After several seconds, of kissing and leaning against each other, Kanin pulled his head away from hers.
He asked quietly, “Do you want me to leave, Jane?”
The little voice was yelling again. “Yes! Send him away! He is bad for you!”
But his eyes were so full of remorse, and her heart was so full of love that she couldn't bring herself to make him leave. She didn't care if he was manipulating her. She knew she could not be with him forever, but at this moment she didn't want him to go.
Jane shook her head. “Will you stay with me tonight?” She thought she had never seen a person look so satisfied in all their life. Kanin put his hands on the wall, just above her head, and kissed her again.
Tomorrow her heart would break. She knew this needed to be the last time she was with him. She was not willing to lose her soul to be with him forever. Her life was too high a price to pay. But she could have this, just one more kiss, one more hour, one more night. When the sun rose tomorrow he would be gone, and this sweet dream that followed a terrible nightmare would be over.
Jane moved away from him for a moment, and walked around her house, turning lights off. She locked her front door, and then returned to his side, taking his hand. Silently she led him to her bedroom.
She did not want to make love the way she had the last time they were together. She wanted him by her side. She wanted to be awake and feel his presence all night, for after this night she knew she would never see him again.
She turned off one of the lamps in her room, leaving only one lamp on, that lit the room with soft light.
“Can we just lay down together?” Jane asked.
Kanin ran his fingers over her hair. “I'll do whatever you want me to,” he said.
Jane was glad he didn't seem upset that they would not do more tonight. She sat down first, and laid on her back, resting her head on a pillow.
He walked around the bed, and sat down, laying on this side, facing her. He let his hand wander all over her body. Her touched her face, slid his fingers across the nape of her neck, and brushed her hair back to see her eyes. “We could be like this every night, Jane. Lifetime after lifetime.”
She tilted her head and caught his eyes. “But I would have to die first.”
“You would be reborn, as a vampire.”
Jane looked away from him. She didn't want him to see the scared expression on her face. She thought of a picture she had seen in college, in art history, called A Soul Being Carried To Heaven By Two Angels. The picture depicted a woman, high in the air being flown by two angels to heaven, while the almighty above awaits. Jane had seen enough interpretations of souls burning in hell to be frightened for her own. And if this creature lying next to her existed then there must be a hell, which for her meant there must be a heaven. “But I would lose my soul,” she said.
“So you will turn your back on me?” he asked.
Jane had no answer for him. She couldn't bear to hurt him by telling him she had already decided tonight was their last night together. At this moment she didn't know if she could leave him. It would be the hardest thing she ever had to face. And yet she knew she could not let herself be turned into a horrible, soulless creature. Nothing would divide them more than her changing for him, then spending eternity regretting it.
For a long time they stayed quiet, and did not talk, sharing kisses, and looks. The minutes ticked away until it was after midnight.
Jane became drowsy. She wanted to stay awake with him, but soon feel to sleep.
Around 3am she woke again. As she opened her eyes she saw him sitting against the headboard watching her. She nestled close to him, glad he had not gone. Kanin laid down on the bed, and pulled her close to him.
She laid her hand on his chest. The warm feeling pulsed through her. The feeling made her happy, but it saddened her that she could feel no pulse, no heartbeat in his body. This thing was both alive and dead. She thought about this paradox for as long as she could, until she again fell back to sleep under the spell of the warm feeling.



Chapter 20
Jane was dreaming.
She found herself alone on a desert island. The sun was at the top of a cloudless sky. She had a terrible thirst, but nothing to drink. Her eyes ran over the landscape, stopping, checking for ponds or rivers. Behind her was a small hill and palm trees, and behind that was the ocean. All this blue water was everywhere, churning, rushing, pulling the sand out to sea. But she couldn't drink any of the ocean water. She knew it was full of salt, and would make her thirst worse.
Jane looked forward, and began to walk. After awhile she was struggling. Her mouth was parched like cracked mud, and she didn't know if she could go any further.
She squinted, surprised, seeing a split in what was once a straight path.
From where she stood, the path to the right would take her up, into mountains. No doubt she might find a waterfall, but the path looked long, and Jane was weary.
To her left was a grassy path. From this distance she could see trees bent together providing shade for something glistening underneath.
She thought it might be water.
Without thinking about which path was safe, she quickly walked forward on the left path. With all the energy she could produce, she walked faster, even running, to see if there was water, or just an illusion.
Jane stopped a few feet from the trees. She smiled, water was right in front of her.
Her thirst was dire now.
She bent over the still water, and cupped her hands together. For several moments she drank, rinsing her face and neck with water. She continued to do this until she was satisfied.
She again looked down at the water and saw her reflection. As she smiled at herself, her eyes began to alter.
What were once honey brown orbs became black and dead. Jane saw fangs growing from her mouth. She screamed and retreated backwards from the pond as quickly as she could.
A bee suddenly buzzed around her. It could speak, and was saying this could have been avoided, and asking Jane if she wanted to be human again.
“Yes!” she screamed.
The voice said she must become cold as ice, and hard as rock, and never see Kanin again.
Jane promised, begging for change, pleading to be filled with life again.
She opened her eyes to the sound of pounding. It took her a few moments to realize she was no longer dreaming. She looked at the window. It was daytime. Sun was streaming in through openings in the blinds, causing something to catch the light, and she saw it. On the pillow next to her, the pillow Kanin had been laying on the night before, was the ring. She let her eyes linger, and focus on it for a moment. The night he proposed suddenly came rushing back to her. Her refusal, his transformation, her running away, and of course his visit last night. Her eyes began to cloud. He was gone, and all that was left in his place was the ring.
The pounding continued. It seemed to be coming from the front door. Jane thought the person was very persistent, annoying even, and sat up. She looked down and saw that she was still dressed. She sighed, wishing for at least one night she could go to bed normally, in a nightgown.
The pounding continued, and then she heard her name. “Jane?” it called.
She got up, and slowly walked through the house to her front door.
The knocking came again. “Who's there?” Jane said weakly.
“Jane, honey? Thank God. It's Samantha.”
She closed her eyes, and exhaled. She wasn't sure she could handle Samantha today.
“Jane?” the voice inquired.
She unlocked the door, and turned the knob. There, in a pink and gray sweat ensemble that said 'candy' across the sweat shirt was Samantha's worried face.
“Jane, are you all right? I called you all day yesterday, left you a bunch of emails. I wish you would get a better phone so we could text.”
This was, at the moment, too much for Jane. She said nothing, and moved out of the way, letting Samantha in. Samantha hugged her, closely. Samantha smelled sweet from perfume.
“Wow did you have a party last night or what?”
Samantha let go of Jane, and walked over to the dining room table, inspecting the now old, and smelly pizza box sitting there.
“No, I, just haven't cleaned up yet.”
Samantha walked back over to her, looking at her, baffled and concerned. “You don't look too good. Is everything okay?”
Jane was desperately trying to hold her tears back. She did not feel like being interrogated at this moment, but she couldn't stop them. Her lip began to tremble. One by one warm tears raced down her face, and off her cheeks, hitting the floor.
“Oh no,” Samantha said, rushing over to hug her.
Jane began to sob lightly. She covered her eyes with her hands. She was irritated with herself, she never used to be this emotional, and she hated it.
“What happened?” Samantha said. “Did something happen with that guy, Kanin?”
Jane nodded. Her tears were slowing down. She looked up at Samantha with a reddened face, but said nothing.
Samantha moved Jane's hair away from her face. “Did he do something to you? That jerk! Tell me where he lives, and I'll go over there. You can't let people treat you like this, Jane.”
Jane was shaking her head. She didn't want that, and she knew Samantha would do it too. Jane took Samantha's hand. Without a word she led Samantha to her bedroom. Samantha followed quietly, dying to know what was so upsetting to her.
Jane sat down on her bed and patted the seat next her, waiting for Samantha to sit down. Samantha tossed her Coach bag on the bed, and sat down next to her.
Samantha was about to burst waiting for an explanation, but, Jane said nothing. She reached behind her back, grasping something that lay on top of the pillow.
Jane handed it to Samantha.
Fascinated, Samantha took it and looked down at in between her fingers. “Whoa,” she said. Samantha turned the ring around, and in all directions, eyes wide with wonder as she watched the ring sparkle. The ring seemed to affect everyone this way, Jane thought.
Samantha finally pulled her eyes away from the ring, and looked at Jane. She could tell Samantha was thinking first, wanting to be diplomatic, and not say anything to upset her.
“Did he ask you to marry him?” Samantha asked with surprise.
“Yes,” Jane managed to say.
A look of shock and happiness came over Samantha's face. She was truly happy for her friend. But Jane looked so unhappy. Samantha closed her mouth, and instantly knew what must have taken place.
“And you said no?”
Jane nodded. Her tears had subsided, but she was still sad. Her lips continued to tremble. The wound left from leaving him was raw, and she ached for him to return, but Jane knew she could never return to him. This thought was unbearable. It wouldn't take much to make her cry again.
Samantha gave the ring back to her. Jane held it in her hands, and looked at it.
“Why?” Samantha asked.
Jane sighed, and took a breath. “It just wasn't right,” she said.
Samantha nodded, not asking anymore. She knew her friend well enough to know how Jane operated. Jane did not do things rashly. A decision like this would be huge for Jane, and would take days to decide.
“But he let you keep the ring?”
“Yes,” Jane said.
“What a guy,” Samantha blurted. She quickly looked at Jane and smiled apologetically. “Does Julian know?”
Jane thought about this. At the moment it seemed impossible that he would. “I don't think so,” she said to Samantha.
They sat quietly, thinking seperate thoughts. Jane noticed Samantha had an “I told you so” kind of look on her face.
“What are you thinking?” Jane asked.
“Oh, nothing,” Samantha chuckled, trying to laugh it off.
She knew Samantha well enough to know this look was not nothing. She looked at Samantha and waited.
“I don't want to upset you sweetie.”
“Just tell me,” Jane said.
“Well I have never seen you like this. I don't know what he did to you, but you have it bad for this one.” Samantha chuckled.
Jane arched her eyebrow.
Samantha tilted her head to the side in a playful way. “Love,” she said. “You are in love with this guy. You know, I can't live without you, will someone hit me with a bus, love for him,” Samantha shook her head, eyebrows raised. She was as surprised as Jane. “Can I tell you something?” Samantha asked.
Jane nodded.
“Remember Tom?”
“Yes,” Jane said.
“Well I remember when you broke up. You had been together so long, and I thought you would marry him. Then one day, he left for Washington, and no more Tom. I remember it didn't seem to register with you. You never cried or anything.”
Jane considered this. Samantha was right. She didn't react when Tom left.
“This guy must be something special for you to be in love with him, and in two weeks too.”
He cheats, Jane thought. She looked down at the ring. Kanin was special, just not in a good way. She knew Samantha could never find out. She replayed moments with him over and over in her head, letting her mind get lost in deep reflection. She was startled when Samantha suddenly said,
“You know what we should do?”
“What?”
“Shop and eat junk all day.”
The beginnings of a smile spread across Jane's face. Samantha would never change.
“You know what this calls for? Ice cream,” Samantha whispered.
Jane laughed. “I don't have any,” she said.
Samantha stood up, forming a plan. “I am going to take us out for Mexican food, and then we are going to the Stockyards to shop.”
“Wait,” Jane said, touching Samantha. “Will you sit with me for a few minutes?”
Samantha sat down, hugging Jane close. “Of course I will.” They held each other for a time. “I hate to see you like this, Jane,” she said.
Jane said nothing and looked down at the ring.
Samantha and Jane sat together for half an hour. Samantha entertained Jane with stories from their past, and by noon, Jane was somewhat herself again.
Samantha walked around the house, cleaning and collecting garbage, while Jane showered and dressed. Soon after she and Samantha left for a late lunch.
It was 1:15pm when they arrived at the restaurant. Samantha managed to find a spot on seventh street, and pulled her SUV in. Samantha got her phone, tossed it into her purse, and got out. Jane was already on the sidewalk, and had closed her door. Samantha slammed her door shut, and hit her remote, making the SUV chirp.
The two wound their way until they stood together.
“It's so nice outside today.” Samantha said.
“Yes. The sun feels good.”
Samantha opened the door for them both, and they decided to have lunch on the patio. After ordering, Samantha put her sunglasses back on and stretched, smiling at Jane.
“Sam?” Jane said.
Samantha sat forward. “Yeah, honey?”
“Thanks,” Jane said with a smile.
Samantha held her hands comfortingly for a moment, then let them go and leaned back in her chair.
Jane said, “How long is Bill's mom keeping the kids?”
“All day,” Samantha grinned.
Jane couldn't help but chuckle.
“Jane, remember when we used to drink espresso shakes till we were giddy, then we would try to smoke?”
Jane smiled, and said, “I still can't believe I let you talk me into that.”
Samantha laughed, then turned serious for a moment. She had been holding back, but couldn't any longer. “Are you going to be okay?”
Jane nodded. “Yes, it will just take time.”
The waiter had returned with their drinks. He set a margarita down in front of Samantha, and water in front of Jane.
They ordered. The waiter attempted to flirt with Samantha, but she didn't pay much attention to him. With a forced smile, he took their menus, and left.
Samantha sipped her margarita. “So do you want to talk about it?”
“There's really nothing to talk about.”
“But what happened? Things were so good last weekend?”
Jane took a drink of her water and swallowed. Then she took another sip. She was incredibly thirsty. After several loud gulps she said, “Remember when I told you he said he would call me? Well he didn't call all week until late Friday night. He picked me up, and asked me to marry him, just out of the blue.”
Samantha picked up a chip, dipped it into a bowl of salsa on the table, and popped it in her mouth. “That is so romantic.”
Jane sighed, “I know, but it just made me realize I don't know him at all.”
“Can't you just date him?” Samantha said holding her margarita in her hand. “Does it have to be all or nothing with this guy?”
Jane nodded slowly, driving this point home.
“God,” Samantha sighed, and shook her head. “Doesn't love suck?”
“Bad choice of words,” the little voice said.
Jane nodded, she couldn't agree more.
“There's nothing like love to ruin perfectly good sex is there?” Samantha said.
Jane smiled at this. She took a sip of her water, and closed her eyes. She could still feel him from the night before. His arm wrapped around her as she laid next to him. It felt good to be outside, and talking about him as if he were normal. The last two nights for Jane had been tumultuous to say the least. She had barely eaten, or rested for more than a few hours at a time. This return to reality helped remove thoughts of scary monsters and black nights.
“I don't suppose there is any chance you could give him back the ring, and just keep in touch with him for a booty call.”
Jane rolled her eyes, and laughed. “No. No chance of that.”
“Damn,” Samantha sighed.
“What?” Jane asked.
“Well I was going to live vicariously through you, Jane.” Samantha had a huge grin.
Jane laughed.
“I wasn't even sure if you'd be home today. I was going to get all the juicy details.”
A flashback of sex with Kanin hit Jane suddenly. She felt a longing for him, and a craving for the warm feeling, but she had promised to put those thoughts away. The sadness returned. She fought her lip, not letting it tremble. She leaned forward, clearing her throat and said, “How was your week? What did you do?”
Samantha exhaled, and said, “Just the usual. Then a thousand things after school. Oh, Kendall wants to get her ears pierced for her birthday.” She shook her head. “I don't know if that's a good idea.”
“Why?” Jane asked, getting her emotions under control.
“Well she is only six, and that's not the problem. The problem is that it will hurt. I keep telling her it will hurt, but only once, then she will have her ears pierced forever. The pain part isn't sinking in that's all. I was hoping she wouldn't bring this up until she was twelve or thirteen, but you know all her friends have pierced ears, and if the friends have them –”
Jane nodded. She understood perfectly. Jane took a handful of chips, and ate them one by one.
The waiter was back with their food. He sat an enchilada plate down in front of Samantha, which she ate very little of, and a salad down in front of Jane. Jane ate every bite of her food, saying little, and eating faster and faster. She asked Samantha if she was finished with her food, then proceeded to eat Samantha’s lunch. Jane crammed food into her mouth as fast as she could. Samantha said nothing, but looked concerned.
Samantha looked up to see a robust man, with a cowboy hat and lightly shaded sun glasses watching Jane eat. He was smiling and shaking his head. Samantha lowered her glasses, giving him a warning glance. The man looked over at Samantha. She said, “What? Haven't you ever seen a woman eat before?” The man chuckled and turned around still shaking his head. Jane glanced over at the man, then put her fork down. She chewed the food in her mouth slowly, wiping her face with a paper napkin. “Sorry,” she said to Samantha. She didn't realize how hungry she was until she started eating.
“You eat all you want.” Samantha leaned forward and pushed the half eaten bowl of chips closer to Jane.
Jane put her hands up. “I'm full,” she said, “but thanks.”
Samantha watched Jane. It bothered her how strangely she was acting. Samantha had never seen her on the edge this way. “Jane, can I ask you something, and don't get upset okay?”
“I won't,” Jane said.
“What are you going to do with the ring he gave you?”
Jane sighed. “I don't know.”
“Have you thought about selling it?”
Jane scrunched her face up, thinking. She didn't know what she was going to do with it, but for now she didn't want to part with it. It would be too painful.
“I was thinking it would probably be worth a small fortune,” Samantha said.
Jane said, “Probably so.”
“Maybe you could sell your house, and move to Dallas,” Samantha said, unaware how this was affecting Jane.
“What about the gallery?”
Samantha said, “You could commute. Now that you have your own car, we could be closer to each other.”
Jane nodded her head and smiled. In her own way Samantha was being kind, but the image of Kanin standing so close to her, with his palm open, and the ring sitting there lingered in her mind. If nothing else, at this moment, Jane wanted to be closer to him. She looked off into the distance, and followed a bird until it had flown out of sight.
Samantha was about to speak again, but held her tongue. She sat back, sighing quietly and didn't press this subject any further.
After dinner, Samantha drove them to the Stockyards. They walked aimlessly around. The sun was staying out until 8pm now, and Jane didn't want to go home yet. She was enjoying this day with Samantha. Though they said little, and there was tension in all their conversations, Jane was glad Samantha was with her. Just the presence of another person, and one who could be out during the day, in the sunlight, made her happy. She knew she didn't want to spend eternity in the dark.
“Oh, look at this. Should I get it for Bill?” Samantha held up a silver belt buckle.
“Does he wear buckles?”
“Nah,” Samantha said. “I just want to buy something.”
Jane laughed.
Samantha put it back in the bin, and they continued on. Jane caught a man looking Samantha over as they walked past shops and restaurants.
Samantha said, “Don't laugh, but I want to tell you something.”
“What?” Jane asked.
“I was thinking about dying my hair brown.”
Jane stopped walking and looked at Samantha surprised.
Samantha said, “I know. I just wonder if I am getting to old to dye my hair.”
“Wow, where did this come from?” Jane asked, smiling.
“Kendall asked me the other day why Barbie is always blonde in movies, so I told her it was because when she premiered in the sixties, she was a blonde. She knows my hair is supposed to be brown like hers. So she asked me if I was trying to look like Barbie.”
“Oh,” Jane smiled, and chuckled.
“Kids are so funny, Jane. Yesterday I was making her a sandwich, and I was thinking of all the things I needed to do. You know, go to the grocery store, feed the dog, get the mail, just worrying about it all, and Kendall said all of a sudden, 'I know how horses hug each other.'” Samantha threw up her hands, and twisted her face with confusion. “Where does that come from?”
“That's cute,” Jane said.
“Yeah. Don't you wish life what that easy?”
“I wish it was today,” Jane said.
Samantha hugged Jane for a second, then let go. “Bill and I talked about having another baby last night.”
“You did?” Jane's eyes were fastened on Samantha.
Samantha nodded. “He wants one.”
“What about you?”
Samantha sighed, and made a face. “I can't do it again, Jane. Babies are so hard. I was actually thinking about getting my tubes tied.”
Jane listened. This was not her area of expertise.
“Having it would be the easy part. Bill thinks it's no big deal, but of course for him it's not. He's hardly ever home.” Samantha threw her hands in the air for effect.
“So, what are you going to do?” Jane asked.
“I don't know,” Samantha said. “I'm over thirty five so it makes it risky. I finally have some time to myself, and the house it not always a total disaster. Another baby would mess everything up.”
Jane put her arm around Samantha's neck. “I'm here for you, whatever you decide.”
“Thanks, Jane,” Samantha said. “Now, for that ice cream.”
They finished up at the Stockyards, had dessert, and then returned to Jane's house. Samantha went in with Jane briefly to use the bathroom, and say goodbye. Jane had not cried now for several hours.
With a worried look, Samantha stood close to her and said, “Call me if you get sad again.”
Jane said, “I will.”
“If you need me this week I can be over here in thirty minutes.”
Jane nodded. “I feel better.”
“Good,” Samantha smiled. “I need to go. I will see you soon.” Samantha hugged Jane close once more.
Jane walked Samantha to the door, and watched as Samantha headed for her SUV. “Love that car,” Samantha said, smiling and pointing at the Avalon.
Jane smiled and waved. She watched Samantha's SUV until its headlights disappeared around the corner.
She closed her door, and took a deep breath. It was already dark outside. She wondered what Kanin was doing. She felt sure he would be out, and let her mind linger on his face last night. She wondered what they would do with eternity. Drink blood obviously. Jane made a face. Perhaps, after a time, he would give up on her, and move back to New York. For the moment, it comforted Jane to know he wasn't far away. After all it was just twenty five miles to his house. In a car that was no distance at all. But the fact that he was a vampire made him seem totally inaccessible now. He might as well have been on the moon. This thought made Jane tired and somewhat melancholy. But she was tired of crying. She turned around and locked her door. The house was so quiet. All of her fears about Kanin were gone. For the first time in two days she felt a peace come over her. She turned on a couple of lights in her house, then walked into her bedroom. She noticed the red light on her phone was blinking. She walked over to it, surprised that she had six messages. She pushed the button. Samantha's voice started to talk. Jane skipped the message. She did this four more times until the last message. The last message said this...
Jane it's Julian. I arrive a day early. Please meet me at the gallery tomorrow at 10am. I am anxious to see you. Take care.
Jane was both happy and sad about Julian's return. She missed him, but the little voice was still angry with him. All their conversations would be different now. She didn't know how she would manage for awhile. They would have to avoid speaking of vampires and parties which would be incredibly hard. Jane thought it would be like sitting down for a chat, and someone had placed a huge red ball on the table and she and Julian could talk about anything but the red ball. Jane was the tiniest bit interested in discussing Sophie now that Jane knew what she was.
“Tomorrow will be interesting,” she said aloud.
Jane showered, and dried her hair. She set her alarm, and put on a nightgown, smiling at the slow, deliberateness of her evening. As she got into bed, she again found the ring. She looked at it. It shimmered as if it had been waiting for her. Jane took it, and put it in a cotton pouch, and hid it under several layers of socks in her dresser. She was glad to have something of his around, since she couldn't have him. She returned to her bed, and watched TV until the first yawn came, then clicked the TV off, and turned out the light.



Chapter 21
Jane opened her eyes to the sound of buzzing. Her alarm was going off. She reached over and hit a button to silence it, laid back on her pillow, and focused on the ceiling above. It was 9am. The sun was out, but she could tell it was cloudy. Her room was not as bright as usual. She sighed. In an hour she would face Julian, and all his questions. He would know everything. It would be very strange for her. All this new knowledge of dark and secret things. A secret they both now shared.
“It's going to be a long day,” she said to herself. She sat up, using her palms for support. She looked around her room deciding how to start. She made her bed. Then showered. She did this work mechanically and quietly. When she finished drying her hair, she went across into her second bedroom. She opened a drawer and put on the first thing she saw, light colored jeans. Jane found a bra and put that on, then grabbed an emerald colored shirt. She slid her feet into soft, brown leather sandals and headed for the kitchen.
Jane ate a quick breakfast of tea and cereal thinking about Julian. Finding out he too was involved with a vampire was a revelation to her. All this time he had being doing what she had done with Kanin, and she never knew. What a thing to learn about someone you trust. Someone you have known forever.
When she was done with breakfast, she cleaned up, then went outside. She took her own car forgetting that his was parked in her driveway.
Her drive to the gallery was not wasted. She spent this time reflecting, preparing her questions. At one point she was so caught up in a reverie, she was startled when a man in a pickup truck honked at her, while she sat through a green light.
She made the left turn onto the street where the gallery stood. As she approached she looked for Julian's car, and sighed realizing it was at her house. It irritated her that she could think of nothing except all this vampire business.
Jane parked her car and got out. She reached for her bag, and slammed the door shut. She locked the car and rounded it, then headed for the gallery doors.
She was surprised to find one of the doors unlocked. “Julian's here?” she mumbled to herself. She glanced at her watch. For the second time in his life he was early. This was a new Julian, she thought.
Jane slipped past the door, and pushed it to. The gallery was bright enough to navigate, but all the track lights were off. The building was cool, quiet and empty.
She walked towards the back of the gallery, where the offices were. “Julian?” she called.
For a moment there was silence. Then there was the sound of footfalls, doors opening, and shoes squeaking on a slippery floor. Jane waited. She positioned herself in the middle of the room he would have to come through.
As last Julian came into view. He stopped when he saw Jane. She noticed he was not dressed to the nines today. Instead he wore a pair of navy slacks, with a long sleeved white shirt, no tie. No jacket. Jane thought he looked afraid, unwilling to approach her. She watched Julian stare at her for a moment, as if deciding something, then he smiled a tiny smile and began to walk towards her slowly.
Finally Julian was in front of her. She didn't move. She said nothing. She simply watched his face. Julian was busy looking at her neck. He even went as far as lowering the collar of her shirt, and feeling up by her ears. Once satisfied with her neck, and without a word, he grabbed her right wrist and turned it over, examining it. After dropping that wrist he grabbed the other, and looked it over, feeling it for a wound.
If Julian had done this a week ago, she would of thought this disturbing, and Julian crazy. But today, she knew what he was checking for.
“He didn't bite me,” she said at last, ending the inspection.
Julian sighed. His face fell into grateful relief, and he lowered her arm slowly, leaving it by her side.
She narrowed her eyes, and fought the urge to cry. “Why didn't you tell me?” She asked.
Julian sighed, “How could I tell you, Jane? Would you have believed me?”
Jane closed her lips and swallowed. She knew the answer. She took a deep breath, and let it out, never looking away from Julian.
For a minute the two shared a quiet, understanding silence, when she suddenly remembered that Julian had a vampire too. She looked down and took Julian's left wrist in her hands. She felt over the cotton, but there was nothing to find so Jane let it go. Just as she was about to take his other wrist, Julian had lifted it in the air, voluntarally. He turned it over, and undid the cuff. He pulled the sleeve up and there was a gauze pad held down by tape. Jane thought of Valerie the day she saw Valerie's wrist. It had looked the same.
Her lips trembled slightly. She shifted, and didn't cry, but she was upset. She realized they had him too. She looked up at him, shaking her head. “Julian,” she whispered.
Julian smiled at her. “I can't stop,” he said. Julian turned his arm over, and pulled the sleeve back down. Now Jane understood why he always ran around in long sleeve shirts, even in the oppressive Texas heat.
“I am addicted to them, Jane. The feeling.”
She didn't say anything to him, she understood completely. She knew this feeling. It was warm and inviting. She had experienced it for herself several times now, and part of her wanted to feel it again.
Julian looked at her. “Did I do wrong, Jane?” he asked with a tortured look on his face.
“You left me there, knowing what he had planned,” she whispered.
“I try to shield you from them, Jane,” he pleaded, “it's why I stay gone so long. Not wanting to draw attention here.”
Jane couldn't hold back any longer. She sighed hard and began to cry. Bitter tears ran down her cheeks.
Julian put his hands together, prayerfully. “How can I tell you? I must lie to protect you. What would you think if I confess?”
“I don't know,” she said. Jane turned away from him. She crossed her arms and sighed heavily, and began to walk away.
“I never want this for you, Jane. I beg Kanin to leave you alone. I stay away so they never find you. I beg him not to ask me to invite you to the party.”
Jane looked down at the floor, and rubbed the toe of her shoe against the gold in the tile. “I know,” she said.
Julian sighed, “Forgive me, Jane? Please?”
She sighed. She uncrossed her arms, and turned to Julian. It was sad how relieved Julian was. She loved Julian so much. She would do anything for him. She closed her eyes and hugged him closely.
Julian sighed, and returned her hug. “I am glad you are still my Jane,” he said.
Jane stopped crying, and wiped her eyes. They held each other. He has always loved her, taken care of her, and now understood every dark thought she had. Their lives were connected in a way only people who have lived through the same thing can understand.
“What happened while I was gone, Jane, what did he do?” Julian asked, his voice muffled.
Jane sighed, and pushed Julian away. She glanced at him and blushed. Julian understood, but kept going.
“What about this weekend? Did he give you something?”
“A ring,” she said. “He asked me to stay with him forever.”
Julian nodded his head, and sighed.
“You know already?” Jane glowered.
“I knew there was something happening,” he said. “The big house was buzzing last week. There was a rumor, he was going to turn you. I thank God Jane, he changed his mind.”
At first Jane was angry. Why was it she was always the last person to find out anything that involved the vampires? Then Jane thought of Kanin's words. How Julian's loyalty to her was moving. She sighed, then smiled weakly at Julian. “Thank you for standing up for me,” she said. “It took a lot of courage.”
Julian relaxed and said, “You are my Jane.”
She smiled at Julian, then looked away. Her eyes focused on something off in the distance. “What do we do now?” she asked.
Julian shook his head. “I don't know. We can do nothing, really. If he did not change you then maybe he won't now. What happened when you say no?”
Jane looked at Julian with an intense stare. “He changed. I saw him.”
Julian sighed, and closed his eyes, mumbling in French, “Dear God.”
“He told me about his wife, and how he became a vampire.”
Julian looked up and said, “He is the oldest of them, Jane.”
“I know,” she nodded.
Julian looked down and began to pace. “I think we are safe. I know him for many years. He will do nothing, I think.”
She nodded slowly. She felt sure Julian was right. Kanin had so many chances with her and never took them. She believed she was safe.
Julian stopped pacing and looked over at Jane. “May I see the ring?” he said.
Jane thought. “It's at my house,” she said. “Want to go?”
“Yes. Pardon,” Julian said. He quickly ran in the direction of the kitchen. Jane heard various movements, and within a few seconds Julian was back. “Ready,” he said, smiling at her.
They exited the gallery. Julian locked the glass door while Jane walked to her car. Julian turned and stopped as he saw her standing next to a car that was not his.
“Did you buy a car, Jane?” he asked, surprised.
She shook her head and smiled ruefully. “He bought it for me.”
Julian blurted a laugh but quickly recovered. He became serious again and said, “they are generous, Jane, with their servants.”
Jane scoffed and said sharply, “I hate that word.”
“Yes,” he said, understanding. “Jane, where is my car?”
“At my house.”
Julian nodded. “Let us go.” They got in the car. Jane put the key in the ignition, turned it, and glanced behind and out of the window. When the lane was clear she pulled out onto the road.
“How did you meet him, Kanin?” Jane asked.
“Jane, I never tell you this. Please don't be angry.”
Jane sighed. She was sick of people telling her not to be angry. She was angry. She continued to drive, looking forward, and not at Julian.
“Let me explain how it works. There are three houses. The house in Paris. The house in New York, and the house here, where Kanin lives.”
“And Ivan's house,” Jane said.
Julian scrunched his face. “You know about Ivan?”
Jane nodded. “How many vampires live in each house?” Jane asked.
“Very few,” Julian said. “In the whole world there is less than fifty. Ivan lives alone. The Paris house is very small. Only three vampires are willing to live there under Sophie. Hugo, Audrey and Delphine.”
She must be awful, Jane thought. She looked at Julian, trying to understand why he wanted to be with Sophie.
Julian continued on. “The New York house is very large. They call it the big house, a joke between them. Thirty vampires live there. Kanin used to run the big house, but he move here, and put Nigel in charge.
“Nigel?” Jane repeated.
“Yes,” Julian said. “The New York vampires don't like Sophie. They refuse to visit her house.”
“Why?” Jane asked.
Julian rubbed his face. “She believe she is important like Kanin.”
“But she's not?”
“No,” Julian said. “But I don't say such things to her, Jane.”
“How old is Sophie?” Jane asked.
Julian said, “she is two hundred and fifty years old roughly. Not as old as Kanin. Sophie tell me once about when Kanin change her. It was during the French Revolution. She was an aristocrat, Jane. The lynch mobs were calling for her family's execution. Sophie escape, and leave her family and run into the wilderness. She found Ivan. Ivan was going to kill her, but Kanin stopped him. Kanin change her Jane. She travel with them for many years. They stay hidden.”
Jane found this incredible. She could barely concentrate on the road.
“Many vampires have been born, then killed from war or people. They have been hunted, like dogs. Kanin is the oldest of them. He organized them and leads them. Teach them how to survive. They will do nothing without his word.”
“Even Sophie?” Jane asked glancing at him.
Julian nodded and smiled, “Yes,” he said. “Sophie say the vampires that survive form a house in Paris under Kanin, but he grew tired of Paris, and bring some of them to New York. He live there with them for a long time.”
“How long?” Jane asked.
“I don't know,” Julian said. “Seven years ago, I was invited to a party, like you, and I meet Sophie. We spend time together, and she offer me a job, working for them, the vampires. I meet Kanin and he say it's okay. I buy real estate for them, Jane, and they pay me. They have made me a rich man. They own so much, it's incredible. Homes, banks, even hospitals. It's how they get –”
Jane glanced at Julian. She knew what he was going to say.
“They have so much money.”
Jane sighed and shook her head. “Unbelievable,” she said tightening her grip on the steering wheel.
“They are very careful. They have learned how to live amongst humans undetected. They do not want to disrupt the lives of people. They do not turn people. Only Kanin can turn someone.”
Jane glanced at Julian again with a sour expression on her face.
Julian pressed on. “If a vampire kills a human by accident, the vampire is destroyed.”
Jane shot her eyes over to Julian. Her mouth opened, surprised.
“It is very bad to kill a human, Jane. It causes them many problems. Ivan organizes a group, and the group obeys him. The group kills the vampire.”
“Do they kill often?” Jane asked distressed.
Julian was already shaking his head. “In seven years I hear only of two. They were younger vampires. They have people to help them. Lawyers, police men, they clean it up quickly, then Ivan dispose of the vampire. They all know the rules Jane.”
Jane was speechless. Ivan's rock hard face sprung into her mind. She imagined him killing a rogue vampire with a tight, controlled smile. He was more frightening than Kanin ever would be.
“They do not bring attention to themselves,” Julian was saying. “The people who visit them know about them, and keep their secret.”
“Like you?” Jane said.
“Yes.” Julian said. “And now you must too, Jane.”
Jane glanced away from Julian, irritated. She wished she could go back a month, before she was burdened with this secret. It was not a responsibility she wanted. She focused on the road, not addressing Julian for several minutes. She could think of nothing but Kanin, Ivan, and Sophie, and all the secret things that had gone on for so many years. Her thoughts were not interrupted until Julian yawned loudly. He had been quiet. Jane had been thinking. She glanced at him again to see him smiling at her.
“I'm so glad you're okay, Jane. Last week I was filled with worry for you. I was afraid to call. I have never seen anyone turned before.”
Jane smiled. She wanted to put his mind at ease. Julian looked tired to her. Very tired. She thought of all the traveling he did. How Julian managed to deal with the constant change in time zones, she didn't know. Julian was only fifty five, but his face looked ten years older. His vampire lifestyle was killing him. “I'm fine,” she said for his benefit. “Kanin said he would never hurt me.” This seemed to make Julian happy, and for several minutes the two sat quietly. Jane was getting close to her house. The only noise was the noise coming from outside, of car engines, or road work.
Jane pulled her car close to the curb in front of her house. She set the alarm, and they made their way to the front of her house.
“Your car is down there,” she pointed.
Julian stepped to the side, and looked down the driveway.
Jane said, “I didn't want to leave it at the hotel all week.”
“You are a good girl, Jane,” Julian said. Jane had always lived for praise from Julian. It sometimes made her think of Mr. Reed who would praise her when she was a child. She had few memories of Mr. Reed, but the memories she had were all good ones. She smiled at Julian and said, “Thank you.”
The two of them entered her house with little banter. Jane entered first, and set her bag and keys on the table. Julian followed behind, and closed the door to the house. He turned around and looked at the house. He smiled to himself seeing all the art and trinkets. Jane went to her bedroom, and returned with two sets of keys, and a cotton pouch. She handed the keys to Julian.
“Merci,” he said again, taking them, and putting them in his pocket.
“Let's sit down,” Jane said, pointing to the couch in her office. Julian waited as she walked past him, then followed her in, sitting down next to her.
Julian watched her as she laced her fingers around the silky strings of the pouch, pulling it open. She turned the pouch over and the ring fell into her hand. The ring rested on her palm in all its brilliance.
Julian looked at the ring, then he looked up at Jane, waiting for her to hand it to him.
“Take it,” she said glancing at the ring.
Jane watched Julian's eyes move over the ring. He seemed absorbed by it and all that it stood for. Jane looked down at the ring, thinking it was too beautiful to be attached to something so dark.
“It's exquisite,” Julian said. “He meant it for marriage?”
“Whatever that is for a vampire, yes.”
Julian sighed and shifted. He handed the ring back to Jane. She looked at it briefly, then put it back in the pouch. She leaned left and set it on a wooden stand next to the couch.
“I can't believe this is all happening,” she said. She leaned back against the couch and rubbed her face with her hands.
“It's true,” Julian said. “I have been with them so long, I forget how it feels to be new to them.”
Jane looked at Julian thoughtfully. She still couldn't believe he had been with Sophie for so many years. She pointed to his wrist and said, “Doesn't it hurt when she bites you, and drinks your blood?”
Julian looked down, and thought this over. “There is pain, yes, but mixed with pleasure. If feels like the moment of –” he smiled a little smile, “of release.” Julian looked at Jane.
He grinned at the repulsed look on her face, then looked down.
She didn't want to hurt his feelings, but she had to know. She asked, “How can you stand her?” There was anger in her voice.
“Sophie is complicated.” Julian hesitated. She could tell he wanted to say more.
He must know everything about her, she thought, if he has known her for seven years. Jane waited and watched him.
After a long pause he finally said, “She have history with Kanin. They were together for more than a century.”
Jane pulled back a little bit. Her face crooked with shock and disgust. “You mean they –?”
“Yes,” Julian said.
Jane sat speechless. She could see them, embracing in her mind. She suddenly felt sad and betrayed. Why didn't he tell me? she thought. She shifted on the couch not knowing how to digest this information. She thought of Sophie's beauty. She suddenly felt insecure about everything they had done together.
Julian could see her uneasiness at this news. He said, “they have been apart for many years. Sophie say lots of vampires and servants have come and go.”
This made Jane feel even more upset. She put her hands on the couch for support.
Julian added, “Sophie never say, but Valerie tell me once Kanin can't stand her now. That is why he move to New York.”
“Why can't he stand her?” Jane asked.
“I don't know,” he said. “I only know what they tell me. Valerie say Ivan and Nigel don’t like Sophie either. They tolerate her because Kanin makes them.”
Jane sighed, and gave up. She had to get used to such shocking news. When someone's lifetime had spanned as many centuries as Kanin's had, paths crossed. It was unavoidable. Jane realized there must have been hundreds of women. This made her wonder even harder why he wanted her. The women he must have known. She sat still, wide eyed, thinking.
“Jane, are you okay?” Julian asked.
“Yes,” she said. “So does Sophie think Kanin shouldn't be with me?”
Julian hesitated. “She does not approve of him being with a human woman. She believes he should be with a vampire.”
Jane scoffed, “Like her, I suppose?”
Julian smiled and nodded. “I never say this to Sophie, but I think she still care for Kanin.”
Jane swallowed nervously, hearing this. The thought of Sophie resenting her sent a chill down her back. She remembered Sophie's annoyed tone from the party, “not like a servant,” she could hear Sophie say.
Julian said, “she never tell me, but I believe she is jealous of you, Jane. When she hear that Kanin buy something for you, we leave the big house and return to Paris. She not speak about it to me, Jane. She was very angry.”
Jane was speechless. Her eyes wide. How could she be jealous of me? Jane thought. She stared at the floor in amazement.
“This is not good,” the little voice said.
“She wouldn't hurt me, would she?” Jane asked worried.
Julian shook his head quickly. “She will never cross Kanin.”
Jane swallowed, glad for Julian's confident answer. But still she was worried. How did I let myself get in this mess? she thought. “Doesn't any of it bother you Julian? The fact that she has been with him?”
Jane stared at him, hoping he would agree with her. His face was suddenly sad. He said, “When Sophie found out about you, she was very angry with me, Jane.” Julian's eyes began to fill with tears. He kneaded his hands together. “She refuse to see me for two days. She say I love you more than her.”
Julian was very close to crying. His eyes glistened. Seeing him sad made Jane angry. She forgot about Sophie and Kanin, and thought of Julian. How he must have suffered when Sophie found out about her. She could feel her face burning. That cruel witch, she thought, as she ground her jaw.
“He brought this on himself,” the little voice said.
Jane sat up. She rubbed his back with her hand.
Julian said, “if Sophie only wanted me one more time, I would travel any distance to be with her.”
Jane couldn't help but feel sympathy for him. He sat with a distant expression on his face. Julian was older, and he would only age more. There was a fear there, in his face that she could feel. She thought perhaps his days were numbered with her. As much as she hated Sophie, she felt sorry for Julian. She wanted him to be happy. She said, “stay with me, Julian. Don't go back to her. We can become strong together.”
“But I love her,” Julian said, “life would be pointless without her.”
“Do you love her, or the feeling?” she asked.
Julian smiled, tears streaming down his face. “It is the same thing, yes?” he said, looking up.
Jane hugged Julian closely. She closed her eyes. It hurt her to see him this upset. She understood this need he had, she was fighting it herself, and the despair at the thought of losing it, the warm feeling.
Julian put his thumbs on his eyes for a moment. He wiped his face, took a deep breath, collecting himself, and looked at her. In a clear, matter-of-fact tone, he said, “I asked her to ask Kanin to turn me once, Jane. But he refuse. Kanin doesn't turn people anymore. It's too risky for them. That is what makes this so incredible,” Julian said pointing to the ring.
Jane glanced backwards at the pouch. She thought of ring, and all it embodied. She realized how important this must be to Kanin if he were willing to break his own rule. She felt moved by it. She missed him. The guilty feeling returned. She didn't want to reject him. She loved him. He must love me, she thought.
“But he's a vampire,” the little voice reminded her.
Jane looked back at Julian.
Julian smiled and said, “I have to admit I am jealous of you, Jane.”
She shook her head. This, she couldn't believe. She said, “You're not afraid of dying?”
“As long as I can be with Sophie, I am not afraid, no.”
“I want to stay human,” she said decidedly, resting her chin on his shoulder.
Julian nodded his head, and looked at her. He smiled, and took her hand in his. He said, “If Kanin has not turned you by now, I don't think he will. He has much control Jane. The vampires respect him. He is welcome in every house.” Julian squeezed her hand, then let it go.
Jane folded her hands in her lap. “Why does he live alone?” she asked.
“I don't know. I don't ask such questions, Jane. I found him the big house. He come and he stay. He is like a ghost except for the parties.”
She sighed. She didn't understand him either.
“He promise me that night at dinner, he won't harm you at the party. But in the big house, with the rumors, I don't know,” Julian said pressing his hand to his mouth. He sighed, and thought for a moment. “You are safe now, Jane. I know it.” Julian nodded his head with a confident smile.
She felt a little better. Being with Julian and talking this way made it all seem real, and less terrifying.
“Will you be able, Jane? To live, to work?”
She laughed. This was suddenly funny. “I don't have a choice, do I?”
Julian was serious. He said, “I am going to stay more, and, come often. I will not leave you alone so much.”
“But what about Sophie?” Jane asked.
Julian smiled nervously. “I will work it out,” he said.
She smiled, and hugged Julian briefly. “I would like that,” she said.
She could hear Julian open his mouth to say something. He stopped. She leaned back and looked at him. “Don't be angry, Jane,” he said, “but I must return to Paris tonight.”
Jane tried, but she couldn't hide her disappointment. “But you just got here.”
Julian patted her hands, his voice half fearful and half apologetic, “I must return. It will be better later, if I go now.”
She frowned. Don't say anything, she thought, you will upset him.
“You understand, Jane?”
Does it matter? She thought. “Yes,” she said tightly.
Julian's face relaxed into a smile. “Thank you, Jane. I know I can count on you. You will take me to the airport, and bring my car here?”
Jane nodded. “Of course,” she said, barely smiling at Julian.
Julian was very pleased by this. He smiled and patted her hand again.
Jane's stomach suddenly growled. She smiled and looked up, leaning forward to silence her stomach.
Julian said, “let us go now, and eat, and talk of other things. I can drive you, then you can take me to the airport.”
“Okay,” she said.
By now it was 1pm. The sky was still cloudy. The afternoon was not as warm as it had been the previous day. They dined at a restaurant downtown. After lunch they walked around the gallery, and Jane told Julian about Wendell, the newest artist for the gallery. Julian sighed, worried about the mess Wendell would make, but Jane reassured him it would be fine. He told her to go ahead with the exhibition. She filled Julian in about Margo's creations, and how many had sold. The gallery had done well with Margo.
They talked about Julian buying an apartment downtown, and Jane offered to help him look.
By 8pm she had dropped him off at the airport, then drove his car to her house. She parked it at the end of her driveway as before. It was just after dusk. Jane walked around her empty house. She could hear people arriving home from work. The occasional car door would slam, or a high pitched question of a child would find its way into the house.
Seeing the pouch on the sofa stand, she walked over and took it, and put it back in her sock drawer. She sat a long time thinking about Julian, and everything he said. She felt closer to Julian, now more than ever. She was glad to have someone understand all her fears completely. This day had improved her mood a thousand times over.
Jane thought again about the night at the gallery. She tried to remember that night with more detail. What time it was, and what she had said, and worn, and done. What did Kanin see? This thought preoccupied her until after 9pm. By then she was tired. It had been a long, emotional day.
She showered, and got ready for bed. As she slipped under her covers, she thought of Kanin. It was nighttime and he could be anywhere. He could even be in her house. Two days ago this thought scared her, but tonight she was not afraid. If he came she could not stop him. She didn't fear him anymore. Now she was left with a feeling of loss, and a small but controlled craving for the warm feeling. Jane wanted to be with him, but told herself no. It was better to move forward. She didn't want to end up old, used, and fearful like Julian, waiting for the day Kanin would leave her.
In the darkness she slowly rubbed her feet together, and twisted a loose thread in her blanket until she fell asleep.



Chapter 22
Jane's subconscious was deciphering a dream, her eyelids fluttering, when she suddenly felt herself being pulled out of it, and waking up. Annoyed, Jane opened her eyes. She quickly found herself fully awake. She glanced at her alarm clock. It was 5:41 in the morning. She had stayed in bed, hoping she could go back to sleep. But the harder she tried, the more awake she became. Everything ran through her mind a hundred times. She thought of Kanin first. She looked around her bed remembering him lying next to her. At this moment she wished he still was. For a deadly vampire he had been incredibly gentle. She thought of all the things he had told her about Valerie, and Julian.
She loaded the memory of Kanin lying next to her on the bed. This was at the moment, her favorite memory. His wandering fingers running the length of her torso. She could not stop thinking about what he said, being with him lifetime after lifetime.
This idea seemed impossible to her. What would she do with so much time? She was sure she would tire of it, being a vampire. She wondered what it would feel like to turn. She feared how much it would hurt. She didn't want to be a monster, and she was terrified that she would be out of control. Jane couldn't live with herself if she killed someone in a thirsty rage. And surely that happened when someone was newly turned.
She thought of Valerie telling her Kanin had gone to help a friend who had been in a accident. Kanin's friends were mostly vampires. She found herself thinking it was a human death. What else could it be?
She rolled over, and tried to clear her mind. She breathed deeply, and listened to the sound of nothing. But within a few seconds the thought of him had returned. Jane sighed at this. Without enough sleep, it would be a long day.
Finally she gave up, and let her mind go with it. If she was going to be awake, laying in bed thinking, she might as well go all the way with it.
She thought about Kanin, and the first night she met him. She caught herself thinking of this encounter more often than she should. Jane closed her eyes, and laid on her back. If she concentrated hard enough, she could almost feel his hands on her. His face smiled in her mind. She could hear his voice, and thought of their playful banter, and his intense stare. This made her smile in the darkness. She thought of his finger touching Margo's pin on her blouse. This old memory caused her heart to race even now, two weeks later. Jane slid her hands under her nightgown, and began to run her fingers along the skin of her stomach. She could feel their first kiss. Kanin excited her so much, the very thought of him still made her dizzy. She frowned in the darkness and thought of his lips. His mouth was pressed against hers, and his body pushed hers down.
There the little voice was telling her to stop. The voice said there was no point to this. It would only make things harder for her. It reminded her of her promise to be cold, and hard.
Jane sighed and stopped moving. She hated the little voice even though it was right. She opened her eyes, and put her arms flat on the bed.
At 9am she was still laying in bed, wide awake, thinking of it all, until the buzz of the alarm cut through her thoughts. She sighed, and sat up enough to reach across to the alarm clock, pushing the button to silence it.
She stayed in the bed a few minutes more. She was already disappointed with herself. Today was supposed to be a new beginning. This was the first day she would be alone since her talk with Kanin Saturday night. Sunday Samantha had been with her. And Monday, Julian stayed with her until his plane flight left. And now it was Tuesday. She felt alone, as if she were the only person left on Earth. For Jane, it felt like she was starting a new chapter in her life. It was page one, and the paper was blank. Somehow she had to fill her time.
Julian had flown to Paris late last night. No doubt to see Sophie. Jane grimaced. He said he would call her once he arrived at the Paris house. She started to replay their conversation again. She was sick of thinking about it.
“Damn it all,” she said, tossing the covers off herself. She pushed herself into a sitting position, and scooted off the bed. She stood up and stretched. After that she went into her normal morning routine. She showered, dressed, and ate. After cleaning the dishes, she brushed her teeth and headed for the door.
She had decided the previous evening she would open the gallery on her day off. She needed to stay busy. Julian agreed with her that it would be a good idea. She had slept little during the night. She hated nights like these. She didn't focus well on days when she hadn't slept. All news learned was hard to follow, and she didn't have the energy to really think about anything. Whatever she did think about had a negative spin. The day would be too hot, the visitors at the gallery annoying, and paperwork would be sheer torture for a tired mind. She would spend the day yawning, and drinking far more caffeine than she should to stay alert.
It was another bright, hot day. Jane ran the air conditioner in her car, and played loud music the entire distance to keep herself from thinking of Kanin. She found a spot close to the doors, and parked. Jane got out of her car, locked it up, and headed for the gallery doors. With the turn of her keys, she was inside.
She walked around, and got the gallery ready for the day. She went back to her office, and retrieved some paperwork. She stayed out in the gallery, writing checks, and looking over bills. Time seemed to barely move. In the first two hours she only had one visitor, but it was Tuesday, and early still.
By lunchtime she was nearly asleep. She locked the gallery up and walked to the cafe, hoping the exercise would perk her up. Upon reaching the cafe, she ordered a ham sandwich and took it back to the gallery. She didn't feel like eating in the restaurant today. Instead she ate a quiet lunch in her office, drinking every drop of tea she had. It would have to last until 7pm.
After lunch Jane checked the artwork. She inspected Margo's jewelry. Most of it had sold. Very few pieces remained. It was mainly earrings that didn't sell. She knew they were too heavy for most people. The only sound in the gallery besides her own breathing, was the echo of her heels, as she strode, arms crossed, slowly up and down the gallery. Visitors were sparse, and only stayed a few minutes when they did come in.
Jane glanced at her watch, it was close to 6pm. Just then the phone rang. She could hear it from where she was standing, and ran to her office grabbing it, and answering it. She hit the talk button, and put it to her ear. As she spoke she made her way back to the gallery floor, and again began to pace.
“Hello?”
“Bonjour, Jane,” Julian said.
“Bonjour,” Jane replied. She smiled, happy to hear from him. But she was worried. Julian sounded tired to her. “Are you in Paris?” she asked.
“Yes,” he said.
Jane nodded.
“Jane, I have some news, but I must be brief.”
She knew the reason for this, Sophie. She wanted to complain, but held her tongue not wanting to upset Julian. “Oh?” she said.
“Sarah is dead.”
This stopped Jane in her tracks. The image of her aunt was suddenly clear in her mind. “When?” Jane asked.
“Two days ago. I just heard from the lawyer. She die of breast cancer, Jane.”
She didn't know what to say. This news wasn't upsetting to her, but she wasn't happy about it either. She didn't know what to feel. A woman she hated, who made her life hell for years, was dead.
“Jane?”
Jane said in a lowered voice, “Yes, I'm here.”
“Are you okay?”
Jane nodded. “Yes. Will there be a funeral?”
“No,” Julian said. “She leave instructions for Georgie only. No funeral, or burial. She wants to be cremated.”
Jane frowned, perplexed by this.
“The lawyer say there was a falling out with her and Elizabeth. I guess she not want to be a burden.”
Jane was silent, taking it all in.
“He say, Sarah ask for you at the end, but he could not find you. I'm sorry to tell you, Jane, but I thought you should know.”
“Thank you,” she said quietly.
“I will return on Friday evening. Then we can start looking at apartments, yes?”
Jane stuttered, “I meant to look in the paper today. I will get on it after work.”
“Merci, Jane. I must go. Call me if there is news.”
“I will.”
“Until then, Jane.”
“Goodbye,” she said, still stunned. She pushed the talk button, and lowered her arm, still holding the phone in her hand. In the sixteen years that had passed, she had rarely thought of her aunt. And now her aunt was dead. She was beyond it all. She spent her time on earth as a cruel, selfish woman, died of a painful disease, and now she was free. No more of the concerns that the living had.
It had been so long since Jane had really thought of Sarah. She didn't know how to feel about the news of her death. The saddest part was not the death itself, but that Jane felt nothing. It was as if her aunt had never existed. The years that held the promise of a long and happy relationship had been wasted, Jane thought.
She remembered the sadness she felt at the death of Mr. Reed. But for Sarah, she felt nothing.
Jane stared out the windows of the gallery until 7pm.
When closing time arrived, she locked the doors to the gallery, but did not leave. She went into the kitchen, walked past the sink to some cupboards where she stored watercolor paint, brushes, and paper. A strange mood was taking over. Not a sad, or happy mood, just a focused one. She decided to paint for a time. She found a plastic cup, and filled it with water. Underneath the kitchen sink was an old white, coffee cup with used brushes. The paintbrushes were dried, and the bristles stiff. Jane soaked one of the larger brushes in the water, testing it against the bottom of the plastic cup, until it softened. She took the brush, still dripping and drug it across the black paint.
On a plain white sheet of paper, she began to paint the outline of a face. Her skills were nothing remarkable, but as she painted, she drew a very clear, very recognizable likeness of her aunt's face. There emerged a scowl, angry eyes, the way she remembered her from childhood. The black eyes of the portrait staring back at her made Jane feel nothing. So much time had passed that this woman was now a stranger to her.
She put the brush in the water, and with both hands, wadded up the picture of Sarah. Jane walked into her office, and threw the portrait in the trash. That is the funny thing about time. If you don't forget old wounds completely, time helps to soften the memory. At this point she had no emotion at all for her aunt. She did not care that Sarah was dead. She simply wanted to forget her for all time, and for the most part had.
Jane returned to her supplies, and was about to put them away when she decided to paint something else. A whimsical feeling over took her. Again she took the paintbrush from the cup, and again she loaded it with black paint. But this time, Jane made a softer curve for what would be another face. She started with the forehead, making it broad. She painted hair that billowed down and around the face to just above the shoulders. Jane thought for a moment, and carefully drew two perfect lips, and a long, narrow nose above them. She had put the eyes off until the last. She wanted to spend the most time on them.
Jane pretended she was painting no one in particular, but her picture was quickly becoming a portrait of Kanin. She paused at his eyes. She drew their outline, trying to convey all the wildness she had encountered in them. In order to accomplish this she put down her large paintbrush for a smaller, fine tipped brush. She got it wet, and drug it across the closest blue that matched the color of his eyes. She thought of those hypnotizing eyes. In a dreamy state she painted the first eye. She looked down at her picture, and it was as if Kanin were watching her. Jane eagerly put her brush back to the blue, and got it loaded with paint. Her hand was perched, and ready to fill in the second eye, when suddenly she stopped.
There was the little voice saying, “Why are you doing this? It will just make it harder for you.”
Jane froze, and did not paint the second eye. Instead she put the paintbrush back in the cup of water. She looked down at her portrait for a long time. The very thought of Kanin made her long for him. She missed the warm feeling he gave her.
She made herself stop. Mechanically, she rinsed the brushes and returned them to the coffee cup. She put the paints away, and looked down at the picture of Kanin. She took the paper in her hands, and carefully folded it as if she intended to keep it for another time.
“Not good enough,” the little voice said.
Jane sighed heavily. Willing herself to do it, she crumpled the paper up in her hands, and threw it away next to the portrait of her aunt. “You happy now?” she whispered to the little voice. This depressed her, but it had to be done. She had to stay strong, and resist Kanin and his warm feeling.
Ten minutes later Jane had the gallery closed down, and locked up, and was on her way home.
She stopped at a gas station and filled up her car. After the lever clicked off, she went inside and looked for a newspaper. Finding one, she paid for it, and left.
Once home she opened it up, and looked through the housing section to see what was available downtown. Jane filled her evening with this endeavor, making lists, and organizing contact information for Saturday when Julian returned. There were several prospects that looked hopeful, and she was excited. She was tired of being alone so often, and the thought of Julian having a home in Fort Worth made her happy. Anything to help distract her from thoughts of Kanin.
By 10pm her evening was coming to a close. She had showered, and was getting ready for bed. Dressed only in a robe, she walked through her house, and was surprised to feel a warm breeze coming from an open window. Jane looked around the house. The window was barely cracked, and she had not opened it. She was alarmed by this, and immediately thought of Kanin. She looked around, but saw nothing. Slowly, and pretending not to be afraid she walked over to the window, shutting it tight and locking it. She lowered the blind. She again looked around, but there were no signs of life. Jane suddenly found herself checking all the windows and the front door. She was starting to heave, wondering if he were somewhere in the house, hiding.
“He's here!” the little voice shouted.
Calm down, she thought, he won't hurt us. Even if he was there she knew he wouldn't hurt her. Jane truly believed this. She had to. She slowed her breathing, and carried on, turning lights out. She changed into a white, cotton nightgown, taking her time as she undressed and dressed. If he were there, she was going to make this as hard for him as it was for her. She brushed her teeth quickly acting as naturally as she could manage. She slipped under the covers, but left the light on. She sat up in bed for a time, trying to concentrate on a book. She even went as far as turning a few pages to make this act seem sincere. She thought in time he might reveal himself. Still she saw no one. She heard no noise in the house. If he were there, she could not see him. Maybe I'm losing my mind, she thought. The craving for the warm feeling did affect her rational thinking at times.
Jane finally gave up. Part of her was disappointed, but she did not let on. She closed the book, and put it on the nightstand. Then she leaned over and turned out the light. A fearful thrill shot through her. At first her mind was racing, wondering if he were near the house or even inside. Maybe he was watching her. Jane thought of movies where vampires could take the form of vapor, and creep in through windows and doors disguised as mist. But soon she was drowsy. A serene feeling was putting her mind at ease, silencing the little voice. This feeling reminded her of his bedroom, and the way she felt there. A few minutes later Jane fell into peaceful slumber.



Chapter 23
Friday
Three Weeks Later
Twenty three days had now passed since Jane had been with Kanin. She had not seen him in the flesh since he came to her house to talk with her, and put her fears to rest. Since then she had not heard from him. He had not called, nor had Valerie. On several occasions she thought she saw his reflection. This would happen at night, when she was out past dark, at a restaurant or leaving work late. There he would be, in human form, dressed in black. Jane would catch his reflection in a glass door, or reflecting on the windows of her car, but when she turned around, no one was there.
She drove to the airport one windy evening to get Julian. He was coming home for a few days to visit her. While she and Julian walked to the baggage claim area she suddenly felt warm and dizzy. She had to stop for a moment. When the feeling had passed, Jane turned around, scanning the gate. She knew this sensation. She had an idea of what caused this, but of course he was not there, and the gate was empty of passengers.
Another night, when it was very late, she awoke from a bad dream. She thought she saw him standing in the darkness of her room watching her. She quickly sat up and turned on the light, but when she looked back there was no one in her room. Jane had the courage to call his name. She got out of bed, and felt around the air, letting her hand run over the walls in her room, she even stepped into the darkness of the dining room thinking he might step out of the shadows, but no one answered her, and she wrote it off as shaky nerves, and her own imagination.
But the damage had been done.
Whether Jane wanted it or not, Kanin was now a permanent fixture in her mind. He was imprinted on her subconscious for all time. He, and her daily struggle against the craving for the warm feeling were a constant, silent, haunting presence in her life, and would be forever. Some days Jane felt the harder she fought the urge to return to him, the closer he seemed. This never-ending tight rope act was slowly wearing her down.
Julian had no news of Kanin. The last party the vampires had thrown had been ten days ago in Paris. Julian said Kanin and Valerie did not attend that party. There was much talk of him and his little pet human. The Parisian vampires would never say anything to his face, but behind his back they were laughing at him. Julian told Jane the vampires couldn't understand what he was doing. “Why doesn't he turn her?” one of them asked. She was disturbed by this. She hated being the cause of this trouble. But she hated the idea of being turned more.
Jane discovered that Sophie was very cruel in her criticisms of her. On many occasions Sophie reminded Julian that it was an honor to be chosen by Kanin. Sophie's dislike of Jane grew by the day. Julian felt Jane should know, and decided to tell her this not as a warning, but as an admission of fact.
As a result, Jane felt a rift forming between her and Julian. She did everything she could to make him happy short of going back to Kanin.
She was very concerned about Julian. As of late, he looked tired and haggard. He was traveling too often, and the stress from her refusal to be with Kanin registered on Julian's face. From Julian's descriptions of the parties one would think the entire vampire world had been turned upside down. She found this incomprehensible. She had never asked to be seduced by a vampire.
Julian had kept his promise. Within the last three weeks, he had toured several apartments downtown and close to the gallery. He would visit Jane often, and make sure she was safe and stable. When Julian traveled, he would park his car in her driveway until the next visit.
The first week after Kanin's visit, had been the hardest week for Jane. She carried the world on her shoulders. She cried often, spent many hours lost in thought, and most nights she either dreamed of Kanin, or had the feeling he was near her.
The second week was better; she began sleeping all night without waking, or waking only once. The crying stopped. She still dreamed of him, but the dreams were obscure, and not always about vampirism. She felt rested in the morning instead of feeling more tired then when she had gone to bed. She kept herself busy, and tried not to think of what she had lost. But she had her bad days too. Days when the craving for the warm feeling was so intense that she sat in her car, keys in hand, fighting against the little voice.
Being with Samantha was helpful. Samantha reminded her of the normal things in life, that living people could enjoy, like sunlight and families. But despite all the progress Jane had made, Kanin was always in the back of her mind. She found herself thinking of his image, imagining what he was doing, reliving the moments they had spent together, worrying about the pain she was causing him, even hoping he was thinking positively of her. For Jane, the memory of Kanin would take years to erase.
A vampire's love is not something you forget quickly.
On a sunny, late April morning, Jane was returning from her lunch at the cafe. This day had been pleasant so far for her. She found herself in high spirits which had been a rarity lately. She had finished her lunch, paid, and was enjoying her walk from the cafe. As she drew near the gallery, a strange feeling overcame her. This feeling began with a harmless glance at a car parked in front of the gallery. Jane looked the car over, it was familiar. Soon she realized who it belonged to. The smile on her face disappeared. As she walked by the car, she looked up in time to meet Valerie's silent stare, hidden behind large, dark sunglasses.
She paused. Her heart stopped for a moment. She was not prepared for a confrontation with Valerie. She found herself hoping this would be a short visit, and not dredge up a lot of painful emotion.
Jane noticed Valerie had an envelope in her hands. She feared it might be a letter from Kanin like the one he had written to her in the past. One loving, persuasive sentence would undo all her hard work. This was the last thing Jane wanted now. Contact from him would surely wear her resistance down again. She would end up in his bed, the exact place she didn't want to be.
Valerie was dressed in the dark blue jeans, a pink t-shirt, and worn tennis shoes. Her face hung in a scowl that even behind large sunglasses, Jane could see.
Jane sighed, and slowly walked towards the gallery. Valerie kept her glasses on for now, and waited for Jane to speak.
“Hello, Valerie,” Jane said.
“Can we talk inside?” Valerie asked.
“Sure.” Jane reached around Valerie, and unlocked the gallery door. She grabbed the large gold handle and opened the door for Valerie. After Valerie walked in, she went in as well, then turned and pulled the door closed behind them.
Jane led Valerie through the exhibition rooms. As they neared the kitchen door, Jane again held it open for Valerie, then followed her through. Jane stopped and waited. Valerie stopped, and turned looking at Jane. She removed her glasses.
Jane gasped. Valerie looked awful. Her eyes were tired and red, as if she had been crying for days. She was haggard, as if she had gone several nights without sleeping. Her skin was pale, and her lips were cracked. Jane feared she might have stopped eating.
She was suddenly greatly concerned for Valerie. She walked up to her, getting close, and said, “Valerie, are you okay?”
Valerie stood and stared at Jane, with a hostile expression on her face. “Do you really care?”
Jane said nothing. She bit the inside of her lip, waiting for Valerie to speak again.
Valerie did not speak, but held out the envelope, and looked away, waiting for her to take it.
With hesitation, Jane took the envelope. Worried, she looked down, and turned it over. She pulled the brads back, and lifted the flap. Inside was a piece of paper. She sighed, relieved. She pulled the certificate out and examined it. The car was hers free and clear. The title was in her name.
“Thank you,” Jane said pushing the certificate back into the envelope. She went into her office and placed the envelope on her desk, then walked back into the kitchen.
Valerie said nothing, but Jane could tell she wanted to. Valerie seemed bottled up, and about to burst. Jane knew when she finally did speak it would be ugly. She took a breath and braced herself. She hated confrontations, and this one, would be unpleasant. “Do you want a drink Valerie, or maybe we could go get something to eat? There are many restaurants around.”
“Will you go and stay with him tonight, Jane?”
She sighed heavily, and shook her head. “You know the answer to that.”
“Why are you doing this?” Valerie asked. “He misses you. I miss you.”
Jane shifted on her heels. She crossed her arms, and tossed her hair back. She had to stay strong. She ordered herself to stay calm and not cry. She looked at Valerie. “I can't,” she said. “Valerie, if you miss me you can come see me whenever you want. I just can't go to the house anymore. I can't –”
Valerie began to cry. Jane stopped talking. She put her hands on her head. She didn't know what to do or what to say. This was a first for her.
“He loves you Jane. How can you be so cruel?” Valerie sobbed. Jane ran to her office and grabbed a box of tissues. She was quickly back at Valerie's side. She set the tissues near Valerie and waited. “He would never hurt you,” Valerie said through breathy tears.
“He wants me to be a vampire Valerie, and live with him as one. I can't do that. I won't.”
Valerie shook her head. “He won't turn you. I know he won't. Can't you just come at night? Just stay with him once in awhile. There is an extra room upstairs if you are afraid of his room.”
Jane thought of the two closed doors in the hallway upstairs. Now it was confirmed. Valerie did live there, and one of those doors must be hers. Jane sighed. “That's not what he wants, Valerie, and it's not what I want. I don't want to become a vampire. Am I the only person in the world who wants to stay human?”
Valerie glanced at Jane, then looked away. She wiped her face with a tissue.
“He is sick,” Valerie said.
“What do you mean?” Jane was suddenly concerned.
“For four days he hasn't drunk any blood. He won't bite my arm.” Valerie threw her arms up in the air. “I don't know what to do,” she wailed, the tears starting again.
“Will that hurt him? He's immortal isn't he?” Jane asked.
“Yes, but he has to drink,” Valerie cried.
Jane was confused. She thought at first this was a trick from Valerie to make her go back to the house. But Valerie's concern seemed earnest.
“He is getting thin. It scares me to look at him. He stays in his room all the time. We don't travel to parties anymore. Ivan is mad at you. It's so messed up,” Valerie said.
Jane's face was crooked with fear from this news. The thought of Ivan being mad at her scared her enough without worrying about Kanin.
“I don't know what to do,” Valerie cried.
Jane began to pace. She rubbed her hands together, trying to think of a solution that didn't involve her going home with Valerie, but there was none. She threw her hands up in the air in defeat. “Maybe you should let him be, then. This is his choice. It's up to him.”
Valerie shot a hateful stare at Jane. “How can you say that? You stand there judging him like you are perfect.”
“He made his choice, Valerie. Six hundred years ago he decided.”
“But he was dying from the plague. The plague! Jesus! His wife was dead, he was dying, and he wanted to live. You would have made the same choice and so would I, and you know it!”
Jane shook her head. This wasn't fair. She wasn't facing death from the plague. Her choices were different. She wasn't sick, and she was happy as a human with a soul.
“That's not fair!” Jane yelled. “If I had known what he was, I would never have gone to the house. You, all of you lied to me. Do you have any idea how hard the last three weeks have been for me?”
Valerie said nothing, but Jane knew she understood. Valerie wiped her face with a Kleenex and blew her nose.
“You should think of yourself, Valerie. You are so young. You might want to get married or have kids one day. All this draining of your blood is bad for your body. It's hurting you.”
Valerie lowered her hand, and looked at Jane delivering a cold stare. Without tears, or emotion of any kind she said, “I will never leave them. I would die first. I would rather live to be thirty, and die from them, then live a hundred years with miserable humans.”
Jane held her breath. She could feel tears building. She thought of the scar on Valerie's hand. She knew what it was like to be unloved, and unwanted, and treated badly, but Valerie had a much worse childhood than Jane. And here was this poor girl, who, for her entire life had known nothing but monsters, whether in human form or not. And now Jane was turning away from her as well, and telling her no.
Valerie didn't cry again. Without a word, or sound, she threw the used Kleenex on the floor, replaced the dark sunglasses to her face and left. Jane didn't look back, but could hear the kitchen door open, and then a few seconds passed, and Jane heard the glass door of the gallery swing open.
She put her hand over her mouth. Within seconds she was sobbing. She covered her face and cried hard for several minutes. It didn't occur to her that the gallery was still open and unwatched at the moment. All she could think about was Kanin, and his suffering.
Half an hour passed. Jane pulled herself together enough to get her purse, shut the gallery down, and leave for home. It was all rushing back. The sex, the love, the despair, the ring, and his turning into a creature. Jane felt it all like a brick to her head, as if it had happened yesterday and not three weeks ago.
She was barely able to see past her blurred, teary eyes, as she drove home. It was early in the afternoon, and the sun was high in the sky. She wiped her face with the arm of her blouse, and tried to breathe. She thought of what to do. She didn't want to call Samantha. There would be too much to explain, and she couldn't handle Samantha right now anyway.
She thought of Julian. She could try to call him, but he probably wouldn't answer. He was in Paris at the moment. It would be late there. By the time he got her message, she might be better, or maybe she would be worse.
Jane found herself driving nowhere. She had left downtown, and was headed east, and in a neighborhood she didn't know. She continued to drive, wiping her tears, and thinking of what to do. The light coming up turned yellow then red. Jane slammed on the brakes, barely making the stop. She sat, hunched over her steering wheel, watching the light, waiting for it to change. A noise caught her attention. She looked to her right. There was a small parking lot, and behind that was a church.
She scanned the building. This church looked like a church she had gone to a few times in her youth, with the Reeds. Jane made the quick decision to pull into the parking lot. She thought maybe she would go in, and think. Perhaps a place like this would have some answers for her.
She sat in her car for a long time deciding what to do. Jane was not religious. She had never sided with a particular faith. In the years she lived with the Reeds, she had attended church maybe fifteen times, on the important occasions when people were expected to go.
She had never cared for church. To her church felt severe and oppressive. She found the sermons long winded and pointless. She did enjoy the architecture of the building, and the beautiful stained glass windows. But now she needed guidance. She found herself wishing she knew someone who could help her, but she didn't know anyone.
After much debate, she finally turned off her car. She took the key from the ignition, got her bag, and got out of the car. She looked the church over. From outside she couldn't decide which denomination it was, and the name was hidden behind some shrubbery. But to her it was the archetypal church, square on the bottom with a triangular roof, and a cross at the top as a beacon of hope.
Jane walked to the door. She wiped her tears away as she crossed the parking lot. She tried to straighten her hair, and calm down. She didn't want to bring attention to herself. She wanted to go in, sit for a moment, and leave.
She stood standing in front of the door, deciding. She forced herself to raise her hand and pull the gold knob. She leaned her head in the doorway, and looked around. The nearest room was a chapel. There were rows of benches upholstered in red velvet on either side of the sanctuary, and a center isle leading to the pulpit. Jane walked in, careful to be quiet. She continued to look around. The church at this moment, seemed to be empty. She took a seat on the last row. She took several deep breaths and started to think.
Okay, she thought to herself, one last time. Maybe she should go back to Kanin. She had never loved a man this way before. Creature or not, she couldn't stop loving him, and nothing had ever felt so right before he revealed himself to be a vampire, and even now she missed him. He was always on her mind. She now realized she had been manipulated by him every step of the way. How smart he had been to seduce her gently, allowing her to fall in love with him, instead of taking her by force. But he pitied her after she rejected him, and pity is a human emotion, not an emotion for a monster. Perhaps that would be his undoing. Jane was a free, thinking, woman. Tempted as she was she knew her own mind, and at the hardest moment in her life, she had made the right decision. And night after night Kanin had let her go.
The way he manipulated her reminded her of the story of the wind and the sun. One day the wind happened to see a person on the ground, clutching a large coat around his body. The wind said to the sun, 'I bet I can make that person take their coat off.' The Sun waited and watched the wind to see if the wind could accomplish this. The wind blew hard, sending waves of air over the person. The person simply pulled his coat tighter around his body. Then it was the sun's turn. The sun shinned brightly, extending hot, calm rays over the person, but not in a forceful way. The person became hot, and willingly took off his coat. Jane imagined the warm feeling. It was the greatest feeling she had ever known.
She thought about what Valerie had said. For her to stay with him at night, and nothing more. Jane thought about compromise, and what she could offer him. But if he wanted a vampire for a wife what could she do? She was not willing to be turned.
The church didn't seem to be helping her at all. She sat with her hands folded and eyes closed, but no answers were coming. She was still confused, and was getting upset again. Hiding away in here wouldn't solve her problems. This was only wasting time.
“Hello?” a voice came.
Jane jumped, and opened her eyes. She was startled to see an old man looking at her. The man looked like a minister or what she had heard called 'a servant of the Lord.' He was dressed in black, and had a white collar. He had a kind, wrinkled face. She stared at him and didn't know what to say.
“Are you a new member,” the man asked?
“No,” Jane said, shaking her head. “I will leave.” She grabbed her bag and started to stand.
“You can stay, my dear,” the man said, holding his hand out. He waved his hand slowly up and down, motioning for her to sit. “We are all welcome in the Lord's house,” the man said smiling.
Jane sat back down.
“Can I help you?” the man asked, raising his brushy white eyebrows.
“Well,” she said, her voice shaky. “I need some advice I guess.”
The man smiled. He seemed more than pleased to help.
Jane inhaled, and crossed her legs, thinking of how to phrase her question. “There is someone I know. Someone I'm worried about, and I think this person is evil.”
“Evil?” the man repeated.
“Bad,” Jane quickly said. She had no idea how to say what she needed to say. “There is a man in my life that I care about, but he has done some bad things.”
The man said nothing, just nodded and listened.
“He is trying to be better,” Jane added quickly. “But I'm worried. If he has done bad things, if I am with him, does that make me bad too? Would it hurt my chances of –” she stopped and looked at the man. He was very serious, looking at Jane and listening to her.
“At the end of my life I want to know that I lived right, in case there is a heaven.” She looked up at the man quickly. Her words seemed to linger in the air like a confession. She felt like an idiot for coming here. The man was looking Jane over, considering this question.
Jane figured the first thing he would ask her is if she had ever been baptized, or if she believed in God. Maybe he was thinking she was married to an abusive man who gave her a few good whacks now and then, and was trying to decide if she should leave him or not. But the truth was she didn't know what he was thinking, and there was no way she was going to let the word Vampire slip out. She was sure the man would have her wrestled to the ground, restraining her, as another church member called the hospital to come and take her away.
She was about to leave. This was a dumb idea, and she felt she was making an ass of herself. The silence was deafening, and filled with dismay. Jane put the strap of her purse over her shoulder. She was just about to stand up.
The man finally said, “I can help you with your spiritual life – not the sins of another person.”
Jane looked at the man.
The elderly man smiled, and said, “Perhaps, if you could tell me more about yourself I could help you, or direct you to someone else.”
Jane looked disappointed, but not surprised. She wanted an easy answer, and there was none. At this moment, she realized she had to answer this question for herself. This was her choice, and a growing part of her already knew the answer. Jane smiled at the clergyman, and thanked him. The man raised his hand, and said, “May the Lord be with you, and guide you always.”
She thanked him again, rose, and turned, and headed for the door. As she left the building the sun hit her in the face. It had moved down in the sky and was a tiny bit closer to the horizon. She walked to her car in a better mood then when she had arrived. She wasn't sure if she was sad anymore. Maybe there was some compromise she could make, if only there was a way to work it out for both of them. She was almost at her car. She got in her car, and left the parking lot. She drove back to a point where she recognized the area, then drove the distance to her home.
When Jane got home, she parked her car, and went directly inside. She needed to think and figure out what to do. She put her purse down, and went to her bedroom. She stood in front of the dresser, and pulled the sock drawer open, and dug for the pouch. Finding it, Jane pulled the pouch out, and sat on the bed.
“What are you doing?” the little voice asked.
“I just want to see it,” Jane said quickly. With her fingers she loosened the strings and reached her fingers inside for the ring. With a feeling of relief she pulled it out, and looked at it.
The little voice sighed. “This is what he wants. It's what they all want. Don't let them get to you!”
But Jane ignored the voice. She didn't have the courage to say aloud that this is what she wanted. Craving forbidden love and the warm feeling. She wanted to be with Kanin. She couldn't fight the warm feeling anymore. She missed Kanin, and she was determined to see him again.
The little voice sighed. There was nothing it could do. It had won the battle, but it knew it was losing this war.
Jane thought about Kanin in his weakened state. Part of him was monstrous, but she didn't want him to die. She didn't want him to be sick and suffering because of her. And he loved her for her. This love was not based on beauty or money. Jane had never loved a man the way she loved him, and she was slowly starving herself to death for his love. At the very least they could have one more conversation. She realized that maybe she could find happiness with him. What difference did it make if he was a vampire? Jane thought about her aunt, and all the years she wasted by hating Jane. Instead her aunt chose to shun Jane, when they could have been close.
Jane had known Julian most of her life, and until he confessed to her about Sophie, she had never known about his secret, and Julian was still human. The world didn't need to know what Jane did, and she didn't have to settle for a lonely existence. As long as she could live with herself at the end of the day, what harm would it do? As long as Kanin didn't turn her, then what could it hurt to try? She was feeling better, but the little voice wasn't convinced.
It asked “how could we ever be safe with a vampire?”
Jane did not answer the voice this time. She set the ring on her nightstand, by the clock. There was no easy answer to this question.
With a deep breath she rose up. She was hungry and tired. She went to her kitchen, and fixed herself dinner. After eating and cleaning up, she left the kitchen, and went into her bathroom. She showered, and brushed her teeth, then turned out lights around the house. She slid into bed, and laid on her side looking at the ring. There would be limits to what she could do for him. The only way this would work is if he made her a promise. He would have to swear to never turn her. Jane also feared the thought of him drinking her blood. This plan had more problems that she wanted, but what could she do? This was the way it would have to be if he wanted to be with her.
Jane left the light on. She wanted to see the ring. She wanted to give herself time. Her mind was churning – she thought she would never get to sleep. Jane rubbed her feet together, and made herself empty her mind. She focused on the ring, and all it's beauty. Before long she was yawning.
She fell asleep soon after that, with the light on in her room, and the ring shimmering back at her from the nightstand.



Chapter 24
It was twenty seven minutes after 5am. Jane was in bed, mumbling and moving her head. Her eyes were tightly shut, and she was saying, no, no, over and over.
She was having a nightmare.
Her dream had started out innocently enough. Jane found herself at Kanin's house. She was watching Valerie and Kanin discuss his lack of interest in drinking blood. They were in his bedroom. Kanin looked gaunt and frail. Not anything like his robust self. Valerie looked weak, her eyes still red, and lips parched.
Jane was trying to speak, but she could not be seen or heard. All she could do was watch.
The talking grew louder and the argument escalated. Kanin stood up and began throwing the artifacts Jane had examined in his room against the wall, shattering them. He jerked the tapestry off the wall, and ripped it into pieces with his long monstrous nails, until it was shredded, and scattered in little bits on the floor.
Valerie was screaming at him to stop. She was begging him to drink from her arm, sticking it out over and over in front of him, but he refused and finally shoved Valerie out of his way, knocking her to the floor.
Kanin left the room, and walked down the hallway. He jumped the banister and landed unharmed on the floor below. Valerie got up, and chased after him. Jane continued to watch, trying to speak to him, but he did not hear her.
They started to argue again. He told Valerie he was tired of living. He was old, and lonely. He said over and over to Valerie 'she's not coming back.' Six hundred years was enough. Before Valerie could stop him, he had crossed through the large, open room and down the short hallway. He was gone.
Jane heard the front door opening. She ran with Valerie to see what was happening.
Valerie was already screaming. She knew what was going on before Jane understood. Kanin had walked into the daylight, into the sun. He screamed 'Jane! Jane! Jane!'
Soon pockets of his clothing had opened up, and burst into flame.
Valerie screamed at the horrific scene of his suicide.
He fell to his knees now burning all over, and suddenly exploded into blankets of ash and flame.



Chapter 25
Jane sat straight up in her bed, her eyes wide open, not blinking. Her heart was racing, and she trembled. Without hesitation or thought, she tossed off the covers, and scooted off the bed. She stood up and looked around the room.
There on the nightstand was the ring. She smiled, relieved to see it there, and grabbed it. Jane looked at it briefly, then put it on her right index finger, sliding it down as far as it would go. She turned the light off in her room, and in the darkness headed straight for the second bedroom.
She flipped the light on, went to the closet door, opened it, and yanked a white t-shirt off a plastic hanger. She had no time to waste. She was quickly on the other side of the room pulling jeans from a drawer. She did not bother closing the drawer from which them came. She dug her feet into the first pair of shoes she saw which were the low heels she had worn the day before. They were still sitting on the floor by the window. In a second she had the lights off and was out of the room.
Jane quickly ran to the dining room. In the darkness she felt for her purse, and plucked it from the table. Her hand swam for her keys in the pit of her purse. She was already half way across the room when she found them. She unlocked her door, and stepped outside.
For the first time in five minutes, Jane stopped, and looked around. It would have been pitch black if not for the clear sky, streetlamps and a bit of moonlight. She looked at the moon, and thought of Kanin. He was the moon to her sun, the night to her day. She would never be complete without him. Few people were out. There was little sound and movement. She clutched the car keys in her hand, and was moving again, quickly, in the direction of her car.
Upon reaching her car Jane unlocked the door and got in. She tossed her purse on the seat next to her, and turned the key. The car hummed to life. She turned the headlights on, pulled her seat belt across her body, clicked it, and put the car in gear. With a quick look behind her, she was on the road.
Jane could think of nothing but him. She prayed he was okay. Surely he was still alive, and it was dark outside for now, leaving no chance for him to walk into the sunlight.
She didn't bother with music or the air conditioner. She simply drove, focused on the road. The larger roads were beginning to swell with morning rush hour traffic. Jane avoided these streets as best as she could, but the traffic did slow her down occasionally. Cars were lined up at intersections, and Jane had to wait several cycles at each light.
Before long she turned left on the long straight road that would take her to him. With several glances at the ring, she rehearsed what to say to him. What she was willing to do, and not willing to do. If he refused her promise, she would have to leave him again. That she could not bear. She tensed with nervous excitement. She was almost to the gate. She turned right, and pulled up to the gate stopping just in time to interact with the speaker. Jane quickly pushed the button to roll down the window, and stuck her hand outside. She pushed the button on the intercom and waited. Several seconds passed. She heard nothing. Again she pressed the button, holding it down for several seconds this time, but still she heard nothing.
Jane didn't know what to do. Where was Valerie? She suddenly gasped, maybe Valerie wasn't here and Kanin wouldn't answer the intercom. Jane looked around in a panic, then suddenly had an idea. She would have to drive her car through the gate.
“This is a bad idea,” the little voice warned.
But Jane ignored the voice. She already had her hand on the gearshift, just about to put it in reverse when a dreary voice sounded from the intercom.
“Hello?”
“Valerie, it's Jane. Open the gate.”
There was a long pause. Jane waited, holding her breath. She didn't know if Valerie would let her in or not after their confrontation the day before. Suddenly the gate began to roll open. Jane sighed, relieved. As soon as she had space, she hit the gas and flew past the gate, and toward the house.
She could already see the front door opening. Valerie was dressed in the same clothes she had worn the day before. Light flooded around her coming from the inside of the house. Jane stopped the car by the front door. She didn't bother with her purse. She opened the door, and got out of the car, slamming the door behind her. She ran up to Valerie winded. “Is he alive?” Jane asked.
Valerie nodded.
“What do we do?” Jane asked.
“He has to drink. Maybe he will now that you are here.” Valerie had turned, and was already moving through the house.
“Valerie,” Jane called after her.
Valerie stopped and turned around.
“I won't let him drink my blood – not yet,” she said.
Valerie nodded quickly, understanding what she needed to do. In a hurry she ran through the hall to the kitchen. Jane ran after her, trying to keep up. She saw that Valerie had gone through the kitchen into the next room which held the keys to the cars, the laundry machines, and the two refrigerators. Jane had wondered about this once, why there were two extra refrigerators. She stopped, frozen in place, suddenly realizing what they held. She approached Valerie slowly. Valerie had opened one of the refrigerator doors, and was kneeling in front of it, loading her arms up with something. Something red in little bags. Jane covered her mouth, and turned around.
Valerie saw Jane leaning over, with her hand over her mouth, and said, “Are you going to throw up?”
Jane shook her head, and breathed deeply. The nausea was passing, but she still couldn't look. Jane heard Valerie close the refrigerator door. Valerie stood up, and approached her cautiously. She stopped and looked at Jane. Jane glanced sideways at all the bags in Valerie's hands and arms. The blood swayed and moved in the bags. Jane didn't remember blood looking so thick and dark. She managed to look up at Valerie.
Valerie said, “I'll go ahead, and tell him you're here. I know he will drink these if he knows you've come.”
Jane nodded her head, and glanced down at the gruesome color of the bags, then closed her eyes. Without another word, Valerie was off. Jane could hear her shoes squeaking around the house. Soon Valerie was climbing the stairs. Jane let out a long breath. She opened her eyes. She didn't know why, but something inside herself was pulling her towards the refrigerators. She had to see the blood for herself. She turned around and walked into the room with the refrigerators. She opened the door to the fridge Valerie had dug through. There, in rows, were bags of blood, neatly chilled and lined up. The fridge was full except for the bags Valerie had taken.
“Oh my God,” the little voice said. “Whose blood is it?”
Jane closed the door, pale from this discovery. She glanced behind her at the other fridge. There was no need to check, she knew what it held.
Jane heaved a sigh, and walked out of this room, through the kitchen. She would have to accept this to be with him. She didn't know if she could do that. Before long she was at the hallway. Jane walked slowly. She didn't want to see him drinking the blood. Not this first time anyway. She would have to get used to it all, and over time come to terms with the horror of it.
Soon Jane was at the base of the stairs. She started up, counting her way. Reaching the number twenty nine she was at the top. She turned around and looked over the banister. She shuddered, remembering the feeling of her body falling towards the floor just a short month ago. The distance seemed so far. Her mind couldn't handle it. She closed her eyes, and spun the memory in a different direction, instead remembering that Kanin had saved her life.
Jane turned around, and started down the hall. She could hear noise coming from the bedroom. There was movement, and groaning as if someone were sick. She approached the door slowly, half afraid to look inside. As she put her head past the door she saw Kanin. He was standing over the bed looking down at Valerie. The wall across from the bed was blank and white, with graying edges around it as if something had been removed. Jane gasped shocked to see the tapestry gone. Bits of it lay around the room on the floor. Her eyes followed the torn pieces to a pile that made her stop. Just a few feet in front of her she saw the bags of blood, but now they were empty.
“How could they all be empty, and this fast?” The little voice asked. “He gorged himself?”
Jane felt the blackness coming again, but she put her hands over her eyes, and took several deep breaths. The blackness passed, along with the urge to vomit. She looked up to see Kanin watching her.
Jane froze. Even if she had wanted to run to him she couldn't move. She felt such relief and joy to be near him again, it was all too much. She covered her mouth with her hand, and began to cry. She had fantasized about this moment for weeks. And now it was a reality. This outburst didn't last long, and she quickly recovered, wiping her face with her hand, overcome with happiness at being near him again.
Kanin walked over to her. He looked normal to Jane. No, better than normal. He was hearty and alive, and he looked happy to see her. Jane thought her heart might burst through her chest. It was pounding quickly. She smiled as he got closer, her eyes locked on his.
Jane would never forget the expression on his face. He was his normal charming and easy self, but his eyes betrayed a mixture of shock and relief. All sadness was gone. In a rush of movement, he hugged Jane.
Jane sighed blissfully satisfied, and closed her eyes. She wrapped her arms around him and held him close. The warm feeling returned, and Jane welcomed it. Never would she part with him, or this feeling again.
Low moans were coming from the bed now. Jane loosened her grip on Kanin, and looked past him at the bed. Valerie was sitting up. Jane noticed she had a gauze pad with tape on her arm, in the same place Julian had one.
“That will soon be you, if you don't leave now,” the little voice warned.
But Jane ignored it. She pulled back from Kanin and looked into his eyes. He seemed to understand her, and let her go, moving out of her way. Jane smiled and walked carefully over to Valerie, avoiding the empty bags of blood and the shredded tapestry.
Valerie looked pale and weak. She lifted her head, and squinted at Jane. Jane sat down on the bed beside her, and put her arm around Valerie. Valerie ran her hand through her hair, and managed to smile at Jane.
“What can I do? Do you want something to eat?” Jane said.
Valerie nodded, saying she was thirsty.
Jane was about to stand up, when she noticed Kanin was gone. Jane got up, and walked halfway across the room, when Kanin suddenly appeared. It was incredible to her, seeing him move so fast. In less than ten seconds he was back with a glass of juice, and a sliced green apple on a plate. Jane stood shocked, with her mouth open, and eyes wide.
Kanin grinned and chuckled, amused by her reaction, and walked past her giving the food to Valerie. Valerie took the juice, and drank half the glass, then took a piece of apple and ate it quickly. Then she took another, and ate it quietly. Jane and Kanin watched Valerie eat. Jane took peeks at Kanin as the sounds of Valerie's chewing filled the room. Jane found herself relaxing, now that the tense part of the morning was past her. She smiled as Valerie bit pieces from the apple. Jane rubbed Valerie's back in slow circles.
Jane sighed and rotated her neck. Kanin was fine. Valerie was improving. All of this made her happy. Several minutes passed. Before long, Valerie had finished all the food, and set the plate on the floor. She sat back up, resting her palms on the bed, and looked at Jane.
But her face was sad. Jane could see Valerie's eyes were filling with tears, and she knew what was coming. Valerie said, “I'm sorry, Jane.”
Jane was already shaking her head. “I know,” she said.
“Yesterday I was just mad. I didn't mean what I said.”
“It's okay Valerie, truly. Don't worry about it for another minute.”
They hugged each other close. Jane smiled as Valerie cried. It was important to her that she didn't reject Valerie again. More rejection was the last thing Jane wanted her to feel. A few seconds passed, and Valerie let her go. She smiled at Jane, and wiped her face. “I'm glad you came, Jane.”
“Me too,” Jane said, smiling a sweet smile at Valerie.
Then Valerie looked at Kanin, and stood up. Without a word, she bent down and took the plate and glass from the floor, and left the room. A hundred questions circled in Jane's mind. She wanted to ask about the blood, and the tapestry, but said nothing. Instead she waited until Valerie was far enough away before she looked at Kanin. He was watching her with the same intense stare he always had. Jane was nervous. He always made her heart race the way it did the first time she saw him. She stared at him in wonder. He was amazing to her. This creature, this man didn't frighten her anymore. There was now just a thrill at being this close to him.
Kanin didn't move. He stood tall, and silent, dressed in black, arms at his sides. His eyes followed Jane as she stood and approached him, never taking his eyes off her face.
Jane walked over to him, her eyes on the floor, carefully stepping over ripped pieces of tapestry here and there. She regretted something so historic being destroyed. But she was relieved the tapestry had suffered and not Kanin.
She stopped a few feet away from him, and looked up. He was watching her, grinning down at her with the same hungry look he always had, making her feel giddy. She wanted this feeling to last. Instead of walking directly to him in a straight line, she began to circle him, slowly.
Kanin bent his head back letting out a low laugh, understanding what she was doing. For once, she was stalking him.
Jane grinned. This was playful and fun and she wanted to enjoy it. Without looking at him, she opened her mouth and said, “I had a nightmare.”
Kanin said nothing.
“You were walking into the sun,” she said, stopping, and being serious for a moment. She looked at him, her face twisted with pain.
“There's no need for that now,” he said.
Jane sighed, looked down, and circled him again. “I dreamed you called my name. Did you actually call it, or was I just dreaming?” Jane did not stop moving this time. She kept her head down, moving around him slowly.
“I called your name three times, in despair,” he said quietly.
Jane stopped moving for a moment, then again paced.
“I didn't think you would ever come back,” Kanin said, watching her move around him.
“I almost didn't,” she said in a quiet tone.
Kanin moved forward, and to the left. As Jane rounded him on the right he put his arm out in her path, and caught her. He quickly moved her towards him, pressing her back close to his chest, hugging her closely, as she faced away from him. With his right hand he felt down the length of her right arm, and ran his fingers over hers.
Jane closed her eyes, once again enjoying his nearness.
Kanin felt the ring on her index finer. Jane lifted her hand slightly, expanding her fingers, allowing Kanin to slide the ring from her hand. With the removal of the ring, Jane moved forward a bit and turned around.
Kanin was holding the ring in between his fingers, waiting.
Jane took a breath and gathered her courage. It was now or never. “I will stay with you all the days of my natural life, but you have to promise me something.”
Kanin held the ring down, near her hand, watching her, waiting to hear her condition.
“Never turn me,” she gasped, having said it. Jane took a breath. “If you lose control with me, don't turn me, let me die,” she whispered. She looked at him, trembling, with tears building in her eyes. This was harder than she had imagined. If he said no, then she would leave, and stay gone forever this time. All hope would be lost for this love, and Jane would return to her reality, and wither away like Echo, to a wisp of a woman. But it had to be this way. Jane, no matter how hard it would be for her, could not give up her soul.
She watched his face closely, anxious for his answer.
Kanin smiled at her, and nodded. With this he placed the ring on her left hand, ring finger, and kissed her with a passion she hadn't felt for weeks. This was the dizzy kiss. Jane knew she could never give this feeling up again. Death would have been better than the fall from this feeling.
Several minutes passed. Jane withdrew her lips, and looked at Kanin and smiled. She was a mixture of tired, and warm, and sleepy emotions. Her energy was drained, and she found herself reeling in the cave-like feeling of his room.
She removed her hands from his neck, and took him by the hand. She led him out of the bedroom and down the hall. She stopped, suddenly aware of the long drop over the stairwell, and carefully made the turn at the top of the stairs. Together they descended the stairwell, stopping at the bottom.
Valerie had reappeared, and was coming into the large open room, eyebrows raised in a question. Seeing that all was good this time, she smiled and looked happily at Jane. Her desolate face was brightening, and she was no longer so pale.
Jane let go of Kanin's hand. She would be by his side again soon enough. She walked over to Valerie, and hugged her one more time. Jane had finally found what she always wanted, a family and love.
Valerie pulled back and said, “Jane, I can leave, and live with Ivan if that's what you want?” The excitement in Valerie's voice made her grin.
This thought had never even occurred to her. Now that she was Kanin's wife, it would be expected that she live with him. Then Jane thought of Sophie. The chill from three weeks ago returned. How would Sophie react to all of this? She was too tired to worry about it now, and didn't want to spoil this moment. But she was warming up to the idea of being important to Kanin, and all its potential.
I will be the second most important person in the vampire world, she thought. Jane smirked at this. Valerie, bounced up and down, looking at Jane waiting for an answer.
Jane smiled and said, “Let's talk about that later.”
Valerie nodded in agreement.
Jane looked back at Kanin. “I will be right back,” she said looking between the two of them.
She needed a moment to think – a moment to herself – away from the blood, the rush and the warm and dizzy feeling. Jane felt it like a lack of oxygen in the room. She walked in the direction of the short path, then down the hallway to the door. She opened the front door of the house. Without closing the door, she stepped carefully down the steps, past her car, and made her way along the gravel path. She crossed the lawn until she was standing directly in the first rays of the morning sun, making sure it hit every part of her body.
Jane smiled, feeling the ring on her left hand. She looked up at the sky and closed her eyes as the warm sun caressed her face. There was a sound from the house. She looked to her right and squinted, putting her hand over her eyes, to see Kanin standing a few feet back inside the doorway watching her. He had sunglasses on. Behind him was Valerie. Jane was close enough that she could see Valerie was grinning, her childlike face beaming, and this made her happy. Bizarre as it was, this was now her family. This was her home.
For now, Jane felt everything was going to be okay. Valerie was content, Kanin was alive, a promise had been made, she could continue to live as a human with her eternity safe. But even in the bright sun a dark fear lingered in the recesses of her mind. It was that question that the little voice would never stop asking as long as she stayed with Kanin. What if? What if Kanin lost control and killed her? Or even worse. Broke his promise and turned her. What if Sophie, fueled by anger and jealousy, lost control and drained her before Kanin could stop her? Choosing this path would forever place her in danger, and Jane knew this. The thought was frightening and exhilarating, but even if she wanted to, she could not stop now. The warm feeling was impossible to overcome. She knew she could never go back to a life of boredom and silence, preferring the edge of love with its spectacular view, a dangerous place or not.



Book 2: The Vampire's Wife coming soon.
