"I Am Lance Richard, 
Deity Lord." Book 3
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Part One: Osiris

Jinks dreamed of a young male appearing to be a child with long black hair, pointed ears all white Shadonian eyes and tan skin with fanged teeth shown wearing a white skirt wrapped around the waist staring out an open window in a room with walls appearing to be stone. 
He heard a name “Osiris.” 
Jinks watched as Osiris he assumed acted like he heard his name called walked from the window to the door and then spun around as a flash of light was seen from behind him. Osiris he saw appeared to stare with shock seeing a female form appearing to be an adult wearing a blue jumpsuit and black hair with a Human form standing in the room that abruptly crumbled to the ground. Osiris with hesitance in his movements went to the female to kneel next to her poking her with a clawed finger on her stomach. Osiris abruptly withdraw his hand like he touched something hot as a crack sound was heard and the female Human’s form burst apart falling into dirt showing a female child with appearance identical to Osiris by the face looking asleep while wearing a white strapless dress on her form. Osiris reached out a hand and the female woke up with a gasp showing Human golden eyes that appeared to be nervous as they fell on the male. 
Jinks heard Osiris speak “Isis.” 
He watched as the female and Osiris got up hugging each other in a tight grip as the scene went black. 
Jinks came to feel himself lying on a bed still wearing his clothes and there was an oxygen mask on the lower half of his face. He felt dizziness opened his eyes to see a blurry figure’s head in his eyes sight and felt a headache of his mind being scanned. The figure’s features came into view showing an adult version of Osiris staring at him while wearing a bottle like crown on his head with two small golden like snakes jutting from the crown. Jinks blinked his eyes staring at the figure as he felt air pushed into him from the oxygen mask that was making him sleepy and the sleepiness persisted making him shut his eyes falling asleep. 
Jinks dreamed of the grown up Osiris wearing robes and a skirt talking to a male figure with similar appearance on the face but dressed in just a skirt. He watched words unheard as the crowned Osiris walked away turning his back to the other figure and stiffened seeing the other figure pull out a knife and charged to the crowned male putting it in the crowned figure’s back who fell to his knees then crumbled to the ground as the dream went black. 
Jinks found the dream changed to show an eyes sight point of view of lying under a forest of trees moaning in pain as five figures walked in the eyes sight. He saw four men with all black eyes and a young girl child with Shadonian white eyes that seemed familiar like he knew her somewhere. One of the men with long black hair walked out of view and the eye sight twisted to the side as if put to the side and there was a loud groan of pain and the eye sight jerk as if the head shook then the eye sight was put back facing the men as if laid on the back. The eye sight focused on the black haired man holding a knife with red blood on it stained the blade as the young girl child leaned down putting a hand on eye sight’s body and there was a loud groan sound that changed to a moan of pleasure then the young girl placed a hand on the eye sight’s eyes forcing them closed. Then the eyes opened to shift views changed to show the Osiris lying on a beach that jerked his eyes open with a start staring at the palm trees overhead and the gave out a loud groan noise shutting his eyes as a loud crack sounded followed by the body shriveling to dirt. In the body’s place was a Human man with long black hair Jinks dreaming recognized as Lance Richard complete with his familiar clothing without his crown on his head that jerked his eyes open and sat up. 
He heard spoken “Osiris.” 
The dream despite the Shadonian accent word, went black. 
Jinks came to with his eyes closed to find himself lying on something feeling like a couch and his right ear was very itchy. He reached with a hand and gave the ear several hard scratches till he heard ahem sound sounding in a Shadonian accent in a male tone. Jinks jerked his eyes open showing night vision to see the ceiling made out of metal and sat up to face a few arm lengths ahead of him besides the couch was a large glass window with curtains besides it showing a large giant walkway down below the window with people appearing to be Shadonians wandering around. Jinks recalled the Shadonians were twin to Humans via body forms but had pointed ears and all white eyes and black skin color including odd eyesight of seeing differently from Humans. He heard the ahem sound again looked at his right to see sitting in a couch opposite from him was a Shadonian wearing clothing similar to the Shadonians outside the window and behind the Shadonian and couch were two Shadonians wearing metallic like clothing close to their body forms with long sticks with a flower end in one of their hands eyes appearing to be narrowed staring at him. 
The Shadonian on the couch spoke words that took him a bit to understand the language was Basic the international language saying “About time you woke up.”
He pulled his legs off the couch to sit facing the Shadonian who gestured with a hand towards the low table between them while again speaking “Have a drink, I think you need it.” 
Jinks looked at the table to see a large cup appearing to be filled with thick liquid which he picked up and took a sip discovering it was strawberry milkshake gulped the contents down till there was nothing left then placed the cup back on the low table to stare at the Shadonian. 
The Shadonian spoke “I should introduce myself. I’m High Lord Torvid ruler of the Shadonia. Pleasant to meet you Jenks Minstrel and excuse the way I said your name. It’s quite common among Shadonian males to speak non Shadonians’ names wrong.”
Jinks frowned but kept his mouth shut as there was a door opening sound and he looked at his right to see a female Shadonian having a fat woman's form walking into the room from a doorway speaking in gibberish which he figured was foreign language. 
He heard the High Lord speak in Basic again to him “I must take this so feel free to wander around the room but don’t leave. We’re highly suspicious of visitors.” 
Jinks frowned some more and got up from the couch going behind it to stare at the open doorway as the High Lord and the female chatted in their foreign language. He eyed a wall filled with objects appearing to be books sitting next to the open doorway and with a shrug walked towards them. He reaching the books reached out a hand and felt a pulling sensation that told him his hand was being guided towards a book which he tracked till it landed on a book at his waist height. He felt the book’s thickness gently pulled it out and with his other hand pulled it open to show part of the book was cut out to hold an object his eyes saw was a necklace chain with a crystal like pendant attached. He reached with a hand and lifted the pendant out and then with his other hand put the book back into the bookcase. He unclasped the clasp and placed the necklace around his neck that felt like a choker necklace but with room for him to breathe. Jinks felt a charge of electrical currents come from the necklace hitting him as he shut his eyes fisting his hands. He saw an image of himself with longer hair lying in a bed with a female he heard the name of Orria spoken. He saw himself take off the necklace he saw was identical to the one he put on and placed it around Orria’s neck followed by her laughing with a cruel look in her eyes as she placed a hand on his forehead and he jerked falling back into the bed. The image changed to show himself as Lance Richard without the crown on his head walking in a field with a sword in his hand among figures wearing armor busy fighting each other not noticing him. Lance he saw had an angry look on his face raised the sword up as a figure on a horse arrived charging at him. Lance he saw held up a bare hand waving it as the horse reared up throwing the rider off of him that fell off hitting the ground. Lance walked to the rider yanking off the helmet showing a male Human, Jinks saw seemed familiar to him looking dead by the deadened look in his open eyes. Lance reached around the male's neck and pulled off a necklace he recognized as the one he gave Orria and then placed it around his neck followed by grabbing the helmet and yanking off the crown off it and placed it on his head. Lance put away the sword and went to the horse getting on it and rode away through the fighting. The image again changed to show Lance standing next to a bed with Orria lying on it looking pale which he held up a hand and curled it into a fist as a pained look arrived to the woman’s face followed by her appearing to be choking by her hands clawing her throat before becoming still with open eyes giving a deadened look as the scene went black.
Jinks felt himself back in the High Lord’s room still standing with hands fisted. He opened his eyes and raised his left hand showing the scar and stared at it. He watched as the scar faded from view with the hand’s skin repairing itself showing no scar left in place. He fisted his hand as a whining like squeal was heard on his right side which he saw a figure his senses told him was an Annukai standing there with a gun object pointed at him. 
Jinks eyed the Annukai who spoke in a sneering voice in Basic “The necklace, you will give it to me.” 
Jinks’ senses blared as he sensed two life forms on the Annukai one he recognized as a spider a large tarantula and the other a large hand sized dormant scorpion his eyes saw was both on the Annukai’s left arm. He eyed the Annukai who again gave out his demand repeating his words. Jinks allowed the Master through and uncurled his left hand and fisted it hard as the Annukai bent down groaning a bare hand touching the chest area. 
He mentally ordered “Spider, sting the scorpion now.” 
He kept his hand fisted as the spider he eyed reared up with fangs and stung the scorpion which unclasped itself from the Annukai’s arm and fell apart in pieces as the Annukai he saw groaned loudly before falling to the floor form still. Jinks eyed the Annukai who appeared to be asleep by the eyes’ closed with chest up and down as if breathing as he willed the Master away. He heard nothing from the Shadonians in the room and sensed them watching him by his right ear itching again. He turned around and saw the Shadonians were all looking at him with blank expressions on their faces as he went to a couch and sat opposite from the High Lord with the Shadonians watching his move. Jinks frowned as the High Lord spoke in foreign language then the female Shadonian walked away and he heard a door closing sound. 
The High Lord spoke “Osiris, Deity God of the underworld, a legend and a secret among my family line that has been passed as a story from parent to child. An ancient family legend says that a predecessor named Torvid and his mate came upon a male matching the description of a Deity God of the Underworld named Osiris sick on the ground and were compelled to stand over watching him. Torvid who I have taken his name for his honor observed Osiris’ body form turn into dirt revealing Human male wearing different clothing in his place.”
Jinks stiffened hearing the High Lord’s words as he recalled a dream of Osiris changing into Lance as the High Lord continued speaking “Now according to legend the Human male refused to give out a name but taught Torvid the language of Basic and said to Torvid that he’ll return when the Shadonia needed him. Later another predecessor named Vinissa at her old age revealed a secret to her offspring. She told of being kidnapped by a Drainer named Hades and a Shadonian male named Horan later her mate wound up getting himself taken with her. They were brought to a cave in a gorge valley on a sand storm island. Hades for some reason according to Vinissa smelled blood of a Human that was driving the Drainer crazy to attack the walls of the cave causing the cave to shake which Vinissa and Horan managed to escape before the entrance collapsed. The secret Vinissa revealed was that she and Horan were traveling towards a Shadonian seaport on the island when a sand storm arrived and the only shelter was a giant boulder which they clung to and sensed a figure smelling of a Human in the vicinity as the storm blew. The blowing sand they discovered refused to hit them but acted like it was repelled away from them which they saw a figure matching the Human Osiris’ description nearby them waving his hands. Vinissa figured out that Human Osiris was manipulating the sand to avoid hitting them hence it being repelled. This continued till night fall when the storm stopped and Human Osiris sunk into the earth disappearing from view. Vinissa and Horan as a result were able to get to the seaport without any problems.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the High Lord paused to scratch his ear then continued to speak “One of Vinissa’s offspring a son named Vinran revealed a secret to his offspring before he passed away cycles after Vinissa passed away. His secret was Human Osiris came to him while he was in a forest struggling to find food. Human Osiris he told led him to a large cave with doors inside and with a wave of hand got the doors opened which revealed a huge hallway ramp going down. Human Osiris insisted to Vinran to go inside which he did and discovered the Shadonia’s current home including technology and all the things to survive living there came with it. His discovery was during the time of the Shadonia having a civil war due to their High Lord went missing unexpectedly and leaving no heir old enough to take his place. Vinran managed to share the cave’s contents with the other Shadonia but omitted that Human Osiris revealed it to him. The Shadonia later declared Vinran High Lord and stopped their civil war. As for Vinran he with help of technology managed to pass on a tradition of leaving instructions of who will take his place as High Lord in case of his heir not old enough to take his place. This came in handy when my predecessor High Lord Sherey passed away unexpectedly of a medical ailment leaving no heir old enough to take his place. He did leave instructions to have me take his place as High Lord which I am ruling now.” 
Jinks yawned unexpectedly putting a hand over his open mouth. 
He heard the High Lord speak again “Feel free to lie down on the couch if you’re tired.” 
Jinks obeyed laying his form on the couch and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks woke up feeling himself lying in a bed with an oxygen mask on the lower half of his face and his mind was being scanned by a Highlander he saw was in view leaning over him while staring at him along with feeling a cold smooth hand touching his cheek as he was being scanned. 
Jinks mentally spoke with eyes on the Highlander “What happened to me?”
He saw the Highlander’s mouth move words spoken in gibberish he figured was a foreign language followed by another Highlander accent speaking in identical foreign language as another Highlander appeared in view leaning over him opposite from the first spoken Highlander. He stared at them as they both continued to speak in foreign language then stopped as the second Highlander left his view. Jinks felt the air of the oxygen mask blow harder into him who he was forced to breathe and felt sleepiness hitting him. He blinked his eyes resisting against the sleepiness till it became dominant and he shut his eyes passing out.
Jinks woke up with a start to feel a foot connecting with his stomach. He felt the ground was appearing to be made out of metal jerked open his eyes. He looked at the foot’s owner to see it belonged to a manoid figure with a Human like muscular form with a white skirt wrapped around and a Jackal head which he stared at sensing the figure was familiar. He saw the Jackal head figure point a clawed finger at a direction while gesturing with his head which he got up and saw the room was familiar like he had been there before and saw the familiar masked robed figures of nine he counted sitting in chairs appearing to be staring at him. Jinks frowned as he got a bad headache placed a hand on his head as blackness arrived to his eyes sight and saw the ground rushing to meet him which he felt it by his cheek and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks woke up feeling himself lying in bed with confusion running through him. He felt like something was missing from him but couldn’t place it. He struggled to remember what it was but no memory of it came. He sat up from the bed and looked around the metal walled room seeing nothing in it but the bed jutting from the wall and saw a doorway on his right. He went to the doorway and looked to see it was a bathroom complete with a pedestal sink, a toilet and a shower stall with a curtain. Sighing he left the bathroom and spied a blank door in the wall facing him which he walked around the bed and went to the door putting a hand on it which slid open. He walked out into a hallway and frowned senses blaring as a figure dropped down from the ceiling to face him. He saw the figure was appearing to be a male with a large jewel on his forehead surrounding by a circle of jewels on it. 
He frowned at the familiarity feeling as the figure spoke in a male voice “Welcome, the species name is Listener. I’ll show you where to go so follow me.” 
Jinks obeyed following the Listener who led him down the hallway pass doors in the wall on his left to a set of double doors in the wall on his right and entered. He saw other Listeners about six of them he counted gathered around a bar on stools with one of them acting as Bartender and spied padded chairs scattered around the room. He saw two Highlanders male and female that gave him sinister looks on their faces from their stool perches in front of the bar nearest him and saw a male Shadonian standing in front of a glass wall which his senses blared familiarity. He stared at the Shadonian who appeared to stare back at him from drinking from a gold cup and saw the glass wall was flashing scenes he felt were of night sky. Jinks walked into the room to an empty stool between the Listeners and the Highlanders. He sat frowning as a gold cup was set in front of him and he feeling himself thirsty lifted the cup to his lips taking a sip feeling the liquid burn his throat. He felt a compulsion feeling to gulp it down hit him hard which he obeyed till there were none left and then stood up from the stool blinking his eyes as he felt himself passing out. 
Jinks woke up back on his familiar bed feeling himself sick in his stomach. He got up and woozily darted to the bathroom to the toilet which he kneeled and threw up repeatedly coughing up dark liquid that gave him a bad taste in his throat. He coughed out liquid as he again threw up and then felt himself better but tired which he left the bathroom going to the bed and threw himself on it on his stomach and shut his eyes. 
Jinks woke up feeling a little angry but unsure of why he was angry went into the bathroom to eye the shower which he stripped his clothes and showered using the soap dispenser. He sensed the water wasn’t fresh but salt water of the ocean that confused him as his senses again blared which bothered him but he dismissed the feeling. Once done he walked out to grab a towel drying himself and put on his clothes he eyed were white pants and a white long sleeve top. He got an image of the Highlanders wearing white clothing flashing in his mind that told him his clothes were the same as theirs. Jinks went to the bedroom as he got a memory flashing in his mind of himself looking like a Shadonian but having tan skin telling off a Shadonian wearing a headband and a white skirt in a hallway with blue walls while holding a gold cup in his hand. He frowned as the memory persisted of him calling the Shadonian, Captain Taris and throwing the cup’s liquid in the Shadonian’s face then tossing the cup to the wall which stuck to it like a knife. Jinks frowned with confusion as the memory left him as an image of the male Shadonian in the bar room flashed in his mind. Jinks assumed to himself that the male Shadonian and Captain Taris were the same. He left the bedroom entering the hallway to the bar room with a glare on his face. He reached the bar room to the bar to grab a cup from the bartender then went to the Shadonian throwing the cup’s contents in his face. 
He spoke “I’m not amused, Captain Taris.”
He saw the Shadonian’s eyes narrow that told him he correctly guessed his name and tossed the cup to the bar wall which stuck to it like a knife. He walked off out of the room to the hallway and went to his bedroom to lie on the bed. He shut his eyes and fell asleep. 
Jinks jerked his eyes open hearing a roaring noise sounding in his mind which confused him as he saw a Listener leaning over him with a frown on the face. 
His eyes settled on the Listener who spoke “The High Council wants to see you.”
Jinks felt disgust at the words High Council as he got up and followed the Listener out of the bedroom to the hallway following till they reached a large door in the wall on his left which opened showing an all white hallway with a doorway at the end. The Listener he saw gestured towards the doorway which he walked into the hallway going to the doorway to see a male figure wearing an eye mask showing glowing golden eyes peering out with pointed ears of a Highlander standing in front of a console in a small sitting room.
He frowned as the Highlander he assumed spoke in a rude tone “Sit down and put the blindfold on now. I haven’t gotten all day.”
Jinks obeyed spotted an eye wear mask on a chair which he went to sit and placed it over his eyes strapping it to his head. He frowned feeling the motions of a moving up and down hills repeatedly that made him feel nervous enough to make his stomach upset. 
He felt the movements stop and heard the Highlander’s irate voice speaking “You’re here at your destination so take off the blindfold and beat it.” 
He yanked off the eye wear mask and walked out of the room to a vast in overhead and width hallway which he saw the male Shadonian there. 
He stared at the Shadonian who spoke in a familiar voice that confused him “I go by the name of Nameless now. So don’t forget that.”
Jinks frowned to bob his head towards Nameless who turned and walked away with him following. 
He saw Nameless paused at a large opening in the hallway walls but felt a pull feeling which overpowered him to take control going past the opening with Nameless he heard following him speaking “Hello? Where are you going?”
He walked till he reached a large opening in a hallway wall and walked passed it to see a round metal gate arch standing in the middle of the room as three figures appeared in whining squeal sounds in front of it. He frowned seeing they all had manoid bodies with gonoid heads with staffs in their hands edge tips pointed at him. 
He heard Nameless speak “Don’t challenge Anubis, Osiris.”
Jinks frowned as the name Anubis feeling it familiar to him as the name Osiris as Nameless again repeated his words with a compelling voice tone. He frowned and turned around to follow Nameless out of the room to the hallway to another large opening in the wall which he walked through following the Shadonian to see nine figures in covered up robes sitting in chairs at one end with two figures on a set of stairs in front of them. He stared at the figures one that had wings with a male form wearing a skirt and a scaly grey skin waving a sword while the other had purple skin with a Shadonian appearance on the face in a female form waving a staff stick with a long sword end. 
He heard a male voice come from the male winged figure speaking “I heard a rumor about our guest calling himself Osiris and insulting the Listeners with a strange name meaning hater in foreign language.” 
He frowned as Nameless spoke “Its no rumor. Our guest drank the drink and after that acted out of it under the drink’s influence calling himself Osiris repeatedly when introducing himself to the others. He kept calling me Captain Taris despite me repeatedly telling him the name was Nameless. He called the Listeners by the word Annukai repeatedly. He put up a big fight fighting their attempts to knock him out till I managed to hit him on the head with my cup that stopped his fighting attempts and they managed to knock him out and put him in his quarters to bed.”
Jinks felt a bad headache hitting his head as Nameless paused from talking. He saw a door in his mind burst open in pieces showing smoke pouring out of it as he recalled who he was Jinks Montreal. He felt his left ear itchy scratched it hard to see the gonoid head figures disappear from sight as if going into a hidden invisibly state. He felt pressure on his arm followed by a humming sound and felt a hand clawed on his other arm in an ironclad grip pulling him from the room into the hallway which his senses told him not to resist. Jinks felt himself led to the gate room and pushed through the gate to find himself in a forest and he felt the pressure feeling on his arm go away followed by a fainting feeling which made him shut his eyes hitting the dirt ground unconscious. 
Jinks woke up eyes focused on a round curved wall seeing it was a hut with a blanket on his form that felt like gonoid skins. He looked at his left to see a figure a Highlander appearing to have golden eyes that seemed familiar. 
He spoke recognizing her as a grown up version of Isis “Isis.” 
He stared at Isis who frowned abruptly brought a hand over his eyes forcing them closed and he passed out. 
Jinks woke up lying on something wooden that was moving like over water and sat up to look around. He saw a male wearing grey robes with a Human looks and brown hair but had Shadonian eyes which he eyed as he stood up. 
The male spoke “Osiris I believe you know him.”
Jinks sighed as the male continued to speak “Osiris is hurt from his twin brother stabbing him in the back. He is suffering from the pain of not knowing what happened to Isis and his son Horus after he was disposed.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as darkness arrived within his eyesight till he knew of nothingness left. 
Jinks woke up back in the hut feeling himself better and got up walking out of the hut to stare at identical huts scattered around with Humans all having golden eyes wandering around with Highlanders in the vicinity. He frowned as one of the Humans with all white hair and white gonoid skin clothing walked to stand in front of him while holding a really thick book in his hands. 
He stared at the Human who spoke “Our racial name is Hayu, don’t mistake us as Human. Here read this. It’ll answer some questions you might have.” 
He frowned as the book was thrust towards him which he gripped and sat down putting it on his lap. He turned the cover to see a picture of a male’s face with black hair and golden eyes identical to the male Hayu’s face who handed him the book. Jinks pulled up a page and began reading the book. 
Jinks paused when he came upon the words “Horus son of Osiris.” 
He stiffened realizing that the book was about Osiris’ son Horus and his life on a planetary world named Terrania. 
He frowned as he continued to read the book till he reached the last page "Horus seeing an overhead view of a couple mating with the female having his mate Georgina's face and the male he recognized was named Eric followed by darkness then waking up with eyes sight staring at Eric’s chin as if held in his arms like a baby." 
Jinks closed the book and placed it aside to stare at the ground with the books contents running through his mind. 
He felt his left ear itchy scratched it and heard a voice speaking “Excuse me for staring.”
Jinks looked at his left to see a figure sitting crossed legged inches away from him that made him look twice. He saw the figure was bony with bones sticking out on top of a muscular tan appearing to be naked male form with a Human like head and long black hair and golden eyes that reminded him of a wolf gonoid. 
He frowned as the figure spoke again “The racial name is Wiser and we’re from Shadan which is our home world which the High Council have a base there and that we travel from world to world giving out advice to races helping them in times of peril.” 
Jinks frowned at the Wiser’s words as the Wiser paused then continued speaking “On Shadan there are Meritanians you know them as sentient plant life forms that live on the ocean as Erra and Terra. The Meritanians are in dispute two sisters fighting with their brother dubbed Ramses who is said to transport their oldest sister Merra off Shadan the moment King Winter arrived with the U.S. land. The sisters Erra and Terra are angry at Ramses about that hence the dispute.”
Jinks frowned as the Wiser paused then continued to speak “There’s a way of stopping the Meritanians’ dispute is to have Osiris heal from his pain which I’m sure you know what it is.”
Jinks nodded his head as the Wiser got up and gestured to him to do the same which he obeyed. 
He heard the Wiser speak “Follow me.” 
Jinks followed the Wiser through the camp and through the forest till they reached a metal gated arch in a clearing. 
He frowned as the Wiser spoke “Go through the gate.” 
Jinks obeyed as an image of a large room appeared in his mind which he concentrated on as he went through the gate. 
He appeared in the room to see Alexei looking surprised to see him speak “Highlanders in helicopter out there have requested for you. It seems that they knew that you were coming.”
Jinks frowned as he followed Alexei out of the room to a helicopter which he got inside to see three Highlanders dressed in Master Organization army clothing one who spoke “Wisers told us to show up at the Zesky hospital at a certain time asking for you.” 
He nodded his head and leaned back against the seat shutting his eyes as the helicopter took off in the air. He dreamed himself on the beach facing Lance who had irritation in his eyes. 
He stared at Lance who spoke with annoyance in his cruel voice tone “About time. I’ve been trying to contact you for awhile. I’m not pleased that you wound up in the High Council’s hands. Hmph-“
Jinks interrupted “Horus.” 
He saw the irritation leave Lance’s eyes followed by sadness in them who reached a hand and covered his eyes as he found himself a bit a away from Lance on his side watching the man. He frowned as Lance kneeled putting arms around his form and giving off cries sounding like anguish while rocking his form back and forth slowly. He spied on the other side of Lance on the water were three figures all wearing white hooded robes with Human like faces and all black eyes. Two of the figures he saw appeared to be female and the third was a male which he saw they have their lips in a frown. He continued to watch Lance as four figures appeared behind him in a flash of light. Jinks saw a male was entirely white colored with hair, eyes and clothes as he saw a male in red color and a male in blue color. He saw the fourth figure was a male wearing furry clothing with a crown of jagged points on his black haired head while holding a torch cauldron like staff in his right hand. Jinks frowned as the crowned male looked in his direction with a glaring stare and thrust his staff aimed at him followed by darkness arriving to his eyesight.
Jinks woke up feeling a hand shaking him on the arm. He opened his eyes to see the Highlander guard was staring at him while feeling the helicopter stopped its motion. 
The Highlander spoke “We arrived, so get out.” 
Jinks got out of the helicopter to see a Human male with Walker's appearance but had wolf gonoid like eyes standing a good distance away with arms folded. 
Jinks frowned as the male spoke "The name as you'll refer me is Eagle and don't ask me for further names. You'll be referred as Ice around here. Don't ask me for the name period." 
He felt the helicopter move behind him as he reached Eagle who spoke “Hit the mess hall and get something to eat, Ice.” 
Jinks nodded his head and saw Eagle point to a building in sight. Jinks went to the mess hall an army barrack he assumed it was while getting some food on a tray in dishware which he sat and ate with gusto. He placed the tray and dishes away for washing then feeling himself tired went to find the barrack for sleeping. Jinks found the nearest bed and got in shutting his eyes. Jinks felt himself falling off the bed and jerked his eyes open to see himself falling in the air with the sunlight shining oddly to him. He looked down to see clusters of trees below him that formed a forest which he fell into a tree grabbing onto the branches breaking his fall with feet dangling. He adjusted his hold to sit on a tree branch eyes staring at the ground that appeared to be tan dirt which he saw a white tiger like gonoid walk by appearing to not detect him in the tree. He peered through the tree at the sun that shined in an odd position showing it was morning and not afternoon when he arrived at the army camp. Jinks frowned feeling confusion running through him wondering to himself how he got where he was. His senses blared an alarm telling him to look down which his eyes focused on a spot in the bushes showing a male wearing a blue jumpsuit and an oxygen mask on the lower half of the face with thick clear tubes coming from it to the arms walk into view-

Jinks was interrupted from telling the story by Tom speaking "That's how your father met me for the first time in Uzan, Victoria."
He gave Tom a glare in response to find the male giving up a glare and speaking "Just tell the story and let Victoria type it down. She's glaring at me for interrupting."
Jinks found Tom's words true which he looked away and resumed speaking the story while hearing Victoria typing rapid fire paced onto the laptop. 

Jinks watched as the male walked up to his tree then looked up to stare right where he was showing golden glowing eyes with a blank facial look that creep him out as he felt a headache of his mine scanned. Jinks stared at the male who pointed a finger at him and gestured with his other hand to come down while narrowing his eyes. He felt compelled to obey climbed down from the tree to stand next to the male he saw was taller than him, him who reached him by the chest area who placed a Human like hand on his shoulder. Jinks felt his senses blare an alarm from the male’s touch as the male looked away towards the bushes while cocking his head. He eyed the bushes that rumbled showing six figures wearing multiple colored shiny outfits all with five appearing to have male forms and one with a female form. He frowned seeing their faces and ears were identical to the Shadonia like albino type Shadonia but their skin were pale tanned and they had all black eyes with curly blonde hair with the female having hers longer. The males he saw towered above his height surrounded him grabbing him on the arms and hauled him through the bushes till they reached a clearing and he saw a helicopter sitting in it. He was hauled to it and gestured inside it by one of them pointing with a finger appearing to be gloved in black material. He got inside the helicopter followed by the female and he sat looking out the window feeling his mind scanned. He looked at the female who continue to stare at him with a blank expression on her face with eyes narrowed that gave him a creepy feeling. He ignored the feeling as the helicopter flew in the air flying over forests of trees and then flew over buildings that were shaped into a triangle that seemed too many followed by flying over buildings that appeared to be square and long in length with people he assumed scattered around down below. He frowned as a castle appeared in view followed by the helicopter landing in the courtyard and then he was gestured out by the female while feeling his mind stopped scanned. He obeyed getting out meeting males wearing boney armor holding staff sticks in their hands that gestured him to follow one of them. He followed the males till they reached a door way and went down a set of stairs then reached doorways in the walls which he was thrust into one of them and heard a whining squeal sound from behind. He turned around to see the doorway was flashing the color red which his senses told him not to touch. Jinks looked around the room seeing him in a small rectangular room with a mattress on the floor and something that appeared to be a toilet and sink in one corner opposite from the mattress. He went to the mattress and laid his form on it and shut his eyes. Jinks dreamed of a vast ocean water moving followed by a plant rose he recognized similar to Erra and Terra rising from the water spreading its petals. 
He heard a female voice speak “I am called Werra of this planetary world called Uzan.”
Jinks frowned as Werra continued to speak “A word of warning do not speak the word Moorra out loud no matter how tempted or you’ll be trapped to this world for a long time.”
He mentally spoke “Who are those people that put me here?”
Jinks heard Werra speak “Just Banshees. Don’t worry about them.” 
He heard nothing from Werra and the image went away as he slept. 
Jinks woke up feeling water sprayed on his face. He jerked his eyes open to stare at a male wearing a multi colored outfit that had all black eyes narrowed in glare at him with a hand holding a cup. 
He sat up as the male spoke sounding like a Shadonian accent “Moorra.”
Jinks frowned remembering Werra’s warning kept his mouth shut as the male pointed a finger at him and spoke again “Moorra.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut staring at the male who continued to repeat his word repeatedly too many times while pointing a finger at him till he sounded like anger in his tone. Jinks stared at the male who’s form shredded backwards showing a figure he saw had a tan bony horse’s head with fanged teeth peering out of the mouth, tanned skin appearing to be bony with veins looking like they were popping and clawed hands and feet with eyes that eerie reminded him of the male Human wearing the oxygen mask. He frowned staring at the creature that opened its jaws and gave out a roaring noise that made him grimace for the sound hurt his ears. He heard a loud growling sound off his left looked to see a female in a Shadonian long haired blonde form wearing a blue body suit showing a Human female form with arms folded standing in front of the doorway eyes narrowed in a glare boring at the creature. He frowned as the creature shredded his form back into the blonde Shadonian that turned and bowed towards the female that gave him a creepy feeling with his senses blaring a warning. He eyed the female who made a head gesture and watched as the male walked out of the room passed her. 
Jinks eyed the female who spoke out loud to his surprise “You had to warn him, did you Werra?”
He heard Werra’s familiar voice sounding in his mind “He’s not from Uzan but from another planet orbiting nearby in the sky. If you scan his mind you’ll see what I mean.”
Jinks frowned as the female eyed him as he felt his mind scanned. 
He heard Werra’s voice sounding annoyed “Oh no, you don’t! You’re not doing that to him final.”
He heard the female speak again in Summeran “Werra he knows about us which is something we don’t want.” 
Jinks frowned as Werra spoke “Only another mind walking plant like I can find out about you via his mind for I made sure of that others won’t find out including doing what you’re trying to do to him.” 
He formed a frown on his lips eyes on the female who gave off a harrumph like sound then she spoke “Stranger don’t you have a name?”
He heard Werra speak “His name is Jay and that’s all you need to know about him. Just keep contact with your people and his exposure to them limited to a few people just so he won’t know much about you and your kind.”
Jinks stared at the female who spoke “Werra must you tell me what to do?”
Werra spoke “On the world he’s from he has a title like you do and is very important to people so don’t try to gain more information from him about where he’s from or who he is. I’ll block you.” 
Jinks felt confusion running through him wondering what Werra meant as the female gave off another harrumph like sound then he heard her speak “Werra, what am I supposed to do with him?”
He felt his confusion become more baffling as Werra spoke “Just get him to the gate and have him travel off planet back to his world.” 
He stared at the female as she spoke “Fine.” 
Jinks felt his senses blaring as the female stared at him while feeling his mind stopped scanning. He felt dizziness arrive hitting him that made him blink his eyes and then the wooziness became dominant that made him lie his form down and shut his eyes passing out. 

Part Two: High Council

Jinks came to feel a blanket on his form covering him entirely while in a sitting position. He jerked opened his eyes yanking off the blanket to discover he was in some bricked alleyway and heard noises of people at one end. He got up yanking off the blanket to discover he was wearing shiny green pants, silver ankle length boots and a long sleeve top that was shiny silver like color. Jinks felt his senses blaring a warning looked around the alleyway to see the walls waver becoming smoke then became walls again. He felt confusion running through him walked towards the noises to reach the end of the alleyway to see people walking by that looked like humanoid versions of snakes, males wearing similar clothing as he was and females wearing green dresses with hoods covering the tops of their heads but baring their faces. Jinks frowned as the people appeared to be ghostly like then he squatted hiding behind a barrel an action that confused him despite his senses blaring warning. He heard a familiar roaring noise sounding within him figured it was the Master within sounding its noises willed it forwards. He heard several whining like squeals sounds on his right side turned to see three males appearing to be humanoid snakes standing facing him with gun like objects in their hands pointed at him. He straightened his form raising his hands in front of him while eyeing the males that looked at each other then gestured with their guns for him to walk forwards. He obeyed walking towards them seeing two dart forwards in super speeds grabbing his arms and putting them behind his back cuffing the wrists together. He felt himself forcefully pushed forwards through the crowd of people that didn’t seem to notice him. He frowned as the males took him to a building that reminded him of a church and he was thrust inside freed and then slammed the door shut behind him. Jinks looked to see the church pews were occupied by people appearing to be humanoid versions of Earth gonoids that were all looking at him with expressions he couldn’t read. He felt his feet move forwards walking the aisle between pews eyed by the races till he reached the front of the church to see a female he recognized as a Drainer by her black masked mouth area and Shadonian eyes sitting leaning back in a chair with feet on a table and an empty chair next to her. 
He frowned as the female Drainer spoke in Summeran with irritation in her voice “Move it Human, I haven’t gotten all day.” 
Jinks went to sit down on the chair and looked around the room to see opposite from him were three male snake humanoids two standing with one sitting in front of a lap top computer appearing to be typing something while his companions were looking at his direction. He heard Shadonian spoken in front of him looked to see standing in a pulpit was a male Shadonian sounding annoyed. 
He heard the female Drainer speak “Says how you plead to the crime committed?”
Jinks’ senses blared a warning, warning him to keep his mouth shut which he clamped shut while looking at the male snake typing on the lap top. His senses blared a warning which told him that the male snake was manipulating the situation through his lap top computer. He felt an urge to get up which overtook him and he got up to stand and then his feet led him past the table past the pulpit to a door in the wall which he opened walking through it. Jinks blinked his eyes to find himself standing in a hallway facing a male snake holding a dog’s leash in his hand that was attached to a dog he saw appeared to be a German Shepherd Dog. He saw doors at both ends of the hallway which his senses blared a warning, warning him not to go to those doors. 
He heard the male snake speaking in Summeran “You’re free to go. Take a door but choose wisely.”
Jinks eyed the doors then looked at the dog again as if drawn to see the dog glow a golden color which his senses blared telling him to touch the dog’s head. He reached out a hand and touched the dog on the head as darkness arrived to his eyesight surrounding by nothingness. 
Jinks came to find himself in a cylinder tube standing underneath a light shining. He placed hands on the tube glass and pushed feeling the tube wall give away and he stepped out into the darkness night vision appearing in his eyes. He saw a figure barreling towards him seeing that it was a male snake wearing a space suit with face seen through the head gear. Jinks waved a hand mentally ordering the male to sleep. Jinks saw the male pause from running to shut his eyes falling forwards hitting the ground followed by the form becoming flat. He looked around to see a curved wall on his left and on his right were multiple cylinder tubes stuck in a wall with people inside them as far as he could see all appearing to be Human. His senses blared as he looked around telling him to turn around and walk which he obeyed walking past tubes holding people mostly Humans he saw both males and females. He walked past the space suit to see it was flat and continued walking sensing light shining dimly which he followed till he reached a large hallway on his right. His eyes made him look at his left at a cylinder tube in the wall that was entirely black. He stared at it as if drawn sensing a male snake in it which he held up a hand and mentally ordered the command for sleep as if compelled. He saw sparks flash from the tube turned and walked to the hallway seeing it end with a round circular like gated arch with smoke blowing between it. He walked towards it hearing a loud sound that reminded him of a horn as he walked through the gated arch to find himself in a stadium full of numerous people he saw were humanoid versions of Earth’s gonoids. He willed the Master away from him as three figures appeared in front of him whom he saw had gonoid heads with Human like muscular bodies and staffs in their clawed hands pointed at him. 
Jinks frowned hearing a loud male voice sounding in front of him speaking “Bring him to us now.”
He was roughly grabbed by two of the gonoid head persons that had bird heads hauling him forwards to he saw in front across from the stadium was a dais with nine hooded figures sitting in a row on it which he recognized as the High Council and their speakers in front of them. Jinks felt the bird men pause as he heard a loud boom sound and turned around to look behind him. He saw the opening arch he came out was full of fire jutting from it. He frowned as he was roughly forced to turn around by the bird men and hauled forwards towards the dais he saw were the High Council and their speakers standing in front of the seated figures. 
He frown feeling annoyance as the winged male spoke “Time for us to go and meet elsewhere. We’ll be back.” 
He eyed the High Council who got up from their throne chairs and started walking between an opening of chairs entering an arch and disappearing into it in several flashes of lights. Jinks felt himself hauled forward following the speakers up the dais to the arch which he was forced through it. He found himself in the familiar gate room and again forced out of the room to the massive hallway to an opening in the wall which he was forced to go through to see the familiar High Council’s dais room. Jinks felt himself stopped and felt a stick like object hit him on the back of his legs forcing him into a kneeling position which he knelt eyes on the chairs as the wall behind it separated with a rumbling noise. He watched as there were a set of stairs seen leading to a gated arch where High Council members were walking out of it down the stairs to the chairs. He kept his eyes on the High Council as they sat followed by their speakers going to stand in front of them at the steps leading to the dais. He felt a very intense shaking vibration that made him jerk his form all over which made him think it was an earthquake. 
He heard the High Council’s speakers say in unison “What’s going on?!”
He heard nothing to answer their question and frowned as he got an image in his mind of Lance from the waist up showing his hands up with palms up having lightening flashing from the palms and lightening flashing behind him. He saw Lance’s face had all black eyes with his lips curled into a sneering look with teeth bared as the earth continued to shake. Jinks frowned as it dawned to him that Lance was causing the earthquake and wondered what the Meritanians were doing in response. He felt sleepiness laid his form on the floor and shut his eyes. He dreamed of himself standing next to Lance on a beach with water lapping it. He saw Lance facing the water where he saw three white robed figures a male and two females were kneeling on it looking like they had pain on their faces despite having Human looks and all black eyes. He watched as the three all pointed a robe covered finger towards him and looked at Lance who looked in his direction before folding his arms to turn facing him. Jinks frowned seeing Lance’s eyes turn from all black to blue Human eyes and there was an angry look on his face. 
He stared at Lance who spoke with anger in his voice “I’ve been trying to contact you for awhile and I’m angry that Ramses here admitted to transporting you off planet.”
He kept his mouth shut as the male hooded figure he assumes was Ramses spoke “I and my sisters from mind scans of people observed a planet in the sky which we have a theory that there are other plants like us scattered around the galaxy in planets.”
Jinks heard Lance give of a growling sound as he looked at Ramses who continued speaking “I’ll explain something is a remark I said to Terra to put her name on it. It’s a message implanted in our messenger’s mind with Terra’s name as the message signature which mentioned that there are three plants living in a planet named Shadan. Anyway I transported the messenger to the planet observed in the sky and the messenger came back with an implanted message that wasn’t from the three of us but from another plant named Werra.”
Jinks stiffened hearing the name of Werra recalling his time among the blonde Shadonians.
Ramses continued talking “This proves that there’s a plant living on that planet and possibly proves our theory that there are other plants living scattered around the galaxy in planets and not just in Shadan. “
Jinks heard Lance speak “Well it appears that my earth shaking power has revealed as sign pointing to the location of the High Council’s base on Shadan which from the looks of elsewhere that the Humans and Shadonia are in process are starting a war with the High Council.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance continued speaking “The war is based on the High Council’s lies about Humans and getting the other races to view Humans with fear and as their enemy. The Shadonia has secretly viewed Humans as their allies while working in secret to help the Human race living on Shadan among the other races there who share their point of views towards Humans.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Lance he noticed cocked his head and then reached out a hand covering his eyes and he came to find himself lying on something wooden while naked with a hand patting his cheek repeatedly. 
Jinks opened his eyes to see a male with long black hair, golden eyes and a naked Human appearance leaning over him with a frown on the male’s face. He sat up as the male straighten his form to discover himself in a metal gated cage room and saw above them peering through the bars was a large gonoid with red eyes that seemed familiar. 
His instincts screamed as his eyes fell on the gonoid “Dragon.”
Jinks got up from the floor and stared at the male feeling like he knew him from somewhere and stared at him. 
He frowned as the male spoke in Summeran “My name is Nikolas but people have been calling me Horus son of Osiris whoever that is.” 
He stiffened as it dawned on him who that male was which he remembered reading about him from the Hayu’s book. He took a look around his surroundings recalling more of the book mentioning his situation and eyed the dragon seeing it wearing a metal collar around its neck. 
He spoke in Summeran “The name’s Jinks.” 
He frowned seeing the Dragon shake his head in a no gesture with eyes narrowing in a glare aimed at him. Jinks frowned as an image flashed in his mind of and eyes sight view sword fighting a male Shadonian with red eyes which his mind identified him by the name of Mesen. The fight his mind gave him ended by Mesen falling backwards into the crowd of Shadonians with tan skin then falling to the ground with a knife sticking into his back form going still. 
Jinks spoke as the memory went away “To free our gonoid friend from the restraint the both of us has to punch the thing around its neck to free it.” 
He heard Nikolas speak “Mesen get us out of this cage so we can do it.” 
Jinks eyed the Dragon that reached with clawed hands grabbing the roof of the cage and lifted it up tossing it aside. He kept his form still as the Dragon reached in and picked him and Nikolas up bringing the both of him to its neck. 
He heard Nikolas growl as he and the male began punching at the restraint several times till he heard a click sound followed by the collar snapping open and falling off the dragon. 
He spoke remembering the book “Mesen carry us to that direction. There’s a gate there to transport us out of here.” 
He pointed in a direction and felt himself moved onto the Dragon’s back with Nikolas. He clung to the Dragon as it scrambled on the ground on fours passed rocky walls till he heard a loud squealing sound. The Dragon at the moment abruptly yanked him and Nikolas off putting them on the ground before shifting form into a humanoid he recognized from memory as Mesen. He looked at the gate to see three figures standing in a row with staffs pointed at them which he recognized as the High Council’s servant and his entourage the Hawk guards. 
He eyed the three while hearing Nikolas yell insults aimed at one servant calling him Anubis and urging him to fight him without his staff calling him all sorts of names. His eyes fell on the arm of Anubis the jackal head manoid at the bicep seeing a scorpion attached to it. He quickly looked at the arms of the Hawk guards to see scorpions attached to them. 
He mentally spoke “Scorpions detach yourself now.”
He turned his attention to the scorpion on Anubis’ arm seeing it release its hold on Anubis’ arm falling towards the ground and saw the three hit the ground unconscious. Jinks heard Nikolas grumble “Drat I was hoping to fight that gonoid head idiot whatever his name is, Anubis or Anybus as the High Council call him. I don’t like him period.” 
He frowned staring at the gate as an image of a large room came to his mind which he concentrated on and walked through the gate. 
He blinked his eyes to face men wearing army combat uniforms with guns pointed at him and heard a loud voice yell “It’s alright! I know them!”
He eyed the men who separated holstering their guns and he saw Alexei Zesky walking forward who spoke “Where have you been? It’s been three months since you disappeared seen in a flash of green light while sleeping on some bed they tell me.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and heard Nikolas yell in terror. Jinks looked at the male who fell to the ground screaming as he saw ropes appear covering his body entirely till there was nothing but a cocoon of ropes. 
He heard Alexei speak “Jimo what’s going on with him?” 
He looked at Alexei to see a Drainer by the black masked face covering the eyes standing next to the man who spoke “The male from the looks of it is changing into Hades another type of Drainer and needs a mind walker present to help him remember who he is once he comes out from being changed.”
He stared at Alexei who spoke “I’ll get the mind walker to help. Guards, bring Jinks and guest friend to rooms now.” 
Jinks heard throat clearing noises looked to see a male wearing army gear standing next to him that gestured towards a direction with his head. He nodded his head and walked behind the male following him through the room. He frowned seeing females eyeing him before falling backwards caught by others while in the room.
Jinks as he walked heard Mesen speak in foreign language him understanding his words “I have to confess but I recognized you as Osiris the moment you looked at me with your eyes. I figured something happened to you to get you changed to the body form you are now.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut not commenting as Mesen added “Nikolas is really your son Horus for I recognized him from his face looking like your mate Isis who I have spied on from time to time along with manipulating people to get you and her to mate despite your brother trying to prevent that. The mating for creating Horus was insurance against assassins that I’m aware of were trying to target you and I.”
He frowned as Mesen continued speaking “I’m aware that there were assassins working for a group I later learned called High Council that was trying to remove the both of us from our leadership positions with whatever agenda it was. I managed to manipulate people to raise my daughter Tala under Isis’ care as a spy for her against your brother who seemed to be in cahoots with the High Council. I also confess I manipulated my own mate to use her powers to get you and Isis to create Horus and manipulated people to keep Isis alive to give birth to him. I also managed to get people to protect Tala transporting Horus out of the city to safety-”
At that moment Mesen was interrupted by the guard speaking “Here you go a room for your friend, Jinks.” 
Jinks looked at Mesen with a narrowed eyed look and gestured towards the room with a finger. 
Mesen he stared at spoke “Uh I’ll figure out the room’s contents myself. I’ve been living with the High Council and their technology for awhile to figure out how things work.” 
Jinks nodded his head and watched Mesen enter the room. 
He heard a meow and heard Mesen yell "Furball!"
He heard the guard clear his throat who slammed the door in response and looked at the man who spoke “What did your friend say while in the room?”
Jinks spoke “My friend Mesen has a fondness towards cats hence his noises.”
He looked at the guard who didn’t comment but turned around walking further down the hallway with him following till they stopped at an open doorway with door ajar which the guard gestured with a finger towards the door. 
Jinks nodded his head and then the guard spoke while gesturing to his naked body with his eyes looking at him up and down “You got the ladies swooning.”
He frowned recalling seeing females in the large room eyeing him before falling backwards caught by others. Jinks shrugged and entered the room closing the door behind him. He heard a meow and looked at the bed to see a cat tummy sitting on it that stared at him back with unblinking eyes with a look that made him think it was disapproval. Exhaling a breath he looked around the room and saw a doorway which he figured led to the bathroom and again looked around to see a dresser next to the bed. He went to the dresser to open drawers and saw clothes in it that were underwear shorts, socks and blue sweats consisting of a long sleeve top and pants which he took out carrying them to the bathroom leaving it on the sink. He went to the shower tub combination and turned on the water to toleration heat levels while feeling relief from the water pouring over him. He sighed feeling the grimy dirt feeling going away off of him as the water cleansed him. He looked around for the soap and shampoo finding two dispensers in the wall with labels on them. Jinks poured a generous amount of shampoo and soap into his hands and began washing himself very thoroughly washing away the grimy feeling. He jerked feeling pains in his lower back in the spine area that brought him to kneel while breathing hard. He frowned feeling something being pushed out of his body from the area and heard a clink sound as it fell off of him hitting the tub. He stood up and looked around to find near the drain a finger sized grey object that is blinking a light and his senses blared as he picked it up. He examined the thing and frowned remembering being at the Zesky Hospital before on a previous visit and figured to himself that it was a homing beacon. Jinks crumbled the object in his fist feeling it being destroyed and threw the remainder pieces at the walls of the shower seeing it crumble some more. He felt himself clean turned off the shower water and got out finding the towels on a rack which he grabbed one to dry himself. He once dry put on the clothes feeling himself better from wearing them and walked out of the bathroom to the bed and laid his form on it shutting his eyes passing out. 
Jinks came to feeling a hand on his arm shaking him which he jerked open his eyes to see the male guard was back and in his room. 
He stared at the guard with annoyance who spoke “The One aka Alexei wants you at his location and I’m ordered to take you there.” 
Jinks obeyed sitting up as the guard thrust out a pair of sneakers which he took putting them on his feet and stood up following the guard out of the room. He kept his mouth shut as the guard led him to the large airplane hanger like room where Alexei stood back to the doorway with arms folded and a glare on his face. 
Jinks spoke reaching Alexei “What is it?”
He saw Alexei turn to sideways pointing to the doorway and speaking with annoyance in his tone “The High Council sent a ship that landed here without out permission. The idiots are threatening to blow their ship up if I don’t produce you as demanded. Harrumph I’m not pleased with having to give you them under threats.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut walked out of the airplane hanger room to outside to spot the familiar vessel from his time as Lance Richard sitting outside which he walked towards it. He saw a gangplank appear on the side of the ship coming out of it to land with a thud and halted from his walk. He saw a figure appearing to be a male wearing a mask covering his eyes with Highlander like ears sticking out the side of his head walk down the gangplank and reaching the bottom the figure turned towards him. Jinks frowned as the figure pointed a finger at him and then pointed at the ship with a foot he saw tapping of impatience. Jinks gave of a sound of disgust walked fast to the gangplank and reached the figure who stepped aside which he walked up it followed by the figure till he reached inside. He was abruptly grabbed by two masked figures with Highlander ears and male forms that roughhouse his arms together in front of him while putting handcuffs on his wrists locking them together. He felt his eyes covered by a blindfold blinding him and felt himself with hands on his arms forced to walk going through several twisty turns while sensing vibrations that felt intense that soon went away. He felt himself walking on metal floors that echoed his and guards’ footsteps followed by hearing odd sounds then his feet hit a rugged floor and he was forced to kneel abruptly. Jinks felt the hands leave him and heard the odd noise again and felt himself alone till hands grabbed at the blindfold yanking it off of him. He blinked his eyes from the glare of overhead lights shaking his head to focus himself in a small square room with metal walls and in front of him an arm length away sitting in a gold like metal chair he saw was a hooded figure he recognized as a High Council member with Anubis standing next to him arms folded with eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him. 
Jinks heard a male voice speaking verbally in a foreign language that sounded like Mesen’s language “So we meet again brother dear.” 
Jinks frown hearing the voice for it sounded familiar to him and figured it was coming from the High Council member. 
He again heard the voice speak “You don’t recognize me with my face covered despite me speaking to you.” 
He formed a frown on his face as the High Council member held up a gloved hand showing a familiar necklace pendant which he widen his eyes recognizing it as the one he put on while in the Shadonian High Lord’s living room. He watched as the High Council member clasped the necklace around his neck then pulled at the hooded mask revealing his face. Jinks snarled an angry sound seeing the High Council member having a tan Shadonian face with all white eyes and pointed ears along with a round jewel on the forehead with recognition running through him. He recognized the male as the one who stabbed Osiris on the back with his knife as he growled an angry sound. 
The male he saw smiled some smile then spoke “I see you, Osiris recognize me as someone else. I’ll tell you who I am. I am Set, your twin brother.”
Jinks at the moment hearing that roared an angry sound and thrust himself to his feet only to have his efforts stopped by two pairs of hands feeling clawed grabbing his arms restraining him as he struggled against their ironclad grips. He saw Anubis unfold his arms and thrust out a staff a knife edge pointed at his direction as he struggled against the grips holding his arms keeping him in a kneeling position. 
Jinks heard Set spoke again “I’m surprised that you survived me knifing you in the back and becoming what you are now, a pathetic First One.” 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at Set who kept smiling that smirking smile as he again struggled against the hands’ ironclad grips. He looked at his sides to see the hand’s owners were the Hawk guards that had eyes narrowed in glares aimed at him. He struggled against their grips feeling them ironclad. He glared at Set who clapped his hands and he felt a prick of pain in the back of his neck followed by sleepiness putting him unconscious.
Jinks woke up lying naked on a metal bed with chain manacles on his ankles and wrists holding him to the bed railings. He saw in his eyes sight was a round tube cylinder and felt pain in his feet which he looked down to see a horizontal band of red laser light hitting the area. He felt pain get intense as the laser light left his feet and kept feeling pain as the laser slowly made its way up his body touching him with its light. He heard a roaring noise sounding in the back of his mind which he recognized as the Master. Jinks grimaced as the pain got more intense as the laser traveled up his body. He felt the pain was distracting him from willing the Master through. He stiffened to gasp out a painful cry as the laser touched his sensitive part. He gasped out cries of pain watering his eyes as the laser traveled up his sensitive part followed by stinging unbearable pain. He groaned out in pain jerking from the laser’s touch as it reached his chest. He felt the pain get worse which made him cry out cries of anguish as the laser reached his neck. Jinks felt his voice cut off and his breathing getting harder as the laser traveled up his neck gagging him. He gagged for air as the laser reached his chin which he found his breathing labored. Jinks grimaced as the laser reached his eyes making them woozy with black spots hitting his eyes sight. He felt the wooziness become dominant making him pass out which he fell unconscious. 
Jinks woke up feeling a hand clawed slapping his cheeks. He jerked from the hand slapping to feel himself naked while in a squat position. He felt no pain surrounding his body to feel his wrists were tied above his head by chain manacles that were slowly pulling him up to a standing position. Jinks jerked open his eyes to discover himself underneath a spotlight as he was forced to stand. He looked to see Anubis standing in front of him with a glare in the gonoid head’s eyes being narrowed. Jinks yanked at the chains holding his wrist to grimace as pain hit him on the back stinging him. He stood and felt the chain’s pull stop to glare at Anubis who turned and walked out of the spotlight into the darkness. 
He heard a male voice sounding Highlander like speaking “Who are you?”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the voice repeated his question followed by stinging pain in his back that made him grimace on his face. 
He spoke “I don’t get it your question-” 
He groaned as the stinging pain hit his back interrupting him. 
Jinks heard the voice speak “State your name now.” 
He blurted out “Osiris.” 
Jinks felt pain hit his back which made him again grimace. 
He frowned as the voice spoke “No, not that name. I meant the First Ones’ name you were given.” 
Jinks spoke “What’s a First One anyway?”
He again felt pain in his back grimaced as the voice spoke “First One is the name of the species you’re posing as, idiot.” 
Jinks frowned at the word idiot spoke “Burke Richardson Junior-“
He was interrupted by stinging pain hitting his back groaned out “What’s with hitting me with pain when I just answered your question?”
He again felt pain in his back as the voice spoke “Silence you idiot with your questions!”
Jinks grimaced feeling pain in his back as the voice again spoke “Who’s Lance Richard?”
Jinks spoke grimacing “A religious leader or God of some cult.” 
He breathed hard through his mouth gritting his teeth for the pain which didn’t come that made him frown. Jinks heard silence from the voice relaxed his form and gave out a loud groan as something like a rope hit his back followed by zapping pain stinging him in the area. 
He heard the voice speak again sounding annoyed “Don’t play me! Who’s Lance Richard? Answer that question now!”
Jinks groaned out “I just told you!”
He jerked arching his back as the rope hit him hard with zapping pain getting more intense. 
He heard the voice speaking sounding angry “Confirm or deny, are you Lance Richard?”
Jinks groaned as the rope again hit him on the back followed by zapping pain feeling more intense. 
He spoke “I deny.” 
He again arched his back as the rope hit him again with its intense zapping pain. 
Jinks heard the voice speaking sounding annoyed “You lie according to the lie detector. Confirm that you are Lance Richard.” 
He felt his anger hit him hard as the rope hit him on the back with another bout of zapping pain. He growled some gonoid sound that made him pull at the chains holding his wrists. He heard silence from the voice as his anger became full blown rage and with a roaring like cry yanked his wrists free from the chains holding them to squat down on the ground. He saw through his angry haze Anubis walk into the spotlight holding his staff weapon in front of him with a hand on it. Jinks allowed the rage to take control putting him out and came to find himself standing still underneath the spot light with anger still running through him and he saw on the ground was Anubis who appeared to be unconscious with eyes shut. He felt held in his hands was a metal stick his eyes told him was Anubis’s staff weapon which he roared out an angry cry and spun around facing the opposite direction and darted out of the spotlight night vision appearing in his eyes sight to see two masked Highlanders with male forms standing besides a boxy machine that were holding gun like weapons in their hands in front of them aimed at him with lips curled in frowns. Jinks charged at the two Highlanders roaring with fury at them as one of them dropped his weapon and turned around running away screaming of fear. He swung the staff as he reached the other Highlander whose gun gave off a clicking noise. Jinks brought the staff against the Highlander hitting the male in the head who fell against the boxy machine and slid to the floor dropping the gun. He angrily brought the staff against the Highlander’s body whacking him with the weapon repeatedly over and over not caring where he landed it. Jinks kept on whacking as he felt a stinging pain in his back which was followed by sleepiness that he ignored to keep on hitting the Highlander till he felt himself too tired to hit anymore dropped the weapon and fell to his knees. He slid himself onto the ground and shut his eyes falling unconscious. 
Jinks woke up finding himself back in the cylinder tube still restrained with his anger still running through him. He felt pain in his feet snarled some growling gonoid sound. He angrily yanked the manacles off his wrists and sat up to see the laser’s origin was from a metal stick that was slowly moving up his body giving him pain. He angrily grabbed the stick with his hands and tore it in two. He threw away the broken part of the stick to see that the cylinder tube was in a semi circle above him. Jinks saw feet underneath the semi circle part moving towards his feet. He angrily felt rage hitting him allowed the emotion to hit him putting him out and came to find himself pounding on a black wall appearing to be glass with it giving off cracks from his fists hitting it. He felt a headache hitting him as he pounded on the glass wall till he heard a gunshot like sound and felt stinging pain in his back followed by sleepiness that became dominant overtaking him and he fell to the floor going unconscious-

Jinks was interrupted by Tom speaking "What you said was the first time I met you, Jinks on Shadan. I saw what you did while you were out having rage episodes."
He gave Tom a glare in response willing forwards the Master. 
Tom, he glared at looked away appearing to gulp followed by the male speaking "Alright I'll shut up since Victoria wants me to be quiet by the glare she's giving me."
Jinks willed aside the Master and continued on the story while hearing Victoria continue on her typing.

Jinks woke up feeling a foot connect with his stomach. He irately opened his eyes to glare at Anubis standing over him that pointed a finger at a direction. Jinks got up discovering himself back in his clothes and shoes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room with the High Council still sitting in chairs on the dais facing him. He felt himself in a calm mood as he looked at the High Council doing hand gestures and head waving among each other. He frowned as his eyes settled on the member sitting in the middle of the group where something shiny was seen around the neck. He eyed the member as his left ear abruptly became itchy which he looked around for Anubis and the guards. He saw that they weren’t in sight that confused him as his ear became itchier enough to bother him. Jinks with a growl scratched his left ear and felt pressure on his arm followed by a humming sound. He felt hands push him a few foot falls sideways then stopped with the hands remaining on him. He looked at the doorway to see a male with a face all black and yellow orbed eyes wearing metallic like armor vest and black pants wrapping around his ankles and feet, walk into the room followed by a Human female with short blonde hair wearing clothes that looked like gonoid skins. He frowned watching the male fade from view followed by his head moved to look in another direction facing a wall to see him again grabbing an axe like weapon from it then fade from view. He heard yelling cries turned to look on his left to see the male was standing on the dais with several High Council members charging at him from their seats. He watched as the male knocked several High Council members onto the floor with the axe then paused to roar an inhuman cry sound which made him nervous. Jinks saw the male's form revert changing into a crowned man holding a torch cauldron staff in his right hand while wearing white gonoid like skin clothing. He stiffened recognizing seeing the male looking familiar to him and saw icy like snow cover each of the High Council members freezing them in their positions. Jinks watched as the Snow King he figured was his name form reverted into black clad male who proceeded to use the axe to shatter the heads of each High Council member then walked off the dais going to the Human female swinging the axe towards her who spoke in foreign language him not understanding his words. He watched as the male threw aside the axe and followed her out of the room. Jinks felt the hands holding him let go as his eyes saw something shiny bright from one of the High Council’s shattered forms. He felt the hands let go of him and he walked towards the dais as in a trance eyes aimed on the object walking towards the High Council member to see it was his necklace pendant and still around the neck of a member. He growled assuming it was Set himself which he yanked off the necklace and placed it around his neck feeling himself satisfied having it on him. He looked down at Set and with a foot brought it down repeatedly on Set’s body shattering it all in pieces till there was nothing left. He felt a hand grab his arm pulling him away from the dais and out of the room which he didn’t resist to smile a sick smile feeling satisfied from his actions. He imaged in his mind a throne room he lived as Osiris till he was forced to a stop and felt another hand touch his arm. He frowned as the throne room scene left his mind followed by a forest scene as his eyes registered darkness then a forest identical to the one in his mind and then blackness as he felt himself falling down hitting the ground. 
Jinks woke up with his eyes registering the hut ceiling feeling himself out of it to see a hooded figure in a female form in red robes standing over him with face covered and a Wiser next to her appearing to be talking words he didn’t register. Jinks stared at the red robed female as a headache arrived within him to get an image of a female with a tan Shadonian form and golden eyes having Nikolas’ face wearing a white dress in his mind. 
He moaned out “Isis.”
He saw the Wiser abruptly look at him before bending down to place a hand over his eyes forcing them shut and he passed out unconscious. 
Jinks woke up feeling himself much better to sat up putting a hand on his neck feeling for the pendant he felt was still around his neck. He sighed of relief and then got up to walk out of the hut to stand watching the Hayu and Highlanders going around their business in the hut camp. He felt his left ear itchy looked on his left to see a Wiser heading towards him with a frown on the Wiser’s face who grabbed his arm hauling him with no protest to a campfire and forced to sit on a log. Jinks sat and were thrust a stick holding food on it by the Wiser who glared at him with an annoyed expression on his face. He felt himself hungry ate the food on the stick which the Wiser abruptly walked away and he looked around as he ate to notice the red robed female was sitting on a log next to his head aimed in his direction. He ate all of the food and tossed the stick into the campfire and then turned his attention towards the red robed female with a frown. He stared at her as she got up from the log and went to sit next to him putting a hand that he saw was clawed with tan skin on his hand. He stiffened with shock running through him for the hand felt familiar and felt right to the touch which he stared at her with confusion. He stared at her as she with a hand removed her hood off her head baring her face which he widen his eyes of recognition seeing that she’s Isis herself from her face having Nikolas’ facial appearance on it despite having a tan Shadonian appearance with golden Human eyes and long black hair pulled back in a braid. 
He stared at Isis with emotions running through him as she spoke him understanding her words “I was told that Osiris survived the knife stabbing by his brother Set but paid a price to live by having his form changed into a Human and living on a planetary world called Shadan as a Human religious leader.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Isis continued to speak “I’m aware that Osiris fathered a Human son with a Human female who later died and the son himself was later killed off by the High Council which Osiris had the son’s spirit place in his Human body to keep him alive.”
He frowned as she continued to speak “I know that the Human whose hand I’m holding is the son in Osiris’ body from the looks of your eyes staring at me which isn’t giving me the feeling I would get whenever Osiris looked at me.”
Jinks exhaled a breath muffling a gasp as Isis kept talking “The day of my son Horus’ birth I had a servant girl named Tala, take him through the city to the Chasm of Storms to throw herself into it to travel to another place just to keep Horus out of Set’s hands.”
He nodded his head at her words as she continued “I was exiled by the High Council after awhile of being one of them but was able to get to Terrania where my son is living which I met him again as a full grown male who I’m told is hidden by Hades and King Winter by another male who I took as my escort mate named Teorjer.”
Jinks nodded his head remembering part of the Hayu’s book on Nikolas destroying the High Council and frowns remembering the part of Isis dying and her telling her son to place her body in a coffin room. He felt confusion running through him as he recalled Isis died and Nikolas her son doing her last wish of placing her body in the coffin room despite Isis being alive sitting next to him. 
Isis he stared at seemingly aware of his confusion spoke “The moon Edenia we’re on has the power to recreate living out of the dead back to life and has done that with select few people and myself included hence me alive talking to you. Edenia has mentioned a price tag is the people brought to life can’t leave the moon for if they did they would die and she has said that she won’t bring them back to life again for they only have one life living here and that’s it.” 
Jinks felt sadness hearing that nods his head as Isis became silent. 
He sat silently holding her hand as she added “The Hayu prior to your arrival presented me with a book and told me to read it. I did that and discovered the book was about Osiris and his life after being stabbed by his brother Set which I read till the book ended saying that he gave his Human body to his son to live.”
Isis paused as Jinks frowned and then she continued “I sensed from the book that Osiris was hurt having himself cheated out of having a life raising Horus with me. From the book I figured that Osiris assumed that Horus was dead and I suffering misery under the hands of his brother’s rule hence his pain. Osiris I figured having his other son, you take his Human body was him trying to help himself heal from his pain of thinking Horus dead and making sure that you had a chance to live after being destroyed by the High Council.”
Jinks frowned recalling Lance having a crying breakdown after mentioning the name of Horus to him he witnessed. 
He heard Isis continue speaking “I was given the book on my son Horus by a Hayu with his face and identifying himself as Nikolas which I read and discovered that Horus was transported to Shadan. The book detailed that he went under the changes of turning into Hades mentally met his father who recognized him as his son and Horus recognizing him as his father. The book mentioned that they had a discussion which didn’t detailed very well what it was but hinted the subject of destroying the High Council then after that Horus returned back to his body becoming Hades with his memory restored. He was later transported to a gate and he entered it to the High Council’s palace meeting a Human female there just prior to his attack on the High Council.”
Jinks frowned as Isis paused then kept talking “I’m aware that you witnessed what my son did to the High Council and was told by a Hayu that after you and Horus left the throne room, Anubis the High Council’s angry servant destroyed what’s left of the High Council’s bodies and left the palace to some world dubbed Rakcara through a gate where he’s currently serving Rakcara’s planetary leader and has refused to serve any orders from the servants of the High Council who sought him out.” 
He frowned hearing that as Isis kept talking “When I was younger after newly married to Osiris, he told me of a story about Anubis mentioning that his father who went by the name of Amen Ra before he became pharaoh was traveling through the land on gonoid back with his mate given the name of Tala which a servant girl is named after while expecting Osiris and Set. During a storm Osiris and his brother Set were born and their mother died from the birth which their father had to carry them on gonoid back leaving Tala lying on the ground to the nearest city called Zimala where the pharaoh takes residence. He arrived there seeking shelter and found it in a temple among the priests who were the only ones that didn’t turn him away. At daylight Anubis came into the city carrying Tala in his arms to the temple which the priests gave last rites and buried her in one of the catacombs. Anubis in Amen Ra’s presence asked for sanctuary which the priests seemed to refuse were insisted to accept by Amen Ra himself who admitted that the dead female Anubis carried was his mate and mother of his sons who died given birth to and that Anubis did him a favor getting her body and spirit honored which he wasn’t able to do it. The priests accepted Anubis as one of their own priests who played a part in the city in getting Amen Ra crowned as Pharaoh with his loyalty unquestioned. I’m also told by Anubis secretly in private that it was he who later crowned Osiris, Pharaoh after Amen Ra’s death and used his influence to keep Osiris and me alive from Set’s machinations along with having guards on the servant girl Tala carrying Horus secretly in a basket out of the city to the Chasm of Storms. During my time as a High Council member I found out that they discovered what Anubis did to keep Horus out of their hands force him to serve them who made no secret in our private talks that he wanted the High Council dead and will do what it takes to get them assassinated.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Isis paused from talking to grip his hand a bit tighter then she continued to speak “Anubis for some unexplained reason has a strong dislike towards the High Council despite serving them has admitted to me of being behind acts of sabotage done to them and their servants who I know were aware of him doing it. The guards escorting Anubis the Hawks I name them despite unsure of their actual names, were created to keep Anubis under High Council control with half success for the Hawks have been observed obeying Anubis’ orders without question even orders that go against the High Council.”
Jinks spoke “Would Anubis have anything to do with Horus’ success in destroying the High Council?” 
He stared at Isis who spoke “I suspect that Anubis had a hand in my son’s success. I’m told that Anubis convinced a Human to enter the races’ meeting spot armed with a bomb and set it off while there which the High Council’s communicators Shad the male with wings and Onya some Shadonian look like despite skin color were killed as a result. I figured that Anubis had something to do with their deaths for I’m aware that Shad and Onya were the High Council’s only defense against people trying to assassinate them. They probably were the only defense against Horus capable of defeating him and without them Horus was able to destroy the High Council.”
Jinks opened his mouth to speak and closed his mouth as the sunlight abruptly went out followed by darkness with night vision in his eyes. He felt himself tired stood up as Isis stood up him towering over her by a head. He looked at the huts till his eyes fell on one and felt drawn to it which he walked towards it tugging Isis with him. He reached the hut went inside followed by Isis and once inside hugged her feeling himself between happiness and sadness running through him. He felt himself needing to sleep laid his form down on the furry gonoid ground sideways with Isis lying opposite from him. He gently put his arms around her while feeling her hand rubbed his face with her other hand touching him on the chest. He felt himself soothed by the touches of Isis shut his eyes and fell asleep passing out unconscious. 
Jinks woke up sensing it was daylight out with Isis awake in his arms who had a sad look in her eyes. He sighed and got up from the floor with Isis taking her hand and walked out of the hut towards the campfire to sit which a Hayu handed him food on a stick. He ate as Isis sat next to him her eyes he noticed staring at him up and down still having a sad look in them. Once finished with the food he tossed the stick into the fire and felt a pulling sensation aimed in a direction. 
He stood up as Isis stood up speaking “Jinks, tell Osiris that I’m alright and living in Edenia and that I’m aware of what happened to him and Horus.” 
Jinks frowned hearing his name spoken by Isis as she added “I was told your name by a Wiser.” 
He nodded his head and hugged her as she hugged him then walked away from her going in the direction guided by the pulling sensation. He walked passed huts and people not looking his direction going through the forest till he reached a gate to see a Banshee he recognized from memory of living among them in their blonde Shadonian like manoid forms. He stared at the Banshee whose eyes were narrowed as he got an image of a room in his mind and figured it was for traveling through the gate which he walked through it. He entered the room to see the familiar Drainer there while sensing it was night time. 
He stared at the Drainer who spoke “Some male dubbing himself Ramses via mind walking said that you were coming at this hour and to keep the doors open till you arrived.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as the Drainer continued speaking “My name is Jimo and don’t forget it.” 
 Jinks kept his mouth shut as he heard a throat clearing noise looked at his left to see a male Human dressed in army combat clothing who gestured with his head towards a direction then began walking. Jinks followed the guard walking a maze of hallways and stairwells to a doorway with door ajar which the guard stopped and gestured. He nodded his head getting the guard’s message went inside shutting the door and went to the bed laying his form on it shutting his eyes. He dreamed himself back at the beach facing Lance who seemed irate by his facial expression. 
He stared at Lance who spoke with irritation in his voice “I’m annoyed that the High Council is keeping me from talking to you and I’m getting tired of the keep outs.” 
Jinks spoke interrupting “I witnessed Horus destroying the High Council including killing Set while using Hades and King Winter forms.” 
He paused to see Lance’s face changed to show pain in it with pain in his eyes before the man looked away to stare at the water folding his arms. 
Jinks continued to speak “Some time before death Set introduced himself to me thinking I was Osiris the brother not realizing that I was his son.”
He was interrupted by Lance giving of a gasp of pain. 
Jinks kept talking “Isis survived as a member of the High Council and was exiled by them but she met Horus when he was full grown living on a planetary world called Terrania where Horus lived.” 
Jinks paused seeing Lance putting a hand over his eyes while turning his crowned head towards him and heard soft sobbing like sounds coming from the male while seeing his lips formed in a grimace. 
Jinks added “Isis later died in Terrania but Edenia a moon brought her back to life and she’s currently living in Edenia remaining there forever because of a price tag that she’ll die if she leaves the moon who has said that she won’t bring her back. I met Isis while on Edenia who told me that she’s aware of Osiris and his life after he was tossed into the Chasm of Storms along with him fathering me and giving his own Human body for me to have a second chance to live.”
He paused as he saw movement off his right and looked to see the Meritanians standing there with frowns on their faces that told him they overheard what he said to Lance. He saw Ramses point a finger at him and gestures with robe covered hands around one of the females he assumed was Terra or Erra then the Meritanian pointed to Lance. He turned his attention towards Lance who he heard was giving off sounds of crying and figured what Ramses wanted him to do. He gently reached with his arms and placed them around Lance hugging him who’s crying sounds became louder and felt the male’s form shaking while having his arms around him. He hugged Lance who stopped crying and felt the male’s form stop shaking. Jinks released his hold on Lance who removed his hand from his eyes forming a glare on his face which the male turned his head towards Ramses who he noticed had a grimace on his face and appeared to flinch from Lance’s stare. 
Jinks spoke “Was there something you wanted to talk to me about, Lance?”
Jinks frowned as Lance turned his head eyes narrowed in a glare at him before speaking with irritation in his voice “Just don’t hug me again get it?”
Jinks nodded his head frown forming on his face as Lance abruptly covered his eyes and he woke up feeling a hand shaking his arm. Jinks jerked his eyes open to look at the guard same as before who removed his hand from his arm.
The guard spoke “Transportation for you has arrived. I’m to escort you there.” 
Jinks got up from the bed and followed the guard to the airplane hanger room which he saw Alexei standing in the room that had a glare on his face eyes falling on his necklace. 
He walked to Alexei who spoke with irritation in his voice “The helicopter has arrived and is outside waiting for you to get in so get out of here.” 
Jinks frowned at Alexei’s attitude left the hangar room walking outside to the helicopter where a male Highlander wearing Master Organization army combat clothes stood out. Jinks reached the Highlander and noticed the male grimace eyes falling on his necklace with disapproval in his eyes. He frowned as he got into the helicopter followed by the Highlander that took off flying in the air. He leaned back in the seat and shut his eyes passing out to feel a hand shaking his arm and opened his eyes to feel the helicopter had stopped. He got out without protest and heard the Highlander give off a harrumph behind him before slamming the helicopter doors. 
He saw Eagle standing with arms folded looking uncomfortable who spoke “Hit the mess hall and eat Ice.”
Jinks obeyed going into the mess hall to see the army group was there and felt the sensation of him stared at by multiple eyes as he got his food and carried it to a table. He frowned seeing greedy looks in the men’s eyes as they fell on his necklace. 
He ate his food as one of them spoke “What’s with the necklace?”
Jinks heard an edge in the man’s tone that bothered him to speak “The necklace belonged to my father and I don’t want to talk about it.” 
He ate his food and frowned as he got an image of Lance with angry expression on his face in his mind pointing a finger followed by the Roosevelt's home building flashing. He frowned as it dawned on him that Lance wanted him to go to the penthouse building and do it now. He finished with his food got up leaving the tray on the table and again felt himself stared at as he walked to Eagle sitting at a table eating food. 
He spoke as he reached Eagle “I like to leave to home.” 
Eagle he stared at seemed uncomfortable spoke “I have already commissioned a limo to come pick you up. It’s waiting outside. Just find it.” 
Jinks frowned walked out of the mess hall hearing Eagle giving off a howling noise and walked out to look around. He spot the limo in the distance jogged towards it and got himself inside it slamming the door. He felt the limo move driving with a fast speed out of the army compound into the street driving fast. He shut his eyes and dreamed of himself at the beach with Lance he saw was glaring at the Meritanians. 
Ramses he heard sounding annoyed while appearing to be talking to his sisters was saying “The High Council and their Highlander servants can hear us three talking because their base is surrounding our ocean location and their close proximity means that they can hear every word.” 
He frowned as one of the females spoke sounding like she’s talking to Ramses “Terra and I have been helping people on the Human continent by talking to them in dreams-” 
She was interrupted by Terra he assumed speaking “Boom.” 
Erra he heard kept on talking ignoring Terra’s outburst “Your explanation explains why bad things have been happening to the people we’ve helped as in them being killed off by other people we suspect are Highlanders causing the actions.”
Ramses he heard spoke with irritation in his voice “The High Council and the Highlander servants are currently eavesdropping on our talk as usual.” 
He heard Lance speak “Is the High Council aware of me?”
He stared at the Meritanians who bowed their heads then look up all shaking their heads in a no gesture. 
Ramses continued “From scans of the High Council’s minds they want us to assist them with their war agenda against the Human race they refer as First One and will do what it takes to make sure that you two stop helping Humans by making sure whoever Human helped suffers death as a way of getting you two to stop.”
He spoke as Ramses paused “What have the High Council planned to do with the Shadonia helping Humans and declaring war on them?”
He saw the three bows their heads then look up then Terra spoke “What is the High Council planning to do with the Shadonia if they inferred with their battle with the Humans?”
He frowned as Ramses spoke “Shadonian males are easily mind controlled by Highlanders scanning them and speaking commands to them mentally which is how they’ll make sure the Shadonia won’t interfere by mind controlling the High Lord to order his people to stay out of the battle. They have already minded controlled the High Lord’s predecessor to not have contact with the Humans after they and their land arrived on Shadan.” 
He heard Erra speak “What’s with the current High Lord and why haven’t they mind controlled him yet?”
Ramses spoke “From mind scans this High Lord is aware of the mind control done by Highlanders on males and has purposely kept Highlanders away from him along with using females to guard him whenever he travels out of the palace among the Shadonia and other races in the Shadonia’s home base.” 
He frowned as Ramses paused from talking to bow his head with irritation in his voice “Don’t blame me and my sisters for that! Blame Hades for doing that! You’re an idiot!”
He frowned as Ramses paused then continued “Hades’ face is a mask that can be removed and put on a person changing them into Hades which is what happened to the High Lord. Harrumph each person after being Hades remembers every single detail of what they did while being that Drainer.” 
Jinks folded his arms as he heard Lance giving off a growl sound as Ramses after a pause spoke “Alright I’ll tell you. A stupid Highlander did that mind control trick on a Shadonian male in front of the High Lord wearing the Hades suit who asked questions on what the Highlander was doing which the Highlander stupidity explained everything not realizing that a Shadonian was wearing the Hades suit asking those questions.”
Jinks looked at Lance who’s arms were folded and eyes he saw were all black and narrowed aimed at Ramses who kept on speaking “Oh by the way the High Lord isn’t the only Shadonian aware of the mind control trick. Hah you Highlanders have gotten too sloppy with your mind controlling males to notice the females every single one of them aren’t fooled by the males’ actions and they managed to figure out by them observing males hanging around you Highlanders that you were causing some mind control trick on them.”
He heard Lance give off a loud growl sound and watched the man unfold his arms holding them up with palms facing the sky. 
He turned away to look at Ramses who’s head was still bowed and heard the Meritanian speaking “Well from mind scans those females have purposely kept Highlanders away from the High Lord along with insisting on guarding him whenever he travels outside the palace. They managed to rope the other races living on the Shadonia’s home base to spy on Highlanders anyway they can and has already informed them of the mind control trick. By the way the females managed to convince those races to secretly guard the High Lord whichever doesn’t matter if he’s in the palace or traveling among his people.”
Jinks frowned hearing Ramses’ words as Ramses paused from talking as he heard Lance give off a roaring noise and looked at him to see lightening like bolts jutting from his palms and lightening flashing from the sky landing behind the man. He looked back at the three Meritanians to see the females clutching each other with pained looks on their faces as Ramses jerked his form sideways with his head still bowed. 
He heard Ramses yell “I’m not doing that and neither are my sisters! Stop blaming us whenever there’s some silly earthquake hitting! It’s causing us pain and we hate it when it happens! So stop blaming us, blame the planet!”
Jinks turned his attention towards Lance who he saw had his lips curled in a sneer with teeth bared. 
He again heard Ramses yell “Stop asking me questions about the earthquake! I’m not a planet! I’m a mind walking sentient plant and don’t you forget that!”
Jinks looked at Lance who abruptly folded his arms lightening stopping flashing from him. He saw Lance’s eyes turn from all black to Human blue that narrowed glaring at the Meritanians which he turned his attention towards to. 
He saw Ramses raise his head with a frown on his face who spoke “Damn Highlanders. Every time there’s a disaster such as an earthquake hitting the High Council’s base they always blame me for causing it which I’m hearing them saying that.” 
He heard one of the females give off a harrumph like sound as the other spoke “Why don’t they just go to the depths?”
He heard Lance speaking loudly with irritation in his voice “Enough with this useless babble. I detect my power got the High Council’s base to give off a signal marking their location broadcasting it with some message saying that their High Council and they rule the races.” 
Jinks saw Ramses pointing a finger at him and spoke “Shouldn’t it be time for you to get up from bed?”
He frowned as Lance’s hand appeared in his eyes sight forcing his eyes shut and he came to find himself sitting in a leaning back position with a hand shaking his right arm. He jerked open his eyes to discover he was still in the limo that wasn’t moving and looked at his right to see a Highlander standing outside the car wearing a driver’s uniform with a frown on his face that remove his hand on his arm. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “We’re here at the home base building. You seemed to be passed out hence me waking you up.” 
He groaned feeling tiredness still hitting him got out of the car and saw the familiar building entrance with two Highlanders wearing Master army uniforms and guns in their hands standing in front with blank expressions on their faces. He sighed and walked inside through the lobby towards the elevator which he took to the residence's floor and walked out to meet Willingham who looked at him with disapproval on his face when his eyes fell on his necklace. 
Jinks shrugged Willingham’s facial expression and spoke “I’ll be in my room taking a nap. I’m tired.” 
He shook his head and sluggishly walked towards the bedroom to stop at the gym room and eyed the mattress floor with relief on his face. He walked into the room and allowed himself to hit the floor face first and shut his eyes. Jinks dreamed of an overhead view of himself lying on the floor as Willingham came into view to get on his knee and unclasped the necklace around his neck yanking it off and held it up an arm length in front of him with a gloved hand and walked out of view as the sight went black. 
Jinks came to find himself lying in bed on top of the blankets wearing nothing but his familiar black sweatpants and there was a wet cloth on his forehead and sweat dripping from his face and elsewhere. He heard nothing in the room slowly sat up using night vision and felt dizziness hitting him hard. He forced himself to lie down and shut his eyes passing out till he came to find himself sitting up in bed back against a pillow against the padded headboard and his nose smelled something familiar while feeling an object poking his mouth. He kept his eyes closed opened his mouth to admit the object he felt was a straw which he greedily sucked the contents discovering it was strawberry milkshake which he drank it till the straw stopped giving the drink to him. 
He spat out the straw to groan loudly “What happened to me?” 
He heard his words come out garbled frowned as the urge to sleep hit him hard which he leaned his head back and went unconscious. 
Jinks came to find himself still in bed in a lying position while feeling himself much better but weak. He jerked open his eyes to stare at the ceiling that seemed different from the penthouse’s ceiling. He slowly raised himself up to look around the room he saw with recognition was a bedroom in someone's house as the sun shined through the open windows letting in cold cool air. He eyed a doorway his mind told him was the bathroom and slowly got up from the bed and slow walked towards it with hands out as he felt himself stumbling towards it. Jinks entered the bathroom to see the shower stall which he bent down yanking off the sweatpants leaving them littered on the floor and went into the shower stall to lean against the tile wall. He breathed hard through his mouth panting at his body’s weakness hitting him as bile rose from his throat. He bent down opening his mouth and felt a choking sensation as something became dislodged from his throat entering his mouth which he spat out. He eyed the object that was small and circular and appeared to be made out of plastic like material with a red light on it blinking while giving off a faint humming sound. Jinks picked up the object he figured was a homing beacon and crushed it with his fisted hand crumbling it to pieces. He heard the humming sound stop as he fisted his fist tighter in a tight grip and felt the pieces crumble into smaller pieces. He unclenched his hand and tossed the pieces aiming at the bare wall in the bathroom which he saw hit it hard crumbling some more. Exhaling a breath he straightened his form and turned on the water turning it to lukewarm with a hint of coldness in it and stood under the spray allowing the water to pour over him. He felt some of his strength returning as he cleansed himself with soap and shampoo and once done walk out turning off the water to grab a towel drying himself thoroughly. He saw sitting on the sink counter was folded clothing appearing to be in the color black with shoes looking dressy on the floor. Sighing he went to the clothes to discover that they were all feeling like made out of expensive material, a long sleeve top, underwear shorts, socks and pants which he put on his form along with the shoes then again eyed the counter which he saw a hairbrush besides the sink and grabbed it. He brushed his hair he saw was still bushy brown and fell a few inches above his shoulders till it looked neat. Jinks sighed and walked out of the bathroom to the bedroom’s entrance door which he opened and walked out into the hallway. He heard a baby cry noise sounding from an open doorway further into the hallway and as if drawn walked towards the doorway hearing the crying get louder. Jinks entered the room seeing it was the house's main bedroom and eyed the crib which he saw movement in it through the crib slats. He eyed the bathroom door which was ajar and heard noises of a shower running as the baby in the crib gave off a loud wail noise. Sighing Jinks walked to the crib and peered at the baby he saw had his face scrunched up while giving off his crying noises. He reached with his hands and lifted up the baby from the crib to feel that it was a male. He cradled the baby close to his chest and went to the rocking chair to sit holding the baby in his arms. Jinks eyed the baby who’s face stopped scrunching up to coo baby noises before shutting his eyes falling asleep in his arms. He eyed the bathroom doorway and leaned back in the rocking chair slowly rocking it till he felt himself falling asleep shut his eyes. 
Jinks dreamed of himself on a beach facing Lance who had annoyance in his face. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Drat that brother of mine! He had poison wrapped around the necklace you were wearing which affected you enough to get sick from it. I don’t know how but that servant of yours Willingham knew that the necklace had poison on it from looking at it.”
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words as he put a hand to his neck and rubbed the area where the pendant used to touch him. 
Lance again spoke “Willingham had that necklace put in a metal lock box and sealed inside some newly dedicated monument honoring the dead where your friend Senator Nathan Baxter as he's referred personally oversaw the ceremony in some capital city full of monuments.”
Jinks spoke “Washington D.C.?”
He frowned as Lance spoke ignoring his question “You’ll have to do without the necklace, Jinks. Too many people I observed seemed greedy enough to want to take it from you and wear it themselves hence me ordering you away from them.” 
Jinks frowned further showing it on his face as he recalled eating in the army compound mess hall while being stared at by multiple eyes and frowned as he recalled some greedy look in the men he sat with staring at him eyes aimed at his necklace while chatting among each other. 
He heard Lance added still talking “I managed to rope Ramses and his sisters to do sabotage to the High Council and their servants in their home base. Hopefully it’ll take the High Council a long time till they figure out that the Meritanians are doing the sabotage.” 
He opened his mouth to speak as Lance abruptly covered his eyes forcing them closed and he found himself back in the rocking chair to open his eyes with a jerk. Jinks looked down at Nathan he assumed was the baby's name that was squirming in his arms with eyes open on his scrunched up face appearing to cry again. He sighed as he heard a hair dryer sound cut itself off from the bathroom as Nathan gave off a wail. Jinks turned his attention towards the bathroom doorway with impatience running through him and were rewarded when a female walked out dressed in some sweat suit that had surprise on her face seeing him. Exhaling a breath he got up from the rocking chair as she walked up to he and he handed her Nathan who still gave off his wailing crying noises. 
He heard her electronic gloves go off sounding “Oh he’s hungry.”
Jinks sighed watching as Lauralee he recognizing her went to the rocking chair and sat adjusting her top baring a breast and brought Nathan to it to suckle who stopped his crying noises. Jinks stood watching Lauralee’s face show a zone out expression as Nathan he observed had his meal followed by her shaking her head with the expression gone from her face as she brought the baby to her shoulder patting his back. He folded his arms eyes on Lauralee who stopped patting Nathan and adjusted her top covering her breast before getting up from the rocking chair. 
He stared at Lauralee who signed with one hand with her arm device giving off words “Come along, Jinks. You need nourishment from fighting that sickness you had.” 
Jinks nodded his head and followed her out of the bedroom down the hallway to the stairs which he went down and continued to follow her to the dining room. 
Once in the dining room he eyed two trays filled with food on the table both having cups filled with thick pink liquid and heard Lauralee’s device go off speaking “The tray with the cooked cheese sandwiches and fries is for you as part of your food requirements so eat. I expect you to eat all of it.”
He with no protest went to the tray with the food Lauralee indicated and sat down taking a sandwich and eating it. He found himself ravenously hungry willed himself to take his time eating the food which he ate leaving nothing left and drank up all the liquid in the cup he discovered was strawberry milkshake. Once done Jinks grabbed the napkin and wiped his mouth clean with it then leaned back in the chair feeling himself better and fully returned to normal. He heard the dogs outside barking noises that sounded like they were sounding the alarm and saw the sunlight become blocked out which he darted towards a window and peered through the blinds eyes aimed at the sky. He saw the High Council’s familiar ship floating above blocking part of the sunlight and bared his teeth fisting his hands. 
He heard Lauralee’s device go off “Jinks, what’s going on out there?” 
Jinks instead of answering jogged out of the dining room towards the front doors which were open to walk outside underneath the porch to stand staring at the ship. He blinked his eyes to find himself standing in the dining room next to Lauralee looking confused while holding Nathan and heard an explosion like sound sounding repeatedly. Jinks darted towards the window to peer through the blinds at the ship seeing bolts of fire coming from a sideways direction hitting the ship that flew up towards the sun becoming smaller and smaller. He felt a rumbling like vibration and looked to see the ship in the sky burst into a giant fireball as another ship came into view looking different from the first ship that flew towards the fire ball firing bolts of fire towards it repeatedly. Jinks frowned as Lauralee tapped him on the shoulder. 
He looked to get her signing "Come with me to the bedroom now. It's set to keep us safe inside from harm."
He obeyed to follow her to the Senator's he assumed bedroom to sit in an armchair. He frowned finding the windows remained open with air blowing into them. Jinks eyed Lauralee as he sat in the Senator’s bedroom sitting in an armchair across from her sitting in another armchair. 
He signed to Lauralee “What happened to me and how did I wound up here?”
Lauralee signed without gloves on “You fell ill with a sickness and while recovering the doctor there said that a change of scenery will do you some good to help you heal.” 
He frowned raising his hands up as he saw Nathan lying on Lauralee’s lap’s form change into a wolf appearing to be a cub. 
He signed “Lauralee, check the baby. Are you aware of that?”
He stared at Lauralee who looked down at Nathan then looked up to sign “Oh his name is Nathan. It’s a normal thing among Amula babies. It is sometimes a defense move for an Amula baby when threatened to change into a wolf cub to either get away or defend themselves from danger. This stops when their around two years old and hit again when their in their teens mostly from the ages of fifteen to eighteen is when it becomes permanent.” 
Jinks nodded his head as he heard the door open and looked to see a male Human looking older than him walk into the room who he noticed speed walked up to Lauralee who got up from the chair to hug and kiss him. He sighed as the Senator Nathan Baxter he assumed was him and Lauralee went into a lengthy kiss to his annoyance. He eyed Nathan warily to find the baby in his Human form that gave up wailing sounds. He found the Senator looking down to pluck Nathan from Lauralee not resisting and appeared to be cradling the baby in his arms while rocking him slowly. Jinks sighed and leaned back staring at the ceiling seemingly lengthy till he felt bored enough to shut his eyes. 
He opened his eyes to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder to find the hand's owner was Lauralee who signed "Since you indicated that your tired I'll show you to the guest bedroom where you can sleep."
Jinks didn't protest towards Lauralee who led him out of the room to the guest bedroom then left him. 
He groaned and without a word mentally thought to himself "I do wish I would have a wife and child myself."
Jinks heard nothing to his thinking went to the bed to lay his form down onto it and shut his eyes figuring to himself "I might as well sleep and rest as long as I can here."
Jinks found himself facing Lance who displayed an all black eyed look making him nervous to see. He found himself blurting what he was thinking his wish to his shock and feeling annoyed with what he was saying. He grunted as Lance forced his eyes shut in response.
Jinks jerked his eyes open feeling his senses blaring warning. He looked to see a female form wearing some goggles covering her eyes and Highlander ears sticking out on the sides of her head while holding a gun like weapon aimed at him from standing next to the bed. He willed the Master through to glare at her with narrowed eyes as she abruptly disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks frowned as an image of the Highlander female flashed in his mind showing her in a brown walled room looking confused followed by her going to a door that looked familiar and banging on it. He frowned recognizing the door as the one in the Lotus Order’s temple when he stayed there long time ago. He frowned some more as the memory of Asians in the area looking at him with different emotions on their faces as he walked by them in Chinatown. He stiffened as it dawned to him that the Asians were actually Highlanders that were reading his mind hence their faces showing emotions while staring at him walking by them. Jinks willed the Master away shut his eyes and jerked them open when he heard a sound of banging on the door. Groaning he reached over and turned on the lamp and got up from the bed feeling disgust running through him. He went to the door and unlocked it yanking it open with a slam to see Lauralee looking annoyed by her facial expression. 
He stared at her as she signed without her gloves on “There’s a no lock doors policy in the house at night time and I expect you to honor it period.” 
Jinks frowned signing “I get the message on what you’re implying that the doors should be unlocked for emergency personal to come and get us out of the house if the need arrives.” 
He saw Lauralee’s expression turn more glaring as she walked by him speed walking into his bathroom. He growled some sound of annoyance feeling himself getting annoyed to fold his arms glaring at the bathroom doorway as Lauralee walked out with her eyes flaring of a wolf gonoid to his shock. 
He gave her a glare ignoring her eyes' change as she signed “I smell a female in your room and I want to know where she went.”
Jinks thought to himself “I might as well lie for I don’t think she’ll believe me if I mention the three plants and their transporting ability to her.”
He signed with his hands “I threw her out the window for she wasn’t what I had in mind.” 
He stared at Lauralee whose expression remained the same to sign “Yeah right.” 
Jinks watched her leave the room then he grabbed the doorknob and slammed the door shut behind her. He shook his head groaning loudly and went to the bed to lie in it turning off the lamp and pulled the blankets up to his chest while shutting his eyes feeling himself needing the sleep. 
Jinks woke up with a jerk seeing the room washed with sunlight shining through the sheer curtains from the windows with a dream fully in his mind. He recalled meeting the female Highlander in the Lotus Order's private room after transported to there via the Meritanians. Jinks continued to recall he wound up stripping himself of his clothes and found the female Highlander doing the same with her clothes. 
This was followed by mating with her and she speaking once done "The name is Aja." 
Jinks recalled not saying a word in response as he found himself transported back to the Senator's guest bedroom to take a shower and then got back into bed falling asleep. Jinks yawned shaking his head of the memory while feeling himself a bit rested and with a sigh got up from the bed and went into the bathroom to grab clothes folded on the sink counter putting them on along with his shoes while taking off his older clothes. He sighed and left the bedroom taking a route to the dining room to see the Senator there with Lauralee both eating and Nathan he saw lying in a shallow crib between their seats. He spotted on the table on the Senator’s left was a tray holding dishware filled with food and a cup filled with pink liquid. He went to the chair and sat ignoring the couple’s sign language conversation absent mildly not paying attention to it. Once done with the food Jinks leaned back in the chair and raised his eyes to stare at the Senator to see he was done with his food and was looking at him. 
He frowned as the Senator spoke using his voice and not signing with his hands “I have a confession to make. Over a year ago after marrying Lauralee, I was diagnosed with cancer and had a tumor removed along with some heavy medication to help cure me from the cancer. This left me not able to father children through mating ways and that the doctors advised me not to use myself for an implantation I was hoping to get into Lauralee.”
Jinks frowned some more sensing the Senator was genuine and honest with his words as the male continued speaking “Laurena, as her actual name, got out of a bad relationship with a boyfriend just prior to meeting me and during our courtship the boyfriend in question harassed her with threats. I had to use my influence as a Senator and money to keep the ex boyfriend off of Laurena which was successful for a time till she disappeared.”
He stared at the Senator who paused then continued to speak “The ex boyfriend successfully outwitted me by kidnapping Laurena as a rented limo driver and brought her to New York City to hide. He did his abuse to Laurena as retaliation against her breaking up the relationship which she has admitted that while suffering from him along with repeatedly replaying memories of our courtship as a sane way to survive the torture.”
Jinks formed the frown on his face as the Senator added “I apologize for myself and Laurena for not saying anything to you about us being married to each other when she wound up carrying your son Nathan.”
Jinks nodded his head in agreement not trusting his voice. 
The Senator spoke “I found out by sources in the Master Organization group by some peasants that Laurena was under your care along with later turned out to be pregnant with your child. The reason I didn’t say anything for I wasn’t sure of Laurena’s frame of mind from suffering the abuse and what her reaction would be if I came forward admitting that she was my wife. I was afraid her reaction would be negative with divorce in mind something I don’t want for I love her very much hence my silence.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the Senator kept talking “Laurena has with some counseling help admitted after Nathan’s birth that she didn’t say anything to you about being married for she was afraid of what my reaction would be to learn that she mated with another man and wound up carrying the man’s child. She was more nervous on what my reaction would be if I learned that she was tortured and shot the abuser which she was thinking it would cause a scandal among the governmental officials enough to tarnish my reputation to consider divorcing her just to get rid of her. I should add that Laurena and I are currently undergoing in home counseling through a licensed therapist that is a member of the Knights group second lowest rank in the organization.” 
Jinks frowned but gave a head bob in response as the Senator added ""I think from the looks of you that you'll make a good King."
Jinks exhaled a breath to frown as the Senator continued signing his words "I said I think from the looks of Jinks that he'll make a good King. What do you think?"
He eyed Laurena who signed "Perhaps you should take him to the office and introduce him to the staff. See how it goes with him ordering them around."
He groaned softly as the Senator got him out of the house into the limo despite giving him a jacket to wear with his clothes. He kept the groaning as the Senator got him to his office he forced to meet the staff working there. He found himself running the office like a leader without the Senator's help who remained locked into an office on the phone lengthy whenever he glimpsed the male. Jinks felt relieved when the work day signaled its end to find the limo taking him to the city. He sighed once relieved to be back into the city to sit on a bench outside the building.
Jinks felt sleepiness hitting him groaned softly to think "Lance wants to talk to me again."
He sat and leaned back to shut his eyes passing out to dream of himself on the beach facing Lance who spoke “All you’ve been doing before the High Council’s rude interference is eating and sleeping while suffering boredom of having nothing to do in your life which your doing it again.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lance continued “You need to get a life with something to do hence me insisting that you get the King position.”
He frowned recalling that he didn't age including recalling the Senator's wording to figure to himself "Lance manipulated him to speak that."
Jinks spoke “What am I supposed to do with the fact that I don’t age? Also the current King passed a law saying that people wishing to hold his position has to have ten years of experience of holding a political office to become King. How do you expect me to do that?”
He frowned forming it on his lips as he heard Lance give off a growling sound and stiffened seeing his father’s blue eyes become all black with the lips forming a sneer. 
Lance spoke with anger in his voice “Must you doubt my powers, Jinks? I can control a lot more than you think and it doesn’t involve my earthquake shaking power.” 
He heard a new voice speak “Isn’t kidding on that.” 
He turned to his right to see the three Meritanians standing in a row while recognizing the speaker as Ramses. 
He heard Lance speak with annoyance in his tone “What are you doing here? This is a private conversation go be elsewhere.” 
He frowned as Ramses spoke “Actually just want to report to who cares that the Humans aka First Ones are getting suspicious by too many signs that the Shadonia aren’t the only ones living underwater in Shadan.” 
He frowned as Ramses paused to bow his head while continuing speaking “I’m not kidding on that, High Council. This report is from mind scanning First Ones in the main land and in the area near us which too many have that suspicious view hitting them too. Also the Shadonia with help of some other unidentified species, about several actually are fueling the First Ones’ suspiciousness by dropping hints about you and your base here including what your views about the First Ones are.” 
Jinks frowned as Ramses paused while hearing Lance give off a loud growling noise and heard the Meritanian continue speaking “What do you expect me and my sisters to do?! We’re just a bunch of mind walking plants. How do you expect us to manipulate the First Ones when there are other races we can’t control no matter how we try sabotaging our efforts? Harrumph, don’t blame us when the First Ones figure you out.”
Jinks stared at Ramses who raised his head to continue speaking “Damn Highlanders expecting us to do things like them when we’re just sentient mind walking plants stuck in the ocean. I’m hearing them discussing us like we’re Highlanders like them. Harrumph stupid Highlanders still won’t get it that we’re plants not manoids despite us telling them that.” 
He heard Lance growl out “Enough of this useless babble-”
Jinks heard Ramses interrupt “Shouldn’t it be time for you to get up from bed?”
He saw Ramses pointing a robe covered finger at him as Lance’s hand appeared in view forcing his eyes shut and he came to find himself sitting on the bench with his senses blaring warning. He jerked his eyes open to spot a standing crowd of people in front of him scattering in many directions fast walking away from him and figured that they had stopped to stare at him sleeping on the bench. With a groan he got up from the bench and went inside the building heading towards the elevator to the apartment which he went to the dining room to spy on the table were the two familiar newspapers. Sighing he grabbed “Master’s Herald” and scanned for the date seeing it was December twenty one frowned remembering himself blowing a candle on a cake like it was his birthday when it wasn’t. He frowned some more remembering himself eating a bite of the cake that tasted awful then telling off Willingham that he wasn’t eating more of it before getting up heading to the gym room and fainting on the way becoming sick from the pendant's poison. He tossed the newspaper on the table then went to the kitchen slamming open the doors to see Jeff at the stove that paused from cooking to look at him. 
Jinks spoke “Jeff, how long was I out sick from being poisoned?”
He formed a questioning look on his face aimed at Jeff who formed a big frown on his face before speaking “You ate the cake on the twenty first which is when you got sick and was out till today.” 
He spoke as he walked further into the room still keeping the questioning look on his face “Humor me, when’s my birthday? It’s been too long since I’ve celebrated it or bothered to remember it.” 
He frowned inwardly as he heard Roberta clear her throat looked at her still washing the dishes at the sink then at Jeff who still had that frown on his face. 
Jeff spoke with a frown in his voice tone “It’s the twenty first of December according to your birth certificate that lists you born on that day.”
Jinks sighed and rubbed a hand on his forehead and then spoke “Does the birth certificate say what’s my legal name is?”
Jinks lowered his hand and again heard Roberta again give off a throat clearing noise sounding like disapproval in the tone as he stared at Jeff whose eyes gave off nervousness in them despite the frown on his face. 
He continued to stare at Jeff who spoke still having the frowning tone “According to records your legal name is Jinks Montreal but the birth certificate says some other name I heard is Alex Knight. I heard that after you reached legal adult status you changed your birth name to the name Jinks Montreal that is the current one you have now.”
Jinks nodded his head as Jeff abruptly turned away to resume cooking on the stove as he stood in the kitchen. He heard the doors open on his right and turned to see Willingham with disapproval in his eyes face composed in some neutral expression aimed at him walking into the kitchen. 
He frowned as Willingham reaching him spoke “I’m told to inform you that the Table members are meeting in the building in the meeting room today at this hour. I heard that one of them is Donald aka Richard Marshall is there.”
Jinks frowned hearing the name Richard Marshall as Willingham continued to speak “According to my source Donald has the water rigged with poison which was switched out to regular water in some sick attempt to get the others to believe in Simon as the Master which my source is insisting that you attend the meeting and teach Donald a lesson on that.” 
Jinks frowned as he recalled Burke Richardson as he spoke “Willingham, would this Donald be a descendant of Burke Richardson some guy who claimed to father the original Jinks Montreal?”
He stared at Willingham whose eyes became glaring as the butler spoke with annoyance in his tone “Burke Richardson according to records did what you said about Jinks Montreal but he didn’t have any descendants biologically but had one grown step son named Donald through his second marriage to some female socialite named Erica Marshall. She was originally married to some man named Teague Marshall. “
Jinks stiffened hearing the name as Willingham continued “Teague Marshall as the records say wound up murdered shot to death by some prowler in his home which the murderer hasn’t been found. There’s won’t die rumors that his wife pulled the trigger so she could get rid of him to marry Burke which the wedding happened a month after Teague’s murder. The cops back then have been letting people get away with crimes including murder which is still happening today in the city not stopped by that miserable excuse of an idiot jerk Mayor Kevin Hettinger.”
Jinks sighed as Willingham paused then continued “Excuse my language and for saying my opinion.” 
He nodded his head and then spoke “Where’s the meeting at anyway?”
He stared at Willingham who cleared his throat glaring look in his eyes going away as the butler spoke “I’m to take you there Master Jinks so follow me.” 
He again nodded his head and followed Willingham out of the kitchen to the elevator which he went inside following the butler and watched as the man pressed a numbered button with the number twenty one on it. Jinks felt the elevator go down with a humming sound till the elevator stopped showing a familiar scene he remembering it saw before when Roosevelt was alive. He wordlessly followed Willingham out of the elevator pass the receptionist that looked at him with reverence in her eyes to another hallway till the butler stopped at a set of double doors yanking one open noiselessly. He saw Willingham put a finger to his lips and point with the finger to the room gesturing him to walk inside. Jinks obeyed going inside the room hearing the door shut behind him quietly. He saw the room was familiar despite in inky blackness with a spot light over a large round table where people he saw males and females were gathered around it in chairs. He looked around the room to see surrounding them were people sitting at consoles wearing head phone like gear on their heads eyes still aimed at the monitors in front of them.
He heard a male voice loudly speaking from one of the males “Welcome Table members to the meeting as called by me. Feel free to have a drink of water on me Donald, as provided.” 
Jinks stood watching as some of the Table members drank from glass cups in front of them. 
He walked forwards to reach the Table members and spoke loudly “The water has been switched out from poison to regular water due to my source telling me that.” 
He eyed the male speaker, Donald, he assumed was him, sitting at the Table across from his standing position that had a narrowed eyed glare on the man’s face seeing him. Jinks felt the Master blown in him allowed it through and found himself floating above his body watching his body change into Lance with folded his arms with a glare on his face. 
He heard Lance speak moving his mouth “Simon Idaho was originally a believer of mine who became obsessed with me. He lost himself to his obsession that I had him killed off due to him losing his way and beliefs in me.”
Jinks at the moment found himself back in his body with the Master willed away from him. Jinks again eyed Donald who still had that glaring look on his face but appeared to be distracted by the eyes staring at the table along with the man’s furious expression. He felt the urge to leave the room hit him nodded his head while eyeing each of the Table members having reverence in their eyes aimed at him. Jinks turned and walked to the door opening and walked out of the room to meet Willingham standing in the hall the butler having a neutral expression in his face and eyes. 
Jinks spoke “It’s done. The others should be believers now.” 
He saw Willingham nod his head before the butler turned around and he followed the man walking down the hallway to the elevators. 
Jinks got inside with Willingham who pressed the button labeled “Penthouse.”
He felt the elevator move going up frowned thinking to himself “What does my father have in mind for me to become King? I can’t just go public demanding people to vote me for that position. I’ll need to hold a public office first and have experience in this which would make people vote for me.” 
He paused from his thoughts as the elevator reached the Penthouse floor and he walked out following Willingham who spoke “Some one told me to tell you that you’re wanted in the dining room for a meeting on something I’m not told what it was.”
Jinks shrugged then walked to the dining room following Willingham. He paused entering the room to spot a crowd of people Humans and Highlanders in male and female forms scattered around the table some having keyboards with screens attached in front of them with them typing away talking in whispered tones. 
He heard Willingham clear his throat then loudly speaking in a loud tone “Master Jinks is here as ordered.”
Jinks frowned as the group paused from their talk to look at him mostly having reverence in their eyes before resuming their work as a male Highlander walked up to him. 
He frowned even further as the Highlander spoke “Good you’re here. We don’t have much time before the deadline next month on the nineteenth and there’s much to be done.” 
He felt confusion hit him spoke “Excuse me? Can you humor me on what you’re really talking about?”
He saw the Highlander’s face turn into a frown before speaking “I’m talking about you challenging the current New York City Mayor Kevin Hettinger for his position which the deadline to submit the challenge is January nineteenth next month. You have now till January nineteenth to be ready for campaigning for the position which is followed by convincing the voters to vote for you till Election Day in November. “
Jinks nodded his head thinking to himself “So that’s what you’re up to, father.”
Jinks found the Highlander calling himself McCart teaching him how to act in public while running for the Mayor's office including how to give speeches to get people to vote for him lessons that kept on going for days. He felt relieved once the lessons were over to go to his bedroom only to find a wrapped package sitting on his bed. He frowned and opened the package to find a picture of himself with an Asian he recognized as Tan Lee he seeing them both wearing karate uniforms. He sighed and eyed the object below the picture with shock he recognized as his mother's journal. He walked to the wall to place the picture of himself on a shelf in the wall and then went to the wing back chair to sit and examined his mother’s journal seeing its looking old with pages yellow and worn but still in good condition. He carefully examined the handwriting in the journal to see its ink is still in good condition. Jinks felt sad realizing that his mother had been dead for years which he sighed and opened the journal to skim the contents. He discovered from skimming that the contents are the same as he read years ago recalling him reading it and found the picture of his mother holding him as newborn baby still inside with the photo appearing to look old but the details are still clear. Jinks once finished got up going to the bed’s dresser and yanked open a drawer seeing nothing inside but a folded blanket which he gently placed the journal inside and closed the drawer shut gently. He wandered out of the bedroom passing by Willingham carrying a box which he went to the TV room and with a remote turned it on flicking through the channels seeing that their all on Christmas and how people are celebrating the holiday. He stopped at a local news channel featuring people talking about decades’ old tradition in the city of the bell dubbed Liberty ringing in the Times Square. 
He heard them mention "We're wondering who has been selected to ring the bell ten times counting the seconds to midnight as Christmas ends followed by Remembrance Day happening." 
Jinks frown as he gets his senses blared seeing the TV broadcast and listens to them talking "The bell committee passed over Mayor Hettinger and whoever the Mayor selects to assist with the bell ringing for someone else instead of going to the man as traditionally done for the last five years." 
He felt his senses blared warning as the broadcast continued to speak "The five years of bell ringing was done by the Mayor and a man gone by the name of Donald which this time the committee broke tradition and went with someone else." 
He frowned listening as the TV continues to blare "There’s rumors that the Governor of the state running for the King position suggested to the committee to select someone who is newly running for office in the state as the bell ringer for this person to gain publicity for their campaign." 
Jinks frowned getting the feeling that he’s the one who the committee has selected to ring the bell and wondered to himself if his father had a hand in it. He felt sleepiness shut off the TV and leaned back shutting his eyes. He dreamed of himself back at the beach facing Lance with an irritated look on his father’s face. 
Lance spoke “Jinks do you remember the religious fanatics?”
He grimaced recalling them as his father continued speaking “Those people have descendants that passed along their views to them and that they have kept very detailed records of your life over the years that their aware of your non Human characteristics including your deathless state.”
Jinks felt himself annoyed hearing that as Lance kept talking “New York City despite a number of people leaving to live elsewhere got a surge of residents’ mostly religious fanatics since you took residence in the penthouse. There are rumors going around in the city that you are challenging the current Mayor for his position and will announce the confirmation somewhere in the Human calendar month of January before this dated deadline arrives.”
He frowned as Lance paused to give off disgust sound before adding “I had nothing to do with some people selecting you as a bell ringer.”
He stiffened hearing that as his father kept talking “There are religious fanatics in the committee that selected the bell ringer who with the governor’s input insisted on you taking the job. The bell ringer position is a two person job and that your one person selected with the committee already selected another person who I’m aware of is the governor himself.”
Jinks frowned as Lance paused to sigh before speaking “You will be informed of the bell ringer job soon.”
He opened his mouth to speak and felt his eyes forced shut which he came to wake up on the couch feeling annoyed which he turned on the TV to see a broadcast of the governor on it talking about being selected by the bell ringer committee to ring the bell as their second choice. 
He listened as the governor paused then continued "I don’t know who they picked as their first choice and their not telling me much about that." 
Jinks heard a throat clearing noise sounding on his right looked to see Willingham standing there which he looked with a questioning look on his face. 
Willingham spoke “You have a visitor in the dining room.” 
Jinks got up and left the TV room walking to the dining room which once inside he frowned seeing his familiar staff member a Highlander dubbed Cart standing there with arms folded with a serious expression on his face. 
Jinks paused from walking as Cart spoke “I just been informed by a committee that you have been selected along with the governor to ring the bell as traditionally done.”
He sighed as Cart paused from talking to stare at him with a narrowed eyed look which he figured that the Highlander wanted him to say something. 
Jinks spoke “Uh I’m not sure what I’m supposed to do.” 
He saw Cart’s look become more glaring that made him stiffen as the Highlander spoke “Just show up in Times Square at the appointed time and wait for them to announce you and then come forwards to the podium where the bell is and with the governor ring that thing by pulling on the rope, get it?”
He nodded his head and spoke “What time is it?”
Jinks saw Cart unfold his arms and roll his sleeve revealing a jewelry cuff on his wrist and look at it before speaking “It’s around two o'clock in the afternoon now. You got plenty of time to get ready and arrive there. I suggest you dress appropriately for that. What you’re wearing isn’t suitable.”
He gave off a sigh and spoke “Anything else I should know of?”
He stared at Cart who spoke “Be sure to wear your bullet proof vest. I wouldn’t trust the city’s cops to keep you safe from harm from the way things have been going around in this city.”
Jinks groaned loudly as Cart kept talking “Also don’t trust Hettinger either. There’s a won’t die rumor going around that Hettinger had some assassin possibly a cop take out his predecessor after he lost the election which he was declared Mayor by default and hasn’t been challenged till now so watch yourself out there you hear?”
He nodded his head as Cart paused before speaking again “Just be careful. Hettinger might pull some stunt to keep you from challenging him so keep your eyes and ears open period.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust before nodding his head as Cart pointed a finger at him while having a serious expression on his face and then left the room. He stood in the room and folded his arms sighing loudly. He felt the urge to practice Karate came to him which he unfolded his arms and went to the gym room which he sensed the cameras filming him as he went through the motions of karate. He peered through the mirrors while doing Karate to see the doors were ajar and a familiar pair of eyes peeking through them that made him feel annoyed. He paused from Karate to march towards the doors seeing the eyes stopped their peeking followed by the doors slamming shut which he reached them yanked them open to peer into the hallway seeing Willingham walking down the hallway heading towards him with a questioning look on the butler’s face. Jinks gave a sound of disgust forced the doors to remain open as he went back into the room to practice Karate. He peered through the mirrors during his motions to find the doors nearly shut with the familiar eyes peeking through the opening. Jinks paused from Karate willing the Master through while eying the eyes through the mirror. 
He spoke “Whoever you are peering at me at the doors show yourself or else.” 
He eyed the doors to see the eyes disappeared from view followed by them shutting closed with a slam. Jinks growled an angry sound feeling himself annoyed folded his arms and glared at the mirror eyes on the doors. He felt himself tensed up again did karate which he again saw the eyes peering at him with the doors ajar. He paused from karate facing the doors with his hands up quickly mentally ordering the eyes’ owner to choke. Jinks saw the eyes fade from view followed by the doors shutting which he darted to the doors and yanked them open to see Willingham bent down appearing to be gasping for air while having a hand on his throat. Jinks folded his arms figuring out that Willingham was the eyes’ owner as the butler continued to gasp for air. He raised a hand and mentally ordered the choking to stop and heard Willingham gave off a loud gasp followed by seeing the butler making motions of gulping the air by his moving mouth with hand appearing to rub his throat violently. Jinks grabbed Willingham by the jacket part on his chest and forced the butler to straighten up his form. He narrowed his eyes glaring at Willingham who appeared to gulp before forming a familiar what do you want look on his face. 
Jinks spoke “I don’t find it amusing being spied on Willingham.” 
He saw a frown appear on Willingham’s face as he continued talking “Do that spying again and I’ll foot your seat violently get it?”
Jinks glared at Willingham who gave up no reaction but continued to frown as he adjusted his hold on the butler’s jacket and with such force lifted the man off his feet dangling him. 
He added “I mean it with what I said Willingham and don’t do it or else.” 
Jinks released his hand hold on Willingham’s coat letting the man drop to the floor that landed on his feet stumbling off balanced before righting himself. Jinks pointed a finger at Willingham and then stomped into the gym room slamming the doors shut behind him. He felt himself tensed up sat down on the floor and did his stretching exercises feeling himself relax from them which once done swung himself up with a Karate move. He proceeded to do karate while keeping an eye on the doors not seeing them ajar or the familiar eyes peeking through the opening. He once finished willed the Master away and walked out of the gym room and went to the dining room without seeing Willingham on the way. He stood in the dining room feeling like needing nourishment and went to the kitchen doors opening them and walked inside slamming them behind him. Jinks paused to see the servants in the room looking at him with nervousness in their eyes. 
He spoke “I would like some nourishment so cook something up. I’ll be in the dining room waiting. Don’t take too long for I’m itching to eat.” 
He left the kitchen banging the doors behind him and went to the table to sit down keeping an eye on the doors as he waited. He willed himself to be patient waiting while staring at the doors as Roberta came out carrying a see through cup full of pink liquid which she set down in front of him. He exhaled a breath feeling himself annoyed at the servants not getting what he wanted which he grabbed the cup and gulped down the strawberry milkshake drinking it all up then slammed it onto the table. He got up and stalked to the TV room to sit on the couch eyes glaring at the blank flat screen monitor hung on the wall. He leaned down and grabbed the remote turning on the TV to see the familiar broadcasters and saw that it was a rebroadcast of the broadcast he saw earlier. Growling of annoyance he changed the channel seeing broadcasts of Christmas themed programs and paused as one program looked familiar which he saw was about a gonoid dubbed reindeer with an unusual colored nose. He exhaled a breath recognizing the broadcast as a children’s program he recalled seeing over the years as a child with his mother near holiday time till the time the U.S. transferred to Shadan is when he stopped watching it. He sighed watching the program remembering himself age nine being bored with the program when he watched it with his mother reading the captions which was when he stopped watching it. He sighed again recalling a few years after the transfer to Shadan catching his mother watching the program alone with tears streaming down her face while looking upset. Jinks remembered himself age thirteen going to sit next to his mother holding her hand while she continued to cry watching the program which he ignored focused on her. He tapped her on the shoulder several times till she shook her head and looked at him. 
He signed releasing his hold on her hand “Mom what’s wrong? Why are you crying?”
He stared at his mother who stared at him back with some look he didn’t identify but left him feeling scared. His mother shook her head blinking her eyes followed by some pleasant look in her face and sadness in her eyes. 
She signed “Nothing just remembering something very sad. I’ll tell you about it one of these days. Don’t worry about my crying, Jinks.” 
With that he watched as she turned her attention back to the TV while wiping her eyes with her sleeve and ignored him staring at her till the program was over which she ordered him to go to his room and get ready for bed.

Part Three: Candidacy with Problems

Jinks stiffened from the memory as he realized the unidentified look his mother gave him was reverence cult members in the Master Organization would give him when they saw him. He exhaled a breath rubbing a hand on his forehead as the program finished its broadcast. He left the TV on letting his thoughts wander about his mother recalling memories of her raising him over the years he grew up till he went to college. Jinks heard the TV switch off followed by a throat clearing noise sounding off his right which he looked to see Willingham with seriousness on his face standing there. 
Willingham spoke “Its seven o'clock in the evening now. You should get yourself presentable now. Also be prepared to leave early to account for traffic due to how popular this event is among the city’s inhabitants and elsewhere.”
He sighed and got up walking out of the TV room passed Willingham which he walked to his bedroom shutting the doors behind him. He sighed and went into the bathroom to look in the mirror and spotted clothes sitting on the counter in the color of black with dress shoes below it. Sighing he stripped himself of his clothes and shoes leaving them piled on the floor and entered the shower stall feeling himself needing it. He cleansed himself very well and once done walked out to dry himself thoroughly. Jinks put on the clothes on the sink counter seeing that they included a fresh pair of underwear shorts and socks along with the bullet proof vest and a metal jewelry tie. He grabbed the hairbrush and brushed his hair very well and then placed the hairbrush on the sink counter before walking out of the bathroom. He sighed going to the window to peer out looking down below seeing traffic illuminated by the street and building lights looking bumper to bumper in both directions. He groaned and left the window going to the bedroom doors yanking them open to spot Willingham standing in his familiar spot. 
He sighed as Willingham spoke “I recommended you go down to the front entrance and wait for the car to arrive due to how bad traffic is at the moment.” 
Jinks nodded his head and went to the elevator taking it to the lobby which he went out to stand at the front entrance and noticed a guard a Highlander standing next to him eyes moving over the cars driving by. He stood and folded his arms eyes on the cars going by slowly wondering which one would take him. 
He heard his guard speak “The car has arrived. Allow me to escort you to it.”
Jinks didn’t comment followed the guard to a black sedan with tinted windows in traffic which he was ordered to get inside. He obeyed putting on his seatbelt and leaned his head back eyes staring at the car’s ceiling feeling its slow movements. Jinks sighed shutting his eyes and felt himself too wide awake to sleep opened them to angle his head while staring out the window to spot groups of people walking in one direction in a fast brisk pace. 
He sighed and spoke “Driver, how far is it to Liberty square as its dubbed?"
He heard his driver reply with a Highlander accent “Not too far from here. Unfortunately it’s not good for a person to walk to there on their own elsewhere through the Isle without running into traffic hazards such as taking bridges that aren’t pedestrian friendly despite traffic traveling on them.” 
He groaned and spoke “I think when I’m Mayor I’ll see about making them pedestrian friendly for both walkers and cars to travel on them.” 
He heard nothing from his driver as he continued to stare out the window watching people outside walking in one direction in brisk paces in groups of various numbers as the car moved slowly through the city then stopped near police lights flashing off a cruiser sitting in the middle of a street.
He heard the driver speak “End of the road. You’ll have to hoof it to there which won’t take you long just follow the majority of people walking who should lead you to Liberty Square as you call it."
With a sigh he undid his seatbelt then got out of the car and closed the door then followed a group of people walking passed the cruiser to the street seeing that it was bare of traffic. He exhaled a breath eyeing the cop sitting in the cruiser with a glare on the male’s face that appeared to not see him as he walked by. Jinks followed people walking brisk paces walking past him as he walked taking his time. He heard sounds of a rock band playing become louder and louder as he neared the sound to see people still walking towards it which he followed. Jinks reached the edge of a crowd held apart by barricades with cops standing nearby as he eyed a police van parked with distaste running through him. He walked between the crowds to see the cops looking in his direction with suspicion on their faces that changed to recognition which made his senses blare warning. 
Jinks walked ignoring the cops who quickly blocked his way one holding up a hand and speaking in a sneering voice tone “Your identification please.” 
Jinks sighed and made the motions of going through his pockets to find in his jacket’s breast pocket was a card which he pulled out seeing it was an ID with his picture on it along with his name. He held it up contents facing the cop who snatched it from his hand to glare at it with a flashlight then thrust it back to him. 
Jinks pocketed the ID in his breast pocket as the cop spoke sounding like speaking on his radio “Target’s here will proceed as ordered.”
He frowned as his senses behind him blared warning which he felt pain hit the back of his head from a hard metal object hitting it that made him feel dizzy. He jerked shaking his head as he felt hands grab his arms locking them behind him as metal was put around his wrists followed by himself forced walked to the police van and thrust inside it in a lying position with the doors slamming shut behind him. Jinks blinked his eyes struggling to fight the dizziness as he heard an engine sound and coughed as smoke he sensed filled up the van making him sleepy enough to shut his eyes. Jinks felt himself losing sensation of his body and all around him as he slipped into unconsciousness till there was nothing but blackness. 
Jinks woke up lying on a bed with eyes jerking open as he stared at a familiar ceiling while feeling himself no longer dizzy. He sat up with confusion running through him to discover that he was wearing a blue jumpsuit with slipper like shoes covering his feet on him. He got up looking around the room recognizing it as the room he stayed in when he was in the High Council’s hands. Groaning he got up from the bed and walked to the door which slid open showing an Annukai standing in the hallway looking surprised to see him before running away down the hallway which he tracked to double doors and running inside. Jinks groaned loudly and then walked to the double doors pushing them open to see inside was what he remembered Annukai gathered at one spot at the bar with an Annukai bartender serving them drinks along with the familiar Shadonian standing near the monitor screens in the wall and two Highlanders sitting on stools that looked his way with sinister looks. He exhaled a breath and entered the room going to a stool and sat hands clasps in front of him on the bar top. 
He frowned as the bartender set down a drink and heard him speak “It’s what you Humans call non alcoholic drink.”
Jinks eyed the cup seeing white liquid inside it which he brought to his lips taking a sip and discovered it was milk but finding himself thirsty gulped it down till none was left. He placed the cup down on the bar top and got off the stool walking towards Nameless who paused from drinking from a cup. 
He reached Nameless to stare at the monitors in the wall and heard the Shadonian speak “The High Council will send their three heads to bring you to them.”
He looked at Nameless feeling himself confused on who the three heads were as the Shadonian continued “The three heads are very good in doing their job Osiris. You’ll see who I mean.” 
He frowned turned his attention towards the monitors to hear whining squeals sounding behind him which made him spun around to see Anubis and his Hawk head guards standing an arm length away. He eyed the three as Anubis gave off a growl and pointed a finger towards him which got the two Hawk head guards to dart forwards towards him. Jinks stiffened realizing who Nameless was referring to as three heads which he saw was Anubis and his Hawk head guards. He ducked as the Hawk head guards reached for his arms which he threw himself into an acrobatic roll onto the floor getting out of the way and quickly got up behind Anubis who gave off a growl in a louder tone as the gonoid head warrior spun around. Jinks did a hard jumping karate kick putting his foot on Anubis’ chest that fell backwards onto his Hawk head guards knocking them to the floor. Jinks darted out of the room running down the hallway on his right and saw it was a dead end which he spun around to see the three familiar figures running out of the bar room that paused at the entrance looking around. He quickly darted towards a door in the wall which remained shutting as he neared it. Jinks attacked the door as he heard Anubis’ growl and eyed the three heading towards him in running speeds. Jinks stepped back from the door and raised his hands up in fists forming a karate fighting stance waiting as Anubis halted his running to hold up arms blocking his Hawk guards’ progress. 
Jinks eyed Anubis who gave off a growl and spoke loudly “Use the Keo to take him down now.” 
He eyed the Hawk head guards who faded from view followed by his senses blaring warning as he felt two pairs of hands clawed grab his arms on both sides in tight grips which he struck out his feet blindly kicking and meeting air. He heard whining squeal sounds as the Hawk head guards appeared besides him hands still gripping his arms. Jinks thrust out his feet kicking at them who kept their hands hold on his arms despite his feet meeting their bodies. 
He heard Anubis speak loudly “Osiris either you go willingly or I will knock you out your choice.” 
Jinks gave Anubis a glare as he made his form still while keeping his hands fisted as the gonoid head warrior added “Keep your hands on him and don’t let go no matter what get it?”
He heard two sounds of growling coming from the Hawk head guards as Anubis turned around with him forced to follow by their hands on him forcing him to walk. Jinks dragged his feet with no success as the Hawk head guards kept on hauling him behind Anubis down the hallway till they reached an opening in the wall and forced him through it reaching a familiar hallway. He willed the Master through as he was hauled through the hallway to reach a door that slid open showing a familiar room with a Highlander standing at a console. He jerked with no success against the Hawk head guards’ grips as he was hauled into the room which he thrust out his feet again kicking at them with no success in freeing him from their grips. 
Jinks heard Anubis speak “Osiris either you stop that behavior or I’ll knock you out.” 
He halted his kicking to glare at Anubis who went to a padded bench picking up an eye wear mask and walked up to him yanking it on covering his eyes. Jinks felt the motion of a roller coaster twisting all over the place as he sensed the Hawk head guards’ clawed nails digging into his cloth covered arms during the ride which stopped abruptly. He felt the eye wear mask yanked off of him by Anubis which he blinked his eyes as he was forced walked out of the room following the gonoid head warrior into a familiar hallway. Jinks struggled against the Hawk guards’ grips as they hauled him through a large break in the wall that seemed to be a large opening. He growled angrily seeing that the Hawk guards’ grips weren’t breaking and seemed to get tighter and tighter each time he squirmed while held by them. He was forced walked pass the opening then forced to stand which he saw he was in the High Council’s throne room with the High Council sitting on the dais and in front of them on the foot of steps leading to their seats was a masked Highlander in a male form whose mouth was in a thin line. Jinks heard a growl sound on his left looked to see Anubis standing there with ears flat on top of his head cat eyes narrowed boring at him.
Jinks glared at the High Council as the Highlander spoke sounding bored “Says welcome back Osiris so nice of you to join us. We monitored your pathetic attempts to escape which we see that Anubis and guards managed to stop you each time you fought them.”
He gave off a growl sound as the Highlander kept talking “Well we have something in mind for you to do and you’ll do it as ordered-” 
Jinks spoke interrupting the Highlander “I won’t do it whatever you have in mind. I refused period.” 
He glared at the High Council as the Highlander spoke “Says perhaps we can convince you to do the job we have in mind for us since your refusing to do it such as unleashing our weapons on your home where people will pay for your refusal.” 
He spoke in a loud tone “You wouldn’t dare do this.” 
He paused as the Highlander spoke “Says either serve us or people die your choice Osiris.” 
He spoke “Fine I’ll do the job. What is it anyway?”
He narrowed his eyes as the Highlander spoke “Says you’re to go through the travel gate to a location we provided the place in your mind where you will use your abilities to remove some unwelcome visitors permanently as in killing them off and return to here.” 
Jinks felt himself disgusted spoke “Who are those visitors that you want me to kill?”
He heard the Highlander speak “Says just remove them permanently and that’s it.” 
He spoke “Fine.” 
Jinks didn’t protest as an image of a place flashed in his mind as the Hawk guards forced him out of the room with Anubis leading. He didn’t struggle as he was hauled through the hallway to another break in the wall and forced walked through it which he saw a large room with a round circular metal gate arch in the middle of the room that was flashing whiteness in the middle of it. He felt himself let go and pushed towards the gate forced to walk through it which he found himself walking out of another gate entering a large metal grey room identical to the place in his mind. Jinks looked around in front of him to see high above was a large black window and he sensed people behind it watching along with being filmed. His eye focused on next to the window on the wall was a figure appearing to be asleep from bowed head while having back to the wall with feet touching it. He growled some angry sound recognizing the figure as a Wiser sitting on the wall with form still as he heard whining squeals sounds that made him look down abruptly to see three figures standing below at the foot of the ramp leading to the gate. He frowned seeing the three figures had round scaly green heads with no ears and golden eyes that reminded him of snakes and saw that they were wearing grey clothing with male forms that appeared to be jumpsuits with devices wrapped around their waists. Jinks eyed them as one of them spoke in gibberish that sounded like hissing to him which his companions spoke in return sounding in identical sounds of hissing. He narrowed his eyes with the Master in control at the three manoid versions of snakes he figured what they were. Jinks saw their eyes narrow while blinking a bit before they spoke in their hissing language chattering among each other in a lengthy conversation which made him get annoyed. Jinks held up a hand curling it in a fist mentally ordering the middle snake he figured he’ll call them that to choke and saw no reaction from the male who kept on chatting with his companions but heard his hissing sounds become weaker and weaker as he gagged him. His senses cued aimed at the snake who abruptly gave up a loud gasp before rolling his eyes and falling backwards hitting the metal floor with a thump. Jinks willed the choking to continue as he sensed the fallen snake’s life signs fading fast which his eyes focused on the male’s silver booted feet that became flat followed by the flatness spreading up the manoid’s legs and appeared to be spreading through out his body. He watched the snake’s companions looked down at the snake on the floor with head shakes appearing to be confused as he sensed the snake gave up his life which he willed the choking to stop. He eyed the fallen snake as if drawn to see the flatness reached the male’s head and watched as the head crumbled up in pieces looking like dirt that fell to the floor in a pile with the clothes becoming very flat as if there was nothing in it. Jinks mentally ordered the choking to hit the snake on the right who gave up hissing sounds as his companion looked at him before pulling out a device from his waist belt and waved it over him which he mentally waved his other hand ordering the device to jam. Jinks stared at the snake that waved the device then whacked his hand on it before giving up hissing sounds making him think that the male was frustrated. Jinks kept his eyes on the snake on the right who pulled out a device from his waist belt which he waved a hand mentally ordering it to jam as he kept on choking the snake that seemed to be not aware of it. Jinks watched as the snake waved the device before throwing it at the wall which hit it with a clatter sound and slid to the floor. Jinks heard the snake give up hissing a sound making him think the male was angry as he choked him. Jinks kept his eyes on the snake who gave up a loud gasp sound before rolling his eyes and falling backwards hitting the floor with a thump. Jinks watched the snake’s body became flat with the form becoming still as he sensed the male gave up his life followed by the flatness dominating the body and the head crumbling up to form a pile of dirt. Jinks mentally willed the choking to stop and focused on the remaining snake ordering him to choke who folded his arms giving up a loud hiss sound and then unfolded his arms walking towards him up the ramp. Jinks fisted his left hand waiting as the snake reached him which he brought his fist into the male’s face who flew backwards flying off the ramp to hit the floor below with a thump before form becoming still. Jinks sensed the snake gave up his life by form not moving and seeing the familiar flatness results and head crumbling up to dirt. 
Jinks willed the choking to stop and heard a male voice sounding in his mind “Now get rid of the busybody near the window or else.” 
He grimaced feeling the headache stopped as the voice went silent figuring out that the voice belonged to a Highlander speaking to him mentally. Jinks looked up at the window and found the Wiser still attached to the wall near it appearing to be asleep as he raised his fisted right hand aimed at the figure and mentally ordered him to choke. Jinks saw the Wiser jerk his head shaking it and raising it up with eyes open that appeared to focused on him. Jinks watched as the Wiser adjusted his form putting a hand on the wall and forcing his body and feet off it of followed by falling down to the floor with hand still on the wall sliding it. Jinks brought his right hand down following the Wiser’s progress as the Wiser hit the floor feet landing on it then thrust out a sword from his arm and faded from view. Jinks abruptly felt a hand grab his hair on the back of his head along with a sword blade part poking his neck and felt himself forced to turn around facing the gate. He mentally willed the choking to stop as the hand abruptly let go of him followed by a foot hitting him on the back pushing him into the gate as an image of a place flashed in his mind. 
Jinks came out of the gate falling to the floor to discover that he was in a some what small room with metal all around. He sat up and heard whining squeal sounds as figures appeared in front of him along with feeling poking in his back. He eyed the figures with recognition seeing that they were Annukai with guns in their hands pointed at him. Jinks raised his hands up in a surrender gesture as he heard a beep sound and felt the room drop down like an elevator in a fast speed. Jinks eyed the Annukai to see one with a mustache and beard gesture to him to stand up with a gun motion which he obeyed still keeping his hands up as the elevator stopped with a jerk. Jinks heard behind him the sound of elevator doors opening and was grabbed by the Annukai who forced walked him out of the elevator then released him while fading from view. He looked around to discover that he was in a large room that looked familiar with multiple people appearing to be manoid versions of ancient Earth’s gonoids that gave off growling noises seeing him standing there. Jinks exhaled a breath feeling himself disgusted with the manoids’ attitudes towards him realizing it was because he was a Human. 
He heard a guttural voice speaking in foreign language on his left which he recognized as Basic “You Human come with me. I think you need a drink after fighting with the Listeners.” 
He looked at his left to spot standing near him were three manoid versions of a gonoid he recognized as skunks as one pointed a clawed finger at him and repeated his words. He ignored the skunks he figured he’ll call them that and looked around to find the familiar doorway which he felt his arm grabbed yanked it out turning towards the grabber to see the familiar skunks standing there with glares in their eyes. He glared at them as two held up gun like devices and pointed it at him which he feeling disgusted raised his hands up. He didn’t protest as the third skunk grabbed his arm pulling him forwards through the crowd to an area he recognized as some bar where the bartender was a manoid version of a wolf in a male body that appeared to look annoyed by the look in the manoid’s eyes. 
He was thrust towards the bar and heard the skunk speak as his arm was let go “Give him the Dula. He needs it after fighting with the Listeners.” 
Jinks eyed the wolf that appeared to be sniffing with his nose before turning around and bending down lifting something before turning around and placed on the bar top a bottle of pink clear liquid which the skunk grabbed and twisted open the top and thrust it towards him. Jinks took the bottle and smelled it with his nose finding nothing missed with it. 
He heard the skunk in front of him speaking in annoyed tone “Just drink it.”  
Jinks held up the bottle only to feel it shatter in his hand as he heard a loud roaring like howl sound that sounding familiar. 
He looked at his left to see a male Drainer escorted by a female Drainer came walking towards him male speaking in Basic in a growling angry tone “You Stripeans, what do you think your doing feeding that Human a poisoned drink?!”
Jinks stiffened hearing that to growl an angry sound a bit loudly which he turned his head towards the skunks he figured were called Stripeans that were appearing to look nervous as the Drainers out of the corners of his eyes reached them. 
He glared at the Stripeans as the male Drainer spoke in a loud tone “I don’t find it amusing that you, pachas keep letting your fear towards Humans control you as in killing them off without them trying to make peace around here!”
He heard multiple sounds of growling followed by sounds that reminded him of guns cocking sounds sounding all around him as the Drainer paused from talking. 
He eyed the Stripeans as one of them spoke sounding like a smirk in his tone “If you not with us then your against us, Drainer. Take back your words now.” 
He saw the speaker’s companions thrust out their guns pointing off his right which he looked to see them aimed at the two Drainers standing there as he glimpsed nearby others pointing their gun like weapons towards his direction appearing to be aimed at the Drainers. 
He frowned as the Drainer spoke in foreign language sounding to him like a bad attempt to speak Summeran which he translated to himself “Argh, Anita, blast those Highlanders and their lies about Humans.”
He heard the female Drainer speaking in identical foreign language which he translated to himself “Just great, Ian, getting us in this situation. How do you expect us to get out of it?”
He heard Ian speak still in the foreign language “What do you expect me to do take back my words verbally? I despise this.” 
He eyed the female Drainer he assumed was Anita jabbed him with her elbow which got the male Drainer he assumed was Ian to look at her which she spoke in foreign language “Their fear is too well deep thanks to the repeated mind washing by the Highlanders which will take awhile to stop.”
He heard growls sounding from the Stripeans as one of them spoke in Basic “Drainers what do you say about this?”
Jinks eyed Ian who looked away at his direction then the Drainer spoke in Basic “I take back my words about that Human satisfied?”
He eyed Ian who folded his arms as he heard the Stripean speak “I suggest you ask for permission next time you feed or find yourself shot period.” 
He heard murmurs of agreements to the Stripean’s words muttered among the other manoids gathered around. 
Jinks frowned as Ian spoke in foreign language sounding irritated “Where the depths is Hades when you need him? He’s never around when he’s wanted. Drat that fool for going into hiding.”
He watched as Ian and Anita walked away which he followed with his eyes on them to hear loud growling sounds all around him followed by multiple beeping noises which made him look facing the manoids that aimed their guns at him. Jinks raised his hands in a surrender gesture as laser beams came from the guns in his eyes sight heading towards him which he abruptly fell into a perfect leg split hearing glass breaking noises. He heard a loud howling sound of annoyance and heard the guns stop their blasting. Jinks rolled onto his back bringing his legs together and with a karate swung up move thrust himself up to stand twisting to keep the bar at his back while eyeing the manoids who still had their guns up. He heard a whining squeal as a Wiser appeared in front of him with back facing him. He frowned as he heard loud sounds of gasping sounds followed by silence. 
He stared at the Wiser’s back and heard the Wiser speak “Edenia is watching you. Be careful on what you do with Humans.” 
He felt himself frowning as the Wiser faded from view and then he saw the manoids appearing to be chatting with each other while pointing fingers in his direction. He heard sounds of multiple growls along with nonsense sounds among the manoids that suggested that they were chatting in foreign languages to each other according to their race. Jinks eyed a doorway as if drawn took his time walking towards it ignored by the manoids which he walked around them and reached the doorway walking through it. He found a hallway with the blank wall which he walked up to putting a hand on it and it slide apart showing a metal gated arch underneath a spotlight in a room. Jinks walked through the arch hearing the walls slid shut behind him as he headed towards the gate walking up the ramp. He mentally got an image of the High Council’s gate room where he was forced through via hands pushing him through with the image flashing in his mind which he entered the gate. 
Jinks came out of the gate to see the familiar room and heard whining squeals sounds as he felt his arms grabbed by clawed hands he sensed belonged to the Hawk guards as Anubis appeared in his eyes sight. Jinks frowned as he saw Anubis’s ears were flat on the top of his head with cat eyes narrowed glaring at him before turning around walking away which he was forced walked to follow. He clamped his mouth shut as he was forced to the High Council’s throne room where the familiar Highlander was standing there with mouth in a thin line. 
He kept his mouth shut as the Highlander spoke still using the bored tone “Says well Osiris seems like you did what we asked you since you’re here.”
Jinks wisely didn’t comment to the High Council’s remark held his silence as the Highlander continued “Says one of our agents will meet with you to explain an excuse you should say to the First Ones to explain your situation.” 
Jinks felt the Hawk guards release their holds on his arms as he blinked his eyes to discover himself standing in the dining room of the penthouse facing Cart who had a narrowed eyed glare on his face with mouth forming a thin line that reminded him of the Highlander speaker’s mouth expression. 
Cart spoke using the same bored tone as the Highlander speaker to his shock “Good you’re here as transported by the Meritanians. They managed to manipulate you to crash out of that van with it spewing of poisonous gas which caused First Ones nearby to riot in panic. A pity to the cops who wound up going down with injuries in the stampede which our agents managed to get through the crowd to get you to one of our vehicles out of sight. The Meritanians transported you to our home base for medical attention which required a change of clothes due how poisonous the gas was. The High Council making you serve them was their payment for helping you.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and went to a chair sitting down as Cart paused from talking to watch him sit. 
He stared at Cart who went to a chair to sit opposite from him before speaking “The vehicle in question you were taken to before being transported was driven to your home and gained entry inside just to make it seem like you were brought to here. I should tell you that another of our agents managed to get word of this stunt happening to you including your identity to the news affiliates anonymously who have been broadcasting this report repeatedly the whole time you were gone.”
Jinks sighed as Cart leaned forwards before adding “I’m told that it took you twelve hours of breathing oxygen through a mask unconsciously for the poison and its effects to clear from your system along with fed intravenous nourishment fluid through syringe in your arm which took another additional twelve hours to restore you to health. It’s been three days since that incident.”
He frown hearing that as Cart paused and then spoke “I speak on behalf of Scotland a Highlander group formed by a former High Council member with the same name, Osiris.”
Jinks stiffened of shock running through him hearing Cart’s mention of Scotland to widen his eyes staring at the Highlander who nodded his head with a serious look on his face. 
He sighed as Cart added while handing him an envelope "Something you must do for the High Council."
Jinks frowned to read the envelope's contents finding it was an invitation to a party involving Governor George Kensington of New York in the city at a later hour. 
He spoke "What time is it?"
Jinks frowned to get a time from Cart who continued "You'll find the proper clothing in your bedroom. So go there and do something about your hygiene. You stink actually."
He groaned softly and without a word got up and went to the bedroom finding a business suit of clothes there for him to wear for the party entirely in black along with a metal tie with a blue stone. He groaned softly and got himself ready for the party. 
Jinks came out of the bedroom to the dining room to meet Cart there that proceeded to give him instructions on how he was to behave at the party. He found himself paying attention as well as he could and recalled the details fully. Jinks got into a limo once in the garage room and found a Highlander driving him to the hotel where the party was being held. He sighed to feel for the envelope with invitation in his jacket pocket. 
He recalled Cart telling him "Just show that envelope to the guards to the reception room. They'll let you through."
He didn't say a word as the driver got the limo to the hotel and got ordered out. Jinks got out sensing himself filmed to ignore the feeling which he walked inside the hotel to the lobby to feel compelled to go into a direction. He obeyed to the compulsion to find himself going to the reception room he assumed was where the party was. Jinks arrived in the hallway to find two Human males looking big and burly standing in front of a set of double doors both giving him glaring sneers on their faces as he walked up to them. Jinks produced the envelope to find one bouncer he assumed was the male's title snatching it out of his hand and scanning it via a scanner's handheld device in his hand. He frowned as the bouncer instead of handing the envelope back to him handed it towards his partner who ripped it up in pieces followed by stepping aside and giving him a sneering glare. He sighed and forced himself to walk to the door ignored by the bouncers. Jinks entered the reception room he assumed it was and stood looking around seeing people sitting at tables eating from plates with silverware in their hands. He eyed the Governor George Kensington, from Cart's description sitting at a table next to Mayor Hettinger, from Cart's description and Donald on his other side. He frowned noticing some of the people in the room were glaring at him. 
He walked forwards and was blocked by a waiter who spoke in a rude tone “The empty table is for you to sit.”
He stood as the waiter walked away and then walked towards the governor but was blocked by a man wearing a suit getting up from a table standing in his way. 
He frowned as the man spoke in a rude tone “The Governor was stupid to invite a jerk like you. I suggest you leave or I’ll have security haul you out or else.” 
Jinks didn’t say a word turned around and marched towards the door. His left hand was abruptly grabbed by a hand feeling feminine which he turned around with annoyance to see a young woman appearing to be a teenager with long black hair and blue eyes while wearing a frilly pink girlish dress who stared at him with an intense look. 
Jinks spoke a he yanked his hand out of her grip “What do you want? Speak it or I’m leaving.” 
He stared at the woman with anger running through him as she spoke “Why are you leaving? It’s rude.” 
He spoke with anger in his voice “I’m leaving for I won’t stand being invited to parties to be humiliated and insulted too. So back off and leave me alone.” 
He turned and stormed towards the door fighting anger taking control. He yanked open the door and slammed it shut behind him as he walked out. He walked in the hallway willing himself to calm down and then walked out past the bouncers heard snickering who ignored him and his apparent anger to the garage room he figured was where the limo was. He felt annoyance having to look all over the underground parking lot to find his limo and driver which he found standing in front of the car furthest from the entrance to the building. He saw his familiar driver standing outside with arms folded who seeing him opened the car door. Jinks went inside the limo and felt the door slam shut behind him. He leaned back as the driver got in the car. 
He spoke “Driver, take me home.” 
Jinks felt the limo start and leaned back shutting his eyes. He dreamed of himself on a beach facing Lance who had annoyance in his face. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “The governor is running for the King position in the election and needs your support for it along with support of Hettinger and Donald. The governor invited you to tell you that he was supporting you in your campaign for Mayor.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance paused then continued “He was forced to invite Donald and Hettinger to the party by his own advisors who kept insisting on that. Both Hettinger and Donald had supporters there at the party who made sure that you would be humiliated and feel no support from the governor. I plan to have a Highlander inform the governor of the real reason why you left the party abruptly so he’ll know of it.” 
He heard a new voice speaking “Shouldn’t it be time for you to get up from bed?”
Jinks looked at his right to see Ramses and his sisters standing there which Lance’s hand came into view and forced his eyes shut. Jinks came to feel a foot connect with his stomach. Jinks jerked his eyes open to see a large human male above him wearing nothing but shorts that brought a foot above his head. He quickly rolled over and swung himself up with a karate move and found himself in a cage with people outside it yelling encouragement towards the human male he saw was bald and appearing to be overweight. He looked around with quick scans to see that there was a gate door to the fence and behind it peering through the wire, Donald and Hettinger with smirks on their faces. Jinks ducked as the male swung a fist at him. He brought a foot into the male’s stomach hard with a karate move then kicked at the male’s head repeatedly. He saw the male shake his head and roll his eyes which he brought a leg behind the man’s knees knocking him onto the floor onto his back. Jinks brought a foot kicking the male on the head knocking him out and then stood to face Donald and Hettinger as the crowd he noticed looked well dressed and stared at the two men. He sensed himself wearing nothing but shorts that suspiciously felt like underwear and folded his arms to stare at Donald and Hettinger. He saw a hand grab Hettinger on the shoulder yanking him sideways revealing Governor Kensington who had an annoyed look on his face. 
He listened through the whispering as Kensington spoke in a loud tone “Hettinger I had a tip off that my daughter was here. Have you seen her?”
He heard Donald speak “I’ve seen her but don’t know where she is.” 
Jinks felt himself stared at from behind and felt a compulsion to turn around which he did and eyed at the fence behind it was a woman dressed in a black business suit with a hat on her head covering her hair and sunglasses on her face covering her eyes. He saw her lips were in a hint of a smile. Feeling compelled he walked forwards and placed his hands on the fence as the woman did the same with her bare hand fingers touching his. He felt a strange feeling like he knew her somewhere and frowned as the woman took off her sunglasses. He stared with shock recognizing her as the young woman, from the governor’s party that had grabbed his hand trying to keep him from leaving. He saw a happy look in her eyes as it turned into a frown as Kensington came into view grabbing her on the arm. 
He frowned as Kensington spoke “Victoria, there you are. I’m not amused that you’re here with these ruffians. Now come along.” 
He watched as the woman he assumed was named Victoria was led away her eyes still lingering on him. His senses blared a warning which brought him to kick his foot out behind him meeting flesh. Jinks spun around lowering his foot to aim another kick at the man’s head and continued to do it till the man hit the ground still shaking his head.  Jinks felt the Master blown into him along with the urge to kill hitting him darted onto the man’s back and grabbed the man’s head twisting it till he heard a snapping crack as the man gave up his life. He stood up and slow walked towards the gated door and grabbed the door yanking it off its hinges and walked out to see Hettinger looking confused while Donald looked furious. He waved a hand ordering paralysis to hit Hettinger then darted forwards to grab the man by the throat with a hand gagging him tightly. He felt a hand grab his arm feeling electrical currents of pleasure from the touch. 
He heard a voice speaking loudly “Governor, don’t! He appears to be possessive by some demon spirit and only a child can stop it!” 
He let go of Hettinger that hit the floor and he waved away the paralysis from the man shutting his eyes to put a hand on his forehead. He felt the hand release its hold followed by a female form hugging him hands on his back that made him feel charges of pleasure hitting him. He felt something like a coldness feeling burst hitting him willed the Master away from him to fell to his knees as the female kept her hold on him going to her knees. He burst into tears wailing a cry of anguish then continue to wail cries of tears as the female kept on holding him which he wrapped his arms around her in a tight grip. He continued to wail till he felt a stinging pain in his back that felt like a needle and then was followed by sleepiness which calmed him down to stop wailing to feel himself going unconscious. 
Jinks woke with a start to find himself back in his bedroom in the penthouse lying in bed clad in his familiar sweatpants. He felt a sick feeling hitting him got up from the bed and darted into the bathroom slamming the door. Jinks came out with a hand on his stomach feeling himself better but still sick. He went to the closet and paused to stare at the window that didn’t show daylight’s light shining through. 
He frowned and went to the clock which the time blared the night time of eleven o'clock in the evening. Groaning loudly he went back to the bed and laid on his side yanking the blankets over his head while punching the pillow then shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hear the alarm blare its sound yanked the blankets off his head to glare at the clock which blared eight o’clock in the morning. He eyed his windows’ curtains to see them glowing from the sunlight outside got up from the bed and went into the bathroom. Jinks came out wearing nothing on his form but his hair some what damp. He went to the closet and inside yanked out a long sleeve top with buttons holding the front together with a collar which he put on along with underwear shorts, socks and pants. He went to the dresser and grabbed a metal rope jewelry tie which he put on around his neck underneath the collar and grabbed his shoes putting them on. He took a business suit jacket and put it on as he walked out of the closet closing the door behind him. He went into the bathroom and looked at his hair through the mirror seeing it messy which he grabbed a hairbrush and brushed it neatly. He left the bathroom went out to the bedroom’s entrance and yanked open the door to see Willingham standing outside in the hallway with the familiar expression on his face still dressed in his butler uniform. 
Jinks spoke “Anything I should know of, Willingham?”
He frowned as the butler spoke “Not that I know of, Master Jinks. Just want to add that their waiting for you in the dining room along with that the cook has breakfast for you ready.” 
He nodded his head and walked to the dining room following Willingham to see the familiar crowd was there speaking in whispered tones. He sat at the head of the table as Willingham he noticed went into the kitchen. He frowned as a Highlander he recognized dubbed Cart sat down next to him in the chair looking serious. 
He looked at Cart with a questioning look on his face as the Highlander spoke “I would rather you eat your breakfast first before I tell you anything. I don’t want to ruin your appetite if the news seems bad.” 
Jinks nodded his head as he heard the kitchen doors bang its sound looked to see Roberta carrying a tray with food in dishware on it setting it down in front of him. He took his time eating the food and once finished sat back leaning against the chair as Roberta took the tray and went into the kitchen. 
He stared at Cart who spoke “Its Donald. He sent a messenger here saying that he claims that he has you on tape killing some buffoon and is threatening to go public with the contents if you don’t withdraw from the Mayoral race.”
Jinks frowned remembering his time in the cage fighting the Human male and frowned even further recalling that he sensed as he fought that he wasn’t being filmed by a camera. 
Cart continued speaking “Anyway I sent one of our cronies a Highlander to Donald’s office to scan his mind to find out about this. The Highlander in question wound up carried out in a body bag appearing to be shot dead by Donald’s guards but he was able to transfer information to a pregnant Human female in the lobby who has some sort of mind ability to receive mind walking talk in her mind. The female in question reports that Donald is lying about the filming also some other information that explains that he has a personal vendetta against you which has nothing to do with his religious beliefs and that he’s the Table member who’s been supporting Hettinger.”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips hearing Cart’s words as Cart paused then the Highlander continued to speak “The personal vendetta I’m told has something to do with the original Jinks Montreal who reportedly visited an ancestor of Donald named Burke Richardson and told Burke that he was dead to him for what he did to the original Jinks’ mother who was assassinated on Burke’s orders.”
He frowned recalling his visit to Burke’s office after finding out what happened to his mother as Cart kept talking “Burke for some unexplained reason wound up passing on this incident to his descendants who passed it on to their descendants. They didn’t do anything about the incident till Donald was told of it when he reached legal adult status. Donald has taken a personal vendetta as a result and is targeting you because of your resemblance to the original Jinks Montreal and that you have taken his name in his honor who he is blaming for the incident that happened to Burke Richardson.” 
Jinks nodded his head but kept his mouth shut as Cart continued talking “I had some sources do some background checking on you living in Connecticut till you wound up in Wolf’s Howl, New York then to here. I discovered through my sources that Donald when he reached his current age was responsible for encouraging the Peasant group to see you as a living God and worship you like one. My sources detailed that Donald some time ago discovered you living in Connecticut had your movements tracked through several homing beacons which I’m told he would blab to the Peasant group where you were for them to worship you.”
Jinks groaned a soft sound as Cart kept talking “The tracking stopped when you went to New York City but Donald had people in the Peasant and Knight Groups keep a look out for you but some of those people were reporting to Scotland on their sightings of you. Also I should mention that Scotland was trying to track you to get you to the penthouse under protection. It was they who sent the bounty hunter Steven Brown to search for you after you left the city.”
Jinks frowned as Cart paused to shake his head then continued talking “There’s one other problem I think you should know. Donald has control of the local news TV affiliate along with a local press newspaper as their owner. He has been using both to blares attack ads against you while making Hettinger look good to the people. I’m afraid the only way you’ll have to get people’s vote is to travel around the city by foot meeting people and asking them to vote for you as a way of getting yourself out to the public.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Cart’s words figuring that the Highlander wasn’t kidding on what he said. 
He spoke “So I guess that means I’ll see you around.” 
Jinks saw Cart nod his head as he got up and walked to the elevator taking it to the lobby. He went out the building through the front entrance and figured to himself he might as well start with the crowd of people walking by him that gave him double take looks on their faces. He sighed and went to the nearest person and spoke his words telling his name and that he’s running for the Mayor position and wanted their vote which he repeatedly did to people while walking in the city and got repeated ok comments followed by head shaking yes each time he met the person. Jinks kept up the greeting till he felt rain falling on him looked up at the sky to see it looking stormy. He looked around to see that he was far from the penthouse building and would have to walk to it due to not having money on him to take a cab. Jinks groaned and walked to the direction where the penthouse building lay while feeling the rain fall harder on him making him wet as people around him ran in jogging movements not bothering to give him a glance. He exhaled a breath continued walking to feel the rain fall harder followed by thunder and lightening. 
He muttered out loud “Great, I should have watched the weather report and I wouldn’t be in this rain.” 
He continued to walk feeling his clothes plastering on him as the rain fell. He felt a hand touch his shoulder in a tight grip from behind followed by a stinging pain of a needle dart hitting his back that made him feel sleepiness that persisted till he felt himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to discovering himself rope tied to a metal armchair while wearing nothing but his underwear shorts. He opened his eyes to see he was underneath a spotlight with a set of stairs going down in front of him. Jinks broke the ropes holding him got up to hear a whooshing sound jerked his right foot backwards to feel stinging pain in his chest on the right side which he looked to see an arrow sticking out of it. Jinks gritted his teeth and forced out of the arrow along with the dagger end tossing it in front of him down the stairs. He heard zapping sounds of electricity along with water splashing sounds exhaled a breath from the pain and willed the itching his back ability he dubbed Darkness. He walked towards the stairs to hear another whooshing sound which his left hand came up gripping an arrow aimed at his chest. He mentally willed the Master through and tossed the arrow down the steps following it’s descend to see it land into a pool of water at the end of the steps followed by zapping sounds of electricity. He waved his hands mentally ordering gun devices to jam while hearing no more whooshing sounds as he went down the steps to the second to the last step and bent down peering at the pool. He saw that the pool appeared to be ankle deep with wiring on the floor part of it and appeared to be on the large size in a semicircle position in front of the steps. Jinks exhaled a breath as he felt the stairs he was on flatten themselves followed by moving towards the pool like a treadmill machine. Jinks turned around and walked up the incline getting no progress and finding the speed increased which he looked down to spot part of steps were still up which he jumped to them to stand exhaling a breath. He twisted his form and peered down the incline off its side to see the ground looking like dirt figured to himself that he’ll jump down. Jinks jumped down only to feel himself sinking into the dirt to realize it was quicksand which he looked around to spot a rope drop down from above which he grabbed and felt the rope pull him up towards the ceiling. Jinks found the rope belonged to a human size hawk bird sitting on a pylon in the ceiling as daylight shined from a large open window behind it. He forced himself onto the pylon and stood on it staring at the bird. 
He heard a female voice in his mind speak “Hold onto my legs for I can’t grip you with my feet while I get you out of here.” 
He didn’t comment as the bird hopped onto his shoulders which he reached up putting hands on the bird’s legs gripping them tightly and felt himself in the air flying towards the window which he gauged that he would have to lift his legs for the bird to fly through it with him holding onto it. He lifted his legs as the bird went though the open window into the sky that shining of sun of morning from the position. He lowered his legs and watched the scenery seeing the area was warehouses near the docks as the bird flew him further into the city then reached the penthouse building gently lowering him among an open garden area on part of the roof which he let go of the bird and landed on his feet then watched it fly away. Jinks looked around to spot a door in a wall which he went to only to see the door open followed by a Highlander walking out that looked shocked to see him. 
He frowned as the Highlander spoke “Good your still alive and not hospitalized by some news broadcast has been saying in critical condition with some illness. Your spokesperson is down at the entrance giving a press conference saying that you’re still alive and fine.”
Jinks spoke as the Highlander paused “Harrumph.” 
He saw the Highlander shake his head before speaking “Follow me I’ll get you to the penthouse where you can put on clothes and meet the public to prove that your still alive.” 
He wordlessly followed the Highlander down the stairs going pass doorways till the male stopped at a door and knocked on it three times. He frowned as the door opened to show another Highlander who widened his eyes seeing him. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander who opened the door spoke “The elevator is just down the hallway so take it.” 
He nodded his head and went through the doorway to find the elevator was where the Highlander said which he went inside and reached for the penthouse button which he halted his hand’s movements. 
Jinks spoke as he willed the Master and Darkness away from him “Screw this.” 
He pressed the button to the lobby and felt the elevator go down which he walked out once it stopped to hear multiple gasps sounds in the room. 
He spoke loudly as he walked to the entrance “I know what I’m doing so don’t interfere.” 
He walked out to feel himself filmed and heard multiple gasping sounds from the crowd which he saw appeared to see him along with a Highlander standing sideways in front of a microphone stand that looked bugged eyed to see him. Jinks gestured to his body with his hands then wagged a pointer finger at the crowd then turned around walking inside to feel a stinging pain in his back as he went in the building. He walked towards the elevators to feel sleepiness hitting him hard followed by the floor rushing to meet him which he felt the coldness on his cheek followed by shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing the sound of the alarm blaring in his ear. He jerked himself up to discover that he was back in his bedroom wearing sweatpants on his form which he glared at the clock to see the time of nine o’clock in the morning. He exhaled a breath to sense his back wasn’t stinging along with no feeling of pain anywhere on him but a familiar feeling that made him get up hitting the bathroom slamming the door. 
Jinks came out fresh from showering with hair brushed while dressed in black clothing consisted of dressy pants and a button down long sleeve top with sneakers on his feet. He sighed feeling himself satisfied having the clothes on his form. Jinks went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see Willingham that formed a look of relief on his face seeing him. 
He spoke “How long was I out sick?”
He frowned as Willingham spoke “About seven days and no you weren’t sick. You were discovered injured from something of an arrow in your chest and shot in the back by a projectile gun which had to be operated out.”
He stiffened hearing Willingham’s words while hearing an edge in the butler’s voice sensing that there was something not fully said. He shrugged and went to the dining room to sit in his familiar spot and waited as Roberta arrived carrying a tray looking relieved to see him. He found himself very hungry gobbled up all of the food and gulped down the drink’s contents. He exhaled a breath to spot his familiar newspapers weren’t on the table. 
He spoke as he finished eating “What did I miss while I was out?”
Jinks frowned as Roberta spoke “Oh nothing much.” 
He heard an edge in her voice figured that she wasn’t fully telling him what he wanted to know got up from the chair and went to the elevator taking it to the lobby which he walked out. 
Jinks found his way blocked by a guard who spoke “We’re ordered to knock you out if you go farther than the bench outside.” 
He felt himself confused but nodded his head and went outside to stand noticing people walking by do double take looks on their faces while all appearing to be shocked seeing him. He went to the bench and sat down watching the people walk by him doing the same look on their faces that made his suspiciousness rise. He folded his arms and felt sleepiness shut his eyes bowing his head which he dreamed of facing Lance who looked annoyed by the expression on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “While you were out unconscious Hettinger announced to the public that you passed away overdosing from drugs to give you your body form while saying that you were obsessed with having a perfect body.”
He felt himself annoyed hearing that as Lance continued speaking “One of Hettinger’s cronies shot you in the back but thought he missed because you kept on walking despite the bullet hitting you. This knocked you out for seven days into some healing sleep which your body was given medicine through injected form. That seven day sleep resulted in you manipulating things again which I had no way of contacting you.”
Jinks groaned loudly as he saw Lance’s eyes turn in all black which made him nervous as his father spoke “That manipulating you did involved getting some guy named George Kensington to broadcast an ad saying that Hettinger was lying about you passed away which hit the city. Some overheard people are questioning how you got your body form due it well known that people well off in money are obsessed with having a perfect body and will do what it takes to get it.” 
He groaned loudly as Lance continued talking “You don’t need to worry about this for some of the people in the Master Organization have been spreading a rumor saying that you had military training along with being well trained in karate from childhood to adult using that as an excuse for your body form. There’s a possibly you may have to demonstrate your karate ability to the public just to prove that rumor isn’t a joke due to some people overheard are saying that.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut jerked his head up to spot a crowd in front of him scattering in different directions that told him that they had stopped to stare at him while he was asleep listening to Lance’s talk. He sighed and stood up sensing himself filmed which annoyed him. He looked at his left to see a young male human appearing to be an Asian looking like a teenager running in his direction carrying a purse in his hand while spotting an older female behind the man appearing to be chasing. Jinks steadied himself as the male with the purse came by which he stuck out his foot tripping the man while yanking the purse from the Asian’s hand. He walked up to the woman who halted from her running to stare at him with range of emotions on her face which he handed her the purse she took. He felt a leg connect with his ankles from behind knocking him onto the ground on his back followed by a foot stepping on his chest which he saw belonged to the tripped male. 
He felt annoyance as the male spoke “You shouldn’t have done that for I’ll foot your seat.” 
Jinks used his legs to remove the male’s foot off his chest along with knocking the man onto the ground which he swung himself up with a karate swing up move to witness the Asian do the same. He felt annoyance figuring out that the male was trained in karate from the swung up move in perfect style as the man attacked him with fists and legs flying in martial art moves. Jinks counterattacked the man’s moves by doing equal karate moves figuring out from the Asian’s expression on his face that he would have to knock out the male due to him wanting to fight and not interesting in talking or leaving him to walk away unscathed. He sensed the filming continue as he sensed an audience of people gathered around while fighting from seeing glimpses of them when shifting his eyes around. He heard a loud whistle blowing sound blaring loudly several times from behind him to see the male’s eyes shift to look behind him widening them then halting the fight by running away from him thrusting through a crowd of people gathered who let the male take off running away by them staring at him with ranges of emotions on their faces. 
Jinks heard a loud male voice speak from behind him “Alright break it up! Nothing to see here! Get on moving now!” 
Jinks turned around eying the crowd scattered walking away to see a young male wearing a cop uniform that was shaking his head with some bewildered expression on the man’s face. 
He frowned as the cop spoke sounding shocked “Oh you got to be kidding me. Wait till the others hear of what I witnessed. Ooh that’s not going to sit well with the boss ugh.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes staring at the cop who cut his talk abruptly by staring back at him before adding “Never mind just grateful that the fight didn’t end too badly Mister Montreal but be careful anyway that kid could have friends hanging around to join the fight.”
He nodded his head as the cop paused from talking before adding “Just watch yourself around here. You never know when someone will get restless enough to hurt people especially targeting you as well.”
He again nodded his head as the cop shrugged and turned around walking away which he went to the bench to sit only to feel a tap on his shoulder which he looked to see the hand belonged to one of his guards. 
The guard spoke “I suggest you get inside now for your safety. The natives have gotten too restless and are itching to do something harmful.” 
He groaned and got up from the bench walking to the entrance followed by the guard which he went inside and sensed the guard had stop following him along with the filming stopped. He went to the elevator taking it to the penthouse which once inside he went to the gym room feeling tensed up. He inside the room fell into a perfect split and began doing his stretching exercises finding himself relaxing from the movements but still tensed up. Once done he swung himself up with a karate swung up move then began doing a Kata in the black belt form finding himself losing tension till he ended with a bow towards the mirrored wall to stand and sigh loudly. He heard ahem sound coming from the door which he peered to see Willingham standing in the doorway which he turned around to face the butler. 
Jinks frowned as Willingham spoke “Time for your required meal along with that Cart your advisor is here waiting in the dining room.” 
He nodded his head and walked out of the gym room passed Willingham going to the dining room to spot Cart sitting at the table furiously typing onto a keyboard with an attached flat screen while next to him was a cup with pink liquid in it in his familiar spot on the table. Jinks sighed and went to the table to pick up his drink which he gulped down then placed it back on the table before sitting down to stare at Cart who continued his rapid fire typing with short pauses in between. 
Jinks cleared his throat loudly before speaking “Cart, you wanted to see me about something?”
Jinks stared at Cart who halted his typing to look up from the screen to stare at him with a confused look before shaking his head then speaking “Oh sorry I was busy typing my required report paper onto this laptop computer as you First Ones call it. A bothersome but have to do it anyway.” 
He exhaled a breath figuring out that Cart was typing for Scotland for their historical documents documenting his life as he spoke “I said you wanted to see me about something?”
Jinks stared at Cart who spoke “Ah just want to inform you that it’s well known among the city’s natives that there’s a gang of young men calling themselves the Diamonds that have been causing trouble around here such as breaking the law and picking on people by fighting them with some fight style dubbed Combative Art by my people. It has been documented that the people the Diamonds fight are very well off in money and causing them injuries along with stealing items from them to be sold in pawn shops for money to buy the latest gadget in technology for their amusement.”
Jinks frowned as Cart paused to nod his head before continuing “There’s a rumor going around spread by members of the Master Organization in public places that you’re well trained in Combative Art along with some military training. Along with being very dedicated to practicing Combative Art over the years from first learning it as a child to current age which their saying its why your body form appears the way it is.” 
Jinks nodded his head as Cart kept talking “I suspect that the Diamonds group heard of the rumor and have rigged the fight to see whether it was true or not due to sources saying that they’ve been talking about checking you out as in picking a fight with you and to see whether the rumor is true or not. I doubt that the Diamonds will pick a fight with you again judging by how you handled yourself fighting one of their members sources say was their best fighter and well known to fight than talk.” 
He groaned loudly as Cart paused before continuing “Also the boss who the cop was referring to was Hettinger himself. His Mayor position gives him control of the police force something he’s been abusing to get people to do things his way along with reportedly taking bribes from well off people to get the cops to look the other way when they break a law. Hettinger according to reports is more interested in gaining money for a lifestyle of someone who’s very well off in money. He seems to be not interested in the problems going around in the city but more interested in his personal gains.”
He nodded his head as Cart paused which he spoke “Um what’s that thing you’re typing in anyway? I’m curious.”
He frowned as Cart spoke “It’s called a laptop computer quite portable for carrying around and has been around for awhile since the mainland came to Shadan. It’s a good invention according to me for doing some typing work anywhere except under water. That thing won’t work in water anyway.”
He nodded his head as Cart added “Anything else you like to know? I have to finish my report.” 
He shook his head in a no gesture then got up as he again heard typing sounds rapid fire pace which he left the dining room wandering out and figured he’ll go to the library room which he found himself walking to the TV room to sit down turning on the TV with a remote. He frowned watching the TV blare an ad for voting for George Kensington for the King position while the broadcast was followed by an ad for the man’s opponent trashing Kensington. He sighed and continued to watch TV seeing it turn into a broadcast of a news affiliate from Albany the New York State’s capital. He watched as they talked about the men running for the King position referring to the ads blaring on TV saying that Kensington has balked trashing his opponent in ads which polls of people have said that they’ll vote for him by large numbers. He continued to watch which he stiffened as they referred him showing video of him wearing just his underwear.
Jinks heard the reporters say "It was rumored that Mister Montreal was disputed to be obsessed with a perfect body which his opponent Hettinger said he died from which has proven to be a lie."
He frowned as the scene changed to the reporters saying "There's a rumor going around the city was that Mister Montreal was well trained in martial arts along with some military training to prove that his body was the way it was due to be very dedicated in practicing karate which some people weren’t taking seriously. The rumor has proved to be true by a city gang member picking a fight with him in karate and he fighting off the member with equal karate fight to prove it and that we have footage of the scene." 
He frowned as he saw the scene changed to show himself standing tripping a male who went down which he watched himself hand a woman her purse and witnessed the Asian knock him from behind onto the ground using a karate move. He continued to watch seeing himself knock off the male off of him followed by getting up with a karate swing up move as the Asian did the same then fighting with the man both doing karate with a crowd gathering around in a circle followed by the fighter running away leaving him standing there staring at him. He frowned seeing the camera view looked like the camera person was one of the bystanders in the audience watching him fight the Asian male. 
Jinks frowned as the scene changed to the reporters saying "We have people in New York City asking the natives on who they’ll vote for the Mayor position. A large number overwhelmingly said that they would vote for Jinks Montreal. It's due to giving off various complaints that the current Mayor hasn’t done anything to better their lives while living in the city." 

Jinks paused from talking to frown eyeing the table while hearing Victoria's typing rapid fire paced. 
He didn't say a word as he heard from Tom abruptly "So what else do you remember of yourself in political world. Apparently brought up high then trashed down by the High Council like they've been normally doing to First Ones here."
Jinks gave Tom a glare with the Master in control to find the male holding up his hands in a surrender gesture and adding "They pulled the same trick onto whoever they wanted to serve them. They did it to me actually and have refused to listen to people telling them off on not to do that joke."'
He found Victoria had stopped her typing and was looking at his direction with a frown. He sighed and recalled himself as King to speak the story.

Part Four: King of the World

Jinks sat in the office of the White House in Washington D.C. sitting in a chair with a desk in front of him. He sat facing a blonde haired Highlander wearing a suit named Yoshi Shioka. 
Jinks confront Yoshi "Your being a spy for the High Council." 
Yoshi counters "You're upset with the kidnapping of your wife Victoria by Highlanders who hasn’t been found." 
Jinks tosses Yoshi some eye wear goggles "Just look around the room for hidden people wearing the goggles." 
Yoshi he sees puts them over his eyes and looks around then stops at a spot off his left gasping out "Their never not being loyal to First Ones but to themselves!" 
Guards besides Jinks he hears arm their long guns with noises which he eyes Yoshi that removes the goggles to stare at the guards with confusion in his face. 
Jinks hand Yoshi a magazine with cover having a picture of the High Council and words “War on High Council” on it.
He spoke “Check the date.” 
Yoshi he sees frowns takes the magazine and then appears shocked says “Impossible, your kind couldn’t have known, we made sure of that.” 
Jinks hold up a newspaper called Great Written News with headline “Civil war” blared on its cover. 
He asks "Who came out with the newspaper and what the headline is implying?"
He sees Yoshi become bugged eyed while looking at the newspaper and hears the Highlander speak “No, no impossible they wouldn’t do that.” 
Jinks speak "The Highlanders are now in a civil war subject Humans as a reason for the fight and those fighting Highlanders got Humans and other races involved in their battle." 
He sees Yoshi still looked shocked but has a frown on his lips as he puts down the newspaper to add "The fighting Highlanders are blabbed things about the High Council in their war against each other." 
An aide comes into the room looking upset and hands Jinks a clipboard with papers attached. 
Jinks read the papers to find a note "Your wife has been found with amnesia with her memories alter restored mysteriously and was brought to her father in California by his influence who demanded her to divorce you period."
Jinks continue to read "Her father gave Victoria an ultimatum of disowning her from the family and cutting her out of his will if she didn't divorce you." 
Jinks frown as the papers included a divorce document which he sees Victoria’s signature on it and feels himself go dead seeing it and puts the clipboard on the desk feeling himself numb from the news. 
His aide speaks "The information detailed there came from a loyal Highlander reading Victoria’s mind after she had a private talk with her father who is very clear in mind on his demands towards her." 
Jinks grab a pen signs the document then hands the clipboard to his aide. He feels himself upset darts out of the office running to his bedroom slamming the door. He allows rage to overcome him roars out an inhuman cry then loses it to his angry rage. He comes to find himself still in the room kneeling with his arms behind him restrained by clawed hands in an ironclad strong grip. 
He hears a meow and then is told "The High Council has made an enemy out of you who now has nothing to lose. They can’t hurt you thru your wife because of the divorce and she being away from you to be safe from Highlanders’ hands." 
Jinks allow himself to calm down to realize that the Ghost Walker restraining him is right on his words. 
He got told "Just go back to your office and talk on what's going on with you. Their upset with you running out of the office looking annoyed. So go back to there and talk."
Jinks obeyed to go to the office to resume sitting on the chair giving Yoshi a glare who didn't say a word. He heard gibberish spoken in the room felt a compulsion to talk. He wound up speaking as if compelled.
Jinks spoke as if compelled his words coming out shocking him "The mating with a married woman posing as my mate friend who only wanted a baby from me isn’t the first time this happened to me. I'm not happy being duped by this and wants an explanation to why this woman is posing as Victoria." 
He glares at Yoshi who spoke “Ask General Kennidis.” 
He eyed Yoshi with a frown that gesture with his head towards the general which he looks at that look like the General is trying to hide a sheepish expression on his face by frowning despite having it in his eyes.
He again hears Yoshi speak "The General should explain the deception. Highlanders are mind walkers who can read people’s minds and know what their thinking. The General is responsible for the deception." 
Jinks spoke in response he recalling himself mating with a female posing as Victoria spoke the story entirely while glaring at the General.
"I wound up once done with the mating ritual put my hands underneath her back while shutting my eyes. She gave me a feeling of pleasure from her hands running through my hair. I opened my eyes to stare at Victoria whose eyes were closed with a pleasant expression on her face. I lowered my head and kissed her on the lips. I broke off the kiss to again sigh as her legs wrapped around me tightened their hold indicated she liked the kiss. 
I spoke breaking the silence as I stared at her face 'I missed you, love.'
I saw Victoria open her eyes to meet my eyes with a happy look in them. I smiled at her as she smiled in return hands on my head pulling me down towards her. I settled my head next to Victoria’s my cheek touching her cheek with her hands on the back of my neck holding me there-"
Jinks cut off his talk hearing an ahem sound in the room sounding of Yoshi's voice.
He eyed the General who speaks "The female was for the King’s image-" 
Yoshi interrupt to speak with sarcasm “What image? All those First Ones care about the King is leading them to war.” 
He frowned to stare at Yoshi who continued to speak with firmness in his voice tone “The First Ones I’m referring to your kind instead of that ridiculous name of Human has been itching for a war. They don’t care who their enemy is as long as they fight. Not to mention that’s why those First Ones voted Lance Richard here to the King position because they wanted a commander who is willing to lead them in a war battle.” 
He frowned as Yoshi pauses to glare at the General who has a sheepish expression on his face he sees while forming a glare on his face. 
He eyed the General who speaks “Oh alright I’ll admit it. I had a select various females posing as Victoria was to give you a reason to keep on going just to keep you alive to stay as our King. Your actual wife did get kidnapped but she wound up killed actually by Highlanders soon after her father's death was declared.” 
Jinks heard Yoshi speak “As you say yah right. He doesn’t need some too bit female to keep him alive not after what the High Council did to him when he was in their hands, harrumph.” 
He turned his head towards Yoshi who is glaring away from him appearing to be aimed at the General who he hears speaking “What’s that Highlander talking about?” 
Jinks speak “Everyone except the General, leave the room this is not for your ears.” 
He turns his eyes towards the servants to glare at them who he saw obeyed with doors slamming behind them.
Jinks found Yoshi still in the room to his annoyance gave the Highlander a glare who spoke "The High Council tortured Mister Montreal quite heavily with various tortures. That's all you should know of."
He felt sleepiness hitting him groaned to dart out of the room pass the staff while saying "I'll be in my bedroom at the moment trying to work something out to my mind."
Jinks ignored his staff to dart to his bedroom to collapsed onto the bed and felt himself passing out unconscious to face Lance. 
He gave Lance a glare and spoke "What the depths is the High Council up to this time regarding me?"
Jinks glared at Lance who didn't answer him instead formed an all black eyed glare in response while folding his arms. He again repeated his question this time using a shouting tone but Lance still balked on answering. Jinks fisted his hands growling loudly as he paused from talking to feel Lance place hands onto his arms. 
He heard Lance speaking “It’s alright. He’s just angry at what happened to him and is being how you say, pissed off.” 
He snarled hearing Ramses’ voice speaking “Oh dear.” 
Jinks roared an angry sound and struggled against Lance's hands' grip on him that remained ironclad holding him in place. 
He growled some gonoid sound as Lance spoke “Jinks! Will you calm down?!”
Jinks growled in response as he felt a familiar headache of his mind scanned followed by his anger going away willing him to calm as he unclenched his fisted hands. He sighed feeling happy having his Father's hold on him in a hug placed his hands on Lance’s back. 
Jinks felt Lance stiffened from his hands on his back as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking “I don’t think this First One ever experienced any male pleasantries while being raised by a female all his childhood and into adulthood hence his reaction to being hugged like that.”
He frowned hearing Ramses’ words kept his hands on Lance’s back and again sighed loudly rubbing his cheek against his father’s cheek who he felt was stiffening from his touch. Jinks frowned as Lance abruptly released his hold on him tearing himself out of his hand grip on his back to step back staring at him with some unreadable expression in his eyes despite having an all black eyed look expression. He shivered feeling the loss of Lance’s hug hold as his father abruptly forced his eyes shut. 
Jinks came to find himself still in his bedroom sitting in his armchair with anger simmering in him hearing a knock on the door. 
He got up from the chair and went to the door yanking it open to stare at the General who spoke “Mister Montreal, the King wants you in his office.”
Jinks frowned hearing the General’s words thought to himself “I really could use an explanation to why people keeps referring someone else as the King to my presence instead of addressing me that title. I feel like I don’t even know what my official title is despite reportedly winning the election.” 
He frowned as he wordlessly followed the General out of the room to a route to the Oval office. Once inside the room he saw the King he recognized as Guard Kensington to his annoyance sitting at the desk looking serious who pointed a finger at him. He felt his arms abruptly grabbed in tight grips by the guards as a female wearing medical scrubs came into view holding a small needle syringe which he allowed his anger to take control lost himself. 
Jinks came to find himself calm with anger gone held in a hug by a male while feeling a needle in his wrist of his right arm held in place by some sort of tape. Jinks sighed feeling the male’s hugging hold as tight as he sensed the needle was attached to something injecting him some drug in his system. He felt the male released his hold on him which he saw was the General looking serious as he looked at his wrist to see there was clear tube holding watery like liquid in it going into him. His eyes followed the tube seeing it leading to a large clear bag hanging on a hook on a metal stand while holding water like liquid in it. Jinks stared at the bag with confusion running through him. 
He heard the General speak “I think someone should explain to his imperial majesty for the medical procedure he’s receiving.” 
He heard a female voice speaking “The tests that were done on you discovered that your body was needing nourishment which the food you were eating was only providing a small amount of it. Your body as a result was starved for the nourishment and we suspect it’s the reason for the great rages of anger you’ve been displaying. The liquid food aka medicine was recently developed by the Zesky Hospital is to make up for your body needing the nourishment which must be injected in you every day for continuous hours till we determine that your body has received what it requires. Then after that the medicine can be injected once every seven days.”
He looked at the female medic seeing that she spoke as she paused from talking to continue speaking “Your daughter after testing you was tested which results show she has the similar ailment and has been given the proper amount of nourishment to help her as she grows up. She born of another female reportedly not married to someone else. I can't say that your daughter will live long enough to grow up with the medicinal help.”
Jinks didn’t say a word kept his mouth shut. He went to the couch and sat and felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to feel a hand patting his cheek which he opened his eyes to stare at the General. 
He heard the familiar female voice speaking “He should be alright once his body gets used to the nourishment.”
He frowned as the General spoke “I think you should be in your room in bed sleeping instead of on the couch, your imperial majesty.” 
Jinks didn’t complain got up from the couch and with the nurse following him holding the metal stand holding the bag he went out of the office to a route to his bedroom. Once inside the nurse took off the bag tube attached to the needle syringe still in his wrist and gestured for him to change which he obeyed stripping himself of his clothes not caring that he was baring himself to her. He heard a gasp sound ignored it to put on his sweatpants and climbed into bed leaning against the headboard. He held up his wrist and watched as the nurse attached the tube to the syringe in it and then she turned off the lamp plunging the room in darkness and left the room. Jinks sat leaning against the headboard eyeing his wrist showing the needle still in it attached to the tube leading to the bag that was appearing to slowly empty its contents. He sighed sitting in the room with night vision in his eyes. He adjusted his position to lie down and pulled the blankets up his chest and shut his eyes. He dreamed of the beach again with Lance and the Meritanians there. 
He frowned as Lance looked at him with a glare that made him nervous as his father spoke “Your attitude towards the High Council is not acceptable. You will cease this slander attack on them and behave appropriately as requested.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as Lance’s eyes turned all black face becoming more glaring that made him more nervous. He stared at his father whose hand shot out gagging him on the throat in a choke hold. 
Jinks gagged out “Father, please-“
His father interrupted “Spare me the begging, Jinks. I don’t find it amusing with your behavior towards the High Council. You will cease this angry attitude towards them now!”
He gagged out “Father-“
Lance interrupted “I mean it, Jinks.” 
He felt Lance’s hold on his neck gone and coughed gulping for air panting hard. He sighed as he eyed the Meritanians who were frowning eyes aimed at him. 
Jinks stared at Ramses who spoke “Oh explain that Imperial Majesty thing.” 
He heard Lance speak “Kensington gave you a title dubbed ‘High King’ which the others have taken it literally calling you as ‘Your Imperial Majesty’ while seeing you as something else than just a Human.”
He frowned remembering the General’s God remark when he lifted the man off his feet as Lance forced his eyes shut to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. Jinks got called to the King’s office by the General waking him up and speaking that. He saw the King there with aides.
The King spoke "Jinks now has another responsibility." 
He doesn’t comment to think to himself "I wonder what the responsibility is."
The King pauses as the doors to the room open followed by a female looking twin to Victoria he confused to see while holding a blanketed baby in her arms. 
He heard the King speak "Her name is Katherine. My daughter who wound up carrying your child dubbed Victoria."
Jinks saw she was accompanied with a man wearing a brown robe with a golden rope around his waist and carrying a book appearing to be a bible in his hand. 
Jinks figure out "Its marriage that the King is implying to me." 
Jinks frown as the King spoke "I want your ring for it was my brother’s and wants it back." 
He stiffened as he felt a ring around his left hand ring finger and remembers getting it in a marriage ceremony to Victoria, George’s fake daughter when she was alive. Jinks with hesitance takes off the ring and hands it to the King who puts it on his finger on his right hand. He goes through the marriage ceremony to Katherine without complaint and is given a ring by the King to put on Katherine’s finger. He feels a weird feeling towards it despite it being a three diamonds ring with a silver band. He puts it on Katherine’s finger then watches as the King hands her a ring to put on his finger that makes him think its familiar from the looks of it. He sees its has some language scrolled on it in silver on top of a black background and finds it familiar like he’s seen it before. 
Jinks wound up after the priest declares him and Katherine married kisses her on the lips he hearing "Her baby carrier has been removed."
Then kisses baby Victoria on the forehead after the general hands the baby to Katherine. He feels happy to smile it without baring his teeth and looks at Katherine with the same look seeing happiness in her eyes aimed at him. 
He didn't protest as Victoria gave up a loud wailing noise only to hear from Katherine "She's hungry excuse me."
He saw her leave the room to hear an ahem sound from the King and found the male gesturing him to follow which he obeyed. Jinks followed Katherine to their bedroom to find her putting Victoria on a changing table and stripping her of her clothes showing a male's sensitive part to his confusion. 
He spoke firmly "Spill it now on what's going on with Victoria or Victor as he should be called."
Jinks glared at Katherine who spoke while meeting his eyes "It's my Father. He's expressed interests in me and my cousin Victoria to have a male child too much. He's up to something regarding my son. I suspect that he knows that Victoria is really a Victor and not a girl but isn't doing anything about it."
He spoke firmly "Just refer our son as Robert. It's my birth name. I was hoping to name a male child by that name."
Jinks heard the General's voice sounding behind him to find himself restrained by Aito abruptly as the General came into the room. He gave the General a glare to find the male flashing golden eyes and speaking gibberish followed by blinking his eyes to find Katherine gone from the room but Robert still on the changing table wailing away. 
Jinks felt compelled to roar gave up the noises to hear a groaning noise from Aito who spoke “Sorry Master the General pulled that voice stunt onto me ordering me to keep you from leaving the bedroom.” 
He gave up a growling noise as Aito continued “The General used the voice onto you to get you to talk on how you and Katherine mated with each other she hiding as Victoria your wife. He proceeded to put asleep her asleep then yanked your female out of the room after giving me orders.” 
He inhaled a breath and spoke “Drat that General and his obsession with my wife.”
He heard from Aito “There's a gonoid at the door Master, sounding like she wants to come in.” 
He growled an annoyed sound and went to the bedroom door yanking it open to hear a meow from Snowball the residence cat which he looked down at her to see she was standing in a direction looking at him and the direction she was standing. He sighed and figured that Snowball would lead him to the General followed the cat a route and found her leading him to the gym room where he practiced Karate. He frowned as Snowball once reaching the room’s door got her paws on his foot and meowed in some tone that sounded like his Master’s voice tone to him which he sighed figuring out that the cat wanted him to use his powers instead. He obeyed to peer into the room and found the General and Katherine out of sight which he got the door ajar and heard his wife’s angry voice sounding like a Builder using some compelling voice tone in foreign language while hearing the General speaking in identical language using a compelling voice tone. He felt stiffening as he heard Katherine’s voice and realized that she was partially Builder from the sounds of her. Hence the General’s obsession towards her due to that he was Builder itching to find a female. He felt annoyance take hold as he felt himself rooted in the spot outside the door and frowned as he felt Snowball not around and figured that the cat had darted inside the room from the ajar door. He eyed to find his hunch incorrect by the door’s opening looking too small to admit a cat. He frowned listening to the noises inside the room to hear the General give off a loud yeow sound and heard Snowball’s angry yowls. The General heard giving off repeated yeow and comments of getting the cat off of him in Summeran language. Jinks frowned to find the scene changed to discover himself back into his bedroom. He sat on the bed’s foot as if compelled and felt himself not inclined to get up or move and eyed the door to the bedroom with a glare while folding his arms feeling himself annoyed with the Meritanians for the transporting and interference. He glared at the door which his senses blared as the door opened showing Katherine who shut it and locked the door and halted her walking seeing him with some nervous expression forming on her face. 
Jinks spoke sounding firm “Admit it the General’s obsession with you now.” 
He gave Katherine a glare who spoke instead of Summeran language but foreign language using some compelling voice tone and found himself getting up going to his side of the bed and getting underneath the blankets and shutting his eyes as if compelled to sleep. Jinks dreamed of himself handing Robert to Aito and darting down a hallway going into the guest room from the looks of it using Master powers to get the door open and darting inside to see the General on top of Katherine while hearing the both of them using Builder language in compelling voice tones back and forth. Jinks continued to dream of himself yanking the General off Katherine lifting up the male by hand on the throat gagging him and punching him in the stomach while sensing himself watched by Katherine and another presence. He kept dreaming of himself hearing Katherine using Builder voice ability onto him to toss the General out the window smashing it. Then he turned around to find the King in the doorway that flared golden eyes in his direction which he went to Katherine and yanked her from the bed along with yanking her out of the room passed her father who didn’t follow. He kept dreaming of himself getting himself and Katherine into their bedroom to find Robert floating in the air in the rocking chair. He took the baby from Aito and got himself in bed with Katherine which he wrapped arms around her and his son and shut his eyes. 
Jinks continued to dream of himself waking up from bed sitting up to face the General who spoke using the Builder ability onto him which he heard himself speaking “I used Robert to track you by him not crying in a direction indicating on where you went.” 
He saw in the dream the General speaking Builder ability lengthy then grabbed Katherine out of bed who looked out of it which he laid his form down and appeared to fall asleep which he came to from the dreaming to hear the alarm blaring in his ear. He jerked open his eyes to find himself spoon fashioning Katherine who gave up groaning noises but sensed her remain asleep which he got up and went to Robert who was awake wailing his hungry cry noises. He sighed sensing the Master in control willed it away and picked up Robert going to Katherine adjusting her form to sit up which she woke up flaring golden eyes at him making him frown seeing that as her eyed look went away and she took the baby from him. He watched Katherine breast feed Robert and saw her looking at him with a frown which he leaned over her and kissed her on the lips feeling like needing to do it and again heard Lance’s familiar voice talking about her baby carrier being removed which he ignored to continue kissing his wife sensing her kissing him back by her lips moving to his lips’ movements. Jinks broke off the kiss to stare at Katherine in the eyes seeing she was still frowning and had nervousness in her eyes which he kissed her on the forehead and got up from the bed going to the closet to pull out clothes while hearing a snoring sound from within along with sensing Snowball hiding in there from his senses blaring whenever a cat was near him and not seeing it in sight. He sighed and put on the clothes on his form and brushed his hair then left the bedroom going to the dining room to find the King there again reading the newspapers that looked up in his direction before resuming reading. Jinks went to eat his daily meal finding himself needing to eat and due to how hungry he was feeling which he forced himself to take his time eating the food and taking in the drink of orange juice. 
He once done leaned back with a soft sigh and eyed the King who put aside the newspapers and the male spoke “Katherine just prior to meeting you came to the Oval office having some kind of ring on her finger that indicated an engagement as hinted by her in my presence to a male who hasn’t been identified at the moment. I’m not sure who she was dating actually due to that she had been known to hit onto numerous males from the moment she turned sixteen and was given permission from me to date men. She kept up the man targeting obsession onto staff members regardless of their ranking serving underneath me.” 
Jinks frowned hearing the King's words as the King kept talking “Katherine like her cousin Victoria seemed to have some kind of fan obsession towards you. I managed to find out without her knowing of it soon after you were publicity elected governor of the state of New York. I’m not sure how she started her obsession towards you or not. She didn’t share it with me and recently admitted it when questioned in private during one of our traditional walks in the garden. She has refused to tell me why she was obsessed with you or what you did to get her interested to become a fanatic enough to having you as hers and bore your offspring.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as the King cleared his throat then spoke “The only clear clue to this obsession’s origins involved Victoria overheard bragging to Katherine after my daughter was given permission to date that she’ll have a male she dubbed hunky looking as her husband once she was old enough to get married. Also later on my daughter and her cousin have been overheard from time to time getting into arguments involved who’s marrying a male they have refused to say who he is instead have hinted that his name was unusual and that he seemed to be well known among the public. I didn’t find out who this male was till after you were discovered engaged to Victoria. How I found out was Victoria or the woman posing as her got word to me that she was engaged to you. 
Katherine acting angry hearing that engagement news and speaking some comment of ‘Not fair he should have gone to me instead.’ 
That’s when I figured out the obsession.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response as the King gave off a sigh sound then continued talking “The obsession was further confirmed by reports of Katherine hitting onto men who have some appearance similarity towards you as in mostly the hair length. Not staying with them long enough to announce to the public that she was dating them. Also Katherine was later told after your public election to the King's position of the deception of my brother having a woman posing as his daughter and the lady encouraged to target you enough to get married to. 
Katherine was overheard saying 'I’ll do what it takes to have certain things happen.'
And refused to expound on what she was talking about.”
He frowned hearing that as the male continued talking “My interests in the Highlander based newspaper Great Written News is some masked Highlander wearing black clothing got a hold of me while I was walking in my home and handed me the newspaper then disappeared in flash of light.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the King’s words as he figured that the High Council manipulated the King hence the newspaper handing as the male kept on talking “There was an article in the newspaper that detailed some humanoid with no hints of male or female using voice talent abilities onto Highlanders to admit who they were and what group they were belonging to. Some members of a group not identified were found out and told everything about the deception my brother pulled onto people using some female to pose as his deceased daughter and she encouraged by him to pursue you as her husband. The newspaper detailed that the Highlanders were voice ordered to kidnap this so called Victoria and scan her mind to see who she really was. It was done along with ordered to kill her if she was proven to be someone else than the real Victoria which was also done as well.”
He stiffened hearing that as the King gave him a glare and stopped talking which he figured that the male wanted him to speak spoke “Interesting hearing that Sir. I was fooled as well and didn’t seem to be aware of the deception when this so called Victoria pursued me. She was quite a bit heavy doing the pursuing. As in blabbing to the tabloids she later admitted that to me that we were seriously dating and an engagement was imminent. I managed to put her off till I ran for governor. My aides at the time insisted I make the relationship a reality saying it would make me look good to the public. Despite lagging behind in the polls by large numbers to my opponent who was married and had children himself. He using his status of marriage and offspring as reason why people should vote for him. It's what people were saying to my spies as reason why they would vote for him.”
Jinks sighed and then continued talking “I confess that during some public fundraiser for me in Albany is when I made the relationship a reality and public. By going up to Victoria in front of others there and presenting her a diamond ring. I have been wearing via necklace around my neck. I asking her to marry me in front of the others there which she accepted the proposal. I also must add that a week later after the engagement was made public is when polls by my spies showed myself and my opponent in dead heat for the governorship position. Continued till Election Day is when I was officially elected for the position by a narrow margin but it was good enough to have me declared the winner. After that I managed at the urging of my aides had a very public wedding to Victoria in a Master Organization church hiding as some other religious church. It was broadcasted within the state and seemingly elsewhere due to reports of other states’ news agencies filming the event.”
He saw the King bobbed his head seeing he wasn’t surprised with what he said as he added “Victoria for some unexplained reason soon after marrying me put me off mating with her repeatedly and always seemed to balk my efforts to do that ritual to her. She managed to tell me awhile after being married when I told her that I was thinking of running for the King position that I had permission to cheat on her with other women for sexual urges but I was to keep the cheating under wraps. I kept myself from doing that cheating. I was underneath public scrutiny very hard via Master Organization. My opponent in the governorship election turned out to be a poor loser was reportedly telling the tabloids various nasty information about me. An example is of being some womanizer and that my marriage to Victoria was a joke. His spies told him that the public weren’t interested in voting for me because of my status as a single male which they became interested in me soon after news of my engagement was public.” 
Jinks paused from talking to give off another sigh and then continued speaking “I finally got to mate with Victoria soon after my father in law passed away but it turns out someone with an obsession towards me had me mated unknowingly of the deception and it created a son from that. Its not the first time someone with an obsession with the Master and vessel of Lance Richard tried to get the vessel at the time to father a child through their female which this stunt happened twice successfully. But other times the deception was quickly found out before any offspring could be formed. And the person who pulled that whether their a member of the Master Organization or not was punished harshly. I have to confess that this stunt has been playing onto me since I started running for public office. I managed with sometimes help of others to find out the deception and prevented any offspring from forming from mating rituals despite me mating with females happening. Also the Master Organization frowns very harshly on that stunt which if it was proven successful which happened once to another vessel by a female seeking to gain money due to how reported wealthy off the male was. The group would hit the person who played the deception with some kind trash their reputation stunt to get them either in jail or paying some huge money fine and offspring taken away to be raised by someone suited for that job in the Master Organization.”
Jinks stopped talking to frown staring at the King who spoke “Admit it Jinks what the Master Organization did to the female you mentioned that successfully got an offspring off a vessel. I like to know anyway.” 
He frowned hearing his name spoken from the King spoke “Well from what I know this was before advancement of expectant statuses turning from nine weeks of carrying to twenty four hours of carrying. Anyway some female poor in money pursued the vessel back then and successfully got expectant with his son and when she was reportedly showing sued the vessel in court for child support payments. It's due to some local New York state law saying that fathers of offspring had to pay females child support payments regardless of them married to the females or not. I admitted that once I was in the Governorship's position I had that law stricken down. It's due to reports of females targeting males well off in money pulling that stunt of getting expectant with their offspring and suing them for high priced child support payments. The judge supported the females each time they sued in court going their way which happened repeatedly over and over. Fortunately the judge in the vessel’s case back then didn’t go for that female’s demand for high priced child support payments instead set the price at a lousy estimated five hundred dollars per month along with orders to the female to back off suing for more money or he’ll issue her declared unfit to raise her son and have him adopted out. It turns out that the judge was a member of the Master Organization and his ruling was made public. Other judges followed suit half the time towards females and males in court when it came to child support payments.” 
He stopped talking to frown staring at the King who spoke “And what happened to this son in question hmm?”
He sighed and spoke “Records of him given the name of Kanny weren’t kept very well detailed for me to know of this Sir.”
He frowned as the King spoke “Actually do you by any chance know this female’s name in question?”
He heard an edge in the male’s voice tone that told him the King was hinting on something as he recalled the female’s name fully in his mind and spoke “Records say her given name was Cecelia due to being raised in foster homes but she used multiple alias when living in the state of New York and she used the name of Julia Jones when she met the vessel and sued him in court. I didn’t pursue the matter due to it wasn’t that interesting to me and that people in the Master Organization didn’t share the information very well detailed with me but only used vague information when it was apparent I was a target of a similar stunt by another female which offspring was avoided created and the woman thrown in jail for prostitution which she was found guilty of.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as the King gave off an Hmm sound followed by speaking “Interesting Jinks for you proven an answer to a question regarding someone among the staff members displaying suspicious behavior.” 
He frowned hearing that to hear nothing else from the King but an order to hit the Oval office which he obeyed following the male to the office to notice the General giving him a golden eyed glare which the eyes remained their color and glaring to his annoyance despite the male not saying anything to him during the meeting which he found nothing seriously to interest him. Jinks once dismissed from the Oval office left and found himself followed by the General still flaring golden eyes and a glaring stare which he halted his walking and was compelled to mentally order the Master through. He exhaled a breath and turned around to find the General had stopped walking and was still glaring at him with a golden eyed glare. 
Jinks spoke “Something you want me to know of hmm, talk verbalizing your words on what it is now and stop with that evil eyed look for I’m not a mind walker and can’t get it what you want unless you talk.” 
Jinks glared at the General recalling his selected General and staff members were replaced by other people by the King after he was put in position with him thrown out by accusations of cheating due to his connections to the Master Organization. He heard from the General the male speaking foreign language in some compelling voice tone and stiffened as a headache arrived within him followed by the man stopped talking which he grimaced shutting his eyes as images came to his mind. He saw clearly within his mind his situation regarding the woman named Julia Jones and her suing him in court due to expecting his son. He continued to remember the judge an apparent member of the Master Organization siding with him in the case and kept up to date on the son dubbed Kanny till the kid was declared a legal adult and information stopped abruptly with nothing said about him but a rumor going around that he had some kind of Builder voice ability to manipulate people to do things along with gonoids known to be friendly with the male. Jinks grimaced from the headache hitting him as he recalled fully in his mind that Human males don’t have an ability to grow their hair longer than an inch from their skull. He stiffened as he recalled the General’s blonde hair was longer length below shoulder by the hair pulled back in a braid having that along with realizing that his Human male off springs always had an ability to grow their hair longer than normal Human standards as he continued to realize what the male was trying to tell him hence his angry attitude aimed at him.
Jinks stopped grimacing to speak loudly while opening his eyes eyeing the General “You by any chance know of this kid named Kanny some vessel of Lance Richard fathered? I haven’t heard much about him since he reached legal adult status except some rumors going around which I suspect you know the actual story so talk on him now.”
He narrowed his eyes glaring at the General he assumed was his son Kanny who spoke in Summeran still flaring golden eyes “The kid in question was raised with no contact from his father and only by his mother who neglected him half the time due to her obsession to gain money wealth from men richly well off in money. She from what I know pulled the stunt of giving Kanny a brother and a sister from two different men using different disguises towards the men which some judge wasn’t fooled by that instead had the men pay some lousy estimate five hundred dollar child support payments a month towards her raising their kids.”
Jinks kept his face the same hearing Kanny quote his words to the King as his son continued talking “One of the men in question wound up suing her to gain control of Kanny’s brother due to seeing the kid as his heir to his money which he won his case and the brother was taken away along with his sister put in foster homes with no contact from either sibling to Kanny himself. Kanny’s mother in question turned to prostitution to pay for her lifestyle while ignoring Kanny himself and got jailed as a result. Kanny who once a teenager contacted the Master Organization about the neglecting issue on his father which his father for some reason didn’t seemed interested in caring for him. Kanny was adopted by some grandparent couple who raised him and threw him in some military branch group once he was finished with school. He wound up staying with that group due to the couple passed away and willed their things and money to charity leaving him with nothing. Kanny’s attempts to contact his father via the Master Organization were put off by various excuses said by various people of the group who indicated that Kanny was something shameful and embarrassing to his father who was currently in the public eye and didn’t need a scandal to tarnish his reputation.”
Jinks frowned inwardly as Kanny kept talking “By the way the King figured out who this Kanny was from doing a background check and pointing it out to me for security reasons and said that he’ll get the information confirmed by you hence his questions aimed at you that were overheard via recording voice devices in the room broadcasted in the Oval office to staff members. This Kanny in question was alerted of this and isn’t in a good mood due to hearing it along with hearing what’s said between you and the King himself. I must warn you that Kanny when told of this said to the King that the vessel had some deathless status ability along with appearance remaining the same and claims that you and his father back then are the same person along with claiming on being neglected by people of the Master Organization due to how bad his childhood was along with his life as a legal adult.” 
Jinks frowned as Kanny stopped talking followed by compelled to will himself to charge of electricity which he obeyed hearing grunting noises along with blinking his eyes to find the male in front of him inches away appearing to be attempting to punch him in the stomach and the General receiving pain from that fisting from the grunting noises heard. He frowned as a light show was seen showing an older male seemingly familiar and having short blond hair wearing clothes that seemed familiar and having a cane in right hand grab Kanny by the throat by left hand who appeared to gag while speaking foreign language in a compelling voice tone and saw them both disappear in flashes of light. He frowned as he saw the scene changed to find himself back into his bedroom with Katherine lying in bed asleep who remained asleep which he felt compelled to stop the electricity, remove his clothes and obeyed along with getting into the bed spoon fashioning her and shutting his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare making him nervous. 
He stiffened as Lance spoke “Jinks, drop thinking of that Builder titled by General as your son when he really isn’t period.”
He frown hearing that finding his nervousness gone as Lance continued talking “You will remember the exact story involving your son Kanny period once I shut your eyes.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Lance forced his eyes shut and he stiffened as memories came to his mind recalling himself competing in tournaments for karate and some woman identified as Julia Jones actual name of Cecilia Goldberg hit onto him and blabbed to the local press people there that they were boyfriend and girlfriend which his son Lance Knight back then insisted that he accept that fact. Jinks continued to remember that Julia got into his apartment he lived in Connecticut mysteriously which he found out she got through by hacking his basement door locks due to finding them broken and injected him with a drug when he woke up to find her there and passed out to come to feeling like he mated and she gone from his apartment. He continued to remember that Julia at a tournament three days later publicity picked a fight with him and made it seem like they broke up for good which he felt himself relieved to not have her as his girlfriend due to being more interested in another female to pursue a relationship with. Jinks frowned remembering that a month later a lawyer representing McBroom and Associates showed up at his door and informed him that Julia was expecting and fingered him as the father of her baby and suing him for child support payments in a high thousand dollar price. He continued to remember it was what he said to the King, the judge an actual member of the Master Organization revealed to him later, sided with him and ordered a low price for child support payments along with threatening to Julia to drop suing him or he’ll have her declared unfit to raise her child which weeks later was born turning out to be a boy dubbed by the nickname of Kanny despite birth name of Julian Goldberg. Jinks remembered clearly that Lance Knight kept him informed of Kanny’s childhood even meeting the child from time to time at karate tournaments without his mother there due to that his mother wound up as a prostitute and was later caught along with jailed for that due to it was illegal in the state of Connecticut. Jinks continued to remember that he was kept tabs on Kanny being raised by Lizette his daughter who adopted the child legally, with her only child Takemura as siblings also trained in karate and having them compete in tournaments for belts till his son was a legal adult which the tabs was stopped and a member of the organization told him that his son joined the Human’s military corps. He recalled fully that it was the truth that Human males can’t grow their hair an inch from their head despite seeing longer hair lengths from Kanny and male children of Lance Knight and Lizette as he came to hearing the alarm clock blaring. He jerked open his eyes to discover himself stripped of his underwear shorts and Katherine straddling him while naked looking at him with some wild look in her eyes. He frowned eyeing her as she got a hold of his sensitive part making him feel itching to mate which he willed away the Master as if compelled and brought his hands to her breasts she not protesting to it and fondled them. 
He didn’t protest as she removed his hands and spoke “No uh, Jinks let me have my way.”
He heard the firmness of her voice tone obeyed putting hands behind his head and eyed her ogling her breasts as he felt her examine his sensitive part by hands rubbing all over it making him feel hard enough to mate. He rolled his eyes as she guided him inside her and felt her hands on his shoulders as she rocked him, him getting charges of pleasure hitting each time he entered her and jerked from an intense charge hitting him as he spilled inside her while feeling her collapsed onto him. Jinks felt himself still hard removed his hands from behind his head and rolled them both over while hearing her shriek his name in some nervous tone. 
He eyed Katherine in the eyes as she looked at him with nervousness which he spoke “Alright I admit it I don’t mate normally like a Human male does only once. I mate more than once due to my body system requires that period so get used to that, love.” 
He saw the nervousness stop from sensing it gone from Katherine who eyed him in the eyes with ranges of emotions as he mated with her, him doing the work as she lay there staring at him back. He collapsed on top of Katherine as he spilled himself inside her and adjust his position to keep his weight partially off of her while eyeing her in the eyes seeing her shut them with a frown forming on her face and continued to eye her seeing her face turn into a grimace then back into a frown back and forth. He felt annoyance take hold within him figured that the General mated with her hence her nervousness with him on top along with her expressions on her face forming despite her eyes shut to make him give off a loud growling sound. 
Jinks got Katherine’s eyes open which he halted the growling noise and narrowed his eyes aimed at her as he willed the Master through and she spoke “Alright I was in a relationship with a male the General himself who pursued me quite heavily starting with my father announcing his candidacy for the King position. I managed several times to put the General off but he managed to abuse his voice talent ability onto people to encourage me to accept having a relationship with him which I know of this due to overhearing him use it onto people who tell me to have the relationship period. My father for some reason unexplained to this day disapproved of the relationship and reportedly balked the General’s attempts to ask for my hand in marriage blessing which the General managed to get an engagement ring onto my finger and told me to tell my father off that I was marrying him period. I went to my father in an attempt to tell him that I was stalked by the General which I wanted his help to get the male out of my life. For some reason I wasn’t able to say anything to my father who appeared to be too busy to listen to me and seemed distracted with the job of forming a new staff to work for him in the residence due to overheard said that your own staff would sabotage him enough to kick him out of position in retaliation of him doing it to you.”
Jinks kept his eyes onto Katherine who’s eyes met his eyes and she kept talking “I got desperate to remove the General and out of marrying him that I used the excuse to shop for a wedding dress to him and told him he couldn’t see it till I was in presence of a priest to marry the both of us. He fell for that excuse judging by letting me go out to travel around the city alone with a bodyguard without him escorting me as he normally does when I travel around. I managed to ditch my bodyguard by getting myself lost in a crowd and putting on some headgear to hide me and wandered around thinking of my situation and struggling to think of a way out of it till I was approached by three Highlanders who apparently read my mind. The Highlanders got a hold of me and into a van blindfolding me and then dumped me in front of some religious store building and one told me to go inside period and said it in a threatening tone which I obeyed and saw the van drive away. I went inside to find my bodyguard there looking annoyed who recognized me despite the disguise which one of the religious people there wearing some weird outfit I later learned was part of your Master Organization group status came up to me and thrust a book in my hand saying it was already paid for without saying who actually paid for it. The bodyguard in question managed to get me out of the store and into the vehicle and ordered it home and told me to read the book period with some tone that suggested that the book was very important to me.”
He kept his face blank as Katherine paused to bring hands to his head running them through his hair as she continued talking “The bodyguard used the excuse to the General at meeting that the crowd was too hostile towards me due to appearing to support you and recognizing me as the King’s daughter. He was insisting on that excuse hence I not having any purchases on hand other than the book which he said one of the crowd members gave it to me saying it was already purchased and that the person appeared to have sympathy towards me warned him to get me out of there in some hinting tone due to the hostility became sensed. The General took that excuse fine and didn’t question it and left me alone for awhile which I read the book in one of my periods of being left alone by him at night time to discover that the contents didn’t match what was blared on the cover which I removed the jacket to discover the book was something else and indicated someone wanted me to know some information without people knowing of it.” 
He felt himself getting hard again unexpectedly from being still inside Katherine as she paused which he figured that his mating urge was from his body system reacting from being inside her for a time period and making him want to mate again. 
Jinks sensed Katherine seemed aware of his mood by her eyes narrowing and she speaking “The book turned out to be some biography on the Master Organization and led by some deathless male who had facial appearance to their deity lord Lance Richard which there was a campaign picture of you included in the book as if thrust in it like a bookmark and a note in black ink scrawled saying quote ‘Pursue him period’ in my father’s handwriting. I haven’t been able to talk to my father in private on the subject of me acquiring the book and the bookmark included due to that the General has reportedly hasn’t allowed me to be alone with my father without someone present to report to him on his voice orders of our conversation.”
Jinks gave up a thrust motion thrusting himself fully up to the hilt inside Katherine while hearing her sigh loudly followed by her adding “My father during a meeting of acquiring the King position by force in my presence used the exact words on the bookmark after giving out the acquiring order and he used a familiar parental voice tone when he said those words along with me sensing that he seemed to be aware of something I wasn’t sure what it was. My father soon after the General was ordered to leave to retrieve something I'm not sure what, in a private talk in the gardens ordered me to ditch the ring on my finger and stop going around like I was engaged as some excuse to keep suitors off of me and told me he didn’t approve of me dating male members of his staff. He when he said his words seemed to hint that he knew something and refused to say what it was which I obeyed to his parental order and gave him the ring the General had me wear. The General after he came back seemed furious to hear of this when I told him willingly that my father was onto him and didn’t seem to find him suitable as a son in law hence his words to me. The General for some unexplained reason backed off pursuing me and didn’t seem to do anything when it was obvious I was interested in you and you doing the same including not doing anything to prevent us mating that created Robert.”
He gave up two thrusts movements and stopped once fully inside her as she kept talking “Jinks, the General stopped his back off attitude abruptly and pursued me despite me married to you in some ceremony but a license wasn’t signed to make it official. He claims that he voice ordered Robert to die via some slow sickness hitting him. I had Robert tested and he's sick but not dying."
Jinks gave up a glare aimed at her feeling himself become angry as she spoke “Jinks, the doctors say that it was a good thing Robert was born in a hospital due to that they caught some sickness identifying it as malnourishment and fixed him up. He’s out surviving doctors’ predictions towards him being a sick baby and seems to indicate that he has some kind of fighting spirit that is keeping him alive and living longer than sick babies in his situation which is shocking the doctor after each examination and giving him the medicine he needs to survive despite me feeding him.” 
Jinks without a comment felt his angry mood stop as he thrust in and out of Katherine while seeing her form a far away look in her eyes and feeling her hands go to his cheeks to remain there as he spilled himself inside her and felt his mating urge stop which he pulled out without her resisting. He adjusted his form sideways onto the bed as she did the same and heard Robert’s wail sounding like he was hungry to him. 
He heard from Katherine “Robert is a big eater judging by how long it takes for him to get nourishment from me along with repeatedly giving off his hungry cries after like fifteen minutes since he’s last feeding which he keeps pulling onto me despite given medicine too. Hmph the doctor finds that odd that Robert is like that due to knowing sick babies in his situation aren’t big eaters instead have to be force fed a certain amount of nourishment just so that they’ll live.”
Jinks sighed and without a comment got up from the bed and went to the crib to Robert who continued to wail his hungry cries. He picked up his son who kept on wailing and carried him to Katherine seated in the bed and handed her the baby who took him and watched her breast feed him while keeping an eye on the clock to find his son’s sucking seemingly lengthy about twenty full minutes till the baby stopped abruptly. He frowned as Katherine adjusted Robert onto her shoulder and patted his son’s back who gave up a loud burp sound then held him cradled in her arms while looking at him instead of their offspring. 
Jinks frowned as Katherine spoke “You see what I mean regarding Robert? He’s a big eater. It’s going to take about fifteen minutes as usual timed before he starts crying to be fed again which has been happening over and over. He usually stops that feed me attitude when he has to sleep which I timed him sleeping just to see how long he snoozes. He has managed to sleep for three hours straight every time before waking up to pull that feed me attitude again. The doctor isn’t sure why Robert is doing that attitude but encourages us to let our son do it. The doctor saying that it’s helping him survive from being sick which he has awhile to go before being declared healthy enough to not need any medicinal help.”
He frowned to hear a door knocking sound and Katherine adding “Jinks cover yourself with something will you and ditch the eye look. I don’t want you going around without clothes to other people except to me only and flaunting that eye look should be used for in defense in fights or in presence of a member of the Master Organization.”
He sighed willing away the Master while hearing the door knocking become insisted which he went to a dresser and yanked out a bathrobe putting it on his form covering his naked status then went to the door hearing from Aito abruptly “Smells like a Human and not that bad mad Human who dubs himself General.” 
He frowned and went to the door unlocking it and yanked it open a bit ajar to glare at a male he recognized as one of the King’s aides there who spoke sounding nervous “Sorry sir but the King is requesting you to a duty which is your to meet him in the dining room each morning for breakfast at seven thirty in the morning sharp. He also says that you’re free to do whatever you like around here as long as you do the duty as requested.”
He continued to glare at the aide who looked at his time piece and at him before adding “Its six forty five in the morning on my watch sir. Excuse the early morning wake up but the King put in his request this morning to the staff at six thirty in the morning and we’re just alerting you of this sir.”
He didn’t comment a response slammed the door shut in the aide’s face and locked it before giving off an Hmph sound to sense Katherine behind him which he spun around looking at her clad in her nightgown. 
He eyed her heard “Hmm seems like my father is testing you. He did that request to a male I was dating for awhile when he was governor of California. The male didn’t last long doing that request instead dumped me using the excuse that he couldn’t handle the pressure of the public eye onto him due to dating a political figure’s offspring. Hmph turns out my father was testing him like he’s been doing towards males I date as he held the governorship position along with when he campaigned for the King position. Seems like my father is up to his own testing trick again due to that he has put me off wanting to make the marriage official by license signing as the law states for marriages.” 
Jinks groaned softly hearing Katherine’s words as she added “Jinks, my father won’t do this request forever. My father did stop doing a similar request onto a male I was dating in high school after he gave me permission to date but we wound up breaking up when the male went to an out of state college and found someone else which he’s currently married to at the moment from what I heard.” 
Jinks didn’t comment a response as Katherine added “So go shower and get yourself presentable looking. My father has expected males I date to look presentable when doing that request he asks them to do. He has managed to break up several relationships due to males not looking presentable and getting them to dump me from what I was told by another staff member after I whined about being dumped repeatedly.” 
He didn’t say anything went to dump the bathrobe into the dresser then hit the bathroom showering thoroughly and once done went to dry his hair by hair dryer then went to the bedroom getting himself dressed into business wear black clothes and added a metal tie with a blue stone attached and made sure his hair looked neat as he eyed Katherine seated on the bed holding Robert looking him up and down. 
He stood with a frown as she spoke “You look fine, Jinks so good luck.” 
He didn’t say a word left the bedroom hearing a meow from Snowball in the hallway and sensed the cat following him as he went to the dining room and found the King there reading the newspaper which he found food ready for him to take in. 
Jinks sat and took his time eating and drinking the nourishment then once done leaned back eyeing the King who spoke looking at him “You look like a Texas mobster with the clothes and tie uniform.” 
He spoke as the King became silent “You’re the first person, Sir, to honestly tell me what my clothes and tie make me look like due to people haven’t bothered to say it in my face. They’ve been saying that I look fine despite me asking them. By the way I wore this uniform you call it when I ran for Mayor of New York City and not one person was honest on how I looked like in my face.”
He folded his arms as the King spoke “Interesting but what’s with your hair length and styled like that? It looks ridiculous.” 
He spoke recalling why his hair was like that “That’s my status as vessel of a deity lord in the Master Organization. The group has rules regarding males who declare themselves vessel of their deity lord is that they must have a Human appearance with face and eyes twin to the deity and hair longer than normal Human male standards at a certain length for that declaration.”
He kept his arms folded and met the King’s eyes staring at him back as the King spoke “Does these rules include unusual eye color change and unnatural strength for a Human to have?”
Jinks recalled the Master Organization’s rules about what the King said spoke “The Master Organization used to have rules about vessels having the eye change and whatever unnatural abilities as requirements but dropped it when it obvious that those abilities were found in various too many males in the group despite not having appearances twin to their deity lord. They put in rules emphasized on males’, declaring themselves as vessel of their deity lord, appearance hence my status, Sir.”
He heard from the King “Tell me who is this they you’re referring to making these rules anyway?”
Jinks spoke from memory “The Master Organization has some version of the High Council that rules the group but they do take leadership orders from declared vessel of their deity lord. At the moment its I who leads the Master Organization by giving out orders for the ruling council to pass down to members.” 
He got an Hmph from the King who spoke “What’s your feelings towards my daughter despite her being the mother of your son?”
He recalled his feelings towards Victoria his deceased wife to sense himself feeling the same towards Katherine to speak “I love her. She makes me happy.”
He clamped his mouth shut as the King’s eyes narrowed flaring golden before the gold look stopped followed by the male speaking “How’s your son doing at the moment anyway?”
Jinks heard an edge in the King’s voice tone spoke recalling what he was told by Katherine about his son “My wife informed me that Robert’s a big eater which my son proved that when he was being fed by how lengthy he feeds. I also was told that Robert has some kind of always hungry feed me attitude and keeps doing that over and over with some breaks to sleep. Katherine says that the doctor encouraged us to let Robert to do that attitude due to saying its helping him survive to be declared healthy which is probably going to take awhile for that to happen.”
He clamped his mouth shut and frowned as the King again gave him a golden eyed glare before stopping the golden eyed look followed by the male speaking “Alright Jinks I admit it I had General Kennidis as he referred himself, fired from his position just prior to your arrival to the office and ordered him to leave the grounds immediately based on his inappropriate treatment towards my daughter and various people around here. An hour after the firing the staff members reported seeing an apparent older male wearing some odd black clothing with golden eyes seen with a cane in hand hauling Kennidis by hand on the throat out of the residence and got into a van driven by an apparent masked Highlander which the vehicle’s license plate was taken down as it took off. License plate turns out to say that the vehicle was stolen and owned by some musician group reporting it. I’m still awaiting word of sightings of Kennidis by people who reportedly were friends with that fool.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut stiffening hearing the King’s words as the male continued talking “Besides I took the liberty of getting someone into the General position which I believe his name is dubbed Gold and he’s ordered to be at the Oval office for debriefing by me once I’m there. I also insist that you show up for that debriefing and flaunt your unusual abilities to him just to see how he’ll react which we’re going now.” 
He got up after the King got up and followed the male to the Oval office sensing Snowball following behind him and once inside despite senses blaring abruptly saw a Human male wearing the General’s uniform having short black hair that gave him a feeling of familiarity by the blue eyes staring at him intensively. 
Jinks frowned as the King went to sit at the desk and the male spoke “General, introduce yourself to my proxy.”
He eyed the male who spoke sounding familiar “The name is Daniel Goldstein nicknamed Gold which I prefer to be referred around here unofficially. My rank in the army is General but leadership is for an army group in New England area of the mainland.”
Jinks frowned as he heard from Ramses sounding in his mind abruptly “A certain somebody says that he’s the one he wanted you to remember about.”
He saw Gold he assumed he’ll call him eyes narrow aimed at him followed by the male speaking “The Meritanians are talking to you sir. I can detect them saying something to you.”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “They were reminding me of something I forgot about regarding this person named Kanny as mentioned by the King in a conversation.”
He clamped his mouth shut to see the General’s eyes narrow with suspicion in them as he heard from the King “General, what do you know of a group dubbed Master Organization?”
Jinks eyed Gold who spoke “Plenty and too well detailed sir. I grew up raised by one of them a member of that group and that this Jinks Montreal standing here is the declared vessel of Lance Richard and leader of them.” 
He didn’t comment a response as the King spoke “So explain to me how the Master Organization runs and include its ruling bodies.” 
Jinks willed the Master through and narrowed his eyes in a glare at Gold who met his eyes in an identical look turning all black in response figuring out that he was Kanny his son. Jinks signed the shut up command and finger spelling the name of Kanny towards Gold who stopped flaring the eye color with blue eyes having a look in them he recognized from his offspring Lance Knight and Lizette would look at him with. 
He glared at Gold who spoke “Sorry sir but that information is classified.”
Jinks folded his arms and shifted to glare at the King who looked at him some glaring look that suggested that the male was aware of what was going on between him and Gold he figured he’ll refer him instead of the name of Kanny.
He eyed the King who spoke “Well report on what’s going on now.” 
Jinks felt compelled to bow his head shutting his eyes obeyed frowning when he heard nothing sounding to him but silence and sensed that it seemed lengthy before compelled to open his eyes and raise his head which he obeyed. 
Jinks frowned as the King spoke addressing him “Why don’t you go to the garden and take a look around along with exploring the place inside as well? There’s reports that the whole time you held the position, you never bothered to visit the gardens surrounding the residence instead stayed inside and didn’t do much exploring despite people insisting on giving you a tour which was refused.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and without a comment left the room which he took a route to outside into the gardens to see the sun was partially up which he wandered around pass men wearing army gear standing around holding guns that saluted seeing him. He ignored them and wandered to near a cluster of bushes in sight of an army man and frowned sensing himself filmed while hearing the bushes rumbled along with growling noises heard that sounded odd to him. He eyed the bushes to see a large gonoid walk out that had traits of both a tiger and a large dog appearing to be a German Shepherd Dog that proceeded to charge towards him along with getting its mouth onto his shoulder which he felt a stinging pain along with some sucking like noises heard. Jinks struggled in vain to remove the gonoid that refused to budge despite using Master powers and hands on it. He spoke a help me comment unsure of it out loud or mentally and felt sleepiness along with gunshots sounds and liquid felt on his form which he shut his eyes to pass out unconscious to come to facing Lance who gave him a narrowed all black eyed look. 
Jinks frowned sensing himself nervous as Lance spoke “The High Council must have gotten some document involving me and that gonoid that attacked you that are known to suck water from manoids and gonoids hence you being filmed abruptly and put to sleep in the process.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response as Lance continued “I believe the High Council’s document is very well detailed enough to figure out that the gonoid is a weakness when it comes to putting me down for awhile.”
Jinks spoke “How did the High Council get those gonoids attacking you documented anyway?”
He saw Lance jab a finger at a direction which he figured was pointing at the Meritanians as his father folded his arms and spoke “The Meritanians blabbed about those gonoids attacking me back then something the High Council recorded. They keep records of the Meritanians’ talk back then regardless of how silly it is which they have kept up the habit and are still doing it. I’m surprised that the Meritanians haven’t complained about that recording habit yet.” 
He heard Ramses’ familiar question abruptly felt his eyes forced shut to pass out unconscious to come to finding himself lying in bed clad only in his underwear while feeling a hand shaking his shoulder that felt like it belonged to Katherine. 
Jinks felt himself too tired to bother waking up rolled over mumbling loudly “Let me sleep I’m too tired.” 
He got in response was Katherine’s hand still on his shoulder shaking him. Jinks jerked open his eyes and rolled over to stare at her standing next to the bed clad in her clothes. 
He frowned as she spoke “Jinks since you’re laid up for awhile would you mind taking care of Robert’s feeding duties? I managed to get a good amount of nourishment for Robert into bottles held in the fridge that’s plugged next to the bathroom door. So please take care of him. I need a break from him or I’ll go crazy so please help me with him.” 
He sighed and spoke “Fine Katherine I’ll take care of him.” 
He got kissed on the lips by her in a quick move and then she broke it off speaking “I set the clock alarm to go off whenever Robert makes any noises so be prepared to get up and feed him.” 
Jinks sighed and without a comment watched her leave which he rolled over and threw the blankets over his head shutting his eyes passing out unconscious which he came to hearing a ringing noise. Jinks jerked open his eyes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room held in a sagging standing position by the Hawk head guards’ clawed hands felt on his arms along with noticing Anubis standing nearby with ears flat on top of his head. 
Jinks sensed the Master in control gave the High Council a glare noticing that their speakers were back in their spots as Shad spoke sounding of sarcasm “Well, well Horus what do you have to say about being fed off by a certain gonoid that the First Ones have dubbed by this ridiculous name of Tee Dee-”

At the moment Jinks was interrupted by Tom speaking "Horus? Wouldn't they know you as Osiris?"
He formed a glare aimed at Tom who added "You as far as I know was still known as Osiris before meeting Ajax that shift that joke to Horus."
Jinks spoke firmly "I'm just telling the story as far as I remember it. Don't correct me on that."
He glared at Tom who held up his hands in a surrender gesture before folding his arms and forming a thin line with his mouth. Jinks continued to speak the story.

Jinks kept his mouth shut in response to the High Council's question regarding Tee Dee, only to hear from Anubis loudly whispering “The High Council asked you a question so answer now or else it’ll be worse for you.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes and felt his mood foul along with tiredness hitting as he spoke “I don’t have anything to comment about that gonoid Tee Dee its called except I want to go back to bed and sleep.” 
He yawned loudly to prove his point as Onya spoke “Hmm interesting-“
He heard Ramses blaring in his mind interrupting her “Actually High Council a certain offspring belonging to Horus dubbed by this weird name of Robert is wailing very loudly and from mind scans is demanding something to feed off and won’t stop the noises till its demands are met.”
Jinks heard nothing more from Ramses as Shad spoke “Hmph perhaps we should give this Robert poison just to shut it up-“
Jinks interrupted “You leave my son out of this now! I forbid you to lay a hand on him-”
He felt a hand clamp over his mouth cutting his talk as he sensed it belonged to Anubis and glared at the High Council as Shad spoke again “Or you’ll what Horus? Care to tell us how you plan to keep your son from us harming him hmm?”
He kept his mouth shut in response as Anubis’s hand was removed but kept the glare as Onya spoke “You’ll do what we say regarding your offspring being kept alive by help of the Meritanians repeatedly scanning this Robert’s mind and waking him up to get the nourishment he needs despite his illness status.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut sensing her words were the truth as she kept talking “There’ll be a time when we will call you to us to do a favor in exchange for helping your offspring live despite an illness status so remember this and don’t even mention this to anyone else or our help to this Robert ends period.” 
He continued to keep his mouth shut as Shad spoke “Ramses transport Horus back now.” 
He felt hand holds off of him to blink his eyes finding himself in his bedroom in the White House while hearing Robert wailing away sounding like he was hungry to him. He eyed the bathroom doorway then his eyes traveled off his left to find a big brown box he figured was the fridge which he went to it and yanked open the door to find two rows of full milk bottles inside which he took one and went to Robert. He lifted up his son who stopped his wailing sounds but gave up some slurping noise which he sighed and went to the bed to sit leaning back against the padded headboard while sitting on the pillow. 
He thrust the bottle’s nipple into Robert’s mouth that squirmed in response which he spoke still sensing the Master in control “Robert, suck it your nourishment will come out believe me.” 
He eyed Robert to feel the squirming stop along with sensing his son was getting his nourishment by the baby shutting his eyes and eyed the bottle to see its liquid was going down till all of it was gone and removed the bottle putting it onto the dresser. He recalled Katherine doing some method of getting Robert to burp copied her patting his son’s back gently while having his son’s head over his shoulder and heard a burp noise from the baby. He sighed and got up from the bed and went to the crib putting Robert in it only to hear a wail noise from his son that sounded like something else than feeding to him. Jinks frowned but picked up Robert who stopped wailing to coo once held in his arms which he sighed figuring out that his son wanted him to hold him. He went back to the bed and leaned against the headboard adjusting the pillow till his back was on it. He sighed and adjusted the blankets till they were covering him from the chest down. Jinks adjusted Robert till his son was laying on his front on his chest and heard cooing sounds stop and sensed the baby had fallen asleep. He felt himself tired adjusted Robert till his son was safely leaning against his front with no sliding off or falling off if his arms released their holds and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to abruptly feeling Robert gone from him while seeing the lamps was on in the room with the curtains not glowing of sunlight. He got up with a start darting towards the crib to find Robert inside sleeping away and from senses cued to his son seemed had passed out to sleep getting his rest from repeatedly demanding nourishment all the time. He frowned to hear the bathroom door open to look seeing Katherine walk out clad in her nightgown while holding folded clothing in her hands that paused to look at him before moving to the dresser to put away her clothes before going to him hugging him abruptly. He didn’t comment a response to her hug leaned his chin against the side of her head and sighed loudly from her form pressing into him. 
Jinks heard from Katherine “Hmph I thought I was being driven crazy by Robert’s repeated demands for feeding and felt like needing a break. I only stayed away for an hour till the urge to be with our son got too much and I went back to here. Hmm I confess I took a picture of Robert and you together sleeping before our son woke up demanding to be fed which I let you sleep instead of waking you up to feed him.” 
He frowned hearing Katherine’s words as she continued to hug him which he placed his hands on her back gently rubbing the area feeling like needing to do it and felt her hug become a little tighter in response. 
Jinks sighed again loudly and heard from Katherine “You want to explain why my father told me that your sleepiness hitting you for three days was a result of being sucked by a Tee Dee gonoid seen doing that sucking to you before it got shot dead just to get it off of you?”
He sighed softly and spoke “Actually your father suggested to me in a meeting that I go out and explore the gardens and the White House due to some claimed report of me not doing that the whole time I held the King position and refusing people’s request to give me a tour either. I went out and wandered around till that Tee Dee gonoid you call it came out of the bushes abruptly and fed off of me which I passed out from that and woke up from you requesting me to take care of our son which I did that.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut in response as Katherine removed her head to stare at him in the eyes which he looked back in response as she spoke “Could you remove that look whatever you call it from your eyes now?”
He obeyed willing away the Master and heard a door knocking sound loudly which he sighed and broke off the hug and heard from Katherine “Let me handle this, this time. It’s probably my father for he has been paying visits while you were out asleep from the Tee Dee’s attack even while receiving medicine for it.” 
He folded his arms as Katherine went to the door and opened it a crack peering out and saw her yank it open wider showing the King dressed in pajamas and a bathrobe over it who walked inside that gave him a narrowed eyed look which he refused to flinch from the glare as he heard the door shut behind the male. 
Jinks eyed the King who without a comment went to Robert to peer and heard from the male “You want to explain why my grandson was seen flaring that odd eyed look I’ve seen from you?”
He spoke recalling the Master abilities inherited from him to his other offspring “The odd eyed look ability you call it is inherited from me.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as the King gave him a golden eyed glare followed by the male speaking “Oh does that include those special abilities you’ve been flaunting to people such as mentally choking someone and those rage episodes of yours including very strong strength?”
Jinks spoke recalling what he learned of his other offsprings’ abilities “The special abilities I have has been passed down but not as strong as I am with them. The offspring does inherited strong strength but not that strong enough like I am like I said. Also the rage episodes I have haven’t been seen passed down in offspring and seemed to be stuck with me.” 
He eyed the King who stopped flaring golden eyes followed by the male speaking “You sound like you have other offsprings than Robert here.” 
He exhaled a breath and then inhaled to speak “Actually Sir I’m older than I look due to having some secret reported deathless ability to outlive normal Human life spans and have appearance remain the same regardless of aging something my previous off springs to Robert didn’t seem to inherit judging by them aging and one of them passing away years ago.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut seeing the King’s eyes narrow with suspicion in them followed by the male speaking “Hmm interesting. You want to explain your actual reason for pursuing the King position due to reports that it involved the Master Organization publicity labeled a cult?”
He spoke recalling Lance’s excuse for him to pursue the King position fully in his mind “Boredom Sir. I had nothing to do and no purpose other than being some worshipful object for members of the Master Organization some quite fanatic with that worshipping behavior that kept me out of doing things like a normal being.”
He kept talking noticing the King’s eyes flare golden “The pursue of the King’s position was giving me something to do plus I found out that I helped other people’s lives when I was in government positions. Such as the New York City Mayor position where my predecessor wasn’t doing anything to help people live better in the city and making people want to move out and live elsewhere. Once I won the Mayor position I cleaned up New York City’s mess by making it better enough for people to want to live there including making it easier for people to travel around in the city regardless of on foot or transportation something my opponent that held the position wasn’t doing. I also made the city seem worth it to people to travel to there for vacation or touristy things while I held the Mayor position.”
He stopped talking to frown as the King stopped flaring golden eyes followed by the male speaking “Interesting anything else regarding pursuing the King position?”
Jinks heard an edge in the King’s voice tone which he figured that the male knew something and wanted him to admit it. 
He spoke “I’m not sure what your implying Sir. So help me out here.” 
He heard from Katherine in response “My father is indicating that he wants to know what else the actual reason was for you pursuing the King’s position. This wasn’t fully known when background checks were done on you when you and my father both ran for the King position.” 
He sighed softly and spoke “Alright I ran for governor due to that it was reported that a Mayor couldn’t be elected for the King position as said by some law ordered by a previous King. I ran for governor after I fixed up the mess in New York City when it was obvious that the city could handle itself without my help anymore so I went to that position. Also my first act as Governor was to strike down a state law involving women suing men for child support payments regardless of them married or not due to having that happen to me something I didn’t want to have happen again. It was personal choice that influence that strike down along with making a law that either gender could sue each other for custody of the offspring along with the judge alone deciding if there’ll be child support payments included or not. I’m surprised that you haven’t been kept abreast on what I’ve been doing holding positions hence you asking me Sir. So I shared my secret so share yours.” 
He heard in response was Katherine using the voice in some foreign language and felt compelled to go to the bed and go lie in it asleep which he obeyed to his annoyance throwing the blankets over his head which he dreamed of Lance who looked at him with blue Human eyes. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “The Meritanians blabbed that Guard Kensington and his daughter are partially part of a Humanoid species dubbed Builder by the High Council that are known to control people and things by speaking a specialized language in a compelling voice tone either together or alone.” 
He spoke as Lance paused “That sure explains why Mr. Kensington flared golden eyes to me with no explanation given. Am I right that the golden eyes is part of the Builder species?”
He heard from Lance “You’re correct on that assumption on the golden eyes bit. Unfortunately according to the Meritanians they managed to transport this Ghost Walker Aito into the High Council’s home base which Anubis and guards captured him and had him put in some sleep status like what happened to Dalton their leader some mind walker, and the other Ghost Walkers.” 
He gave off a soft groan and spoke “What’s with the High Council’s interests in putting Dalton to sleep anyway?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “Actually Dalton from overhearing the Meritanians’ talk seems to have some powerful mind walking ability to manipulate people. From what I know of the Ghost Walkers that raised him they trashed the High Council to him very firmly and now he won’t serve the group regardless of how they threatened him hence they putting him down to sleep. It seems that they saw him as a threat and contained him asleep as a result. This sleeping status is something the High Council does to people with special abilities that refused to serve them and seemed to be threats to them.” 
He frowned as Ramses’ familiar question was heard felt his eyes forced shut to came to hearing a yowl in his ear that sounded like Snowball to him which he sat up with a start while again hearing another yowl. He looked around the room with a frown and heard the alarm clock blare its noises which he reached a hand and shut it off along with noting the time of six thirty in the morning. He sighed while hearing a groan from Katherine off his right which he took a look at her seeing her roll over back to him while again giving off groaning noises. Jinks recalled the King’s order of meeting him for breakfast at seven thirty in the morning got up from the bed and went to the crib to peer at Robert he saw was sleeping. His senses cued towards his son indicated the baby had passed out and was sleeping which he sighed and went into the bathroom to shower. 
Jinks came out fully in the buff to notice Katherine sitting up in bed holding Robert in her arms while appearing to be feeding him. He didn’t say anything instead went to get some clothes on his form putting them on along with the silver metal tie and brushed his hair. He went to Katherine and kissed her on the lips a quick kiss that didn’t protest to that and then rubbed a hand on Robert’s forehead that was still sucking away. He left the bedroom sensing Snowball following him who kept up the following to the dining room which inside he found the King there reading the familiar newspaper that looked in his direction then resumed reading the paper. He sat and ate the food along with drinking the drink due to finding himself terribly hungry and once done sat leaning back in the chair and eyed the King with a frown who he saw was reading Master’s Herald. 
Jinks frowned as the King lowered the paper and spoke “Some interesting information came upon me this morning. What do you know of species dubbed Builder hmm?”
He spoke “I heard that their humanoid looking.” 
He cut himself off as if compelled and clamped his mouth shut and eyed the King with a frown who spoke “Interesting anything else?”
Jinks spoke “Ah I think these Builders have the ability to control people and things using specialized voice talents whatever that means regarding my source said it to me.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as the King spoke “Hmm who would this source be anyway?”
He spoke “Actually I receive talk from the Meritanians from time to time whenever their in the mood to broadcast their words to me and they have said various things some that seem like they want me to know things.” 
Jinks sensed his senses blare warning from behind him as he heard a male voice speaking gibberish using a compelling voice tone and blinked his eyes to find the King had resumed reading his newspaper and figured to himself that he was Builder manipulated which annoyed him. He felt annoyance take hold as he narrowed his eyes towards the King who ignored him staring at him while reading the newspaper. 
He continued to stare till the King stopped reading and looked at him while speaking “Which reminds me there’s a meeting today about the guards reporting the motion sensors going off last night in the garden early this morning. I like to know what they found due to that they said they would report it to me then.” 
Jinks grimaced inwardly sensing the King had lied as the male added “Well let’s get going anyway.” 
He got up and glared at the King’s back while following him to the oval office and once in the hallway leading to the doors willed the Darkness through despite creepiness feelings felt and an itchy feeling on his back in one spot. 
He once inside the office noticed Gold standing near the doors who spoke loudly sounding like using a compelling voice tone while speaking in Summeran “You will see the aide standing next to the desk as me the General and your son Kanny.” 
He eyed the aide a male who nervously looked at him as he stood in front of the desk eyeing the King that sat down and again heard from Gold still using the voice tone in Summeran “You will bow your head and shut your eyes and not hear anything said in here.” 
Jinks obeyed to the command finding it wasn’t taking effect onto him but figured it was best to obey to the order. 
Jinks heard from the King loudly “You find any other information about Jinks Montreal that I should know of?”
He stiffened as he heard Gold’s voice speaking in Summeran without the compelling voice tone “Why should we look it up on a computer when we can do is use the voice talent onto him to speak whatever information we should know anyway?”
He felt himself getting angry hearing that but willed himself to stay still along with keeping himself calm. 
He heard the King speak “Actually I prefer the public’s view on what they know on Jinks Montreal for now. What are the weight results on the limo Jinks lifted up to get Snowball out? I expect results to be known by now despite he voice ordered to do this.” 
Jinks heard Gold speak a number making him feel shocked followed by the male adding “That’s how much the limo weights sir. He broke an American record involving weight lifting unofficially when he lifted that vehicle up.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as the King’s voice was heard “Hmph according to my own eyes he didn’t seemed winded after he did the lifting job on that limo compared to other Humans known to be acting like that after they attempted lifting record breakers.” 
He frowned inwardly as Gold’s voice was heard “You want me to use my voice onto him to say what other offspring he has? Public records I warn you aren’t saying anything despite the Eli hacking into birth records and still haven’t found anything to back up his claims.” 
Jinks heard from the King “Do it anyway. I like to know what offspring he has other than this Kanny anyway despite some rumor going around that some man with some mental illness with that name is claiming him as his father to people.”
He stiffened of shock hearing that as Gold’s voice was heard using a compelling voice tone in Summeran speaking “Jinks, you will admit the names of your offspring born before Robert now.”
He spoke feeling himself compelled to do it “Lance, Lizette, Kanny, Nathan.” 
Jinks claimed his mouth shut feeling annoyed with the compulsion feeling despite the Darkness in control as he heard from the King “Gold you didn’t specify what sort of names he should have spoken. We need last names included for the Eli to find those offspring of his.” 
He again heard from Gold using the familiar voice tone and language “Jinks, you will speak the first and last names of your offspring born before Robert now.”
He found himself obeying to his annoyance speaking “Lance Knight, Lizette Knight, Kanny Knight, and Nathan Baxter Junior.” 
Jinks frowned hearing himself omit some of his children twice despite compelled to speak the names of his children as he heard from the King “You got what he said recorded?”
He heard a male voice speaking “Yah I got it but the Eli will be confused on the last name of this Lance, Lizette and Kanny due to that name is spelled with various uses.”
He again heard from Gold “Jinks you will spell the last name of Lance, Lizette and Kanny now.” 
He found himself obeying spelling out the name then cut his talk once again hearing the familiar male voice speaking “Yah I got the information.”
Jinks felt himself annoyed as Gold’s voice was heard omitting the compelling voice tone “Anything else sir you want to know I can get Jinks to talk on?”
He heard in response “No that’s an enough so get him out of here and have him go to the bedroom he’s sharing with my daughter now. I have enough of this stunt anyway.”
He heard Gold’s voice ordering him to raise his head open his eyes and leave the room going to Katherine’s bedroom which he found himself obeying as if compelled and once out in the hallway in front of the bedroom door stopped walking and rubbed hands onto his forehead yanking at his hair in the process. Jinks snarled some growling tone willed away the Darkness to get senses blaring which he ignored and walked into the bedroom feeling himself angry and ignored his senses again blaring as he hit the floor space between the bed and crib falling into a perfect split. He proceeded to do his stretching exercises finding his mood still not good and swung himself up doing karate drills and sensed himself spied on in the room which he looked halting his motions to see Katherine seated in a rocking chair holding Robert while wearing apparent exercise clothing on her form. He eyed Katherine who frowned staring at him back which he looked away and proceeded to do his Kata in the black belt rank and once done omitted the bow to stand with arms folded sensing her still staring at him. 
Jinks eyed her in response as she got up and went to him thrusting Robert while speaking “Please handle Robert while I go take a walk.” 
He took Robert while sensing an edge in her voice tone eyed her leaving the room and quickly put his son in the crib mentally ordering him to remain sleeping then darted towards the bedroom door yanking it open a bit in a quiet move along with willing the Darkness through. He peered out to see Katherine jogging down the hallway which he watched her disappear around a corner and darted behind towards the corner to shadow her repeatedly till she reached the hallway leading to the oval office and was forced to remain at the corner despite guards standing in hall. He eyed Katherine who went into the oval office unstopped by the guards then he darted back to his bedroom slamming the door and growling loudly. He stormed to the bathroom door yanking it open and stepped back staring at the mirror eyeing himself in it. 
Jinks spoke after willing away the Darkness finding himself look fine and not what the King claimed “Texas mobster eh? You were insulting me you bastard. Strike one for that insult. Strike two for manipulating me via voice orders of a Builder. Strike three I’ll kick your seat very violently if anything I think is insulting happens to me.” 
He glared at himself in the mirror and slammed the bathroom door shut with a loud bang sound and heard Robert giving off his wailing noises sounding like he was waken up from the noise. He groaned and stripped himself of his clothes and shoes till he was clad only in his underwear shorts and put the clothing and footwear away in the closet. He went to Robert still wailing away sounding of wanting a parent to hold him which he obeyed to the noises sounds and sensed his son calm down to sleep while being held. Jinks groaned and went to the bed getting into it thrusting the blankets up to his chest as he sat leaning back against the headboard with pillows on his back. He adjusted Robert to lean against his front and made sure his son was in position to not get off of him regardless of holding him or not. 
Jinks felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of Lance which he snarled out finding himself angry “I’m footing that bastard Kensington’s seat and I don’t give a damn how I’m doing it.” 
He found to his annoyance Lance putting hands on his forehead and front and found himself in a calm mood as his father flared all black eyes making him nervous. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “Strike three touch Guard Kensington in some violent way, his daughter Katherine will not have anything to do with you or let you have any say in Robert’s life. I got that straight from Katherine herself when I talked to her about you possibly doing something violent towards her father. She really is a devoted daughter towards her father with some rebelling when it comes to involving you. She has repeatedly blocked her father’s attempts to remove you and have you out of her life using various methods to keep you.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance he saw willed away the all black eyed look followed by continuing speaking “Katherine accurately figured out from your angry behavior that you were manipulated via Builder voice orders and that you were aware of the manipulating went to her father to tell him off on doing that stunt onto you.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his face as Lance kept talking “Oh I warn you that Guard Kensington will be testing you in various ways involving your mental and physical abilities such as that limo lifting stunt with you not aware of it. Be warned he will keep up with insulting you even doing that insulting behavior in front of Katherine’s presence. Another warning is he might be able to get you to retaliate by attacking him along with using the attack as an excuse to get you out of his daughter’s life on a permanent basis regardless of what she says to him.” 
He spoke as Lance paused “What’s with him pulling this insulting behavior towards me anyway?”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Lance spoke “Actually that’s due to how protective he is towards his daughter. The insulting behavior is an old habit he’s been pulling towards males who court Katherine just to test how well they are devoted towards her and make sure their not really using her for furthering their own gains regardless of her status as an offspring of a political figure.” 
Jinks didn’t comment as Lance forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing the alarm clock blaring its noises groaned loudly sensing Robert gone from him and adjusted his position to lie down while keeping his eyes shut. He felt a hand shake his shoulder he sensed was belonging to Katherine in some insisting move which he jerked open his eyes and shifted to stare at her standing next to the bed that straightened up her form with arms folded. 
Jinks frowned seeing Katherine’s eyes were flaring golden of a Builder look as she spoke “Spill it Jinks, what’s your personal feelings regarding my father and his treatment towards you? So talk now.” 
Jinks groaned loudly and got Katherine’s facial expression turning into a glare which he spoke “His treatment has gotten to the point that I’m willing to cause violent harm towards him but I won’t due to knowing you won’t stand me doing that to your father anyway.” 
He frowned as her facial expression remained the same as she spoke “And care to tell me how you knew you were manipulated by voice talent orders of Builders and displayed that knowledge recently despite not doing it due to that my father admitted he pulled that stunt onto you repeatedly?”
Jinks groaned softly recalling him using the Darkness and how he felt using it and spoke “That knowledge was from me using some creepy mental ability I hate using which makes me immune to Builder voice orders hence me aware of this manipulating.”
He clamped his mouth shut and sat up still eyeing Katherine who spoke “And what’s with the eyes seen flaring all black look I’m seeing from you and Robert as well?”
Jinks spoke “That look is the result of me activating mental abilities to manipulate people and things very strongly. I can still do a part of manipulating without that look but its only limited to finding a certain object I have an attachment to.” 
He folded his arms and stared at Katherine who’s facial look remained the same followed by her speaking “And what object is that you have an attachment to?”
He eyed her left hand to spot the familiar diamond ring on her ring finger which he spoke “It involves the diamond ring you’re wearing. I can find that thing anywhere regardless of you wearing it or not.”
He saw Katherine shift her left hand into view appearing to be scrutinizing the ring then lowered her hand to resumed folding her arms and speaking “And admit it Jinks what’s with the very strong strength anyway? An example of is my father admitted of you lifting up a limo to free Snowball from the engine and appearing to not be winded by that by witnesses seeing you doing it.”
Jinks sighed softly and spoke “That strong strength is because I’m a deity. Robert will inherit that anyway like my other offspring have been known to inherit after tests were done on them.” 
He frowned as Katherine spoke “Are you sure of this deity business?”
Jinks spoke “That deity business is from multiple encounters with people in the Master Organization group treating me as some worshiping object years ago before I ran for political office. That’s how I came up with that deity view anyway and I’m still seeing myself as that anyway.”
He stared at Katherine who kept up her facial expression as she spoke “The exercise movements you did in front of me in here what were they along with the limber ability anyway?”
He spoke “The movements were karate I practice quite religiously and stretching exercises to keep up my limber status. Also the obsession with karate and limber status got passed down to my own offspring who proceeded to do the same thing as well. I aim to see that Robert does karate once he’s old enough to learn.” 
He eyed Katherine who spoke “And anything else you want to admit that I should know of?”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “Check your records, Katherine, you’ll find a tournament world karate champion with the same name and appearance twin to me years ago. I’m not kidding when I say that Jinks Montreal back then is me actually. I’m not the age I appear to look but way older than that anyway. And yes I seemed to have some deathless ability to out live normal Human life spans with appearance remaining the same regardless of how long I’ve lived anyway.” 
He eyed her as she spoke “And the names of your offspring before Robert?”
He groaned out “Lance Knight as in medieval knight born first then his sister Lizette to the same female that was married to another, through trickery and manipulation. Her husband in question was a Master Organization high ranking member who couldn’t conceive offspring through whatever method and had me mate with his wife twice which created the two children I fathered with her. I later had a son Kanny that was born through some manipulating of some female trying to get money from me and he was later adopted by Lizette due to her full grown status and able to take care of him despite him being a baby. I also had another son named Nathan Baxter Junior who was born to a female while she was married to someone else. That offspring’s existence in question was a result of that female raped and tortured by another male. I helped her heal from that by letting her mate with me but we didn’t use protection when that happened and Nathan was conceived as a result.”
He clamped his mouth shut thinking to himself “I think I’ll omit mentioning Ajax and Michael anyway. No sense in getting the High Council mad at me for mentioning either one of them.”
He frowned to stare at Katherine who spoke in gibberish using the voice talent and found himself lying down as if compelled and shutting his eyes. He found himself passing out unconscious only to come to hearing the alarm clock ringing which he found himself spoon fashioning a groaning loudly Katherine which he jerked open his eyes and raised himself up shifting towards the alarm clock to shut its noises seeing the time was six thirty in the morning. Jinks heard nothing more from Katherine as he shifted to eye her noticing she was clad in her nightgown and appeared to be more interested in sleeping than waking up due to the alarm clock’s noises. He frowned and kissed her on the cheek getting no reaction from her on that and got up hitting the bathroom figuring that he’ll shower. 
Jinks came out in the buff to find Katherine feeding Robert which he ignored her eyeing him as he got clothes and shoes from the closet and put them on his form along with omitting the metal tie feeling not inclined to wear it. Jinks made sure to attend to his hair and then walked towards Katherine to kiss her on the lips a quick kiss and then left the bedroom which he went to the dining room sensing Snowball again following him. Inside he found the King again reading the newspaper while noticing two trays holding dishware with one holding food and other empty of it. He went to the tray holding nourishment and sat taking his time eating and drinking then leaned back with arms folded while staring at the King with a frown who ignored him to continue reading. 
Jinks frowned as the King looked up and eyed him before speaking “You look like a city mobster without that tie on.” 
He exhaled a breath and inhaled figuring that the King was testing him with the insult which he spoke “What do you recommend I wear since my dress up clothes is inappropriate to you anyway?”
Jinks eyed the King that flared golden eyes and an angry look before resuming reading the newspaper he saw was Great Written News after the male adjust it to continue reading it. 
He sighed softly and stared at the King who thrust the newspaper aside in some swift move and speaking sounding annoyed than angry “Alright let’s get this meeting in the oval office over with. It’s getting ridiculous anyway.” 
Jinks didn’t comment got up as the King got up golden eyed look stopped and followed the male to the oval office while willing forwards the Darkness and again got Gold giving his familiar order of seeing a male aide standing next to a desk as the General along with orders to bow head, shutting eyes and not hear anything which he obeyed doing it as if compelled. 
Jinks found his hearing remained the same as someone was heard giving off a sound of disgust before a male voice spoke “How long do we have to play this ridiculous stunt onto your son in law anyway? Your daughter is getting suspicious and tried to say something about it but Gold kicked her out as a result.” 
He heard the King speak “Don’t ever refer Jinks Montreal as my son in law in my face again unless told to do it. He hasn’t yet earned that title. I’m still debating on whether to let Katherine have him despite her attempts to keep him and flaunting Robert in my face as a reason or show him the door and keep him out of my life and my daughter’s including having no say in raising my grandson. Don’t ever forget that bit, Smith.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as the male voice he heard before spoke “Eh what’s with the cat anyway? She looks like she’s furious with something judging by her behavior.” 
He stiffened as the King’s voice was heard “Ignore Snowball. She has displayed that attitude towards people who use voice talents in her presence-“
He frowned as the King was interrupted by a loud yeow sounding in Gold’s voice tone along with hearing the male yell “She’s got my leg! Get her off!”
Jinks frowned as Snowball was heard meowing in some tone that suggested anger as Gold continued to make his yeow sounds along with repeating his comment of get her off of him repeatedly. 
He frowned as there was silence abruptly followed by a cat hissing sound and a familiar male voice speaking “Got her. What should I do with this furball causing the General distress?”
He heard Gold comment “Throw that cat outside-“
Jinks frowned as Gold was interrupted by the King “Don’t you dare throw her outside. She can’t survive being outside due to being raised from kitten hood to an adult inside by my brother. So drop her outside the room and make sure she can’t slip in period and do that now. I’ll set Jinks off to foot your seat if I find out she’s thrown outside on the lawn, General.” 
He heard nothing from Gold but the cat hissing sounds stopped along with door slamming noises heard followed by the King speaking “Anyway what have you found out about the names Jinks gave you regarding them as offspring?”
Jinks heard from the familiar male “Their offspring of a Jinks Montreal alright as said on their birth certificates when found by the Eli hacking into records. The oldest is a male named Lance Knight who passed away reportedly around the time the current Jinks Montreal ran for governor for the first time after two terms as Mayor. The second oldest is a female named Lizette Knight married name Kyushu as in deceased New York State Senator Jayden Kyushu which she’s still living. The third child in line is a male named Kanny Knight aka Julian Goldberg who’s reportedly hospitalized for people suffering from some mental illness and according to records was adopted by Lizette herself hence the name change and is appearing to reach the end of his life span due to how the mental illness is progressing within him. The fourth child is Nathan Baxter Junior who’s still alive as Mayor of New York City at the moment but has a deceased mother who was reportedly was married to a Senator of New Jersey with the same name with the word Senior included that is currently deceased and that the Senator claimed responsibility for the offspring’s conceiving. That’s about it sir.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that feeling himself ranges of emotions running through him hearing the news on his offsprings as the King’s voice was heard “Well get Jinks to admit on how he’s really feeling towards me anyway.”
He stiffened as Gold’s voice was heard sounding not using the voice talent “I don’t think you should be aware of that anyway. It’ll probably change your view towards him and influence your decision on whether to have him as a son in law despite your daughter’s attempts to keep him as her husband.” 
Jinks frowned as the King spoke “Nevertheless on my decision and influences just get him to talk on that subject now.” 
He heard a door bang open sound followed by Gold’s voice speaking using the compelling voice tone “Katherine go to your room and stay there and don’t come back here again.” 
He felt himself annoyed as the door banging sound was heard along with a loud yeow and heard “Get that furball off of me now!”
Jinks heard hissing sounds along with another sound of door banging followed by Gold’s voice speaking compel toned “Jinks you will honestly admit your feelings towards your father in law now.” 
He spoke as if compelled “His insulting treatment of me has gotten me to the point that I want to cause violent harm to him but I won’t due to Katherine would dump me if I did any such behavior towards her father.”
He clamped his mouth shut hearing from the King “Hmm interesting.” 
He heard an edge in the King’s voice tone mentally thought to himself “Oh no what the depths are you up to now? You better not be planning something insulting for me to reacts violently enough to get Katherine to drop me in no time flat.” 
Jinks heard from the King again “Have Jinks go to his room now. I’m done with him anyway.” 
He again heard the edge in voice tone as Gold’s voice was heard ordering him to leave the room after ordered to raise his head and opening his eyes which he obeyed and went to the bedroom willing away the Darkness and stood in front of the door feeling his mood foul despite senses blaring which he again ignored. He rubbed hands on his forehead and yanked on his hair’s strands feeling his mood was bad. Jinks walked inside sensing his senses blaring ignored it to go to part of the room between the crib and bed in an attempt to do his karate only to hear Katherine’s voice loudly speaking in Summeran in compel voice tone ordering him to talk everything that went in the oval office. Jinks found himself relaying everything he heard while in the oval office along with the thought of the King planning an insult for him to react violently enough to get Katherine to drop him judging by the voice tone of the male to indicate that thinking. He exhaled a breath once done talking to inhale and got ordered by her to ditch his clothes and go to bed and sleep which he obeyed leaving on his underwear shorts as ordered by her speaking as he took off his clothes and shoes. Jinks went to the bed and laid his form down on his side facing Katherine’s side of the bed and threw the blankets over his head and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance feeling his mood was bad and his father again had hands onto him calming him down. 
Jinks spoke noticing Lance giving him an all black eyed glare “Guard Kensington somehow got me to admit how I was feeling towards him which was feeling like doing something violent along with saying that the behavior would get Katherine to dump me out of her life. He had a won’t go away edge in his voice tone that suggested to me that he was up to some insulting trick and was planning on having it happen. Also Katherine used the Builder voice talent onto me to get me to admit everything that happened while I was in the oval office along with my thoughts related to what I heard from the King’s voice.” 
He clamped his mouth shut once talking to feel himself nervous as Lance’s eyes changed to Human blue and he felt the nervousness stop which he eyed his father with a frown. 
Lance spoke “Interesting hearing that. I warn you that Katherine is currently debating on which thought to go with regarding you and her father. She is according to the Meritanians scanning her mind while you were talking to her your thought of the King and insulting behavior thinking of whether you were paranoid in thinking that due to how her father has been treating you or that its actual fact and your not paranoid at all.”
Jinks groaned to hear from Ramses abruptly “Hey High Council, don’t throw a hissy fit at me anyway. That talk is related to some First One female, Horus is currently paired with at the moment with the female’s father debating on keeping him or kicking him out of life with the offspring Horus fathered through the female.”
He shifted to look at the Meritanians to find their heads bowed and frowned hearing Lance speaking “That’s odd that the High Council would get involved in this. They don’t seem to care on what the Meritanians are babbling about as long as the plants do their orders period.”
He eyed Lance who forced his eyes shut and he passed out unconscious to come to hearing the alarm clock blare its noises which he groaned loudly and stayed asleep despite the blankets off his form. He felt a hand shake his shoulder in an insisting move which he jerked opened his eyes and shifted his form to face Katherine standing next to the bed that folded her arms and gave him a golden eyed glare. 
Jinks frowned seeing that as she spoke using a compelling voice tone in Summeran “Do you love me enough to see me as your wife who you’ll treat in a nice equal way?”
He spoke finding compulsion hitting him finding himself eyeing her in the eyes “I love you Katherine and yes I see you as my wife and yes I’ll treat you in a nice equal way.” 
Jinks heard the firm tone in his voice tone as he spoke his words and continued to stare at Katherine in the eyes as she spoke in Summeran still using the voice tone “Are you still feeling like reacting violently towards my father if he gives you an insult that’ll set you off?”
He spoke still compelled “Yes I’m still feeling that way and yes I will foot your father’s seat violently if he continues to treat me inappropriately. Such as insulting me about my clothes I’m wearing and manipulating me via voice orders through someone speaking them to gain information about me and my life including my past as well.” 
He folded his arms while eyeing Katherine who spoke speaking without the voice tone “Watch Robert for me. I need to go get some nourishment just to keep on feeding our son.” 
Jinks didn’t comment as Katherine kissed him on the lips and then heard her leave the room with the door manipulation sounds. He sat up and went to Robert to peer at his son seeing the baby was lying asleep and sensed he had passed out. Jinks frowned hearing the door open behind him looked to see the King walk into the room slamming the door with an angry look on his face and eyes flaring golden. 
He stiffened as the King spoke in an angry voice tone “You son of a bitch managed to somehow eavesdrop onto everything going on in the oval office. Don’t deny that to me now. I got it straight from Katherine.” 
His senses blared warning telling him that the King lied and figured that the male was throwing an insult trick onto him spoke as the man became silent “I could have let myself eavesdropping be known anytime sir.” 
He got from the King speaking still sounding angry “Oh really? So you don’t deny that trick you did.” 
He spoke while folding his arms “I don’t deny it but I don’t find the manipulating amusing sir.” 
Jinks gave the King a glare while inwardly thinking to himself “What the depths are you doing to me anyway?”
He glared at the King who spoke “What manipulating are you talking about?”
Jinks found again his sense for detecting lies blare telling him that the King had again lied spoke after willing the Master through “Don’t lie to me Sir. I can detect lies and you’re lying to me. This stunt you’re pulling is nothing but another insulting trick to get me to react violently so drop it now.”
He heard from the King in response him speaking using the voice talent in Summeran “Admit it that your using my daughter for your own gains now.” 
He found himself speaking as if compelled “I love your daughter and I want her as my wife and want her in my life to raise my son I fathered through her.” 
Jinks glared at the King who gave up a loud growling sound before again speaking using the voice talent “Admit it, Jinks that you’re nothing but a toy for my daughter and others to play with.” 
He felt rage become full blown unexpectedly roared an angry sound and found himself charging towards the King to grab the male by the throat with a hand and lifted him up choking him while throwing a fist into the man’s front not caring where it landed. Jinks ignored the sounds all around him as he punched the King’s front feeling himself furious with the male’s words indicating him as an object for Katherine and others to manipulate. 
He felt his mood stop by a loud crying sound sounding of Robert which he hauled the King to the door yanking it open and threw the male out of the room while roaring out “Don’t ever use that joke of others using me as some object in my face again!” 
He slammed the door in response and stormed to part of the room to do his karate movements while feeling his mood still raging within him. He kept up his karate sensing himself watched which he figured it was Katherine and ignored her as he heard Robert stopped crying unexpectedly and once done with the combative art sensed her and his son gone from the room. Jinks kneeled as if compelled and burst into tears while rocking his form back and forth as he felt his angry mood stopped hitting him followed by sadness hitting him. He cried and cried even ignoring the light shows flashing into the room as he shut his eyes and raised his head towards the ceiling cutting his noises. Jinks felt hands clawed grab his arms lifting him up to a standing position and felt the rugged floor become metal on his feet which he felt a hand clawed patting his cheek repeatedly. He jerked open his eyes lowering his head to discover himself in the High Council’s throne room as Anubis removed his hand. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Well Horus what do you have to say about this First One female you are reportedly paired to?”
He spoke finding himself compelled “I love her and want her as mine and I’ll do what it takes to keep her including raising my son with her I fathered through her.” 
He clamped his mouth shut finding himself shocked with his declaration as he narrowed his eyes glaring at the High Council. 
Onya spoke “You’ll do what it takes to have this First One as yours including doing anything even whatever we tell you to do just to achieve that goal hmm?”
He stiffened hearing Onya’s words as he kept his mouth shut but felt compelled to speak which he found himself blurting “I’ll do anything.”
Jinks again clamped his mouth shut finding himself shocked with his words as Shad spoke “Interesting hearing that from you Horus. Oh there’s a little matter involving this First One male being a Builder something we can prove with concrete evidence enough to kick him out of a certain titled position at our choosing. You First Ones at the moment seemed to what’s the saying Ramses regarding the Builder species?” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Ramses was heard sounding in his mind with a familiar headache of his mind scanned felt “The saying is First Ones frown on having Builders in certain titled positions including the leadership position of their species which a hidden Builder is currently holding at the moment.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Shad spoke “Well Horus, the Meritanians have managed to prevent certain situations from happening at our orders at the moment. Here’s an idea we want you to do just to get this First One female back as yours with her father as he’s called submitting to your demands. Oh you’ll be called to do some favors once the demands of yours are met by this First One male. So here’s the idea.” 
He stiffened further as Shad kept talking “Your to use your mental abilities to confront this female First One’s father with the fact that he’s part of the Builder species and that you learned this from us and that we have concrete evidence to reveal him to the First Ones which they will be manipulated to execute him once the fact is made public. You will demand to him on our behalf for our silence is to allow the pairing of you and his offspring to happen period. We’ll take the matter from here should he refuse to meet your demand or attempts to pull a trick of going along with it to gain information on keeping us from revealing his hidden Builder status. So what do you have to say about this hmm?”
Jinks spoke as if compelled “I’ll do it, High Council.”
He clamped his mouth shut as Onya spoke “Ramses transport Horus back to where you picked him up and make sure he’s able to do that idea we told him to do it without any problems now.”
He felt handholds off his arms and found himself in his bedroom in the house which he gave up a growling sound and willed the Darkness through only to hear from Ramses “Its not polite to go around among people looking like that so put some clothes on now.”
Jinks obeyed putting on black clothing omitting the tie and black jacket as he continued to growl loudly which he halted the noises as if compelled to hear a knocking sound onto the bedroom door. He went to the door using Master powers to peer through seeing one of the King’s aides there looking nervous and knocking on the door while looking like he was alone. 
Jinks yanked opened the door and grabbed the aide by jacket thrusting his form up dangling his feet while snarling out “Where’s she now?!”
He heard from Ramses blaring in his mind “He’s got some kind of syringe hidden in his sleeve he was told to inject you with which I’ve manipulated him to sleep. Along with seeing that he’s not told of where you're female went but he knows that her father is at a location you’ll have to fight physically to get to there. The location is the security room in the basement of the place your in.”
Jinks sensed Ramses’ words were the truth by the male slumping over in his hand grips which he sensed himself filmed to toss the male into the hallway who didn’t wake up after hitting the floor. Jinks looked up to eye a camera dome in ceiling sensing the recorder was filming him which he waved a hand and smiled a smirk seeing sparks come from it. He eyed the hallway’s ceiling to spot various camera domes in it and went into the hallway while ignoring the camera domes recording him which nearing the corner his senses blared warning halting his running. 
Jinks heard from Ramses “Ugh there’s a guard behind the corner holding some kind of dart gun weapon he’s ordered to shoot you with but I managed to put him asleep.” 
He saw the Meritanian’s word was true by a male figure appearing into view slumping over onto the floor with form still but sensed that he was still alive. Jinks gave up a loud roar roaring loudly while hearing glass cracking sounds all around him. 
He halted his noises to hear from Ramses “Good trick Horus. You cut off their visuals on your location in either direction of the hallways where you’re at the junction. I suggest that you give off that noise when you want the recorders to stop focused onto you.” 
He went down a hallway and reached the end to again give off roaring noises while hearing glass cracking sounds and then kept it up while taking a route to the security room’s entrance to find the hidden door in the wall to the stairwell locked with a loud humming sound coming from it. 
Jinks felt his senses blare warning as Ramses was heard “Oh dear. That female of yours I managed to find her and she’s heading towards your location from the kitchen route with some thinking of telling you off and to get out of her life period.” 
Jinks felt Ramses stop talking thrust a fist into a wall seeing it form a hole and eyed the security door which he waved a hand and saw it open and he stepped into the stairwell hearing the door slam shut behind him. He blinked his eyes as the lights illuminating the stairwell went out which night vision was blared. Jinks went down the stairwell quietly while hugging the wall back on it senses cued towards anything to come upon two figures lying on the stairs appearing to be asleep he recognized as guards from their clothes. Jinks went down the stairwell till he reached the end to see a metal door humming of electricity while sensing himself not filmed waved a hand to see the door slam open. 
He saw Gold standing in his way holding his fists up and speaking loudly not using the voice “Come and fight me you coward.” 
Jinks heard from Ramses “That’s a trap to get you through due to guards on both sides of the door are ordered to hit you with some gun weapon said to cause electrical shocks.”
Jinks spoke sensing the Meritanian stopped blaring “Call off your guards you got on both sides of the door hidden ordered to take me down and I’ll fight you on equal terms General.” 
He glared at Gold who formed a bugged eyed look before speaking using the voice in Summeran language “Jinks hit the floor and have hands onto your back now.” 
He waved a hand towards Gold mentally ordering him to sleep seeing his order obeyed and ran in a fast speed move throwing himself through the doorway as the door slid closed behind him. Jinks was quick to get up onto his feet waving hands all around him and heard multiple gun jamming sounds which he found the King seated at a table and pointed a finger in his direction to see the male get up flaring golden eyes with arms folded. 
Jinks heard from the King “Knock him out physically since he got the guns to stop working.” 
He raised his hands up smirking figuring out that his karate would be enough to physically keep them off him as four guards came charging at him from all sides. Jinks felt himself compelled to mentally give the sleep command found himself doing it despite his disgust hitting him and found the guards stopping and hitting the ground with form still. Jinks again eyed the King to see three guards the remaining of them had formed a wall between him and the male while holding fists in his direction and syringes in their other hands. 
Jinks shrugged and spoke out loud “That’s not going to stop me anyway.” 
He waved a hand ordering the guards to sleep to see one toss the syringe in his direction which he caught the cylinder and adjust its hold while edging himself towards the King seeing the male looked furious. 
He stepped over the sleeping guards as the King spoke using the voice talent in Summeran “You will inject that syringe into your thigh now.” 
Jinks found himself not obeying to the order instead kept on edging towards the King to see the male’s eyes narrow with suspicion in them as he heard from Ramses abruptly “Hey Horus, he’s got a syringe hidden in his sleeve opposite of the hand your holding that thing in your hand. I think he might be successful with injecting you if you go near him without any power abilities manipulating.”
He spoke out loud halting his walking as Ramses stopped talking in his mind “I came from the High Council sir. They claim that your part of the Builder species and can prove it with concrete evidence and want a price tag for their silence to be paid which is what I’ll tell you.” 
He eyed the King who’s eyes remained golden and narrowed but heard nothing from the male in response who made no move towards him “The High Council knows that Humans won’t tolerate a Builder in the King position as leader of them and will react badly enough to execute you once the news is made public.”
He again got no reaction from the King as he continued talking “The price tag sir is you’ll accept me to have your daughter as mine, my wife and my mate period and the High Council will keep their silence period.”
He got from the King “Son of a bitch. You were originally working for the High Council as a servant of them instead of a prisoner of war as thought.” 
Jinks spoke in a growling voice tone finding his mood becoming foul “I’ll do what it takes to have Katherine as mine even make a deal with the High Council to achieve that goal. I will have Katherine period and I don’t give a damn on what your feelings are in that matter sir.” 
He glared at the King who spoke “Interesting deal Jinks but what are you going to do if my daughter doesn’t agree to this hmm?”
He felt his anger take control only to feel a headache hitting him abruptly and Ramses’ familiar voice sounding in his mind “Horus, he’s doing what’s called baiting as in getting you angry enough to target him so he’ll inject you with the hidden syringe so back off on that mood now. Just use your powers instead anyway.” 
He felt Ramses stop abruptly which he found his angry mood stop. He waved a hand mentally ordering paralysis to hit the King and saw the order hit home by the male falling to the stone floor onto his back which he walked to the man. He reaching the King bent down and stripped the male of the hidden syringe tossing it aside along with the other syringe. He waved a hand mentally ordering the paralysis to stop hitting at the King’s head but left the deadweight to hit from the neck down. 
Jinks got a loud gasp from the King who spoke “I can’t move help me now.” 
He spoke while bending down to glare at the King, folding his arms “That was a result of me manipulating you and not some inner body medical ailment.” 
He heard “You bastard! Wait till my daughter hears of this! She’ll never accept you anyway regardless of what I say to her about this stunt you're pulling!”
Jinks gave up hysterical laughter silencing the King who formed a frown on his face as he laughed. 
He cleared his throat once he found himself stopping the laughing sound and spoke “Well there’s one thing involving this deadweight your feeling at the moment is its not temporary it’s permanent until I remove it. So think again of what you’re going to say to me now.” 
He straightened up his form keeping arms folded eyes onto the King as the male spoke “You can’t hide this from Katherine forever, you bastard. She’ll find out sooner or later and will kick you to the curb once it’s known. She’ll kick you out of raising Robert as well too.”
He felt his mood become foul unfolded his arms and fisted his hands while narrowing his eyes aimed at the King as the male continued talking “Believe me she’s easily manipulated via voice order of a Builder. All it’ll take is a voice order and you’re out of her life period.” 
Jinks gave off a growl sound with anger coursing through him brought his fist onto the King’s front as the male stopped talking abruptly which he kneeled raising his fist aiming it towards the male’s front only to hear from Ramses halting his fist movement “Guard Kensington, its Ramses a mind walking sentient plant that lives on the ocean too many leagues away from here with a message from the High Council. They are aware that you are partially of the Builder species along with people’s views towards Builders holding leadership positions. The High Council knows that you’re in terms a greedy bastard who craves leadership positions including doing what it takes to get it. They know that you manipulated a certain male to give you what you wanted in the first place from him which was a male offspring through your daughter.”
Jinks felt himself getting angry again hearing Ramses’ reference to him as the Meritanian kept talking “They also know that the reason of this manipulating onto this certain male is that his looks indicate he’ll make a good breeder for offspring.” 
Jinks raised his hand and fisted into the King’s front repeatedly feeling himself furiously angry with what Ramses said about him.
He continued to hear from Ramses as he continued to fist the King “The High Council knows that you plan on making a law to have the King leadership position your holding passed down to your daughter’s offspring once he’s grown enough raised in your selfish views. You even aim to do this raising selfish view towards this offspring once he’s grown enough to not need his mother once it’s obvious by him not needing any nourishment from her. You also plan to use the voice onto your daughter to dump her offspring into your hands and her into some mental asylum just to keep her away from you and interfering with you raising the offspring.”
Jinks felt the headache persist along with his bad mood evaporating which he stopped his fisting to fold his arms and glared at the King in the eyes who met his eyes with nervousness in them as Ramses he heard “I’m not kidding on what I said High Council. Its gleaned from this First One’s mind who’s the one that you told Horus to demand for a certain First One female offspring as his as payment for hiding his Builder status from the public. And no I’m not broadcasting this conversation to him and his daughter at the moment but Horus is hearing it anyway.” 
He stiffened hearing Ramses’ words as the Meritanian kept broadcasting within his mind “Actually I broadcasted the contents of this First One’s mind contents onto Horus and the female he wants as his. Horus’s reaction was to allow anger to take control which he used his hand onto this male First One he’s got in a trapped status. The female First One in question from mind scans is very upset hearing what was broadcasted to her enough to have some kind of breakdown which she’s still doing it at the moment.” 
He spoke mentally sensing Ramses could hear him “What will be my female’s reaction if I bring her father in some trapped status to her?”
He heard in response “Excuse me High Council. Well Horus from mind scans she’ll be furious when she sees him but will use her Builder ability to get her father to admit everything that I said to her from mind scans just to prove what was said. I suspect this will get her father humiliated enough to back off on his plans for good judging by the mind scans of him saying that he’s embarrassed and doesn’t want a confrontation with his offspring anyway.”
Jinks without a word felt Ramses stop stood up and heard from the King “You’re a sick bastard you son of a bitch.” 
He exhaled at the familiarity of some of the words and without a comment bent down grabbing the King by the neck choking him and lifted him up with a hand. 
He snarled in the King’s face “I aim to see your daughter confront you of this joke you pulled onto the both of us.” 
He saw fear hitting the King’s eyes as the male moved his mouth which he ignored to continue choking the man and hauled him towards the room’s entrance waving a hand to make the door open. He hauled the King up the stairs and through the hidden door’s doorway and held up a hand figuring out that Katherine would still be wearing his ring. He found the ring’s signal leading in the direction of the kitchen kept his hand up while hearing the King gasping for air which he ignored taking a route to sense himself filmed and ignored it. He reached a hallway to find the ring’s signal pushed his hand down towards the window where a curtain was having a budge while hearing loud muffled sobbing sounds coming from it. Jinks kept his hold onto the King to go to the curtain and yanked it aside with such force that he heard Katherine gasp loudly and quit her crying sounds. 
He thrust the King at her and spoke still gagging him “I got him in some body trapped status so talk on what you want to know from him now.” 
He glared at Katherine as he heard from Ramses sounding abruptly “Actually Katherine your father will be humiliated if you confirm what I said broadcasted to you enough to get him to back off from doing any of his plans or making any movements of doing them. That’s from scanning his mind and seeing that view clearly there. I believe that the embarrassment is fueled by his feelings towards you as his offspring enough to not want to do what I said blaring to you anyway.” 
He spoke as Ramses was felt quiet “The body trapped status is permanent deadweight which is hitting him from the neck down unless I remove it. So tell me what I should do with him anyway.”
Jinks glared at Katherine who eyed him with watery eyes of shock along with shifting towards her father and saw her eyes flare golden followed by her speaking in Summeran in the voice compelling tone “Father speak what your plans for the King position were entirely now.” 
He released the King and held him up in a sitting position as the male spoke confirming entirely what Ramses was heard broadcasting to him while eyeing Katherine who formed ranges of emotions on her face as the man talked. 
Jinks heard a growl from Katherine as the King stopped talking to sense fear hitting the male while holding him up and eyed her as she spoke using the voice in Summeran “You will make no attempts to make me or Jinks or anyone else forget what you said to me confirming Ramses’ words about your plans for the King position. You will make no attempts to break up the family of me, Jinks and my son period. You will accept Jinks as your son in law period and allow this marriage to be legal.”
Jinks sighed softly hearing Katherine’s words regarding his marriage to Katherine as she continued talking “You will give up the King position once the entire term is over with using the excuse of your cancer diagnose as a public reason for not seeking a second term. You will not put up a fight if there is an impeachment happening and will accept being removed from position without any complaints. You will share the duties of the King position with Jinks Montreal officially and use your cancer diagnose as a public reason for that. You will make no attempts to sabotage any of the commands I’ve spoken them to you period with Jinks as witness. You will accept the commands at face value as spoken by me.” 
Jinks heard nothing more from Katherine to see her hugging the King face buried on the male’s shoulder while giving off crying sounds again which he heard groaning sounds from the male eyed him in the face to see his eyes were no longer golden and saw tears dripping from them with a sad look in his facial expression seen.
He heard from the King “Daughter mine, how I love and cherish you too much.” 
Jinks sighed and willed away the paralysis backing away to hear from the King speaking “Argh Jinks you cunning deity. I shouldn’t have messed with you anyway.”
Jinks halted his backing to stand with arms folded eyes on the King who hugged Katherine and again heard him speaking “Katherine, what am I going to do with the public’s demand for an actual wedding ceremony anyway?”
He sighed softly and eyed Katherine who raised her head to appear to meet her father’s eyes and spoke “Jinks will give the excuse of already going through one such ceremony and didn’t like it enough to marry me privately.”
He frowned hearing that as Katherine kept talking “You recall he married this Victoria in some publicized ceremony due to people’s demands for one after he won the governorship position and it was broadcasted all over the continent. The ceremony proved to be the networks’ biggest ratings bonanza ever according to media sources saying it when asked about it.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Katherine paused and bowed his head sensing her and the King looking at him which he spoke from his memories “The ceremony was the worse thing I ever went through anyway. Ugh the engagement was a publicity stunt just to get voters to vote for me into the governorship position due to the people saying that they weren’t going to vote me into office in polls. Also I had to go through with that marriage ceremony due to promising voters I would have one once elected into position. Hmph I didn’t mind being married but I do mind not consummating the relationship due to that Victoria refused to mate with me period.”
He heard nothing from the King or Katherine as he continued talking “This no mating status caused me several problems with urges I had to get rid of by doing karate over and over for long periods of time. Also I was willing to make the marriage reality by conceiving offspring but Victoria balked that and insisted that I do it with someone else. I could have forced myself onto Victoria but that would have traumatized her. I admit it I had fathered an offspring through a female that was traumatized from another male doing that mating by force behavior hence me balking on doing it anyway onto Victoria.” 
He looked up to see a glare on the King’s face as he saw Katherine frowning which he continued talking “Alright I admit the truth sir it was hormones talking when I threw myself towards your daughter into this relationship and marriage.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as the King spoke “Hormones Jinks? It’s more like love at first sight anyway. I’m willing to bet that your willingness to mate with my daughter was due to this Victoria’s repeated balking leaving you with sexual frustration that you had no outlet for it hence you conceiving your offspring through Katherine while in some trashy hotel room.”
He groaned softly as the King kept talking “Don’t bother denying the sexual frustration I sensed from looking at you due to being a man myself and how you ogled Victoria after meeting her for the first time in bad circumstances. My brother mentioned that you were ogling Victoria after some fight with some ruffian.” 
He frowned eyeing the King who added “Besides George blabbed of the stunt he pulled onto people to me while he was hospitalized which I figured out the whole story as to why you and Victoria weren’t appearing to be conceiving offspring despite public expectations said about the both of you. Turns out that George through his admittance to me had secretly paid multiple females to pose as Victoria including some of them married to someone else with desperation to get money hence they taking the job to do the posing. I surprised that you were fooled from this anyway which I know why.”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled as the King gave him a glare which he spoke sensing the male wanted him to talk “Ah I fell in love with Victoria the moment I married her in that ridiculous ceremony. I was willing to overlook her flaws such as repeated memory loss and always acting surprised to see me flaunting my mental power abilities’ eye change in her face whenever I was furious with something. Plus I was willing to accept that her balking on saying that she loved me after I made a declaration to her was part of her posing as my wife in this publicity stunt of a marriage Hmph.”
He frowned as Katherine and the King without a comment both got up from the floor followed by Katherine herself going to him which he unfolded his arms and didn’t complain as she hugged him which he sighed loudly from the feel of her touching him. He eyed the King to hear from the male “Hmph, hurt Katherine and I’ll see about making you regret doing that period. So don’t tempt me to use my Builder abilities onto people to target you if I hear of you hurting Katherine.”
He spoke as the King stopped talking “I get it your words sir.” 
Jinks felt Katherine hugging him tighter brought his hands onto her back gently rubbing the area while hearing her sigh loudly as he leaned the side of his face against her head. 
He heard from the King “Hmm which reminds me I need to put in an order for various things around here being damaged. Excuse me while I go make that reality.”
Jinks eyed the King who walked away sensing the male was heading towards the security room by the direction he took. He continued to hug Katherine feeling himself relieved to have her doing that to him along with her father’s acceptance to have him as his daughter’s mate.
Jinks frowned as Katherine pushed herself out of his arms’ and stood with arms folded while speaking “Jinks what the depths do you call that all black eye look and this creepy mental ability you use to be immune to Builders anyway?”
He sighed and waved a hand willing the cameras in the hallway to go out sensing the above camera stop then willed both mental abilities in control of him away sensing that it was safe for him to do so and sensed that they were both alone in the hallway with no one to eavesdrop despite some filming sensation felt. 
He leaned towards Katherine’s ear putting a hand on her shoulder and whispered in a low tone “Black eyed look I dub it Master despite three of my own offspring inherited it dubbing it by the name of Source. The creepy mental ability is dubbed Darkness and gives me an itchy feeling in the middle of my back and no I haven’t seen it inherited in my own offspring.”
He straightened up his form and folded his arms to see suspicion in her blue eyes as she spoke “You want to explain this trick you used onto my father to make his body deadweight?”
He spoke again leaning towards her and whispered “The trick was paralysis mentally ordered towards him. It varies on which part of the outer body from the foot to the head I can make paralysis form. I haven’t bothered to figure out if that involves organ stoppage and don’t intend to find out. Bad people would have used me for assassinations anyway if they hear of it. Anyway I’ll reveal more of the power abilities later on in the future once it is obvious that it’s safe to do it.”
He straightened up his form and eyed Katherine who gave up a groan sound unfolding her arms followed by her speaking “Ugh I left Robert with the cook with assurances that I’ll be back in time to feed him again. Hmph he must be really hungry by now and upset that you and I aren’t around for his meal.” 
He sighed and unfolded his arms as he wordlessly followed Katherine taking a route to the kitchen to hear loudly inside Robert wailing away sounding upset to him which he followed Katherine jogging inside to find the cook holding the baby with a panicky look on her face and looking relieved to see the both of them. He didn’t comment as Katherine took Robert from the cook to feel relief hitting him hearing the baby give off his hungry cry wail sound which he figured that his son was upset due to not sensing his parents nearby for nourishment. He eyed Katherine going to sit at the kitchen’s stool and adjusted her top to give Robert access to a breast which he watched his son suck away with eyes shut seemingly lengthy to him. 
Jinks went to Katherine putting a hand on her shoulder and eyed Robert getting his nourishment as he mentally spoke “How long does the Meritanians have to manipulate Robert to feed anyway?”
He frowned hearing nothing to answer his question in response continued to eye Robert sucking away. 

Part Five: Answers

Jinks frowned from the question to hear the alarm clock blare its noise as usual at six thirty in the morning about a year later. 
He sighed and got up from the bed hearing Katherine groaning loudly “Ooh at least Robert let me sleep the entire night this time and even on our anniversary of our marriage.”
Jinks frowned hearing that to recall his promise to Katherine that Robert would let her sleep the entire night and even admitted having some power to put people to sleep but refused to explain to her of how he did it. He went to Robert lying in his crib to eye his son nearly the Human age one year old asleep in it. 
He stared at Robert to hear from Ramses abruptly “High Council, Horus’s offspring dubbed Robert has from mind scans indicated that he’s out of that sickness status and doesn’t need our manipulating help anymore. So let me know what Horus should be doing for you as payment anyway and I’ll tell him when the time arrives as per your orders.” 
Jinks heard nothing more from Ramses sighed and reached out a hand towards Robert to place it on his son’s chest feeling it moving up and down in a rapid fire pace who didn’t stir from his sleep instead remained slumbering. 
He sighed leaving himself standing there lengthy and heard from Katherine abruptly “Jinks, you got thirty five minutes to meet my father for the daily breakfast meeting so move it. I’m not having you be late again and suffer doing some odd jobs around here as payment for the lateness as ordered by my father insisting you do that as punishment for the lateness he hates getting from people.”
Jinks without a comment went into the bathroom after removing his hand from Robert and showered after taking off a pair of black sweatpants fitting him as his pajamas and making sure that he was fast into doing the washing thoroughly then walked out after drying himself entirely to the closet to get his familiar black clothes along with bullet proof vest which he put on underneath his top. He sighed to put on his jacket and metal tie then went to brush his hair styling it neatly. He shifted once done to eye Katherine seated in the rocking chair holding Robert still sleeping in her arms and sensed that his son had accepted the weaning of sucking nourishment by her breasts instead was accepting something else as his nourishment. He went to Katherine and kissed her on the lips hearing Lance’s familiar voice talking about her baby carrier was removed and didn’t protest to always hearing that voice sounding whenever he kissed her. Jinks broke off the kiss and leaned down to kiss Robert on the forehead that woke up and eyed him with Human blue eyes not crying at all which he sighed recognizing his son wanted to see him leave like he always have done regardless of being held by Katherine or not. Jinks without a word left the bedroom sensing himself filmed as usual through familiar camera domes above and followed as usual by Snowball which he took a route to the dining room where the King was there nose in newspapers. He sighed going to sit down in his familiar spot and took his time eating his food and drinking his daily meal and recalled convincing the King that he lived on one meal a day with exceptions of getting more nourishment if his body needed it. He once finished eyed the King to see he was reading the familiar three newspapers including the one owned by the High Council. 
Jinks sighed softly recalling Ramses blaring in his mind yesterday "I'm noticing some First Ones getting a hold of the Great Written News newspaper through Highlanders giving them despite the High Council not approving of that and wanted to know what I could do towards the Highlanders doing that giving stunt." 
Jinks continued to remember Ramses kept blaring that the King he mentioned as Guard Kensington was one of those people only to hear the Meritanian grumble in some grumpy voice after a pause that the High Council had approved of the First One to acquire the newspaper and had servants delivering it to him. 
He frowned recalling Ramses add "The newspaper approval was related to the High Council trying to keep Guard Kensington from being tempted to use his voice talent onto the group through various ways as some payment price to keep him from doing that stunt onto them." 
Jinks frowned as he heard a throat clearing noise breaking his reverie which he eyed the King who spoke “Darn if you were late I would have you clean out Snowball’s litter boxes all over the place.” 
He sighed as the King gave up a chuckle sound sensing the male gave up a joke about the cat and refrained from talking as the man continued talking laughing sounds stop “George was cunning having this place set for a cat to travel anywhere it wanted despite doors shut blocking it gaining entrance.” 
Jinks sighed as the King resumed reading the newspaper which he recalled being in the gym room he dubbed it holding a punching bag and padded floors with padded walls doing his karate with door shut watched by Katherine seated in the corner holding an awaken Robert in her arms who also was sensed watching him practice his movements. He remembering heard a metal squeaking sound off his left saw Snowball enter the room through a spot in the wall that froze with eyes staring at him before turning around and darting into the wall while still hearing the metal squeak sound and disappearing out of sight. He went to investigate hearing Katherine laughing and found the cat door that blended with the wall which he opened it to peer inside seeing a tunnel in there. 
He had sighed and remembered speaking out loud “Drat I thought she traveled through other ways instead of this.” 
He recalling assumed that she was like the Meritanians had an ability to transport herself around which he found his theory wrong hence his comment out loud.
He heard from Katherine in the memory “My Uncle George reportedly when he took the King position gave the house an entire makeover along with improving and updating various things around here. I didn’t realize that he also set the house for a cat to travel gaining entrance to various places around here. He favored cats and kept one as pet despite Victoria reportedly allergic and having to take medicine for the sickness.”
Jinks broke his reverie to remember later he went to the bedroom he shared with Katherine as she went to get nourishment for Robert due to him wailing about it to shower and came out to find Snowball seated on the bed that gave off several meows sounding annoyed to him. He remembering had seen Snowball looking at him indicating by her body to follow her which he obeyed going into the closet to find her pawing a pile of clothes fallen off the hanger and found the them blocking a cat door after he removed the items by the cat going into the door in front of him which blended seaming with the wall. He recalled he again heard the familiar metal squeak sound as Snowball disappeared into the cat door which he peered through due to curiosity to see a tunnel and spied Snowball disappearing through another cat door in it which he figured from the looks of the door’s position that it led to outside the hallway. 
Jinks had managed from memory to show Katherine the cat door that sighed and spoke “Yah Uncle George was a tad obsessed with cats due to having one as a pet and even collected cat themed stuff as a kid a habit he broke once he was legally an adult and adopted a live cat always dubbed by some name referred to something related to King Winter’s kingdom. It didn’t matter if the cat had white fur or not regardless of the name.”
Jinks sighed as he broke his reverie to eye the King that set down the newspaper and spoke “Hmph same old story in here. Just nothing new but I keep reading hoping for something new anyway.” 
He didn’t comment as the King added “Eh lets go and get out of here.” 
Jinks obeyed following the King to the oval office going to sit down in the guest chair facing the desk where his father in law always went to sit whenever he was medically fine enough to move around despite undergoing chemotherapy for awhile and wearing a wig for his hair loss. 
He recalled that the King told him "You could sit at the desk’s chair if I wasn’t medically able to hold a meeting and not in the room then you could sit there if you wanted to." 
Jinks eyed the King who spoke appearing to address him “So what are you getting for your wedding anniversary? Its today according to the calendar on the desk as marked.” 
He spoke recalling something and the comment Katherine said to him at awakening “I already gave her the gift sir. It was an entire night’s worth of sleep given to her by Robert not wailing to be fed or needing one of us to hold him as I promised to her that would happen. I kept my promise as a result.”
He leaned back folded his arms as the King spoke “Interesting gift Jinks. I assumed that jewelry would be used for that.” 
He spoke “Actually Katherine put her foot down on the jewelry gift giving. She complained about having too many pieces to wear and didn’t need another one to add to her collection she already has. She points the finger of blame at you for being responsible for her large jewelry collection due to saying that you always were giving her that for her birthday and the Christmas holiday as well for years a habit you stopped when I married her.”
He saw the King rub a hand on his forehead looking a little weary but kept his mouth shut about it as the male spoke “Anyway report on what I missed or what we missed around here.” 
Jinks sighed to hear the familiar reports from Gold and aides reporting the same old news with some differences included as usual at each meeting in the oval office every morning. 
He heard from the King as the male lowered his hand “Oh which reminds me another event on the calendar, Robert’s first birthday. The press has been insisting on gaining a glimpse of him quite hard that the public has joined their campaign at the moment.”
Jinks groaned loudly rolling his eyes and focused onto the King who added “Jinks you can’t hide him forever from the public. Sooner or later you’ll have to reveal him anyway. He’s getting older. I believe by the time we’re done here he’ll be old enough for preschool which is a must for him to go just to make an example to the public watching us as usual.” 
Jinks spoke in a groaning tone “Ugh I gave the public the most talked about wedding and publicized event for them to chatter about due to the public demanding for one.”
He eyed the King who spoke “Lucky for you Jinks. They didn’t demand another wedding after it came out that you married Katherine in a private ceremony.”
He spoke “Actually sir the marriage license signing by the both of us was public at some press conference in the press room due to a certain someone around here insisted on that. I recall this person insisted on doing that public just to make an example of the law due to claimed reports of people not doing that license signing and assuming that ceremonies made them married officially. I wonder where did this person come up with this idea in the first place anyway.”
Jinks narrowed his eyes aimed at the King from memory was the one responsible for the idea and insisting who had resumed folding his arms and willed the Master through seeing the male didn’t flinch from that look as usual instead gave him his familiar golden eyed glare in response. 
He glared at the King who spoke “Anyway skipping the subject and back to Robert I suggest you flaunt him in the press conference room once the press meets there for our monthly question and answer session happening today at one o'clock according to the calendar marked ‘Press meeting one.’. See about getting Katherine to there as soon as the meeting is being held.” 
Jinks gave off an Hmph sound in response and was ignored by the King who continued talking stopping flaring golden eyes “I insist that you, Jinks take this conference. I took the last one and embarrassed myself by fainting in front of them. Press had a field day with that happening. I still point the finger of blame at Katherine for using the voice talent onto me to cause me to faint as a result of some argument I had with her. Hmph she did say something about flashing lights making me faint which happened. I’m still quite upset from that happening and don’t like being fodder for the press anyway.” 
Jinks sighed and didn’t comment a response as the King gave him glare while hearing a throat clearing noise sounding loudly which he spoke figuring that the noises were talk for him to speak “Fine I’ll take the press conference. Just make sure security is doubled up just to avoid anything bad happening to Katherine and Robert being there. I’m still quite paranoid from a jerk torpedoed the limo with some rocket launcher which I got us and the driver out in time despite that happening months ago-”

Jinks was interrupted by Tom speaking "That was the High Council ordering a servant with me body guarding in my Berserker form to fire the torpedo onto your car."
He gave Tom a glare in response feeling himself annoyed with Tom's interruption to find the male speaking again "Just tell the story anyway. Victoria is giving me a familiar look again I don't want to see from her."
Jinks ignored Tom in response and continued onto the story. 

Jinks exhaled a breath willing aside the Master as the King spoke “Well lucky for us that you had mental abilities no Human normally has in control when that torpedo was seen heading towards the limo. It saved our lives.”
Jinks groaned hearing the King’s words for he didn’t want to be reminded of the Darkness a mental ability he hated and was forced to keep in control when traveling out of the White House. He inhaled a breath as the King ordered the meeting over with and heard him gave out a groaning sound before watching the male get up and leave the room followed by his aides as usual as Gold went to the desk seat leaning against it as usual to talk to him about various things in a private talk between the both of them and not shared with anyone else at the General’s insisting. 
Jinks eyed Gold who spoke “How’s Lizette doing lately anyway?”
He spoke finding that Gold’s question was inappropriate for him to talk about “She’s doing fine as usual so don’t ask me again. It’s private and between me and her.”
He glared at Gold who shrugged and spoke “Sorry I had to ask due to being curious about your other offspring not appearing to have inherited your ability to outlive normal Human life spans anyway.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing Gold’s words feeling himself annoyed with the reminder Gold couldn’t stop bringing up after the deathless status ability came out at a previous meeting soon after the car bombing which he admitted that he was the Jinks Montreal on the birth certificate to the offspring born before Robert himself. He recalled the meeting including him telling all in the room about having another mental sense that he had in control enough to see the torpedo coming which according to recorders in the area was too fast for a normal Human to have seen it coming which he got himself, the King and the Driver out of the car in time just prior to it hit the car, exploding in fire.
He glared at Gold who spoke again “Actually I did some research for answering my questions about your offspring just to let you know of it.” 
He spoke “Good. Then don’t ask me again. Just look up the information yourself online and you’ll find tons of websites on me including a bunch of fan made pages.”
He spoke that in memory of himself as governor told by a reporter talking to him in a one on one conversation for his King position campaign about the internet and what was found on there when they looked him up online. 
He glared at Gold who shrugged and spoke “Some of the internet information is rather inappropriate and don’t seem to be the truth hence me asking you point blank about several things from what I found online.” 
Jinks got up as Gold straightened up his form which he unfolded his arms and snarled in a growling tone “I’m not in the mood to talk so excuse me while I go inform my wife of this press conference to be used as Robert’s coming out party. I know her too well that she won’t take the news very well and will be in a bad mood once she hears of it.” 
He left the room unstopped by Gold and went to his bedroom to find Katherine in there reading an apparent book on the Master Organization from the cover seen. He sighed feeling himself annoyed for his attempts to get rid of the book Katherine got from a Peasant had always been shot down by her regardless of his argument insisting. Jinks went to Katherine and kneeled in front of her as she placed the book on her lap and stared at him with a familiar glare. 
He spoke “It’s not about the book this time. It’s about a reported monthly press conference happening today at one o'clock. Your father insisted I take it but this time use it to flaunt Robert to the public in answer to demands for him to be seen.”  
Jinks sighed softly as Katherine’s eyes flared golden followed by her speaking sounding angry “Jeez Jinks, you had to pick a bad day for bringing up that subject. It’s our wedding anniversary and no I haven’t received a gift from you despite having something on hand for you.” 
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “My gift was you to have an entire night’s sleep as promised to you that I would make sure Robert didn’t wake up for feeding or needing us to hold him.” 
He eyed her with a frown as she spoke of sarcasm “Ooh interesting gift you gave me but that doesn’t count for our wedding anniversary.”
Jinks heard the familiar tone in her voice that told him she was upset about something and was taking it out onto him as usual. He groaned and got up to stand with arms folded while staring at her glaring at him. He didn’t say a word instead went to sit on the bed and eyed the clock seeing he had several hours to go before the press conference and figured he’ll sit and just not say anything. Jinks heard Robert’s familiar noises sounding for him to hold him. He sighed and got up from the bed to notice Katherine had resumed reading the book to his disgust. Jinks went to the crib to pick up Robert and held his son in his arms hearing him fuss while having eyes flaring from Master in control to Human back and forth. Jinks sighed knowing what was next as Robert opened his mouth to give off a loud wail while scrunching up his face which he quickly pacified his son with a pacifier keeping it in his mouth hearing the wailing noise sounding muffled. He exhaled a breath and inhaled willing the Master through as usual to eye Robert in the eyes that stopped his noises to stare at him back with all black eyes as a result of his son getting him to put that through by threatening to give off his loud wail noises and wailing whenever his demands wasn’t met. Jinks groaned softly eyeing Robert who brought hands to the hand holding the pacifier in his mouth and appeared to be picking onto it which he knew from memory was his son’s way of getting that thing out of his mouth. He obeyed to yank it out while keeping it pinned to Robert’s top by a string. 
He eyed Robert while thinking to himself “When is he going to get it that sign language is the way to communicate instead of making noises?”
Jinks frowned finding that Robert since two months ago was taught by him to communicate in sign language which was repeatedly used onto him but his son appeared to be not getting it that the signs was communication for his wants instead used various noises instead for his demands. 
He went to the bed to sit leaning back against the headboard and heard from Katherine sounding grumpy “No shoes on the bed Jinks.” 
Jinks sighed at the grumpy tone figured to himself that Katherine’s upset behavior was her too used to waking up to Robert’s noises of him demanding nourishment and wanting his parents holding him as he kicked off his shoes and put his sock feet onto the bed. Jinks eyed Robert while adjusting his son’s form to lie onto him on his front on his stomach and made sure it was in such a way his son wouldn’t slide off if his hands’ released their holds. He sensed Katherine staring at him from the familiar sense going off after she stared at him lengthy. Jinks didn’t comment a response to the staring instead stared at the wall across the bed in front of him while Robert he felt seemed to have fallen asleep by form still and noises stopped which he willed away the Master sensing no reaction from his son to that. Jinks sighed finding himself relieved from no reaction from Robert who usually woken up to wail again with the Master seen flaring in his eyes his demands for his father to have that mental ability in control. Jinks sighed figuring out that Robert had healed enough and grown enough to feel fine judging by no reaction or wake up from his son after the Master was willed away while he was lying on top of him. 
He leaned his head back and heard from Katherine “Jinks, I love you-”

Jinks was interrupted by Tom speaking "Spare me the story of how much love your about to say regarding Katherine. Just tell me something else."
He gave Tom an all black eyed glare in response to find the male slouching into the chair in response and not meeting his eyes. He shifted to look at Victoria who had halted her typing to give him a look he recognized was pleading. Jinks groaned softly and willed aside the Master and grimaced recalling bad memories involving the loss of Katherine and birth of Victoria his daughter after that. He spoke the memories fully in mind as Victoria continued her typing. 

Part Six: Loss

Jinks mediated in the gym room of the penthouse kneeling he recalling his memories of Katherine. He felt himself still upset with Katherine’s death. He recalled she died from cancer the same cancer that killed her cousin Victoria years ago. He groaned remembering that Katherine’s cancer was found too late help her live longer than six months. He struggled to relax as a memory with Robert who bore his face, full grown walking out of the building after an argument with him. He had no idea how long it was since Katherine’s death since Robert’s walkout along with not hearing from his son. He felt himself tired from having a rage episode which he had discovered himself attacking the punching bag. He halted his punching to kneel and mediate which memories of the past had popped up making him sad. He recalled to himself another case of mediating while upset in the gym room a day of hearing Guard Kensington’s death from cancer when Robert was a five year old child. He frowned remembering to himself that Katherine came into the gym room and comforted him by hugging him which he wound up mating with her in the room and one done came out of the gym room to spot Robert in the hallway looking like he was crying. He managed to get Robert to his bedroom and sat in an armchair watching his son sleep till he fell asleep to get a dream of Lance telling him that he should let others do the job of protecting Robert while he protected himself from harm. He had woken up at the moment to stare at the bed his son was in and looked at the window to spot golden eyes appear in front of the window followed by them fading from view. Jinks at the moment realized that his father was correct about that which he recalled meeting the Charon years ago before Robert and figured that they were in the room watching his son. He remembering had got up from the chair and left the room walking to his bedroom where he went to the bed and got in it to sleep with Katherine who cuddled him with her arms around him. Jinks exhaled a breath as the memory went by his mind. He felt sadness hit him hard burst into tears crying out cries of anguish while rocking his form back and forth. He cried and cried till the tears stopped and felt exhaustion hit him which he laid his form on the mat and shut his eyes. He dreamed of Lance again who looked at him with black eyes which he figured out what his father was angry about kneeled on the sand and burst into tears. 
He spoke in a pleading tone “Father.” 
Jinks felt his hair grabbed and his head jerked up followed by a hand on his throat gagging him as his father spoke “I’m not amused that you have forgotten yourself and is letting grief control you. So stop it now or else.” 
He gagged out “Father, please-“
He was interrupted by Lance speaking “I mean it Jinks. Stop this childish behavior and act as I want you to act now.”
He groaned as Lance continued to speak “No wonder your son Robert had to get away from you. He recognized that you were acting improperly and wasn’t doing anything to stop it hence he leaving you.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing his father’s words on his son as Lance continued to speak “Don’t worry Jinks your son will be back but for reasons that’ll surprise you.” 
He groaned as he felt his father force his eyes shut and he came to find himself lying on the mat floor sat up with sadness running through him. He kneeled to stare at the wall slowly forced himself to stand which he went to the mirror and stared at his face and form. Jinks saw he had dark circles underneath his eyes while feeling exhausted and his skin was a pale color looking like he was sick with something. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and slowly walked out of the gym room to the bedroom which he eyed the clock seeing it was eleven o’clock at night. He went to the clock and shut off the alarm then walked to the bathroom going inside to strip himself of his clothes and shoes which were all black, a t-shirt, dressy like pants, sneakers and underwear shorts. He frown feeling himself dirty from not showering for too many days along with his clothes not feeling fresh despite him wearing it all the time for the same amount of days he didn’t shower. He went into the shower stall and turned on the water to heat toleration levels feeling himself better from the water running down him. Jinks grabbed the soap and shampoo and cleansed himself till he felt himself fully clean. He stood in the shower letting the water spray down on him. He sighed to put his face in the shower’s spray with his eyes shut letting the water run down him. He exhaled a breath to lower his head while opening his eyes and staring at the tile which he shut off the water and walked out of the stall to the towel rack which he grabbed a towel. He dried himself fully and spotted a pair of pants hanging on a hook on the door which he went to and grabbed them as he put away the towel. He put on the pants feeling them a bit loose on his form which he walked out of the bathroom to the bed and got in it on his side pulling the blankets over his head. He shut his eyes feeling himself tired enough to sleep felt himself passing out unconscious surrendered to the sleepiness hitting him. 
Jinks woke up hearing the alarm sounding its noises yanked the blankets from his head to glare at the clock seeing it. He frowned seeing it indicate that it was morning around nine o’clock. He checked the date with a verbal order and frowned seeing it struggling to remember if he was asleep for the night or longer. 
He frowned noticing the clock’s computer spoke “Sleep mode time listed now.” 
Jinks waited as he heard a female electronic voice speaking “Thirty six hours.”
He frowned hearing that felt himself no longer tired but wide awake got up from the bed and went into the bathroom to see his clothes he wore previously were gone along with his shoes. He frowned staring at the spot where they were sighed and felt an urge to shower. Jinks obeyed and once done walked out in the buff to the closet to peer inside seeing Katherine’s clothes and shoes gone from there leaving his clothes remaining in it. He groaned going to the dresser to pull out some underwear and socks which he put on his form then grabbed some clothes which consisted of a black t-shirt and pants and put on a pair of sneakers. He felt his hair walked out of the closet to the bathroom to look in the vanity drawer to spot Katherine’s items was gone from on top of the vanity and in the drawers he pulled to look in. He found a hair brush in one drawer he recognized as his, brushed his hair a neat style then walked out of the bathroom after putting the brush down on the sink counter. He walked to the bedroom door and swung it open to spot his butler dubbing himself Harrington with his hair a mop of white standing outside with a familiar expression on his face. He frowned seeing the butler walked out with Harrington following him to the dining room where he sat down at the head of the table and waited as Vanda his female servant with her hair completely white came out of the kitchen carrying a tray which she set in front of him on the table then stood staring at him. He felt himself ravenously hungry ate everything in front of him leaving no bites left and spotted cups full of pink liquid about two of them besides the food which he gulped both of them down then placed each cup on the tray. He sat back in the chair as Vanda removed the tray going into the kitchen. He sighed as he got up wandering out of the dining room to the living room which he looked around feeling like needing a cat to keep him company. He frowned recalling Snowball living with them living at the White House then at the penthouse till she passed away at the time of Katherine’s cancer diagnose. He frowned spotting a small urn on a stand sitting on a shelf which he went to stare at it. 
He saw words on the urn which he read “Snowball, family cat.”
Jinks reached out a hand and gave the urn a gentle rub then frowned spotting a picture frame sitting next to the urn. He stared at the picture inside the frame which was of Snowball sitting back on her haunches eyes staring at the camera view with some happy look in her eyes that made him feel sad. Jinks stiffened recalling himself feeling that way after Katherine’s death. He stiffened further recalling himself holed up in the gym room not coming out for anything like eating food or showering or sleeping. He remembered himself spending an uncertain amount of time till Harrington arrived speaking that Robert was in the lobby and wanted his father there. Jinks remembering grimaced as he recalled leaving the gym room to the lobby to meet his son who angrily confronted him on not taking care of himself and letting grief taking control of him. He had denied doing that by saying that he was fine and nothing wrong with him but just upset about Katherine’s death. His son yelled at him that he was a fool to let grief take control which he got into argument with Robert on that, him denying it while his son was insisting he stop doing that behavior. Jinks frowned as he recalled Robert in the middle of the argument walked out of the building leaving him which he went back to the penthouse and went back into the gym room again doing what his son had told him he was doing. He sighed remembering he had stayed in the gym room with visits from Harrington telling him the date of the day and had refused the butler’s request question for anything else till it was over a month of Robert’s leaving and two months since Katherine’s death. He wandered to his bedroom walking inside to shut the doors going to the wing back chair sitting in the room which he sat feeling himself still sad. He grimace feeling that feeling hitting him leaned his head back and shut his eyes to dream of himself facing Lance who had black eyes in a narrowed glare on his face. Jinks frowned staring at his father who he sensed seemed furious with him which he kept his mouth shut eyes staring at Lance. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “I have something in mind for you. Just wait till you find out what it is. This should keep you busy enough to get a life.” 
He frowned wondering what Lance meant with his words as his eyes were forced shut and he came to find himself back in his bedroom sitting in the wing back chair. He heard the door open looked to see a female wearing a peasant dress looking biracial by her skin color and frizzy hair walk into the room which his eyes followed her process to the chair opposite from him. 
He eyed her warily as she sat in the chair and spoke “Nice to meet you for it’s an honor.” 
He frowned wondering what she was up to as she held up her left hand showing a diamond ring on one of her fingers that gave him a creepy feeling and seeing that the ring looked identical to the one Katherine wore. 
He stiffened as he heard “Father.”
Jinks stiffened further recognizing Robert’s voice as he looked towards the door seeing his son standing in the room that walked up to him to kneel in front of him. 
He frowned seeing Robert had a pleading look on his face who spoke “I like you to meet my wife Samira.” 
He eyed Samira as Robert’s hand gripped his left hand which he felt his son’s hand motions that made him stiffening realizing his son’s purpose. 
He heard a voice in his mind yell “Get over her now!”
Jinks stiffened recognizing the voice as Lance as he felt his son’s attempt to remove the ring from his finger on his left hand with slow success. He yanked his hand from Robert’s hand fisting it seeing the pleading look on his son’s face. He sighed uncurled his hand to bring his other hand to the ring taking it off his finger and held it towards his son. Jinks stared at Robert who appeared to be relieved took the ring from him and placed it on his finger on his left hand. 
Jinks spoke with firmness in the voice tone “I expect you to visit me again next time either with a grandchild or not.” 
He stared at Robert who nodded his head before getting up as Samira got up and he watched the couple leave the bedroom his son gently closing the doors behind him. Jinks sighed again to stare at the floor lost in thought. He got up and went to the window pulling back part of the curtain to peer outside at the scene of buildings in the view. Jinks heard the door open and heard a throat clearing noise. He looked at the door to spot Harrington standing there with a frown on the man’s face.
Jinks walked up to Harrington with a questioning look on his face as the butler spoke “There’s a woman in the lobby who is a messenger carrying some envelope said to give it to you.” 
He sigh walked pass the butler while sensing Harrington not following till he reached the elevator and went inside. He pressed the desired button and felt the elevator’s motions as it went down reaching the desired floor which he walked out to see the Highlander guard standing scattered in the room. He saw one of them gesture towards the doors which he saw a blond haired woman wearing a peasant dress standing with reverence in her eyes seeing him. He walked up to her as she held up an envelope that looked like a card to him which he took. He watched her turn around walking out then took out the card from the envelope. Jinks read the contents seeing it was an invitation to a wedding for a couple at a Master church in Connecticut happening the next day in the afternoon followed by attending the reception after it. 
He sigh put the card back into the envelope and went to a guard which he spoke “Depose this I won’t need it.” 
He saw the guard take the envelope which he went to the elevator and took it to the penthouse. Inside he saw Harrington who looked at him questioningly. 
He spoke “Just some invitation for a wedding and reception I won’t be attending.” 
He saw Harrington’s eyes narrow with disapproval in them which he shrugged off. Jinks went to the gym room feeling an urge to do karate halted in front of the doors. He groaned remembering himself holed up in the gym room letting grief take control of him. With a loud groan he walked inside and went to the mirror to stare at himself which he saw the dark circles were gone from him along with his pale sick skin look. He looked around the room and then went in the middle to do a karate pose. He allowed himself to do the motions of karate while sensing himself filmed by cameras in the room till he felt himself tired ended his motions with a bow towards the mirrored wall. Sighing he walked out of the room and headed to his bedroom which inside he went to the wing back chair which he sat down and stared at his hands. He raised his head till his eyes were staring at the ceiling and felt pressure on his lap followed by a mew sound. Jinks looked down with a jerk seeing a black cat standing on his lap rubbing its head on his hand. He eyed the cat and with a hand rubbed its back feeling the back area arch underneath his hand. He felt himself some happiness as the cat gave him attention with him petting it in response. 
Jinks sensed from the cat that it was a female which he thought to himself “I’ll call you Sam.”
He petted Sam on the back as the cat moved putting front paws on his front and rubbed her face on his face that made him feel better from the attention he was getting. He rubbed Sam’s back as she licked his face with her rough tongue and rubbed her face on his face. He lifted up the cat and held her as he stood up feeling her give off rumbling vibrations that told him she was purring and seemed content being held. With a sigh he carried Sam out of the bedroom walking to the dining room where he heard faint laughter sounding from the kitchen. He felt the cat squirm in his arms with purring stopped that told him she wanted to be put down which he obeyed. Jinks walked into the kitchen to hear laughter sounds from the servants that abruptly cut their chatter with frowns on their faces seeing him. He heard a meow sound from his left to look down seeing Sam eating from food bowls sitting on the kitchen floor which he looked up at the servants who he saw was frowning at him. 
Jinks spoke “The cat?”
He stared at the servants as Harrington spoke “She’s yours.” 
He frowned to nod his head and then spoke “Call her Sam.”
He saw the servants all nod their heads as he without a word walked out of the kitchen to the dining room. He stood outside the door and again heard chatter sounding in low tones with words not understood. Jinks wandered around the penthouse till he went to his bedroom and flopped himself on the bed on his stomach burying his head on the pillow. He shut his eyes to dream of himself standing outside facing an apartment building he recognized as the one he lived in, in Wethersfield staring at a window. He saw himself looking teenaged old standing in the window view inside the apartment holding up a pill bottle with an upset look on the face before pulling the blinds down. He remembered the time as himself with the pill bottle dart around the apartment to the front door. Jinks used his powers to open the front door which he walked inside to see his mother sitting in an armchair that looked up from writing in a book with shock on her face. 
He turned to her direction and signed “Come with me, your son needs you.”
He saw his mother’s eyes widen who dropped the book onto the floor before darting towards him running past him going up the stairs with him giving chase. He saw his mother at the bedroom door hand on the doorknob which he reached her tapped her on the shoulder and gestured for her to move aside. His mother obeyed which he willed himself calm used his powers to open the door which opened ajar followed by her running inside the room. Jinks turned around and walked down the stairs going to the front door which he walked out closing the doors shut behind him. He blinked his eyes to find himself standing on a grassy field and sensed a cave entrance behind him which his eyes focused on a spot in the field. He saw a man with Roosevelt’s looks on a horse heading towards his direction appearing to not notice him right away. Jinks waved a hand ordering the man to look towards him which he saw the man’s eyes shift towards him that widen seeing him. He made a come gesture watching as the man got off his horse and walked towards him which he backed up going into the cave as the man followed. 
Jinks jerked his eyes open with a gasp remembering getting a vision of Lance lying in the cave and the man inside the cave seeing his father’s body lying there before darting out of view. He rolled over to sit up feeling shock running through him. With a sigh he eyed the clock seeing it was early evening felt himself sleepy got up from the bed and went into the bathroom where he yanked off his clothes and shoes leaving them piled on the floor. He grabbed his pajama pants off the hook from the bathroom door and put them on. Jinks rubbed a hand through his hair and went to the bedroom out of the bathroom to his bed which he yanked back the blankets. He eyed the bed with relief got into it and threw the blankets over his head as he turned on his left side and shut his eyes. He dreamed of the beach facing his father who still had that black eyed glare on his face. Jinks frowned seeing his father glaring at him which made him nervous. 
He stared at his father who spoke “I have plans and that requires you attending that wedding and the reception following it you were invited to.”
He groaned softly and felt Lance’s hand on his throat gagging him. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “I expect you to attend that wedding and reception with no protest from you or you’ll suffer my wrath.” 
He gagged as Lance’s grip became tight with a growling sound heard from his father as he felt his eyes forced shut. Jinks heard the sound of the alarm blaring yanked the blankets off his form to glare at the clock seeing it was early morning. With a groan he forced himself to get up from bed and went into the bathroom to shower. Jinks walked out in the buff heading to the closet which once inside he pulled some dressy black clothing and put them on. Jinks sat on the bench and grabbed a pair of dress shoes in the color black which he put on his feet covering his socked feet. He ran fingers through his hair and sigh feeling like needing a hair brush which he went left the closet and went into the bedroom heading to the bathroom. Once inside he brushed his hair and walked out to the bedroom doors to see Harrington at his familiar position with the familiar look on his face after opening the doors. Jinks walked to the dining room without a word and sat down. He frowned as Vanda came out of the kitchen carrying a cup full of pink liquid which she set in front of him. He stared at the cup with a frown then reached with a hand and brought the cup to his lips drinking it all down then used the napkin to wipe his mouth. 
Jinks got up and heard Harrington speak “The car is ready for you in the garage to take you to where you need to go.”
He shrugged and went to the elevator pressing a button for the garage which went down with a humming sound. He frowned as the elevator did its descending. Jinks sigh as the elevator reached the garage floor which he walked out walking among cars and spotted the familiar Highlander driver standing in front of a limo who seeing him opened one of the limo’s doors. He walked towards the limo and got inside it hearing the driver slam the door behind him. Jinks sat leaning back eyes staring out the window hearing the limo driver start up the car and felt the motion of the vehicle moving out of the garage to outside going among traffic. He shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep and felt no urge to sleep hit him which forced him to open his eyes. He stared out the window as the limo drove through the city, the state and reached Connecticut state lines by the sign saying it. Jinks stared at the scenery with a frown on his face as the limo drove through the state then reached a parking lot which it parked followed by the car engine shutting off. He stared at the parking lot holding cars and people scattered around as the driver got out of the car slamming the door shut. He saw a white building that appeared to be the back of a church facing in his direction as the driver opened the car door which he got out. Jinks noticed the people scattered around looking in his direction all having reverence in their eyes. He walked towards the church and found a sidewalk pathway while hearing people following in and felt himself being filmed. He spotted a woman dressed in black standing away at the end of the pathway holding a camera like object in her hands aimed at him whom he felt was still aimed at him as he walked on the pathway to the church’s entrance. 
He saw a sign in front of the church words saying “Master Lance Richard: Place of Worship.”
Jinks sigh and walked inside to see people were already in pews sitting chatting among each other whose chatter became whispering seeing him. He saw two aisles with pews at the sides with people gathered mostly sitting in the pews between the aisles. He saw in front of the pews hanging on the wall was a large tapestry of Lance Richard with a pulpit in front of it. He heard a throat clearing noise besides him looked to see a man dressed in a suit that gestured towards the pews with his head that told him the man was an usher. Jinks followed the usher to the front of the pews and through an aisle to a pew where he was gestured to sit which he obeyed hearing whispering from people behind him talking about him as the Master being here at the wedding. Jinks frowned wondering what Lance had in mind for him to be here attending. He heard chatter change from him to talk about a woman named Elsa who was cursed by the Master to be deaf and have a teenaged appearance despite being a thirty year old as he sensed someone sit next to him on the pew. Jinks stiffened as he felt a hand small but feminine grip his left hand which he looked on his left to stare at a female with brown hair pulled partly back showing her ears that had devices in them. He saw the female he assumed was Elsa looking at him with a hurt look in her blue eyes on her freckled face which he brought his other hand to her hand gripping his to gently rub it in a soothing motion. Jinks felt himself filmed looked away to grimace and heard music sounding followed by chatter stopping. He felt the filming stop twisted his form to look beyond the aisle on his left seeing Elsa doing the same to watch the wedding procession. He saw a man wearing a brown robe with a golden belt around his waist walk in the aisle that told him it was the priest. He saw two men looking alike appearing to be twins single file behind the priest wearing suits with different ties walk to the front of the church to stand. Jinks heard the music change as a woman with brown hair wearing a purple dress walked down the aisle holding flowers in her hand followed by the music again changing. He felt Elsa standing up pulling him as the other people stood up. Jinks watched as the bride he assumed entered the church walking down the aisle with an old man escorting her which he assumed was her father. He watched the bride and her father walk to the front of the church reaching the group standing there. He felt Elsa sit down as the people sat which he sat down and watched the wedding.
He heard the priest speak “Who gives the bride to servant of the Master?”
He listened as the old man spoke “Her mother and I do.” 
Jinks watched as the old man removed part of the bride’s veil off uncovering her face showing it identical to the woman in the purple dress then kissed the female on the cheek before walking away to sit at a pew. Jinks listened as the priest ordered the rings to be brought which he saw one of the men standing besides the bride and groom he assumed step forwards to hand the priest the rings. He watched remembering his wedding to Katherine seeing it was a similar scene with the rings exchanged but discovered a difference with the bride and groom saying words about pledging their love to each other as servants of the Master. This was followed by the priest announcing them as married which he watched the bride and groom kiss each other on the lips to hear applause by the crowd of people behind him. He smiled a small smile as the bride and groom walked to the aisle on his right walking past him followed by the woman in the purple dress and the man in the suit who gave the rings. He sighed as he felt a tap on his arm by Elsa who he looked at. 
He stared at Elsa who spoke in an accent that took him a moment to decipher “I want to talk to you in private in your car. Can we do that?”
He nodded his head hearing the Master within him roaring and figured that Lance would agree to this. He released his hold on her hand and followed her out of the pew and out of the church to the parking lot. On the way he again felt himself being filmed ignored the sensation to reach the parking lot which he walked to the limo with Elsa following. He reached the car as his driver opened the door and he got inside with her following him. He felt the door slam shut behind her felt an urge to mate hit him which he leaned over and placed a hand on her cheek and brought his mouth to her lips seeing her eyes closed as he did that. 
He heard Lance’s voice speaking “She has reproductive organs that create a child missing and has deafness.”
Jinks broke off the kiss to gently lower her onto the floor which he kneeled to free himself from his clothes as she lifted her dress and tore part of her underwear giving him access. He laid his form on top of Elsa and entered her breaking a barrier while hearing her gasp. He thrust in rhythm feeling a dam burst inside him as a deadness feeling went away followed by charges of pleasure hitting him that made him feel alive again each time he entered her. Jinks eyed Elsa whose eyes were closed with her head up neck bared. He lowered himself to bring his lips to her throat kissing while thrusting inside her. With a gasp Jinks spilled himself inside Elsa while hearing her give off a moaning in a pleasant tone. He felt his urge leave him kissed her cheek then pulled out of her to sit on the seat adjusting his clothes covering himself while watching Elsa adjust her dress. He saw her sit next to him willed the Master through gesturing to her to look at him which she obeyed. 
He felt himself floating above to see his body change into Lance who spoke “I never cursed you but made you unique. Someone is seeking you as his. You’ll know soon enough.”
Jinks felt himself back in his body staring at Elsa feeling the Master willed away from him. He saw her nod her head as she got out of the limo which he leaned back against the seat hearing the car door slam followed by another car door opening. Jinks eyed Elsa out the window to spot the man in the suit that gave the rings to the priest walk up to her gently taking her arm pulling her to a limo getting her inside with him following. He frowned recalling the man’s eyes eyeing Elsa as the man walked up to her realizing that the man was in love with her. He felt the car start eyed the limo carrying Elsa drive out of the parking lot with his limo following. Jinks watched the scenery with interests and discovered there was familiarity with it. He frowned straightening his form seeing the scenery looked familiar till the limo drove onto a parking lot pass a building that shocked him remembering it. He recalled going inside the building the reception room for a party honoring a high school coach and grimaced remembered the rude reception he got from the party people. Jinks frowned as the limo stopped at the parking lot which he waited till the driver came out to open his door before climbing out of the vehicle. He walked inside the building to spot everything looked familiar except the receptionist was a female Highlander that looked at him with reverence in her eyes as she pointed to a set of doors while gesturing with her head. Jinks nodded his head getting her gestures went to the doors opening it to enter a hallway. He saw the man that took Elsa’s arm standing in the hallway looking angry while glaring at the floor while in front of a door. 
Jinks walked up to the man and spoke “She’ll know if you tell her how you feel.”
He saw the man look up with surprise followed by shock in the man’s eyes and expression. He stared at the man who composed himself then walked to the door going inside. Jinks willed the Master through shut his eyes raising a hand to see an overhead view of the room he saw was a small sitting room with a fireplace. He saw the bride and groom were on a couch making out as Elsa was sitting on another couch with the woman in the purple dress both having bored expressions on their faces. He watched as the man he talked to walked up to Elsa and bent down kissing her on the lips then kneeled in front of her. 
He saw disbelief on Elsa’s face and spoke out loud “Elsa, he is the one seeking you.” 
Jinks saw Elsa’s face turn to shock as if hearing him and watched as the man kneeling at her feet talked to her with her face becoming range of emotions. This was followed by the man getting up to bent down and kissed Elsa on the lips whose hands touched the man’s cheeks. Jinks felt the Master willed away from him opened his eyes lowering his hand. He heard multiple gasps sounds on his right looked to see a crowd of people staring at him with reverence in their eyes and ranges of emotions on their faces. Jinks frowned seeing them turned and walked further down the hallway to the doors to the reception room which he opened while sensing the people were following him. He entered the reception room seeing people noticing him who’s verbal chatter became whispering. He sensed himself filmed again spotted the woman standing nearby with camera aimed at his direction. Jinks went to the tables to be stopped by a waiter who gestured to follow him. He wordlessly obeyed as the waiter led him to a table which he spotted Lance Richard’s name on a card between Elsa’s name and the name of Thomas. Jinks looked at the table walking around it reading the names recognizing the names of the Bride and Groom from the invitation card and figured that the man he talked to name was Thomas which he went back to his setting. Jinks felt himself still filmed reached with a hand and took the card with Lance’s name off the plate and switched it with Elsa’s name putting her next to Thomas then sat down. He folded his arms figuring that the waiters would try to undo his switch hence he having to guard his job. He heard a sound of a bell looked behind him to see a waiter holding a bell ringing it and watched people go to tables to sit. Jinks heard a female voice amplified by microphone sounding off his right which he looked to see a band with a female in front of it speaking in the microphone.
He heard the female speak “May I present Thomas Frazer!”
He heard applause as he looked at the entrance to the room to spot the man he talked to arrive into the room holding Elsa’s hand. He watched as Thomas he assumed put an arm around Elsa and kissed her on the lips while dipping her. 
He heard multiple sounds of “Whoo!” 
He saw out of the corners of his eyes a waiter do a double take look then scratch his head before walking out of sight. Jinks clapped along the people as Thomas broke off the kiss and escorted Elsa to the table. 
He heard the female announcer say “May I present Maid of Honor Yessenia Ajax!”
He stiffened hearing the name Ajax as the woman dressed in the purple dress entered the room that curtsied to the crowd then made her way to the table where he was at. 
He again heard the female announcer speak “May I present Mr. and Mrs. Thad Frazer!”
He watched as people stood up which he followed their example and clapped as the bride and groom entered the room that stopped to kiss each other on the lips with the groom dipping the bride. Jinks kept his eyes on the bride and groom watching them make their way to the table as people on the way patted them on the shoulders and shook hands with the groom. He sighed as the couple made their way to the table and sat which he followed their example and sat down. He saw Thomas get up heading towards the band stand and watched the man reached the microphone while holding a champagne flute in his hand. 
Jinks frowned watching as Thomas spoke into the microphone “I like to toast my twin brother Thad and his new wife Yanet on their marriage.”  
He saw people in his eyes sight stand up picking up champagne flutes in their hands which he looked at the table and spotted a glass of water which he picked up and stood.
He again heard Thomas speak “May you and Yanet have many years together filled with lots of nieces and nephews.” 
He heard laughter sounding among the crowd as Thomas paused then added “Salute to you both.” 
Jinks watched Thomas take a drink from the flute which he took a sip from his cup full of water and saw the man make his way to the table where he sat down. He sat putting down the cup of water as waiters carrying plates of food which were set in front of people. He sighed as a waiter placed a plate full of food in front of him which he felt himself hungry grabbed the silverware and began eating taking his time. He heard scattered chatter of people talking in the room as he ate and drank from the cup full of water. His half paid attention to their conversation he heard was about the wedding and about how smitten Thomas the groom’s brother was with Elsa best friend to Yanet and her twin sister Yessenia. Jinks once finished with the food sat back in the chair to eye Thad and Yanet appearing to done with their food and were having a whispering conversation while facing each other. He could tell that they were in love with each other by their eyes staring at each other which reminded him of his time with Katherine giving him identical looks in her eyes. This made him grimace inwardly from the memories running through him. He turned his attention towards Elsa and Thomas he saw were having a sign language conversation with their plates empty of food. He read their talk was about Thomas admitting to being smitten with Elsa the moment he laid eyes on her after his brother introduced them at the engagement party a few months ago and hasn’t have the courage to admit that till now. Jinks looked away and felt a tap on his shoulder on his left. He looked to see an old man bent down towards him. 
The old man spoke “You mind getting up to talk to me? I have a bad back which being in this position doesn’t help me at all.” 
He obeyed getting up to stand as the old man straightened his form. 
He stared questioningly at the old man who spoke “The name’s Winston Frazer, father of the groom and his twin brother Thomas.”
Jinks nodded his head towards the man Winston who paused then spoke “Thomas recently a few days before the wedding admitted to me that he was smitten with Elsa Edwards, best friend of his brother’s wife and hasn’t had the courage to do anything about it.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Winston paused then added “I was in the hallway when I overheard you telling Thomas to admit his love to Elsa and saw Elsa’s reaction to my son kissing her after they entered the room. I figured that you had something to do with Elsa accepting Thomas and it must be the contents of the private conversation you had with her while in your limo.” 
Jinks again nodded his head as Winston kept talking “Whatever you and Elsa talked about isn’t my business but your words seemed to have made her happy judging by the look on her face after she left your limo. I thank you for that.” 
He stared at Winston who held up his hand while speaking “Judging by the looks of things I wouldn’t be surprised if there’s another wedding in the future with Thomas smitten with Elsa. Thanks for playing matchmaker.” 
He smiled a small smile at Winston and shook the man’s hand then he let go to watch Winston walk to another table and sit down next to an old woman. He sighed and sat down watching as waiters taking plates empty of food away and continued to look around the room watching people chatter with each other. He again sighed as he heard a bell ringing noise and looked at his left to see a waiter walk into the room from a double door ringing a bell followed by a five tier cake pushed on a cart by a female waiter. He watched as Thad and Yanet walked into his eyes sight heading towards the cake and saw the camera woman nearby camera aimed at the couple. He kept his eyes on the couple as they both cut a slice of the cake then fed each other bites of the slice then went to sit down as the waiter pushed the cake through the double doors he spotted was a kitchen inside. He sighed again remembering his wedding to Victoria involved the cake cutting ceremony with a frown running through him. Jinks again sighed as waiters came into view carrying plates holding cake slices to set in front of people. He stared at the cake slice as it was set in front of him with distaste running through him remembering the last time he ate cake turned out to be poisoned which got him sick. 
He heard a growling sound within his mind as an image of Lance with all black eyes flashed in his mind followed by his father’s voice speaking in an angry tone “You’re eating the cake period.”
With a groan he picked up the spoon and cut off a piece of cake and brought it to his mouth chewing it to discover it reminded him of the cakes he would eat on Halloween when his mother was alive with him over the years which stopped after she was assassinated. He found the cake tasted well ate the whole thing leaving only crumbs on his plate then sat back in the chair to look around the room. He heard the band start its music followed by the female announcer singing a song he heard was about love. He turned his attention to Thad and Yanet who got up from their seats to the wooden floor and began dancing with hands clasped in front of each other in a slow dance. He saw the camera woman filming them dancing as other people joined the couple to dance he recognized were waltzes from his past wedding with Victoria years ago. He sighed again watching as Thomas and Elsa joined the people and was copying Thad and Yanet with their dancing motions. He looked around the room till his eyes fell on Yessenia seeing she looked sad by the look on her face watching the people dance and felt an urge to dance which he got up and went around the table towards the woman. He reached Yessenia tapped her on the shoulder which got her to look at him. 
Jinks spoke holding out a hand “Care to dance with me?”
He saw Yessenia’s sad look went away from her face but the sadness remained in her eyes as she nodded her head and placed her hand on his which he pulled her up from the table and led her to the dance floor. Jinks remembering his dancing with Victoria set up Yessenia’s hands and arms position into a waltz which he danced with her while seeing she seemed to be okay with it. He felt himself filmed as he danced with Yessenia ignored the sensation and felt the filming stop till he felt a tap on his right shoulder halted the dance to look. 
He frowned seeing an Asian male who seemed familiar with parts of his ears cut and long black hair wearing a military blue dress uniform that spoke in a Highlander accent “May I cut in?” 
He heard Yessenia shriek “Ryan! You came!”
Jinks felt Yessenia let go of him to dart towards the Asian male Ryan he assumed hugging him who kissed her on the lips a long kiss. He sighed and went to sit down watching Ryan and Yessenia have a whispered conversation after breaking off their kiss with their hands clasped in front of each other while repeatedly doing lip kissing on and off. He eyed Ryan frowning to himself wondering why the male was familiar to him and stiffened as he recalled his son Ajax with a Highlander female looking identical to the Asian which confused him. He frowned wondering if Ajax had children only to recall a previous conversation with Lance which flashed in his mind. 
Jinks remembering told by Lance "The High Council raised Ajax your son to be trained as an assassin who was sent back in time by some time travel gate that was destroyed after Ajax went through to assassinate you holding the U.S. government position of King but didn’t follow through with the assassination. Your son wound up shooting himself in the head with a gun that only knocked him out but didn’t cause any medical damage who at awakening later pointed out the High Council’s home base location as the Australia Atoll before being taken away." 
Jinks frowned to himself remembering that according to Lance "Ajax was brought to the Zesky Hospital and put in a frozen sleep with their machinery there which they would wake him once relations between Humans and the High Council were on peaceful terms." 
Jinks sighed remembering another previous conversation with Lance saying "Ajax had been waken up and released from the Zesky Hospital to a Master army group in Connecticut and was given the name of Ryan with Ajax as his last name." 
He frowned recalling the female announcer announcing Yessenia’s name with Ajax as her last name and stared at the couple Ryan he figured was his son and Yessenia still having their whispering conversation figuring out that they were married to each other. He frowned as the female singer finished her song followed by the music ending which he saw people on the dance floor going to their seats at tables. He sat watching as his table companions joined him at the table with Yessenia and Ryan sitting next to each other still holding hands ignoring him staring-

Jinks was again interrupted by Tom giving off a sound of disgust loudly. 
He formed a glare at Tom who spoke noticing his glare "Ramses blared to me to have me interrupt you if you went further into how lovey dovey his words regarding Ajax towards that First One. The High Council is eavesdropping onto this talk via the Meritanians."
He heard in response blaring in his mind "Not eavesdropping. Just listening via recorders actually." 
Jinks didn't comment a response to Ramses' blaring instead ignored the Meritanian that quit mind scanning him and continued his story recalling Victoria's existence.

Part Two: Birth

Jinks heard a crying noise breaking his reverie of lying in bed with a small form of a baby moving on top of him. He sighed to recall himself raping a female in front of his guards in the elevator unstopped. Jinks sighed again feeling Victoria his daughter by the female dubbed Natasha who had a husband that came into the lobby with Builder eyes seen.
He recalled the husband with Builder eyes speaking "You're raising the offspring by yourself as its father with no help from me or my wife. I won't press charges for the rape against Natasha or cheating done by her if you do what I tell you."
Jinks recalled to himself forced to agree by the guards speaking "He'll do what you say Sir."
He felt Victoria settle into a sleeping pattern to sigh recalling Natasha had a twenty four hour pregnancy while lying in the lobby after moved from the elevator. He recalled Natasha had fallen into her pregnancy sleep once in the lobby after he was done with his sexual act onto her. Jinks sighed to rub a hand on Victoria's back who remained sleeping as he leaned against the headboard recalling he handed the baby from the medics once she was born. He recalled walking away while carrying Victoria Katherine as he named her as if compelled to go into the elevator. He continued to recall Natasha's husband gave up an odd name of Madisoni and was heard speaking Builder's chatter once Victoria was born. He discovered via translations on his recording that Madisoni voice ordered him to take the baby and walk away which he obeyed. Jinks didn't say word in response towards the walk away order as if remembering it. He felt Victoria had settled into a passed out sleeping status that she could be moved into the crib. He got up carrying a still sleeping Victoria. Jinks put Victoria in the crib and then went to the bed to lay his form on it. He fell asleep passing out unconscious. 
Jinks dreamed of Katherine lying in bed looking pale and sick with Robert standing next to the bed holding one of her hands. 
He frowned as Katherine spoke “Robbie something to tell you.”
He saw Robert nod his head as Katherine continued “My cousin Victoria I confess isn’t really my cousin but my twin sister.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Katherine kept talking “There’s a Drainer named Hades who back then raped a female Human that was a mate of a male Builder. She had twins my sister and me. Her husband had a belief that the father of his mate’s children raises the kids with no help from the mother or her intended mate. Victoria and I were put up for adoption which we both were adopted separately by George Kensington and his brother Guard. Our fathers were aware that we were twins kept this as a family secret but shared it with us on our twelfth birthday.”
He frowned as Robert hissed out a breath as Katherine continued to speak “Victoria had an obsession with a male when she was fifteen years old which she passed to me. The obsession she had took hold on your father Jinks Montreal who she discovered through some people selling their religious beliefs to her. She shared this with me and we both swore that we would have your father as our husband a vow I kept for Victoria after she passed away.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as Katherine gave out violent coughing sounds as Robert he saw leaned down putting a hand on her forehead followed by her form becoming still with eyes shut. He watched as Robert removed his hand to let go of Katherine’s hand to stare at her and then he saw with shock as Katherine’s form shredded backwards showing in its place was a female Charon that sat up with a jerk. He saw Robert back up from the bed with a jerking motion as a male Charon appeared from view to place a hand on the female Charon’s shoulder speaking in foreign language a long chat talk. He eyed Robert that backed from the bed darting out of the room which he followed floating through the hallway to the gym room which his son stopped at the doors with form shaking. He watched as Robert appeared to compose himself opened the door and walked into the room. 
Jinks heard a crying sound in a compelling tone jerked his eyes open sitting up in bed yanking the blankets off of him. He again heard the crying sound which he identified as Victoria sounding likes she was both upset and hungry which he darted up from the bed to the fridge grabbing a milk bottle. He darted towards the crib to lift Victoria up who stopped her crying which he went to the wing back chair and sat thrusting the bottle’s nipple in her mouth that sucked the contents with no complaints. Jinks frowned as the contents of the dream he had ran through his mind with the scene of Katherine’s talk to Robert and she changing into a Charon went through him. He felt confusion running through him remembering his dream as Victoria stopped her sucking the bottle. He saw that the bottle was empty set it aside on the table and gently burped Victoria then rocked the baby seeing her look sleepy and heard a sound of a voice singing in foreign language that sounded like a Charon which he looked up and looked around the room seeing no one there. He continued to hear the Charon sing noises that sounded like a feminine voice and he looked down at Victoria who seemed to be lulled to sleep with her form stopped squirming becoming still with her chest moving up and down. Jinks felt himself sleepy yawned and got up from the chair to the crib which he gently placed Victoria down and then went to his bed. He got inside hearing the Charon continue her singing which he threw the blankets over his head and shut his eyes. Jinks dreamed of the beach to seeing himself standing behind his father who was facing the water. He reached out a hand and stiffened halting his hand as his father gave off crying sounds in a sad tone. 
Jinks heard his father speak in a weepy voice “Jinks, how I regret not able to father you.”
He frowned hearing his name spoken and continued to listen as his father spoke again “I felt something was missing from me the moment I lost you to the High Council begged Jacinda my love, my mate who I cherish to teach me how to save your life with a great amount of begging. She agreed and taught me how which I used to keep you alive to give you a second chance at living. I felt the feeling the moment you woken in my body form.” 
He frowned listening as his father continued to speak “I didn’t know what the feeling was when I felt it towards you, Jinks but I now realize what it is. It’s the Humans call love they feel towards their children, their mates and their parents and others. I feel it running through me and I cherish it towards you. I just hope to someday tell you about the feeling I have towards you.”
Jinks stared at his father who cut off his talking to give off crying sounds followed by Lance squatting with form shaking. He eyed his father as blackness arrived found himself back in bed sitting up with a jerk. He heard crying sounds in Victoria’s voice sounding like she was upset which he got up from the bed and went to the crib to lean into it putting a hand on her stomach. He eyed Victoria who cried harder which he feeling desperate lifted her up carrying her to the wing back chair which he sat and cradled the baby to his chest. Jinks stared at Victoria feeling some weird feeling hitting him. He eyed the baby as she appeared to calm down from her wailing. He frowned as the feeling got strong hitting him as some deadness went away from him followed by aliveness hitting him. Jinks stared at Victoria with shock realizing that the feeling was a fatherly love towards his daughter who wanted it from him hence she upset. He bent down and kissed Victoria on the forehead and leaned back in the chair eyes still on her seeing her smile a cute smile with eyes open seeing a happy look in them while giving off cooing noises in a happy tone. 
Jinks mentally spoke "Just hope I have a purpose in life other than just raising you."

Jinks heard nothing in response to his wording as Victoria continued on typing she ignoring him. He eyed his daughter typing onto the laptop a full grown woman age twenty six two years older than his forever age of twenty four. He sighed as Victoria looked up with her familiar pleading expression on her face. Jinks groaned and spoke firmly of what his memory got in his mind.

Part Seven: Purpose in Life 

Jinks sat in the dining room lost in thought while frowning he recalling his words he spoken about a purpose in life. He recalled it was a year since Victoria's birth he thought his words. He sensed Robert come into the room and sit at the table sniffling loudly breaking his thinking. 
He frowned as Robert blurted “Samira was admitted to the hospital suffering some sickness. Tests turned out to be uterine cancer and she had her uterus removed. It turns out through tests that all the doctors had to do was remove the cancerous growth and not her uterus.”
He frowned as Robert gave off a loud sniffle before continuing talking “The Doctor Neil Quinebaug did this testing misdiagnosed Samira hence the operation. I heard from a nurse that Quinebaug did this misdiagnose on purpose which I tried to consult a lawyer about suing him. I was told by the lawyer group McBroom and Associates that there’s nothing they can do according to state law that protects medical people from being sued in court.”
He looked at his son Robert who’s eyes were downcast as his son continued “I went to the hospital to confront Quinebaug on the misdiagnose who acted like he was happy to do it and refused to give an apology despite I insisting on it. Quinebaug in response threatened to call security to have me thrown out of the hospital if I didn’t leave his presence which I left and went to here to complain to you about this.”
Jinks frowned hearing Robert’s words as he recalled himself "I have mental abilities dubbed Master. I'll put the doctor to death as my purpose for the misdiagnose."
He spoke “Robert stay put in the penthouse. I’ll go handle the doctor.” 
Jinks got up and went to the kitchen going inside to spot Gustav his new butler there with the other two servants he recalling got them after getting Victoria newly born into the residence. 
He ordered “Gustav have a car ready to transport me to the hospital so I can visit Samira and see about getting her released from there.” 
He glared at Gustav who nodded his head then went to a console in the wall while putting on a headset and heard the butler speak “The Master requests a car for transport. Have it ready immediately.” 
Jinks heard a pause followed by Gustav hanging up the headset before turning to face him and speaking “The car will be ready for you in the garage room. Just go there.” 
He nodded his head and left the kitchen going to the dining room. 
Jinks paused from walking to speak eyeing Robert “Watch Victoria for me while I’ll handle getting Samira released from the hospital.”
He heard Robert speak “I want to come along with you.”
Jinks snarled a growl willing the Master to glare at his son who formed a frown on his face. 
He moved his hands signing in sign language “You presence will complicate what I’m planning to do at the hospital and I don’t need you underfoot.” 
Jinks saw Robert open his mouth added with sign language the sign for doctor and running a finger across his throat and narrowing his eyes aimed at his son. Jinks glared at Robert who widened his eyes before nodding his head and then slouching lower in the chair while folding his arms looking dejected. He willed the Master away and left the dining room taking a route to the garage room to find a Highlander driver standing next to a sedan who opened the car door seeing him. He got inside the car and placed on his seat belt and looked out the window hearing the driver start up the car. He glared out the window as the car drove to the hospital and parked in the parking lot followed by the driver getting out and opening his car door. He walked inside the hospital to see the lobby with a receptionist at the desk and went to it. 
He spoke as he reached the female receptionist looking at him with a pleasant look “I’m here for Samira Kensington I’m told is a patient of the hospital.” 
He waited as the lady typed on her computer laptop before confirming his words and speaking the room number and the location to it. He nodded his head and left the receptionist heading towards the elevators to stop in front of one while pressing a button in the wall. He stood with arms folded waiting as the elevator arrived with a ding sound showing no one inside. He went inside and found the buttons for the floors and pressed the desired floor number and felt the elevator go up with its familiar humming noises dinging as it passed floors. Jinks exhaled a breath as the elevator reached the desired floor showing a nurses’ receptionist office facing him which he walked out and found the hallway leading to rooms which he raised a hand and mentally guided himself to Samira’s room which he found her inside sitting on a bed dressed in her clothes looking upset. 
Jinks went to Samira putting arms around her as she spoke in a tearful voice “I want to leave the hospital but Doctor Quinebaug has refused to grant my request and has done the refusing in some laughing rude manner to me.” 
He spoke removing his arms around her “Stay put, Samira, while I’ll go handle the doctor.” 
He heard Samira sniffle as he left her while feeling disgusted. He went to the nurses’ receptionist office to stand glaring at the three nurses there who at first didn’t appear to notice him. He cleared his throat loudly which got the nurses to look from their lap tops to stare at him with annoyed expressions changing to fear looks. 
He spoke in a firm tone “I request to have a talk with Doctor Quinebaug for I’m told that he was rude to my daughter in law when she requested to leave the hospital. This has me furiously angry with his rudeness.”
He saw the nurses still look nervous and stiffened seeing recognition in their eyes. 
He frowned as one nurse spoke “Doctor Quinebaug is currently in his office.” 
He heard her give off a room number and mention where to find it. Jinks shrugged and walked towards the office’s direction passing by a nurse only to feel his arm grabbed which he yanked out of grip to glare at the female nurse who stared at him with recognition in her eyes. 
He glared at her as she leaned forwards whispering “Doctor Quinebaug has been abusing his position for money from patients including doing several misdiagnoses cases on purpose with some of the results in the death of a patient and that has happened too many times already.” 
He nodded his head as the nurse continued to whisper “We’ll look the other way if the Master gives the doctor something permanently deadly and we’ll make it look like it by the doctor’s own hand that killed him.” 
He frowned hearing her use the word Master as she pulled out a locket from underneath her clothes which he stiffened recognizing it as the jewelry worn by members of the Master Organization and saw reverence in her eyes as she waved it then placed it back underneath her clothes. He nodded his head and then walked off sensing the nurse not following him. He found the room with no difficulty to knock on the door and heard the command for entry which he entered the room slamming the door. Jinks frowned with annoyance seeing the doctor was a middle aged man with some grey in his hair while sitting at a desk that looked like it was carved out of very expensive wood. Jinks eyed the room’s contents with disgust running through him to recognize that some of the items were antiques and saw that all appeared to be very expensive from the looks of it. 
Jinks walked up to the desk as the doctor gave off a laugh with some amused look in his eyes before speaking sounding like laughter in the tone “Appears the son sent his father to do his dirty work. That son should know that he like his father can’t do anything to me period.” 
Jinks reached the desk to will the Master through and held up a hand ordering the doctor to choke gagging him. Jinks saw the doctor’s eyes become wide with shock as the doctor brought hands to his throat clawing it while gagging for air. He saw the doctor mouth words he lip read whining about deserving to live which he ignored and curled his hand into a fist while still choking the male. Jinks saw the doctor stand up mentally ordered paralysis to hit the male who fell back into his chair while still choking loudly. Jinks eyed the doctor who rolled his eyes leaning back with head tipped back and form going still which his senses blared telling him it was a trick. He mentally kept the choking order while having his senses cued to the doctor’s life signs he sensed were fading till the doctor gave up a loud gasp and then he sensed the male’s life was gone. He mentally ordered the choking to stop seeing the doctor’s form remain still with no life detected from the body. Jinks willed the Master away from him and left the office walking to Samira’s room. He passed by the nurses’ station he assumed it was called to eye the nurses out of the corners of his eyes look at him with relief looks on their faces as he walked by. He went to Samira’s room and once inside took her arm and guided her clinging to him out of the room to the elevator which he took to the lobby which he guided her to the car and forced her inside. 
He spoke once he was inside the car “Driver, drive us to the Castle.”
He recalled his residence was referred as Castle by the High Council whenever in their presence for meetings on their whims. Jinks heard an agreement from the driver who started up the car and drove it out of the parking lot. Jinks kept his arms around Samira who he heard cried tears sounding like she was relieved by her sounds. He kissed the side of her head as he kept his arms around her as she continued to cry tears. He eyed the scenery as the car drove to the penthouse building going inside to the garage room which stopped which he opened the car door and forced Samira out. He kept his arms around Samira as he guided her to the elevator taking it to the penthouse floor and once inside guided her to the dining room. On the way he heard a loud wailing noise that sounded like Victoria was screeching her cries and sounded upset from her voice tone. Jinks sighed and brought Samira inside the dining room to spot Robert holding a very squirming crying Victoria in his arms who had panic on his face. Jinks released his hold on Samira to go to Robert taking Victoria from him who showed relief on his face followed by shock as his wife grabbed him in a bear hug while crying tears. He held Victoria who placed arms around his neck and sensed her calming down from her crying bout. Jinks watched as Robert and Samira repeatedly kissed each other on the lips while still having arms around each other as they both had expressions of happiness and upset on their faces. He sighed as Victoria gave off noises sounding like she was happy to see him and sensed her being calm while he held her. He again sighed loudly as he figured to himself that Victoria was upset with him gone and wanted him back hence her crying bout and that she’s happy to have that wish granted by how she felt being held in his arms. 
Jinks mentally thought to himself "At least I have a purpose in life involving assassinations-"

Jinks got interrupted by Tom speaking "Purpose in life involving assassinations? Killing people isn't giving you a purpose anyway."
He gave Tom an all black eyed glare in response to find the male speaking "I'm a former assassin. All I had in my life as my purpose was assassinating people. It took Victoria's love for me to realize that she gives me a purpose whether I like it or not."
Jinks looked away towards Victoria to find her giving him her familiar pleading look. He groaned and willed aside the Master and began speaking. 

Part Four: Past Catches Up

Jinks came from a dream of to find himself lying on a metal bed with no clothes on his form. He felt himself to open his eyes staring at the ceiling he saw was flat with lights in them shining overhead with a metal appearance. He slowly sat up looking around the room to spot multiple beds in two rows jutting from the walls with figures male and female lying in them with their forms bare of any clothing or anything on them. His eyes saw that the males were all in one row where he was and the females were in the other row opposite from him. He looked at the figures seeing that the rows were vast in length on both sides with blank walls between sets of five beds breaking up the length-

Jinks was again interrupted by Tom "That's the place for the dead and can't be waken to sleep there with bodies intact-"
He found Tom interrupted by Victoria speaking "Jeez Tom let Daddy tell the story."
He sighed and didn't response to Victoria's comment instead continued on speaking the story. 

Jinks got up from the bed feeling himself better to step onto the metal floor. He heard a loud alarm sound and saw a blue light flashing in the wall above his bed to feel a rumbling like vibration. He stood between beds to look at both lengths staring down the halls as he saw movement coming towards him on his left while feeling the vibrations become more intense. He frowned seeing the movement become clear showing a hooded figure in black with two thick ropes coming from the arm areas that came nearer and nearer towards him. He turned himself to face the figure seeing it become massive towering above him once it reached the empty bed where he was standing next to. Jinks felt a familiar feeling from the figure that thrust out a rope seeing it looked like a snake body and wrapped it around his neck in a tight grip. He willed the Master through to narrow his eyes glaring at the figure and heard a loud gasp sound sounding off his right which he turned his head to see a white hooded High Council member in a male form standing next to the massive hooded figure while shaking his head. 
He eyed the High Council member that spoke in a familiar voice “Mesen, release him. He’s a Horus not Osiris despite inhibiting the body of him.”
He heard a familiar growl from the hooded figure that sounded like Mesen in his dragon form as the snake rope around his neck released its hold followed by the rope whacking him on the cheek hard. Jinks refrained from flinching from the rope hitting him as Mesen he assumed backed away with vibration rumbling from the form before stopping in the middle of the beds’ row. 
Jinks eyed the High Council member with a glare who spoke while gesturing his head towards the hooded figure “That’s Mesen who survived having his beater cut out and destroyed as ordered by some sick Builder influencing a First One to do it.”
He nodded his head a short bob as the High Council member continued “I’m known around here as Ajax.” 
He stiffened at the name to realize that it explained why the High Council member’s voice sounded familiar again kept his mouth shut but gave a short bob. 
Jinks eyed Ajax he assumed was his son who continued speaking “Anyway this room is for people to heal from medical ailments through sleeping states with the help of medicine injected in them every certain time periods. Mesen’s purpose here is to guard the people from harm and alert us if one of them woke up which he has done that. He, I should warn you is still angry at Osiris he blames for what happened to his beater which his body changed into some manoid version of a sea gonoid referred as Hisser around here.” 
He frowned as an image of a snake gonoid with rope arms flashed in his mind as Ajax paused. 
He stared at Ajax who shook his head and then continued “Come along I’ll lead you out of this room to some place where you can get something to wear and perhaps something to eat.” 
He willed the Master away and wordlessly followed Ajax to a break in the beds showing a blank wall which slid open showing a lighted from above hallway. He entered the hallway following Ajax to hear the door he assumed slide shut behind him. He frowned seeing with shock that the hallway was a long cylinder see through tube showing multiple sea gonoids swimming around it in scattered directions. He looked up to see the ocean surface with the sunlight shining through and gauged the distance to be deep judging by how dim the light appeared. He looked down seeing scattered round small lights in the darkness far below. He walked in the tube seeing it appeared vast in length walking for an uncertain amount of time and he halted as Ajax halted seeing his son turn around. 
Ajax spoke gesturing behind Jinks “Take a look.”
He obeyed to see the tube ended in a large mountain with part of the mountain underwater and the top part appearing to be above the surface. He frowned to hear Ajax clear his throat turned to look at his son. 
Ajax spoke “That Mountain you saw is entirely used for multiple purposes. I should add that room you saw is one of the levels holding people with there being multiple levels all holding people inside. One level is aimed for what I told you and the some of the other levels I’m aware of hold people in frozen sleep comas with various reasons to doing that. Another level is said to hold people of the dead which I’m not sure of the reason for that but I suspect its related to taking pieces of them and implanting in living females to breed offspring from them.”
Jinks frowned hearing Ajax’s words as Ajax continued speaking “There’s a won’t die rumor going around that a High Council member aware of the technique of taking pieces of the dead and implanting it in living females taught this to a group of First Ones who were said to believe in a deity lord named Lance Richard as their Master.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing his son’s words as Ajax kept talking “This High Council member dubbed Scotland is said to be behind the creation of medical experiments performed by the First Ones due to sharing medical knowledge with them such as the Zesky Hospital in a sea vessel. It was Scotland who created that hospital along with similar hospitals focused on non Human life forms and has been responsible for creating manoids with non Human like characteristics.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Ajax nodded his head followed by his son speaking “These experiments resulted in you coming to exist in your own body which I’m told was later destroyed by the High Council but didn’t kill you for you came back in your father’s body.” 
He nodded his head but kept his mouth shut as Ajax spoke “The High Council got their answer of how you came back from me displaying unusual abilities and seeing you displaying them including what Ramses told them about there being an elemental Osiris and that you equal to elemental Osiris and you being a Horus. They figured out that the elemental Osiris, Ramses and his sisters have been talking to from time to time was the original Osiris and Lance Richard himself who used his unusual abilities to bring you back from the dead putting you in his body.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Ajax continued “The High Council did some research using spies on the First Ones focusing on the believers of Lance Richard to learn background on you which their aware of that you seem to have some deathless state including some characteristics that have Highlander in them along with some other species that makes you the way you are.” 
Jinks nodded his head in agreement towards Ajax and his words as his son paused from talking which he sensed his son wanted to hear something from him. 
Jinks spoke “Just curious, have you done any background checking on Osiris himself?”
He formed a questioning look on his face while staring at Ajax who spoke “Most of what we know is from Set his brother who confirmed that Osiris had a son he never met prior to being killed off and body thrown in the chasm. There’s records from Highlanders reading the minds of Shadonians and eavesdropping on their talk that two Shadonians a male and a female on some beach witnessed Osiris’ form change into a First One form into Lance Richard who spent some time helping the Shadonia with problems including helping them find their underwater home.”
Jinks nodded his head in a short bob towards Ajax who kept talking “There are also records from the time when there were First Ones and Highlanders living on some small continent island in Shadan dubbed Great Britain before water flooded part of the land making it into several islands including Drainer Island. These records detailed Lance Richard living in Great Britain among the First Ones as first as a fool who had too much to drink till some female in a village took pity on him and taught him her healing and medicinal arts. Records detailed that there were two Lance Richards one who people religiously followed and another who seemed to be a follower at that time frame.”
Jinks stiffened hearing as Ajax continued talking “I should tell you that Lance Richard according to records lived to father three children with three different females whose descendants’ lines ended courtesy of war. Lance Richard after the death of his third child’s descendants mysteriously disappeared with no sighting of him. Anyway records detailed that the follower of Lance Richard who called himself that name had fathered twins through a female who died giving birth to the babies who’s descendants were carefully detailed ending with a male given the name of Lance with the second name as Knight that mysteriously disappeared from the island before the great flood arrived forming the islands.”
Jinks frowned as Ajax became silent sensing his son wanted to hear something from him spoke “I’m told that a descendant of the follower found Lance Richard’s body in some cave in some land also called Great Britain in Earth and brought the body over to the United States years before the transfer to Shadan. I’m aware of that they used a piece of Lance Richard to create me which I lived unknowingly of who my father was and didn’t find out who he was till even after I came back from the dead in my father’s body. I later found out from one of the followers who pretended to be my father who was thinking I was Lance admitting it to me what they did to create me. I confess that it took me a very long time to process that my original body was dead and I was alive in my father’s body.”
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as Ajax gave off a harrumph like sound before his son spoke “Interesting but what’s with the name Jinks Montreal? There’s nothing in our records to indicate the names’ importance. The only clues to those names are that Jinks is a nickname for bad luck and Montreal is the name of some city in Earth of some nation called Canada.”
Jinks sighed and spoke “Ajax, I was given the name of Robert by my mother at my birth which is a family name in my mother’s side of the family. Robert comes from her father having that name hence she naming me that. I’m told by the follower named Burke pretending to be my biological father that I was active as a young child getting into things and getting injuries from that hence the nickname Jinks which stuck as my name. As for the last name Montreal my mother through birth records given to me later after she passed away shown that she was born in Montreal, Canada before her parents moved to the United States. To answer your question about the names is that my mother had an argument with Burke a very powerful man in the Master Organization on how to raise me walked out taking me and hid me from Burke with the help of others. She used the last name Montreal to hide herself from people and used Jinks Montreal as my legal name in government affairs. Burke later after I was full grown adult had some people assassinate my mother which some Highlander group called Scotland pointed it out to me and I confronted him on that. He later retaliated by shooting me in the chest putting me in some twenty year healing sleep. I found out after I woke up from the sleep that Burke was killed off by others in the organization through use of blowing up his car with him inside it.”
Jinks paused to clear his throat then added “How long was I out asleep anyway? Besides I could really use some clothes and something to eat.”
He frowned as he heard his son spoke “You were out for a Human calendar month. Oh I heard from the Meritanians’ talk that they told Lance to inform someone named Victoria you’re doing alright.” 
He sighed and spoke sensing Ajax’s questioning tone “Victoria’s my daughter with a Human female who had a Builder mate with beliefs that the father raises the child with no help from the female or her Builder mate. She’s the Human age of ten years old.” 
He heard a hmm sound from Ajax who turned around and gestured for him to follow with a covered hand which he obeyed following his son walking the entire length of the cylinder corridor till he spotted the tube leading to another mountain with part of it appearing to be sticking out of water. Jinks and Ajax reached the tube’s end to see the door slide open showing Anubis standing there with ears flat against his head and looking annoyed judging by the look in his eyes. 
He frowned to hear Ajax speak with sarcasm “Whatever time of day it is Anubis what orders did the High Council tell you to do this time that you’re not doing?”
He heard a growl from Anubis who spoke in a loud whisper “Just get Horus something to wear and stop having him parade around like that. I despise seeing people without clothes.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as he heard a harrumph from Ajax who walked passed Anubis with him following to enter a hallway lighted above and sensed the gonoid head warrior was following them behind. He followed Ajax walking several corridors to notice some of the corridors had windows showing outside which he peered at to spot several smaller mountains gathered around underwater with light dots shining scattered from them. He frowned as they reached a wall which slid open showing a room with attached to walls couches and a masked Highlander standing in front of a console. 
He heard Ajax speak “This will take you where you need to go. See you around.” 
He heard Anubis’ growl sounding annoyed from behind obeyed walking into the room to see the masked Highlander do a double take look while seeing his naked form. Jinks ignored the look to sit down on a couch finding an eye wear mask sitting on it which he placed on his head covering his eyes and leaned back on the couch with arms folded. He felt the motions of the room sensing it was like a roller coaster moving all over the place which he found himself staying calm and not sick feeling. He figured it was due to the eye wear mask covering his eyes that was keeping him calm and not sick. 
He felt the room stop with a jerk and heard the Highlander speak with a cranky tone “End of line get out I haven’t gotten all day.”
Jinks yanked off the eye wear mask to place it on the couch and saw the door open which he walked out to find himself standing in a familiar hallway while hearing the door slide shut behind him. He saw an Annukai standing in the middle of the hallway that widen eyes with a double take look seeing his naked form that made him feel disgusted. Jinks eyed the Annukai sensing the figure was a female from the face and eyes looking feminine despite the clothes the female was wearing making her appear male. 
Jinks spoke with an annoyed tone in Basic “You got something for me to wear? I’m a little put out parading around like this.” 
He saw the Annukai shake her head before speaking in a feminine voice sounding bewildered in Basic “Yah I know where to get you something to wear so follow me.” 
Jinks followed the Annukai down the hallway to the door that slide open showing a familiar hallway with doors at one side. 
He followed the Annukai to a door that slid open and heard the Annukai speak “There’s items inside for you if you care to look. I’m needed elsewhere.” 
He watched the Annukai dart down the hallway to hit double doors at the opposite of the doors in the hallway disappearing from sight. Jinks exhaled a breath to walk into the room he saw was a bedroom and sensed the door slide shut behind him. He looked around to see a bed with a blanket and pillow jutting from the wall along with two walled dressers besides it on both sides on his right. He went to the dresser on the right side of the bed and began yanking open drawers. He spotted in one drawer were folded clothing which he took out to see they were all white which were consisted of a long sleeve top appearing to be some tunic and drawstring pants which he put on the bed. Jinks hunted for shoes finding slipper like shoes in the bottom drawer which he yanked out a pair and placed on the bed. He saw a doorway in the room grabbed the clothes and slipper shoes from the bed to walk to the doorway seeing it was a bathroom complete with a pedestal sink, a toilet and shower stall with towels hanging off the rack on the glass door. He placed the clothes and shoes on the sink then entered the shower stall spotting in the wall two small presses down dispensers along with shower faucets to turn on the water. Jinks turned on the water to heat toleration levels and cleaned himself thoroughly using soap and shampoo like substances from the dispensers. He once finished got out of the stall to close the door and grabbed the towels to dry himself thoroughly. He put on the clothes and slippers then stared at the mirror at his hair seeing that there wasn’t a hair brush for it in the bathroom. Exhaling a breath he left the bathroom to look around the room seeing there wasn’t much in it. He examined the walled in dresser on the left side of the bed seeing it held identical items as the dresser on the right side of the bed. Groaning softly he walked to the bedroom’s door to see it slide open as if sensing his presence and walked out into the hallway towards the double doors he spotted the Annukai entered before entering the bedroom. Jinks entered the room seeing it looked like before with Annukai about six of them gathered around the end of the bar appearing to be arguing by the sound of their voices in foreign language with male and female tones. He frowned to spot opposite the Annukai at another end of the bar were two Highlanders male and female with long black hair both wearing identical clothing as him appearing to be eavesdropping on the Annukai’s argument by their heads cocked with eyes shifting from looking at him and elsewhere. He frowned to look around the room to see that the familiar Shadonian wasn’t there which he felt a little sad not seeing Nameless. Jinks walked further into the room to hear one of the Annukai yell in a shouting tone in a feminine voice he recognized as the one that led him to the bedroom which he eyed the Annukai. He saw one point a finger at him while shouting in foreign language and saw the others look in his direction with narrowed eyed looks. Jinks paused from walking as one of them he spotted with facial hair spoke in foreign language in a male tone then the Annukai started walking towards him to gather around in a semi circle. Jinks frowned as the Annukai with facial hair walked up to him till he was itches away him looking down at the male and stiffened as he felt the male’s hand grope him right on his sensitive part. He felt disgusted from the Annukai’s touch that stopped groping him to speak in foreign language in some bewildered tone and heard the familiar female speaking in a tone sounding like she was annoyed. Jinks’ senses behind him blared a warning which he spun around waving his hands mentally ordering paralysis to hit the standing Highlanders that were glaring at him and the group. He saw the Highlanders hit the ground in a heap and heard one of them yell in gibberish sounding in a male tone and like the Annukai’s foreign language and heard roaring sounds from the Annukai as they appeared in his eyes sight running towards the Highlanders. He saw the Annukai attack the Highlanders with fists punching them repeatedly over and over as he again heard the male Highlander continue yelling in foreign language till the voice was cut off with a loud gasp sound. Jinks frowned as four Annukai left the room hauling the unconscious Highlanders out and then came back to gather in a semi circle around two of them he saw one had facial hair. He kept his mouth shut as the Annukai silently eyed him with narrowed eyed looks before the one with facial hair spoke in foreign language. 
He heard the Annukai next to the one with facial hair speaking in Basic in a feminine tone “Says identify yourself stranger.”
Jinks spoke in Basic “Horus, son of Osiris in Osiris’ body.” 
He heard the female Annukai speaking in foreign language which he figured that the Annukai was translating his words. 
He again heard foreign language from the Annukai with facial hair followed by the female speaking in Basic “Says that’s interesting. Care to explain that trick you did to the traitorous Highlanders?”
Jinks spoke “Just a mental ability to make them lose sensation in their bodies causing paralysis. Where’s Nameless anyway? I’m surprised that he’s not here drinking.” 
He heard his words translated followed by the female saying “Says that Shadonian is actually some hybrid Hyperon Shadonian used as an assassin to serve the High Council’s purposes. He’s elsewhere doing something as ordered by them.” 
Jinks frowned as he got a headache placed a hand on his forehead while grimacing as the headache persisted. He heard the Annukai speaking in foreign language and didn’t hear the words translated as he shut his eyes as an image of the Annukai arguing flashed in his mind. His mind focused on the words he suddenly found himself understanding was that they were arguing on whether a target was a male or a female the High Council told them to assassinate. 
The Annukai shouting while pointing a finger at him spoke “Target is here so seeing which one the target is!”
He remembering got the male Annukai to grope him speaking “Target is a male.”
This was followed by the female Annukai speaking “I told yah so.” 
He recalled the male Highlander shouting words he suddenly understood “Their going to assassinate you with Nameless hidden by tech in the room to back them up!”
Jinks remembered the Annukai attacking the Highlanders as the male continued to yell “If they fail Anubis and his guards will back them up!”
He felt the headache stopped to feel hands holding his arms to open his eyes flaring the Master through to glare at two Annukai standing facing him a bit away. He saw the Annukai with facial hair and the female did double take looks seeing his eyes narrowed at them. Jinks mentally ordered his body to electrical charge itself and zap the Annukai having hands on his arms. He felt his order obeyed to hear groaning sounds of pain followed by the hands letting go of his arms. 
He eyed the male Annukai who spoke in foreign language which he heard clear in his mind “Go kick his seat. Females are deadlier than males.” 
He eyed the female Annukai who gave off a hissing sound walking towards him which he thrust out his foot and did a kick aimed at her chest hitting her hard and saw her thrown backwards to land on the floor on her back with form becoming still. Jinks glared at the male Annukai who made a blowing motion with his mouth which his hand shot out and caught the dart in the air which he twisted to his right throwing it at the wall. He heard a whining squeal sound off his right to see Nameless appear standing in front of the wall with red Mesen like eyes in a glare at him. Jinks spotted on Nameless’ arm the scorpion mentally ordered it to detach from Nameless’ arm and saw it obey him. He eyed Nameless that shut his eyes fainting to the floor form going still and then looked at the Annukai with a glare. He heard a loud growling sound from behind him sounding like Anubis and felt something whack him from behind on the head repeatedly that made him dizzy enough to kneel. He felt the object repeatedly kept hitting him on the back of his head as he slid to the floor and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to find the Master away from him while on something feeling like stone which he jerked his eyes open to hear water lapping sounds. He sprang to his feet looking around the room seeing it was a square room large vertically with a pool around an area he was standing on. He looked behind him to see a familiar metal arch of a gate stuck in the stone slab in the middle of the pool. 
He took a step towards it to hear a voice very loudly speaking “I wouldn’t go through that gate if I were you.” 
Jinks grimaced recognizing the voice as Anubis looked around the room then looked up to spot standing above on a bridge that ended with doorways in both ends in the wall was the gonoid head warrior. He gave Anubis an obscene gesture with one of his fingers then walked through the gate only to find himself underwater surrounded by shark gonoids. He looked around to see the shark gonoids swimming towards him with mouths open and sensed that they wanted to eat him.  He twisted his form behind him to see the gate was gone which his eyes searched finding it down below him and that he was raising through the water away from it.  Jinks turned his attention towards the sharks that attacked him one at a time which he whacked with his legs aiming for their noses and saw it was giving them pain to swim away from him as he broke the surface. He looked around to spot floating in the water was a round slab which he swam towards it while fighting off sharks. He nearly reached it realized his mistake to see the slab was some kind of gonoid with jelly fish like legs dangling from it quickly swam away from it. He sensed the jelly fish like gonoid wasn’t interested in him but more interested in the sharks by the legs reaching out to grab the gonoids who wiggled out of its grasp before swimming away. Jinks took a breath of air and forced himself underwater diving towards the gate while fighting off attacking sharks with his legs and hands kicking and punching them on the noses. He felt intense pressure in his ears kept himself diving deeper as the sharks kept up their attacks. He felt dizziness arrive within him shook it off only to feel the wooziness persist as black spots appeared in his eyes sight. 
He felt himself losing conscious struggled to stay awake as he reached the gate to place a hand on it only to feel himself blacking out screamed mentally “No!”
Jinks came to feel himself terribly thirsty crawling on a sand like ground looking up at a pipe jutting from a rocky wall that was dripping water very slowly. He brought his mouth towards the water only to feel himself pushed aside by a figure appearing to look like him who appeared thirsty from opening the mouth towards the dripping pipe. Jinks felt himself angry pushed aside himself to raise his mouth towards the drip only to feel himself pushed aside again. He felt himself playing a game with himself of being pushed aside towards the water dropping from the pipe till darkness arrived within his eyes sight putting him out. 
Jinks came to discover himself lying on something felt like stone with a spotlight high overhead shining over him. His lower half of his face was covered by something moving which he jerked it off to raise it in his eyes sight seeing it was some giant slug attached to a hard shell. He sat up feeling movement all over him looked at himself to see identical gonoids on him which he brushed off of him as he stood up from the stone slab to look around the room. He felt himself filmed ignored the sensation to spot on the sand ground were a number of shelled slugs gathered around an area. He eyed the area to see a drip of water drop from it to look up seeing a pipe from his dream jutting from the rocky wall where he heard the sound of water traveling from it. Jinks raised his hands palms up and formed a sneer on his face as he willed the Master through. He felt the ground shake as electricity bolts came from his palms as he eyed the pipe seeing it rattle breaking apart and saw water come gushing out towards the ground down below. 
Jinks lowered his hands to hear Anubis’ voice speaking sounding irritated “Don’t stand there. Get over here.”
He looked at his right to see Anubis standing in front of a doorway with ears flat on the head. Jinks walked off the stone slab to feel his bare feet touch something rough that reminded him of a log and halted his movements as he found himself moving towards Anubis he sensed on gonoid back. He figured it was a crocogator a gonoid that was a combination of a crocodile and an alligator as he was moved towards Anubis and felt the gonoid’s movements stop once he was inches away and stepped off onto a stone slab to stand next to the gonoid head warrior with a glare on his face. He felt his arms grabbed by appearing Hawk head guards of Anubis who held him in ironclad grips. 
He glared at Anubis who spoke “Good night Horus.” 
He snarled some growl as Anubis thrust out his staff aiming it towards his head which he kicked with his foot and aimed a kick at the gonoid head warrior covered sensitive part hitting him there. Jinks felt himself thrust into a kneeling position with clawed feet stepping on his legs by the back as Anubis gave off an angry growl and thrust his staff at his head hitting him repeatedly with hard blows that made him feel dizzy. This was followed by black spots appearing in his eyes sight then the black spots became numerous followed by darkness and losing sensation of his body to pass out unconscious. 
Jinks came to feeling a headache of his mind scanned while lying on a metal bed feeling hands cold gripping both of his hands he sensed belonged to Highlanders. He forced his eyes open sensing the Master within him but not in control by the roaring noises in his mind as he eyed three figures wearing High Council like robes gathered around his bed. Two were on both sides of him holding his hands while one was at the foot appearing to be staring at him which his senses blared familiarity aimed at the member he assumed was a Highlander. He groaned from the headache while sensing he was wearing restraints while still in his clothes to narrow his eyes at the Highlander staring at him from the foot of the bed. 
He found himself speaking loudly “Ajax.”
He stiffened from the pleading tone spoke the name again and added “Your not who I thought you were.” 
As an image of Ajax wearing a blue uniform kissing a human female on the lips repeatedly, flashed in his mind. He felt the headache persist pain staying the same that told him the three Highlanders were still scanning his mind as he eyed the Highlander at the foot of the bed he assumed was Ajax. 
“She was poisoned to death.” He heard clearly in his mind sounding like Ajax’s voice. 
He frowned as Ajax’s voice continued “I had nothing to do with it.”
His senses blared telling him it was a lie spoke out loud “You sure of it Ajax?”
He heard a soft chuckle in his mind sounding like Ajax’s voice before his son spoke mentally “I can’t fool you can I?”
Jinks formed a frown on his face hearing Ajax’s question as his son added “Alright I’ll admit it. I spent one calendar year tortured to learn how to live like a First One by people who insisted on that. They sickened that female on me and force me to accept her as my mate. It took me awhile to figure out how to get rid of her permanently.”
He spoke sensing there was more to the story “And?”
He heard from Ajax “It took me awhile to figure out how to get to home which you First Ones dubbed the home place Australia Atoll. I had to use a lot of begging towards the Meritanians to transport me home.”
He frowned as Ajax paused then continued “Oh remember that submarine that was brought down back then? I was the assassin transported aboard by the Meritanians carrying a bomb which I set off in the engine room and then was transported out. Also remember when you were King that there was an assassin that shot himself in the head instead of killing you and later pointed out the location of the High Council’s home base as the Australia Atoll? That was me.”
He nodded his head finding himself not surprised by Ajax’s admission recalling Lance telling him of that some time ago. 
Jinks again heard Ajax speak mentally “I should add another confession that I think you should know of. Your wife Katherine’s cancer was detected at an early stage but the doctor was bribed to keep his mouth shut till the cancer was fatal enough to kill her.” 
He lurched up feeling rage feeling himself restrained by hands on his shoulders while feeling hands still gripping his hands in ironclad grips as he glared at Ajax who continued to mentally speak “Your Lance Richard isn’t the only one manipulating you and your life. The High Council has been doing it since they became aware of you through Highlander spies informing them of you fathering a child through a Highlander female.” 
Jinks growled feeling himself still angry as his son continued “Oh I should confess that the Meritanians have the ability to cause people to get urges to mate along with putting them to sleep which they have been doing to you from time to time.” 
He snarled a growling sound struggling against the restraints of Highlander and chains holding him while boring a glare at Ajax who paused from talking. He felt an intense shaking vibration to see Ajax jerk his form as if getting unbalanced while sensing the Highlanders having hands on him copying his son. 
He heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “Will you stop making the earth shake? It’s giving us pain so cut it out!”
He heard in his mind a loud roaring noise of anger that sounded like Lance followed by silence as the shaking vibration stopped. 
Jinks heard Ramses speaking in his mind “Jeez must you do that to us? Learn to control your temper will you? Harrumph.”
He heard nothing from Ramses as he heard Ajax’s voice sounding in his mind “It explains those earthquakes we’ve been getting from time to time. It’s Osiris or should I say Lance Richard who’s doing them torturing the Meritanians to get the plants to serve him hence their divided loyalties to the High Council and their enemies.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut remembering himself with the slugs filmed while manipulating the earth to make a pipe crack spilling water out of it. He narrowed his eyes mentally willing the Master through him sensing it taking control as he felt the Highlanders yank their hands off of his shoulders and freeing his hands to back away a step. Jinks quickly mentally ordered Ajax to choke while curling a hand slowly into a fist. Jinks heard a gasp from Ajax followed by a loud choking sound as he saw his son put covered up by robe sleeve hands on his neck while gasping for air loudly. 
He narrowed his eyes boring them at Ajax who he mentally heard in his mind “You’re not cruel enough to do this to your own son, father.”
He tightened his curled hand into a fist as he again heard Ajax speaking mentally “I know that you’re not cruel for you tried this on another of your children who you let live instead of killing off.” 
Jinks bared his teeth forming an angry look on his face sensing Ajax was right with his words mentally ordered the choking to stop. He saw Ajax bent down and heard loud sounds of gasping that suggested that his son was gulping air.  
Jinks glared at his son who straightened up his form and he heard Ajax’s voice mentally speaking “Ramses, transport Horus out of here will you?”
He blinked his eyes to find himself lying on a floor to see the ceiling with familiarity he recognized as his room in the penthouse. He got up from the floor to eye the clock seeing it said a night time hour. Groaning he went into the bathroom and stripped himself of his clothes tossing them out of the bathroom through the doorway. He went into the shower and showered then walked out to grab a towel drying himself. He felt his mood foul from recalling what Ajax said about Katherine and the High Council manipulating his life. He grabbed his pajamas from the sink counter and put them on then went out of the bathroom to the bedroom stomping towards the wing back chair to sit which he folded his arms glaring at the floor as his conversation with Ajax ran through his mind. He growled an angry sound to pace back and forth in the room till he felt sleepiness hit him waved a fist at the ceiling and stormed to the bed yanking the blankets back. He got in bed and thrust the blankets over head and shut his eyes. He dreamed of himself back on the beach standing next to a tree to see Lance in his eyes sight too many feet away looking angry at the Meritanians who appeared to be smirking. He took a step forwards only to feel a hand on his shoulder restraining him back. Jinks looked at his right to see with shock himself wearing gonoid skin clothing and red Human like eyes that had a smirk on his face. 
He frowned as himself spoke sounding like Mesen’s voice “The High Council told the Meritanians to get rid of Lance which their obeying like stupid servants they are. The Meritanians don’t know that Lance like you is only a tool in the purpose of Edenia herself who controls them with her orders
Jinks frowned hearing him self’s words as himself continued speaking “The plants will obey the High Council but they don’t know that Edenia's will, will make the both of you more powerful. You’ll see what I mean.” 
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut as blackness surrounded him. He came to find himself standing on the beach next to Lance who looked at him with a frown before feeling himself grabbed in a bear hug. He frowned as he saw a metal gate arch appear behind Lance with smoke in the middle as ropes appeared to touch Lance who clung to him tightly. Jinks stiffened as the ropes pulled a struggling Lance away from him into the smoke then the gate arch faded from view. 
He heard Ramses speaking sounding like relief in his voice “You don’t need to worry about Osiris anymore. It’s done.”
Jinks felt himself get angry turned to face the Meritanians while willing the Master through and raising his hands palms up. He saw the Meritanians look up all giving up a gasp sound as he heard a growling sound off his right followed by his eyes forced shut till there was blackness. 
Jinks heard the sound of the alarm blaring yanked the blankets off his head to glare at the clock seeing it said eight o’clock in the morning. He got up from the bed and went into the bathroom to find clothes folded on the counter in the familiar color of black. He yanked off his pajama pants tossing them onto the sink counter and grabbed the clothes putting them on his form along with the sneakers. He brushed his hair and leaned against the counter to glare at the mirror staring at himself seeing that he looked like a young Human male of twenty four years old with some oldness look in the eyes. 
He frowned thinking to himself “I never age despite the years I’ve lived.” 
Jinks shrugged then left the bathroom to head to the doors yanking them open to spot Gustav standing in his familiar spot that had looks of shock and relief in his eyes and face. 
He spoke “How’s Victoria?”
He frowned as Gustav formed a frown on his face before speaking “She’s doing fine for a ten year old.” 
Jinks shrugged off Gustav’s comment went to the dining room followed by the butler which he went to a chair and sat as Gustav went into the kitchen banging the doors behind him. He heard the kitchen doors bang open followed by a loud shriek sound in a kid’s voice. He felt himself the receipt of a kid climbing onto his lap and hugging him tightly with arms around his neck in a choke hold. He gagged recognizing the kid’s hold on him belonging to Victoria gently placed hands on her back to tap the area while feeling his daughter seem happy to see him by her greeting. He tapped her back furiously as she gave off a groan followed by releasing her hold on him and getting off his lap. 
He gasped for air and then spoke “Victoria could you please cut down your hug a bit please?”
He stared at Victoria who spoke “Sorry Daddy I couldn’t help myself.”
He groaned hearing the familiar words each time he told her off after she gave him a choking hug which happened too many times to count- 

Jinks was interrupted by Tom speaking "Victoria you choked your Father with your hugs?"
He rolled his eyes and glared at Tom to hear "That was the only way I could express my love towards my father whenever I missed him. One of the servants told me off on trying to use them for a substitute for the love I was missing from Daddy. I got really excited seeing Daddy back that I kept on the choke hugs onto him."
Jinks sighed hearing Victoria's words to eye his daughter who spoke while noticing him look "Daddy just continue on the story."
He got her familiar pleading look obeyed to continue on speaking. 

Part Eight: Out of Life

Jinks practiced karate struggling to keep himself patient while waiting for Victoria to arrive for her daily lesson. She, he recalled was now age thirteen and appeared to be blossoming into womanhood faster than he could stop it. He heard the door open which he looked to spot thirteen year old Victoria with a hint of womanhood on her form walk into the room looking angry. 
He frowned as Victoria spoke “Karate is useless to me and I don’t want to learn any more lessons. It’s a waste of time.” 
Jinks spoke with a frown “Well you’re learning anyway.” 
He felt annoyance as she yelled “I’m not learning any more I quit!”
Jinks flared the Master through to glare at her while speaking “You’re learning period. I’m not having you quit till I determine that you’re ready.” 
He saw that she looked annoyed by her facial expression as she went into the room to stand with arms folded. Jinks frowned wondering what will get Victoria to change her attitude as an idea of self defense flashed in his mind. He walked around Victoria till her back was facing him and placed his arm around her neck while grabbing her tailed hair with his other hand. 
He spoke “I order you to free yourself from my grip. I’ll back off on the teaching if you can get out of my grip so do it now-”

Jinks wound up interrupted by Tom "Your Dad pulled that joke onto me whenever he wanted me to calm down from a temper tantrum. He pulled that onto me once when I arrived to a gym to practice karate-"
He interrupted "You threw a hissy fit remember, Tom?"
He glared at Tom who gave up a sound of disgust.
Jinks wound up adding "Your hissy fit was related to arguing with Victoria on her carrying other males' offsprings by the High Council ordering it."
Jinks glared as Tom spoke in response "I didn't agree to that order at first but now I'm fine with it."
He kept the glare aimed at Tom to hear from Victoria "Just tell the story Daddy."
Jinks obeyed to speak.

Jinks heard from Victoria in response to his trap order she sounding angry “Fine.” 
Jinks adjusted his body till it was sideways and waited patiently as Victoria gave off a growling sound sounding more angry to him, which he adjusted his body to avoid her legs kicking behind him along with avoiding her elbows thrusting behind her. He smirked as she clawed his arm with her nails finding that his sleeve protected him and avoided Victoria’s feet when she threw them behind her. He heard her growling change sounding like she had the Master in control backed up as she backed up copying her movements. He heard Victoria stop the growling while sensing that the Master had left her followed by her giving off a sound of disgust. 
Jinks heard her speak “Oh alright you win for I’ll learn karate from you despite feeling like it’s a waste of time.” 
His senses blared telling him it wasn’t a lie willed the Master away from him speaking “You have to come at a time each day when you have school for an hour. I’ll make sure you’ll learn a lesson regardless of the time of day you show up home if you miss the time frame I set for you.” 
He heard Victoria speak sounding like she didn’t agree “Fine.” 
His senses again blared a warning which he figured that Victoria was up to something hence his senses blaring. He freed Victoria figuring out to himself that she’ll figure out how to free herself from his arm grip from using the karate he is teaching her. He began to teach her karate while noticing that her movements weren’t strong while having a disgusted expression on her face. Jinks heard a throat clearing noise sounding from the door to look and saw Gustav standing there. 
He looked at the butler questioningly who spoke “Dinner is served.” 
He spoke “Victoria, go eat. Lesson is over with.” 
He watched as Victoria walked out of the gym room stomping while followed by the butler. Jinks sighed and began practicing karate while thinking of some lessons to teach Victoria the next day. 
He practiced Karate till he heard a throat clearing noise again looked at the door way to spot Gustav who spoke “It’s eight o’clock. I thought I would let you know of the time considering Victoria’s bedtime is nine o’clock.”
He nodded his head towards Gustav and left the gym room heading to Victoria’s room seeing her door shut with a poster of some teenage actor shirtless stuck to it. He sighed recalling the arguments with Victoria him ordering her to not have posters on the door to her room blared in the hallway which she argued back that its her door she can decorate it anyway she wants. He exhaled a breath and knocked on the door a serious of three knocks. 
He heard a faint “Go away I don’t want to talk to you.”
He spoke raising his voice “Victoria.” 
He was interrupted by her voice sounding a bit louder “I said go away I don’t want to talk to you!”
Jinks groaned rubbing a hand on his forehead walked away from the door lowering his hand. He sighed recalling Robert at age thirteen acting rebelliously angry at him from time to time which stopped when his son was sixteen after having a growth spurt. He groaned feeling déjà vu again with Victoria walked to his bedroom to sit on the armchair staring at the open doors of the room. He frowned letting his thoughts wonder wondering how Robert was doing with Samira. 
Sighing he saw Gustav come into view speaking that “Victoria has told me that she’s going to bed and doesn’t want to be disturbed till morning.” 
He groaned a soft sound as he spoke “Thanks Gustav, dismissed.” 
He watch the butler leave the room leaving the doors open. 
He sat in the armchair with a frown on his face and thought to himself “I might as well go to bed myself. Nothing I can do about Victoria and her attitude. Must be hormones talking hence she acting like this.” 
He groaned and got up going to the doors shutting them then went into the bathroom. Jinks came out clad in his pajama pants went to the lamps shutting them off plunging the room in the darkness with him seeing with night vision. He went to the bed and yanked the blankets for him to get inside. He lay on his side and threw the blankets over his head shutting his eyes falling asleep. Jinks dreamed of himself facing Lance who looked disgusted judging by the look on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Victoria and her attitude towards you teaching her karate have me disgusted. I’m not happy about that.” 
He spoke “You got anything planned about that?”
He saw Lance’s eyes turn all black that made him feel nervous as his father spoke “Victoria is your responsibility. Solve her attitude problem yourself. I’m not doing anything about it period.” 
He opened his mouth to speak and found his eyes forced shut. 
Jinks came to hear the alarm sounding its noises yanked the blankets off to glare at the alarm clock he saw listed the time of eight o’clock in the a.m. He got up and went to grab some clothes from the closet which he put on his form and tossed the pajama pants onto the unmade bed. He went into the bathroom to brush his hair and walked out to the doors opening them to spot Gustav standing in his familiar spot with the always same look on the butler’s face. 
Jinks spoke “How was Victoria this morning?”
He looked at the butler questioningly who spoke “She was rather withdrawn and quiet, didn’t talk much despite Jacqueline trying to strike up a conversation with her. That’s all I know of Victoria.” 
He frowned then spoke “Thanks Gustav.” 
Jinks saw the butler nod his head as he walked to the dining room to sit at the table waiting for Jacqueline to arrive for his meal. He sat as Gustav went into the kitchen which Jacqueline later came out carrying a tray which she set down on the table in front of him and gave him her familiar look expecting him to eat the nourishment. He obeyed eating all of the food on the plate with silverware and drinking all of the orange juice in the cup. He once finished got up and walked out of the dining room to the TV room which he verbally ordered the TV on. He sat down and frowned seeing the TV show was a soap opera from the looks of it and verbally changed the channel to an all local news channel which he sat absent mildly watching the TV while glancing at the wall to let his thoughts wander. He felt himself getting bored with the news program verbally changed the channel to back to the soap opera channel which he sat watching it giving his attention recognizing the soap opera as the one he watched with Katherine years ago when Robert was in school from time to time. He exhaled a breath sounding annoyed as he saw a mating scene feeling distaste running through him for it reminded him of the time he last mated with Katherine before her cancer diagnose and wasn’t able to mate with her anymore due to her complaining of being too sick to do it. He continued to watch the soap opera entirely till another soap opera came on which had a science fiction theme focusing on Human life on a large space station depot with all kinds of manoid alien life forms. Jinks groaned for the soap opera brought memories of him visiting a space station depot among races that were manoid versions of ancient Earth’s gonoids while wearing nothing but sweat pants. Jinks recalled the races’ treating him with fear including trying to poison him. He groaned to continue watching the soap opera entirely till another one came on with a hospital theme in it. He growled as a memories of himself visiting Katherine at the hospital from time to time when she was staying overnight for cancer cure treatments. Jinks snarled a growl as he watched the soap opera with the memories repeatedly running in his mind. 
He fisted his hands glaring at the TV forcing himself to watch it entirely and heard a voice speaking “TV off.”
Jinks jerked from the TV turning off to look at the doorway to spot Gustav with disapproval in his eyes despite having a blank expression in his face. 
He stared at the butler who spoke with disapproval in his voice tone “Its lunchtime time for your special drink.”
Jinks got up from the couch and walked out walking pass Gustav without a word. He sensed Gustav follow him to the dining room where he plopped himself in a chair and folded his arms. He formed a glare on his face as Gustav went into the kitchen slamming the doors with a loud bang sound. He flinched from the bang sound to glare at the kitchen doors to spot Jacqueline walking out carrying a cup full of strawberry milkshake liquid in it who grimaced seeing his glare. He followed her movements as she placed the cup on the table which he snatched it up drinking it all down then slammed the cup onto the table. He got up storming from the dining room going to the TV room and once inside verbally ordered the TV on. He sat on the couch to glare at the soap opera he saw had a political theme that made him feel annoyed recalling himself kicked out of the King position accused of cheating to win the election. Jinks folded his arms leaning back on the couch glaring at the TV watching soap operas back to back with themes that would bring a pained memory hitting him making him feel between disgust and annoyance. 
He heard a throat clearing noise looked at the doorway to spot Gustav who spoke “Its two thirty five pm time for Victoria to be out of school now.” 
Jinks spoke “Thanks Gustav, dismissed.” 
He heard the butler leave the room which he verbally ordered the TV off and went to the gym room to stretch while keeping an eye on the clock stuck in the wall next to the double doors. He saw the time blare fifteen minutes to three o’clock swung himself up with a karate move and began his motions of doing karate while keeping an eye on the clock. He felt himself getting annoyed as four o’clock arrived and still no Victoria. He growled an angry sound walked out of the gym room to Victoria’s room seeing her door was ajar. 
He knocked on the door speaking “Victoria.”
He heard silence as his answer and nothing from his senses telling him that she was in the room. Growling he thrust open the door and walked into the room looking around. He spotted nothing amiss to hear Gustav behind him step in the doorway while clearing his throat. 
Jinks looked at the butler who spoke with confusion in his voice “A woman answering to the name of Susanna Israel has called to say that Victoria was staying overnight at her house with her daughter a friend of hers. Ms. Israel when she called sounded like something else was going on hence she calling to inform of the sleepover.” 
Jinks felt his annoyance spoke “Dismissed.” 
He saw Gustav leave as he looked around the room seeing it was in a mess. 
He thought to himself “I think I’ll make sure Victoria cleans up her room next time I see her.” 
He left the room walking to his bedroom and thought on the way “Victoria will do anything to avoid learning karate from me hence this sleepover at her friend’s house.” 
He stomped to the bedroom slamming the doors to go to the arm chair to sit and felt sleepiness shuts his eyes. 
He dreamed of the beach and Lance who spoke “Victoria confessed some lie claim to Ms. Israel that you were abusing her by keeping her up at a very late hour in forcing her to learn karate and wouldn’t let her go to bed till she got every single movement correct to your standards which stopped at an every early morning hour hence she nodding off in school who backed her up by noticing her yawning and falling asleep in classes along with her school work appearing to be going down.”
Jinks felt rage hit him hard snarls out “Drat that daughter of mine.” 
He felt a hand gagged him on the throat to look at Lance who had all black eyes with a glare. Jinks felt his rage leave him followed by nervousness as Lance narrowed his black eyes while gagging him harder. 
He stared at Lance who spoke with anger in his voice tone “You will not do anything about Victoria and leave it up to me for I insist on that.” 
He gagged out “Fine father.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut came to discover himself still in the arm chair and rubbed a hand on his throat that felt stiff as if gagged. Groaning he got up and went to the clock eyeing it seeing it was around nine o’clock went into the bathroom to shower and came out clad in his pajama pants which he pulled the blankets from his made bed to get inside and yanked them over his head while on his side shut his eyes. 
Jinks heard the alarm sound its noises got up from the bed to get dressed and do his hair. He felt his mood foul as he walked out ignoring Gustav which he went to the dining room to sit and waited for his food which arrived. He ate the food with gusto and gulped down the orange juice. He stormed from the dining room to hit the gym room attacking the punching bag feeling his mood angry. He halted his punching as an image of Lance from the waist up with all black eyes and a glare on his father’s face flashed in his mind. 
He gave the punching bag a hard punch and then left the room heading towards Victoria’s room which he went inside to the arm chair and yanked items off of it throwing them on the floor which he sat glaring at the open door.
He got an image of Lance followed by his father’s voice speaking in a firm tone “Use the Darkness now!”
He felt distaste running through him to imagine a door in his mind looking sinisterly black which he mentally opened by sliding it and stopped imagining it. He felt the middle of his back feeling an itchy feeling that bothered him as the door to the room went open wider. He stood up seeing with confusion a young male appearing to be a teenager around the age of fifteen judging by the looks of him while holding a hand gun aimed at him. He eyed the boy who fired the gun aimed at his chest as he saw something shiny leave the gun heading towards him which he plucked it out of the air and dropped it on the floor. Jinks saw the boy’s eyes flare golden telling him that he was a Builder as the boy spoke in foreign language which he understood the words telling him to freeze up. Jinks found his body balking the order as the boy using a fast speed darted till he was in front of him to put the handgun firing end on his chest. He quickly in a fast speed brought his hands on the gun yanking out the gun cartridge in it and dropping it to the floor while seeing that the boy didn’t appear to notice that. He heard a loud click from the gun and saw the boy’s face turn into panic who darted out of the room in some slow running speed which he followed in a fast speed motion overtaking the boy to block the way. Jinks saw the boy looked shocked before throwing fists at him which he easily blocked remembering his karate. Jinks grabbed the boy by the throat and lifted him up dangling his feet as he brought a fist into the boy’s stomach punching hard as rage arrive taking control. He heard choking noises from the boy as he punched. Jinks felt hands grab his hands freeing the boy and stopping his punching thrusting them behind his back in an ironclad grip. He heard a male voice unfamiliar speaking in foreign language ordering the boy to leave and forget about visiting the building once outside on the sidewalk. He struggled against the hands as the boy darted around him going out of sight. He felt himself forced to turn around by the hands’ owner still gripping him hauling him to the dining room where he saw a female sitting in a chair that flashed golden eyes of a Builder there. He felt himself forced to sit in a chair and freed which he twisted his form to his left to see a man wearing Alexei Zesky like clothing with short blond hair and a cane in one hand that went to a chair to sit next to the female. Jinks snarled growling an anger as the man spoke in foreign language ordering him to stay seated in the chair. 
He felt himself calmer to snarl loudly “Who the depths are you two? You should have left my home with that bastard.” 
He glared at the two who appeared to ignore his words as the male spoke “My name is Barry and this is Tatiana and we’re Builders. That’s all you should know about us.” 
He found the compulsion to sit gone stood up to hear Barry add “I didn’t give you permission to get up.” 
Jinks swore a profanity comment at Barry and took off running towards the gym room out of the dining room to the hallway. He arrived at the gym room to find the doors shut which he yanked them open and stared with shock to see Barry inside the room with a glare on the Builder’s face. 
He stared at Barry who spoke “Go to the dining room to sit.” 
He felt rage charged at Barry full body attack only find himself on the floor on his stomach. He groaned as he realized that Barry stepped aside and tripped him to land on the floor. Jinks rolled on his back and with a karate move swung himself up to stand.
He again heard Barry speak “Go to the dining room.” 
Jinks folded his arms and spoke a profanity comment along with saying “Go to the depths.” 
He stared at Barry to blink his eyes to find himself gagged on the throat by a hand on it which he saw belonged to the Builder. He struggled against Barry’s ironclad grip using karate motions finding that they had no effect on Barry who forced walked him out of the gym room taking a route to the dining room and forced him to sit in a chair. Jinks felt himself getting angry as Barry released his hold on his neck. He snarled out an inhuman cry as rage arrived and struggled to get out of the chair while feeling a hand touching his head. He felt his arms feeling glued to the armrests of the chair as his anger ran through him formed an image of the sinister door and heard Barry’s voice sounding in foreign language ordering him to keep the Darkness in control. He felt his anger simmering stopped struggling to feel the hand off his head which he saw belonged to Barry who went to sit down next to Tatiana. 
He whined in a whining tone “What’s your purpose Barry?”
He cut himself off as Barry looked at him with golden eyes and a glare on the Builder’s face. Jinks slouched in the chair as a memory of himself younger aged a teenager in high school aged sixteen standing outside a large fence area watching people shoot each other with guns and getting splattered with paint splotches on their jumpsuits. He groaned for his Mom had forbidden him to play paintball felt to himself that he didn’t care for he’s playing anyway. He turned and walked to the racks holding guns and jumpsuits only to be blocked by an older man he remembering was Barry who spoke foreign language in a compelling voice tone which he recalled the words that the Builder was ordering him to go home. He remembering recalled taking the public bus home to a street which he got off and walked to a quiet street and continued walking till he reached the apartment complex he lived with his Mom. He reached the apartment to see Barry standing on the steps who proceeded to order him to let him inside the apartment with compelling tones in foreign language. Jinks obeyed unlocking the door and walking inside followed by Barry who ordered him to kneel on the rugged floor as Barry walked up to him putting a hand on his head. 
He heard Barry repeatedly chant the words “Death cannot touch us we will live forever, live forever.”
Jinks felt a headache arrive to shut his eyes and saw in his mind an image of a windy tornado that broke apart and in its place was a black door that made him think it was sinister dubbed Darkness. Jinks felt Barry remove his hand from his head ordering him to mentally open the door which he obeyed jerking backwards raising his head up gasping loudly as pain hit him in the chest followed by the pain going away. Jinks lowered his head as Barry ordered him to shut the door which he obeyed and was ordered to forget about meeting him who he blinked his eyes to discover Barry gone and went to the desk to do homework till his Mom came home from work. 
Jinks blinked his eyes of the memory as another memory popped in his mind of a white hallway him recalling he was walking to a stage to speak a debate with the incumbent Mayor he was challenging for the position. His way got blocked by a man which Jinks remembering recognized him as Barry who spoke in foreign language in a compelling tone ordering him to use the Darkness and to forget meeting him. He blinked his eyes recalling what happened next is he arrived to the stage to a wooden pulpit stand with a microphone attached and knocked aside bullets aimed at him while waving his hands as if gesturing during his talking. He felt shock running through him as he realized that Barry was in his life introducing him to the Darkness and helping save his life. He frowned as he got a memory of himself at a karate tournament as a black belt fighting opponents in karate as in knocking them off their feet twice and winning the fight. He during a break of fighting recalled meeting Barry who told him to give humility to an opponent while indicating to a fighter by pointing at him. Jinks recalled Barry pointed at Lance Knight nearby fighting an opponent which he watched as if drawn to sense that his son was using his Master powers to win the fight. He had felt himself realizing what Barry implied to glare at Lance Knight and mentally told himself to use his powers to outwit his son if he met in a fight. Jinks recalling got his opportunity to meet Lance Knight in a fight which he used the Master to block his son’s powers from affecting him. He recalled meeting Lance Knight in a fight in his apartment which he defeated his son. 
Jinks frowned as the memory stopped playing in his mind to think wondering what Barry is doing to him eyed the Builder that was busy reading the Master’s Herald while seeing Tatiana reading King’s Times. He frowned as Tatiana put the paper down with a fast motion while looking disgusted on her face. Jinks saw Barry lean over whispering in Tatiana’s ear which he lip read the Builder telling her to keep on reading the paper for there should be something interesting to discuss in it. He frowned wondering what Tatiana’s purpose with Barry was which made him confused. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “You can get up now and go to the gym room.”
Jinks found himself obeying got up and sensed the Builders following him to the gym room which he went to stand in front of the targets as they stood in front of the weapons wall. Jinks frown as Tatiana yanked a knife from the wall throwing it at him which he easily plucked from the air hand grabbing the handle. He saw her gesture to toss it back to him which he obeyed watching her catch the weapon and put it back on the wall. He frowned as Tatiana proceeded to play the game of catch the weapon with him she tossed to him which him tossing them back to her. 
He found the weapon throwing stopped by Barry clearing his throat loudly before speaking “Hit the elevator Jinks.” 
Jinks found himself compelled to obey went to the elevator getting inside followed by the Builders which he saw Barry press the button labeled to the lobby. He felt the elevator go down which reaching its destination walked out followed by the two. He frowned as his eyes focused on the doors showing an angry female wearing a waitress outfit dart inside with golden eyes of a Builder scream in compelling tones ordering the guards to arm their guns which he heard arming sounds. Jinks willed the Master through to wave hands mentally ordering the guns to jam as the woman screamed telling the guards to aim their guns at him and fire which he heard multiple sounds of gun jamming noises. He eyed the woman who pulled out a kitchen knife and threw it at him which he easily caught to drop it on the floor. He eyed the woman who again spoke in the compelling voice tone ordering him to grab a gun and shoot himself which he found himself balking to the order. He saw that the woman looked frustrated again ordered the guards to attack him physically which he waved his hands mentally ordering paralysis to hit his guards and sensed it take effect. He stared at the woman who charged at him with hands fisted. He mentally ordered her feet paralyzed seeing her tip back and forth with anger still on her face. Jinks saw Barry appear in a light show next to the woman leaning forward to whisper in her ear. 
He lip read “Go seek professional help from a therapist at the hospital. It’s not embarrassing to do that.” 
He eyed the woman as Barry faded from view via light show to see her eyes stopped flaring golden with some dazed look on her face that looked like she was in shock as he willed the paralysis away from her before turning around and walking out. Jinks willed the paralysis away from his guards along with mentally ordering the guns to stop jamming while hearing gun shut off sounds. 
He felt a hand on his shoulder to look and saw Barry standing next to him who spoke “Come along Jinks.” 
Jinks wordlessly followed as Barry released his hold on his shoulder to the elevator and went inside which he saw the Builder press the button to the penthouse. 
He felt the elevator’s motions as it went up to the penthouse and once inside he stood as Barry spoke “Jinks, you can put away the Darkness now.” 
He obeyed feeling the itchiness on his back stop as Barry added “Tatiana and I will be back.”
He watched the Builders leave to the elevator and watched them go in with the doors shut behind them. He sighed and felt a compulsion to go to Victoria’s room which he obeyed reaching the door and finding it shut. He sighed and knocked on the door three times and waited as the door opened showing Victoria looking angry judging by the expression on her face but wasn’t aimed at him due to how distracted she looked. Jinks didn’t say a word gently hugged Victoria who stiffened in his arms. 
He spoke in a soothing voice “The Karate I’m teaching you was to actually teach you how to defend yourself from people especially bullies and people who might cause harm to you like my grip on your neck the other day.” 
He felt her relax as she spoke sounding distracted “Ok Dad.” 
He gently released his arms from around her and stepped back walking away going to his bedroom to sit in an armchair. 
He heard a knock on his closed doors spoke loudly “Enter.”
Jinks frowned seeing Gustav looking serious enter the room shutting the door behind him. 
He stared at Gustav who spoke “Ms. Israel who called the other day admitted on the phone today that she’s the school’s female gym teacher that she suspected that Victoria was having a problem bothering her invited her over to her place with the excuse of meeting her daughter who’s in ninth grade. She had Victoria sleepover with lots of convincing that agreed to her request. Victoria according to Ms. Israel was caught crying in the bathroom after taking so long in there which Ms. Israel barged in and got Victoria to admit her problem. Ms. Israel was told by Victoria that two weeks ago one of the seventh grade girls very popular among her peers during gym class when the gym teacher wasn’t present knocked Victoria off her feet and kneeled on her chest which she used a self defense move to get the girl off of her. The problem that made Victoria upset was that the girls she was friendly with refused to have anything to do with her and the popular girl through word of mouth got the rest of the seventh grade girls to outcast her. As a result Victoria has been spending nights crying in her bedroom staying up very late from the crying and not getting much sleep hence her nodding off in classes. Ms. Israel admitted that she also works as a student therapist was alerted by the school teachers about Victoria appearing to be sleepy in class and having some of her school work suffering which the teachers suspected that she was having a problem bothering her.”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Gustav paused then continued to speak “Ms. Israel told me that the school offers after school classes on self defense for girls two days a week and wants to know if you can teach some of the classes. This is because of the girls attending classes haven’t been that focused in learning self defense but more interested in talking to each other than learning. As a result numerous teachers have cut the classes short and have refused to come back and do more teaching.”
Jinks frowned some more as an image of Lance flashed in his mind followed by his father’s voice speaking “Your teaching the class.” 
He shrugged it off and spoke “When the class is?”
He stared at Gustav who spoke “It starts at an early evening hour today Thursday along with the other class day is on Tuesday next week. I should tell you that Ms. Israel recommended that Victoria stay home from school for a few days to rest.” 
Jinks spoke “I would like the car to be ready to drive me to the school for me to teach the class.”
Jinks saw Gustav nod his head with approval in his eyes. 
He added “Dismissed.” 
Jinks watched the butler leave the room which he eyed the clock seeing the time was around one o’clock and thought to himself “I might as well teach Victoria some karate.” 
He got up and walked out of the bedroom heading to Victoria’s room. Reaching the door he knocked on it the three knocks and waited while flaring the Master through him as she opened the door looking like she was in a calm mood but not happy to see him. 
Jinks spoke “I insist you go to the gym room to learn karate starting now.”
He narrowed his eyes glaring at Victoria who appeared to not look happy about that obeyed walking out of the room into the hallway with him following her to the gym room. Once inside he placed an arm around her neck and grabbed some of her hair with his other hand. 
He willed the Master away as he spoke in a taunting voice “Get out of my grip Vicky by using the karate I taught you to free yourself.” 
He felt her hesitate added still using the taunting voice “Oh come on Vicky what are you afraid of?”
Jinks felt satisfaction hit him as Victoria in response proceeded to use the karate she was taught on him getting out of his grips. He retaliated by grabbing her again in another grip as she again used the karate to get out of his arms. He proceeded to throw every single grip move he could think of on Victoria while glaring at her with some stare as she in response proceeded to use the karate to free herself. He during a bout of this heard a throat clearing noise from the doorway paused to look and saw Gustav standing there. 
He frowned as the butler spoke “Its dinnertime.” 
He noticed Gustav gave him a glare as Victoria walked out of the room while indicating him to follow with a head gesture. Jinks obeyed going to the dining room to find a cup full of strawberry milkshake on the table in his usual dining spot. He sighed and went to sit drinking the strawberry milkshake finding himself much better from it while realizing that Victoria using the karate on him had him affected him enough to require a drink. 
Jinks finished with the drink spoke while noticing Victoria finished eating “Victoria, I’ve been asked to teach self defense classes at the middle school for girls by a teacher from the school. I like to know if you would want to come along.” 
He stared at Victoria who shook her head no and spoke “I have homework to do so I can’t go.” 
He nodded his head and leaned forward to place a hand on her shoulder sensing her not minding the gesture. 
He heard “Excuse me, Master Jinks.” 
He looked at the butler recognizing the speaker while removing his hand from Victoria’s shoulder. 
Gustav spoke “Due to traffic at this hour you’re required to leave a bit early along with that there’s clothes for you to wear in your bedroom on the bed.” 
Jinks nodded his head and got up walking to his bedroom which he spotted on his made bed were clothes. He exchanged the clothes he was wearing for the clothes on the bed finding them to be in the color black as in black sweatpants and a T-shirt appearing to be made out of cotton and put back on the sneakers he was wearing. He left the room to the elevator taking a route to the garage room to spot the driver standing in front of a sedan that opened the car door seeing him. Jinks got inside hearing the driver slam the door behind him. Jinks hunted for his seat belt putting it on as the driver got inside and heard him put on his seatbelt followed by starting up the car with voice commands. He peered out the window as the car drove out of the building into the streets and realized that Gustav was right about traffic as the car took a route to the middle school. Once arriving there he walked inside and spotted the office with a secretary there which he went in asking for the room while identifying himself as the teacher to teach self defense without mentioning his name. He frowned as the secretary stared at him with widen eyes who told him the directions to the room which he followed to find a large room with a matted floor and a group of seven girls busy chatting among each other not noticing him come in. He frowned eying the girls shrugged and went to do his stretching exercises in the middle of the room flexing his muscles. He sensed during his stretching the girls become silent and felt them staring at him as he finished his exercises to get up with a karate swing up move. He turned to face the girls with arms folded seeing that they appeared to be widened eyed staring at him with some shocked expressions on their faces. 
Jinks spoke in a serious tone “Ladies get yourself stretching now.” 
He gave them a glare seeing them still agape which he added “I said get yourself stretching now.” 
He saw them shake their heads before scattering in the room doing stretching exercises appearing to copy his motions. He went around the room gently correcting the girls’ stretching motions till the exercise was finished. He proceeded to teach them self defense seeing them appear to be paying attention to him and his orders. Jinks found that the girls weren’t giving any trouble and appeared to be very attentive to his teaching till he heard a loud ahem sounding in a female voice. 
He looked at the doorway to spot a woman dressed in a pant suit who spoke “I’m closing the school for the night.” 
He spoke in response “Ladies class is over. I expect you to show up at the next class time.” 
He heard nothing from the girls but giggling sounds as they left the room with him following followed by the woman in the pant suit. 
Once outside the school he heard the woman spoke “A moment of your time Mister Montreal.”
He frowned wondering if Ms. Israel told her about him as he turned to look at her. 
The woman spoke “I’m Lisa Wells the school principal just to let you know.” 
He nodded his head as she added “The previous teachers have been complaining to me about the girls talking too much in classes and not paying attention to their teaching. The girls’ talking has been overheard focused on talking about males which is the boys in school on how they look to them to well known males in the entertainment industry. I figured that the girls not giving you trouble is because they seem to like you.”
He frowned as Lisa paused to give off a laugh before speaking “You’re a very handsome male easy on the eyes which explains why the girls in class are doing what your ordering them judging by them staring at you with smitten looks along with appearing to be dazed from you touching them when correcting their movements.”
He felt himself getting sheepish sighed as Lisa continued speaking “The school is having a dance for students tomorrow in the evening around seven o’clock. I need a male chaperone to help another and I keep order among the students. I like to know if you can help out.” 
He shocked himself by saying “I’ll help out.” 
He stared at Lisa who spoke “Thanks I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
Jinks watched her walk to the cars in the parking lot which he walked his car seeing his driver standing in front of the car’s side. He sat inside as the car drove to the home place building and once inside he went to the penthouse by elevator. Once inside he felt a compulsion to go to the kitchen obeyed to see Victoria looking like she was crying sitting on the bench back to the table held in Jacqueline’s arms with Jacqueline sitting next to her. 
He frowned as Jacqueline noticing him spoke “Victoria your father is here. I like to know if I can tell him what was discussed for he’s your father and should know of it.” 
He frowned seeing Victoria nod her head as Jacqueline added “Victoria is upset not having a mother to explain some female issues to her that is happening along with feeling frustrated that she has problems admitting things to you due to thinking that you’ll react quite negatively. She had a problem at school which I informed her that you know of it from Gustav telling you.”
He kept his mouth shut went to Victoria to squat putting a hand on her arm seeing she was in tears. 
He spoke “Victoria I’ll try my best to be a listener for you on whatever problem is bothering you and that you can talk to Jacqueline on female’s issues for I’m sure she knows how you feel.”
He paused as he saw Victoria nod her head who appeared to be still clingy to Jacqueline by keeping her form leaning on her. Jinks removed his hand to grip Victoria’s hand feeling it squeezed in a gentle grip as he noticed a look on Jacqueline’s face. 
He frowned as Jacqueline moved her mouth him lip reading “There’s more said between the two of us that we want to discuss and you shouldn’t be around to hear of it.”
He nodded his head as he straightened his form releasing Victoria’s hand.
He spoke “Jacqueline, please see that Victoria is in bed at a decent hour.”
He heard an mm hmm from Jacqueline as he added “Victoria you can discuss anything with the servants but they have the responsibility of telling me about the discussion if it’s serious enough for me to know of it.” 
He saw Victoria nod her head as he leaned down and kissed her forehead then turned around walking out of the kitchen taking the hallway to his bedroom which he felt himself tired eyed the clock seeing it said eight thirty in the evening. He sigh going to the made bed to grab his pajama pants and went into the bathroom. He came out clad in the pajama pants his hair partly damp which he went to the bed yanking the blankets and once inside threw the blankets over his head as he laid on his side shutting his eyes. He dreamed of himself meeting Lance who looked like he was angry about something and appearing to be distracted. 
He placed a hand on his father’s shoulder who spoke sounding upset “I never raised my children I had with females over the years. I’m quite envious that you have the opportunity to do that which I’m fine with but am struggling to get over being upset about it.” 
He didn’t say a word gently hugged Lance who didn’t seem to mind being hugged. He felt his father get annoyed by the stiffening feeling which he stopped hugging Lance as he felt his eyes forced shut losing sensation of everything followed by blackness. 
Jinks woke up hearing the alarm sounding which he eyed the clock seeing it say its usual time felt himself quite rested got up to head to the closet putting on his usual black colored clothing which was a pair of pants and a long sleeve top including his socks and sneakers on his feet including doing his hair. He left the bedroom spotting Gustav in his familiar spot with the familiar look on his face which he nodded his head towards the butler and went to the dining room to sit for his meal. He waited as Jacqueline arrived carrying a tray with nourishment on it. 
Jinks ate the food and once done spoke “Victoria?”
He stared at Jacqueline who spoke “I made sure that Victoria was in bed by nine thirty. Some of our discussion was on an outcast male student a seventh grader named Mavis Petersen who’s being friendly with her in the lunch room after she was outcast by the seventh grade girls. She admits that she has been eating lunch with him and he has been doing most of the talking complaining about his life to her while she has been giving him input along with sympathy. She in return has admitted some problems in school to him which he has sympathized in return.”
Jinks frowned as Jacqueline kept talking “Mavis during one of his talks with Victoria has admitted that he’s not Human but part of a manoid race called Builder and thinks this has something to do with the other males in his grade out casting him. Victoria has told him that it was wrong of the students to do that if it wasn’t nice of them.”
Jinks frowned as Jacqueline picked up the tray and left him entering the kitchen. He picked up the Master’s Herald reading interested articles with catchy headlines.
Jinks found a blurb saying "We're suspecting a Human male for not being Human but somewhat deity like due to there being evidence to back that up once identity is confirmed." 
Jinks felt his senses blare an alarm after reading the blurb. He picked up King’s Times and began reading it only to find an editorial with the same subject in the article. His senses again blares an alarm which he figured that the articles seem to be talking about him. It annoyed him as he put down the newspaper and got up going to the TV room to verbally turn the TV on to a local news channel. He felt himself bored with the news report talking about a new medical procedure recently approved to take parts of body organs from donors dead or alive and put the part into the patient to repair damage to organs with no problems of rejecting or having to take anti rejection medicine for life due to receiving a donated organ. Jinks felt himself bored stared at the wall as the news report continued till they started talking about something else.
Jinks jerked his eyes towards the TV to see the reporters talking "Local tabloid newspapers blaring reports of a Human male not yet identified but suspected to be deity like with abilities that was impossible to explain." 
He stiffened as his senses again blares an alarm while listening to the TV hearing them add "The tabloids have been blaring that for awhile which has become popular among people living in the city." 
Jinks groaned loudly as the TV continued to talk "The tabloids’ newspaper editors when pressed for comments have been insisting its true by saying that they have witness testimonies and evidence from people from the past that recently came out admitting this suspicion on a Human male and the editors have been tightlipped on the male’s identity."
He sat up straight as the broadcast mentioned "We wound up asking the editors about the evidence they have which all except one were tightlipped with the one admitting that part of the evidence they have is very old and became tightlipped when pressed to explain."
Jinks groan hearing the broadcast as it changed to something else focusing on entertaining movies which he ordered the TV off and got up figuring that he’ll go to the kitchen. He went to the kitchen and inside paused to see Victoria sitting at the bench table dressed in her bathrobe with pajama pants peeking and messy hair eating breakfast back to him. He sat down next to her back to the table and folded his arms. He heard a ringing noise loudly sounding like a phone spotted Jacqueline going to a console on the wall lifting up a headset from a hook and putting it on her head. 
He listened as he heard her speak “Montreal residence.”
He frowned staring at Jacqueline seeing her hands become fists and heard her yell “No comment!”
He frowned further as she yanked off the headset thrusting it on the hook with such force before going to her husband to whisper words while covering her mouth before darting out of the kitchen slamming the swinging doors. 
Jinks spoke remembering Jacqueline's husband was named John “John, who was that on the phone?”
He frowned as the cook gave him a glare while narrowing his eyes and moving his mouth which he lips read “Not in front of Victoria.”
Jinks saw the cook turn his attention towards the stove as he turned his attention towards Victoria. He recalled the school principal mentioning the school dance happening in the evening. 
He spoke “Victoria, I was informed yesterday that there’s a school dance happening at the school at seven o’clock and asked to help chaperone the dance with the principal and another.”
He paused as Victoria looked at him speaking “Mavis a friend of mine asked me to go with him to the dance which I said yes after he did some convincing saying that the both of us being at the dance will spite the students who out casted us and we’ll make sure we both have a good time there.”
Jinks spoke “You’ll have a good time Victoria. Oh how do you expect me to treat you there?”
He saw her frown before she spoke “Just refrain from blabbing to people that I’m your daughter act like you don’t know me and don’t answer people’s questions when they bring up the subject.”
His senses blared a warning as she turned her attention to the food while staring out the window which he recalled the TV broadcast and wondered if she knew anything about it or suspect him being the person their talking about. 
He spoke “Victoria.” 
Jinks waited as she looked at him whom he added “Have you heard of this rumor going around about a Human male suspected to be not human?”
He frowned seeing her eyes widen with shock in them and then she spoke “I’ve heard of the rumor and figured out that it was you.” 
He groans softly to speak “I read this in the newspapers and seen the TV broadcast about it. I like to know what you think about it for the TV broadcast mentions that it’s popular among city people.” 
He saw her frown before speaking with an edge in her voice “The news is just some fad hitting people that will lose interests in it and it’ll go away.’ 
Jinks frown as she turned her head away concentrating on her food. 
He heard a throat clearing noise sounding which he looked to see John who mouthed “That was what I wanted to talk to you about.”
Jinks frowned as the cook resumed cooking on the stove as Jacqueline arrived with Gustav who had a glare on his face. 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Gustav spoke “Jacqueline told me that someone from a newspaper she’s aware that it’s a tabloid asked to talk to you who she figured out why and hung up on the person then went to inform the rest of us of that.”
Jinks spoke “Would this have something to do with the tabloids blaring articles about a Human male suspected to not be Human with unexplained abilities? I got it straight from the editorial articles in the newspaper and seeing a broadcast on the TV. I heard its some popular fad hitting people around the city.”
He heard Victoria give off a cough sound like she was choking on her food and looked at her. He saw she looked shocked by the expression on her face. 
He spoke “Victoria have people been talking to you about suspecting me for being that person?”
He saw he eyes widen and spoke “I like to know what’s up with you acting like this.” 
Jinks heard a groan come from Victoria who spoke “I heard the story in school from overhearing some girls’ talk but didn’t believe it at first. While outside of the school I felt like I was being filmed by camera and the driver has reported some van following which he would drive all over the place just to lose the van before driving me home. This happened since the rumor started with the following and filming has been kept up since starting two weeks ago along with the principal before school told me to tell you that news reporters have shown up at the school asking about me before being kicked out by security.” 
Jinks frown nodding his head as Victoria continued talking “One of my teachers in computer class taught us students the search engine on the internet to use for finding things which I used after school while waiting for the driver to arrive. I was practicing what I learned and typed your name to discover numerous articles on you which I skimmed some of them. There were articles mentioning a former King with the name and there was a picture a male looking exactly like you in one of those articles along with articles on a karate champion with the same name years before I was born and before the former King took office. I found a picture of the karate champion looking exactly like you and I figured out that the rumor was true and focused on you.” 
He gave off a sound of disgust as his daughter kept talking “Day Miss. Israel invited me over to her house I felt a creepy feeling of being watched and saw a Highlander standing nearby outside staring at me with a narrowed eyed look that creep me out to figure that he was scanning my mind. The highlander kept staring at me even when I got into Miss Israel’s car and I looked through the side mirror to see a van following the car for some time which I pointed out to Miss Israel who stopped the car and got out walking straight to the van. The van in question made a U turn and took off and there hasn’t been any suspicious vehicles following till I reach Miss Israel’s house but arriving there felt myself being filmed. Miss Israel’s daughter seemed too excited to meet me and was asking questions about my life which I wasn’t forthcoming with. Miss Israel after catching me crying in the bathroom admitted that she had an ulterior motive to inviting me over to her house after I admitted the outcast problem. She admitted that she heard a rumor around school from eavesdropping people’s talk about them talking about some male being not Human which she figured it was my father due to some news reporters she met asking about me for details while on the way to her car some days ago. According to her she balked talking when it was apparent the reporters were indicating on something else and was recently by some teachers saying that I was appearing to be sleepy in class with dark circles underneath my eyes and my school work wasn’t up to normal standards. She told me she wondered if the rumor she suspected had to do with my father was bothering me which she saw it wasn’t.” 
He frowned as Victoria became silent and heard Jacqueline speak “Victoria admitted this situation to me during a private talk and was upset about it thinking it’s why the students at school out casted her which I in the morning called Miss Israel to discuss the subject. I had a length talk with her who admitted that the school had a teacher only meeting three days ago when she was informed of Victoria’s behavior with the subject about the rumor and protecting Victoria from public scrutiny. The school thinks Victoria should have a normal life as normal as possible without public interference.”
He heard Jacqueline become silent spoke eyes on his daughter “You still want to go to the school dance happening later with me present there?”
He stated at his daughter who spoke “I’m going and I don’t mind you there but I prefer to go in separate cars just to keep myself out of the spotlight and keep people’s focus on you and off me.” 
He nodded his head feeling himself agree as Victoria got up speaking “I have to figure out what to wear for the school dance.” 
He watched her leave and groaned loudly. 
He heard Jacqueline speak “My husband and me along with Gustav were hired for our jobs by a Highlander group called Scotland.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as she continued speaking “Scotland gave not much information on who we were serving but we were told that the Master we were serve was very guarded on his privacy and hated being in public. We signed some oath of secrecy paperwork form with very expensive money bonuses which we would get if we keep our mouths shut on the Master’s secrets after we retire.”
Jinks frown to look at Jacqueline who paused then continued to speak “All three of us were shocked to see the Master was you who we at first thought was related to a former King from the looks of you but figured out from your eating habits and not aging as Victoria grew up that there was something not Human like about you. We managed to guard this fact to ourselves while keeping an ear open for any talk about you any way during our travels in the city.”
Jinks frowned to nod his head as Gustav speaks “I answered the phone two days ago with a caller ID saying it was from a public phone without listing the location and got a male sounding like a Builder from the voice tone telling me to tell the others to keep our mouths shut or else while not indicating what the threat was aimed at before hanging up.” 
Jinks opened his mouth when the phone shrilled its sound.
He looked at the console and heard Gustav speak “I’ll get it.”
Jinks watched Gustav answer the phone putting a head set on his head speaking “It’s from a pay phone according to caller ID.” 
He frown seeing Gustav press a button on the console speaking “Montreal residence.”
Jinks watched Gustav whose hands became fisted and heard the butler’s angry voice speaking “That threat should be explained to me for I’m confused and I don’t know what the point is.” 
He heard a pause followed by the butler give of a harrumph like sound before speaking “I and the servants signed warrants for our deaths if we talk which there’s a money bonus for us if we retire for us to live on comfortably.”
He heard Gustav pause followed by speaking “Good riddance.” 
He saw Gustav yank off the head set putting it back on the wall by the hook before turning around.  
Jinks spoke “Was that the Builder who called the threat before?”
He stared at Gustav who spoke “The caller was female sounding Human with hints of you in her voice tone and that the call was through an operator saying it was long distance. The female not identifying herself threatened execution of us servants if we talked about the Master while not indicating who that was. I asked her to explain and she said it was you who is a part of her and she expects people to stop talking about him. I replied talking about the oath of secrecy paperwork I and the others signed as death warrants while telling her that there was money bonuses for us if we retire for us to live on comfortably. She said she has people spying and will make sure people face death if they talk by setting off assassins which before I was about to talk she hung up and I hung up.”
Jinks groaned and felt an impulse to leave the kitchen walked out to the TV room to sit on the couch. He felt sleepiness leaned back shutting his eyes while sitting on the couch. He dreamed of Lance who was appearing to be smirking that annoyed him. 
Lance spoke “I have something planned to keep people from picking on you.” 
He heard an edge in Lance’s voice figured to himself that his father was up to something spoke “Your up to something what is it?”
He stiffened as Lance looked at him with a black eyed glare followed by his father’s hand on his throat gagging him. 
He listened while gagged as Lance spoke “I’m disappointed in you for not trusting me with your problems. I expect you to trust me blindly period without being informed of what I have planned for the problems.” 
He found his eyes forced shut woke up to feel an impulse to turn on the TV and felt bored about them talking about the new medical procedure. 
He felt his boredom stop by them talking "A Human male not being Human rumor the tabloids’ upper ranked employees including the editors that produced the articles actually know who this male is from lower ranked employees suspecting this by their behavior." 
Jinks groan loudly as the reporters add "There’s a rumor among sources that the male is very well off in money indicated as a reclusive billionaire who could explain why the tabloids are being tightlipped on whom the male is." 
Jinks frowned hearing that as the reporters add "The source are saying that the tabloids are hesitating on revealing who that male is due to the male billionaire possibly be able to shut them down as in suing them in court for trashing his reputation and interfering with his privacy hence the hesitation." 
He frowned forming it on his lips as the broadcast continued to talk "The rumor of the male being a billionaire is not the first time the tabloids trashed someone well off for they did that before several times to reported millionaires. One of them wound up suing the tabloids in court with the judge siding with the victim and imposed a heavy million dollar fine on the tabloids to pay. An editor of a tabloid replaced another editor that was gunned down in a drive by shooting and one of the millionaire victims victimized by the gunned down editor bragged about setting off assassins to kill that editor off. The millionaire in question would up out casted from social circles and lost his fortune to die a homeless bum in the city."
Jinks frowned wondering what Lance had planned as the news report turn to entertainment on actors and actresses which he ordered the TV off. He got up wandering to the gym room thinking about the news broadcast as he arrived there and didn’t feel like doing any karate got down on the floor doing his familiar stretching exercises feeling himself better from doing it. He kneeled to stare at the mirror at his reflection before shutting his eyes finding his mind too cluttered to ghost walk which he willed himself to mediate. He heard an excuse me comment sounding like Gustav’s voice from behind him. Jinks opened his eyes to peer through the mirror at the butler who had a glare on his face. 
Gustav spoke “Its lunchtime.”
He frowned getting up to walk to the dining room to spot Victoria still wearing her bathrobe with pajamas peeking out and her hair still messy eating there which he found a cup full of strawberry milkshake set for him on the table. He drank it all up while eyeing Victoria wolfing down her food before getting up darting out of the dining room. He wandered into the kitchen to spot Jacqueline washing the dishes. 
Jinks spoke “Jacqueline why is Victoria still in her pajamas?”
He heard Jacqueline gave off a laugh before speaking “When I was Victoria’s age I spent all day trying to figure out what to wear and how to wear my hair for a date with John who I was in love with and is still in love with.” 
Jinks spoke “Does Victoria have some interest in Mavis?”
Jacqueline he stared at spoke “Victoria admitted seeing him as a friend and to me before your arrival the previous night that she wanted to flaunt herself to the students in school at the dance as a way of saying that out casting her was a mistake and she’s worthy of being a friend with.” 
He spoke as Jacqueline resumed her dish washing “Ok.”
He walked out of the kitchen and wandered to the gym room which he went through the motions of karate taking his time with it then knelt facing the target wall to mediate letting his thoughts wander about the Human male not being Human rumor in his mind and thinking about what Lance had in mind for him to do. 
His reverie was broken by Victoria speaking “Dad.” 
He opened his eyes to look on his left to see Victoria dressed in a long sleeve dress that reminded him of a prom dress with high heeled shoes on her feet and hair pulled back. 
He stared at her as she spoke “Do you like the outfit?”
He frowned to speak “Its looking too fancy for the dance.”
He heard Victoria give up a darn comment before darting out of the doorway leaving the doors open. 
He went back to his mediating to hear her speak “Dad.” 
Jinks looked at Victoria seeing her wearing jeans and a t-shirt like top as she spoke “What do you think?”
He commented “It looks too casual for the dance.”
He saw her frown as she spoke “Darn.”
He watched her dart out of sight. Jinks figured to himself that she was modeling outfits to him to get his opinion on which one to wear for the school dance which she returned wearing an up to her knees length tank top like dress with some cleavage. 
He got up folding his arms while speaking “You’re not going to the dance looking like that and I mean it.” 
He saw her frown which he added “You should add some coverage for your legs along with coverage for your chest then you’ll be fine for the dance.”
He saw her dart out as he stood with arms folded eyes aimed at the doorway as she came back wearing colored tights underneath her dress ending at her ankles which he figured were leggings while wearing some sneaker like shoe including a tank top underneath the dress covering her cleavage and a long sleeve opened sweater with buttons. Jinks nodded his head forming approval in his face. 
Victoria spoke “I have to attend to my hair and make up.” 
He quickly followed her to her room speaking her name halting her progress as she turned around to face him. 
He spoke “You better show me how you decorated your face with make up for my approval.” 
He saw Victoria frown as he gave her a serious expression on his face as he followed her to her room which he stood in the hallway waiting for his daughter to come out. His patience was rewarded when Victoria came out with her face having make up on it which he saw was too much to his standards. 
Jinks spoke “It’s too much for your face just wear something for your eyes.” 
He saw her face fell which he gave her a glare while adding “You’re not going looking like that period.” 
He glared at Victoria who walked into her bedroom gently closing the door behind her. Jinks waited as Victoria came out with her face no longer having make up on but noticed some of it on her eyelashes. 
He spoke “I approve. I like to know how your plan to fix your hair.” 
He frowned as she spoke “I plan to fix it up in braids which I better get started on doing it for it’ll take awhile to fix my hair in that style.” 
He watched her walk into her room gently closing the door behind her. Jinks wandered to the dining room to sit with arms folded leaning against the chair lost in thought.
He heard “Excuse me.”
Jinks broke his reverie to look up at Gustav standing on his left who spoke “It’s dinnertime and I’ll inform Victoria.”
He nodded his head and sat as the butler walked out of sight. He eyed the kitchen doors seeing them open as Jacqueline arrived with a tray smelling of food which she placed on the table in front of an empty chair and took an extra cup appearing to be filled with strawberry milkshake from it to set in front of him before stepping back to give him her familiar look. He felt confusion hitting him wondering why he was fed more food than normal. His thoughts were interrupted by Victoria entering the room wearing her hair pulled back in double braids starting on the sides of her head. 
Jinks spoke as she reached the table to sit down “You look fine for the dance.” 
He saw her nod her head as she sat down and began eating the food in front of her as he drank his nourishment drink. 
He once finished spoke noticing the butler in his eyes sight “What time I’m expected at the school?”
Gustav spoke “It’ll be best for you to arrive early so the other chaperones can talk to you on who and what to look out for in keeping the peace among the other students. I suggest you leave now just to make time for traffic due to the time of the night it happens.”
Jinks spoke to Victoria “I’ll see you at the school dance.”
He heard her speak as he got up putting the empty cup on the table “See you later Dad.”
He walked out of the dining room taking a route to the garage room to spot a driver standing in front of a sedan which he got in and was driven to the school. He arrived to the familiar office to find a security guy there who looked shocked seeing him. 
Jinks spoke “Where’s the location to the gym room? I’ve been asked to help chaperone the dance.”
He heard the guy’s shocked tone as the man spoke “I’ll lead you there.”
He wordlessly followed the man to the gym room which the guy left him. Once inside he saw Lisa and another woman both dressed in jeans with sweater like tops who seeing him looked shocked. 
He frowned wondering to himself “What’s with the people’s shocked reactions?”
He reached the women to speak “I’m here to be briefed on who and what to look out for when keeping the peace.” 
He saw Lisa shake her head speaking “This is Jinks Montreal, Victoria’s father.”
He frowned seeing the woman’s eyes become bugged as Lisa added “This is Susanna Israel.”
He offered his hand which Miss Israel gripped with nervousness coming from her. He listened as both women tell him on what to do to keep the peace as the DJ arrived with men hauling in equipment setting it up. He listened to the DJ testing his music as the women finished talking. He went to a bleacher bench watching the room as students started arriving who appeared to not notice him even when the gym room became full of students appearing to be dancing to the music and chatting among each other. Jinks felt a compulsion to look at the entrance to spot Victoria enter the room with a male he stiffened recognizing him as the teenage boy Builder that tried to shoot him with a gun. He watched his daughter as if drawn join the crowd to dance. He followed her movements till she went out of sight as if sensing him staring at her. He saw the student abruptly form a circle in the middle during a break from the music not playing and heard a gunshot like sound followed by multiple gasps sounds. Jinks darted up running towards the circle to break through which he found Victoria lying on the floor on her stomach eyes open with a stain on her back appearing to be on her right side and a male a student from the looks of him was standing over her holding a handgun with a smirking look on his face. He felt rage composed himself to remain calm while staring at the boy who looked at him which he allowed the Master through to fist his hands with a glare on his face. Jinks saw the boy’s smirking look go away with fear in his face that drop the gun and dart away as he found himself rooted to the spot. He saw the teenage boy escorting Victoria tackle the shooter boy on the back knocking him to the floor and quickly get on the shooter boy’s back holding him down. 
He heard the teenage boy yell “Burke you’re an idiot for throwing your life away! You’ll pay dearly for shooting Victoria for her father is a billionaire will use his money to make sure you suffer hell for shooting his daughter!”
He turned his attention towards Victoria to sense she’s still alive but fighting to keep her will to live active. He stood staring at her as paramedics arrive examining her and lifting her up onto a stretcher and take her out of the room with him following as in a trance. He followed them out to the ambulance parked in the street which he stood on the sidewalk watching them load Victoria into it and the ambulance drive away. He stood staring at the cars driving by that appear to not notice him and felt his senses blare a warning ignored the feeling till a hand touched him on the arm breaking him of the trance. Jinks willed the Master away unclenching his hands to look on his left to see the hand’s owner was the teenage boy who stared at him with recognition in his eyes. 
He frowned as the teenage boy spoke “My name is Mavis Petersen. I left Victoria to go get a drink of water from the water fountain and heard the gun shot sound and went to investigate. I saw Burke Billbug holding the gun and looking at you with a fear look and saw why which the idiot took off. I ran after Burke to hold him till the cops arrived to arrest him. I recognized you from you staring at Victoria during the dance and figured out that you were her father from her mentioning you to me.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Mavis removed his hand while continuing to speak “I heard nothing said in school about there being a shooting happening and don’t know why Burke targeted Victoria but I suspect it was gang related. There’s a rumor said in school that some gang have members initiated by shooting people which I heard Burke was being recruited by the gang from eavesdropping on students’ talk.”
He again kept his mouth shut as Mavis paused to frown before speaking “You better get going to the hospital to hear news on how Victoria is doing and let them know that you’re aware of what happened to her.” 
He nodded his head giving off a short bob before walking away into the school followed by Mavis through hallways while seeing groups of students gathered there that became silent seeing him as he walked by them. Jinks went out to the parking lot to see a police cruiser there with the shooter boy Burke Billbug he assumed inside looking freaked out by the look on his face seeing him as the cops are standing nearby talking to students while writing notes in notebooks. He raised a fist toward Burke while forming a glare on his face and saw the boy appear to flinch from the gesture. He walked away towards his sedan where the driver was standing in front of it. As he traveled towards the sedan he felt himself filmed and heard his name called sounding from a female voice. He looked at his left to see a news reporter with a cameraman heading towards him by their jogging. Jinks quickly speeded up his walking to reach the car as the news crew reached him. He frowned as the news reporter began asking him questions about being not Human despite looking like one along with what special abilities he has to make him like that. He in response ignored the news crew to dart inside the car and sensed the driver dart into the car by the door slamming noises followed by the car starting and peeling fast out of the parking lot. Jinks looked out the window as an image of Victoria lying shot flashed in his mind. He fell asleep leaning back only to feel a hand tapping his arm which he jerked his eyes open to see the driver leaning over him from outside the car. 
He heard the driver speak “We’re in the castle. I had to drive all over the place to avoid some news van following us which I managed to lose them.” 
He got out of the car taking a route to the penthouse to meet Gustav there that looked upset by the butler’s face. He felt himself too wide awake to sleep went to the kitchen to sit at the bench staring out the window as if in a trance till a hand touched his shoulder breaking him out of it. 
He looked to see the hand’s owner was Jacqueline who spoke “The hospital called and said that Victoria is doing alright according to them but they added about transferring her to a specialized hospital focused on children and didn’t say where it was.”
He bobbed his head as Jacqueline added “The caller was a Highlander without saying his name but said that he was in the Highlander group Scotland and didn’t say anything else to answer my questions about Victoria by saying this mysterious comment that Victoria is out of harm’s way and that you know what he means.”
Jinks again gave the short bob before turning his attention towards the window lost in a trance till he felt a hand touch his shoulder looked to see Gustav. 
The butler spoke “Go to bed Master Jinks. There’s nothing more can be done for Victoria who’s in good hands.”
Jinks got up without a comment as Gustav released his hold on his shoulder which he took a route to the bedroom closing the double doors and once inside fell to his knees crying tears and sounds of anguish. He slid to the floor curling into a ball still having his breakdown till his tears stop and his throat felt raw with pain. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes to pass out unconscious and dreamed of himself facing Lance on the beach. He saw his father looked angry that made him grimace. 
Lance spoke with a furious tone “I planned for Burke Billbug to attack Victoria from behind who would use the karate on him to demonstrate to the girls the importance of learning self defense just to get them impressed with her to be friends with her. I didn’t foreseen Burke would shoot Victoria from behind which tell me that someone else manipulated the situation to have that kid shoot her.”
He grimaces forming it on his face as Lance continued to speak “I asked the Meritanians for help in finding who manipulated Burke to shoot Victoria for I know he didn’t shoot her on purpose judging by the boy’s reaction to you looking at him.” 
Jinks growled an angry sound feeling himself getting angry as Lance kept talking “I alerted Scotland with the Meritanians’ help about the manipulating which they managed to transfer Victoria once she was stabilized to out of state to a home in California own by you and roped your son with his wife to watch her.”
He felt himself angrier as Lance abruptly put hands on his chest and forehead which he found his anger removed finding himself calmer. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “From the look of things this same someone manipulated Burke to shoot Victoria appeared to have told the news crew about you being the one the tabloids were talking about and this tells me that someone had personal experience with you to view you in a negative way hence your daughter’s shooting and the news crew in your face.” 
He found himself remaining calm as his father kept talking “I’m sure that this manipulator will blab your home location to the news affiliates which I mentioned what I told you to Scotland who said that they’ll look into that and beef up security to your home in case this happens.”
Jinks groaned as his father paused to shake his head with disgust on his face before adding “I told Scotland to keep the information on Victoria out of people’s hands and told them not to tell the servants of yours about that for I’m not sure if the manipulator is either a Highlander or has Highlanders working for this fool.” 
He heard a new voice speak “We found who manipulated the situation.” 
He looked at his right to spot the three Meritanians as Lance forced his eyes shut and he came to find himself lying in bed still wearing his clothes and eyed the clock seeing it said nine o’clock in the morning. He felt himself much better but still upset got up to hit the bathroom for a shower the hit the closet for some clothes which he put on his form and did his hair in the bathroom before heading out of the room to meet Gustav who looked nervous by his eyes showing it. Jinks went to the dining room pausing to see that the familiar newspapers were gone from the table as Gustav darted into the kitchen practically running. He got a bad feeling as Jacqueline arrived carrying a tray full of dishware holding food which he noticed she had nervousness in her eyes as she set the tray down on the table. He frowned as the bad feeling became stronger that told him that the servants know something he don’t know and are keeping it from him. He ate the food and drink before getting up to go to the TV room intending to watch TV. He found to his frustration the TV refusing to turn on which he got up to examine the flat screen hung on the wall to notice its not blaring its familiar blue light in the corner that told him that the TV had been shut down. He felt annoyed went to the kitchen to see the servants clam up from talking seeing him and saw them all looking nervous by their faces showing it. 
He spoke “What’s going on with there being no newspapers and the TV not working?”
Silence from the servants was their response as he stared at them as the phone shrilled its noises. 
He heard Jacqueline speak “I’ll get it.” 
He watched as Jacqueline answered the phone speaking “Montreal Residence.” 
Jinks frowned as she spoke “Ok tell the visitors to hurry.” 
He folded his arms forming a glare on his face glaring at the servants as Jacqueline spoke “Master Jinks there’s a visitor coming up in the elevator which you should go to meet.”
He gave off a sound of disgust left the kitchen heading towards the living room to where the elevator stood in a wall watching a screen above it flash numbers indicating its ascending. He felt himself feeling impatient as the elevator finally reached the floor and with a loud ding watched the doors open and widen his eyes of shock seeing Barry and Tatiana both with frowns on their faces step out. 
He exploded talking “The servants are hiding something from me as in keeping the newspapers away from me along with making sure the TV isn’t working!” 
He cut off his talk seeing Barry’s eyes flared golden along with a glare on the Builder’s face. Jinks frowned as Barry’s eyes stopped flaring followed by the Builder speaking with an annoyed tone “I called before arriving here and told the servants to take away the newspapers along with shutting off the TV for I prefer to inform you of a situation myself without you finding out by other sources. This is to avoid a very bad reaction by you finding out what it is.”
Jinks frowned as Barry kept talking “Go to the dining room and sit.”
He turned and led the way to the dining room to sit at the head of the table with Barry sitting on his left with Tatiana next to the Builder. 
He looked at Barry questioning who spoke “Lance asked me to come and inform you of a situation fearing that you would react badly from other sources.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s name as Barry continued to speak “Burke Billbug admitted to the cops the real reason why he shot Victoria is that his family was paid a huge amount of money worth for paying for four years at a major college.” 
Jinks opened his mouth to speak and saw Barry’s glare shut his mouth as the Builder kept talking “The manipulator according to the Meritanians is a descendant of someone from your past named Donald.”
He stiffened with shock running through him as he recalled Donald from the past seemed to have a strong dislike towards him himself. 
He frowned as Barry added “The descendant is a male who has taken up the name of Donald and has taken on the previous Donald’s vendetta against you by ordering the hit on Victoria and setting the news crew onto you which is not the only thing Donald did.”
He stared at Barry that pulls out a folded newspaper from his coat and placed it on the table gesturing with a hand. Jinks picked it up unfolding it to see it’s a newspaper he’s not familiar with, with his name blared on the cover along with the words Human God and his picture showing him from the waist up which shows his eyes all black with a far away look on his face that appeared to be taken from a camera with the background the middle school site of the school dance at night time. 
He felt rage to crumble up the newspaper and threw it to the wall and snarled out loud “This Donald has gone too far in ruining my life.”
He growled loudly to get a rage episode only to come too find himself in a calm mood still sitting in the chair with Barry standing in his eyes sight next to him having a hand on his head which he felt his arms glued to the armrests. He frowned as Barry removed his hand which he felt the gluing feeling in his arms stop. 
He heard Barry speak “Tatiana and me arrived to the building to see a crowd of various news crews gathered outside the front entrance with other people there all held back by rope barricades with Highlanders about four of them dressed in military gear looking heavily armed standing in front of the doors.”
He frowned as Barry went to sit down while pausing before adding “Tatiana and I gained entrance by the Highlanders scanning our minds which once inside I saw similar armed guards who were Highlanders, Humans I recognized as Amula and Builders who let us through to the elevator which one of them did a call on a radio requesting the elevator be brought down which we took to your residence.”
He formed a frown on his face as Barry kept talking “I was told by the Meritanians that Lance through them informed Scotland and the Table members in the Master Organization of Donald’s manipulating who will be dealt with as in punished for his actions. This Donald is a part of the Master Organization in the Royals group with no known negative attitude towards you till the manipulating. Donald will have punishment which I told the Meritanians to tell the others to force him to have a personal face to face meeting with you to explain his attitude towards you and possibly suffer injuries from you torturing him to talk if he’s tightlipped.”
He nodded his head feeling much better from Barry’s words who continued to speak “The Meritanians personally told me alone to get myself to your residence and inform you of the situation sensing that your reaction would be violent. They told me that I had the ability to stop you from lashing out in anger and hurting people in the process of your rage. Once your determined to be in the right frame of mind Donald will be brought to you in the building to meet in the Table members’ meeting room to personally explain his actions to you with people hiding in the room as witnesses and hidden video recorders to record Donald’s confession. This will be used again in the future to keep Donald in line if he gets out of line again.” 
Jinks felt himself feeling much better to sigh a soft sound as Barry stopped talking. He rubbed a hand on his forehead feeling himself exhausted. He yawned shocking him as he wondered how much sleep he actually got. 
He again yawned as Barry spoke “Tatiana and I will be around in the building arranging things for Donald’s visit so go to bed. You look like you didn’t sleep very well at all.”
He felt himself too tired to argue got up from the chair and walked out of the room taking a route to his bedroom. He shut the bedroom doors behind him and eyed the bed with relief on his face. Groaning he took off his shoes leaving them on the floor along with yanking off his clothes till he was clad in his underwear shorts leaving his clothes piled on the floor. He went into the bathroom to grab his pajama pants which he put on exchanging his underwear shorts for them and walked out carrying his underwear shorts which he tossed to his clothes’ pile. He sighed and got into the bed and looked at the alarm clock. He saw it was barely ten o’clock in the a.m. groaned and lied on his left side which he threw the blankets over his head and shut his eyes allowing exhaustion to put him asleep as he passed out unconscious. Jinks dreamed of his father with himself standing next to Lance who appeared to be glaring at the Meritanians who had their heads bowed while giving off growling noises. 
Jinks spoke “What’s going on?”
He saw his father give him a black eyed glare before turning to face the Meritanians who again gave off growling noises sounding like they were annoyed with something. 
He frowned as Ramses spoke without looking up “Lance you better tell him anyway before he finds out from someone else.” 
Jinks looked at his father who looked at him with his eyes still black that spoke with an angry tone “Its Donald. He’s resisting people’s efforts to get him to your home building by locking himself in his office building. The fool is threatening deadly force if anyone tries to force him out.”
He felt anger to growl an annoyed sound as he heard Terra speak “It figures why Donald is doing that.”
He looked at the Meritanian as Erra spoke “Donald is scared of meeting the Master for he thinks he’ll suffer pain like one of his family predecessors suffered underneath the Master’s hands. Hence he holed up in his office building’s home apartment letting fear control him.”
Jinks gave off a growl in an angry tone allowing anger to take control. He felt hands touch his chest and forehead followed by the angry feeling leaving him. 
He kept his eyes on the Meritanians as Ramses spoke sounding sarcastic “This is Ramses a mind walking plant that lives on the ocean a great distance from where you are talking to you.”
He heard Ramses pause before speaking still using the sarcastic tone “That’s not going to work, Donald. Didn’t you hear me say I’m a mind walker? I know what you’re thinking Mister.”
Jinks stared at Ramses who gave off a growl and added “Your language is not appropriate, Donald. I suggest you listen to what I have to say which involves stop being chicken to meet the Master. “
He frowned as Ramses spoke still with sarcasm “Suit yourself Donald. Don’t blame me that I warned you.” 
Jinks saw the three Meritanians raise their heads while all giving off a harrumph like sound. He felt the hands on him let go as he stared at the Meritanians with a questioning look on his face. 
He saw Ramses point a finger at him and spoke “Shouldn’t it be time for you to get up from bed?”
Jinks opened his mouth to protest as a hand forced his eyes shut followed by losing sensation of everything around him with blackness. 
Jinks came to from the depths of sleep to hear the alarm blare its noises. He yanked the blankets from his head to glare at the clock seeing it said eight o’clock in the a.m. to feel himself much better rested. 
Jinks spoke “Sleep mode time.”  
He heard the clock’s computer speak “twenty two hours.” 
Sighing he got up and went into the bathroom feeling the need to shower. Jinks came out of the bathroom naked with his form dried only to pause with a frown as he walked back into the bathroom to spot on the vanity counter were folded clothing with dressy like shoes below holding socks in them all in the color of black. He picked up the clothing to examine them seeing that they were his usual underwear shorts, dress pants but the top was dressy long sleeve button top with a collar semicircular on the neck and buttoned wrists which he put the clothes on his form while tucking in the top in the pants. He put on the socks and shoes then brushed his hair and walked out of the bathroom to the bedroom entrance. Jinks yanked open the doors to see Gustav standing in his usual spot with the familiar look on his face but had relief in his eyes seeing him. He frowned but walked to the dining room without a word and sat at the head of the table with hands clasped in front of him as he patiently waited for Jacqueline to bring the food. He saw Gustav go into the kitchen with doors swinging behind him as he waited feeling himself in a calm mood. His patience was rewarded when Jacqueline with her familiar expression but showing relief in her eyes came out carrying the tray with smells of food that made his stomach rumble as he felt himself hungry as she set it down in front of him on the table then stepped back staring at him. Jinks ate the food forcing himself to take his time which he ate everything using silverware and drank all of the liquid in the cup of strawberry milkshake. Then once done Jinks stood up and walked out of the dining room to the TV room which he eyed the TV seeing it was still unplugged by no light seen in the corner of the TV. He sighed and walked out of the TV room to wander to Victoria’s room seeing the poster on the door gone which he peered into the room to see his daughter’s things scattered in the room were still there but the room looked neater along with the bedspread and pillows made. Jinks groaned out loud remembering Lance’s talk telling him that Victoria was sent to California for her to recover from public scrutiny. He went to the kitchen doors to hear muffled talk which he opened the doors and went inside to see the servants clam up seeing him with frowns in their faces and eyes. He didn’t say a word but went to the table bench to sit putting hands clasped on the table to stare out the window letting his mind become blank. 
Jinks felt a hand touch his shoulder in a gentle grip as he heard Jacqueline’s voice speaking “Everything will be alright, Master Jinks. Victoria will be ok being where ever she is. You raised her very well. You’ll see her again when the time is right. Just hope that you’ll be strong for her for she needs your strength.”
He sighed loudly as Jacqueline’s hand released its hold on his shoulder with a gentle pat on the area. Jinks sat remembering his conversation with Barry the previous day flashing in his mind. He unclasped his hands to put the palms flat down on the table to narrow his eyes willing himself to calm from anger rising within him. He clenched his jaw and fisted his hands as anger took control as he heard the shrilling noise of the phone. 
He heard Jacqueline speak “I’ll get it.” 
Jinks battled within himself willing himself to remain calm as his anger raged through him. 
He heard Jacqueline speaking “You better come up. His mood isn’t good at the moment.”
He felt his anger winning the battle shut his eyes breathing hard through his mouth as he felt hands touch his back which he stiffened from the touch to feel them massaging him. He forced himself to mediate through breathing techniques as the hands rubbed his back while having his anger boiling through him. Jinks felt himself losing control opened his eyes and stood up from the bench feeling the hands off of him. He stormed from the kitchen slamming the doors jogging to the gym room which he reached the doors slammed them open. He charged towards the punching bag with hands fisted in front of him feeling himself losing to a rage episode which abruptly came putting him out. 
Jinks found himself floating above his body watching himself attack the punching bag with fists repeatedly while hearing himself growling an angry sound. He saw Barry and Tatiana came into view which he saw himself halt the punching as if detecting the two Builders to spin around roaring an angry sound and charged towards them. The view he saw went black as he came to find himself back in his body with his anger gone hugged by a male form he sensed belonging to Barry humming some tone that soothed him to sigh loudly. Jinks felt Barry release his hold on him to gently put a hand on his shoulder while staring at him looking concerned. 
He spoke “I tried but anger took control.” 
He saw a frown appear on Barry’s face followed by a far away expression in the Builder’s eyes that told him Barry was thinking of something. He stared at Barry who stopped frowning to show concern in his face and eyes staring back meeting his eyes. 
Barry spoke “Come on just something for you to do.”
He wordlessly followed Barry out of the room with Tatiana taking the rear walking in the hallway till they reached the elevator and went inside. 
He frowned as Barry ordered towards him "Speak the word lobby with your mental ability in control."
He frowned but obeyed to do it and then willed aside the Master. Jinks felt the elevator go down in a fast speed motion with faint dinging noises signaling it passing floors. He felt the elevator stop followed by the doors opening showing the lobby room where he saw people wearing military combat gear holding serious looking long guns in their hands scattered in the room that straightened up seeing him as he left the elevator. He frowned as Barry stopped in the middle of the room then turned towards him. 
He stared at Barry who spoke “Don’t show fear. Allow the Master to be shown and keep yourself calm.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry gestured towards the entrance doors where he could see four figures wearing military combat gear standing scattered in front of the doors. He sighed and composed himself willing himself to calm then walked to the doors walking out to stand staring at the crowd of people he saw standing in a semicircle held back by ropes tied on waist high poles. He stared at the people who he saw were reporters holding microphones, people holding cameras along with other people wearing clothes identifying them belonging to the Master Organization along with people wearing different clothing scattered among the crowd. Jinks eyed the crowd that became silent seeing him as the guards moved to flank him on his sides. He saw most of the people except the ones in the Master Organization clothes had shocked expressions on their faces with widen eyes as the ones in the Master Organization appeared to be awed seeing him. He looked each person in the eye seeing some of them appear to be nervous seeing him looking at them. Jinks heard the Master roaring within him allowed it through to hear multiple gasps sounds as he looked each person in the eye with the Master in control. He saw widen eyes with shock in most of the people but in the ones wearing Master Organization clothes he saw reverence in their eyes as he looked at them. Jinks willed the Master away from him to hear again multiple sounds of shock as he again looked at each person in the eye then turned around and walked into the building yanking open a door and heard it slam behind him as he entered the lobby. Jinks sighed loudly as he walked up to Barry who stood with hands on his cane with a neutral expression on his face and eyes not showing emotion as he saw Tatiana looking like she was frowning by her eyes showing it. 
He frowned as Barry spoke with a serious tone “There’s a matter involving one called Donald you must confront about his actions. The Meritanians transported him to lock up in this building. He is heard whining in his cell begging to not have an audience with you. It seems like he’s still as one says chicken to meet you.” 
Jinks felt himself get annoyed as Barry put a hand on his shoulder and he felt his annoyance went away followed by him becoming calm. 
He stared at Barry who spoke “Come along now. Let’s get this meeting over with.” 
He followed Barry into an elevator followed by Tatiana taking the rear which inside the Builder spoke "This elevator is only set for your commands involving your mental abilities in control including to your residence which the word Castle must be spoken for your residence. So speak the word Table for Table meeting and it'll take you to the floor where the Table members meet regularity. Vehicle is the command word for garage. Lobby is the command word for entrance to the building. Just don't forget this, Jinks."
Jinks willed the Master and got from Barry "Just speak Table. There's a meeting with this Donald required."
Jinks obeyed and felt the elevator going up as he willed aside the Master. He folded his arms bowing his head to stare at the floor. He felt the elevator stop followed by the doors opening showing a reception room with a receptionist that looked at him with reverence in her eyes. He followed Barry out of the elevator past the receptionist to a hallway pass several doors till they stopped at a set of double doors. 
He saw on the doors was the word “Table meeting room four.” 
Jinks followed Barry inside the room to sense himself filmed by cameras. He looked around the round room seeing in the middle was a round table with chairs scattered around it underneath a spotlight with darkness surrounding it he saw had cloth on the walls which his senses told him had people hidden behind them. He stood as Tatiana closed the door behind him and then Barry turned around to face him. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “Just be firm with Donald in getting him to admit what he did wrong against you. We’ll be nearby watching.” 
He saw Barry disappear in a light show and with a quiet sigh went to the chair farthest from the doors and sat facing the room’s entrance eyes on the doors. He folded his arms and placed his feet onto the table in a crossed legged position while he formed a glare on his face waiting eyes staring at the doors. His wait didn’t last long as the doors opened followed by three men arriving into the room. He saw two of them were Highlanders wearing military fatigues with hand guns pulling a struggling third figure he saw was a human male wearing a suit with a tie looking like he was older than his own twenty four year old Human appearance. He watched as the Highlanders put the man into a seat and walked out of the room slamming the doors. Jinks studied the man’s appearance he saw appeared to be identical to the Donald he met in his past as the man’s eyes settled on him with fear in them. He narrowed his eyes willing the Master through unfolding his arms removing his feet off the table while leaning forwards to see the man Donald he assumed appear to gulp by the looks of his throat still having fear looks on his face and eyes. 
Jinks spoke “So we meet, Donald.” 
He heard a gasp from Donald who looked more nervous.
He added “I heard something interesting you want to know what it is?”
He saw Donald appear to be shaking as he continued to speak “I heard that you paid a thirteen year old boy to shoot with a gun a thirteen year old girl in the back.” 
He paused as Donald’s form became shakier then continued speaking “Then I heard that you sickened some news crew on the thirteen year old girl’s father and blabbed to the news affiliates about the father not being Human.”
He paused to put his hands on the table clenched in fists. 
Jinks kept talking “Anything you want to say, Donald?”
He stared at Donald who appeared to shake his head no. 
He spoke “You sure of that Donald?”
He saw again the head shake no as he got up from the chair and walked around towards Donald with hands fists his movements followed by the man. He reached Donald and with his hands unclenched moved the chair the man was sitting in till it was facing him. Jinks leaned forwards hands on the armrests sticking his face into Donald’s face. 
He spoke “I’m disappointed, Donald. That thirteen year old girl was my daughter and thanks to you blabbing to the press about me I cannot have a life due to me being under public scrutiny.” 
He narrowed his eyes glaring at Donald who still appeared scared out of his wits. 
Jinks spoke as he straightened his form folding his arms “How should I punish you for that hmm?”
He heard Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind along with the headache “Threaten to have Donald lose every single dime of his wealth and every thing he owns by donating it to charity. It should get him to talk.” 
Jinks spoke as he felt Ramses stop talking by the headache stopping “Perhaps I should have you make a huge donation to a charity of my choice which means every single penny you own and everything you own sent to charity leaving you with nothing. How would you like that?”
He saw a horror look in Donald’s eyes followed by the man’s shaking stop with hands he saw becoming fisted as the man spoke with a hint of fear in his voice “You won’t get away with this. I’ll make sure what happens to me happens to you.” 
Jinks spoke “So you can talk, Donald. While you’re talking you might as well explain your attitude towards me which I as your Master commands you to speak it.” 
He saw a glare in Donald’s eyes as the man spoke with a hint of bravery in his voice “You’re not my Master. Lance Richard is, not you.” 
He leaned forwards sticking his face in Donald’s glaring face “Then what am I to you?”
Jinks left hand shot out catching Donald’s fisted hand near his face in a tight ironclad grip. 
He spoke “You would punch me, Donald?”
His right hand shot out catching Donald’s other fisted hand near his face in an identical tight ironclad grip. 
He heard Donald give off a growl with anger in his eyes which he yanked the man from the seat and released his hold on Donald’s hands to step back with a hand up in a fist and another hand gesturing towards the man to fight him. 
He saw Donald look nervous by the look on the man’s face as he taunted “You’re too chicken to fight me a mere Lance Richard look alike calling himself the Master. So raise your hands and fight me Donny.” 
Jinks saw Donald’s face become anger as the man charged forwards with hands in fists which Jinks easily ducked the man’s swinging fists aimed at his head. 
He taunted giving off a laugh “Can’t you fight better than that Donny?”
He heard a roar from Donald who yelled “Don’t call me Donny!”
Jinks watched as Donald charged full body attack which he found himself rooted to the spot hands still up as the man hit him with his body knocking him to the floor. Jinks felt himself frozen on the floor as Donald kneeled and began raining fists onto his face which he grimaced from the blows. 
He heard the man ranting in a loud tone nearly shouting “You bastard had to torture Burke Richardson for the death of your mother which you shouldn’t have told him that he was dead to you! Thanks to your words and stunt you pulled blabbing it to the others Burke was later thrown out of the Table group with no chance of reentry into that membership! Burke had to shoot you for that stunt you pulled just to teach you a lesson which your supporters retaliated by blowing up his car with him inside it!”
He grimaced forming it on his face as Donald continued to punch him still ranting “Thanks to you my family has been shamed by others in the Master Organization seeing us nothing but outcasts and it’s your fault for causing this! I’m getting tired of people seeing you as some hero for that stunt you pulled on Burke when you should have been punished for that!”
Jinks eyed Donald who’s punching became slower and slow followed by the man halting his fisted hands to unclench them putting them on his face covering his eyes and he heard a loud crying sound come from the man and saw his form shaking from the weeping. He rubbed his jaw feeling his face feeling a bit sore as he sat up and placed arms around Donald pulling the man towards him who continue to cover his face still crying away. He hugged Donald to lay the side of his head against Donald’s head sensing the man was still upset which he tightened his hold around the man’s weeping form. He sighed as Donald’s loud weeping became softer and softer followed by silence with the man’s form becoming still with heavy breathing. 
Jinks spoke “I’m sorry, Donald. I shouldn’t have done what I did to Burke. Lance made it clear to me that he didn’t agree to my actions towards what I did to Burke.”
He heard a soft groan from Donald and then silence with his breathing no longer sounding heavy which he lifted up Donald to straighten the man’s form who was still kneeling. He removed his arms which were followed by Donald removing his hands from his eyes showing an angry hurt look in them. Jinks found himself floating above his body to see his body change into Lance who appeared to be whispering words into Donald’s ear with a hand near his mouth blocking him from lip reading. He watched Donald’s face that appeared to show ranges of emotions on it before nodding his head then he found himself back into his body sitting on the floor next to a kneeling Donald who appeared sad. 
He frowned as Donald spoke “Alright I admit it. I paid that kid with money worth for a major four year college to shoot your daughter in the back with a gun supplied by one of my guards loyal to me. I blabbed to the news affiliates that you were the Human god that the tabloids were blabbing about and had some paparazzi photographer guy take your picture to put in the newspaper I own. The guy had a lucky shot getting you with the black eyes which was published in the newspaper. I even told the news affiliates where you live hence they having peopled gathered outside. Ugh I did this to get back at you for what you did to an ancestor of mine name Burke Richardson because it was apparent you never seemed to be punished for your actions towards him.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as he willed the Master away from him to sit staring at Donald who gave off a groan. 
He spoke “Anything else I should know of?’
Jinks formed a frown on his face as Donald rubbed a hand on the side of his face before speaking “I sort of used my private jet to transport your daughter to one of your homes in California and had someone transported to there just to watch her while she recovers.” 
He sighed and gently laid a hand on Donald’s shoulder that placed a hand on his hand and felt his hand gently gripped. 
Jinks spoke “You may go now Donald.” 
Jinks saw Donald nod his head as the man released his hand grip on his hand and he removed his hand from Donald’s shoulder. He got up as Donald got up and watched the man leave the room gently opening and closing the doors. Jinks groaned rubbing a hand on his forehead as he felt the filming stop and saw the curtains around the room parted showing people walking out some holding camera devices in their hands which he spotted Barry with Tatiana among them all walking to the table to gather around it. 
He spoke loudly “Donald paid his debt by helping my daughter. That is fine enough to me. It doesn’t matter if he should be watched in the future. I’m leaving it up to you to decide that.” 
He folded his arms bowing his head as he felt a hand on his shoulder and looked to see Barry standing next to him as he scattered talk among the others in the room discussing the contents of his conversation with Donald. 
He stared at Barry who leaned forwards and whispered in his ear “You have made an unexpected ally in Donald who has the resources to help you with the public scrutinizing you.”
He frowned seeing that Barry was serious with his words nodded his head and then saw the Builder gesture to the doors with his head and eyes narrowed at him. Jinks obeyed walking to the doors opening them to walk out followed by he sensed Barry and Tatiana who closed the doors behind them. Jinks groaned loudly as he went down the hallway to the receptionist’s room who the receptionist again gave him the look of reverence in her eyes as he passed her. 
He heard the female voice of the receptionist speak “Oh Master, Donald told me to tell you that at the next face to face meeting he prefers it to be more private without cameras and people in the room hiding from eyesight.” 
He frowned hearing the lady’s words as Barry spoke “It explains his hesitance to talk to you while acting scared. Donald seemed to have some ability to detect hidden things from via camera monitors observing him in his cell easily finding the items purposely hidden there. Something I suspected Donald had and I’m pretty sure his ability isn’t that powerful as yours, Jinks.” 
He sighed hearing Barry’s words nodded his head and went to the elevator going inside followed by the Builders which the elevator took him to the penthouse floor via voice command. He walked out to meet Gustav still giving him the familiar look with a frown in his eyes. 
He heard Barry speak from behind him “Tatiana and I will be around whether you see us here in your home building or out in public among the people. You’ll see us again I assure you of that.” 
He turned around to see the elevator doors shut blocking his view of the Builders. Jinks exhaled a breath and went to the dining room followed by the butler. 
He spoke as he sat down “Gustav, tell the cook to prepare me the strawberry milkshake. I feel like I need it.”
Jinks sat down as Gustav went into the kitchen with doors swinging behind him. He rubbed his face feeling it sore from Donald’s punching sighed and leaned back in the chair. He didn’t have long to wait for Jacqueline arrived from the kitchen carrying the familiar cup which she set down in front of him then stood staring at him with concern in her eyes and a blank expression on her face. He sighed and took the cup and gulped down the contents leaving nothing left then he got up and went to the elevator itching to go outside. He took the elevator to the lobby and paused in there seeing the guards standing around looking alert seeing him. Sighing he composed himself to will the Darkness in control and went out of the doors to stand staring at the crowd that became silent seeing him as his four guards flanked him. He stood folded his arms and saw something shiny heading towards him that he sensed was a bullet which he plucked from the air with his right hand. Jinks’ eye fell on a cop looking like he was gaping while having a hand on his handgun. Jinks eyed the cop and walked forwards till he reached the edge of the barricade and leaned forwards to the cop taking his free hand and placed the bullet in his palm then gripped the hand around it. He turned around and walked away as he heard multiple banging sounds and saw the guards darting forwards which he looked around him to see people charging towards him after knocking the barricades down which he was suddenly surrounded by people that were touching him all over. Jinks struggled to free himself from their hand grips as he felt the Darkness inside him willed away. Jinks saw the cop in his eyes sight aiming the gun at his head which he stared at with pleading in his eyes and face. He saw the cop hesitate followed by the man charging forwards hitting people on the head with his gun who went down hitting the ground. Jinks saw the cop reach him who grabbed his arm and yanked him away from the crowd as his guards surrounded him pulling him inside. Once inside Jinks heard a squealing noise followed by a hum of electricity as he felt himself still in the cop’s hold. He felt his knees weak fell to the floor and felt the cop follow him down still holding him. 
He heard the cop speak “Are you alright Mister Montreal?”
The voice sounded familiar as if he knew him from somewhere but couldn’t place. Jinks didn’t answer as he saw blackness arrive in his eyes sight followed by losing sensation of his body and then there was nothing. 
Jinks came to hear a female voice speaking “Dad.” 
The voice he heard sounded like Victoria which he jerked opened his eyes to discover himself lying on a bed in a room with sunlight blaring onto him. He felt himself wearing pajama pants while having a blanket covering him. He looked around the room with fear with unfocused eyes as he felt a hand touch his forehead that stiffened him. Jinks heard the Dad comment spoken again looked on his right to see Victoria standing next to the bed looking a little pale while dressed in a bathrobe and next to her having hands on his daughter’s shoulders was a woman dressed in a Peasant dress looking familiar. He felt the hand’s touch on his forehead felt familiar jerked his eyes towards his left to see his son Robert leaning over him with worry in his eyes. 
Robert spoke “Dad your safe now, don’t worry. You’re in a house residence belonging to the Master Organization in California. They won’t get you here I oath to you.” 
Jinks groaned a soft sound as Robert rubbed his forehead in a soothing motion till his senses blared warning and he felt sleepiness hit him shut his eyes passing out unconscious.
Jinks dreamed of himself facing Lance who looked concerned by the look on his face. He stared at his father who reached out a hand and touched his shoulder gripping it in a gentle grip. He felt himself stiffening from his father’s touch as Lance stared at him with the expression still in his face. 
Lance spoke “Jinks, the cop that helped you? He’s a descendant of former Mayor of the city Kevin Hettinger who you defeated in an election years ago.” 
He stiffened hearing his father’s words as Lance kept talking “The former Mayor’s family has some anger at you for what you did to Hettinger after the election which was having him arrested and charged with bribery which he wound up with a jail sentence for that.”
Jinks frowned as memories of the time as Mayor flashed in his mind as Lance kept talking “The cop descendant of Hettinger has been dubbed the black sheep of the family for insisting on dropping the vendetta against you. He was pressured to shoot you by some of his family members which he did but he realized it was wrong when you looked at him with that look on your face.”
Jinks frowned stiffening further as a memory of the crowd charging at him and touching him all over flashed in his mind as Lance paused from talking to rub his shoulder. 
He stared at his father who spoke “The cop’s family will drop that vendetta I oath to you for I’ll see to it.”
He gave off a groan in a loud tone and with a hand removed his father’s hand from his shoulder and sighed from the hand’s removal as he let go of Lance’s hand. He saw Lance form a frown on his face with some serious look in his eyes while staring at him that made him nervous. 
Lance spoke “Don’t worry about the crowd doing that stunt. I’ll make sure it won’t happen again with the help of the cop who helped you and others. That incident gave you unexpected allies who’ll do what it takes to protect you from harm.” 
Jinks sighed and stiffened as his father reached out a hand with his eyes warily watching the hand touch his forehead followed by his eyes forced shut. He felt himself losing sensation as blackness arrived followed by nothingness. 
Jinks woke up with a gasp jerking his eyes open looking around the room with fear in him. He saw no one in the room sighed to hear a meow in a worried tone and felt pressure next to his right arm looked to spot a cat he saw was all black with long fur. He slowly sat up as the cat arched its back and walked off the bed which he followed with his eyes seeing it go to the door that was ajar and walk through the opening out of sight. He yanked the blankets off his form and got up from the bed to stand as he saw sunlight shining from the window next to the bed. He went to the window and looked out to see rows of trees appearing to hold fruit far in the horizon in his eyes sight. Jinks stiffened as he sensed a presence behind him sensing it was Robert. Jinks turned around to spot his son standing near the foot of the bed looking concerned by the look in his eyes and facial expression. He stared at Robert who slowly walked forwards making him stiffen from his son’s movements edging closer towards him. 
Robert spoke “Dad?”
He heard the worry in his son’s tone did a short bob in a yes gesture with his head towards Robert who stopped once he was inches away. Jinks felt himself getting nervous as Robert reached out a hand putting it on his shoulder. 
He struggled to relax from Robert’s hand on him as his son spoke “You’ll be alright, Dad.” 
He felt his nervousness take control yanked Robert’s hand from his shoulder and turned around darting towards the window which he smashed through falling towards the ground below head first. He felt his body flip to land on the ground feet first which he squatted and started running through an aisle between the trees. 
He heard behind him a female voice speaking repeatedly shouting “Dad!” 
Jinks ran till he tripped on a tree root and hit the ground on his stomach. He rolled onto his back swinging himself up with a karate move as he saw Victoria from a distance running towards him. 
He heard her shouting repeatedly “Dad!” 
Jinks felt his fear take control spun around in the opposite direction and took a step forwards only to feel his feet become heavy tipping his body back and forth. He heard Victoria’s voice become louder and louder as she came to him from behind sounding like she had the Master in control. Jinks growled an angry sound as rage took control overcoming his fearful feeling. He fisted his hands to roar an inhuman like cry and heard Victoria’s voice cut off as he sensed her behind him away from him. He squatted with fists on the ground as a rage episode arrived within him putting him out. 
Jinks came to discover himself with rage gone and feeling himself sadly upset while curled in a ball on the ground his hands touching his face wet with tears while feeling a hand touching the top of his head sensing it belong to Victoria. Jinks allowed the tears to flow as he screamed out sounds of anguish. He cried and cried till the tears stopped flowing and his throat felt raw from screaming which he shut his eyes willing himself to sleep as he felt Victoria remove her hand. He felt a hand touch his arm which he sensed belonged to Robert and opened his eyes pulling his hands from his face to sit up from the ground. He felt Robert hug him in a bear hug tight around him that soothed him to feel better to sigh loudly. 
He sighed again relaxing from Robert’s hold around him as his son let go of him to speak “Dad?”
He heard the upset tone groaned as Victoria walked in his eyes sight still dressed in the bathrobe with pajama pants peeking out along with slipper like shoes on her feet which he reached out a hand towards her. He saw Victoria take his hand to grip it as he felt his other hand gripped by Robert which he gently squeezed. Jinks sighed softly as Robert stood up pulling him up. He allowed his children to keep their holds on his hands and pull him through the aisle of trees towards the house he saw looked massive towering over him. His eyes focused on a window with glass broken which he frowned seeing the distance as he was pulled closer to the house. He moved his eyes down to see a large gazebo nearby with a woman standing underneath the opening he remembered that she was Samira, Robert’s wife. He sighed softly as his children pulled him pass the gazebo underneath Samira’s watching eyes to around the house reaching a large covered porch which he was pulled up the steps. 
He heard Robert speak “Sis, I’ll handle Dad and his needs. Just go to Samira and finish your meal.” 
He sighed as he felt Victoria let go of his hand followed by her hugging him and then she darted away.
He felt Robert’s hand on his arm as his son let go of his hand while speaking “Come Dad, I think you need a shower and some clothes along with some food in you.” 
Jinks didn’t protest as Robert led him into the house he saw reminded him of his time at Senator Baxter’s house visiting his son Nathan from time to time. He was led through several rooms and up the stairs till they stopped at a door which Robert yanked open showing the familiar bedroom with the smashed window. 
He groaned loudly eyes on the window and heard Robert speak “Don’t worry about the window. It’ll be fixed.” 
He was led through the bedroom to a door which Robert opened and led him inside seeing it was a bathroom with a large tub and a large shower stall along with a single sink and a desk that appeared to be a vanity with a mirror above it. Jinks sighed as Robert stopped to let go of his arm and he stared at his son looking him over with his eyes with scrutiny in them. 
He heard Robert speak “You look fine with nary a scratch from breaking that window and your walking fine suggest you didn’t hurt yourself from the landing. A shower will do you some good along so get yourself in the stall. I’ll see about getting you some clothes to wear.”
Jinks sighed as Robert left him gently closing the bathroom door behind him. He eyed the shower feeling himself needing to be clean stripped himself of his pajama pants leaving them piled on the floor and opened the shower stall door which he walked inside and headed towards the faucets. He turned the water on to tolerable heat levels and sighed feeling the water spray over him wetting his form. He brought his face up to face the shower spray shutting his eyes relaxing from the water spilling over him. He lowered his face and opened his eyes looking around the stall to find soap and shampoo on the shelves in the walls of the stall which he used and cleaned himself very thoroughly. He sighed again putting his face in the shower spray while closing his eyes to rub his hands on his face focusing on his cheeks as the water washed off the soap and shampoo from his body. He rubbed hands on his head on his hair as he lowered his face opening his eyes to sigh and then removed his hands to shut off the shower once sensing the soap and shampoo completely washed from him. With a loud sigh he walked out of the shower stall to spot folded towels on the vanity along with folded clothing in the collar of black with black sneakers below the vanity with socks in them. His pajama pants were gone from the floor. He spied a hair brush next to the towels.
Groaning out loud he spoke as he eyed the clothes “Who’s idea was it for me to entirely wear the color black anyway?”
He frowned as an image of Lance from the waist up with black eyes flashed in his mind as he heard spoken in his father’s voice sounding annoyed “It was mine and don’t complain, Jinks.” 
With a sigh he went to the towels to grab one and dried himself thoroughly then picked up the folded clothing to examine them he saw were sweats shirt, sweat pants, and underwear shorts which he put on his form. He picked up the shoes and went to the stool to sit putting on the socks and shoes on his feet then went to the vanity to grab the hairbrush which he brushed his hair in a neat style then placed the brush down on the vanity and walked out of the bathroom opening the door. 
Jinks halted to see Robert standing with arms folded looking serious on his face who spoke “Come with me Dad. I’ll take you to where you can get something to eat.” 
Jinks wordlessly followed Robert who unfolded his arms out of the room taking the familiar route outside to the gazebo where once reaching it he saw Victoria sitting reading a book who looked up to smile at him and then turn her attention towards the book. He eyed the book seeing it looked like a romance novel judging by the couple on it in a clinch position and stared at Samira who looked at him. He gestured towards the book by pointing at it and stared at the woman with a narrowed eyed look. 
Samira he saw walked up to him and whispered in his ear “Victoria admitted that her homework time in the library room at your place since she turned thirteen was to read the books from the shelves. She’s been reading those romance novels since finding one hiding behind a cushion in the chair in the library room put there by the cleaning maid. The maid in question later admitted to Gustav to be spending some of her cleaning time reading some of the books in the room after your butler caught her reading.”
Jinks frowned as Samira paused to chuckle some laugh then continued whisper “You should ask Victoria’s school about her studies, Gustav did that. They tell Gustav who later told me that she’s very bright in her studies and has scored high on all of her tests along with being nearly perfect on her homework assignments with them always handed in on time.”
Jinks frowned to stare at Victoria who kept reading her book as Samira continued to whisper “I’m told she’s very good in playing the sporting game of soccer in the position of goalkeeper in gym class when their outside. The gym teacher Miss. Israel is thinking of recommending her to try out for the school’s eight grade soccer team next year for the goalkeeper position.”
Jinks turned his attention towards Samira who paused then spoke in a loud tone “Jinks there’s a buffet of food over there so help yourself.”
He saw where she was pointing to see rows of covered dishes with labels on them along with dishes and silverware in a pile next to them along with cups. He saw clear jugs holding liquids next to them spotted one of them looking pink and feeling himself hungry walked up to the plates to grab a plate. He grabbed some silverware and went to examine the contents of each covered dish by reading the labels and lifting up the lids to peer at the foods before making up his mind on what to eat. He piled his plate full of food bringing it to the table setting it down then went to the cups to pick one up and went to the jugs spotting labels on them which he read. He found the pink one was for pink lemonade which made him annoyed as he again eyed the jugs and their labels struggling to figure out what to drink. 
He felt Samira besides him and heard her speak “Take the milk. Its part of the ingredients to making those strawberry milkshakes you drink.”
He nodded his head and poured himself some milk into the cup and carried it to the table which he sat down in a chair feeling like it was made out of plastic. He felt himself terribly hungry forced himself to take his time eating the food till there was none left then he gulped down the milk sensing that Samira was correct about the milk for it reminded him of his drink from the taste of it. Jinks sat back in the chair folding his arms which he looked around the gazebo then settled on Robert and Samira standing in front of an opening appearing to be having a whispered conversation while giving each other kisses on the lips with their one of their hands on each other’s shoulders and their other hands on their waists. Jinks sighed recalling himself doing what Robert was doing to Samira to Katherine in private of his bedroom in the penthouse after hearing the news of Guard Kensington passing away. He remembered that he was reassuring Katherine that her father was no longer suffering and was in a better place with no pain while seeing that she looked upset. He groaned softly from the memory running through him to stare at Robert and Samira who broke up their love moment and walked towards him to the table where they sat down with serious expressions on their faces. 
Jinks frowned as Robert spoke “Dad how are you feeling?” 
He saw Victoria out of the corners of his eyes put a bookmark in the book before setting it on the table to stare at him. 
He spoke “I feel better but ok.” 
He heard the firmness in his voice tone that bothered him as Robert spoke “Think you can come back home to face the crowd again?”
Jinks frowned inwardly as an image of Lance flashed in his mind followed by his father’s voice speaking “Get over your fear of the crowd by facing them again.” 
He spoke still hearing the firmness in his voice tone “I think so.” 
He stared at his son who spoke “I’ll arrange for transportation, excuse me.” 
Jinks watched as Robert got up leaving the gazebo which he saw went into the house. 
He frowned as Samira cleared her throat and looked at the woman who spoke “The purpose of the house dubbed Summerland and its grounds is for people to recover from medical issues and once their healed they leave to where they’ve came from.” 
Jinks frowned hearing the firmness in Samira’s voice tone nodded his head as he turned towards Victoria to speak “Vicky how are you doing?”
He saw her grimace with a frown on her face before she spoke “Dad, don’t call me Vicky. Reminds me of the joke sticky Vicky and I hate it.”
He sighed and spoke “Alright Victoria but how are you feeling?”
Victoria spoke “I’m doing alright.” 
He heard the nervousness in her voice tone reached out a hand towards her hand and gripped it as he spoke “Do you think you can handle living with your father being under public scrutiny or you prefer to live with someone else?”
He saw Victoria’s face turn into a big frown as she spoke “I don’t know about the public attention or living with someone else.” 
He heard the uncertainty in her voice tone. 
Jinks sighed then spoke “Victoria, if you think you can’t handle living with me in the public spotlight then I’ll see about arranging someone to raise you till you’re either ready or old enough to live without parenting.” 
He saw relief appear in Victoria’s eyes despite her still having the frown on her face as she spoke “Ok Dad.” 
He patted her hand releasing his hold on it as Robert arrived with a Highlander wearing a driver’s uniform. 
He stared at his son who spoke “Driver’s here to take you to the airport where there’ll be a plane waiting to fly. There’ll be a guide according to the driver waiting for you at the airport in New York City who’ll see that you’re safely transported to the Castle.” 
Jinks nodded his head and got up as Victoria got up from her chair. He opened his arms and hugged Victoria feeling her grip on him tight before him and she released their hold on each other. Jinks walked around the table towards Robert and he hugged his son who hugged him back then he followed the Highlander driver out of the gazebo taking a path around the house passed the porch till he saw a dirt driveway with a car looking like a black sedan with windows tinted black which the Highlander reaching the car opened the one of the rear doors. He got inside the car seeing it was tan colored and sat as the driver shut the door closed. Sighing Jinks hunted for the seatbelt and put it on as the driver got into the car and heard him putting on his seatbelt followed by speaking voice commands for the car to start up which he felt its rumbling vibration. Jinks turned his head to stare out the window on his right side as the car drove down a dirt driveway that appeared to be very long in length with rows of fruit trees scattered in his eyes sight appearing to be quite vast. He heard a familiar humming sound that sounded like a garage opener sensor as the car paused from its driving then drove on again. He saw an open metal gate fence appear into view along with stone walls as the car turned left and felt the road become smoother from the car’s motions. Jinks watched the scenery seeing forests of trees in view that were appearing to be vast in his eyes sight and were trees of leaf and pine needles. He eyed the forest as the car drove by them on a long route then entered civilization as he saw the car drive by an intersection that had a house on one side of the road facing the forest he saw on a road as it was followed by more houses coming into view. He eyed the houses seeing that they appeared to be surrounded by trees and looked like they were mansions judging by the sizes of them and they seemed scattered by the lengths of lawns it took to get to the next house along with fences in front of them. Jinks continued to watch the scenery with interests as the car drove past a stone wall turning right at an intersection which he saw words on the wall. 
He read “Kensington Orchards Estates.” 
Jinks frowned at the name spoke “Driver?” 
He heard “yes?”
He spoke “Kensington Orchards Estates? Where did that name come from?” 
He heard “Oh that was from the Kensington family who originally owned the land and the apple fruit farm. A past relative sold parts of the land to people well known in the entertainment world who built their houses on the acres they bought. The area became known as by its name when a neighborhood was established. As for the apple farm and its lands surrounding it, it still belongs to the Kensington family and to you as well.” 
Jinks frowned hearing the driver’s words as the Highlander became silent as he recalled a previous conversation with Lance who told him several things. 
He remembered Lance telling him "People in the Master Organization after they passed away have been willing things to you over the years as you lived." 
He recalled Lance adding "Two of those things were money fortunes and land properties with houses on them now belonging to you as willed by those people as their last wish." 
Jinks sighed recalling the TV news broadcast talking "There's a Human god as blared by the tabloids. The tabloids are having hesitance to reveal his identity by saying that the male was rumored to be a billionaire." 
He frowned to think to himself “Billionaire? I don’t believe this. I’m very rich in wealth but I live quite isolated and not able to get out much due to the public’s scrutiny on me.” 
He paused to stare out the window seeing smaller houses that were closer together with no fences in front of them. 
Jinks continued his thought “I’m surprised that I’m not living like a rich man flaunting his wealth to the public.” 
He grimaced to add thinking “I really don’t want to do that. I prefer to live not doing that flaunting. It’s not appropriate for me as some Human god and leader of the Master Organization to do it. I don’t think Lance would approve of this.” 
He got an image of Lance flashing in his mind and heard his father’s words speaking “Your right I don’t approve of that.” 
Jinks frowned to think “You eavesdropping on me, father? I’m surprised that you can do that.” 
He felt sleepiness leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of himself facing Lance who had an annoyed expression on his face that made him nervous. 
Lance spoke with annoyance “Get it straight, Jinks. We share a connection due to you having my body and you being my son. The connection enables me to hear your thoughts.”
Jinks felt himself more nervous as Lance’s eyes became black with a glare on his face. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “I don’t find it amusing that I make you nervous whenever you’re in my presence which I can sense from you. I can sense your feelings from feeling it myself so stop that behavior now.” 
He gulped and willed the nervousness to go away and made himself calm as Lance’s eyes turned to Human blue eyes with a glare on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Our connection enables me to communicate with you when your not sleeping hence you getting images of me in your mind followed by my voice speaking. Remember what I told you and don’t ever forget it!”
He nodded his head as Lance forced his eyes shut. 
Jinks found himself back in the car feeling vibrations overhead which he peered out the window to see an airplane flying overhead which he saw they were near an airport that looked private judging by the small airplanes parked in his view behind the metal rimmed fence. He watched the scenery as the car paused to hear the familiar gate opening sound then the car moved again. He continued to watch out the window staring at the planes till the car drove through an opening between two walls that were an airplane hanger room then parked becoming still. He saw a large passenger airplane sitting in the room with steps and two people wearing Master Organization military clothes and guns at the steps as the driver got out of the car. Jinks unbuckled his seatbelt and waited as the driver opened the door which he got out and was escorted to the plane seeing the two military men appearing Human flash golden eyes at him that told him were Builders while saluting seeing him both with reverence in their eyes. Jinks kept his mouth shut as he went up the steps into the plane seeing the cockpit on his left with two people having their backs to him sitting in seats and saw what looked like a living room with a hallway having doors on both sides with an open doorway at the end showing a bed in view. He walked further inside to sit in an armchair seeing it had a seatbelt which he buckled himself up waiting as the two Builders entered the plane bringing up the steps and locking the door behind them. He watched as they went to a couch and buckled themselves in with seatbelts attached. Jinks eyed the window next to the armchair to look out seeing the sedan drive away and watched the opening walls appear to be doors sliding wider apart as he felt rumbling vibrations of the plane moving towards the opening. Jinks kept his eyes out the window as the plane rumbled through the opening and then moved to the end of a runway before doing a complete full turn. He felt the plane pick up speed taking off running down the runway followed by feeling it lift up in the air as the ground became further away and the clouds came closer. 
He sighed as he heard the pilot’s voice sounding human speaking amplified “Now leaving Marshall Airport to LaGuardia Airport.” 
Jinks frowned hearing the name of New York City’s major airport as he heard a ping noise and heard the guards unbuckle their seatbelts which he followed their example. He felt an urge to stretch sat down on the rugged floor underneath the watchful eyes of the guards which he did his stretching exercises and swung himself up with a karate move. 
Jinks heard a ping noise and heard a guard speak “Seatbelt on now, Master.” 
He went to the armchair and put on his seatbelt as he heard the guards buckled themselves in. He felt the turbulence made his stomach jumpy from its vibration as he looked out the window to spot dark clouds with rain splatters on the window. Groaning he continued to look out the window as the plane flew through a rain storm with turbulence making the plane shake. Jinks willed himself to keep the contents of his stomach down remembering previous plane trips through storms and struggling to keep himself from throwing up. 
He heard a guard speak “There’s a pocket attached to the chair that is holding a bag for you if you need it.” 
Jinks felt for the pocket with a hand and felt the opening which he pulled out a large paper bag and held it in his lap as he struggled to keep himself from throwing up. He felt a large vibration that made him jump in his seat which he yanked open the bag and thrust his face into it as the contents of his stomach threatened to come up. Jinks felt the vibration stop breathe of relief to pull the bag from his face to hold it in his lap. He heard the familiar ping noise kept himself sitting with seatbelt on as he looked out the window to see the clouds becoming white colored. He groaned softly as the plane flew and kept himself sitting in the armchair buckled in for the remainder of the plane ride with the paper bag held in his lap his head bowed staring at his free hand. 
He again heard the ping noise followed by the pilot’s voice speaking “Now about to land in LaGuardia Airport.”
Jinks groaned loudly as he felt relief feeling the plane’s vibrations as it landed on the ground rolling followed by coming to complete stop as he heard faint beeping noises. He sighed to hear the guards unbuckle their seatbelts followed by him doing the same. Jinks got up following the guards to the door which one opened showing a hallway which he walked out and heard the door shut behind him. Groaning Jinks cautiously continued to walk down the hallway to spot a Highlander wearing a suit and a tie standing next to a suitcase looking like he was expecting him by the expression on his face. Jinks reached the Highlander who bent down opening the suitcase revealing clothes and items inside it which he was instructed to put on his form. He obeyed finding that the clothes was a trench coat with a hat with long black hair attached forming a wig and tinted sunglasses along with fake ears to make him look like a Highlander which he put on his form. Jinks followed the Highlander out of the hallway that carried the suitcase with him and discovered that people didn’t seem to be paying attention to him but were ignoring him as he walked through the airport terminal. He followed the Highlander to outside to see a limo with a Highlander in a driver’s uniform standing in front of it seeing he opened the car door. Jinks got inside as the driver shut the door. He waited as the driver got into the car shutting the door. 
He heard the driver speak “I recommend you remove the disguise and hide it in the panel underneath the floor. There are camera technologies capable of seeing through the windows no matter how tinted they are.” 
Jinks obeyed yanking off the disguise as the car moved through the city and felt the floor to feel a hidden latch which he yanked open to see metal box which he stuffed the disguise in it then slammed the box door shut. He sat back leaning in the seat to stare out the window watching the car drive thought the city. He continued to watch as the car drove past the penthouse building to see a crowd of people standing in a semi circle facing the entrance that made him grimace. He watched as the car took a route around the building till they reached the garage doors which the car drove through while surrounded by men in military combat gear having backs to the car. He watched as the car entered the garage room before going to park. Jinks sat in the car as the driver got out and walked to the car door yanking it open which he got out and walked to the elevator taking it to the penthouse floor which he saw Gustav standing looking at him with a frown on his face and relief in his eyes.
Jinks sighed and walked to the dining room to sit and he spoke to Gustav “Tell the cook to prepare me some strawberry milkshake.” 
He saw the butler nod his head before disappearing through the kitchen doors as he sat staring at his hands in his lap. He eyed the table seeing that the familiar newspapers weren’t still there. Groaning he assumed that the TV was still unplugged as he heard the kitchen doors swinging to look and see Jacqueline arrive carrying a cup which she placed in front of him then stepped back staring at him with relief in her eyes and a frown on her face. Jinks took the cup and gulped down the contents feeling himself better then placed the cup on the table. 
He spoke as Jacqueline lifted the cup up “How long was it from that incident of people touching me to today?”
He stared at Jacqueline who spoke “About three days. You were immediately sent elsewhere I don’t know where after I’m told you passed out.”
He nodded his head and then added “Is the TV still unplugged?”
He saw nervousness appear in her eyes as she spoke “I haven’t checked the TV or been in the TV room.” 
Jinks sensed it was the truth spoke “Dismissed.” 
He saw Jacqueline nod her head before going into the kitchen with doors swinging.  Groaning Jinks got up and went to the TV room to examine the TV he saw was still unplugged. Sighing he wandered to the library room and sat in an armchair to feel a book between the cushion and the chair. He reached behind him to pull out a book he saw was a paperback with a couple in a clinch position on the cover that told him was a romance novel. Sighing he saw a bookmark between the book got up and placed the book back where it was and went to the other armchair to sit sensing nothing serious with the chair and its cushion. 
He sat feeling bored as Lance’s image flashed in his mind followed by his father’s voice speaking “Read a book.” 
Jinks mentally thought “Like what book? There are too many choices.” 
He again got the image followed by the voice speaking “Just read the titles. You’ll find something interesting.”
He groaned and looked around the room then picked a spot in a corner along with a row and forced himself to read the titles. He found titles that made him think they were romance novels along with other titles that gave no clue to what their genre were. Jinks felt his right hand reach to a row below his eyes reading the row and pull out a hardcover book which he jerked to stare at the book seeing its title and author. He saw the book’s title and stared at it then read the back to find a blurb saying it was a memoir by a deaf female with Alexei Zesky’s last name written in the year two thousand oh one when she was nineteen. Sighing he opened the book to see it was published years passed the year she wrote the memoir. Sighing again he went to the armchair to sit and again felt the book between the cushions which he got up and went to the other chair to sit. He opened the book and began to read till he reached the last page finishing the book and heard a throat clearing noise which he closed the book and looked up to see Gustav standing in the doorway. 
Gustav spoke “Its nine o’clock now. I thought I would let you know of the time.” 
Jinks nodded his head then got up to place the book back into the bookcase and walked out of the room to sense the butler not following him. He went to his bedroom shutting the doors behind him. Jinks yawned feeling himself tired which he stripped himself of his shoes and clothes leaving them piled on the floor to spot sitting folded on his made bed were his pajama pants which he grabbed putting them on his form and yanked the blankets up. He got into the bed and yanked the blankets up to his chest while lying on his back. He sighed and shut his eyes falling asleep. Jinks passed out unconscious to come too hearing the alarm sounding its noises which he twisted to glare at the clock seeing it was eight o’clock in the a.m. Groaning he got up and hit the bathroom to shower then once done changed into the clothes folded on the sink counter seeing that they were a plain black long sleeve shirt with familiar dressy pants and along with sneakers with socks in them and underwear shorts. Jinks did his hair and walked out of the bathroom then out of the bedroom to spot Gustav which he went to the dining room followed by the butler and sat in the chair waiting as the Builder went into the kitchen. He sat waiting as Jacqueline arrived carrying a tray filled with food and drink which he ate and drank underneath her watchful eyes. Once done he got up and went to the TV room finding the TV was still off by it not blaring that familiar blue light. Sighing he left the TV room as he recalled reading a book the previous day walked intending to go to the library only to find himself walking to the elevator and going inside it and compelled to speak lobby with the Master in control. 
He grumbled thinking to himself “I don’t know if I should bother seeing those people if their going to pull that same stunt again.” 
He got a communication from Lance saying “Trust me I’ll make sure that they won’t do it what you call a stunt again.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath to compose himself breathing through his nose breathing techniques as the elevator did its descending with his eyes closed and arms folded. He felt the elevator stop opened his eyes and walked out unfolding his arms. He saw the glass doors still having four familiar guards in front of them outside which he walked to the doors and stood willing himself to calm. 
He thought to himself “I got to trust my father in this but its not easy going out to face those people.”
He heard from Lance “It’s alright. I know how you feel.”
He frown feeling confused as his father added “I’ll tell you later.”
Jinks walked out opening the door as his guards separated in two which he walked forwards hearing the crowd become silent as his guards flanked him while sensing himself filmed by news people standing facing him behind the rope barricade. He stopped as he felt nervousness hit him willed the emotion to leave him. 
He heard from Lance “Trust me by taking a look at each person and you’ll see why they won’t pull that stunt again.” 
Jinks obeyed seeing while struggling to hide his shock scattered police officers around the semicircular perimeter looking seriously alert with hands on their holstered handguns. He noticed that the cops each gave him a short bob or a touch hand on their hat gesture when he looked at them with their faces and eyes expression remaining the same without changing. Jinks sighs a soft sound as he looked around seeing that the crowd was more nervous of the cops than they were of him by some of the people darting eyes to the police and to him back and forth with nervousness in their eyes. Jinks sighed softly and with confidence turned around and walked inside. He took the elevator to the penthouse and found himself walking to the library where he stopped once inside. 
He heard from Lance “Read a book, Jinks.” 
He went to a book row and peered at the books only to discover his hand pulling a book from the row as if guided by something. He examined the book seeing it was an old paperback on Connecticut High School Football and appeared to be an almanac. Sighing he placed it on the table and sat only to feel a book between the cushion and the chair. Grumbling with displeasure he yanked the book out and placed it on the table to eye the sports book. He saw the sports book had fallen open to highlight a page which he peered at while lifting up the book. He frowned seeing a picture of himself wearing a football uniform when he was a teenager and a sophomore in High School. Sighing he read the page detailing about himself playing for Wethersfield High School and helping his team break records along with a throwing record. He continued to read that he was voted the High School football league’s Most Valuable Player award. Sighing he sensed memories come within his mind allowed them through to recall them very clearly. 

Part Eight: Memories of the Past

Jinks remembered the past when he tried to kill himself while thinking of memories of his life. He was teased in school without mercy in High School. He discovered his locker open in the hallway after school was over and found a bag holding a bottle of sleeping pills in his backpack with a note scrawled in bad handwriting telling him to take all of it and it’ll put him out for good. Jinks felt himself go numb with sadness hitting him seeing the bottle realized that someone took pity on him and left him the bottle. He left the school only to be met with the bullies from the football team that beat him up with their fists leaving him sore all over. Jinks were forced to drag himself home despite the soreness walking till he reached his home with his Mom. He went to his room ignoring his Mom sitting in the living room speaking his name with a curious tone in it. Jinks sat on his bed and allowed the tears to flow then he went to the window holding the bottle which was sleeping pills which he looked out feeling a creepy feeling of being watched which he ignored. Jinks pulled down the shade getting rid of the feeling and went to his bed to sit on. He pulled out a bottle of water from his backpack and set it on his bed stand table with the bottle and sat staring at it. He reached with a hand slowly towards the bottle and stiffened as his hand was grabbed by another hand which jerked him to look at his left. He stared with shock seeing his Mom looking upset that pulled him up from the bed and hugged him while crying out his name repeatedly. Jinks burst into tears allowing the emotion to take control making his form shake. He waited till his Mom settled him on the bed in a sitting position with her next to him. 
He stared at his Mom who signed “Jinks, talk to me. Are you being bullied?”
He stiffened at her question seeing an awareness look in her eyes that told him she knew something about him he didn’t know she knew. 
Jinks signed as the tears flowed “I can’t take it anymore. I can’t take them bullying me. I just can’t take it.” 
His Mom signed “Have you complained to the teachers about it?”
He signed “Their not listening to me when I complain to them. Their not doing anything at all and neither is the principal.” 
Jinks looked down to stare at his hands. He felt a hand touch his chin forcing his head to look at his Mom’s direction which he looked to stare at her with pleading in his eyes. 
He saw her sign “Jinks, I’ll talk to your father who’ll do something about it.”
Jinks stared at her with a confused expression on his face as she continued to sign “Your father is a powerful man with influence in the government and is well known. I’ll ask him to do something to make it easier for you at school. I must warn you that it’ll take time so you’ll have to put up with the bullying some more.”
He nodded his head as his Mom grabbed the bottle of sleeping pills then gently tousled his hair with affection in her eyes as he stared at her. He watched her leave the room closing the door. Jinks flopped himself onto the bed on his stomach and shut his eyes allowing himself to sleep while feeling exhaustion overtaking him. He dreamed of himself at a beach facing the water while wearing clothes that seemed alien to him. He stared at the water struggling to find peace within him. He felt a hand touch his left shoulder with a gentle tight grip which he looked to see with curiosity a man with his face having a serious expression while wearing a crown on his head and dressed in shiny clothing. 
Jinks stared at the man who spoke in a voice tone that made him think it was cruel “Jinks, I’ll make sure that you won’t suffer what you’re suffering anymore. Just be patient for it’ll take time before your suffering will end and you can live life to its fullest.” 
Jinks sighed as he felt the hand on his shoulder gently rub the area followed by the man putting his other hand on his forehead going lower to force his eyes shut. 
Jinks remembered to himself that it was the first time he met Lance in a dream and remembered his reaction to the meeting. He had jerked his eyes open with a gasp of shock running through him. He sat up with a confused expression on his face wondering who the man was. He shook his head as nothing came to his mind identifying him. He felt himself terribly hungry got up from his bed and went downstairs to see his Mom on the deaf type writer like phone called a TTY at a desk furiously typing on it while pausing to read words on the screen before typing again. Jinks sighed as he went to the kitchen and prepared a meal of a cheese sandwich which he found himself still hungry ate another sandwich and drank some milk from a cup. He went to the living room to sit on the couch staring at his Mom’s back and hearing her typing noises that made him think she was angry about something judging by the sounds. Jinks leaned back against the couch and shut his eyes ears still trained to the typing noises. He felt sleepiness hitting him felt himself tired opened his eyes and got up from the couch yawning. He went to his bedroom shutting the door and laid his form on the bed on his back and stared at the ceiling feeling sleepiness persist which he surrendered to it shutting his eyes. 
Jinks remembered one day sophomore year day of the first football game happening. He was bullied by the football players before school very badly that made him sore all over. He spent the rest of the school day wincing of pain hitting him from his sore body whenever he moved. Jinks wound up bullied again by the football players after school enough to make him hurt some more that he had dragged himself home instead of taking the bus to the football game. He arrived home and collapsed on the floor panting for breath. His Mom wasn’t in the apartment at this time which he crawled himself up the stairs crawling into his room shutting the door and got himself onto the bed shutting his eyes. He woke up as it was night time feeling himself terribly ache with soreness all over and his clothes felt confining to him. He got up wincing and yanked his clothes and shoes off his form leaving his underwear shorts on and got back into the bed. He laid his form feeling the pain get worse groaned to feel himself too weak to get up and pace. He groaned from the pain hitting him moaned loudly felt his underwear shorts become confining forced himself to get up from bed to yank them off. He got back onto the bed yanking the blankets to cover him up to his waist as he groaned loudly from the pain hitting him. He forced his eyes shut feeling himself too hurt to sleep forced them open to stare at the ceiling unseeing it in the darkness hitting his room. Jinks didn’t know how long he lay in bed till he heard the sound of his door open followed by a light switch clicking. He blinked his eyes from the glare of lamps turning on in his room as his Mom he saw walked into the room with an annoyed expression on her face that turned to shock with concerned worry in her eyes and facial expression seeing him. 
Jinks forced his hands up to sign “Mom I hurt.” 
He lowered his hands letting them fall limp on his sides as his Mom darted towards him to put a hand on his forehead which he felt soothed by her touch. He stared at his Mom who put hands on his face feeling him all over which he grimaced from her pressing on his skin. He grimaced forming it on his face as his Mom put her hands on his upper body pressing on the area then removed her hands. 
He stared at his Mom who signed “You feel and look fine to me.”
Jinks groaned as his Mom put a hand on his forehead rubbing the area which he felt soothed from her touch sighed loudly. 
His Mom signed again after removing her hand “Just get some sleep, Jinks. I’ll be downstairs on the phone with your father. I think I need to tell him to hurry up and do something. You being like this is not right.” 
He could only nod his head as his Mom left him shutting off the lamps with the light switch and closing the door. Jinks laid in bed with his eyes open for an uncertain number of time which he felt exhaustion overtake him shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep. 
Jinks remembered he spent the rest of the rest of the night and the rest of the weekend including a school day in bed sleeping on and off with visits from his Mom carrying trays of food for him to eat and checking on him. He noticed during her visits that she was appearing to scrutiny him with narrowed eyed looks while staring at his visible body not covered by the blankets. 
Jinks recalled waking up one morning on a school day feeling himself better. He felt himself hungry got up from the bed to find his clothes on the floor gone along with his shoes. He had assumed that they were put away along with his shoes in his closet. Jinks got up and noticed three big boxes on the floor of his room with his name on them scrawled in unfamiliar handwriting. He went to his dresser next to the bed to yank out clothes which he found the drawers empty. He frowned as he went to the closet to find it empty of clothes and groaned as he shut the closet door to stare at himself in the mirror on the door. He stiffened with shock seeing himself no longer gawky thin but muscular with muscles on his body and eyed the growth chart on the wall next to the closet. He went to the growth chart and stood sideways pressing his form into the wall and brought a hand on top of his head making a vertical line to the growth chart and then stepped back to stare at where his hand was. Jinks widen his eyes seeing he had a growth spurt from his former height to a bigger height to tower above his Mom’s height. He sighed as he turned around to eye the boxes which he went to one and opened it to see clothes and shoes inside it and checked the other boxes to see that they held the same thing. He yanked out a pair of underwear shorts which he put on his form finding it fit his new growth spurt. Jinks yanked out clothes from the boxes and put them away along with the shoes. He found a bathrobe in the box put it on covering his form and with both hands carried the boxes out of the bedroom to down the stairs. He found the apartment empty and saw a note taped on the TV that mention that his Mom had gone out grocery shopping with nothing to indicate about the boxed clothes in his room. He frowned set the boxes in the living room and went to the kitchen to peer in the refrigerator seeing some food left along with milk in the carton he pulled out. He pulled out a jarred applesauce from the refrigerator and hunted for some dishes which he pulled out a bowl, spoon and a cup for the milk. Jinks helped himself to a generous amount of applesauce into a bowl then put the jar back into the refrigerator. He poured what’s left of the milk into the cup and sat at the table eating the applesauce feeling himself much better from the food into him. He gulped down the milk and set the dishes in the sink which he wandered into the living room to spot on the desk was his backpack with papers next to it. Jinks went to his backpack and saw on top of the papers was a note detailing homework assignments from the High School. He groaned and sat at the desk’s chair putting his backpack on the floor and began taking out text books and a thick spiral bound notebook which he began doing homework assignments. 
Jinks remembered his Mom came home during him doing the homework assignments which he didn’t pay attention to her coming into the apartment or the noises she made putting away the groceries. He kept on doing the homework till he was finished with it to discover it was dinner time and smelled food cooking from the kitchen. He put away his text books and notebook back into his backpack and set it on the desk before walking into the kitchen to spot his Mom standing sideways at the stove drinking from a cup as he entered the kitchen. He saw her eyes narrow as if scrutiny him as he stood staring at her. Jinks frowned as she looked him up and down with her eyes then turned to face the stove to the pot on top of it. He sighed to pull out dishes and silverware which he walked out of the kitchen and set the dining table for himself and his Mom. Jinks went back into the kitchen to grab cups from the cupboards. He felt a hand on his arm looked at his Mom seeing he had to look down to meet her eyes seeing that he was towering above her. 
He saw her frown before signing “You don’t need to get me a cup. I already have one.”
Jinks nodded his head and took out a cup from the cupboard which he looked in the refrigerator to see a new carton of milk in it which he took out and poured himself some of it in the cup. He put away the milk and took the cup to the dining table and sat with his form sideways facing the kitchen entrance. Jinks sighed as his Mom arrived in the room carrying the pot with a pot holder and set it on the table on top of a pot plate then she sat down next to him. He helped himself to the food seeing it was spaghetti which he heaped on a big helping and ate everything on the plate leaving him feeling hungrier to eat more. He took another big helping and ate it all up then gulped down his milk leaving nothing left in the cup. Jinks once finished helped his Mom with cleaning the dishes and putting them away before going to the couch to sit down staring at the TV which he turned on with a remote clicking to a local news channel. He listened absent mildly and jerked as the news broadcast mentioned sports which he paid attention to hear a report.
Jinks heard "The undefeated State Champions Glastonbury crushing an opponent in their first home game with a school record touchdown scores and with no touchdown scored by the opponent team." 
He listened with distaste running through him as the broadcast mentioned the team as Wethersfield which shocked him as he listen some more. 
He heard "According to football analysis Glastonbury seemed to figure out what moves Wethersfield were throwing by easily intercepting passes to score touchdowns out of them along with scoring touchdowns that weren’t blocked or intercepted by the opposing team."
Jinks felt himself get furious hearing that as the broadcast showed the Wethersfield football coach near the end of the game throwing his hat on the ground with an angry look on his face. 
The broadcast he listened mentioned "Wethersfield is playing a game on Friday days from now to an opponent from the town of Hamden in Hamden’s territory that was second in the rankings another undefeated team that only lost to Glastonbury in the state championship title game that was expected to win the game." 
He listened with distaste running further in him as the broadcast continued to speak "Hamden is favored to win the game with assurances of doing a Glastonbury like playing in the game to crush Wethersfield." 
He glared at the TV as the broadcast mentioned "Wethersfield is currently not in the top ten rankings and not expected to challenge the higher ranked teams who are assured of an easy defeat due to Glastonbury’s easy victory." 
Jinks snarled some growl at the TV that went on to talk about other teams in the high school football league which he glared at the TV fisting his hands. 
He felt a hand on his arm looked up to stare at his Mom who signed while removing her hand “The coach I’m told says that there’s stills a spot on the team for you if you want it.” 
He nodded his head and then signed “I’m playing that game on Friday no matter what happens to me.” 
He saw his Mom nod her head with agreement in her eyes as he got up from the couch and stormed to his bedroom slamming the door. He paced in the bedroom back and forth struggling to control his angry rage running through him. He felt himself needing a shower grabbed his pajama pants from the dresser drawer and stormed out of his bedroom leaving the door open. He went into the bathroom and slammed the door. Jinks yanked off his clothes and got into the shower cleaning himself very well then came out to towel dry himself. He grabbed his pajama pants yanking them on once dry and walked out of the bathroom carrying his bathrobe and underwear shorts. He ignored his Mom standing in the hallway staring at him as he went into his bedroom slamming the door. He threw the underwear shorts in the hamper and hung the bathrobe on the bed post near the foot of the bed and went to the window to peer out glaring at the fading sun light. He allowed himself to calm down from his anger as the sun light went away followed by darkness with the stars shining and the moonlight shining. He yanked down the shade with such force and stormed to his alarm clock setting the alarm then went to the light switch turning off the lamps in the room. He blindly made his way to his bed reaching it got in it and yanked the blankets over him up to his waist. 
He snarled out loud “I don’t care how, Wethersfield is defeating Hamden period. I’ll see to it that we’re not the laughingstock in the state thanks to that loss to Glastonbury. I don’t give a care but I’ll kick the team’s seat if they bully me again by insisting that they clean their act and kick Hamden’s seat instead of mine.”
He felt sleepiness hitting him snarled out loud again “I don’t care I’m playing that game and I’ll do what it takes to win it.” 
He shut his eyes falling asleep. 
Jinks remembered getting up at crack of dawn hearing the alarm go off getting dressed followed by eating breakfast and grabbing his backpack to take out his key and leaving the apartment locking the door to walk to the High School. He arrived at the High School grounds to spot five upper classmen on the football team in the parking lot gathered around a car that saw him starting running towards him. He threw his backpack and waited as they reached him which he used his karate to defend himself from them attacking him. Jinks allowed rage to take control met the football players’ attacks with fists and legs flying. 
He was abruptly restrained from behind and heard the football coach sounding in his ear “Alright break it up now! This is not what I expected from you players fighting among each other when you should be getting along to win games! So stop it now!”
Jinks felt himself freed as the coach added “Get your butts in school to class now! I expect you all after school for practice getting along or I’ll personally kick your butts!” 
He went to his backpack picking it up and went into school noticing the coach had an angry look on his face in a glare at each player and wasn’t spared the glare. He attended school with no incident from the football players. Jinks after the last bell rang felt a presence behind him stuck out his foot in a karate kick and halted to see fellow sophomore a football player dubbed Bulk standing there with wide eyes that shifted from his foot to his face. 
Jinks lowered his foot to glare at Bulk speaking “What do you want?”
He folded his arms as Bulk appeared to gulp and spoke with some nervousness in his voice “The others told me to tell you that they’ll kick your seat at practice and make sure you’re too hurt to attend the game in Hamden.”
Jinks glared at Bulk who appeared to flinch from the glare. 
He walked forwards till he was inches away and spoke “Tell the others I’m attending that game for I intend to see us win it. I don’t care how for I’ll do what it takes for us to win that game. I’m not having Wethersfield be the laughingstock of the state with that loss to Glastonbury. I mean it with my words. We’re winning games period.” 
He saw Bulk nod his head before darting away running down the hallway going out of sight. Jinks snarled an angry growl grabbed his backpack and slammed the locker door shut before storming down the hallway. He went to the locker room to grab his uniform changing into it and grabbed his helmet and left the locker room to outside to the football field where the other players were. He stood among the players with arms folded noticing some of them glaring in his direction with fists waving at him. Jinks ignored their gestures to concentrate on the coach who he notice seemed to be aware of the players’ gestures aimed at him by the glare on the coach’s face aimed at the player making it. 
He frowned as the coach spoke in a loud tone “I’ll bench any player from playing any games if I discover that their bullying another player and I mean it with my words! I won’t tolerate bullying happening among this team. I expect you all to behave better than that!”
He formed a glare on his face as the coach added with a louder tone “I want you all getting along which is vital to winning games! I refused to have another repeat of that loss to Glastonbury happen again! So get along!”
Jinks remembered the rest of the football practice which resulted in a scrimmage game. Bulk’s warning was true the other players on the opponent team targeted him violently hitting him hard during the scrimmage game enough to have him hit the ground hard with bruises felt all over him. This went on for rest of the day. Jinks would after practice drag himself to the locker room to change into his clothes and backpack which he would drag himself home and collapse in bed passing out unconscious skipping dinner to sleep till the alarm went off two hours before the sun rise. He would get up feeling a little better but sore all over to get dressed then head downstairs to the kitchen to eat a big breakfast and drink two cups of coffee then head to the desk to do his homework doing it all till it was time to go to school which he would go and struggle to stay alert during class till football practice which he would see the same gestures again.
Jinks frowned remembering the coach took him aside day before Friday’s game at the beginning of football practice telling him "You go home and rest up for the game. You earned the rest." 
Jinks at the moment sensing an opportunity to rest obeyed leaving football practice to walk home which he arriving home doing his homework till his Mom arrived from her work near dinner time. 
He saw a look of surprise on her face seeing him home as he signed to her “Coach told me to go home and rest up for the game tomorrow.” 
He saw her nod her head before she signed “I’ll get dinner ready. Finish up your homework, Jinks.”
Jinks obeyed getting his homework done and once finished set the table for dinner which she brought out two pots full of food to put on the table. He felt himself terribly hungry ate big helpings of food till he felt himself full and drank the entire cup full of milk. He sighed leaning back against the chair to feel himself better as his Mom tapped him on the shoulder. 
He looked at her as she signed “Help me put everything away will you?”
Jinks nodded his head and helped his Mom with the dish washing and putting away the remainder of the food in the refrigerator and putting away the dishes. He went to the TV once done to turn it on to the local news channel ears trained for sports involving football. He heard a report talking about the Hamden/Wethersfield game with Hamden favored to win it with a Glastonbury like game crushing their opponent and not letting them score any touchdowns. 
Jinks glared at the TV glaring at the analysis people on the screen talking "There being a rumor going around that the Wethersfield football team wasn’t getting along with each other as in several players bullying another player and the coach not doing anything to stop it." 
Jinks dropped the remote fisting his hands as the people on the screen continued to speak "The bullied player identified as a sophomore was out sick day of the Glastonbury game." 
He growled some angry sound as the TV continued to blared talk from the people saying "We're wondering what the Glastonbury game outcome would turn out if the bullied player was in the game which we hear he’ll be in the Hamden game."
Jinks blinked his eyes as the TV went dark as if clicked off. He heard a harrumph sound from his left looked to see his Mom standing holding the remote who folded her arms to glare at him. 
He flinched from the glare as she put the remote on the couch dresser then signed “Want to explain why those players are bullying you?”
He frowned seeing the serious expression on her face sighed and raised his hands to sign “They don’t want me on the team. They wanted a guy named Reggie who’s a senior to be on the team. I heard that from one of them friendly with me. They started bullying me freshman year after I was picked over Reggie and they kept up the bullying after football season was over for the rest of the school year.”
He paused from signing to see his mom’s face become more glaring which he continued to sign “I thought they would stop the bullying this year but they kept it up again after I was again picked over Reggie who tried out for the team with the others like I did.” 
Jinks frowned as his Mom signed “You know that I have to inform the coach of this? He should be informed of this and handle the players bullying you.” 
He groaned a soft sound as his Mom again signed looking furious on her face “Go to your room and stay there. Don’t come out till I order you out unless it’s for showering and time for you to leave for school.”
Jinks obeyed going up the stairs to his room leaving the door ajar. He groaned loudly to sit on his bed rubbing a hand on his forehead while staring at the bedroom door. He lowered his hand and sat staring at the wall letting his thoughts wander. He sat and heard a door slam he recognized belonging to his mom's bedroom’s door. Jinks eyed the clock seeing it was near bedtime got up grabbing his pajama pants and went out the bedroom to the bathroom to take a shower. He came out of the bathroom to meet his Mom who had a glare on her face with arms folded while having a large cloth on her shoulder which he paused to stare at her. 
He saw her point a finger at his bedroom door and then she signed “Get in there and go to bed now. I’m furious with you and I don’t expect to see you out of that room till its time for you to leave for school the next day.” 
Jinks nodded his head and went into his bedroom gently closing the door behind him. He threw his clothes in the laundry hamper and tossed his sneakers in the closet closing the closet door behind them then shut off the lamps’ light. Sighing he went to his bed getting into it to yank his blankets up to his chest and stared at the ceiling in the darkness unseeing it. He felt sleepiness hit him sighed and allowed the feeling to overtake him as he shut his eyes falling asleep. He woke up hearing the alarm got dressed and went downstairs to make some breakfast which he ate and left the dishes in the sink feeling like his Mom should take care of them and not his responsibility. Jinks grabbed his backpack and his keys then left the apartment locking the door. He walked to school to spot the familiar five football players gathered around a car that gave him obscene gestures with their hands aimed at him. Jinks ignored the gestures to walk into school attending class. He attended school with no incident from the football players till after school is when he went to the locker room to change into his uniform and saw the players there looking angry with looks aimed at him. He shrugged off their glares while changing into his uniform and grabbing his helmet he followed them out of the locker room to the school bus which he got on it. He sat next to Bulk near the back of the bus seeing that the sophomore wasn’t that angry at him but pitying him by the look in his eyes. Jinks kept his mouth shut as the bus drove out of the school parking lot to Hamden High School. 
He heard talk among the football players in a seat in front of him talking "The coach threatening to kick players off the team if we played as bad as the loss to Glastonbury."
Jinks heard them add "For Jinks himself kicked off the team for all we have to do is lose the game very badly and point the finger of blame towards Jinks himself."
Jinks felt himself getting furious hearing that while hearing the players nearby cheer the comment. Jinks stood up and tapped the player on the head seeing he was the quarterback who turned around to look at him with a glare on his face. 
He spoke very loudly hearing silence from the bus “The coach knows that you wanted some other guy instead of me on the team and is aware of you having some campaign to kick me off to get that guy to replace me.” 
He glared at the quarterback who retorted “So what? I would rather lose the game than have you on the team.” 
He heard scattered agreements from the other players and felt Bulk tap him on the back which he sat down to glare at the sophomore. 
Bulk spoke “The coach at football practice yesterday told us he’ll kick out a player and replace him if we lose the game and made it clear that he’ll keep doing that to other games lost. The others have agreed behind the coach’s back to lose the game just to get you kicked out.”
He growled an angry sound stood up and tapped the quarterback on the head hearing silence in the bus again. Jinks saw the quarterback look at him with annoyance on his face. 
Jinks spoke loudly “Why didn’t you bother to tell the coach that you didn’t want me on the team? He could have done something about that.”
He sat down and placed his arms on his helmet and heard Bulk clear his throat. 
Jinks looked at Bulk with a glare on his face who spoke in low whispered voice tone “There are some of us who would rather win the game than lose. Don’t tell the others this but I blabbed to the coach about the others’ reasons for making fun of you and our talk behind his back. I told him with very clear details who the others that wanted you off the team were and wanted to lose.”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Bulk paused to look like he was gulping then continued to whisper “The coach assured me that he’ll handle the matter without indicating how he’ll do it. I think he’s going to have the ones that wanted to lose not play in the game at all. That’s what I think.”
Jinks nodded his head as Bulk abruptly looked away to look out the window. He let his thoughts wander as the bus drove to Hamden High School stopping in a parking lot to sit as he heard chatter become silent. Jinks looked at the front of the bus to spot the coach getting onto the bus with arms folded a glare on his face with some look in his eyes that made him grimace. 
He frowned as the coach spoke in loud tone “We’re here at Hamden High School to play the Green Dragons. I expect a better performance than that Glastonbury game this time.”
He listened as the coach paused and then continued to speak “I heard a rumor that several players here are willing to lose the game just to get a hated player kicked out.”
He heard several gasps sounds from the players in the bus as the coach kept talking “The rumor is very clear detailed on who those players willing to lose the game are. I must regret to inform you but those players will not be playing in this game but will spent the remainder of game time on the bus thinking about their actions which is not tolerable.”
He stiffened hearing growling noises from the players and heard Bulk besides him whimper some pained sound. 
Jinks heard the coach add “I’m disappointed with your attitude towards a player who I picked for the team instead of another player. I feel like you should have come forwards with your preferences to who you wanted instead of bullying this player to leave the team. This behavior is not acceptable.”
He heard silence from the bus as the coach spoke “I’ll speak your name and you are required to leave the bus. Those whose names aren’t spoken will spend the remainder of the game on the bus. I expect those left behind to think about their actions. This is a team game. I expect the team to play together to win together and I want victories. I don’t tolerate loses especially on purpose.”
Jinks again heard silence on the bus as the coach began reciting last names of the players who got up from their seats leaving the bus. He heard his name called along with Bulk’s got up followed by the sophomore and left the bus to stand on the parking lot. He looked among the players seeing that the quarterback wasn’t among them along with the quarterback’s sitting companion. Jinks frowned as the coach left the bus walking out which he stood with the players seeing the coach look seriously angry who pointed a finger in a direction and made a come gesture. Jinks wordlessly followed the coach with the players to the field to spot a crowd in the stands that were for Hamden along with the cheerleaders cheering for the Green Dragons. Jinks gave the crowd a glare as the coach got him and the players into warm up exercises and stretches before standing near the benches waiting as the Hamden team arrived to the crowds’ cheering noises. Jinks heard the whistle blow its noises from the referees signaling the start of the game. 
He heard the coach speak putting a hand on him “You’re the quarterback this time. It’s your responsibility to help the team win this game alright?”
Jinks nodded his head and put on his helmet going onto the playing field followed by his teammates. 
He spoke to his teammates in the huddle “Stay alert for I’m throwing the ball to who ever is free enough to run and score a touchdown. Also keep an eye on who I get the ball to help the player get to the end zone get it?”
He heard agreements from the other players as he added “I’ll do what it takes to score and I don’t care what we do we’re scoring period.” 
He again heard agreements from the players as they broke huddle and went to line up for game. 
Jinks remembered that Wethersfield crushed Hamden by playing a near Glastonbury like game by scoring a large number of touchdowns with Hamden only scored one touchdown. 
His Mom he recalled the next day showed him the local newspaper focused in sports with the headline blare “Montreal Avenges Loss.” 
He read the article detailing him playing quarterback for the team for the whole game and helping them win the game. 
Jinks grimaced recalling that practice for days were bad for him because of the players that weren’t in the game targeted him with their bullying attitude towards him by making it appear that they were just playing with him. 
Jinks recalled the next game featuring New Haven on their territory and that the team was fourth in the rankings. He remembered the whistle blowing ending the game after intercepting a pass he was throwing and saw the New Haven players act like it was a championship game by their behavior. On the bus Bulk told him that the players were going to target he during practice for the loss for awhile which his words proved true. 
Jinks sighed remembering the team playing Glastonbury for their first home game. He remembered the game clearly. He was sitting on the bench getting a little annoyed on not being in the game and watched with a groan as the team’s quarterback went down and got up staggering acting like he was hurt. 
Jinks kept his eyes on the quarterback as the coach spoke “Montreal, come up.” 
He obeyed to stand next to the coach as two players arrived hauling the quarterback who was groaning loudly. 
He heard the coach spoke “You’re in the game Montreal so get in.” 
Jinks obeyed putting on his helmet and walked into the game to huddle with the players. 
He heard one of them speak recognizing him as a senior named Nijon “Montreal, throw the ball to me period. Get it?” 
He nodded his head as they separated lining up and he got the ball only to spot two Glastonbury players near Nijon. He looked around to spot another senior named Rawson far away without any players on him. Jinks without hesitation threw the ball towards Rawson who he saw looked shocked to see the ball heading towards him. 
Jinks yelled “Don’t stand there! Catch the ball and run!”
He saw Rawson grab the ball as if hearing him and take off running towards the end zone with Glastonbury players struggling to catch up with him by them repeatedly blocked by Wethersfield players. He watched as Rawson reached the end zone and saw the referee there signal a touchdown. 
He threw his fist and yelled “yes!”
He heard the crowd cheer their approval and banging sounds from the bleachers. 
Jinks shook his head of the memory to recall being in class while in the high school kept after class with a teacher named Travis. He stood in the room as the teacher talked and heard the phone rang followed by teacher Travis getting up to answer the phone with an annoyed expression on his face. 
Jinks heard “Travis here. What the depths do you want now? I’m busy with a student.” 
He frowned at the teacher’s question as Teacher Travis gave up a harrumph before hanging up the phone. 
He stared at the teacher who spoke to him “Aw get your butt to the gym if you’re not serving detention so move it.” 
Jinks obeyed grabbing his backpack and slinging it on and went out of the room. He took a route to the gym room to hear silence from there which confused him. Frowning he yanked open one of the double doors to see the gym crowded with students and teachers that cheered seeing him which made him feel embarrassed as his football team grabbed him and hoisted him on their shoulders taking him further into the room. 
Jinks sighed as he was put down next to the school principal Edwards who spoke in a microphone “Here he is Jinks Montreal the hero of the school!”
He felt himself feeling more embarrassed shrugged as he saw a man next to the principal holding a plaque award in his hands as Edwards continued to speak “As voted by the coaches in the High School football league, Jinks Montreal is now the league’s Most Valuable Player!”
He heard cheering sounds as the man holding the award handed it to him and stood forcing himself to smile brightly as another man holding a camera flashed it at him. 
He recalled his Mom after school showing him the newspaper with the title “Montreal voted MVP.” 
He figured that MVP stood for ‘Most Valuable Player’ after reading the article detailing him being voted for the award by the High School coaches in the league. 
Jinks sighed from the memories running in his mind to hear multiple meows and felt pressure on his lap which he jerked himself from the reverie to look down and saw two cats appearing to be almost adults sitting on his lap both tummy sitting while facing different directions. He stared at the cats to sense that they were both female and examined their coloring and markings with his eyes. He saw one cat was mostly in different shades of gray with tiger like stripes on her sides and had a look of a mask on her face with white fur on the rest of her face. He examined the other cat seeing some whiteness on the cat along with shades of tan and grey splotches on her fur. He sighed feeling them give off rumbling vibrations that told him they were purring. Jinks stiffened as he sensed a presence at the door to spot Victoria standing there with a hand covering her mouth with laughter in her eyes. He frowned as she removed her hand while struggling to frown despite still having the laughter look in her eyes. 
He stared at Victoria with a frown who spoke with a hint of laughter in her voice “Meet Tiger and Willow and aren’t they cute sitting on you?”
He frowned to stare at Victoria who burst out laughing before cutting her laughter short with a frown on her face. 
Jinks spoke pointing with a finger with a free hand “This one is Willow.” 
He indicated the cat with tan and grey splotches on her fur seeing Victoria nod her head. 
He added “This one is Tiger and what’s with the names?”
Jinks stared at Victoria who spoke “Oh Tiger got her name from her fur while Willow is after a character in a favorite book of mine.” 
He nodded his head and spoke “Victoria, you going to school tomorrow right?”
He saw her frown with a frown in her eyes as he continued to speak “Go to school Victoria. You need it to learn about Shadan and how to live in it.”
He heard a groan noise from Victoria as he added “Believe me I feel like I still don’t know much about Shadan at this time despite going to school too many years ago. So go to school Victoria and learn. Maybe you could share what you learned with me if you like.” 
He saw her nod her head before leaving the room leaving the door ajar. Jinks sighed and adjusted the book till he was at the first page and began reading it page by page. Sometime during his reading he felt a cat get off his lap ignored the sensation and felt the remaining cat on his lap adjust her position before becoming still with breathing felt. He read the book till he reached the page involving him to hear a throat clearing noise which he looked up to spot Victoria standing in the door way. He frowned looking with a questioning look on his face. 
Victoria spoke “Its quite dinnertime now. Won’t you come and join me?”
He placed the book down on the table next to the chair then stiffened feeling the cat still on his lap to look down seeing it was Willow appearing to be asleep. 
He looked up at Victoria who spoke “Oh don’t worry she’ll get over being waked up.” 
He sighed and forced himself to get up moving the cat off his lap who gave up a loud meow in an annoyed tone while landing on her four paws on the rugged floor. 
He stared at Willow who arched her back and heard Victoria speak “Dad, come on.”
Jinks sighed and followed Victoria out of the room to the dining room to spot a cup of strawberry milkshake on the table for him to drink and next to it was a tray full of nourishment for Victoria. He sat down and drank the strawberry milkshake as Victoria ate the food showing that she had a hungry appetite. He leaned back once done to stare at his daughter eating the food who ignored his staring. 
Jinks sighed and mentally thought “Should I bother telling her some details about my past?”
He heard from Lance “Only if you think it’s necessary.” 
He groaned softly and saw Victoria staring at him with a questioning look on her face while eating her food. 
He spoke “Finish your dinner and I’ll mention what I’m thinking.”
He saw her look away to stare at the table while continuing eating her food followed by drinking from a cup all the contents before sitting back to stare at him. 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Come on I’ll show you in the library. There’s a book there I want to show you with something in it worth your time.” 
He saw her nod her head as he got up hearing her get up following him to the library. Inside he picked up the book he was reading and handed it to her. 
Jinks spoke “Take a look at it and tell me what you think.” 
He sat down in an armchair as Victoria went to sit and examined the book with a hint of being bored on her face.
Jinks recalled the page where he was featured in spoke the page number and added “Check out the page and tell me what you think.” 
He watched Victoria’s face for her reaction seeing her open the book to the desired page and saw her do a double take look with her eyes widening of shock in them. 
He stared at Victoria who looked up speaking “Impossible! That’s you in that book but no Human has lived that long!” 
He sighed and spoke “I’m considered a Human God remember?”
He saw her expression change to shock on her face while gaping at him. 
Jinks spoke in a soft firm tone “Victoria.” 
He saw her shake her head before removing the gaping look from her face turning into a frown. 
Jinks sighed softly as she stared at him before she spoke “Oh dear this explains some things I’ve heard while at school such as them mentioning you as a former Mayor of the city who went on to be elected King after holding several office positions in a fifteen year period.”
He nodded his head as Victoria paused which he spoke “What you heard is true and I’m not kidding on that.” 
He saw her eyes become widen eyed as he continued to speak “I’ve lived very long without aging and I’ve seen and done many things over the years as I lived outliving people who I consider family. I’ll be sure to tell you about the things one of those days.” 
Jinks found Victoria bursting in tears in response and darting out of the room which he groaned. He wound up sleepy shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance.
Jinks frowned Lance spoke “Victoria being upset was from seeing her mother in the crowd with her mother’s mate there via recordings. She knows who her mother is actually told by Jacqueline who gave her various pictures including hinting to her that it's a sore subject with you.”
He sighed and spoke as Lance paused “I really should get over being upset with how Victoria came to exist.”
He saw his father nod his head and then Lance spoke “There’s a recording of you mating with Natasha in the elevator that I managed to keep Victoria from seeing by insisting that she’ll view it after you admit to her how she came to exist.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as his father brought a hand to his forehead and forced his eyes shut. 
Jinks woke up in the library room with Willow sitting on his lap that gave off a meow in a worried tone which he looked down to eye the cat that met his eyes with some worried look in them. Groaning he forced Willow off his lap by getting up who didn’t give a complaint and sensed the cat following him as he left the library room to feel compelled to go to the kitchen which he obeyed. He paused seeing Victoria sitting on the bench sideways facing the servants in the kitchen doing their work who looked at him with narrowed eyed looks. 
He groaned a soft sound and spoke “Victoria.”
Jinks waited as Victoria shifted her position to face him with a frown on her face while still in a sitting position. He went to Victoria to kneel in front of her and took one of her hands feeling it gripped gently while noticing a frown look on her face. 
He spoke “Some things I haven’t been admitting to you until now.”
He paused seeing her face become more frowning as he continued “You’re aware of Katherine right?”
He saw Victoria nod her head with expression still on her face. 
Jinks spoke “What I didn’t tell you is that after she passed away I let grief control me for awhile. Robert noticed that and tried to get me to stop which we wound up having an argument I denying the behavior and him insisting I stop it. He wound up walking out and came back once I was better to introduce Samira to me.”
He paused seeing Victoria didn’t look surprised to hear his words which he continued “I later met your mother Natasha who came here with a sympathy card about Katherine’s passing. I broke down in Natasha’s presence then once I was calmer forced her into the elevator and came onto her sexually. She refused my advances but I used the status as being the Master and her being a believer to submit to me. Natasha didn’t submit whole heartily just allowed me to have my way with her. Then once I was done I took her out of the elevator and told the guards to escort her out while I went back to the penthouse.”
He paused to see Victoria’s eyes widen a bit before adding “Gustav later pointed out Natasha carrying you status to me and that she had a Builder mate who had beliefs involving the father raises the child with no help from the female or her Builder mate. I wound up raising you after you were born. I haven’t regretted having you in my life for you give me a purpose to live except I do regret how you came to exist hence me not willing to talk about it whenever you bring it up to me.”
He bowed his head to stare at the floor while cutting off his talk. Jinks sensed Victoria’s mood was acceptance sighed as he sensed her hand released his hand before feeling her hugging him in a tight grip. He gently leaned his head against Victoria’s head as she hugged him. He sighed feeling Victoria stop hugging him to stare at her seeing a frown in her eyes. 
He spoke “I’m told that there’s a recording of your mother and I mating in the elevator that resulted in you.” 
Jinks saw Victoria nod her head with understanding in her eyes as he added “It’s up to you if you want to view the recording. I’m not sure if I can view it myself due to still feeling angry at my behavior of how I treated your mother that created you.” 
Jinks heard a throat clearing noise at his right looked to see Jacqueline with a frown on her face hold up a square object in her hand appearing to hold a shiny round circular object inside it. 
He stared at Jacqueline who spoke “The recording is in this DVD. I acquired it in my mailbox after what happened to Victoria with a note instructing me to give it to your daughter after you admitted how she came to exist for her to view. The TV room has the proper equipment set for the DVD to be viewed on the TV.”
Jinks looked at Victoria who gave him a frown look which he spoke “Take it Victoria. Go view the recording. Just go see what I told you and maybe it’ll help you understand why I’m angry about it.” 
He saw Victoria nod her head before taking the DVD he assumed from Jacqueline and then with hesitance got up from the bench to gently lean down kissing him on the cheek before walking out of sight. He heard the kitchen doors bang behind him as Victoria left the kitchen. Jinks groaned softly got up from the floor and went to the bench to sit facing the table bowing his head putting his elbows on the table and putting up his hands to bury his face in them. He heard silence from the servants and their motions in the kitchen but sensed them watching him. 
He thought to himself “It’s done. I told her. I just hope I’ll get over being angry at myself for how I treated her mother that resulted in her.” 
Jinks heard nothing from Lance assumed that his father was monitoring Victoria viewing the DVD to pay attention to him. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and shut his eyes keeping his face still buried in his hands. Jinks felt a hand touch his left shoulder feeling adult like that gently rubbed the area followed by another hand touching his other shoulder and felt his upper back being massaged by the hands. He forced himself to relax from the hands’ motions on him but kept his face buried in his hands with his eyes shut. He didn’t know how long he sat there having his back touched as he felt himself slowly losing tension from his form from the massage to hear the kitchen doors bang its sound and sensed Victoria in the room. He forced himself to relax as he sensed Victoria sit on the bench next to him as the massage stopped. 
He heard Victoria speak in a soft voice “Dad.” 
Jinks sensed the firm tone in her voice forced his hands away from his face while opening his eyes to look on his right to stare at Victoria sitting next to him while having the servants scattered in the room behind her. He saw her looking serious with it in her eyes as she met his eyes staring at her. 
Victoria spoke “It’ll be alright Dad. I sort of get your feelings about how I came to exist from viewing the recording.” 
He kept his mouth shut to nod a short bob towards her as he turned his face away while lowering his hands clasping them in front of him. He shifted his eyes to stare out the window letting his mind become blank as he felt Victoria’s hand on his shoulder gripping the area. He unclasped his hands to bring one of them on top of his daughter’s hand on his shoulder to grip it in a gentle grip before releasing his hold to again clasp his hands in front of him. Jinks bowed his head to stare at his hands seeing them still young looking with no wrinkles on them. His eyes shifted to his nails seeing that they were short and that they remained the same as ever since he came into his father’s body. He heard the sound of the kitchen doors banging and felt his daughter release her hold on his shoulder giving off a gasp sound. 
He frowned as Barry’s voice sounded behind him “Jinks come with me. Some place I want to take you to.” 
He forced himself to get up from the table to stand facing Barry standing in front of the doors with Tatiana next to the Builder. He saw Barry’s expression was serious while Tatiana appeared to be frowning. Sighing he followed the Builders out of the kitchen to the elevator and watched Barry ordered him to command it to the garage room. He frowned as the elevator went down with a humming sound while hearing dings sounds as it passed floors. He heard nothing from Barry or Tatiana as the elevator reached the garage room and he wordlessly followed the Builders out walking among cars till they paused. He saw that the Builders stopped near a sedan with tinted windows with a Highlander driver standing next to it opening the car door. 
He heard Barry speak “The driver has been instructed on where to take you. You’ll find a guide at the destination that’ll lead you to where you’re to go.” 
Jinks sighed keeping his mouth shut and got into the car to sit which he felt the driver close the door behind him. He hunted for the seat belt putting it on his form as the driver got into the car. Jinks listened to the driver putting on his seat belt followed by verbally ordering the car to start up and felt the motions of the vehicle becoming to life. He turned his attention to stare out the window as the driver drove the car out of the garage room going into the street and driving away from the building. Jinks watched the scenery absent mildly eyes not registering things in his viewing sight as he let his mind become blank. He stiffened as the scene changed appearing to be familiar as the driver stopped the car before getting out and he sensed the door open in front of him. Jinks got out of the car looking around while hearing the car door slam behind him followed by a car door opening and closed and heard the car drive away. He stared at the scene showing some kind of road with an outdoor market on it with Asians scattered around appearing to be selling their ware along with some of them appearing to be buying items from the booths. He frowned recognizing the scene as a part of Chinatown in the city continued to look around while noticing that the Asians appeared to sense him standing there by them glancing in his direction before looking away. He heard a throat clearing noise besides him at his left looked to see an Asian Human man with white hair looking familiar with a cane in his right hand while wearing some black karate uniform with a black belt around his waist standing next to him. 
He frowned as the man spoke sounding familiar “Come with me I’ll take you to where you’re to go.” 
Jinks nodded his head towards the man and wordlessly followed him down the market’s street passed by Asians who appeared to stare at him as he walked by them. He saw that they displayed different ranges of emotions on their faces and eyes as they stared at him walking by. He followed the man walking who abruptly turned to his right to walk up a set of stone steps which he followed to see a young Asian Human male wearing an orange Karate uniform standing at the top with a blank expression on his face that stepped aside as if allowing the older man to walk passed him. He saw an opening and followed the male through a doorway that led him through several corridors passed closed doors and open doorways till they entered a somewhat large room before pausing from walking. Jinks saw a large golden statue of a male figure at one end of the room appearing to be in a crossed legged position while wearing some sort of headdress on his head. 
He frowned as the man spoke “Go kneel and mediate to clear your mind. There’s work to be done that requires a clear mind.” 
He frowned but obeyed to go into the middle of the room to kneel shutting his eyes. He found his mind too cluttered to ghost walk forced himself to mediate from breathing techniques. Jinks heard sounds sounding all around him sounding like multiple voices were chanting gibberish but kept himself mediating to feel himself sleepy forced himself to remain kneeling as he bowed his head surrendering to the sleepiness. 
Jinks jerked from the sleepiness from his senses blaring warning behind him. He jerked open his eyes and quickly spun around to grab a spear handle held in the hands of an Asian male looking like he was young aged wearing a black karate uniform appearing to look angry. He eyed the male that jerked the spear in but couldn’t budge it from his ironclad grip on it. Jinks narrowed his eyes staring at the male who released the spear and he tossed it aside before turning around to resume mediating. His senses blared warning again as he opened his eyes to thrust up his hands near his head catching the wrists of the male standing in front of him. The male he stared at jerked from his ironclad grip which he thrust away from him to shut his eyes and resume mediating. He opened his eyes after hearing a yell sound in foreign language he assumed to see about five males wearing orange karate uniforms run into his eyes sight forming karate fighting poses aimed at him. Jinks forced himself to his feet as the male in black karate uniform standing on his left pointed a finger at him and spoke in foreign language. He saw the males in orange uniforms edge closer towards him whom he mentally waved his hands ordering paralysis to hit their feet and saw the males become confused while looking down. He listened as the males in orange scattered spoke in foreign language sounding freaked out to the male in black who roared an angry sound then charged at him. Jinks waved his hands mentally ordering paralysis to hit the male and saw that his order wasn’t working as the male attacked him with legs and fists flying which he used his hands and legs to block the attacks. Jinks mentally recalled his karate and fighting in tournaments met the male with equal movements counterattacking the male’s attack and knocked him onto the floor. He backed up waiting as the male gave off some growling sound and with karate swung up move got up from the floor charging towards him. Jinks again met the male’s attack with his karate and again knocked the male onto the floor which he backed up waiting as the male got up charging at him again. Jinks felt himself getting annoyed with the male’s attitude to grab the male by the neck with one hand and lifted the fighter up to dangle his feet. Jinks saw the male’s eyes widen with shock in them as he willed the Master through him to narrow his eyes glaring at the male who gagged out in foreign language. 
It took him a second to figure out the male said “I yield to you.”
Jinks slowly lowered the male till his feet were touching the ground and released his hold on the male’s neck that got on one knee and bowed towards him while speaking in foreign language. 
It took him another second to figure out that the male said “I respect your authority over me and will take your wisdom.” 
He eyed the males in orange seeing that they appeared to be shocked as he waved a hand and mentally ordered the paralysis away from their feet to see them kneel on one knee while bowing their forms repeating the male in black’s words. Jinks willed away the Master as he heard a clapping sound blinked his eyes to discover himself kneeling in the room and the males were gone and facing him kneeling was the old Asian male who slowly opened his eyes to stare at him with some relieved expression in his eyes and expression. Jinks frowned stiffening as he realized that the young male in the black karate uniform was the old male judging by the face looking identical despite the oldness to it in the old male’s face. 
Jinks stared at the old Asian who spoke in Summeran “You have relieved me of a terrible burden that has plagued me. Allow me to help you relieve you of yours.” 
Jinks frowned and opened his mouth and found himself speaking “I had a mate who I lost to death and allowed grief to control me. I managed to get better but was still upset. I met a woman in a lobby of my home who gave me a sympathy card for my mate’s loss. I had a breakdown in front of her and once calm forced the woman into the elevator and came onto her sexually. She resisted but I used my God like status with her as a believer to submit and then tossed her aside. I was later informed by one of my servants in my residence that she was carrying my daughter and brought me to where she was in my home. I was also told that she had a mate who had beliefs that the father of the child by the female raises the child with no help from her or her mate. I have managed to figure out that raising my daughter gave me a purpose in life that I don’t regret but I regret the way I treated the child’s mother to create her which has bothered me from time to time. This has left me feeling angry that I don’t like talking about it even told my daughter it was forbidden when she asked me about it. I’m still angry that I did this to my daughter’s mother to create her and I’m still upset about it.” 
He paused from talking seeing that the Asian’s expression changed to seriousness. 
He frowned as the Asian spoke “Have you told your daughter of this burden?”
Jinks spoke “Yes I have. I told her along with telling her that there was a recording of the mating which I haven’t bothered to view due to still being angry about it. I did tell my daughter to view the recording to see for herself my angry view.” 
He saw the Asian nod his head with understanding in the male’s eyes as the man spoke “Your burden you have is possibly shared by your daughter’s mother who may be feeling the same way. Along with her possibly feeling upset about not able to raise her daughter with you due to her husband’s beliefs this is a burden to her.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as the Asian paused then continued “I recommended that you tell your daughter’s mother the burden plaguing you and see how she feels. Perhaps she’ll find the opportunity to relieve herself of being burdened herself to you.” 
Jinks nodded his head as the Asian continued speaking “I have another burden I must admit to you. My given name is Tan Lee descendant of one who name was Tan Lee.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the man’s words who kept talking “Tan Lee who I bare his name has passed his knowledge of karate to his family who came to me along with some unnatural ability which my family put me into the Lotus Order to learn how to use the ability properly. I admit when I first joined I treated myself as a deity lord and used my abilities to treat the others a terrible way till another family member my father arrived here and taught me it was wrong. He taught me very clearly a lesson I have taken to heart but I have become burdened of how I treated myself and others before my father came along with his lesson. I carried the burden for years till one walked up to me in the city and told me that he’ll bring someone to come to me to help me relieve the burden which he has kept his words. I am now relieved of this burden which I tell you.” 
He frown hearing the man he assumed was Tan Lee’s words who paused from talking then added “You may go now Jinks Montreal. Just remember there are always people willing to help you with your burdens. Trust them to help you.” 
He nodded his head and stood as the Tan Lee stood up while hearing a throat clearing noise behind him. He turned to see a young Asian Human male wearing an orange karate uniform behind him that gestured him to follow with a hand. He made a hand gesture of karate towards Tan Lee who made an identical gesture and then he followed the Asian out of the temple to the street that kept walking which he followed reaching the end of the market street to show his familiar driver standing in front of the sedan parked nearby. Jinks went to the car getting inside and hunted for the seat belt as the driver shut the door behind him. He stared out the window seeing Asians looking in his direction appearing to look happy with hand gestures of touching their heads despite wearing hats. He nodded his head towards them as the driver put on the seat belt and started up the car before driving it away. Jinks stared out the window frowning letting his thoughts wondering in his mind. He saw the car drive by the front entrance to his home building to see the familiar crowd was there and then followed by the car reaching the garage room after a bit of driving down a street. He waited unbuckling his seat belt for the driver to open the car door which he got out and walked to the elevator waiting for it to arrive. Jinks heard the elevator ding its sound opening doors to see with his surprise Barry and Tatiana standing inside the male Builder showing a serious expression and his female companion showing a frown expression. 
He walked inside and got ordered by Barry speaking "Just say Reception. It'll take you to where there's visitors."
Jinks obeyed to the command as he heard nothing more from Barry. 
He heard Barry clear his throat before speaking “There’s a matter of unburdening yourself with a problem. I have a solution where I’ll take you to it.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the elevator went up then stopped at a floor showing a hallway which he followed Barry and Tatiana out walking passed double doors till the Builders stopped at a double door. He watched Barry yank one open and gestured for him to walk inside which he obeyed to pause seeing it was a sitting room with a window and couches and sitting on a couch was Natasha, Victoria's Mother with Madisoni her husband the Builder next to her as the door shut behind him. He formed a frown seeing Madisoni and Natasha look up with frowns on their faces. He stiffened seeing Madisoni’s look change to seriousness as Natasha looked nervous followed by her looking down. 
He eyed Natasha to hear Madisoni speak “He’s here so tell him what you told me Natty.” 
Jinks kept his eyes on Natasha that shook her head and saw Madisoni place his hands on her shoulders appearing to be massaging the areas. With a soft sigh he walked towards Natasha to kneel in front of her gently taking one of her hands feeling her stiffen from his hand’s grip. 
Jinks spoke “Back then when I mated with you I was still hurting from the pain of losing my mate. I felt like taking you sexually which I did using my Master status. I found myself after Victoria was old enough to talk feeling angry about what I did to you to create her. The anger stayed within me for years even when Victoria was old enough to get it. I refused to talk to her about you by saying it was forbidden to her. Victoria took the news very badly getting upset about it. I’m told that the servants wound up behind my back to tell Victoria about you. I managed to get around to telling Victoria about how I treated you to create her and my feelings. I should add that there’s a recording of the mating I urged Victoria to view which I haven’t seen due to feeling angry about the situation.”
Jinks paused as Natasha looked him in the eyes showing pain in them. 
Jinks continued speaking “I don’t regret having to raise Victoria for she gave me a purpose in life to live which I cherish her as my greatest treasure. I do regret the way I treated you to create her which has bothered me for a long time.” 
He felt his hand gently squeezed and heard Madisoni speak loudly in a soft tone “Natty, he shares a burden you have yourself which he has told you of his now tell him of yours.” 
He stared at Natasha who spoke meeting his eyes “It took me awhile till I held my daughter Marina for the first time who my husband is the father of to feel the gravity of the situation related to Victoria. I felt ranges of emotions running through me as I held Marina while recalling the mating that created our daughter to feel myself terribly upset knowing that I wouldn’t have anything to do with raising her. I wound up falling into a terrible depression that lasted for years which raising Marina helped me cope with it but the depression remained. Madisoni tried to help me by telling news of Victoria’s growth and pictures of her from school which helped me feel a little bit better but the depression was still there. I managed to stop feeling the depression when I saw Victoria standing next to you and sensing you would protect her from harm from your behavior towards her. I could sense that you had raised her very well from what I’m told about her.”
Jinks nodded his head as Natasha paused to place her other hand on his before adding “I felt terrible sadness hearing that Victoria was shot at school which for awhile I kept vigil in front of your building anxious to see her and see if she was alright. I’m relieved to see that she’s doing ok when I saw her with my own eyes and saw that she recognized me by the look in her eyes seeing me. I just feel ok now with Victoria’s situation.” 
He sighed to speak “So do I.” 
He heard the door open behind him stiffened sensing Victoria had entered the room and saw Natasha’s eyes shift up behind him with her relieved expression changing to hope in them. Jinks felt Natasha release her hold on his hands as he stood up and turned sideways to look at Victoria who was staring at her mother with a shocked expression on her face. 
He spoke in a firm tone “Victoria, this is your mother. Go meet her.” 
He saw Victoria’s eyes shift towards him which he gestured with his head towards Natasha with a serious expression on his face seeing her shocked expression leave to form a frown. He stared at Victoria who slowly walked forwards towards her mother who he noticed had stood up along with Madisoni still having hands on her shoulders. He eyed Victoria who halted till she was inches away from Natasha who gently took one of her hands to cradle it in her hands. 
He heard Madisoni speaking “I’m not human but part of a human like race called Builder who has a strong belief that the father of the child who a female mate of a Builder bore raises the child without any help from the female or her mate.”
Jinks frowned as he saw Victoria gently nod her head which he gently laid a hand on her shoulder sensing her feeling a little stiff but accepting Madisoni’s words. 
He shifted his eyes towards Natasha who spoke with a sad tone “Victoria, for years I’ve been burdened with a terrible depression on not able to raise you. I felt like I could have given you a life if I had the opportunity. I heard that your father has raised you well judging by what Madisoni told me about your life in school and seeing pictures of you as you grew up. I saw your father’s behavior towards you when you were shot I saw that incident happen. Madisoni prevented me from going near me actually. Your father's behavior shows to me that he actually cares about you very deeply. I wasn’t sure how he felt about being saddled with raising you till he actually told me that it helped him find a purpose in life and he doesn’t regret it.” 
He felt Victoria relax underneath his hand as Natasha paused from talking to hear his daughter speak in a soft tone “Mama.” 
He released his hand from her shoulder as he saw Natasha released Victoria’s hand followed by Victoria embracing her mother who hugged her back. He heard crying sounds sounding like Victoria was crying while being hugged as he saw Natasha’s expression on her face showed happiness on it. Jinks sighed as Madisoni hugged both females with his arms around each of them looking like he was relieved by the expression on his face. He gently placed his arms around both females underneath Madisoni’s arms to feel his daughter and Natasha seemingly happy with each other. Jinks sighed softly as Madisoni released his hold on both females followed by himself doing the same. He eyed both females who released their hold on each other to see Natasha put hands on Victoria’s face as if wiping away her tears while smiling a gentle smile at her.

End Book Three
