"I Am Lance Richard, 
Deity Lord." Book 2
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Part One: New Life 

Jinks woke up hearing a ringing noise sounding like a familiar alarm clock. He frowned hearing the noises sounded familiar to him but compelling him to wakefulness. He jerked open his eyes looking around with his eyes. He discovered himself lying on a bed from the feel of it on his back. He heard a hiss of oxygen like air blowing onto him as his eyes registered a tube cylinder glass walls surrounding him and the bed. Jinks felt himself confused to why he was lying in an odd bed. He placed hands onto his forehead and rubbed his eyes feeling pressure of a form of a small child sitting on his front. He looked down with shock to see a naked ten year old girl with a Human appearance and having black hair with all white eyes creeping him out that waved a hello gesture before disappearing in a flash of light. 
Jinks frowned thinking to himself "What's going on to have me be in this thing?" 
He heard nothing in answer to his question frowned to find a head appearing to look Human with a tan skin and white hair streak seen peering into the glass while staring at him he stared back with a confused expression. Jinks sat up as if feeling like needing to do it to watch the person a male open the tank he saw was something involving oxygen and yank him and bed out. 
Jinks frowned while staring at the male speaking "What's going on?"
He got the male in response injecting him a syringe into his neck and speaking "Nighty night."
He felt sleepiness hitting him felt the Master willed forwards as if compelled to find the sleepy feeling leaving him. 
He gave the nurse a glare and spoke using the Master's creepy voice tone "Kindly take that syringe out of my neck now!"
He glared at the nurse who obeyed speaking "Oops!"
Jinks didn't say a word as the nurse pulled out a handgun like object from his pocket and added "Nighty night."
He waved a hand towards the handgun as if compelled to find it giving off a whining noise as if jammed indicating it a Taser gun. Jinks got up from the bed finding the nurse attacking him with the handgun in hand using it as a weapon to hit him on the head. He blocked the nurse's arm using karate finding his body whined in pain whenever he tried to kick high enough to keep the male away from him. 
Jinks spoke firmly "Kindly tell me what's going on here now!"
He found the nurse in response rolling his eyes and hitting the floor appearing to be unconscious while seeing a syringe jutting from the male's neck. 
He frowned to find a male appearing from view speaking "No wonder you were desperate to keep him asleep that long."
Jinks eyed the male who added while noticing him "The name is Alexei Zesky. I'm the head of the Zeskaya or Zesky Hospital as it's referred, as its President and leader. Excuse me while I ask you to be transported to your residence which is where you should be."
He heard a faint roaring noise to find the scene changed to find himself in his familiar bedroom with the sunlight blaring through window shades up. 
Jinks spoke "Crazy and crazier."
He willed aside the Master to feel himself still clad in his underwear shorts. With a groan he began rummaging through dresser drawers finding it empty of clothes. 
He felt annoyance take hold to think to himself "Blast Burke must have taken everything of mine out of here after he shot me in the chest."
Jinks felt a compulsion to go into the closet obeyed to find a suitcase looking dusty and worn sitting inside in the back of the area. He yanked the suitcase out sneezing multiple times and opened the thing to find clothes inside he recognized as his. Jinks put on his rugby top and jeans that felt stiff as if left folded for a lengthy time period to his confusion.
This was followed by walking out of the bedroom thinking to himself "I might as well go eat something."
He sensed Demeter no where in the apartment by not feeling her around or sensing her. 
He grumbled to himself as he went down the stairs "Drat Burke must have done something to her."
Jinks went to the living room to pause seeing the TV was a flat screened monitor showing a date flashing on the screen. He stiffened when he saw the year was different from the year he recalled being shot. He frowned as his mind registered that twenty years have passed since he was shot in the chest and felt confusion on why he was knocked out that long. He spotted an envelope on the TV's recorder device taped to it addressed to him which he walked up to it and yanked it off to open it.
Jinks reading the letter "The shooter shooting you was identified as Burke Richardson via cameras that recorded him doing it. He shot you in the chest right in the heart area causing damage to the heart. The bullet was taken out but there was damage which you were transferred to the Zesky hospital that had you put in some sleep coma because of your body having the ability to heal from the damage by sleeping the healing in some coma. Roosevelt Knight was reportedly said to have paid a staff member via bribery to keep you asleep which lasted twenty years with checking on you by this staff member to see if you were remaining asleep. You through tests after your shooting revealed other injuries. Such as muscle damage to other areas on the body. Along with lungs damaged from suspiciously like water getting into them. Along with injuries consisted of knife wounds inside the body with skin showing no damage on the surface and some cracked bones. The twenty year forced sleep healed you up restoring you back to health." 
He rubbed a hand on his forehead as the paper continued to mention "Demeter lived a long life at the Zesky hospital as a pet to its president Alexei Zesky and recently passed away two years ago. Alexei had her body cremated and ashes scattered over the ocean." 
Jinks felt himself go numb from sadness hitting him as he felt the loss of Demeter hitting him hard. 
He felt himself sad sighed and continued to read "Burke Richardson recently with Scotland’s pressuring him admitted to being behind the shooting of you and admitted being the one who pulled the trigger." 
Jinks felt himself angry reading that willed himself to calm as the letter detailed "Burke, a year after you was put in a coma, someone rigged the man’s car to blow up with Richardson inside killing the man which no one has claimed responsibility. The car explosion was suspected to be done by a Peasant a lowest member ranking of the Master Organization group as its now dubbed retaliating against Burke for what he did to you." 
He sighed as he continued to read "One of the neighborhood’s kids’ parents went to your apartment and found the door open and you lying in the hallway looking shot called the emergency services who took you to the hospital. The kids in question after pressure from Trent the town’s police chief and other police officers admitted to their parents themselves responsible for pranks done on residents in the neighborhood. They wound up admitting that they were lying about you punching them out and breaking one kid's leg with a car drive over with the Peasant group members living in the neighborhood backing them up with video evidence. The kids wound up serving detention after school for the remainder of their time at the middle school every day as punishment for their actions." 
Jinks sighed as he paused from reading then continued to read "Wethersfield High School held a memorial service for you and planted a tree in your memory which is currently thriving on the school land with a sign detailing it was planted in your memory." 
He reached the end of the letter to read it was signed "McBroom and Associates." 
Jinks sighed and folded up the letter and placed it back into the envelope which he went to the couch dresser and yanked open a drawer to see it was empty of papers but holding his familiar wallet and keys which he placed the letter inside and shut the drawer door closed. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and eyed the time seeing it was six o’clock in the morning despite the dim sunlight shining. Sighing he walked to his bedroom and put away his clothes from the suitcase feeling relieved to seeing his clothes were still in there and looked in the closet seeing the familiar dressy clothes were still in their spots. Jinks went to the dresser and pulled out some clothes and walked to the bathroom going inside to shower and then once done placed the clothes on his form. He brushed his hair and walked downstairs to the kitchen to peer into the refrigerator seeing it stocked with food which he pulled out some waffles and popped two in the toaster. He yanked out the orange juice carton and poured some in a cup. He leaned against the counter feeling himself stiff but not too stiff. He went to the living room and did his limber stretching exercises taking his time and doing it slowly while feeling his muscles relax from the stiffness hitting. He heard the toaster sound its noise went into the kitchen and grabbed the waffles munching on them then went to the TV turning it on. He flicked through the channels seeing them unfamiliar to him and continued till one showed the local news and settled on the channel. He watched TV as the TV droned its noises. 
He frowned as a news report detailing "We interrupt this broadcast with regret to announce the passing of Roosevelt Knight former governor of New York from a heart attack."
He groaned seeing the report as it detailed "There's no wake but burial at a cemetery in Wolf’s Howl, New York later in the day in the afternoon." 
Jinks after eating got up from the couch and went to the phone book looking through it. He found a national cab service dialed the number and waited as a female voice came on the line speaking the cab business’ name in a Highlander accent. 
Jinks spoke “I like to charter a cab to Wolf’s Howl, New York from Wethersfield, Connecticut as soon as possible.”
He paused hearing typing noises then the female spoke “Who is the person being transferred to the location? May I have the name please?”
He sighed and spoke “Jinks Montreal and that would be me.” 
He heard a gasp sound from the female who then spoke “We have a cab available which will head to your location soon. The meeting spot is outside the apartment complex in the road.”
He listened as she rattled off the cab’s description and its driver along with the time frame of arrival and its meeting spot then heard her ask him if he wanted anything else. 
He spoke “No thank you.” 
Jinks hung up and then shut off the TV. He jogged to his bedroom to the closet and stripped himself of his clothes leaving his underwear shorts on and placed on his form dressy clothing and dressy booted shoes while seeing a long double breasted coat made out of wool material in the color black in the closet which he looked out the window seeing some snow on the ground and figured it was cold outside. He placed on the coat and found gloves in the pockets which he put on his hands then eyed the dressers seeing one had a cowboy like black hat and sunglasses next to it which he placed on his head. Jinks walked down the stairs and went to the couch’s dresser yanking out his keys and wallet putting them in his pockets of his pants then walked out of the apartment into the cold air feeling himself a little happy breathing the fresh air. He walked to the edges of the complex that met the road at the meeting spot and stood with arms folded eyes staring at the lake that looked frozen of ice. 
He frowned thinking to himself "I wonder about Janel and the kids. I'm wondering if the children were told of me."
A car horn noise broke him of his reverie which he looked to see the cab was here with a Highlander in the driver’s seat that looked impatient. He sighed and got into the cab and felt it move driving through the streets. He looked out the window seeing parts of Wethersfield looking the same.
Jinks frowned thinking to himself "I wonder what changes hit the town since I was out in a coma." 
He continued to look out the window lost in thought as the cab drove through Connecticut and entered New York. 
He kept his eyes focused out the window seemingly lengthy and broke his reverie hearing the driver’s voice speaking in a loud tone “Almost there to Wolf’s Howl so be ready to get out of the car. I have business that requires me elsewhere so be ready.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the car drove on a dirt road and then reached the cemetery which he saw a group of people gathered on a hill frowned seeing them. The car stopped and Jinks got out of the cab at the cemetery and stood closing the cab’s door and heard it drive away. He frowned watching a group of people standing in the cold in a semi circle with their backs to him a good distance away from him. He adjusted his wide brimmed hat covering the top of his head and his sunglasses on his face covering his blue eyes with his gloved hands and joined the group to stand watching and listening. He exhaled a breath through his mouth as the priest gave the rites over a coffin with flowers on top he saw through the crowd he assumed held Roosevelt Knight’s body. Jinks frowned as the priest finished his sermon and then people gathered around started walking away followed by the priest walking in his direction. He saw a female form with white, grey and black short hair he recognized as Janel who stood with head bowed appearing to be staring at the coffin. He exhaled a breath through the cold air and walked forwards towards Janel who stood motionless from her position. Jinks saw two figures appearing to be in their early twenties, a male and a female with the male having his face and the female having Janel’s face standing away from Janel looking at her and at the crowd leaving. He recognized them with shock running through him as Lance Knight and his sister despite the name of Lizette was heard in his mind, Janel’s two children he fathered through her and slowly made his way towards Janel to stand next to her. He peered at Janel with his eyes to see her head bowed towards the coffin with eyes covered with sunglasses and her lips were in a frown and her hands gloved were clasped in front of her. Jinks sighed softly and gently laid a gloved hand on Janel’s shoulder who he sensed felt his touch from stiffening her form underneath his hand. 
He spoke “Janel.” 
Jinks heard Janel give off a gasp sound followed by her giving off crying sounds as her lips formed a grimace. He gently pulled Janel towards him to put his arms around her in a hug stroking her back as she continued to give off sounds of weeping. Jinks felt Janel’s hands touch his chest with fingers digging into his long coat as she continued to cry tears. 
He held Janel as two voices male and female sounded on his right “Mama.” 
Jinks looked to see Lance Knight and Lizette he assumed was his daughter's name, next to him who both kids held up their hands and he gently moved Janel from his arms to the kids’ hands who each gripped Janel’s arm taking her away. He silently followed them walking towards a limo watching as they got inside. 
Jinks heard an ahem noise and looked at his left to see the limo’s driver a Highlander who spoke “Get in the car.” 
He heard the firmness in the Highlander’s voice tone obeyed without question to sit inside on a seat sideways opposite from Janel and the kids. Jinks saw Janel leaning back in the seat sleeping between her children without her sunglasses on looking like she was exhausted by the dark circles underneath her closed eyes. 
He eyed Janel as Lizette spoke with confusion in her voice “You seem familiar. Have we met before?”
Jinks eyed Lizette who looked at him with a frown in her face and confusion in her eyes and he looked at Lance Knight who had an identical expression on his face and eyes. Sighing softly he reached with a gloved hand and took off the sunglasses from his face to stare at the kids who he saw had identical looks of recognition followed by reverence in their eyes. He nodded his head in a short bob towards the kids as he put away his sunglasses in an inside coat pocket. 
Lizette spoke with her face brightening showing some happiness “You came.” 
Jinks again nodded his head towards Lizette as Lance Knight spoke “Mama has been very upset with Papa dying unexpectedly, Dad.” 
He sighed softly at the word Dad seeing Lance Knight’s face looking serious with eyes showing a creepy look in them making him stiffen. Jinks watched out the window in silence as the kids didn't say a word towards him. 
He grumbled to himself mentally "Shouldn't the kids be saying something about me like questions about me and my life?"
Jinks opened his mouth to speak only to get Lizette putting a finger to her lips and jabbing it towards Janel. He sighed and placed on the sunglasses and hat and sat leaning back in silence as the limo was felt driving lengthy. Jinks eyed out the window at the signs coming into view to find the vehicle going to Albany which stopped at a hotel's entrance. He removed the sunglasses as Lance Knight waked up his mother who woke up with a start gasping loudly. He frowned as Janel’s eyes fell on him with shock in them along with the look changing to sadness. He nodded his head towards Janel who he watched put a hand covering her eyes and groaning loudly. He saw Lizette whisper words unheard in Janel’s ear with hand covering her mouth that formed a frown on her face and then nodded her head. Jinks watched Janel who appeared to be comforted by the kids putting arms around her and whispering words unheard in her ears. Jinks sat in the limo and frowned as Lance Knight showed an all black eyed look to his confusion followed by waving a hand towards his direction. He felt sleepiness willed forwards the Master to shake it off while giving Lance Knight a glare. He glared at Lance Knight only to feel a hand touching his forehead he found belonged to Lizette as he felt a compulsion to shut his eyes. He obeyed to come to finding himself sitting in a cab that was on a highway driving its route to New York City from the highway signs seen.
Jinks groaned figuring out to himself "The kids used their mental powers to get me to leave Janel to take a cab home wherever that is. I do hope I can get to Wethersfield."
He sighed leaning his head back and shut his eyes to dream of himself wearing black clothing on his form that appeared to be twin to Lance Richard's clothing while at a beach facing Lance Richard who had some annoyed look on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “About time we met again. I had no luck on contacting you while you were in your healing sleep. I observed several things about your spirit while your body was sleeping which I wasn’t able to contact. Harrumph.” 
He formed a frown on his face with confusion running through him. 
He stared at Lance who continued speaking “The things I observed with your spirit are you were visiting people in dreams and manipulating their dreams to your way. You also were inhibiting people mostly males’ bodies to do things you wanted such as doing this fighting method I heard called karate. That body inhibiting includes doing mating while in a male’s body to a female which was done too many times to count.”
Jinks frowned some more as no memory of Lance’s words came to his mind as he stared at Lance. 
He saw Lance shake his head giving off a sound of disgust before the man again spoke “All of those females you mated with in some male’s body wound up carrying a baby including some that were said to be barren wound up with child shocking them. Also there’s this obsession with you doing karate which I find really odd. I observed you inhibiting a male’s body after he tripped while at a karate tournament and competed against others nearly winning but only lost to some guy named Tan Lee.”
Jinks stiffened hearing the name Tan Lee as Lance kept on talking “I saw that while this Tan Lee was fighting the male you were in that he seemed to be aware of you inhibiting the man’s body from his thinking when he was fighting. Ugh also you visited Tan Lee in dreams repeatedly manipulating him to dream of losing fights in tournaments and that includes yourself fighting him and winning the fight despite him begging you to stop bothering him. There were cases of you inhibiting Tan Lee’s body keeping him up at a late hour at night to practice karate and that includes using whatever weapons that was on hand to keep on practicing.”
Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead feeling himself confused and bewildered as Lance paused from talking. He saw Lance’s eyes narrow turning all black with a glare aimed at him that made him feel nervous. 
Lance spoke with anger in his voice “You did this torment to Tan Lee for one Human calendar month till something I’m not sure what abruptly stopped you from doing more of the tormenting. Yet you kept up doing what you were previously doing to Tan Lee to other people including those kids who tormented you with the prank involving some kid's leg broken. A pity that those kids never had a good night’s sleep from what you were doing to them till they graduated from some school they were currently in which the torment stopped. Harrumph.”
Jinks folded his arms to smile a sick smile while looking away from Lance to stare at the water feeling satisfaction hitting him. He jerked hitting the ground onto his back from a fist connecting with his jaw and groaned from the pain. He lay on the ground on his back as a foot was placed on his chest holding him down. He looked at foot’s owner seeing it belonged to Lance himself who still had that black eyed look in his eyes with some look of fury on his face. Jinks remembered his karate raised his hands only to feel paralysis as Lance waved a hand towards him which got his hands to hit the ground as if heavy. He stared at Lance who removed his foot to bend down leaning towards him while folding his arms. 
Lance he stared at spoke “I’m disappointed in your reaction to what I told you about those kids. You should be ashamed for yourself being shot by that idiot Burke got those kids to admit what they did to you to their parents with the Peasants backing them up with recording evidence. Those kids wound up serving something called detention for the remainder of their time at the school they were currently attending as punishment.”
Jinks groaned as Lance’s foot connected with his stomach. 
He spoke “Please-“
Jinks were interrupted by Lance speaking still sounding furious “Please what? Why should I give you mercy when you should be punished? You deserve it for what you did to those poor people causing them problems and leaving a big mess for me to clean up from those stunts you pulled on them.”
Jinks opened his mouth to speak and felt a foot on his throat pressed down hard gagging him as Lance kept on talking “I have something in mind for you to be punished for that big mess you created that I had to clean up once you were done doing your stunts. Just wait till you see what it’ll be and you’ll regret your actions for creating that big mess.”
He saw Lance look away from him then bent down covering his eyes as he felt paralysis gone and came to find himself back in the cab hearing the cab's horn and driver speaking “We’re in Wethersfield now. Be ready to get out for I have business that requires me elsewhere.” 
Jinks straightened his form with confusion hitting him he wound up to look out the window seeing the town’s familiar landmarks as the cab drove through it reaching his street and stopped at the apartment complex. Jinks got out of the cab slamming the door and walked towards his apartment while hearing the cab drive away. He groaned remembering Lance’s words about punishing him with something he’ll find out. Jinks went to his apartment and pulled out his keys which he unlocked the door and once inside locked both doors then put away his wallet and keys. He went to his bedroom stripping himself out of his dressy clothes and hanging them up. He placed the hat on the dresser and eyed the clock next to the bed seeing it was early evening around six o’clock. He went to place on his form his clothes he first worn at the beginning of the day along with putting on his sneakers. Sighing he wandered downstairs to look around the apartment seeing that things were the same at closer inspection. He went to the couch and sat then turned on a lamp pulling the phone book onto his lap. He leafed through it searching for the desired page and listing for gonoid sanctuaries which he read looking at the wording very closely. He found one listing for cats reached for the phone and dialed the number listening as the phone rang several times. 
He frowned as he reached the answering machine hearing it speaking in a female voice “Last Post Cat Sanctuary. Sorry can’t reach the phone now please leave your name and number and we’ll get back to you.” 
Jinks remembering Demeter opened his mouth to speak clamped his mouth shut as it dawned to him that he didn’t know his apartment’s phone number hung up the phone with a groan. He looked at the address of the cat sanctuary seeing it was out of town and figured that it was too late to go there. 
Jinks spoke out loud “First thing in the morning I’m going to the cat sanctuary and I’m getting a cat. I just can’t wait to do that tomorrow. It’ll be great for me.” 
He nodded his head feeling a little happy with his words as sleepiness arrived hitting him and he shut off the lamp putting the phone book still open on the couch dresser next to him and leaned back against the couch shutting his eyes. 
Jinks found himself back at the beach gagged on the throat by an irate Lance who still had that black eyed look in his eyes. 
He heard Lance speak with anger in his voice “You will forget about getting a cat period. I mean it and I expect you to obey me or else.” 
Jinks gagged out “But-“
He was interrupted by Lance still using anger in his tone “No buts Jinks. Forget it or else. Just don’t do it for I mean it.” 
Jinks groaned through the gagging as Lance added “I don’t care whether you’re lonely or not for you’re not getting a cat period. I expect this order obeyed and you will do it even if I have to manipulate people in reminding you to do it.”
He opened his mouth and felt a hand covering his eyes and woke up with a jerk on the couch feeling rage running through him. He glared at the phone book and slammed it closed and then threw it at the wall which it slid down behind the arm chair. He felt himself getting angrier got up from the couch and stormed to the basement door slamming it open and ran down the stairs reaching it. He stood with shock running through him to see that instead of the padded walls and punching bag with padded floors the room appeared to be converted into a TV viewing room complete with a large couch along with closets and a wooden floor. He growled loudly as his rage became full blown allowed it to take control passing out. 
Jinks came to find himself lying in bed in his bedroom with the sunlight blaring through an open window with the shade up. He groaned eyeing the clock seeing it was nine o’clock in the morning got up from the bed and went to the window shade yanking it down. He frowned recalling himself being angry the previous night and running down to the basement only to find it was a TV viewing room before letting anger take control of him. Jinks rubbed a hand through his hair and went out of the bedroom heading towards the basement. He found the door still open flicked the switch on and frowned as darkness remained in the basement. He flicked the switch off and slowly walked down the stairs to see with night vision at the room. He grimaced seeing the contents looked destroyed as if it went through a tornado. He looked around the room seeing the walls were bare and concrete looking with items appearing to be insulation and walls scattered on the floor in pieces along with track lights that were on the ceiling lying on the floor appearing to be destroyed. He looked at the furniture seeing that they were destroyed in pieces along with closets that were in the room were no longer standing as closets with items scattered on the floor. 
Groaning he spoke out loud “Who the depths was living in this apartment while I was out sleeping?”
He recalled McBroom and Associates’ letter darted upstairs to the living room where he went to the couch dresser and yanked out the envelope and papers to scan. He found the McBroom and Associates’ phone number memorized it then placed the papers back into the envelope and stuffed it back into the couch dresser. 
He went to the phone and dialed the number waiting impatiently through the ringing as a female voice sounding Human like came on the line speaking “McBroom and Associates.”
Jinks spoke “This is Jinks Montreal of condo apartment fifty nine in the Sharon Lane apartment complex in Wethersfield.”
He paused hearing a gasp sound continued speaking “I’m calling to inquire who had ownership of the condo apartment including who lived there which I’m currently living in starting at twenty years in the past till now.” 
He frowned feeling impatient as he heard computer typing sounds clicking and felt himself getting more impatient as the clicking continued. 
He opened his mouth to speak when the female voice came on the line speaking “Ownership starting twenty years ago was by a Burke Richardson for a year that is said to live there on and off for a year’s time. Then ownership passed to McBroom and Associates through purchase just prior to Richardson’s death that currently have the ownership. There were tenants living in the apartment starting with a Shira Dario seventeen years ago which this Shira lived for three years before moving out and this person is the longest to live there. There were others on the list that is quite numerous to name who averaged lived at the apartment for three months before moving out. The last paying tenant was over a year ago named Roosevelt Knight who stopped with the payments at that time and the apartment has been unoccupied with no paying tenant until you took residence in it.”
He frowned as the female paused then continued “That’s all the records we have on the apartment. Is there anything else?”
Jinks spoke “No, but what’s the policy on pets such as having a cat?”
He recalled his dream as he waited for a reply and heard the female voice speak “There’s no policy on having any kind of pet at the apartment.”
He spoke “Thank you for your time.” 
Jinks heard the female speak “Your welcome.” 
He hung up the phone and spoke out loud eyes staring at the ceiling “I’m getting a cat period and I don’t care how but I’m getting one and I don’t give a damn that you don’t want me to have one. I still want to get a cat and I’ll do what it takes to do it so go to the depths Lance.” 
Jinks lowered his eyes to raise a fist towards the ceiling and then went to the armchair to look for the phone book he found behind it. He grabbed the phone book and went to the couch to sit opening it to the desired page. He found the cat sanctuary phone number reached for the phone only to hear it ringing its noises. 
He eyed the caller ID seeing it said “McBroom and Associates.” 
Jinks sighed and picked up the phone speaking “Hello Jinks Montreal speaking.”
He paused as a male voice sounding Highlander like came on the phone speaking “This is Lars McBroom calling to apologize for my secretary’s error regarding pets.” 
He stiffened hearing that as Lars continued to speak “With due respects there is a policy regarding pets for tenants living in the apartment you are currently occupying.” 
Jinks glared at the ceiling thinking as Lars paused “Oh this must be part of Lance’s machinations.” 
He spoke “What policy you’re implying?”
He waited hearing computer clicking noises then Lars’s voice came back on the line “The policy is that tenant must wait twelve Human calendar months to acquire a pet while living in the condo apartment.”
Jinks waved a fist towards the ceiling with anger running through him as Lars kept talking “During that time the tenant must prove readiness for occupying the condo apartment for long time use such as over a three year period and not just for a few months such as a three month period. The tenant must submit writings on all the required forms that’ll be sent in the mail for the occupying time and prove that their still having readiness for long term use.”
Jinks felt himself getting angrier heard Lars speaking “The tenant at the end of the twelve month period must submit to McBroom and Associates a form detailing their interests in having a pet and what kind of pet it’ll be including where they’ll acquire the pet which must be met for approval by the firm then they can proceed with the adoption providing its approved first.”
He growled a soft sound as Lars paused to add “I’m sorry about this Mister Montreal but this policy was set in place five years ago and is strictly enforced by the local police. Failure to heed this policy will mean the tenant will be removed from the apartment and the pet they adopted returned to where they acquired it along with a one thousand dollar fine to be paid for not heeding the policy. Is there anything else Mister Montreal?”
Jinks spoke struggling to keep anger out of his voice tone “Nothing but thank you for your time.” 
He slammed the phone down hanging it up and got up from the couch to pace while waving his arms with hands fisted. He felt himself furiously angry darted down to the basement slamming the door and with a glare aimed at the room trashed items allowed the rage to overtake him putting him out. 
Jinks came to find himself in a calm mood while lying on a mattress with a stone ceiling showing a round overhead light. He frowned seeing it looked familiar to him sat up to face familiar bars he recognized as a jail cell. Groaning he looked around to see that he was correct on being in a jail cell and recognized it as the Wethersfield Police Department’s jail cell. Groaning he went to the bars sensing electricity humming through them kept his hands to himself. 
He sighed and yelled “Hello?! Is there anybody there?! Answer me!”
Jinks heard an irate male voice sounding like it was in a jail cell next to his speaking “Do you mind? I’m trying to sleep so shut up.” 
Jinks groaned feeling annoyance running through him. He heard a bang sound that sounded like the door to the jail cell hallway opening and peered through the bars to see a female Asian appearing to be Human with Human like ears stuck out with blonde hair styled Highlander's style of pulled back partially while dressed in a police uniform walk into view. 
He heard the irate male voice speak “Trent tell that buffoon to shut up I’m trying to sleep.” 
Jinks frowned at the name Trent stared at the female who stared at him with a narrowed eyed look when she reached his jail cell. He stiffened seeing that she seemed familiar to him like he knew her someplace. 
Jinks spoke “Excuse me what am I doing in here?” 
He saw the female roll her eyes and raise her hands which he saw were covered in wire like gloves moving them in gestures he recognized as sign language while hearing an electronic female voice sounding “You don’t remember? I’m surprised that you don’t remember.”
Jinks frowned staring at the female as the memory of a female high school student named Cassidy came to his mind. 
He spoke with confusion in his voice “Wouldn’t you be Cassidy Holmes the police chief’s daughter?”
He frowned as he saw her eyes widen then narrow boring at him which told him he guess her identity corrects. 
He stared at her as she signed “Your right I’m Cassidy Holmes. I recognized you as Jinks Montreal from high school. I’m surprised that you’re looking the same as twenty years ago. As for my father he retired five years ago and my stepbrother Stanley Brown has taken the chief position.”
Jinks spoke “Oh interesting but what am I doing in this cell anyway?”
He saw a frown appear on Cassidy’s face who signed “While on patrol near your neighborhood I received a call detailing that some guy was trashing a car with people locked inside it. I went to investigate with my stepbrother Steven Brown which arriving there we found you attacking a sedan with an adult female and four kids inside it. You appeared to be sick with something suspiciously like drugs from the angry gonoid behavior you were displaying while attacking the car with those people inside. Also we had to knock you out by Taser gun which was slow to put you out. Now according to the adult female one of the kids’ parents she complained to us that you sprayed the kids with some water hose and she went to your apartment to confront you on that. For some reason you answered the door irately in a bad mood and acted like you were high on drugs in her presence which she and the kids hightailed out of there with you giving chase. They took refuge in her car which you attacked and kept on doing it till I and Steven arrived.”
Jinks frowned as Cassidy added "Get yourself out of here now. Tests show you're clean of drugs and alcohol so I'll show you the way out."
He obeyed to follow her out and got told once in the parking lot "Take a walk to your home. You seemed to need the walk from being furiously angry."
He sighed and didn't protest to Cassidy's talk walked to his home. He found himself having to use the Master to open the doors to his apartment despite feeling himself filmed doing it. He looked around and spotted a camera dome in the porch's ceiling he groaned softly seeing it. 
Jinks without a word went inside the apartment to go to the bedroom he thinking to himself "I might as well go take a nap."
He went to the bed and laid down shutting his eyes only to find Lance gagging him on the throat speaking while having the Master in control "Wake up Jinks!"
Jinks woke up with a start to find that Lance gagging him was a dream. 
He shrugged and fell back asleep only to dream of Lance snarling "I meant it when you should get up now! Go attend to your hygiene and eat some food while you're at it!"
Jinks groaned once he woke up to sigh while figuring to himself "Fine I'll do what you order me."
He felt the need to shower hitting him. Jinks went out of the bedroom to the bathroom and then once done walked out in the buff to his bedroom which he found some clothes in drawers putting them on his form. He went downstairs to the kitchen and took a look in the refrigerator seeing it filled with food and seeing that there was food he didn’t buy included. He spotted some food boxes sitting on top of the refrigerator and peered into the cupboards to spot some full of food. He pulled out some food and made a quick meal of breakfast then placed the dishes in the dishwasher seeing it empty of dishes. Jinks wandered to the living room to turn on the TV to the local news channel. He listened to the broadcast talking about the rainstorm happening three days ago and figured that he was out contained in jail that long. 
He heard paying attention to the TV them detailing "The weather is perfect for the football game between Wethersfield and Glastonbury dubbed Titan game happening in the afternoon. An internet website is taping the game along with a local cable channel."
He clicked the TV to a TV guide channel to discover that he had the channel clicked the TV to the channel to see them doing a rebroadcast of the local news report talking about the two high schools hugely popular in the state for having a rivalry involving their football teams. He snapped off the TV to check the time seeing that he had a few hours to kill which he got up and went to the basement. He did his stretching exercises with restraint listening to his body’s complaints about how far he could stretch then found himself struggling to throw himself up in a Karate swing up move finding his body not leaving the floor. Jinks got up and figured to himself to practice the move along with repeated stretching which he practiced the taught karate tournament requirements as recalled fully in his mind then did his Kata finding himself a klutz in his kicking by getting off balanced several times. He recalled Kui Wang Liping his teacher of the Dragon studio where he got a black belt having a cane due to having balance problems and seeing her walk weaving drunk like despite not looking like that on her face or eyes. He figured to himself to practice the Kata along with the kicking till he eyed the clock stuck in the wall seeing it’s around noon an hour till game time which he left the basement going upstairs to the living room to sit on the couch. Jinks turned on the TV with a remote watching the broadcasters on TV talk about the upcoming game and giving flashback highlights of the previous game which Wethersfield won by a narrow margin. 
He listened to them mention "Wethersfield’s victory is the first time in years that they have won on Glastonbury’s home soil. The High Schools both have winning streaks with winning the game on their home soil against each other along with both teams equal with match ups in playoffs and title games." 
Jinks frown as he recalled himself practicing Karate in the basement along with problems related to it. He figured to himself to practice karate along with tournament requirements while watching TV which he moved the coffee table to the other side of the couch and opposite it forming a rectangle point. He moved the armchair next to the TV’s table to form a rectangle point. Jinks proceeded to practice his Kata, kicking and tournament requirements during the TV pregame broadcast along with his attempts to swing up from lying on his back despite struggling with that. He heard the doorbell ring near game time went to the door peering through the peephole to spot a delivery guy with a friendly look on the man’s face. He opened the door frowning to see relief on the guy’s face that held up a square box and a clipboard asking him for his signature. He opened the screen door and took the clipboard seeing it was a computer clipboard and used the pen device to sign his name finding the screen making a computer ink version of his name. He was then handed the package which he went inside locking both doors behind him. He went to the living room to sit on the couch and ripped open the package to discover it’s a yellow box with a picture of a black cell phone on it looking like a cell phone. Jinks opened the box to find a black colored cell phone which he examined. He found a plug in device with an instruction booklet, a cell phone clip holder and a note on the booklet saying what the cell phone’s own phone number is which he committed to memory. He read the booklet while glancing up to watch the game from time to time till he read the entire booklet. He used what he read to fix up the cell phone and recalled a phone number he figured belonged to Lizette as if compelled which he put in it along with the number for the national cab service then remembered the McBroom and Associates’ phone number which he put in. He figured to himself to set in the cell phone’s own number in case he forget it and wonders what his landline phone number is dialed his cell phone’s number on his landline recalling the cell phone having caller ID on it. He waited as the cell phone went off to look at the screen to see a number while hearing his breathing on the cell phone from breathing into the landline phone. With a sigh he hung up his landline and memorized the phone number on his cell phone which he put it in and then looked up to watch the game some more feeling himself satisfied having a cell phone. Jinks watched as Wethersfield won by a narrow margin which made him feel pride seeing that. He hooked on the cell phone and got up by impulse to head to the kitchen closet to peer inside. He saw to his disgust the garbage can was looking a bit overfilled with garbage in it and groaned figuring out that his maids that brought the food caused the mess. He sighed and yanked out the garbage by a bag and went to the front door which he got his key and pocketed it figuring that he’ll take a walk around the neighborhood. Jinks went to the garbage dumpster and dumped the garbage. He heard a loud whining sound behind him spun around to see a German Shepherd Dog appearing to be a male with leash dangling from the collar behind him. He stared at the dog that made motions to follow him while still whining some sad tone. He obeyed following the dog till the gonoid stopped and gave a bark. He looked to see a flash of red in the snow which he darted towards it to see it was a young boy curled up in a ball form still. Jinks squatted putting a hand on the boy’s neck feeling for a pulse which he found one then frowned noticing the boy appeared to be sweaty by the hair plastered to his face. He lifted up the boy and glared at the dog while gesturing with his head. Jinks saw the dog appeared to get his message took the lead which he followed to an apartment. He saw a young woman standing on the porch looking upset that grabbed the door and yanked it open seeing him. 
Jinks went to her and heard her speak “Take Track to the bedroom on the left please.” 
He heard her voice and accent that told him that she was deaf obeyed bringing the boy inside the apartment up the stairs to the bedroom on the left which he found the door open and laid the boy on the bed. He stepped back to see that the woman had followed him along with the dog that was still whining. 
Jinks heard her speak “Please take Trip the dog out so he can attend to his bathroom business while I attend to my son.”
He found himself obeying picking up the dog Trip’s leash and felt the dog lead him to the door which he opened walking out. He didn’t protest as Trip led him to a tree and proceeded to do his business on it. He kept his mouth shut as Trip stopped whining proceeded to pull him to back to the apartment which the dog pawed the door. He yanked it open and followed Trip inside which he noticed on the wall were dog leashes hanging off hooks which he clipped off the leash off the dog’s collar then followed him up the stairs to the bedroom. Jinks paused to see the woman had stripped the kid named Track’s he assumed clothes leaving his underwear on and was rubbing a washcloth on his forehead. He saw a lamp on next to the bed on a bed stand and looked on the wall on his left to see a light switch pointed on the on position which he flicked to see the lamp blink on and off. Jinks waited as the woman looked at him eyes appearing to stare at his face which he figured that she was a lip reader. 
He mouthed “Is there anything else I can do for you?”
He frowned as she spoke “No but thank you, Master. My name is Sarah Lyons and this is my son Track. I have a hearing impairment, Master.”
Jinks mouthed while feeling weird out to her term of Master used “I'm from apartment fifty nine. Your dog pointed out Track in the snow appearing to be asleep and that Trip led the way to your apartment.” 
He stared at Sarah who spoke “Thank you again, Master. There’s nothing more you can do for me or Track. You can leave now.” 
He nodded his head finding himself agreeing to her request turned and walked down the stairs to the front door which he shut behind him. He walked to his apartment and coming into view of it paused to see three people two males and one female all wearing clothes that he saw with recognition abruptly was Master Organization wear. He found the female was wearing a dress twin to Sarah Lyons' dress to his annoyance this time in color sky blue. Jinks figured Sarah's term of Master was related to the Master Organization living the neighborhood with him and seeing him as their Deity Lord, Lance Richard. He glared at the three people that were standing on the porch not noticing him. Jinks saw the males were dressed in twin black pants with loose turtleneck tops with a grey stripe through the front. He felt himself nervous seeing they willed himself to calm walking towards them to see the three look in his direction with double take looks and widen eyes. 
Jinks frowned as he reached them and spoke “Is there something you want for standing on my porch?”
He saw the three look at each other before they walked off the porch steps walking passed him without answering his question. He groaned finding himself relieved went inside the apartment using his key to unlock the door and locked both doors behind him. He sighed and went to the couch to sit staring at the wall letting his thoughts wander till night vision flared in his eyes sight. Jinks got up and went up the stairs going into the bathroom to shower then once done bring his clothes to the laundry machine in the closet then in the buff went to his bedroom to grab his sweat pants which he put on his form. He got into bed and laid his form down pulling the blankets up to his chest and shut his eyes falling asleep.
Jinks woke up hearing the doorbell ringing its noises. He groaned and eyed the clock seeing the time was six o'clock in the morning. Groaning he got up and darted down the stairs as the doorbell again rang its noises. He peered through the peephole to see the familiar woman, not Sarah Lyons, still wearing a dress that was shapeless and blue colored was standing on his porch with a frown on her face. He opened the door its chain lock length and peered through staring at the woman. 
He spoke in a cranky voice “Something I can do for you and it better be good for waking me up at this hour?”
He saw the woman frown before she spoke with nervousness in her voice tone “Sorry but the natives around here have been observed leaving their apartments for whatever around the seven o'clock morning time frame and it’s a habit they’ve kept. It was assumed you had those hours too.” 
Jinks shrugged and spoke “Sorry to disappoint you. Something you want?”
He stared at the woman who frowned before speaking “Can I come in? I want to discuss something in private and not out here in public.” 
Jinks frowned recalling Simon Idaho and him having followers flashing in his mind and then spoke “Just one question. You believe in this Master called Lance Richard?”
He saw the woman’s eyes widen before she spoke “Sort of.” 
His senses blared warning which he spoke “You alone or your companions are around in hiding?”
He frowned as she spoke “I’m alone.” 
Jinks stiffened as his senses blared warning telling him she spoke a lie. 
He heard his phone shrilling loudly spoke “Excuse me phone’s ringing have to answer it.” 
He slammed the door shut and went to the living room grabbing the phone and brought it to his ear speaking “Jinks Montreal.” 
He heard a voice on it speak “Its Lance Knight. I signed you up for a tournament happening today starting at ten in the morning. It’s in Revere, Massachusetts in the town’s high school gym with the same name as the town. Be there before ten o'clock or they won’t let you compete. You’re to do forms and fighting and that’s it. Oh you’re to receive a package in the mail happening soon.” 
He opened his mouth to speak and heard the dial tone in his ear telling him that his son had hung up. Groaning he heard a doorbell ringing sound went to the door peering through the peephole to see no one there. He backed up and held up a hand bowing his head shutting his eyes and saw an overhead view of the porch showing a large tan rectangular package sitting on his porch in front of his door and no one in sight. Groaning he lowered his hand rising up his head opening his eyes and went to the door unlocking it then yanked it open. He unlocked the screen door and yanked it open to sense himself filmed which he looked up to see above him was on the ceiling a light that made him think it was partly a camera from his senses blaring warning. Groaning again he lifted up the package and hauled it inside then went back to his screen door locking it then locked the front door behind it. He grabbed the package and hauled it into the living room and proceeded to rip it open discovering a large duffle bag in the color black with an attached water bottle holder holding a red water bottle and the bag felt heavy to him like there was something inside it. He pulled open the duffle back to peer inside seeing that there were objects inside he recognized as pads for fighting along with a karate uniform in white and a white belt with a large tan manila envelope which he yanked out. He opened the envelope to discover a note inside along with papers that appeared to be tournament required forms. 
Jinks sighed and read the note detailing "This is what your to do was wear your karate uniform once arriving at the tournament. We have a rule not allowing competitors to change their clothes along with going to the tournament official show them the papers and have them check your name on the list and then clear you to compete." 
Jinks exhaled a breath stuffed the papers back into the envelope then into the duffle bag. He hauled the uniform out of the duffle bag and carried up to the bedroom putting it on exchanging his pajamas for the uniform then put on socks and sneakers. He went out of the bedroom to the bathroom to peer into the mirror seeing his hair needed brushing which he brushed it neatly then went downstairs to the kitchen where he made breakfast and ate it taking his time. He finished went to the phone in the living room and recalled the national cab service dialed the number. 
He frowned as a female voice sounding Highlander like answered speaking “National Cab Service. How may I help you?”
Jinks spoke “I would like to charter a cab to Revere, Massachusetts to Revere High School from Wethersfield, Connecticut and I like to arrive before ten in the morning.” 
He paused hearing typing noises and then heard the female voice speak again “To who is requesting the cab service?”
He spoke “Jinks Montreal and that is me.” 
Jinks frowned hearing a loud gasp sound coming from the female who spoke “Wait a minute while I check for available cabs and see if they can do it in the time frame you requested.” 
He heard typing noises and waited patiently hearing nothing from the female. Jinks frowned as the typing seemed lengthy with nothing heard from her. 
He continued to wait till the female came on the line speaking "We have a cab at a certain time earlier than ten o'clock I want to know if it was suitable seeing that the cab will arrive a bit before that time."
He spoke his agreement and then heard her speak “We have your address on file so the cab will be on the main road to pick you up. Just be there waiting for it at the same spot as before when you used the service.” 
He spoke “Ok will do.” 
Jinks heard nothing from the female but a goodbye comment followed by the dial tone. He hung up the phone and went to the TV checking the time seeing that he better move and be at the spot waiting for the cab. Jinks went to the closet in the hallway and grabbed his coat seeing that outside was still having snow on the ground and might be cold out. He put on the coat on along with his gloves and hat then went to the duffle bag seeing the water bottle and figured that he’ll fill it with water. He picked it up and went to the kitchen and filled it with water then capped it and placed it back on the water bottle holder attached to the duffle bag. Jinks grabbed his keys, wallet and cell phone putting the phone and wallet in a pocket in the bag then lifted the bag up and carried it out of the apartment locking the door behind him. He went to the familiar spot near a tree waiting recalling himself waiting there for a ride to Roosevelt’s funeral. He adjusted the bag to stuff his keys in the same pocket as his wallet and cell phone then zipped the pocket shut. Jinks frowned stood waiting impatiently as the cab arrive honking its horn. He got inside stuffing the duffle bag next to him and put on the seat belt. He stared out the window as the cab driver drove through the streets in Wethersfield then out of town and through Hartford and then through the rest of the state while on the highway then left Connecticut entering Massachusetts. He continued to stare out the window as the cab drove left the highway and drove passed towns and then reached a town addressed as Revere which he stared at with interests till the cab reached a building labeling it as a High School and stopped. 
He heard the driver speak “End of the road time for you to get out. I haven’t got all day. I have other business elsewhere.” 
Jinks obeyed getting out of the car hauling his duffle bag and shut the door and watched as the cab drove away. He went to the high school’s entrance seeing signs for karate tournament on it along with signs for competitors to register at the gym’s entrance. He walked fast inside following signs till he reached a line of people wearing karate uniforms holding various bags while wearing various belt colors standing near double door entrances. He joined the line and eyed the front seeing his competitors would hand papers to someone a female wearing a business suit sitting at a table that would scan it with her eyes then look at a clipboard marking it with a pen and then wave the person through entering the entrance. He frowned as the process was repeated several times till he was near the first of the line still last riffled through his duffle bag for the envelope and yanked it out pulling out the papers he was to show to the official he assumed as his turn arrived which he showed to the female who looked them over then marked the clipboard with a pen. 
He frowned as she spoke “You’re lucky you made it in time or other wise wouldn’t be able to compete.”
He nodded his head and entered the gym walking passed her to look around seeing six areas in the middle of the gym marked in rectangular shapes each with a numbers one to six by flags in a corner with three chairs each on one side of each rectangular shape. He frown seeing people not wearing karate uniforms sitting in bleachers on both sides of the gym sighed as he spotted competitors at one end of the gym stretching and practicing karate and figured that he’ll do the same. He went to the area and took off his outerwear stuffing them in the duffle bag along with his shoes and socks. He sat down and awkwardly stretched then sat crossed legged watching the scene while noticing competitors were doing double take looks aimed at him. He frowned feeling himself filmed ignored the sensation to discover the sensation won’t go away. He shrugged and noticed as he sat people with belts and karate uniforms giving him glared looks which he suspected it was from his white belt status. Jinks looked at the crowd till his eyes focused on a female sitting in the bleachers which he stiffened recognizing her as Megumi Takemoto who seemed to sense him staring at her looked in his direction with eyes appearing to be scrutiny aimed at him. Jinks exhaled a breath to recall fully from memory that Megumi was a member of the karate federation as thought by Tan Lee when he inhibited the male during a night of keeping him up to practice karate.
He frowned as he heard speaking interrupting his thought as if amplified by microphone “Will the male competitors competing in Kata forms red belt and below go to area marked number two please?”
He obeyed getting up as the announcer continued to announce belts to designated numbered areas by genders and age all with red belts and below. He went to the rectangle designated number two and patiently waited as five men joined him highest belt from red to lowest purple. He stood waiting as three males wearing karate uniforms and black belts holding devices in their hands that reminded him of large versions of a calculator arrived that gave him annoyed looks aimed in his direction before sitting down. He frowned as they he assumed were the judges pointed to the red belt and gestured to the male to compete. Jinks watched as the red belt walked forwards to the judges to stop and announce loudly his Kata form while naming it then backed up and proceeded to do karate motions ending into a karate fight pose then stood with hands fisted in front of him below his waist staring at the judges who fiddled with the devices then waved the male away. Jinks found himself competing last copied what each of the competitors did announcing his Kata to the judges then backing up to do it. He found himself not strong with his kicking despite his not very limber status but did the punching fine to his standards. He ended with a bow towards the judges then stood with hands in fists below his waist legs apart staring at the judges fiddling with the devices then waved to go back into line. He stood patiently waiting as the announcer came on announcing results of his competition finding himself placed last by the lowest score while his competitors’ scores were very high by a large margin compared to his low score. Jinks frowned hearing that watched as the competitors went to shake each others’ hand which he followed suit only to find himself snubbed by them by them refusing to shake his hand and ignoring him.
Jinks frowned thinking to himself “That’s not good sportsmanship for them to do that to me. Oh well must be my white belt again.” 
He shrugged and went to his duffle bag to place on his fighting pads while waiting for the fighting part of the tournament to arrive. Jinks sat down and watched the remainder of the tournament seeing various belts win their competition and discovered to his disgust that none of the competitors’ belts were below purple belt rank. Jinks frowned as he saw Megumi came by towards him to stand next to him. 
He didn’t comment as she leaned down and spoke “You’re fighting him.”
He saw her point to a red belt stretching on the floor showing limber like status. He kept his mouth shut as Megumi sat on the floor next to him crossed legged which he waited as he heard the announcer speaking for fighters to go to the assigned rings and fight. He patiently waited as the announcer announced the names of fighters including his name and frowned hearing besides his name were seven competitors. He shrugged it off and went to the assigned rectangular area as said by announcer to discover himself fighting a red belt that gave him a nasty look on the male’s face. Jinks shrugged and found himself easily defeating the red belt knocking the male twice to the floor and winning the fight while hearing the crowd give off gasp sounds. He figured that from the noises that they were watching him. He frowned as his opponent balked shaking hands instead walked off with a furious look on the male’s face which he went to sit down next to his bag and found Megumi still there. 
He heard Megumi speaking “Just don’t gulp water or you’ll find yourself needing to use the facilities which they won’t let you leave the gym till you’re done fighting you hear?”
He kept his mouth shut obeyed to ignore his water bottle finding himself not that thirsty and continued to watch his competitors fight each other till they were done. Jinks found himself easily defeating each of his competitors to the crowd’s gasp till he reached the title fight and discovered himself having a standoff with the red belt due to him and his opponent not able to knock each other down. 
He frowned as Megumi walked into his line of sight during a rest from fighting and she spoke loudly “We’ll settle this fight by breaking boards so get rid of your pads now.” 
Jinks found himself obeying dumping his pads in his duffle bag then went to stand waiting as Megumi stood next to a female wearing a black belt holding a wooden board. He frowned with recognition in him seeing the female was Lizette who kept a glare on her face eyes aimed at him. He wisely kept his mouth shut as Megumi ordered him and his opponent to break the boards as instructed. He found himself obeying Megumi’s instructions breaking boards finding himself failing to break them with his knees but his opponent was able to do it to the crowds’ cheer. 
Jinks after the board breaking waited as Megumi turned around and yelled “You come here and break boards now!” 
He stiffened seeing Lance Knight come into view which he watched his son break boards but like him failing to do it with his knees to the crowds’ shock by their noises. 
Jinks frowns eying Megumi who stomped towards his opponent and heard her loudly speak “You show your knees now!”
Jinks watched as his opponent looking nervous lifted up both pant legs showing metal armor covering the legs and knees areas. He stiffened hearing the crowd gave off insults aimed at his opponent. 
He heard Megumi yell “You leave now and don’t bother competing in another tournament till the federation settles this!”
Jinks watched as the red belt opponent went to his bag and picked it up and walked out of the gym room to the crowd’s taunting jeering insults aimed at the male. 
He frowned as Megumi walked up to him and spoke “You’ll have to wait and see if you’ll get anything till the federation settles this incident along with refraining from competing in other tournaments in fighting.” 
Jinks felt himself dejected hearing that wisely kept his mouth shut. He went to his bag to drink some water from his water bottle then pulled out his socks and sneakers putting them on his feet as Megumi came up to him again. 
He paused to stand up facing her as she spoke “I insist you leave now. The crowds are getting restless from them looking at you along with your competitors who keep giving you looks that don’t look friendly so get out of here. I don’t want to have a riot happen around here due to how restless things are seemingly going.”
He nodded his head and wordlessly picked up his bag slugging it over his shoulder then walked to the gym entrance hearing nothing from the crowd but sensed angry vibes from them along with being stared at. He walked out of the gym and walked out of the school into the cold which he put the bag down on the ground then pulled out his coat and put it on along with his hat and gloves. Jinks pulled out his cell phone and dialed the number for the National Cab service. He waited as a female voice came on the line sounding Highlander like but different from before. 
Jinks spoke “This is Jinks Montreal.”
He paused hearing a gasp sound continued speaking “I like to charter a cab from Revere High School in Revere, Massachusetts to my home in Wethersfield, Connecticut, immediately.”
Jinks patiently waited as he heard typing noises frowned feeling himself stared at looked around to spot several feet away was an old Asian man with a white mustache and a white beard with a cane in his left hand wearing a cowboy hat and a trench coat over black pants and black shoes staring at him with some look in his eyes that seemed familiar. He frowned noticing the male’s eyes seemed to be a range of emotions flashing in them which he stared back before hearing the female voice on the line speaking interrupting his staring which he looked away to listen to her detail that the cab will arrive at a certain time once available. 
He sighed and spoke “Fine that’ll do.” 
He heard the female spoke “Sorry but that’s based on availability.” 
He sighed and spoke “Ok bye.” 
Jinks pressed the disconnect button on the phone hanging up and folded it in half before stuffing it in his duffle bag then stood up with arms folded still sensing himself stared at by the old Asian male. He found the staring got him annoyed sighed and turned around to face the male before walking towards him seeing the man’s eyes look nervous in them. 
Jinks reached the Asian and spoke trying to be polite “Something I can do for you Sir?”
Jinks stared at the Asian who shook his head in a no gesture then he spoke “Your staring sir is beginning to make me wonder if you wanted to say something to me but haven’t got the courage to say it.” 
Jinks heard a soft groan from the Asian which the male spoke in an old raspy voice “Just curious about something after watching you compete.” 
He frowned and spoke “Well ask. I’ll see if I can answer what you want to know.” 
The Asian spoke “You seem to fight like you have a black belt but isn’t wearing one why is that?” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Actually I do have a black belt earned at seventeen but due to certain things I’m starting all over again.” 
He frowned as the Asian spoke “Interesting but who was the one that gave you the black belt?”
Jinks sighed and spoke “I’m told her name was Kui Wang Liping.”
He noticed the Asian’s eyes widen at the name which he added “She taught me karate from age ten to seventeen and I got a black belt from her. What’s with the interest in me anyway?”
Jinks frowned as the Asian spoke “Just curious from like I said watching you fight. Hmm perhaps the federation could give you the black belt instead of having you start all over again.”
He opened his mouth to speak and heard a car horn sounding behind him turned around to see a cab sitting nearby. 
Jinks spoke turning towards the Asian “Sorry cab’s here. I have to go. Perhaps we’ll talk again at another time.”
Jinks saw the Asian nod his head as he waved bye and then walked to his duffle bag lifting it up and went to the cab getting inside putting on his seat belt and shutting the door behind him. Jinks eyed the Asian to see Megumi walk up to him with a frown on her face and arms folded as the cab drove away from the high school. He sighed to stare out the window lost in thought wondering to himself why the Asian was nosy about him. He shrugged as the cab drove taking a route out of Massachusetts to Connecticut then passed towns to Wethersfield then stopped at the apartment complex and ordered out by the driver. Jinks obeyed getting out of the car hauling his duffle bag along with him and shut the cab’s car door behind him. He watched as the cab drove away going out of sight. Jinks went to his apartment to find his screen door locked blocking him from reaching his front door. With a sound of disgust hitting him he made himself calm waved a hand and waited as the screen door unlocked itself opening as the front door did the same both opening wide. He walked inside locking the screen door behind him along with the front door then dropped the duffle bag on the floor. He took out his keys, wallet and cell phone putting it in the couch dresser. He yanked off the coat, hat and gloves putting them in the closet then yanked off his shoes leaving them piled on the floor. He proceeded to take off the karate uniform and belt stuffing them in the duffle bag then clad in his underwear shorts and socks threw the bag in the hallway closet sliding shut the door. Groaning he jogged up the stairs to his bedroom and eyed the clock seeing it was four o’clock in the afternoon. Sighing he went out of the bedroom yanking off the remainder of his clothes and went into the bathroom heading to the shower feeling like he needed one. 
Jinks came out of the bathroom with nothing else on his form. He sighed and went to the closet to peer into the laundry machine to find his clothes he placed in there dried and clean which he took out and hauled it to his bedroom putting them away. He put on his sweat pants and sighed from feeling them on his form. He went back to the hallway and found his socks and underwear lying on the floor which he picked up and placed in the laundry machine then shut the laundry closet’s door. Sighing he felt himself needing to eat went downstairs to the kitchen and prepared a meal of two cheese sandwiches cooking them in the stove with a flat baking tray. Sighing his mouth watered smelling the food as he peered into the refrigerator staring at the drinks figuring to himself that he’ll have milk to drink which he pulled out the jug putting it on the counter. He looked in the cupboards finding cups which he took one out and poured himself some milk in the cup then put away the jug in the refrigerator. Jinks sighed putting the cup on the kitchen table then went to pull out a plate from the cupboard then went to the bare wall between the stove and the kitchen table to lean against waiting for his food to cook which he eyed the stove’s clock checking it for the time of cooking duration. He sighed as the stove gave up a loud beep followed by a monitor screen next to the stove’s clock flashed words saying that the food was finished cooking and it was shutting down to avoid burning the food. He sighed to peer into a drawer to find an oven mitt like glove which he put on his right hand and opened the stove hauling out the tray with the glove covered hand. He placed the food on the plate by tipping the tray to slide the food off of it then placed the tray in the sink seeing the water turn on by itself cooling the hot tray to normal Human touch temperatures. Jinks sighed then put away the oven mitt in a drawer and sat down at the table and felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up the sandwiches eating them fast leaving nothing left then gulped down the milk and once done put the dishes away in the dishwasher. He exhaled a breath as the sink’s water stopped which he figured that the tray was cool enough for touching which he found his hunch correct and examined the dish washer machine finding that the tray wouldn’t fit in it. He groaned and figured to himself that he’ll hand wash the tray which he did then left the tray in a dish drying rack next to the sink then went to the living room to sit on the couch leaning back staring at the blank TV monitor. He sighed and heard the doorbell ringing its noises which he went to the door peering through the peephole to frown seeing Janel standing there. He unlocked the door and yanked it open to stare at Janel seeing she looked tired with dark circles underneath her eyes and her eyes looked red from crying. 
Jinks sighed as Janel spoke in a baby girl's voice “Can I come in?”
He unlocked the screen door and gestured for her to come in seeing a suitcase next to her which she hauled with her inside and he locked both doors behind him. Jinks frowned to stare at Janel who dropped her suitcase and hugged him while running her hands on his back. 
He sighed to put arms around her in a hug as she mumbled “Roo.”
He heard the pleading sad tone in her voice as she kept repeating the word Roo repeatedly. 
Jinks frowned thinking to himself “Janel what’s going on with you?” 
He sighed as Janel put her hands on his front running her hands all over his upper body ignoring his arms while still mumbling the word Roo. He removed a hand off her back to bring it to her chin and raised her head up to stare at her in the eyes which hers were averted not staring at him. He frowned as Janel’s hands abruptly grabbed him by the cheeks followed by her kissing him on the lips which he kept his eyes open to stare at her closed ones as he found himself kissing her back. 
Jinks heard the phone ringing stiffened to break off the kiss and pull Janel who kept clinging to him while speaking “The phone’s ringing I have to answer it.” 
He heard Janel speak “Just let the answering machine pick it up Roo.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the word Roo which made him frown as he stared at Janel who again kissed him on the lips. 
He found himself kissing her back while thinking “What’s up with this Roo thing?”
He heard the answering machine pick up followed by a voice on it speaking “Dad, pick up the phone! There’s a problem that you need to hear about it!”
Jinks broke off the kiss and went to the phone with Janel still clinging to him by her arms wrapped around his neck. 
He picked up the phone and spoke “Jinks Montreal-“
He was interrupted by Lance Knight’s voice sounding still angry “Its Mom. She was checked into a psychiatric facility rehab place on our insisting in New York City. For some unknown reason she walked out after an hour there without receiving treatment and we can’t find her anywhere.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that feeling Janel kissing his neck with a hand running through his hair. He opened his mouth to speak and hear a dial tone in his ear sighed eyed the phone’s cradle to see Janel’s hand on it right on the shut off button. He placed the phone on the cradle and as Janel removed her hand to kiss him on the chest sucking on each of his nipples while running her hands on his muscular abs. He sighed and brought a hand to Janel’s forehead mentally ordering her to sleep and frowned when Janel kept on doing her kissing his chest as if not doing the order. Jinks groaned as Janel kept on kissing him which he jerked as her hand found his sensitive part gripping him through the pants. He groaned figuring out that she was too sexually charged to obey his sleep order hence she coming onto him. He heard the phone ring again reached a hand towards it only to feel himself knocked to kneel by Janel pushing him down after releasing his sensitive part. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Lance what will get Janel to stop doing this so I can tell the kids that she’s here? She seems mentally out of it to me.” 
He heard nothing from Lance while hearing the phone ringing its noises pushed Janel to the floor and quickly got up picking up the phone speaking his name. 
He heard Lance Knight's voice speaking sounding upset “Dad-“
He interrupted speaking while pushing Janel’s hands away from the phone and its cradle “Janel’s here and you better get over here quick due to her acting not right at the moment.” 
He heard Lance Knight speak “Ok, the personal people will be on their way. Just try to put her to sleep if you know what I mean.” 
He heard the dial tone hung up the phone and again felt Janel putting her hands all over his upper body while kissing him there sexually. Jinks groaned staring at Janel who yanked his sweatpants off of him pooling it on his feet before he could react followed by her hands touching him on the sensitive part that made him feel sexually charged. He rubbed his hands through her hair massaging her scalp as she massaged his sensitive part followed by Janel going lower trailing kisses to his navel. He heard moaning sounds and realized it was coming from him as Janel kneeled and brought her mouth to his sensitive part sucking on it making him feel more sexually aroused. He kept his hands on Janel’s head fingers massaging her scalp as she orally teased his sensitive part followed by himself shivering as she released her mouth from him and stood up to kiss him on the lips while still having hands on his sensitive part. He kissed her back on the lips deeply as he felt himself becoming more sexually charged from the charges of pleasure hitting him. He released his hold on Janel’s head breaking off the kiss to move his hands down rubbing towards her skirt lifting it up while rubbing her legs and tearing part of her underwear for access for him. He backed her up towards the couch’s dresser and forced part of her seat to sit on it while spreading her legs sensing no resistance from her as she removed her hands from his sensitive part. Jinks felt himself needing to enter Janel thrust himself inside her completely up to the hilt while rolling his eyes from feeling charges of pleasure hitting him hard. He felt Janel’s legs wrap around him in a tight grip while feeling her hands on his shoulders nails digging in his skin. Jinks stopped his eye rolling to stare at Janel’s face seeing a pleasant look on it with her eyes closed as she raised her head baring her neck. He brought his mouth to the side of Janel’s neck kissing her there as he brought his hands to her hips holding her and began thrusting in and out of her while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. Jinks heard moaning sounds figured that was from both him and Janel while hearing some of the sounds sounded feminine. He thrust in rhythm till he felt himself spill inside Janel and shook from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him while sensing her doing the same. Jinks felt Janel’s hands go to the back of his neck in a locking grip while feeling her legs tighten their hold around him. He sighed to break off kissing her neck to stare at her face seeing Janel’s face had a peaceful look on it with eyes closed. 
Jinks spoke “Janel?” 
He heard nothing from Janel sensing she was lost in her mind by her still locked hold around him and facial expression remained the same. Jinks sighed and brought a hand to her forehead mentally ordering her to sleep and found his order obeyed by Janel becoming limp by her arms and legs dropping off of him. He sighed again removed himself out of Janel and lifted her up carrying her to the couch putting her form on it in a lying position. He adjusted her skirt making it look neat as he could then went to his sweatpants putting them on covering him from the waist down with his feet bare. He went to the armchair opposite from the couch and sat staring at Janel watching her sleep motionless with chest going up and down while appearing to breathe. He stared at Janel till he heard the doorbell ringing shrilling its noises got up and went to the door yanking it open to see a police officer a male along with two paramedics a male and a female with a stretcher bed standing there that looked a little bewildered seeing him wearing just sweatpants. 
Jinks spoke “Something I can do for you?” 
The police man spoke “I received a call that a female mental patient from an out of state asylum escaped to here.”
Jinks sighed and unlocked the screen door while speaking “You’ll find her passed out on the couch.” 
He stood aside as the paramedics hauled the stretcher bed went into the apartment followed by the police man which he followed behind them. He stood with arms folded watching the paramedics examine Janel before putting her on a stretcher bed tying her onto it. 
He went to Janel’s suitcase and lifted it up hauling it to the police man while speaking “This belongs to her.”
He got no comment from the police man who took the suitcase and followed the paramedics out of the apartment which he locked the doors behind them then went to the couch to sit. Sighing he recalled Lizette’s cell phone number dialed it on the phone while holding the phone to his ear. 
He waited as Lizette’s voice came on the line speaking “Lizette Knight.”
Jinks spoke “This is Jinks-“
He was interrupted by Lizette speaking sounding upset “Dad! How’s Mom doing?”
He groaned and spoke “Lizette, what I meant by your mother not acting right was she coming onto me sexually with no success of making her stop.”
He heard Lizette groan on the phone line as he continued speaking “I’m sorry. I couldn’t hold myself back wound up going along with it but she passed out once done if you know what I mean.”
He heard silence on the line frowned as he heard speaking “Dad I’m disappointed in you.” 
Jinks grimaced hearing the angry tone in his son’s voice as Lance Knight paused with silence on the line which he figured that he wanted him to speak. 
He spoke in a firm tone “Well you’ll see what I mean when you try to tell someone no when they keep on coming onto you sexually finding nothing is working.” 
He heard nothing from Lance Knight but the dial tone hung up the phone and then heard it ring again which he checked the caller ID seeing Lizette’s name on it. 
Jinks lifted up the phone speaking “Jinks Montreal.” 
He heard Lizette’s voice speaking in a lower voice tone “Yeah its Lizette. I know what you’re talking about involving telling people off when they come onto you sexually. My brother wound with that happening to him at age sixteen with his high school girlfriend Niamah Shea who wound up expecting his son given the name of Patrick Roosevelt Knight. He wound up marrying her at Papa’s insisting a month after Patrick was born. He’s still married to her and he’s not complaining about that. Also Niamah wound up having his daughter Maeve Dublin Knight after he graduated from High School two years later. She had his third child a boy named Sean Ireland Knight a year later after that graduation.”
He heard her pause to clear her throat followed by speaking “Oh one more thing check your Ancient Earth history there was an island nation named Ireland is where Niamah’s family came from traveling to the USA to New York City just to attend some New Year’s Eve event hence the middle names of Dublin a city in Ireland and Ireland given to Maeve and Sean.”
He spoke as Lizette paused “What’s up with you and Lance wearing karate uniforms at the tournament I went to?”
He frowned as Lizette spoke “My brother likes doing karate and competing which the feeling is shared with me. The tournament placing in the fighting ranks depending on where he or I places in tournaments gives us money awards which help to contribute to our family’s lifestyle. That’s due to Papa left specific instructions that we were to receive a monthly stipend about a five hundred dollars a month till we’re both age thirty five then the money he left for us reportedly in the millions, to use freely as we want.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Lizette paused then he spoke “Just curious who’s money am I using to pay for my lifestyle anyway?”
He heard a throat clearing noise sound from her followed by her voice speaking “Dad your pretty well off yourself from some of the Master Organization members very richly in money allotting some of their money a very generous amount, a month to a fund set for you, which they were using to pay the Zesky hospital to keep you there while you were asleep. Those members are still contributing to the fund to help pay for you to buy food, get transportation and taking karate classes while paying fees for you to enter tournaments.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Lizette’s words as Lizette kept talking “Oh I should add that those members are all over the Master Organization from the Table members as the highest group member to the Peasant group the lowest group and some not so rich are contributing money to the fund due to hearing about it.”
Jinks frowned willing himself to calm as Lizette stopped talking. 
He spoke “Ok that clears some things up. So you got someone special in mind as a mate?”
He heard Lizette give off a gasp before she spoke “Dad very funny asking me that question. Well to answer it there’s someone named Jayden Kyushu Junior but he’s in the public eye due to his father holding public office in the government as a Senator of New York for a lengthy time period unchallenged. Our relationship have progressed enough to go public with it which we did recently at some fund raiser for a charity for kids to compete in tournaments and not have their families pay for it. Jayden’s fine with me having some odd abilities and he’s aware of you and seems ok with that. Hold on a minute please.”
He frowned as he heard Lizette’s voice loudly speaking “Lanny, I’m on the phone talking to Dad subject about my boyfriend. He asked and I’m telling him about Jayden.”
He frowned as he heard nothing but silence followed by Lizette’s voice loudly speaking “It’s your business if you want to have a relationship with Dad or not so keep your feelings out of my affairs and let me decide for myself about him get it?”
Jinks heard nothing but silence followed by Lizette’s voice again speaking lower voice tone “Ugh. Lanny is still a little miffed about what Papa told him about you being dead and out of his life. He’s still smarting from that hence his attitude towards you and Papa. I got to warn you that he agrees with Papa that you shouldn’t have a relationship with Mom and will do what it takes to keep Mom away from you.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Lizette kept talking “Lanny doesn’t mind that you’re focusing your life onto karate and to compete in tournaments. He’s got a list of tournaments for you to compete in for belts once the federation clears you. Personally I’m hoping that the federation would restore your black belt status so you can give Lanny a challenge when it comes to fighting in tournaments.” 
He frowned as Lizette continued speaking “Papa made no secret of you taking karate from age ten to seventeen and earning a black belt which he used you as an example in having Lanny and I take karate and compete in tournaments.”
Jinks frowned further forming it on his lips as Lizette kept talking “Karate was the only thing Papa was honest about when mentioning you other than you being declared dead to us via him saying it. Oh sorry I have to go. It’s time for dinner now will call you later again.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and eyed the TV’s clock seeing it blared five fifteen in the afternoon. Sighing he leaned back against the couch and stared at the TV till he felt sleepiness shut his eyes. 
Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who had a big frown on his face. 
Lance spoke “Jinks, you recall yourself being filmed while at the tournament?”
He spoke “Yes the feeling stayed with me the whole time I competed.” 
He stared at Lance who gave up a harrumph before speaking “Jinks, I recall telling you about a Table member having some obsession with you.”
He nodded his head as the memory of that came to his mind abruptly as Lance added “That Table member was at the tournament and set up some people to film you competing.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Lance kept talking “This person is aware of you getting a black belt at age seventeen. The Table member in question was having you filmed to send the recording to the Karate federation with info on you having a black belt awarded at seventeen. This is to get them to consider awarding you a black belt and not have you started all over again through the belts.” 
Jinks groaned hearing that as Lance continued talking “I should tell you that Tan Lee was at the tournament watching you.” 
He felt himself stiffening as Lance nodded his head followed by speaking “Tan Lee for some reason has a personal interest in you. He’s aware of you having a black belt awarded at age seventeen from other sources telling him that such as the deceased Kui Wang Liping that was his mate friend or whatever she's referred."
Jinks stiffened hearing Lance's reference to Kui Wang Liping as Lance continued "It's Tan Lee who's responsible for having a local karate studio dubbed Sun Dragon sponsor you in tournaments with instructions that you were to prove yourself worthy of having a black belt and later be awarded it again instead of having to go through the belts to get it.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Lance looked away from him then forced his eyes shut. He came to hearing the phone ringing jerking his eyes open with a start. He grabbed the phone and brought it to his ear and spoke his name followed by waiting for the caller to speak. 
Jinks frowned as a voice on it spoke “Hello Jinks, about time we talked.” 
He stiffened hearing the voice sounded squeaky and electronic like to him as the voice continued speaking “I’m told that you’re aware of some things regarding what I did as a member of the Table group by the Master himself.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath figuring out that the person was the Table member, Lance was talking about having him filmed as the voice continued talking “I should tell you my reasons for what I did was, poisoning Roosevelt Knight was the traitor betrayed you. He used you to father children then sickened Burke Richardson to shoot you as a way of getting rid of you.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as the voice continued speaking “Roosevelt flaunted to the Master Organization that your son Lance Knight was the Master himself once it was apparent that he had inherited your face when he was age sixteen. A pity that Roosevelt forgot one thing about his betrayal was Janel was still loyal to you. She blabbed to a Table member, me about Roosevelt’s plans for Lance Knight along with making sure that you stay out of the way to prevent that from happening.” 
He felt himself getting tensed up hearing that as the voice kept on talking “Roosevelt I should tell you outlived his usefulness to the Master Organization with his betrayal which I wound up slipping poison in his drink enough to kill him. Oh I was there when he drank the drink and none of the Table members bothered to save him when he appeared to be in distress instead let him die in front of them.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as the voice continued speaking “I later admitted the deed after Roosevelt’s funeral which the Table members agreed with my view on him and his betrayal but didn’t agree with me poisoning him kicked me out as a result. They did give me a job of keeping an eye on you and making sure that your kept alive with whatever resources available.” 
He heard the voice paused as his eye fell on the caller ID to see the name Louis Jackson blared on it. He frowned feeling himself confused seeing the name. 
He heard the voice again speak “We’ll meet again one of these days I oath that.” 
With that he heard the dial tone in his ear frowned to hang up the phone and stared at the TV’s time seeing it blared six o’clock at night with the sunlight outside being really dim from night vision flashing in his eyes. Jinks rubbed a hand on his face and got up from the couch going to the stairs. He went up them then paused in the hallway to stare at his bedroom’s doorway and the guest bedroom doorway back and forth. He groaned and went to his bedroom entering the room to turn on the light feeling like needing it. He went to an armchair sitting in a corner and sat letting his thoughts wander replaying the phone conversations with Lizette and the Table member in his mind. He stiffened as the Table member’s words talking about meeting again came to his mind. He cocked his head as he realized with a start that he had already met the Table member but didn’t recognize the individual as the person on the phone. 
He frowned thinking to himself “What’s with the name of Louis Jackson when Roosevelt used that name? Makes me think my children are using that name but I doubt that they would do the poisoning unless they did? I don’t think I know them very well enough to know what their capable about. Hmm that name was on the package my son told me he sent while on the phone with him.”
He paused to get up and pace walking back and forth with arms folded as he again thought to himself “It might explain why Lance not my son is being secretive about whom that Table member is. He knows it’s possibly my children that did the poisoning.” 
He frowned to think to himself “I don’t know if that Table member is really my children Lance and Lizette themselves. I ought to ask Scotland as far as I know of was in existence before Lizette was born and when my son was a baby hmm. I doubt that my children did this so it’s got to be someone else. Argh I despise having a mystery to solve due to people not being honest with me such as Lance hiding that fact from me and that Table member hiding their voice from me. Harrumph.”
He felt himself tensed up sighed and sat down on the floor and did his stretching exercises while feeling for his body’s pain complaints due to him not very limber which he found that he needed more work on getting himself limber again. Jinks exhaled a breath finding himself relaxing from the stretching and less tensed up which he got up and went to the armchair and sat staring at the books in the bookcase next to it. He cocked his head to read the titles in his line of sight finding none of them interesting to him enough to read the books. 
Jinks thought to himself “Argh! How come I’m not a bookaholic?! If I was interested in reading books I would be reading the books in the bookcase just to pass the time till I felt tired enough to sleep. Harrumph. I can’t believe Mom didn’t pass on the love of reading books to me. I would have enjoyed having something to do out of boredom like I’m feeling at the moment.” 
He paused hearing the doorbell ringing its noises loudly in the apartment sighed and got up from the armchair and darted out of the bedroom running down the stairs. He went to the door and turned on the porch light then peered through the peephole to frown seeing no one there. Jinks backed up lowering his head shutting his eyes and raising a hand. He saw an overhead view of the porch showing nothing in view on it. He raised his head opening his eyes and lowered his hand feeling disgust come to him till an image of his mailbox flashed in his mind. Jinks unlocked the door yanking it open to peer through the screen door seeing nothing amiss which he unlocked to step out and felt himself filmed. He looked at his mail box checking it to see nothing inside it and felt his disgust become full blown froze to stare in the darkness looking behind him was a small red dot light. He stiffened as he realized it was a camera aimed at him from sensing himself filmed quickly walked inside locking the screen door and with a hand shut off the porch light. He peered through the screen door with night vision to see two figures a male holding a device in his hand and a female standing in front of another apartment too many feet away from his apartment wearing clothes that were twin to the cult members as a third a male joined them from jogging into view. He eyed the three with recognition within him seeing that they appeared to be the ones that were on his porch steps the other day. Jinks frowned as the filming stopped followed by the three walking out of sight behind an apartment building. He felt himself getting annoyed backed up and shut the front door locking it then darted up the stairs to his bedroom which once reaching there he shut off the light by the switch then with night vision flaring in his eyes sight he went to the armchair and sat. 
He thought to himself “What’s going on with those cult members anyway?”
Jinks frowned as he recalled the female visiting him and lying about being alone come to his mind. He exhaled a breath and felt sleepiness sighed and eyed his bed which he went to it and flopped down on it on his stomach and pumped the pillow with his hands. 
Jinks shut his eyes falling asleep to dream of himself facing Lance who had an angry look on his face with eyes narrowed in a glare.
Jinks stiffened as Lance spoke “I assure you of one thing, your children have nothing to do with Roosevelt’s death involved with poisoning get it?”
He nodded his head as Lance continued talking “The reason why I’m not telling you about the Table member’s identity because of you possessing the individual while you were in your healing sleep and causing havoc among the Table group due to Roosevelt who was flaunting your son as a vessel of me.”
Jinks groaned hearing that as Lance kept talking “Roosevelt was also telling lies about you to your son who you possessing the Table member kept disputing them as lies to the progeny repeatedly over and over. This is the cause of havoc among the Table members who heard this fuss said by Roosevelt to your son and this Table member saying that it was lies and disputing them. The Table members in response were secretly debating on what to do with Roosevelt and this Table member’s argument on your son.”
Jinks groaned some more as Lance kept talking “They have already decided to kick out Roosevelt and do the same to the Table member whom they were going to announce that to him and this individual at a meeting so soon after the hospital said that you were healed up. Unfortunately this Table member wound up poisoning Roosevelt on their own decision which the Table members didn’t do anything to help save the man due to someone else aware of the poisoning compelled ordered them not to do anything. This person who ordered the Table members is responsible for having them kick out the Table member and taking the individual’s place as a Table member.” 
He frowned hearing that as Lance continued talking “Also this person who took the Table member’s place has a very strong interest in you as in keeping you alive and making sure that you’re the one who’s declared a vessel of me and not your son by having the progeny indicated to be the son of the vessel hence he having your face.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as Lance paused to form an all black eyed glare that made him nervous followed by him looking away from him and then looking back at him to force his eyes shut. 
Jinks woke up hearing the alarm blaring loudly. He eyed the clock with a frown to see the time of six o’clock blaring on it instead of his set time of eight o’clock on it. He groaned and rolled over on his back rubbing a hand on his forehead then shut his eyes figuring to himself that he’ll sleep some more. 
Jinks jerked his eyes open feeling a hand gagging him on the throat followed by Lance’s angry black eyed face came into view yelling “Get up!”
The scene went black as Jinks lurched up with eyes open putting a hand on his throat feeling himself breathing fine. He looked around the room sensing nothing amiss with night vision in his eyes. He groaned and heard the phone ringing its noises from sitting next to the alarm clock on the table. Jinks reached over grabbing the phone and stuck it to his ear speaking his name. 
He heard a voice speak “Its Lance Knight. You’ll be receiving a package that’ll require your signature so listen for the delivery guy ringing your doorbell.” 
He opened his mouth to speak when he heard the dial tone sounding in his ear. Groaned and placed the phone back on its cradle. He laid his form down on the bed and shut his eyes only to get Lance again gagging him on the throat and yelling at him to get up. Jinks opened his eyes rubbing a hand on his forehead and groaned getting up from the bed. He went to a dresser to pull out some clothes exchanging them in place of his sweatpants which he tossed to the bed. Jinks walked out of the bedroom taking the stairs going down them to the living room which he turned on the light with a light switch and then went into the kitchen figuring to himself that he might as well eat. He made a meal of cereal and milk which he ate then put the dishes in the dishwasher before walking out to the living room to sit on the couch while grabbing the remote from the couch dresser next to him. He flicked on the TV flicking channels then found a local news channel which he watched absent mildly listening to it when there was something interesting and not paying attention when there was something not interesting to him. He heard the doorbell ringing eyed the clock to see the time blared seven o’clock in the morning. Groaning he got up and went to the door peering through the peep hole seeing a male wearing some uniform standing there with a frown on his face. Jinks turned on the porch light and unlocked the door yanking it open to stare at the male through the screen door. 
The male spoke holding up a thick arm sized box and a clipboard speaking “Package delivery for you requiring your signature.” 
Jinks sighed and unlocked the screen door and signed the clipboard’s paper as indicated on the form then took the package which he went inside locking both doors behind him and shutting off the porch light. He went to the living room and sat on the couch and proceeded to rip open the package discovering a folded karate yellow belt along with a large manila envelope rolled with it. Jinks unrolled the envelope and yanked out papers discovering a form for another tournament in Warrick, Rhode Island in their elementary school happening later today along with a note saying that he was to show up before ten o'clock in the morning for the fighting portion of the tournament for his belt status. He groaned and got up from the couch stuffing the papers into the envelope and went to the closet in the hallway to haul out his duffle bag stuffing it inside. He hauled out his karate uniform and white belt then went upstairs to his bedroom. He exchanged clothes for the karate uniform then paused holding the white belt to realize that he was awarded a yellow belt which he recalled left on the couch. Jinks went to a dresser opening a drawer which he placed the white belt inside then walked out of the bedroom after shutting the drawer. He went downstairs to the closet to grab his shoes which he put on his feet then went to living room to grab the yellow belt belting it around his waist. Jinks sighed and recalled the National Cab service went to the phone and dialed the number. He heard a female Highlander voice came on the line. 
Jinks spoke “This is Jinks Montreal.”
He paused to hear a gasp sound that made him annoyed which he spoke “I like to charter a cab to McGinnis Elementary School in Warrick, Rhode Island from my home in Wethersfield, Connecticut immediately. I like to arrive there before ten o'clock in the morning with due respect.” 
He frowned as he heard typing noises followed by the female voice speaking that the cab will arrive at a time and take him and that they have his address on file and he should wait at the same spot as before. 
Jinks spoke “Fine bye.”
He hung up the phone then eyed the clock figuring that he had time to wait in his apartment went to his duffle bag to pick up his water bottle and discovered it was still filled with water which he went to the kitchen and dumped the contents in the sink. Jinks wound up hand washing the water bottle then once clean refilled it with water and carried it to his duffle bag putting it in its spot. He again eyed the clock on the TV from looking at it and figured that he’ll wait outside. He went to grab his coat which he put on then took out his keys, wallet and cell phone putting the wallet and cell phone in a pocket in the duffle bag then went out the door hauling it. He locked the door behind him and carried the duffle bag to his familiar spot next to a tree as the sunlight became brighter illuminating the area. He frowned eyes on the road watching cars driving by in fast speeds till the cab arrived honking its horn. He saw a Highlander driver sitting in the cab’s driver’s seat looking annoyed which he got inside and shut the car door behind him. He felt the cab move as he put on his seat belt which he stared out the window eyes on the scenery as the car drove through out the state then entered Rhode Island by the sign then entered Warrick town stopping by the elementary school which he got out as ordered by the driver. Jinks hauled his duffle bag to the school entering it to follow signs leading him to the registration table in front of the gymnasium. 
Jinks frowned as he handed the woman there his forms that gave him a glare and rudely spoke “I don’t have your name on the list.” 
He sighed and spoke “Mind if I watch the tournament since I can’t compete?”
He got a whatever as a response stuffed the papers back into his duffle bag and went inside towards a bleacher only to get blocked by a male wearing a black belt that blocked his efforts to walk.
Jinks spoke “Excuse me-” 
He was interrupted rudely by the black belt speaking “I insist you leave now. This tournament has no place for jerks like you.”
Jinks heard silence in the room frowned as the black belt was joined by other belts of various color that appeared to make fighting gestures towards him. 
He hoisted his bag’s straps onto his shoulder and shrugged and spoke “We’ll settle this with the federation.” 
He got no response from the black belt which he walked away out of the gym to hear applause sounding noises while in the hallway felt himself annoyed which he went out and stiffened with shock to see the familiar cab was sitting in its spot with the driver leaning against the front of the car. 
Jinks frowned as the driver seeing he spoke “Some guy told me to wait saying that you might need it so get inside for I haven’t gotten all day.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust walked to the cab and got inside slamming the door behind him. He sat in the car stewing about the rude reception he got in the school by the other belts along with the lady official saying about not having his name on the list. He continued to stew figuring out that the papers to the tournament was a joke just to get him there to be confronted by the belts and kicked out by them. He shook his head to glare out the window eyes on the scenery with a glare on his face. He felt himself furiously angry felt rage arrive within him only to feel a headache hit him that made him feel calm and no longer angry followed by the head pain leaving him. 
He sighed as the cab reached a familiar to his mind Sun Dragon, karate studio in Wethersfield's location and stopped followed by the driver speaking “End of the line get out.”
Jinks obeyed figuring out that he’ll attend karate class and use the physical exercise to get rid of his fury like feelings he might have later. 
He entered the school to see a female there at the receptionist's desk that spoke seeing him “Kui Lee as she's refers herself, wants you in her office now.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust went to Kui’s office to see the door open with her inside standing with arms folded a glare on her face. 
Jinks heard from her “Shut the door behind you now.” 
He heard the angry tone in her voice obeyed and went to sit in a chair in front of her desk as Kui remained standing. 
Kui spoke “You want to explain why your face is similar to a Karate champion named Lance Knight? Some tabloid newspaper focused in Karate has been blaring that you have some obsession towards him, had surgery to make your face identical to him and is taking karate to be like the karate champion.”
Jinks inhaled a breath and spoke “I donated my services to a man named Roosevelt Knight to have children and that I’m the father of Lance and Lizette Knight. I wound up in a twenty year frozen sleep recovering from a gunshot wound to my chest at the Zesky Hospital in New London in the state. It's why I haven't looked like I aged at all.” 
He clamped his mouth shut seeing a calculating look in Kui’s eyes who spoke “You being in a twenty year frozen sleep will have to come out along with fathering the two Knight Karate champions.” 
He nodded his head and spoke “Uh one other thing, I took karate from age ten to seventeen and got a black belt from the teacher I’m told who’s name is Kui Wang Liping.” 
He paused to see Kui’s eyes widen which he added “I think the Federation should know of this black belt status I got as a youngster and see what can be done about it.” 
He saw Kui nod her head before speaking “I’ll be sure to let them know of the black belt status and this information will come out when the time is right. So go to class now.” 
He got up from the chair and left the room closing the door behind him. He went to the locker room to stuff his outerwear, shoes and socks in a locker but left his duffle bag on a bench then left the locker room going to the classroom. 
He went inside and joined the students noticed by the Sensei a female he recalled was named Sun Lee another daughter of Tan Lee like Kui Lee. He recalled that Sun's actual last name was Zordanov married to another karate champion named Sergei Zordanov. 
Sun spoke loudly “Jinks do twenty push ups for being late. Lateness isn’t tolerated around here so do them now.” 
Jinks found himself obeying to feel a foot on his back as he did the push ups finding himself having no trouble doing them till he counted twenty then felt the foot off his back as he awkwardly got up from the matted floor. Jinks exhaled a breath as he did karate drills among the students finding another Sensei referring himself as Sergei sticking his face in his face whenever he did kicking figuring that he needs work with them. He found that Sergei left him alone whenever he did the punching figured that his punching was fine. Jinks frowned as Kui came into view towards Sun to tap her on the shoulder. He waited as Sun halted the drilling by loudly saying it and ordering the students to hold pose. He frowned watching as Kui and Sun appeared to have a whispered conversation by hands' covering their mouths followed by Sun nodding her head then both turned to face him and the students. 
He waited as Sun spoke “Form a line now near the wall.”
He obeyed finding himself at one end of the line waiting as Sun added “Students show me your Kata your doing for tournaments and starting with you.”
He frowned as she pointed to a student at the other end of the line which he watched patiently as students took their turn doing their Kata then he had his turn doing his Kata finding himself off balanced with the kicking to his frustrations. 
He finished bowed and went back in line then Sun spoke “Class dismissed for the day. Jinks stay.” 
He obeyed as the students left the room leaving him alone with Kui, Sun and Sergei standing in a row facing him. 
Jinks frowned as Kui spoke loudly “You show me the Kata that Kui Wang Liping taught you to do.”
He found himself obeying recalling the moves easily but discovering himself a klutz with the leg movements but still finding himself doing them while getting off balanced a few times till he ended with a bow. 
Jinks frowned as Sergei spoke “Here catch the Chuck.” 
He caught a familiar karate weapon he recognized and heard Kui speak “Show the weapons Kata as taught.” 
He obeyed finding himself having no trouble doing the weapon’s form but found his kicking needed work to his frustration. He again ended with a bow then stood holding the weapon in hand while eyeing Kui, Sun and Sergei standing in a row all appearing to have calculating looks in their eyes that made him nervous.
Jinks frowned as Sun spoke “The Kata form and weapon you were taught by Kui Wang Liping you’re to do it when competing in tournaments. Besides practice them both at home at first available opportunity and your movements should improve enough to do well at tournaments get it?”
He nodded his head and heard Sergei speak “Toss me that Chuck back to me.”
Jinks obeyed seeing Sergei catch it followed by Sun speak “Jinks dismissed. Go home and practice. I expect to see improvements while attending class here so go.” 
Jinks nodded his head bowed then walked out of the room to the hallway going to the locker room. He found his wallet sitting on top of his duffle bag and with disgust running through him took a look in it to find nothing missing rooted through his bag for his keys which he found still in its pocket. He found his cell phone was still inside the bag which he examined to check for the phone numbers seeing them still in it. He frowned seeing an unfamiliar phone number in it with Sun Dragon Studio labeled next to it. Sighing he yanked open the locker and pulled out his coat, shoes and socks putting them on his form over his karate uniform then hauled the duffle bag out of the locker room walking down the hallway to see the familiar lady wasn’t at her desk. Sighing again he walked out of the building walking in the direction towards his apartment complex lay. He paused in the parking lot of the grocery store to see traffic in the street going pass his street he had to cross to get to it was looking heavy and figured that he’ll use the crosswalk at an intersection which he walked to it. He pressed the button for walk and stood eyes on the crosswalk monitor waiting as the signal for walk flashed followed by honking of car horns sounding very loudly. He sighed and walked across the street on the crosswalk while hearing car horns sounding in an angry tone to him. He reached the other side of the street and took the sidewalk to his street see traffic was still congested indicating an accident on a main street. Jinks sighed as he walked on the sidewalk on his street passed apartment complexes till he reached his home apartment complex and traveled to his apartment halting his walk to see a tan package sitting on the porch. He went to the porch to put a hand on his screen door and felt irritated feeling it again locked while sensing the familiar filming sensation. Jinks growled of annoyance willed himself to calm and waved a hand seeing both doors unlock themselves opening wide. He tossed inside his duffle bag and lifted up the package seeing it was large square but on the thin side. He went inside and locked both doors behind him then went to the living room to dump the package onto the couch. He sighed as he went to the hallway and stripped himself of his coat and shoes and karate uniform. He put the uniform and belt in the duffle bag then stuffed it in the closet along with his shoes and coat. Jinks darted up the stairs to his bedroom to find his clothes were still on the floor from being left there in the morning. He put them on and then went out of the bedroom to down the stairs heading to the living room which he picked up the package to scrutiny it. He saw the name Louis Jackson as sender with a familiar New York City address and sighed. He ripped open the package to find inside was a Chuck weapon wrapped in plastic while in a folded position along with a framed paper in a picture frame. He stared at the framed paper to read to his shock that it was the one he got from Kui Wang Liping when he was awarded his black belt from seeing the paper’s date and oldness look to it. He held up the picture frame and spied the wall above the couch to see a nail sticking out of it which he figured he’ll hang it there. Jinks hung the picture frame seeing that the nail held it up on the wall then stepped back to stare at it. He sighed and felt himself hungry went into the kitchen to peer into the refrigerator figuring out what to eat. He found a packaged prepared meal in the fridge which he yanked out and eyed the microwave oven sitting above the stove which he figured he’ll use to cook the food. Jinks sighed as the microwave oven cooked his food then with a loud ding sound he took it out putting it on the table on a place mat then grabbed a fork from the drawer then proceeded to gobble up the food leaving none left. Sighing he threw the tray in the garbage in the closet then yanked open the refrigerator to take out the milk jug and brought it to his lips gulping down some milk finding himself very thirsty. 
He sighed once done and stared at the jug with annoyance thinking to himself “Why couldn’t I use a cup? Harrumph. I had to drink out of that. Oh well.”
Jinks placed the jug back into the refrigerator then went into the living room to see the time blared three o’clock in the afternoon. Jinks sighed and grabbed the Chuck weapon tearing off the plastic and tossing the plastic wrapper in the garbage bin in the kitchen’s closet. He placed the Chuck weapon on a couch dresser figuring he’ll practice it at another time. He sighed feeling himself too tired to do Karate figured that he’ll stretch which he sat on the floor and stretched forcing himself to go a bit beyond his body’s limit. He figured that it’ll help train his body to become limber again if he did the beyond the limit stretching everyday. Jinks sighed feeling himself better from stretching went to the couch and sat leaning back only to feel sleepiness which he shut his eyes leaning his head back. Only to open them when he heard the sound of a phone ringing next to him as night vision blared in his eyes sight. He picked up the phone while eyeing the caller ID to see Louis Jackson’s name on it. He spoke his name then paused waiting for a response. 
He heard the familiar squeaky electronic voice speak “I don’t find it amusing it that you let yourself get bullied out of a tournament by people.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing that as the voice continued speaking “You’re a black belt holder. You should be able to knock them down in a fight to teach them lessons that appearances are deceiving such as that you’re not really a beginner in karate despite looking like one.”
Jinks exhaled another breath as the voice kept talking “Next time they pull this stunt on you teach them a lesson get it?”
He heard silence on the line spoke with a groaning tone “Fine I’ll see what I can do next time.” 
Jinks heard a dial tone as his answer eyed the caller ID to see the phone number wasn’t on it as he hung up. He stared at the TV seeing that the time was seven o’clock in the evening. He got up and went upstairs and stripped his clothes putting them in the laundry machine then went into the bathroom to shower. 
Jinks came out in the buff going into his bedroom to find his sweatpants were still on the bed as he left them. He grabbed them and yanked them on and then got into bed lying on his side yanking the blankets over his head. Jinks recalling the alarm’s six o’clock time sat up and reached with a hand to adjust the alarm clock setting the time to eight o’clock in the morning. He sighed finding himself satisfied with that laid down on his side and threw the blankets over his head and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises yanked the blanket off of him to glare at the time and frowned seeing it said six o’clock in the morning. He groaned and threw the blanket back over his head and shut his eyes. He jerked his eyes open feeling a hand gagging him on the throat followed by Lance’s face coming into view with an all black eyed glare yelling at him to get up followed by the scene going black. Jinks jerked his eyes open yanking off the blanket to glare at the clock seeing it was five minutes passed six o’clock. 
With a growl he spoke “Screw you Lance, I need my sleep.” 
He laid his form down and shut his eyes only to get the same thing again from Lance gagging him on the throat while yelling at him to get up followed by him waking up. 
Jinks growled an angry sound and spoke “Go to the depths!”
He shut his eyes only to feel a headache hit him opened his eyes to discover himself standing in the living room wearing his karate uniform with socks and shoes on his feet as the headache went away from him. He heard the doorbell ringing its noises groaned and went to the door yanking it open to find no one there but figured there was something in his mailbox which his hunch was correct finding a manila envelope in it. He yanked it out and went inside shutting the doors behind him locking them. He turned on the living room light and yanked out papers to a tournament in New York City and he was required to show up before ten o'clock in the morning for registering. Groaning Jinks stuffed the papers back into the envelope and went to the phone dialing the National Cab service. He got the same gasped reaction as before from the female Highlander answering the phone after he gave his name. 
Jinks spoke “I like to charter a cab from my home in Wethersfield, Connecticut to Lilith High School in New York City and arrive there before ten o'clock in the morning.”
He waited as the female gave him the same thing as before and then he hung up the phone. Jinks sighed and went into the kitchen to eat a quick meal of cereal then went to the closet to put on his coat then grabbed his duffle bag stuffing the manila envelope in it He grabbed his keys, wallet and cell phone which he stuffed the wallet and cell phone in the bag then left the apartment locking the door behind him. He stuffed the keys in the duffle bag then went to the familiar spot to wait as the cab arrived honking its horn. He got inside and buckled his seat belt on and stared out the window seeing the sun come up as the cab drove to New York City. He didn’t comment as the cab driver reached the school parking lot and dropped him off which he went inside following the signs to the tournament and reached the table for registering. 
He frowned as he got the same rude reception as before by the woman saying "I don’t have your name on the list." when he presented the paperwork to her. 
Jinks didn’t comment ignored her by going passed her entering the gym to head to a bleacher seat while sensing himself filmed.
Only to get blocked by a male having a black belt who rudely spoke "You're to leave. You're not wanted around here." while backed up by other belt holders doing fight poses aimed at his direction near the man. 
Jinks found himself annoyed spoke a profanity comment aimed at the male with the word you included and walked around the male only to feel his arm grabbed by him. Jinks dropped his bag and proceeded to flip the male onto his back yanking his arm out of the man’s grip to see the black belt holder swing himself up with a karate move then charge at him while growling loudly. Jinks remembered his karate sparring proceeded to step aside and tripped the male who landed flat on his stomach before rolling over with a karate swing up move. Jinks frowned seeing a black belt he recognized as Lance Knight grab the male by the arm and saw his son appearing to whisper words into the man’s ear who’s face turned into a big glare before letting go of him. He didn’t comment grabbed his bag and went to a bleacher bench to sit with the bag on his feet eyes watching the tournament’s process. His eyes focused on Lance Knight seeing him as an official referee for males with red belts and below belt rank fighting part of the tournament. He frowned as his eyes focused on a red belt male wearing shorts to stiffen recognizing the man as the competitor who wore leg and knee armor from a tournament in Revere, Massachusetts. He frowned watching the male with annoyance seeing that the federation cleared him to compete and didn’t do the same to himself. Jinks felt a tap on his shoulder frowned to look and saw the familiar old Asian male sitting next to him looking at him with some annoyed look in his eyes. 
He frowned as the Asian spoke “What’s going on with you not competing?”
He sighed and spoke “Lady registering competitors said she didn’t have my name on the list despite me showing her the official papers. It’s the second time this happened to me and I’m getting annoyed at being played as like a joke.” 
Jinks frowned as the Asian spoke “You have those papers with you? I like to take a look and see what I can do to help you.” 
He exhaled a breath and leaned down rooting through his duffle bag to find two manila envelopes on the bottom of it inside. He yanked them both out and handed them to the Asian who took them to take out the paperwork and examined them. 
Jinks spoke “Didn’t catch your name sir.” 
He heard from the Asian “The name’s Lo. I know your name is Jinks Montreal so no needs to introduce yourself.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips to stare at Lo examining the papers in his hands before stuffing them back in both envelopes and handed them to him. He put them both in the duffle bag then stared at Lo. 
Lo spoke “The paperwork appears to be in legal to Karate tournament standards. I’m not sure how you acquired them due to that your name really isn’t on the list. I checked when I came in earlier.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that and spoke “I got them anonymously in the mail along with a yellow belt.” 
He frowned as Lo’s eyes narrowed before the Asian spoke “Interesting. You want to explain why your face is twin to one of the black belts I heard named Lance Knight that is currently refereeing fighters?”
Jinks groaned and leaned forwards towards Lo to lower his voice while speaking “I was in a coma and put in a twenty year frozen sleep for an unexplained medical condition. Before that happened I friend a man named Roosevelt Knight who couldn’t have children and took pity on him by donating my services which two children a male and female were the result of that.” 
He paused to see Lo’s eyes form a calculating look in them that made him nervous which he added “The children in question are Lance and his sister Lizette hence the face similarity with Lance himself.” 
Jinks straightened up his form as he saw Lo nod his head in a short bob and then the Asian spoke “I’ll tell you some rumors I heard said around among people. I heard that the federation is bewildered by you. Such as the way you fought in a tournament that indicated a black belt status despite wearing a white belt and doing a beginner like form when doing a Kata in the forms part of the tournament.”
He stiffened hearing that as Lo kept talking “The federation is also curious to know why your face is similar to Lance Knight a well known karate champion and that some tabloid has been blaring some joke of you having some fan obsession with him.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Lo paused to point a finger towards the competitors fighting before adding “That red belt you fought in a tournament caught wearing armor on his legs and knees is better known among the federation. He trains in a studio in the state of Massachusetts with a female black belt karate champion winner of forms and weapons in tournaments. The federation has three strikes and you’re out of tournaments rule hence him allowed to compete after doing the armor stunt at a tournament.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lo’s words as the Asian paused to clear his throat then continued speaking “Another rumor I heard spoken is the federation is investigating you for various things which you answered my questions about that.”
He exhaled a breath as Lo paused as the crowd around them gave up applause with cheering sounds before becoming quiet. 
Lo spoke “In my personal opinion from what I learned from you I think I would award you a black belt instead of having you going through the ranks to earn another one. It’s just my opinion anyway.”
Jinks nodded his head as Lo paused from talking to frown despite his facial hair and then added “Have you heard of a retired black belt Karate Champion named Tan Lee?”
He stiffened hearing the name to see Lo looking at him which he spoke “I met him as a teenager which we both wound up having some dispute but managed to get over our anger towards each other years later after losing touch. I haven't found out anything regarding him."
He frowned as Lo spoke "I read online the internet that he’s an undefeated black belt Karate Champion in fighting in tournaments that later retired. His daughter Sun Zordanov teaches karate in a karate studio in Connecticut and that his other daughter Kui works there as a member of the federation. He has a wife named Kui Wang Liping who's passed away divine rest her soul.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Lo's words as Lo kept talking “I'm told from a family friend of Kui Wang Liping's that she witnessed you taking down a black belt student in illegal sparring fight in a hallway of the studio back then. It's due to them trying to kick you out when you tried to sign up for karate lessons as a beginner with no connections to karate. I got the impression that the federation back then frowns on people who aren't of Asian ancestry taking karate hence their attitude towards you. Kui wound up insisting that you take lessons personally with her and her students despite not saying anything to the federation. I'm aware that the federation back then got involved in some nasty way and forced her to close her studio school and go do something else.”
Jinks got Lo paused to hear the crowd give off applause and cheering sounds followed by them becoming silent. 
Lo spoke "So what's with your beginner form anyway?"
Jinks spoke "My beginner form in Kata that’s from my body in a twenty year sleep and not keeping up karate enough to have a black belt form.” 
He frowned as Lo’s eyes formed a calculating look in them again which made him feel a little nervous. 
Lo spoke “Interesting. A piece of advice to you regarding those karate tournament forms. Next time you get them either ignore them or attend tournaments to watch if your name is again not on the list. I suggest you talk to your Sensei at the karate studio you're attending about that and listen to what the teacher says due to that their a member of the federation and they should know what their views towards you are.” 
Jinks nodded his head as the crowd gave of applause and cheering sounds very loudly which he kept his mouth shut as the crowd became silent. 
Lo spoke “The title fight is coming up soon. I suggest you watch it and see what I mean about you being like a black belt in fights.” 
Jinks again nodded his head then turned away to look around the gym room to see standing around were a crowd of belts various ranks and black standing in two groups in opposite sides of the room. He frowned as Lance Knight stood in the middle of the group inside a rectangle gesturing with both hands towards each group to come. He watched as the red belt with shorts came forwards entering the rectangle as another red belt wearing pants arrived entering the area. Jinks frowned watching them both fight attempting to knock each other off their feet. He recalled his fights to realize that the red belts’ fighting was uncoordinated, sloppy and weak compared to his sparring in a previous tournament. He continued to watch as shorts knocked his opponent down to the crowd’s loud cheering applause. Jinks frowns seeing pants get up awkwardly but continued to fight shorts and knocked him down to scattered applause among the crowd. He frowned further realizing that the crowd favored shorts by their reaction to the fighter going down. He continued to watch the fight seeing shorts knock down pants to the crowd’s thunderous applause. He sighed as Lance Knight grabbed short’s arm and lifted it up declaring him the winner. Jinks watched as pants got up and shook hands with shorts then watched as a black belt arrived carrying a two colored belt consisted of the colors of red and black and handed it to shorts who hoisted it above like a trophy and then walked away appearing to head to his bag while receiving pats on the back by fellow belt holders. Jinks exhaled a breath to feel a tap on his shoulder. 
He looked to see the hand belonged to Lo who spoke “I assume you get what I meant that you fought like a black belt compared to them?”
Jinks spoke “I get it what you mean and I can see that comparison.” 
He didn't say another word as Lo spoke "Tournament is over with. I suggest you leave before the restless natives do something nasty. They always picky onto fighters to teach them karate once the tournament is over with."
Jinks obeyed to walk outside only to feel a syringe dart attached to his neck. He looked around sensing himself filmed finding no one in sight to indicate the darting. Jinks felt himself passing out unconscious.
Jinks came to hearing a ringing sound which jerked him awake opening his eyes. He felt himself wearing his clothes and feeling irritated while in a squat position with manacles felt on his wrists hung above him. He straightened his form and with such force broke off the manacles off his wrists then turned around adjusting his clothes figuring out what the irritation feeling was. He rolled his eyes as he released the drug from his system then once done adjusted his clothes. He looked around discovering he was in a cave room that was familiar and saw the gated entrance which he went to pulling aside the gated fence. He felt déjà vu again as he traveled around in the area only to find himself having to go into the elevator which went up after he walked inside. He felt himself annoyed wondering what his son and daughter were up to. He formed a glare on his face as the elevator stopped and he walked out to meet a male Human looking old wearing a suit with a black bow tie. 
He frowned as the male spoke “I’m ordered to lead you to where you’re to go.” 
He nodded his head and wordlessly followed the male down the hallway passed double doors stuck in the walls till the man stopped at a set of double doors and knocked on it three times before opening one door and gesturing for him to go inside. Jinks obeyed going inside to grimace hearing the door slam behind him. He eyed the room’s contents to see his children sitting at a round table highlighted by a spotlight above both with black eyes and scattered Human men wearing uniforms in the room holding long guns in their hands. He glared at Lance Knight who held up a device pressing a button aimed at a direction which he looked to see a projector screen flash to show a scene he recognized himself fighting with karate against an overweight bald male. He scrutinized his karate then himself finding it was a recording happened before Lizette was born as he continued to watch himself including recalling what he did to the fighter fully in mind.
He saw the projector went blank as he shifted his eyes towards Lance Knight who spoke “You will do what I say regarding being in the Master Organization or I’ll send the recording and the fighter’s body to the authorities who’ll put you away for a long time for the killing.” 
He found his mood getting fouler as he figured "Lance Knight is using blackmail to get me to do what he wants as vessel of the Master Organization. I figured that my son will do what it takes to keep his vessel of the Master Organization status intact." 
He felt himself angry held up a hand fisting it and mentally ordered Lance Knight to choke and saw the order obeyed by his son appearing to gag by a hand grabbing his throat rubbing it while looking like he’s gasping for air by mouth movements
Jinks heard Lizette speak “Father, please spare my brother’s life.” 
He ignored her to continue choking Lance Knight only to hear Lizette’s pleading become panicky which he willed away the choking and saw his son bent down putting face on the table while gasping for air loudly. 
He folded his arms and spoke “I don’t find this stunt of you both blackmailing me amusing. I don’t want another stunt like this happening to me again or I won’t be merciful towards you both again.” 
He paused as Lance Knight raised his head which he added “I saw Roosevelt Knight as a very good friend due to donating my services to let you come to exist. I’m furious to find that Roosevelt betrayed me by speaking lies about me to my own children. I’m not happy about this and I don’t find your behavior towards me as your father acceptable. I’m fed up with the attitude and expect more from you on that period. I will see on having a relationship with your mother too." 
He glared at Lance Knight to see Lizette put a hand on her brother’s shoulder that looked at her and saw her shake her head in a no gesture and saw his son grimace from that before looking back at him. Jinks figured that something else was going on that Lizette gestured her brother to not do. 
He heard Lizette speak sounding pleading “Father please stay away from our mother as requested by our father raiser Roosevelt Knight-“
He interrupted speaking “Why should I honor Roosevelt’s wishes regarding Janel when he betrayed me and spoke lies about me to my own children instead of the truth?”
He glared at Lizette who looked opened mouth before she shut her mouth followed by her leaning back in the chair folding her arms with some frown look on her lips. 
Jinks shifted eyes towards Lance Knight who spoke sounding not sure of his words “You should just stay away from our mother period and honor that request for I’m saying it and not Roosevelt our father raiser.” 
He thought to himself as Lance Knight paused “I’m not obeying that request for I’ll do what it takes to have a relationship with Janel. I will do it to spite my son for his attitude towards me because of believing Roosevelt’s lies said about me.” 
He kept his mouth shut of his thought and spoke “Why should I honor that request with you trying to blackmail me into being a servant of yours?"
He glared at his son who appeared to be speechless by staring at him with some expression appearing to be of shock before shaking his head and forming a glare on his face. 
Lance Knight spoke “You will choose which is important to you, Janel or karate. If you chose karate I’m willing to help you with your affairs in karate including the karate federation and others in the karate world but will withdraw that help if you keep on having a relationship with my mother. I expect you to choose on that now.” 
He felt himself annoyed with hearing Lance Knight’s words found himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who spoke words he heard “He’ll take karate but I expect you both to change your attitudes towards your father or he’ll continue to pursue your mother and will use whatever means to keep the relationship including doing it behind your back.” 
He found himself back into his body and spoke “I taking karate was an ultimatum to staying away from your mother. I expect payment for that as in your attitudes changed to treat me as I expect you to treat me as your father.” 
He saw his children’s eyes widen which he added “I know what was said.” 
He pointed a finger at himself and cocked his head while still glaring at his children who appeared to get his message by them nodding their heads but still looking shocked by the expression on their faces. He continued to glare at them as he heard a door knocking sound sounding in five knocks and saw their eyes change to human looking while seeing Lance Knight gesture with a finger aimed at him and pointing to his eyes which he willed the Master away from him. Jinks turned sideways adjusting his arms to stare at the doors seeing it open followed by a familiar male figure entering the room with the door slamming behind him. He stared at shock to see the male was Lo which he figured was Tan Lee who went to the table and sat down in a chair. 
Jinks frowned as Tan Lee he assumed spoke “I got a hold of members of the karate federation’s ear and told them that I’m not amused with the jokes done on Jinks Montreal to determine his identity, karate ability and whether to award him a black belt or not despite people loudly for and against that verbalizing it.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Tan continued talking “I told off the members to think of ways to determine the identity of Jinks Montreal along with determining his karate ability and that they have the authority to decide on whether to award him a black belt or not. They can do it without people’s rude interference on the matter.”
He again kept his mouth shut as Tan kept talking “I’m annoyed that members are acting by themselves without orders from the president and told off the members to cut the behavior. President Knight, You should handle this matter due to having the authority including doing some member removal for the members not obeying your orders.”
He felt shocked hearing Tan say the words President Knight and saw the Asian’s face was aimed at Lance Knight which he figured was the karate federation’s president who didn’t look happy hearing the male’s words. 
He frowned as Lance Knight spoke “I heard things done by members by another member and that these members doing the stunts are currently seeing me as a figurehead and aren’t taking me seriously when I threatened to kick them out which they laughed at me and said that I was nothing but a figurehead who’ll do what they say.”
Jinks thought of an idea spoke “The President should just award me a black belt just to spite the members and rub the awarding in their faces along with that the president has the leadership position and can do things members can’t.” 
He frowned as he saw Tan looking at him with a frown as he heard Lance Knight speaking “Jinks Montreal, leave the room. I have to discuss something with Lo privately so get out.” 
He didn’t comment left the room gently closing the door and met the familiar bow tie male who spoke “I request you to come with me.” 
He sighed and obeyed following the male to the elevator which took them to a room he saw was a car garage and led to a sedan with a Highlander wearing a uniform next to it that opened the car door. He didn’t comment went inside the car and hunted for his seat belt putting it on as he felt the car start up followed by it driving out of the building. 
He eyed the scenery to think to himself “I wonder what’s up with my son having the President position?”
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “Roosevelt Knight just after awhile of retiring from politics took the President position of the karate federation with Tan Lee as advisor. The position has a time frame for a person to hold till they run for reelection. The time didn’t expire when Roosevelt passed away so your son took the position in his stead and that members are seeing him as a figurehead due to that he’s a karate champion and that his father raiser wasn’t a karate expert at all that have members thinking that attitude.”
He felt himself annoyed hearing that spoke “Why is Tan Lee hiding himself as someone called Lo?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “Tan Lee from what I can tell from my observations is hugely popular among the karate world due to his championship status and is still popular despite retiring from fighting in karate but he teaches students from time to time in a school hidden in New York City among people who don’t treat him as royalty in the karate world.”
Jinks spoke "Who's Louis Jackson anyway?"
Jinks frowned seeing Lance look away from him and felt his eyes forced shut which he came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder while sensing the car wasn’t in motion. He jerked open his eyes to look off his left to see the driver leaning over him straighten up his form. 
Jinks exhaled a breath as the driver spoke “We’re here at your home now so get out. I have a time frame to meet for getting back to the city.” 
He didn’t comment as the driver got out of his way as he got out of the car and walked to his apartment ignoring the noises sounding by the car behind him. He neared his apartment to pause seeing a male standing on his porch with back to him ringing the doorbell while holding a gun device behind his back. 
Jinks willed the Master through to speak “Something you want with me, Sir?”
He saw the male's form jerk followed by turning around slowly to face him then the man pointed the gun at him firing it which he felt a headache and found his left hand holding the syringe inches away from his neck as the headache went away. Jinks glared at the male whose eyes widen followed by the man taking off running which he threw the dart aimed at the male and saw him stumble seeing the syringe hit home on the male’s back followed by the man falling to the ground with form still but sensed that he was still alive. He gave up a sound of disgust went to his apartment finding the doors locked and looked in the mailbox finding nothing inside and with a growl willed himself to calm then waved a hand waiting as the doors unlocked themselves followed by them both opening which he frowned seeing a cat sitting in his hallway giving off a meow sound. Jinks eyed the cat sensing it was a female and fur patches looking like it was a calico from recalling information about cats from the cat books he read. He walked inside locking both doors and sighed to will the Master away from him while eyeing the cat who appeared to be sniffing the air by the head motions. He sighed and took the living room route to the kitchen while sensing the cat following him which he looked to see cat bowls sitting on the floor holding food and water in them separately. He sighed and took a look in the refrigerator to see it filled with food which he figured to himself that he’ll eat something before something serious hit him to prevent him from eating food again. 
He sighed again and began to pull out food thinking "I’ll make cooked cheese sandwiches recalling that it was my mother’s favorite food who would cook them from time to time along with making me eat the sandwiches despite me not interested in eating them." 
Jinks cooked the sandwiches making two of them then once done cooking gobbled them up in a fast motion then went to the refrigerator to pull out the milk carton which he brought to his lips and drank gulping down half of the carton’s contents then placed it back into the refrigerator. He exhaled a breath to leave the kitchen going to the living room and sat on the couch leaning back eyes staring at the ceiling to feel pressure on his lap which he looked down to see the cat was on his lap on her haunches and proceeded to rub her face on his chin several times before settling down on his lap tummy sitting. He sighed loudly to bring a hand to the cat’s back and heard her give off a meow sound which he figured that she didn’t want to be petted and removed his hand. He heard glass breaking sounds eyed one the windows off his right to see it looking smashed as a canister came into the apartment from it spewing smoke that made him feel sleepy while hearing the cat give off a yowl sound and get off his lap. Jinks felt himself passing out unconscious obeyed to the sensation till there was nothing. 
Jinks woke up feeling a hand shaking his shoulder while wearing oxygen like mask covering the lower half of his face blowing air into him. He jerked open his eyes hands in fists only to feel them handcuffed together while feeling a hand on one of his fisted hands in a tight hold. His eyes focused onto a cop a male having Brown as the nameplate looking annoyed while leaning over him which he discovered he was laying on some bed outside his apartment building. 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at Brown he figured was one of the twins Steven and Stanley but unsure who, who spoke “He’s awake now.” 
Jinks heard beeping noises sounding loudly along with a meow sound sounding annoyed. 
He felt Brown's hand on his fisted ones tighten its hold as he spoke voice muffled “What happened to me?”
He glared at Brown who spoke as if getting his words “Someone called saying that a man identified as Owen O’Brien was spotted holding some kind of gun turning out to be a syringe sleep weapon around the neighborhood and shooting it at people after they answer the door. He was later found unconscious with a dart in his back with your prints on the syringe but not on the gun. He’s been formally charged unlawful use of a firearm along with not having a permit to use the gun onto people. He’s currently recovering in a jail cell and will be told of this once he wakes up.”
He felt himself getting angry hearing that as Brown kept talking “We received another call of someone a male wearing a uniform of a military seen walking around the neighborhood holding various objects identified as weapons and seen breaking windows and tossing canisters into apartments which an alarm would be triggered. As for the male someone managed to knock him out and tie him to a tree and reported it.”
He felt himself getting angrier as Brown continued “The canisters were discovered to have some kind of sleep gas that would knock out a person but specialized oxygen would wake them up. Unfortunately they woke up in a bad mood and were pretty violent hence you in handcuffs Mister Montreal.” 
Jinks breathed hard through his mouth willing his mediation techniques forwards to will himself to calm as he muffled talk “How’s the cat doing?”
He heard from Brown “Oh she’s doing alright. Turns out that Owen’s her owner and that the landlord McBroom and Associates put her in your apartment due to that Mr. O’Brien was late with his rent payments and was threatening eviction. I wouldn’t be surprised with this latest stunt Mister O’Brien pulled that he’ll get thrown out of his apartment and out of this neighborhood. A pity to his kids which Owen’s ex-wife will have her wish and get full custody thanks to the latest stunt Mister O’Brien pulled around here.” 
He felt his mood become foul stiffened as he felt a headache followed by calmness arriving within him then the headache stopped. He breathed deeply through his nose with the oxygen and unclenched his hands as Brown let go of one of them. 
He spoke “Any idea why this stunt was happening?”
He heard from Brown “We have an idea but it needs checking out at the moment.” 
Jinks heard the edge in Brown’s voice tone and saw the man’s eyes dart around before focusing on him which he didn’t question the cop’s words figuring that he’ll be told later by Lance talking to him. Jinks continued to breathe through the oxygen mask through his nose as Cassidy walked into his eyes sight and placed a cat on his stomach which he recognized as the one in his apartment. He felt rumbling vibrations come from the cat and felt her tummy sit on him as he felt himself falling asleep shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing the sound of an alarm blaring in his ear. He sat up lurching to discover he was back in his bedroom and turned to glare at the clock seeing the time was seven o’clock in the morning. He felt the oxygen mask gone from his face and sighed and felt vibrations on his bed which made him look to see the cat walking on it towards him to walk onto his lap and rub his face with her face. He exhaled a breath through his mouth as the cat continued her rubbing before walking off of him jumping off the bed and he sensed her gone from the room. Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead got up from the bed and stripped himself of his shoes and went into the hallway going to the closet holding the laundry machine which he peered inside to find clothes in it that smelled like they were clean and fully washed. He sighed to take them out and put them into the bathroom on the sink counter then walked out into the hallway to strip himself of his clothes and dumped the clothing into the machine then shut the closet door. He went into the bathroom and headed towards the shower which once inside he washed himself thoroughly with soap and shampoo finding himself much better from the shower. Sighing he came out to grab a towel drying himself then went to his clothes putting them on his form after hanging up the towel on the wall rack. He left the bathroom going to his bedroom to put on his shoes and then figured that he’ll eat something which he went downstairs heading to the kitchen to find the cat sitting in front of her food bowl meowing in pleading tones. He eyed the food bowl to find it empty which he peered into cupboards to find several bags of cat food in there which he took one out seeing it was open and poured a generous amount of food in the bowl. He watched as the cat sniffed the food then began eating it. Jinks sighed to put away the bag then examined her water bowl seeing it looked low which he picked up and put underneath the faucet in the sink filling it up then placed the bowl down on the floor pad next to the cat eating her food. He again sighed then looked in the refrigerator which he settled for oatmeal cereal and took out a packet from a box on top of the refrigerator. Jinks read the directions and pulled out a bowl from the cupboard and stuffed the packet’s contents into it then poured some water into it then placed it in the microwave by the directions. He figured to himself that he’ll pour a cup full of something to drink while waiting as he looked in the refrigerator to find orange juice which he took out and poured himself a cup from the cupboard then placed the carton back into the refrigerator. Jinks put the cup down on the table then sat down listening for the microwave’s ding sound while having his back to it. He exhaled a breath to shift eyes towards the cat who continued to stuff her face full of food before running out of the room. 
He thought to himself “What does Owen call the cat anyway? Oh dear I guess I better call the Landlord and ask once I finished eating my breakfast.” 
He felt a headache when he thought his question and heard a male voice speaking “Priscilla is her name.” 
Jinks frowned as the headache stopped while hearing a roaring noise which the voice reminded him of someone but he couldn’t place it. He frowned figuring out that he’ll call the cat Priscilla as said by the voice.
Jinks thought to himself "Lance will tell me who said that name to me at a later time." 
He heard the ding of the microwave got up and took out the bowl of oatmeal and set it down on the table and sat down. He felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up large spoonfuls of oatmeal eating it all up and felt himself still hungry placed the bowl in the dishwasher finding it empty. His eye spotted a box full of cereal which he grabbed opening it and scooped up handfuls of cereal bringing it to his mouth and chew it in fast motions finding his hunger slowly going away till half the box’s contents was gone along with his hunger. He sighed to put the box back on top of the refrigerator then grabbed the cup full of orange juice and gulped it down finding himself still thirsty placed the cup in the dishwasher and yanked open the refrigerator to grab the orange juice carton and brought it to his lips gulping parts of its contents down till this thirstiness stopped. 
Jinks exhaled a breath thinking to himself “What the depths brought this hunger and thirstiness on? I think it must be due to me being knocked out repeatedly and not given anything to take in nourishment after waking up. Ugh.” 
He sighed and left the kitchen going to the living room and sat down on the floor figuring that he’ll do his stretching exercises and practice karate which he proceeded to do taking his time doing the movements feeling for any body complaints and finding nothing wrong. He continued his karate practicing his kicking movements wishing for a punching bag to practice the leg and foot movements in the karate movements. Jinks frowned as he halted his karate figuring to himself that he’ll examine the wrecked furniture downstairs and see if he could use them for kicking. Jinks went to the basement sensing nothing with a hand on the door yanked it open then walked down the stairs to pause with shock seeing the contents of the room was different from before. He stared seeing the wrecked up items were gone and in its place were padded walls along with padded floors and a punching bag hung from the ceiling. He took a quick look around the room to spot the closets that he wrecked were taken out and holding various karate weapons on a rack along with fighting gear and eyed the door that lead to outside his apartment seeing it looked like it was replaced and sturdy with three locks on it one appearing to be a deadbolt, with a peephole in the middle of it. He sighed and went to the punching bag and proceeded to do his karate movements on it recalling himself doing similar movements and seeing the thing not moving as before when he kicked it with either his legs or feet. He figured to himself that Sergei's face sticking wasn’t kidding about his kicking as he proceeded to practice the movements to hear a ringing sounding loudly which he looked around the room to spot a clock on the wall with a bell on it and it was dinging its noises. He eyed the clock to see that a large amount of time had passed and it was the top of an hour which he sighed and ignored the clock to turn towards the punching bag intending to practice more karate and frowned hearing a doorbell ringing noise. He groaned going upstairs leaving the basement shutting the door to see Priscilla sitting near the front door looking curious. He peered through the peephole to see a Highlander wearing a suit outside which he unlocked the door and stared at the male. 
The Highlander spoke “I’m a lawyer representing McBroom and Associates. I’m here on official court business regarding an Owen O’Brien who has been charged with a crime and I’m required to get statements from people around this neighborhood.” 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander continued to talk “Mind if I come in and speak to you in private business? I’m ordered to get a statement from you regarding this person I named.” 
He sighed and unlocked the screen door and stepped aside speaking “Mind the cat please.” 
He heard a sneeze sound from the Highlander who walked into his apartment which he shut both doors after the male and went to the living room to sit on the couch while staring at the male who placed a briefcase on his couch dresser. Jinks eyed the Highlander who opened the briefcase and pulled out a large boxy device aiming it at him.
He sensed himself filmed and heard the male speak "You're to speak what you know of Owen O’Brien." 
Jinks obeyed speaking "I wound up catching Owen on my porch with hand behind his back holding a gun weapon appearing to be a syringe gun. He was ringing the doorbell while back from being out of town visiting family and that the male fired his gun at me. I found myself holding the syringe which the man took off. I threw it at the man’s retreating back which hit him knocking him out and then went inside my apartment." 
He added “My cat Priscilla I’m told by a cop named Brown, originally belongs to Owen who the Landlord of his apartment McBroom and Associates took and gave to me due to him being late with rent payments and he’s facing eviction. Also I was told that he has an ex-wife who wished to have full custody of the kids and appears she’ll get her wish. I’m also told by the cop that Owen has been going around the neighborhood with a syringe gun ringing doorbells and shooting people unconscious when they come to answer the door. I heard that he’ll be charged with unlawful use of a firearm along with not having a permit to use the gun onto people from the cop.”
He paused to clear his throat then added “That’s about it I heard or know of Owen O’Brien.” 
He stared at the Highlander who appeared to be frowning and felt the filming stop as the male placed the device back into the briefcase shutting it. 
The Highlander spoke “Chances are you might be required to appear in court by the prosecutor prosecuting the case against Owen O’Brien to clarify your statements as one of the witnesses due to the crime he has been charged.”
Jinks nodded his head as the Highlander paused then added with words between sneezing “You’ll (sneeze) be hearing from (sneeze) McBroom and Associates at a later date so pay attention to your phone for messages from them (sneezing). I’ll see myself out.” 
He stood up and watched as the Highlander still sneezing away went to the door carrying the briefcase opening and closing the front door. He sighed and went to the door opening it to lock the screen door and then shut the door locking it and heard a meow sound which he felt a cat face on his ankle looked down to spot Priscilla doing it. He sighed to bend down rubbing her back and got an arched back in response. He sighed as she allowed him to pet her before running away appearing to go upstairs which he sighed and went to sit down on the couch and felt sleepiness leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare on the male’s face making him nervous. 
Lance spoke sounding angry “McBroom and Associates when it comes to crimes people charged with focuses on defending the person from the crime than prosecuting them hence the lawyer there to gain a statement from you.”
He frowned hearing that as Lance continued “Oh you should have kept your mouth shut about darting Owen unconscious because that lawyer will use it against you to possibly keep you from testifying when the prosecutor calls for you due to that you’re the only witness who’s seen Owen with the weapon. Owen in question has been wearing various disguises acting as a delivery man when he darts people unconscious.”
Jinks gave up a growl sound feeling himself annoyed hearing Lance’s words as the male continued talking ignoring his noises “Also Owen has been wearing gloves on the weapon when he fires it at people but this time he hasn’t when he fired it at you. The motive I heard is related to the Master Organization doing it to get people to obey Lance Knight as the leader and not you. This stunt was also supported by another male who used sleeping canisters to target fellow members as a lesson on viewing your son as the leader and not you.”
He growled loudly hearing that as Lance continued talking “There are various members in the organization who still view you as the leader and are slowly spreading their view onto other members. Some are hesitating on who to believe in, either you as the leader and vessel of me while believing in your son as the same.”
He felt himself angry saw Lance look off his right and forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing the doorbell ringing eyed the clock on the TV to find it was noon sighed rubbing his head and got up from the couch to go to the front door. He peered through the peephole to spot Brown and Cassidy there looking grim by the looks of their faces. 
Jinks inhaled a breath to open the door and spoke “Don’t tell me I’m in trouble with the law again.” 
He saw Brown nod his head still looking grim as the male spoke “There’s an arrest warrant for your arrest for darting Owen O’Brien unconscious with some illegal sleep drug which we know that’s from your prints found on the syringe injected in the victim. The prosecutor prosecuting the case isn’t happy about bringing up the charges due to some defense lawyer saying that he got a recorded confession of you doing it so come on out.” 
Jinks felt himself annoyed hearing that unlocked the screen door and walked out as Brown saying "My name is Steven and I have to arrest you."
He found Steven handcuffed him and heard the cop give him his Miranda rights while escorted to the cruiser and forced inside. He didn’t say a word as the cops drove the car to the police station and him taken out and brought inside to a cell which the handcuffs were taken off of him and pushed inside which he went to sit on the mattress bed leaning against the wall back on it eyes on the cell’s entrance. He sigh hearing nothing but snoring sounds coming from a cell next door him and figured that it was a drunkard sleeping off being drunk again. He exhaled a breath to continue staring at the cell doors as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who didn’t look happy. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “That Highlander lawyer has given the prosecutor an ultimatum, drop the charges against Owen O’Brien and he’ll drop going after you to keep you from testifying. The prosecutor I should tell you is a member of the Master Organization and believes in you as the leader and vessel of me. He probably will drop the charges against the both of you. Also I should add that Owen’s landlord McBroom and Associates will probably kick him out if he doesn’t pay them money he owes them by a certain date. I’m assured that he’ll get kicked out anyway and his kids given to his former wife who’ll get full custody due to a judge taking her side in the matter.”
He formed a frown on his lips as Lance continued talking “I have to warn you that chances are you’ll be awarded Priscilla by the gonoid authorities due to that Owen’s kids blabbed that their father hasn’t been taking care of her properly as in not feeding her or cleaning her litter box and picking on the cat along with treating her nasty. The vet discovered abuse evidence and alerted the authorities after Owen dumped her to them saying that she was sick with something. The Landlord is aware of you taking care of a cat before, gave her to you to take care of while they settle gonoid abuse charges against Owen.”
He spoke as Lance paused “Who’s the one that spoke to me her name?”
He saw Lance’s eyes turn all black followed by his eyes forced shut which he woke up feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. Jinks jerked opened his eyes to stare at Cassidy leaning over him. 
He heard Steven’s voice speaking “Jinks, the charges have been dropped against you and as against Owen O’Brien but he’s been charged with gonoid abuse to not treating a cat properly so get out. We’ll take you home.”
He obeyed to get up as Cassidy straightened up her form he paused to hear snoring sounds which he spoke “What drunkard, drunk again?”
He eyed Steven who nodded his head and then the cop spoke “I heard it’s from some girl breaking up with him due to that she wasn’t interested in having kids and was more interested in a career as a model and that she’s a stripper at some bar in Hartford.” 
He exhaled a breath to hear an irritated male voice yell “Will you be quiet and let me sleep?!”
He walked out of the cell following Steven with Cassidy taking the rear and was led out of the building to a cruiser which he got inside and sat in the back eyes out the window as Steven started up the car with Cassidy sitting shotgun. He watched the scenery seeing the sun was signaling mid afternoon and sighed as the car reached the apartment complex which Cassidy let him out. He went to his apartment finding the front door locked which annoyed him but took a look in the mailbox to find his keys inside which he took out and unlocked the door. Jinks locked both doors behind him and heard an excited meow sound which he saw a furry form streak towards him and felt rubbing on his ankle of a cat face along with a cat body on his right leg. He sighed feeling himself happy seeing that Priscilla missed him by her behavior and bent down to scratch her back feeling it arch underneath his hand. He sighed again as Priscilla gave up another meow and left him going up the stairs which he eyed the clock on the TV figured that he’ll go attend karate class only to walk to the phone as if compelled which he saw the answering machine light blinking of messages. Jinks pressed the play button and listened to the messages that were various talking about needing money for charities till he heard a familiar voice sounding like Lance Knight come on. 
He heard “Lance Knight here, you’ll receive a letter in the mail soon detailing what to do regarding karate. Just don’t pursue my mother period.” 
He heard the message end gave up a groan sound and then heard the phone ringing its noises picked it up speaking his name. 
He heard a female voice on the line speaking in low voice tone “Kui Lee here, Jinks don’t show up for class today. There’s some nosy tabloid reporter here talking about wanting statements from you and who else at the school. I managed to keep the reporter from entering my office but their in processes of breaking down my locked door so don’t show up. I’ll call you back when it’s ok.” 
He opened his mouth and heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone only to hear it ring again which he eyed the caller ID to see Lizette’s name on it. 
He picked it up and spoke “Jinks Montreal speaking.” 
He heard Lizette’s voice on the phone speaking “Dad, did you get my brother’s message on your answering machine?”
He spoke “Yes I did. Sorry I wasn’t available for picking up the phone.”
He frowned as Lizette spoke “I heard from various sources of what’s going on involving you. Oh my mother is having an angry fit about that. She refuses to explain why she’s upset just said that the behavior towards you and fellow members of the group wasn’t acceptable and wants them punished as an example.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Lizette paused which he heard a throat clearing noise sounding on the phone figured that she wanted him to say something. 
He spoke “Would you like me to use my vessel status to inflict punishment on those causing the trouble? I’m sure they’ll think twice to pull that stunt again.” 
He heard a gasp followed by a cough sound and heard Lizette speak sounding shocked “Ugh no you don’t have to do that, leave that to the other members to do the punishment.”
He frowned as Lizette pause which he spoke “Fine I won’t inflict punishment unless I feel like needing to do it which I’ll do it.”
He heard nothing from Lizette but her throat clearing noise as he added “Is there anything else I can do for you, Lizette?”
He waited as she spoke “Yeah. Just want to let you know that Roosevelt or Papa held the position of president of the karate federation as elected into it. He was currently serving a term when he passed away which my brother was put in his place to finish the job before an election for the position comes when the time arrives.”
He gave up a hmm mm sound as Lizette kept talking ignoring his noise “Problem is that some of the members see Lanny as a figurehead due to his youngness because most of the members are older than him. The older members have been responsible for the stunts done on you such as having a black belt picked a fight on you.”
He gave up a growl sound hearing Lizette’s words who continued talking “Lanny with the help of some people including loyal members have managed to get those renegade members in line by threatening to have them removed from their positions due to having the authority to do it as the group’s president. Those members in response have been yelled at by Tan Lee at a group meeting and humiliated by him finding their actions towards you shameful which he is said to tell those members to think better than those stunts they pulled on you.”
Jinks willed himself to calm as Lizette pause to clear her throat which he spoke “Your brother in his message on my answering machine said that I’ll receive a letter in the mail from the karate federation and he added to stay away from his and yours’ mother.” 
He paused to spot Priscilla on the couch dresser next to the phone looking at him with some look in her eyes. He reached out a hand and got the cat to rub her head on it. 
He heard Lizette speak “I know what he said. He made the call in front of me. He’s still dead straight against you have a relationship with mother. As for me, I don’t care whether you have a relationship or not. I suggest you tread carefully involving mother and karate. Lanny could do something drastic against you in karate if you do something involving mother herself so be careful on what you do.”
He heard silence from Lizette which he spoke “Who’s going to tell your mother about this situation? Just so she will know of this.” 
He frowned as he heard Lizette give off a groan noise followed by her speaking “Mother at the moment is still mad at Papa as usual. Lanny managed to tell her off to back off having a relationship with you but I think she’ll ignore my brother by pursuing you anyway just to spite Papa. I managed to get word to Mother about Lanny’s ultimatum regarding her and karate and that you chose karate just to throw my brother off. I’m still waiting for Mother’s response to that message. I’ll let you know what she says. Oh hold on a minute the butler wants to tell me something.” 
He waited hearing a pause followed by her speaking “Drat that brother of mine is on his way here according to the servant. I can’t have him know that I talked to you on the phone so I’ll talk to you later bye.” 
Jinks heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone to hear a meow sound coming from Priscilla which he brought his other hand to her back and rubbed the area feeling it arch underneath his hand movements while eyeing her rubbing her face on his other hand. He sighed to again hear the phone ringing felt annoyance hitting him seeing Lance Knight’s name on the caller ID swore a profanity comment. 
He picked up the phone and spoke “Jinks Montreal here.”
He listened as Lance Knight’s voice came on the line speaking “Dad, spill it what did my sister talk to you about? I caught her talking to you and I demand you tell me everything period.” 
Jinks spoke willing himself to be calm and firm “She was asking me if I got your message on the answering machine which I confirmed that I did and was too busy to pick up the phone due to things going around here. I assume you heard of the stunts happening?”
He waited as he heard his son’s voice speak sounding annoyed “Yes I heard. And? What else did she tell you?”
He spoke “Oh she answered several questions, one regarding you being the karate federation’s president. I heard that the position was inherited from Roosevelt who passed away before he could finish a time frame for an election could be held. Also I heard that you went down hard on members of the karate federation playing jokes on me threatening to have them removed from position if they didn’t stop the stunts. Also that Tan Lee personally told them off to think straight on things instead of the stunts that were pulled on me.”
He cut his talk to clear his throat and heard Lance Knight speak “Anything else?”
He spoke “Just talk about you insisting that I stay away from your mother-“
His son interrupted speaking “Stay away from her period. I mean it. Don’t even think of pursuing her or I’ll use my connections in the karate federation to make you pay dearly for that.” 
Jinks spoke as Lance Knight paused “Lizette confessed on my asking that your mother is still mad at Roosevelt and might pursue me to spite him. Along with your sister saying that you told your mother off to not to have a relationship with me which Lizette admitted that your mother will probably ignore you and pursue me.” 
He heard a growling sound followed by a gagging noise sound then he heard a new voice come onto the line “Dad, just tell Mother whenever you’re in contact with, to back off having a relationship with you due to my brother’s insisting.” 
He recognized the voice as Lizette which paused as he spoke “Fine but she has to meet me at a location for me to tell her off on what you said to me. Also I don’t have her contact information so I doubt I’ll be able to tell her off on this till she contacts me.”
He heard another gagging noise figured that his children were gagging each other with their powers while fighting to get on the phone to talk to him. 
Jinks willed the Master through and spoke as gagging noises continued “Lance, Lizette, stop choking each other now! I don’t find that behavior tolerable for you both to do so quit it.”
He formed a glare on his face as the gagging noises stopped followed by multiple throat clearing noises which he heard Lance Knight’s voice on the line sounding sheepish “Sorry Dad but Papa wasn’t that forthcoming with the power abilities which we had to learn by ourselves along with input from our mother learning them from him doing it on her.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust sounding it loudly on the phone as he heard Lizette’s voice speaking “Dad, we’re not giving you our mother’s contact information. We’re just letting her contact you just once and you to tell her what we told you and that’s about it for the situation.”
He spoke with sarcasm “Fine anything else such as liking to know about the power abilities?”
He heard low whispering and couldn’t make out the words till Lance Knight’s voice came on clearly “From what we could tell about our abilities, is that we can put people to sleep along with waking them up and from you, choking them. That’s about it that we learned about the abilities.” 
Jinks felt himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who spoke “I’ll tell you what you want to know in person face to face privately but not on the phone period.”
He felt himself back into his body still holding the phone hearing Lance Knight speaking “Fine I’ll see about arranging a personal face to face meeting between you, me and my sister. Oh got to go there’s a meeting happening soon and I have to attend it. I will see you when it’s possible.” 
He opened his mouth and heard the dial tone in his ear gave off a profanity comment and hung up the phone. He heard the doorbell ringing its noise growled an annoyed sound to will the Master away from him to go to the door peering through the peephole to see Janel looking annoyed by the expression on her face which yanked open the door and stared at her seeing she had just a purse with her. 
Janel spoke sounding annoyed “Mind if I come in and talk to you? I have some things you should hear privately.” 
He unlocked the screen door and held it open as Janel walked inside which he locked both doors behind him and stood staring at her folded her arms still looking annoyed. 
Jinks spoke “I heard of members of the organization targeted around the neighborhood and I wasn’t spared either.” 
He heard a disgust sound from Janel followed by her speaking “Actually those members were targeted on orders by our son to teach them a lesson on keeping us apart which they had to target you too to make it seem it was just members of the Master Organization.” 
Jinks felt himself getting angry hearing that as he spoke “Drat that son of ours. He gave me an ultimatum you or karate which I picked karate to throw him off. He threatened to use his presidential position in the karate federation to do something drastic to me if I pursued you. I’m told that he told you off on pursuing me but Lizette thinks you’ll ignore him and do it to spite people. The kids told me to tell you off on pursuing a relationship with me once you contacted me.”
He paused to again hear a disgust sound from Janel as she spoke “Some time ago I caught the kids choking thought it was a problem going on till they revealed that they were just trying out their powers on each other after learning that gagging method from you doing it to our son. I don’t find that stunt amusing. Roosevelt being not so honest on teaching the kids their powers was doing it out of fear that they’ll use their abilities to get things for selfish gain instead of for helping people. He was planning on teaching them the power abilities’ full use once they reached legal adult status just so they’ll understand everything and its consequences.”
Jinks frowned hearing Janel’s words who threw her purse at the wall before walking up to him and brought her hands to his face and pulled him down to land her lips on his. He felt himself kissing her back as his hands went to her hair rubbing her scalp. 
Jinks heard the doorbell ringing loudly broke off the kiss to speak “Don’t tell me that the kids arrange this meeting.” 
He heard felt his mouth covered by her hand stared at her as she mouthed silently which he lip read “Some Highlander blabbed to me that my purse is rigged with listening and tracing devices courtesy of our son ordering it.”
He nodded his head as the doorbell continued its ringing noises which he left Janel going to the door to peer through the peephole seeing a male wearing a uniform of delivery. 
He spoke “Just some delivery guy at the door.” 
He heard a disgust sound from Janel followed by her speaking as he looked at her holding her purse “Just some member of the organization here to make sure I keep my time frame with you by knocking us both out if I overstayed my welcome.” 
He exhaled a breath to yank open the door and stepped aside as Janel walked to the door which he saw a glare on the delivery guy’s face figured that she wasn’t kidding on what she said. He unlocked the screen door and watched her leave going out of sight followed by the delivery guy holding a clipboard and a package. Jinks went inside locking both doors and frowned hearing a ringing noise that reminded him of a cell phone spotted an object on the floor that resembled one which he picked up and opened it. 
He spoke “Excuse me if you’re calling Janel Knight sorry she’s not available and that I have to get this cell phone to her due to her misplacing it.”
He frowned as he heard a familiar voice on the line speaking “Hello this is Janel Knight and no to what you said smarty so think.” 
He frowned recognizing the voice as Janel spoke “I thought I had a cell phone courtesy of our son?”
He heard from Janel “Not really. That was Lizette doing it. Oh wound up cancelled by Lance who doesn’t approve of it.” 
He figured that she was hiding speaking to him on the phone due to what she said about listening devices and people eavesdropping on her. 
Jinks spoke “Next time you’re in contact with our son yell at him to get me a cell phone due to me not able to drive to and back from place to place without a car and needing to call a cab to get around-”
He was interrupted by a shriek cut his voice as he heard a male voice get on the line speaking “Who is this?”
Jinks willed the Master through and before he could speak found himself floating above his body to witness it change into Lance who folded the cell phone in half destroying it cutting the call which he found himself back in his body to glare at the phone. Jinks willed the Master away from him to again hear the cell phone ringing felt compelled to put in the couch dresser drawer which he found himself obeying stuffing it inside and slamming the door shut. He exhaled a breath and eyed the clock seeing it was still mid afternoon which he figured to himself to go downstairs and practice karate. He walked to the basement door to hear the landline phone ringing its noises sighed and went to it eyeing the caller ID to see it said Lance Knight’s name on it. Jinks picked up the phone and spoke his name. 
He paused to hear Lance Knight’s voice on it speaking “Admit it Dad, Mother gave you a cell phone. We can trace records of her buying two of them and her balking to explain why she has them along with a call from it traced to here.”
Jinks felt himself annoyed spoke “Well Janel admitted that a certain somebody didn’t approve of me having a cell phone despite me having one. Besides how do you expect me to get around without a cab and not able to call for one? I was sick in a rainstorm as a youngster from walking in one. My sickness gave my mother a fright when I got sick that she didn't eat or sleep while I was in bed sick with a fever."
He heard nothing from Lance Knight as he continued to talk “So what it’ll be a cell phone or some vehicle for me to get around? Also I expect to travel around town getting things for the apartment including getting groceries along with items for a cat. I have a cat to take care of that needs food and vet care. That traveling doesn’t matter if the weather is bad for I need to do things and I’m not walking in some rainstorm again for I need a ride to places. The grocery store last time I visited doesn’t have anything for me to call for a cab. It's the reason why my mother had a fright from me wound up walking in the rainstorm and sick from it. She had managed to avoid having me walk outside in such rainy stormy like weather. So decide on which one I should get and make it snappy.” 
He paused to hear groaning noises that sounded like two voices which he figured that Lizette was eavesdropping on the conversation while Lance Knight talked to him. 
He waited clearing his throat and heard Lance Knight’s voice on the line “I’ll see about arranging something for you to travel around without worrying about having to be caught walking in some rainstorm. I do remember a story of you sick from that. So don’t worry I’ll let you know as soon as possible on what I arranged, just give up the cell phone to the delivery guy saying the words Lance Richard when he’s at the door get it?”
He spoke “I get it anything else?”
He frowned and heard “No not really talk to you later.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear put the phone on the hook and pulled out the cell phone putting it on top of the couch dresser hearing nothing from it. He sighed and figured that he’ll go practice karate which he went to the basement and proceeded to use the punching bag to practice his kicking recalling the thing’s movements when he kicked it in his previous body and twenty years before in the past. Jinks frowned recalling his previous body’s manipulating the punching bag and recalled the thing’s movements to sense his kicking was identical to the past and now. He frowned recalling the punching bag’s movements when he kicked it twenty years in the past to realize that it was moving with more force than it normally does when he had the previous body. Jinks halted his kicking to bring a fist into the punching bag and frowned further seeing its movement was more forceful than his previous body’s punch on it. He sensed with a start that his new body was stronger than his previous body judging by the punching bag’s movements. Jinks exhaled a breath of the thought to walk in the middle of the room and began doing his Kata checking for any differences from when he did the karate with his previous body. 
Jinks found to his annoyance nothing different and recalled while in his coma of laughing talking to Lance "How did you fought in physical combat battles along with weapons?"
Lance instead of answering his question forced his eyes shut and he wound up doing his possession of people to practice karate obsessed. Jinks exhaled a breath to get on the floor doing his stretching exercises as he recalled his time living a primitive Human life in Shadan's past before the transfer, to remember that the male Humans from watching them fought using brute strength along with lots of punching including favoring a weapon called a sword when sparring with each other. 
He exhaled a breath to think “I wonder if Lance was the same as the Humans fighting? It sure figures why he’s not answering my questions about his fighting style. He figured that I know the answer and doesn’t need to tell me it.” 
Jinks swung himself to stand and left the basement heading towards the living room to hear a meow sound from the couch which he saw Priscilla tummy sitting on it. He sighed and sat down next to her and eyed her as she walked onto his lap to rub her face on his chin. He rubbed Priscilla’s back as she continued her face rubbing followed by getting off of him and appearing to go to the kitchen. He sighed again and heard a doorbell ringing noise picked up the cell phone and went to the door peering through the peephole to see a female wearing a uniform which he frowned seeing but shrugged and opened the door pocketing the cell phone. 
Jinks stared at her questioningly as she spoke “Lance Richard, you have something for delivery as ordered?”
He exhaled a breath to pull out the cell phone and unlocked the screen door and held it up to her whom she took with eyes wide, followed by walking off his porch and walking out of sight. 
Jinks shrugged thinking to himself “Equality between genders.”
He went back inside locking both doors and went to the couch to sit leaning back staring at the TV seeing the time was later afternoon but still early for dinner. He exhaled a breath and heard the doorbell ringing its noises groaned softly and went to the peephole to see a male Highlander wearing a suit jacket and a tie while looking annoyed. 
Jinks yanked open the door and spoke “Something I could do for you Sir?”
He stared at the Highlander who had a clipboard in his hand who spoke “Are you Robert Lance Richard?”
He frowned to nod his head as compelled despite the odd name as the Highlander spoke “Good I’ve come to the right place. I’m called McLaren from McLaren’s school of driving. I’m told that you requested a refresher course on driving a car.” 
He widen his eyes hearing that to nod his head as McLaren he assume continued “Good I have a vehicle parked in the parking lot so come on out and I’ll see what you need learning.” 
Jinks spoke “Hold on a minute while I get my keys.” 
He walked inside to the couch dresser to pick up his keys and peered in the drawer to find a wallet with his ID on it that had an expiration date dating over twenty years. He sighed and put the wallet in his pocket and went to the front door closing it behind him to and locked it with the keys then pocketed them to stare at the Highlander who gestured him to come. He wordlessly followed McLaren to the parking lot that went to a passenger side of a car and pointed to him to get inside which he obeyed getting into the driver’s side and stared at the wheel with a frown. 
He heard a throat clearing noise from the Highlander as which he looked at the male and spoke “I don’t know how to verbalize a car to start.”
Jinks felt himself stiffening as McLaren’s eyes narrowed with suspicion in them before the Highlander proceeded to teach him how to start the car and shut it off verbalizing it with repeatedly ordering him to remember the words along with seeing how he did it memory. Jinks frowned as he was ordered to move the car out of park which he spotted a handheld control for that along with levels indicating the car’s movement which he pulled at the control only to hear a loud sound of backfiring to him. He frowned as the car refused to budge from its parked spot despite him moving the wheel and pressing the pedals or giving the order to move. 
He sighed and threw his hands up speaking “I don’t know how to move the car out of park.” 
He avoided looking at McLaren to hear the Highlander speak “I like to see your driver’s license please.”
He sighed and pulled out his wallet and his ID card and handed it to McLaren who gave up a loud hmm sound before speaking “I should have realized who you were which explains your stupidity to handle a car.”
He frowned as he was thrust his ID card followed by ordered out of the car which he obeyed to stare as McLaren got into the driver’s side and got out of the way as the Highlander drove the car off. Jinks groaned rubbing a hand on his forehead and walked to his apartment and used his key to get inside. He locked the doors behind him and put away his keys and ID in the wallet then placed it in the couch dresser along with his keys. He sighed and went to the couch to sit and stared at the wall feeling himself a failure, to hear the phone ringing which he picked up and brought to his ear as if compelled and spoke his name. 
He heard a familiar voice on it speaking “Dad, how did the car lesson go?”
He grimaced recognizing Lizette’s voice spoke in a groaning tone “It went terrible. I don’t know anything about cars of today especially about starting one, turning it off and getting it out of park. The teacher asked for my ID which I gave him and he said some comment on not realizing who I was before ordering me out of the car then he took the thing and drove off. I feel like its one thing I failed at, ugh.” 
He paused to give off a groaning noise and heard Lizette speak “Don’t worry I’ll handle this matter and settle it as soon as possible. Just be patient ok?”
He spoke “Ok.” 
He heard “You’re not a failure for trying something and just need work on doing more of it.” 
Jinks sighed as he heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and leaned back eyes staring at the ceiling to feel pressure on his lap which he looked down to see Priscilla standing on it with her four paws giving him a look with her eyes before giving off a meow sound. He exhaled a breath to figure that Priscilla wanted attention which he brought his hands to her back and rubbed and scratched sensing it arch underneath his movements. He heard Priscilla gave up a meow sound which he cut his hand movements to drop them on his side and again leaned back staring at the ceiling to feel the cat tummy sit on his front with vibrations felt. He sighed to continue staring at the ceiling to feel the cat’s purring was making him sleepy struggled to stay awake only to feel the sleepiness persisted which he shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance. 
Lance spoke “Jinks, I know how you feel towards the car. It took me a long time to learn how to ride a horse even convince the gonoid to accept me as its rider. Horses seemed to have some sense towards me that makes them nervous enough to throw off riders in my presence along with throwing me off when I try to ride them.” 
He groaned hearing Lance’s words as the male continued talking “By the way Jinks I get the feeling from my observances that you might not have to worry about driving a car anymore due to others thinking of not letting you do that.”
He spoke in a whining tone “How do they expect me to get around for things such as food and care for my cat?”
Jinks stiffened as he saw Lance’s eyes turn all black followed by being gagged on the throat and heard the male’s voice speaking “Don’t speak to me in that unacceptable tone. Don’t worry about things it’ll be handled get it, Jinks?”
He gagged out “I get it.”
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing a phone ringing noise blaring in his ear. He lurched up in a standing position to hear a yowl sound and looked down to see Priscilla standing on her four paws arching her back. He exhaled a breath to pick up the phone speaking his name as night vision flickered in his eyes sight. 
Jinks heard “Don’t ever ask to drive a car or be taught how to drive one again period.” 
He frowned hearing the voice sounded Highlander like eyed the caller ID to see the word Scotland on it. He frowned to open his mouth to speak and heard the dial tone in his ear. Jinks sighed and hung up the phone then eyed the clock seeing it was evening as night vision became dominant in his eyes sight. He groaned and figured to himself that he’ll go to bed. He went to the stairs and heard the doorbell ringing that annoyed him to think of who would be ringing it at this hour. He switched on the porch light and peered through the peephole to see Janel there that looked annoyed pointing a finger up which he shut off the porch light and yanked open the door to see her having a suitcase along with a different purse with her. He yanked open the screen door and tapped her on the shoulder and watched her go inside which he locked both doors behind her. 
Jinks spoke “Janel, having a light on would alert them of something because I can see in the dark and I don’t normally use lights at night.”
He stared at Janel that blindly spoke eyes appearing unfocused “Oh you too? Roosevelt when he was alive said he could see in the dark and didn’t need any lights. This brought repeated arguments about use of lights at night me needing them and he saying he didn’t need them and could act as my eyes.” 
He groaned out “Sorry Janel I should have thought of using lights when I started living here just to make myself normal to people who normally can’t see in the dark.” 
He stared at Janel who spoke “Well I paid the driver a very good sum of money to not to talk about where I went along with not showing up at my home location unless I’m in the car so we should be fine for now.” 
He opened his mouth and heard the phone ringing its noises sighed and spoke “Excuse me while I handle the idiot calling at this hour.”
He went to the phone picking it up and spoke “You better have a good excuse for calling me at this hour. I’m about to go to bed.” 
He heard “Dad, escort Mom outside is where we are.” 
He stiffened as he recognized Lance Knight’s voice which he spoke “How the depths did you find your mother here?”
Jinks heard “Just bring Mom outside and we’ll answer your question.” 
He groaned and hung up the phone and went to Janel who spoke “That was our son on the phone was it? He figured out where I was. Drat that driver for taking my money and betraying me.” 
He groaned and turned on the porch light along with the stairwell light then unlocked the front door and peered outside to see Lance Knight and Lizette on the sidewalk in the vicinity of the porch light. He exhaled a breath to unlock the screen door and stepped aside as Janel walked out hauling her suitcase. 
He saw Janel pause from walking followed by her speaking loudly sounding angry “You better explain how you found me. I did everything I could do to toss you off my trail.” 
Jinks frowned as he saw Lance Knight wave a hand and caught Janel limply in his arms her appearing to have fallen asleep. He didn’t comment as his son snatched Janel from him and hauled her away out of sight as Lizette he eyed picked up the suitcase and purse from the ground and walked off ignoring him staring. He gave up a sound of disgust went inside locking both doors and sensed something wrong with his apartment which he realized that Priscilla wasn’t in it. He unlocked both doors and darted onto the porch to hear a meow sounding which he looked down to see her sniffing his foot. He stared at her and frowned wondering how he was supposed to get her inside as she continued to sniff his foot. He bent down and wrapped an arm around her middle lifting her up close to his form and walked inside locking the screen door with his free hand then placed her down on the floor to hear her give off a meow followed by her darting up the stairs. He exhaled a breath locked the front door and then shut off the porch light then the stairwell light and walked upstairs with night vision in his eyes sight. He sighed and figured that he’ll simply go to bed which he went to his bedroom and stripped himself of his clothes and shoes leaving them piled on the floor. Once naked he eyed the bed to see his sweat pants folded on a pillow next to his sleeping pillow which he picked up and put on his form then got in bed yanking the blankets up his chest. He sighed and looked at the clock and with a hand adjusted it to go off at nine o’clock then laid back shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 
He dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “That night vision thing of yours passed to your children who used it to follow Janel’s car undetected with your son doing the driving.”
He gave up a disgust sound as Lance continued ignoring his noise “I suggest you do some research on the town you live in and its local areas for places called hotels for you to meet Janel including contacting her. I’m sure that the kids won’t find you both in some hotel room due to not suspecting that the meeting will happen there instead of your place as usual.” 
Jinks again gave up a sound of disgust as Lance ignored his noise forced his eyes shut. He came to hearing the alarm blare its noise sat up with night vision blaring in his eyes sight groaned to look at the clock seeing it blare the time of six o’clock in the morning. 
He groaned to lay his form back and heard the doorbell ringing its noises which he spoke out loud “Can’t I get any sleep around here?”
Silence was his answer as he forced himself to get up and went out of the bedroom to the stairs running down it and hit the front door peering through the peephole finding no one in sight. He backed up and bowed his head holding a hand in front of him closing his eyes to see an overhead view of the porch showing nothing in it or no one in sight. He opened his eyes and lowered his hand figuring out that it was a message in his mailbox which he yanked opened the door after unlocking it. He halted to use his senses for danger sensing nothing and looked around for Priscilla sensing she wasn’t nearby which he unlocked the screen door and walked out shutting it to glare at his mailbox seeing a manila envelope there that looked thick with paperwork along with a narrow box sticking out of it. He pulled both out and walked inside senses cued for Priscilla and sensed her on the stairs staring at him which he locked both doors and went to the kitchen turning on the light to place the packages on the table. He sighed and with his hands ripped opened the box to stare with shock seeing a black karate belt along with a rolled piece of paper which he unrolled.
Jinks read the note detailing "The karate federation has decided to give you the belt for the right to compete in tournaments for black belts. It's observing your karate skills in fighting. You have to win a black belt tournament title to rightfully call yourself a black belt holder which it’ll be announced at the tournament if you win the title." 
He frowned as the note ended which he put it down and opened the manila envelope to discover various papers gathered together. He read papers on a tournament happening in the state a location he calculated was an hour away, for black belts focused in fighting starting at a late morning hour and continued to read the papers finding detailed drawings and instructions included on how to pick up a cat and hold them which he sighed figuring out that someone spied on him picking up Priscilla after she got out. 
Jinks continued to read the papers finding a detailed note saying "Lance Knight has given you use of a Highlander driver to drive you to place to place. The driver was instructed to report where he was taking you, to your son via timed check in times. There's a phone number included on the note. Just to call the number and request the driver to come pick you up."
Jinks exhaled a breath to set aside the paper besides the black belt and read the rest of the paperwork detailing rules of being a black belt and what to do among black belts and lower belt members while in tournaments waiting to compete. He read the rules thoroughly and then set the papers down figuring that he’ll get himself ready for the tournament which he took the papers detailing the tournament form and went to the closet to pull out his duffle bag stuffing the papers inside it. He yanked out his karate uniform which he hauled to the bathroom upstairs then went into his bedroom to a dresser drawer to yank out clean underwear shorts and socks along with picking up his sneakers which he took to the bathroom. He went inside and stripped himself of his sweat pants hanging them on the hook behind the door then entered the shower showering thoroughly then once finished dried himself thoroughly then got dressed in the clothes and shoes on his feet. He eyed his hair and brushed it neatly then frowned seeing it still looked wet figured that there was nothing he could do about it left the bathroom going downstairs which he went to the kitchen and grabbed the black belt putting it on around his waist then figured that he’ll eat something due to thinking that he needed energy for the tournament. Jinks prepared a meal of oatmeal in a bowl along with cereal in another bowl and milk to drink from the carton which he ate everything and drank most of the milk then put the dishes away and carton in the refrigerator. Jinks sighed and picked up the note detailing the driver and carried it to the living room which he turned on a lamp and eyed the number then eyed the clock which he recalled the date figured it was a weekday and that traffic would be bad due to people going to work. 
He picked up the phone and dialed the number waiting as a male voice sounding Highlander like came on the line speaking “Hello yes?”
He spoke “This is Jinks Montreal, whom am I speaking to?”
He frowned as the Highlander voice spoke “Ah your driver as assigned by Lance Knight. I’m ordered to drive you where you’re to go along with reporting to Mister Knight on the locations I drive you to at timed intervals. So speak to where you like to go.” 
Jinks spoke the location of the tournament and the time of requesting to arrive there and heard from the driver "I will simply ring your doorbell as ordered by Lance Knight to do so, so you won’t have to wait outside in the weather elements for me to arrive." 
He spoke his agreement and hung up the phone then frowned wondering what to do next. He went to his duffle bag to root through it finding his fighting gear still in it and took out his Chuck weapon tossing it in the closet along with taking out various manila envelopes which he went to the kitchen’s closet and tossed them in the recycle box then went back to his duffle bag seeing that the tournament forms were still inside it as he placed it. He found his water bottle seeing it still filled with water and figured to himself that he’ll simply wash it and refill it with water which he proceeded to do washing it with dishwashing soap in the kitchen sink and made sure to clean it thoroughly. Jinks once done cleaning the water bottle filled it with fresh water and took it to his duffle bag stuffing it inside then went to the couch dresser taking out his wallet and keys which he placed the wallet in the duffle bag then left the keys on top of the dresser. He eyed the date on the TV to figure out that he should bring his coat anyway due to that the weather was always scattered with snow and cold despite the month known as a summer month of warmth. He sighed and went upstairs to the closet to grab his coat putting it on his form along with his hat and gloves and went downstairs to the couch to sit waiting for the driver to arrive. He eyed the clock feeling himself getting impatient with the driver’s arrival sighed as Priscilla got on his lap rubbing her face on his chin. He rubbed Priscilla’s back feeling it arch underneath his hand and sighed again as she kept up the face rubbing on his chin seemingly lengthy then gave up a yowl when the doorbell sounded and got off his lap. He darted towards the door to peer through the peephole turning on the porch light to see a male Highlander wearing a blue visor cap on his head that reminded him of the drivers Roosevelt used to get him place to place. 
He sighed and yanked open the door to hear “Jinks Montreal? Your driver as ordered is here so get yourself ready we don’t have time to waste.” 
Jinks obeyed grabbing his duffle bag and keys shutting off the porch light and cued his senses towards the cat as he left the apartment shutting the front door. He locked the door and followed the driver underneath the light of sunrise to a black sedan car with tinted windows parked in the street which he got inside after the driver opened the door for him. Jinks hunted for the seat belt as he felt the driver shut the door and found it to buckle himself in while setting the duffle bag besides him. He eyed the sunrise out the window as he heard the driver get inside the car followed by the Highlander verbalizing the car to start and felt it move while hearing no worded instructions for it to get out of park. 
Jinks frowned thinking "I wonder why the option of having me drive a car was dumped after I attempted to drive one? I'm wondering about the Highlander voice telling me on the phone not to drive a car." 
He frowned to feel sleepiness shut his eyes figuring that he’ll get some sleep to rest for the tournament only to dream of facing Lance. 
Lance spoke “A certain somebody, Highlander actually, got it in their heads that machines and you won’t work together due to witnessing you trying to drive a car under instruction. They think from witnessing the scene that you have some sort of sense that makes machines such as cars stop working from you trying to make them work. Don’t blame me for that thought it’s just them thinking that and their dead straight on thinking it and won’t change from that.” 
He frowned to nod his head as he felt his eyes forced shut and came to with a jerk to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he looked at his right to see the driver remove his hand. 
The driver spoke “We’re here at the location as you requested and arrived on time. You’ll find me waiting in the parking lot once your business is done.” 
He exhaled a breath to unbuckle the seatbelt and got out of the car hauling his duffle bag to find the parking lot full of cars which he looked at where the driver parked the car to see it was near a light post with a letter Z on a flag attached. Jinks sighed and walked to the buildings seeing it resembled a college campus remembering that the location on the tournament forms detailed it. He wandered around the campus following signs detailing tournaments to find them lead to a building which he went inside to find fellow black belt holders standing in line in a hallway leading to an Asian woman at a table holding a clipboard as each presented papers for her and she marking with a pen then nodding them through. He got in line and found himself still last in line as the line went through the woman to reach her and see disgust on her face seeing him as he rooted through his bag and hauled out the tournament papers showing it to her. He frowned as she appeared to do a lengthy scan of the clipboard in front of her which he figured that she was stalling cleared his throat loudly and formed a glare on his face as she looked at him. 
Jinks glared as she spoke with disgust in her voice “Your name’s on the list so get out of here and don’t come whining to me about others preventing you from competing.” 
He kept the glare on his face stuffed the papers in his duffle bag and entered the gym room to see various black belts mostly males around the room doing stretching and karate while seeing a crowd of people sitting in stands chattering among each other as he walked to an empty bleacher bench. 
His way was blocked by a male in a karate uniform with a black belt on him who spoke “You’re not wanted around here so go home.”
Jinks spoke in a firm tone “I came to compete and I aim to do it.” 
He glared at the male who spoke sneering “Too bad I can name fifty reasons who won’t let you compete and their, me and the competitors who’ll see that you leave.”
Jinks sneered in response “How do you plan to have me leave hmm?”
He stiffened as he sensed someone behind him felt something hitting him on the back hard along with a leg connecting with the back of his knees making him hit the floor kneeling and heard the crowd give off sounds of shock as he was hit with various fists, legs and feet all over that continued as he slid to the floor and felt himself going unconscious which he welcomed the feeling. 
Jinks came to hearing a sound like an alarm clock blare its noises groaned loudly feeling himself lying on a bed wearing nothing but his underwear shorts with a blanket felt on his form. He jerked opened his eyes looking around discovering that he was in his bedroom in his apartment sat up slowly feeling himself weak all over but no pain felt. He shift his eyes towards the alarm clock seeing it blare the time of eight o’clock in the morning which he felt no strength to get up from bed laid his form down and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance that hugged him before letting go of him. 
Jinks frowned staring at Lance who spoke “Alright Tan Lee was at the tournament under disguise witnessed the incident with you getting hurt by fighters as their referred. Tan got involved flattening multiple black belts’ seats fighting them off of you till someone figured out who he was and yelled that loudly that got the belts to back off. 
He wound up speaking very loudly the words ‘You have shamed yourself.’ 
Then he hauled you with someone from the audience there taking your bag to your car which you were put inside.”
He frown hearing that as Lance kept talking “The driver drove you to your home on orders from your son, who your children along with a personal physician met them there. Your children hauled you inside to your bedroom which the doctor examined you and said you would be fine but needed lots of sleep and eating lots of food including taking it easy he didn’t say how long, on doing physical activities.”
Jinks groaned hearing that as Lance continued talking “You were knocked out for fourteen days with the alarm going off at set times and you did that possession stunt again, grr.”
He stiffened seeing Lance’s eyes turn all black followed by being gagged on the throat by the male’s hand on his throat. 
He gagged out “What did I do this time that annoyed you?” 
He stared at Lance who spoke “Oh you did quite some damage targeting the ones who kicked your seat making sure that they were hit with leg, knee and foot injuries from accidents including possessing competitors to kick them in the knees repeatedly in tournaments causing them to go down with knee blow outs as their called. A pity that it’ll take those competitors years to recover from the injuries due to that there aren’t any doctors focused on fixing those areas by surgery and that healing time will take a very long time till their bodies are fully healed from the injury.” 
Jinks groaned as Lance he saw narrowed his black eyes and added “Oh I should tell you that these accidents and incidents involving the black belts didn’t fool Tan not one bit who figured that you were behind them. He only told your children about the possessing stunt including one incident of you possessing him for a certain time till someone answering to the name of Kui Wang Liping kicked you out of him and kept you out by possessing him in your place.”
He stiffened hearing Lance’s words as the male kept talking “Your children had you scanned by a doctor while you were doing those possessing bits and found nothing to indicate you doing it. But they figured that Tan wasn’t kidding on what he said by you possessing one of them at a time and talking to them using your own voice. The subject you told them both was you wanted to earn the black belt rightfully and win tournaments undefeated then retire once all the tournaments were won.” 
Jinks groaned while gagged as Lance kept talking “Harrumph you managed to possessive your son at a karate federation meeting to announce that you didn’t provoke the fight and that the competitors picked on you who the reason is still being finding out. You mentioned that you’ll be still allowed to compete and cleared once the doctor, okays it but the ones who kicked your seat were forever banned from competing once their identities were discovered due to Tan Lee finding their actions shameful. Also you said that you were taking pity on yourself due to that you were his son which a blood test proved that and mentioned that you were out asleep in some twenty year coma medically due to some unexplained medical condition which the doctors kept you alive by that way then woke you up after finding a way of helping you.”
Jinks groaned again while gagged as Lance added “A pity that it’ll take you awhile to compete in tournaments due to your children insisting that you follow doctor’s orders. You were found to have bruises all over which left you unconscious and that your strength will take awhile to return. I know this strength thing from personally recovering from fighting with people which my people had to convince me to hold off fighting by insisting I pass some tests they made me do. Harrumph you’ll find yourself going through tests yourself for I’ll see to it.” 
He groaned as his eyes were forced shut as he felt himself passing out unconscious and came to hearing the alarm blaring its noises which he lurched up in a fast motion opening his eyes. He eyed the clock seeing the time indicated eight o’clock in the morning. Jinks sighed feeling himself much better but felt a weakness feeling hitting him. He got up stumbling a bit and went out to the bathroom figuring that a shower would make him feel better from feeling griminess hitting him. He paused to stare at himself in the mirror finding his skin on his face and body seen through it looked yellowy looking which he figured was healing from bruises hence the color. He sighed and yanked off the underwear shorts leaving it piled on the floor of the bathroom and entered the shower stall. He felt his movements were slow and clumsy as he showered then got out stumbling a bit to grab the towel drying himself. Jinks went to the door to peer at it and found his sweatpants still hanging on the hook which he put on his form after putting away the towel. He stumbled out and used his hand on the railing to help him go down the stairs going to the kitchen to hear a meow sound in pleading tones which he looked down to see Priscilla sitting next to her empty food bowl. He groaned and forced himself to get the bag of cat food and poured her a generous amount.
Jinks wound up thinking "Priscilla eats too much and doesn’t do much around here." 
He put away the cat food bag and grabbed the cereal box and went to sit and scooped handfuls of cereal stuffing them in his mouth which he chewed fast and continued to do it till there was nothing left in the box which he felt himself still hungry stuffed the box in the garbage in the kitchen closet and spied another cereal box which he grabbed and again went to sit which he again hand fed himself food eating half of it till his hunger stopped but felt himself thirsty. He put the box back onto the refrigerator then yanked open the refrigerator and grabbed the milk carton bringing it to his lips and gulped down the rest of the milk finding himself still needing to drink stuffed the empty carton in the kitchen closet’s garbage can and grabbed the orange juice carton which he gulped it all down then felt his thirstiness stop which he stuffed the empty carton in the garbage then went into the living room to the couch to sit. He leaned back folding his arms feeling himself too lazy to bother going up the stairs to his bedroom. He laid his head back and sighed feeling Priscilla got on his lap to tummy sits on his front and felt her purring making him sleepy which he welcomed the feeling and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing the phone ringing groaned loudly and jerked open his eyes to find the cat gone from him which he reached with a hand and picked up the phone. 
He spoke with weariness in his voice “Jinks Montreal speaking.” 
He heard sounds of breathing on the phone followed by hearing "I'm a reporter of a karate newspaper. I want a statement from you due to an incident of numerous black belts targeting you and keeping you from competing in a tournament." 
He continued to grimace as the male asked him some questions regarding the incident which he waited as there was a pause to speak “I’ll answer some questions if you tell me what happened to the ones that attacked me?”
He waited to hear the male speak “About ten of them were seen attacking you and they were all identified by our fellow reporters taking pictures of the scene. Those attackers in question were hit with bad luck as in acquiring injuries to legs, ankles and feet so answer my questions.” 
He heard the male again asked him questions regarding the attack sighed and waited as there was a pause spoke “If those black belts wanted to kick my seat they should have done that through tournament rules fighting me in competition instead of humiliating themselves attacking me.”
Jinks paused waiting as the male spoke “You care to comment about reported karate champion Tan Lee coming to your defense as in fighting off the attackers off of you?”
Jinks inhaled a breath and spoke “Mister Lee was thinking straight on seeing that the attackers should have used the tournament to kick my seat instead of footing me in an unauthorized fight when he fought off the attackers. He came to my defense due to that I wasn’t able to defend myself from being surprised attacked from behind and saw me not able to fight back due to the attackers making it impossible for me to fight them from suffering injuries from that.” 
He waited hearing sounds of typing figured that the male was copying his words down on some computer for an article as the male again spoke “Do you know what happened after you were apparently knocked out unconscious?”
Jinks spoke “Sorry I just recently woke up.” 
He waited hearing typing followed by the male speaking “Tan Lee was seen as some old unidentified man footing the seats of your attackers till someone was heard yelling that the man was Tan Lee himself who yanked off his hat waving it during a pause in fighting which got the attackers to back off. 
He was heard saying ‘You shamed yourself.’ 
Before picking you up and carrying you out of the room which one of our reporters grabbed your bag and escorted him to your car. After you were put inside with your bag and your driver drove away the reporter asked Mister Lee some questions after identifying themselves as one of us. Mister Lee according to reports told the reporter that he didn’t find the fight acceptable for black belts to do and said that they should have used the tournament to foot your seat instead of targeting you. The reporter reported that he seemed furious which he went inside and went to the announcer and said to the audience that the tournament was cancelled effective immediately and confirmed that he was Tan Lee and said that he’s furious about the attack and didn’t find it acceptable and said that he’ll see that the attackers were punished harshly for that stunt. After saying that he left and ignored reporters asking him for further comments which you care to comment about that?”
Jinks again inhaled a breath spoke “I have to agree with Mister Lee’s views regarding the attack. I came to the tournament to fight in the competition and prove myself worthy of being a black belt despite having the ability of one and I intend to compete for that honor.”
He felt compelled to hang up the phone added “We’ll talk later sir.” 
He hung up the phone and leaned back shutting his eyes feeling himself tired. He dreamed of facing Lance who had a glare on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “That reporter was from a karate tabloid and not a regular newspaper. They’ll probably twist your words to their views just to sell the tabloid newspaper for money. Greedy bastards they are using sensationalism news to get people to buy their newspaper Hmph.” 
Jinks groaned out, Lance paused “I should have hung up the phone after they identified themselves as a newspaper reporter drat.” 
He felt nervousness as Lance gave him an all black eyed glare followed by the male speaking “Don’t bother whining about that. The tabloid will probably make you out to be an angry victim who will compete in tournaments once healed from injuries from the attack to teach the black belts a lesson and kick their seats in a legal way under authorization for karate.”
Jinks frowned feeling himself relieved as Lance gagged him on the throat which confused him followed by the male speaking “One more thing, Jinks, I expect you to follow orders of people related to the karate world without questioning them when they tell you to compete in tournaments get it?”
He bobbed his head and felt his eyes forced shut feeling himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing the doorbell ringing jerked his eyes open sitting up to stare at the TV finding it was the next day by the time of seven o’clock in the morning blare on it. He sighed and got up feeling himself still weak but better strength as he went to the door and peered through the peephole finding no one there. He backed up and used his power abilities to spy outside his door finding nothing which he figured there was something in his mailbox. Jinks unlocked the door to hear a meow sounding from the stairs which he eyed Priscilla sitting there who made no movement to get up. He opened the screen door and walked out sensing himself filmed and sighed to find a manila envelope looking thick sitting in his mailbox which he took out and walked inside locking both doors eyeing Priscilla still on the stairs. Jinks went to the couch and sat feeling himself relieved to sit which he opened the manila envelope to find a newspaper book in it appearing to be a tabloid along with papers. He set aside the papers to read the tabloid grimacing seeing a picture on the cover showing himself kneeling surrounding like black belt males in various poses of fighting with some appearing to have a body part connecting to his body. 
He read the cover’s headline “Karate’s terror.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and opened the newspaper to read the contents finding an article with his words he said to the reporter in it. He frowned seeing the article was like Lance said made him appeared to be an angry victim who will do what it takes to compete in tournaments and foot black belt’s seats on the way of winning titles as a powerful lesson that the attack wouldn’t keep him from competing. Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth to continued reading the rest of the newspaper to find an article detailing Tan Lee under disguise got involved in the attack and flattened the black belts’ seats and was identified by someone a student of his yelling that loudly which he later confirmed that identity then told the attackers that they shamed themselves before picking up the victim and carrying him out. Jinks sighed as he continued to read the rest of the newspaper finding it entirely focused on the attack and various points of views while avoiding the point of view of the tournament competitors. 
He finished the newspaper set it aside and picked up the papers to read "The victim named Jinks Montreal after examination of his body had visible bruises from the attack but no broken bones or muscle tearing found. It's recommended that he hold off doing physical activities until it was determined that his bruise injuries had completely healed."
Jinks sighed and continued to read the papers finding a letter from the karate federation saying "We have authorized ourselves and your teacher Sensei Sun Zordanov to decide on whether you should compete in tournaments from both observing you doing karate including testing you in sparring practice fights with fellow students when attending classes. You are not authorized to compete in tournaments without the say so of Sensei Zordanov and the karate federation both agreeing on that once it was determined you were up to compete." 
He groaned loudly to continue reading the papers "You are given permission from the karate federation to wear the black belt when attending classes and attending tournaments as a spectator to support fellow students competing." 
Jinks exhaled a breath to come to the last of the papers to find a letter detailing "The attackers have been identified and their tournament results as a black belt holder nullified along with banned from competing and fined a huge thousand dollar money fine for the attack and forbidden to teach karate." 
He sighed feeling himself relieved reading that continued to read "The police have been notified to arrest the attackers and charge them for the attack. Also the police assured that the attackers will serve jail time due to numerous people witnessing the attack talking to the cops about it and giving statements. The statements were the same thing that you wasn’t the one who provoked the attack and witnessed you attacked from behind repeatedly too many times and not able to defend yourself from seeing you kicked in that area along with on the head repeatedly and saw you slid to the floor with form still which the attackers proceeded to kick you. Tan Lee was seen seating in the way back of the audience at the moment the attack happened and witnessed maneuvering around the crowd slowly due to people not paying attention to anything around them till he managed to reach the victim and fought off the black belts who proceeded to pick a fight with him till someone loudly identified the Asian as Tan Lee who acted like he confirmed that yeller’s words and the attackers backed off." 
He reached the end of the paper’s letter and sighed putting it down on the couch dresser along with the papers and newspaper. He leaned back sighing and felt himself too tensed up to sleep figured that he’ll go eat some food which he got up and went to the kitchen and peered into the refrigerator finding himself out of milk and orange juice but having grape juice to drink which he took out putting it on the counter then looked in the fridge finding boxed prepared food which he took out one looking like it’ll fill him up from its size. He yanked out packaged food in a tray and stuffed it in the microwave and set it to cook. Jinks sat down in a chair at the table sighing while waiting for the food to cook and listening for the ding of the microwave saying it was done. He felt a cat face rub his hand resting on the table looked at Priscilla to raise the hand and watched as she rubbed her face and head on it lengthy before jumping off the table running out of the kitchen into the living room. He sighed and heard the ding sound got out his food and grabbed a fork from the drawer and sat down eating the food finding himself terribly hungry which he gobbled it up then threw out the tray in the garbage. He picked up the bottle of grape juice and opened it and gulped part of it down then placed it in the refrigerator. He sighed figuring out that he’ll stretch and practice karate. Jinks went to the living room to sit on the floor feeling for his body’s complaints as he stretched which he sensed soreness from his muscles but found his limber status intact. He adjusted his legs to swing himself up but figured it was best not to do that got up awkwardly and recalled his white belt Kata proceeded to do it finding himself tiring quickly after doing kicking and punching movements which he finished with a bow and felt himself exhausted sighed. He eyed the couch and sighed figuring that he’ll take his bed instead which he forced himself up the stairs while pausing to catch his breath several times feeling himself tired. He went to his bedroom to lie his form down and threw the blankets up to his chest and eyed the alarm clock seeing the alarm was on which he reached towards it checking the alarm time and found it set for eight o’clock which he adjusted for nine o’clock and eyed the date and laid his form down shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious.
Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises sighed to sit up eying the clock seeing it was nine o’clock in the morning but frowned seeing the date to calculate that it was three days since he fell asleep in bed. He sighed and got up feeling himself much better along with no weakness feeling felt. Jinks grabbed some clothes out of the drawers along with his sneakers and hauled them to the bathroom going inside which he set on the counter then stripped himself of his sweat pants putting them on the hook behind the door. He eyed himself in the mirror to find his skin had resumed its normal pale tanned Human color. He entered the shower feeling himself better underneath the water along with cleaning himself with soap and shampoo. He dried himself once finished with the shower and put on the clothes and shoes then brushed his hair. He left the bathroom going downstairs heading to the kitchen to find Priscilla in front of her food bowl meowing in pleading tones. He sighed figuring that she was eating too much set out a generous amount and then watched her eat seeing her eat half of the food then went to the water bowl lapping it several licks then ran out of the kitchen down the hallway which he saw her go up the stairs. He sighed and made himself a meal of oatmeal pouring two packages into a bowl and placed it in the microwave after filling it partly with water. He sighed to pull out the grape juice bottle eyeing it to see it was still partially full which he set aside on the table then grabbed out a spoon from a drawer and waited as the food cooked followed by the microwave dinging its sound. He took out the food then felt himself terribly hungry gobbled it all up by spoonfuls and placed the dishes in the dishwasher then grabbed the grape juice bottle to drink it till it was partially half empty. He placed it in the refrigerator then sighed recalling Lance telling him to do research on the town and surrounding area for hotels and information on Janel. He went to the computer in the living room and sat down after turning it on. Jinks waited as the computer came on then went on the internet finding his familiar search engine website there on it. Jinks sighed and began to work on finding information on Janel and her contact information, the town of Wethersfield, nearby towns and cities, the state of Connecticut and hotels in each of the towns and cities. He during his searching found a website on the local grocery store and examined it to discover that they did grocery deliveries to homes from people ordering food online which the items was paid by the person answering the door by handprint on the charger a device that registers the person and their money account by taking away the amount of money they had in their account to pay for the groceries. Jinks sighed and gave the website and its pages a through search finding groceries he needed which he set in an order and got a message saying that they would be delivered at an evening hour once his transaction was received. Jinks sighed and began resuming his search on his targets to find a familiar address for Janel he recognized as Roosevelt’s address in New York City along with a phone number with wording saying that her representative would deliver requests and messages to her. Jinks examined the computer’s options for print doing it and saw a device next to the computer turn on with a beeping sound followed by a piece of paper coming out of it. He yanked it out to examine the paper seeing it was a copy of the webpage which he sighed and got up figuring that he’ll hide it in the couch dresser next to the phone which he proceeded to do. Jinks went back to the computer and again resumed his target search. He found various information on what he wanted to know including that there were hotels in various cities that had websites which he checked on checking in and getting a room to discover that he could do this online and make a reservation using any identity he wished without any questions asked on who he was. Jinks exhaled a breath to eye the computer’s clock time finding that morning was gone and it was in the afternoon. He sighed and figured that he learned enough shut down the internet along with the computer and got up going to the couch dresser to pull out the paper from it. He read the phone number dialed it on the phone and held the phone to his ear listening for it ringing. 
He waited as a voice sounding female and Highlander like answered speaking “Secretary for Janel Knight speaking. How may I help you?”
Jinks spoke “Just like to know what Missus Knight knows of a male named Jinks Montreal.” 
He heard a gasp sound and waited hearing typing sounds followed by the voice speaking “Ah he’s the father of her two children and a family friend. That’s all I’m authorized to say sorry.” 
Jinks spoke “Alright does Missus Knight take private meeting requests?”
He waited hearing typing and heard the female speak “It depends on Missus Knight and whether their important to her.”
He spoke as the voice paused “Ok how you tell Missus Knight those requests from people?”
He waited to hear typing sounds followed by the voice speaking “Those requests are given to Missus Knight in various ways such as by phone call or written note or in person as requested by the person giving the request.” 
He spoke “Ok thank you for your information. I’ll call back at a later time with a request once I’m sure I’m authorized to do it.” 
He heard an ok comment then hung up the phone then stuffed the paper in the couch dresser folding it in half. Jinks sighed and eyed the clock to see that today was a class at the karate studio figured that he’ll show up for it. He went to the hallway closet to look inside to find his duffle bag in it along with karate uniform folded inside and black belt wrapped around it which he took out the bag and set it in the hallway. Jinks sighed recalling the number for the driver Lance Knight gave him in the mail and thought it was best not to use the driver due to how close the school was to his home. He went to the couch dresser to look inside finding his keys gone from it and figured that it was in his duffle bag. Jinks went to the bag and rooted through it finding his keys and wallet which he took out the keys then lifted up the bag carrying it to the front door unlocking it and mindful of Priscilla walked out locking the front door with a key. He felt himself filmed sighed to look up seeing a black ball in the corner with a red dot attached to it. He put away his keys and carried his duffle bag by a strap on his shoulder while finding the fresh warm air outside agreed with him making him feel better. He jaywalked across the road finding traffic light and avoided being hit by the cars by walking briskly across.
Jinks exhaled a breath pausing from walking to see the karate studio which he went inside walking passed Kui’s open office door only to hear her voice yell “Jinks, what you are doing here?!”
He sighed and turned around to face her standing in her office doorway as she spoke “You should be home resting.” 
He sighed again and spoke “I’m too bored to stay home not doing anything.” 
He frowned as Kui spoke “Well attending class seems fine but don’t expect Sensei Sun to allow you to join the others in doing her teaching. She’ll probably have you sit out the class watching it.”
He groaned softly to nod his head as she went into her office leaving the door open which he went to the locker room and changed into his karate uniform. He went to the studio room to find Sun and Sergei there in a middle of a whispered conversation and found himself the first to arrive. He sat down and began doing his stretching exercises while noticing the two teachers eyeing him while in the middle of whispering. Jinks once done attempted to swing up finding himself off balanced once he landed on his feet which he stumbled a bit but regain his balance. 
He sighed to stare at Sun who spoke “Show me the Kata you’re using for tournaments now.” 
Jinks obeyed finding himself off balanced with the kicking and sensed his hands and arms movements seemed off to him which annoyed him as he felt himself getting tired from doing the movements forced himself to finish the Kata with a bow towards the two teachers. 
He breathed hard through his mouth panting as Sun spoke “Nope you’re not ready for tournaments. Go home and get some rest but don’t walk you hear me? You look like you might faint away from the physical activity.” 
He groaned softly sensing himself too tired to argue as Sun ordered him out which he obeyed going to the locker room to find fellow students there which he sensed some of them staring at him from the feeling as he changed clothes and yanked out his water bottle to gulp part of it down then placed the bottle back into the bag and walked out of the locker room. He sighed and went to Kui’s office knocking on the open door. 
He waited staring at Kui who looked at him as he spoke “Mind if I use your phone? I have to call a ride to home.” 
He frowned as Kui held up the phone towards him which he dropped his bag and walked further into the room to take the phone from her and dialed from memory the driver’s number. He heard the familiar Highlander male’s voice on the line spoke his order for picking him up right away and the karate studio’s location. He heard his driver assure him of the pick up along with that the Highlander will enter the school to let him know that he arrived so he wouldn’t have to wait in the rain due to hearing the weather predicted to hit at the time. 
He spoke his agreement and hung up putting the phone down on the desk then heard Kui speak “Jinks, feel free to use a chair while you wait for your ride to arrive.”
He obeyed to sit down and felt himself falling asleep yawned several times while shaking his head and leaned back in the chair shutting his eyes. 
Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to find his familiar driver there doing it which he got up and went to his duffle bag picking it up and followed the Highlander outside to the car as rain fell softly. 
He got inside and leaned back after buckling himself in and heard the driver speak “I have to use another route to get to your home due to account for how heavy traffic is at the moment.”
He groaned softly figured that he’ll sleep shut his eyes only to open them when he felt a hand shaking his shoulder and the car still. 
He looked to see the driver who spoke “We’re here at your home. I suggest you run to your apartment a boom storm or thunderstorm as you First Ones call it, is predicted arriving soon.”
He obeyed to get out among the rain falling softly and found himself too tired to jog forced himself to walk as fast as he could to reach his porch and got on it to hear a boom of thunder followed by rain falling in a fast motion which he ignored unlocking his door and cued his senses to Priscilla finding she no where nearby as he locked both doors behind him. He yanked out his wallet and stuffed it along with his keys in the couch dresser then dumped the duffle bag into the closet. Jinks sighed feeling himself tired figured that he’ll lie down forced himself to go up the stairs taking his time slowly then went into his bedroom to hear a meow sound which he eyed the bed to find Priscilla lying on her side on his bed’s spare pillow. He sighed sensing her watching him as he yanked off his shoes then got on the bed lying down and pulled the blankets as he lied on his side over his head and shut his eyes feeling himself relieved to be sleeping. 
He dreamed of facing Lance who spoke sounding annoyed “Jinks, don’t you dare push yourself to do physical activities despite still recovering from the attack.” 
He groaned out “I’ll see what I can do.”
He got a black eyed glare along with being gagged on the throat as Lance spoke “I mean it with what I said, Jinks. Don’t push yourself with the karate. I insist you take your time and listen to people telling you on that or I’ll see that you’re knocked out cold just for you to get some rest get it?”
He bobbed his head in a yes gesture then felt his eyes forced shut followed by blackness as he passed out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noise rolled over ignoring the sound only to feel dirt ground with his body while wearing underwear shorts along with electrical humming sounds. He jerked open his eyes and groaned forcing himself to get up by karate swing move and found his balance back while feeling himself filmed. He looked around and spotted two familiar figures partially hidden by the darkness and scowled feeling annoyed with them. He heard the electrical humming stop followed by an overweight bald man wearing shorts entered the cage room and proceeded to attack him swinging meaty hands in fists at him. Jinks felt himself annoyed used his karate to attack the man and blocked the fists swung at him. He felt his strength not up to par by the way the man refused to go down. He exhaled a breath though his mouth and edged towards the cage wall hearing humming of electricity sounding and waited as the man struck a fist towards him which he darted out of the way and used the man’s momentum to push him towards the bars seeing success as the male hit the bars with form jerking followed by sliding to the floor with form still which he sensed life gone from him. Jinks eyed the figures to see one waved a hand and felt sleepiness shook his head and fell to kneel sliding to the floor going unconscious. 
Jinks woke up jerking open his eyes hearing the alarm blaring in his ear. He lurched into a sitting position to see that he was back in his bedroom in his apartment and eyed the clock seeing the time saying seven o’clock in the morning. He heard a doorbell sound loudly through out the apartment groaned and got up walking out of the bedroom going down the stairs finding his strength back and not tired from doing it. He peered through the peephole to see a male Human wearing some uniform there. He yanked open the door unlocking it and stared at the male showing relief in his eyes that held up a clipboard and a thin small square package underneath his arm. 
Jinks exhaled a breath as the male spoke “Delivery requesting your signature sir.” 
He unlocked the screen door and kept his senses cued to Priscilla on the stairs as he signed his name then took the package going inside locking both doors which he found the cat sitting in the hallway giving off a meow sound. Jinks went to the living room and ripped open the package finding a card to a hotel room. 
"You're to meet me at the hotel in Hartford." He found in a handwriting seemingly familiar to him.
He read the street name and hotel room number and read "You're to knock on the door three times and to take a cab to there instead of regular driving methods to arrive there at a time listed and to pack for two days and two nights stay." 
Jinks exhaled a breath figuring that Janel sent the package which he got up carrying the items to the kitchen tossing aside the box into the garbage then carried the hotel card and letter to his bedroom putting it in a dresser drawer figuring out that it shouldn’t be in plain sight. He exhaled a breath to pull out some clean clothes and went into the bathroom thinking that he’ll shower which he did after stripping himself of his current clothes. Jinks once done dried himself and put on his clean clothes. He put the dirty clothes into the laundry machine then went to the bedroom to put on his sneakers then pulled out the card and letter stuffing it in his jeans pocket and patted the pocket to look flat. He sighed and went downstairs to grab his duffle bag which he yanked out and emptied it of stuff tossing them in the closet and sensed Priscilla watching him from the hallway shut the closet door shut and hauled the bag to his bedroom to pull out clothing for two days stuffing it in the bag. He sighed and went into the bathroom to grab his hairbrush then went to his bag in the bedroom stuffing the brush inside. He carried the bag downstairs and eyed it on the floor shut it closed and stuffed it in the closet keeping the door shut. He sensed Priscilla watching him which he went to her food bowl to eye it and figured that he’ll give her more food so she wouldn’t have to complain about it empty while he was gone which he proceeded to do. Jinks sighed again and went to the refrigerator yanking it open to find items gone from it replaced which he sighed and began preparing a meal of pancakes cooking about six of them which once done he set them on a plate and went to get the orange juice carton. Jinks wound up putting the orange juice carton on the table then ate the food finding himself terribly hungry. He ate all of the food and drank part of the orange juice in the carton and once done put away the dishes in the dishwasher seeing it empty of dishes he put in previously. Jinks put away the orange juice then sighed hearing the phone ringing went to it picking it up and spoke his name. 
He heard “Dad, open the door we’re outside.” 
Jinks sighed hearing Lance Knight’s voice hung up the phone then pause mid walk to the door to glare at the clock seeing it was around eight o’clock in the morning. 
He thought to himself “What the depths are the kids doing here this early? Don’t tell me it’s got something to do with the package harrumph.”
Jinks went to the door peering through the peephole to find his children on the porch which he opened the door and saw black eyed glares on their faces. 
He spoke “Something I can do for you?"
Lance Knight he stared at instead of answering waved a hand and he felt sleepiness shook his head as he saw his son again wave a hand unlocking the screen door. 
He spoke as sleepiness persisted “Mind...the...cat...or...she...will...escape.” 
He shut his eyes and heard ringing sounding in his ear jerked up in a sitting position to find himself on the couch as the phone rang which he put a hand on his pocket to feel the card and letter gone. He groaned and swung his legs off the couch to see his duffle bag sitting on the floor open with items out and clothes folded next to it and a piece of paper on top of it in a folded position. 
Jinks sighed and went to the bag grabbing the paper to find it was a handwritten note in a familiar handwriting saying “You failed the hotel test I threw you in regarding my mother. Stay away from my mother period.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath finding the note wasn’t signed heard the answering machine pick up which he listened “Lance Knight here, answer the phone I want to talk to you.” 
He inhaled a breath and went to the phone and picked it up speaking in a rude tone "Lance-" 
He was interrupted by Lance Knight speaking “Stay away from my mother period. You chose karate so stick with it and leave my mother alone.” 
Jinks opened his mouth to speak and heard the dial tone in his ear. He hung up the phone and eyed the couch dresser to pull open a drawer to find the folded paper gone. 
He recalled the number dialed it and heard a female voice speaking sounding electronic “Phone dialing service is not available at this number.”
He growled an annoyed sound slammed the phone down. 
Jinks eyed the computer thought to himself “What about the internet service? That paper was a paper version of a website with website address listed on it.” 
He went to the computer turning it on and sat eyeing the screen and frowned seeing the internet service icon was gone from the screen. Jinks recalled the town library and remembered not getting a library card from them like the librarian said would send him one. He felt his annoyance take hold as he realized that his Mother had repeatedly cancelled the library card just to keep him from getting access to the internet service to find out about Lance Richard himself. Something that was shared with the kids themselves appearing to balk letting him visit the town library or get a library card. 
He felt himself annoyed realizing that and thought to himself “How did the kids figure out that I used the internet to find Janel’s phone number and find the paper in the couch dresser to take it away?”
He heard nothing but silence as his answer got up shutting down the computer to pace back and forth feeling himself furious with his son while his anger boiled within him snarled out a growl and stormed to the basement going down the stairs and attacked the punching bag hard using all sorts of karate motions while feeling himself fueled by his anger as he continued to attack the thing. He continued to attack the punching bag till he felt sleepiness and felt his motions become slower and slower as sleepiness persisted which he slid to the padded floor and shut his eyes while lying on his side. 
He dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “Alright Jinks, your son had someone called a hacker keep a record of what you do online the internet to show to him. Also your phone conversations with people have been recorded by a third party by the Master Organization which your son got a hold of the recordings and heard your conversation with Janel’s secretary which the number was changed.”
He growled angry hearing Lance’s words as the male kept talking “The internet service is the only way you could get the number along with information on members of the organization due to that your son took away the paper information and he ordered members in the neighborhood to not to have contact with you. I doubt those people will follow his orders due to seeing you as a vessel of me and leader of the Master Organization due to a rumor going around that you were seen changing into me something your son has failed to do despite people expecting him to do that.”
Jinks continued to growl angrily felt Lance’s hands on his forehead and chest felt himself becoming calmer that shocked him. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “As for your kids figuring out the package sent you and its contents, it's just a stunt played by your son who pulled this onto you and Janel. He was just testing your relationship actually. Janel didn’t account that her son got a tracking beacon in a necklace pendant sent to her appearing to be from you. She was tracked by people paid by your son to report on her moments which she was tracked to a hotel. The lobby clerk was bribed with money to say why she was there along with what she requested which your children figured out what she was doing went to your home and knocked you out to remove everything on contacting her including your internet service cancelled.”
Jinks continued to frown forming it on his lips as Lance continued talking “Also your children did a through search throughout your apartment looking for everything they could think of to take away which they took along with various papers on other things besides Janel.”
He saw Lance’s eyes turn all black that made him nervous as the male spoke “Oh you’ll get the opportunity to have the upper hand in this situation. Mark my words you will.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up to feel himself on his back and Priscilla sitting on his chest rumbling vibrations felt. He sighed as she walked off of him which he got up swinging to stand finding himself balanced. He sighed and eyed the cat seeing her go to the stairs and watched her go up them out of sight. He sighed to eye the clock with date on it to see it was the next day appearing to be in the early morning which he figured he might as well practice karate. Jinks went into his black belt Kata finding his body doing the movements as if they had a memory and doing it perfectly to his standards. He felt himself not tired from doing the Kata went into drills from recalling them from class which he practiced till he figured he did enough. Jinks went up the stairs to hear a loud meow and went to the door to find Priscilla scratching at the door it shut which he sighed figuring out that someone got her inside the basement to wake him up. He opened the door and watched her dart out going to the kitchen to the water bowl to lap water. He heard the doorbell ringing its noises sighed and went to the door after shutting the basement door. He peered through the peephole to see a Human female wearing some uniform standing there which he opened the door and stared at her seeing her uniform reminded him of a paramedic and saw she had a duffle bag in her hand. 
She he stared at spoke “Excuse me, Jinks Montreal? I’m Veterinarian Sherry Wilson here for examining the cat Priscilla as court ordered.”
He unlocked the screen door and stepped aside letting her in and shut the door behind her. He went to the kitchen following Sherry he figured he’ll call her to see her bent down holding her hand towards Priscilla who sniffed it. He sighed and watched as Sherry placed the bag on the table and picked up Priscilla to put on the table. 
He heard her speak “Would you mind holding Priscilla in place while I get out the scanner?”
Jinks obeyed putting hands on Priscilla’s back holding her to the table who continued to act interested in Sherry rummaging around in her bag till she pulled out a wand like device blinking along with a clipboard with a screen on it. He watched as Sherry waved the wand over Priscilla while glancing at the screen giving off an hmm sound. He frowned as she put away the devices then pulled out another device that looked like a small box putting it on the side of Priscilla’s flank which he heard a beep sound then watch her glance at it before pressing a button on it and again giving off an hmm sound. He continued to watch Sherry who ran her hands on Priscilla’s body not sparing her tail who didn’t complain to the touch. He frowned to keep his hands on Priscilla as Sherry put a hand on the cat’s head forcing open her jaw looking at the teeth and the mouth then lifted up part of the cat’s lip to examine her gum before letting go of her. 
Jinks frowned as Sherry spoke “Ok she seems fine and in perfect health. Have you noticed anything usual about her that seems odd?”
He recalled Priscilla seemingly eating too much food spoke “She seems to eat too much food from the food bowl being empty.”
He frowned as Sherry glanced at the bowls scrutinizing them then looked back at him before she spoke “She was brought to the vet hospital by this Owen O’Brien complaining about her using his rug as her personal bathroom and making a mess. I examined her after he left and found that she was starving due to how thin she was along with reacting in pain from being touched from her yowling. We found nothing seriously wrong with her bones but figured from the cat reacting in fear when one of us stuck a foot near her to keep her from leaving the room that she was kicked and was sore from that. Also she seemed to have no trouble using the litter box from examining her and she seemed to eat a lot of food from her starving state.” 
He nodded his head and spoke “What about this Owen? What’s going on with him?”
He stared at Sherry who spoke “Oh after we documented the abuse to the police they had a search warrant for Owen’s home and arrested him. They discovered that the litter box hadn’t been cleaned out for a certain time period along with several areas in the apartment the cat used as her personal bathroom.”
He felt himself glaring at Sherry who ignored his facial expression to continued talking “His kids talked after carefully worded questions that their father has been seen doing not appropriate things to the cat such as kicking her with his feet. The kids admitted that they were partially responsible for the cat’s situation. They didn’t feed her despite their father insisting that they do it along with doing the litter box chore.” 
Jinks spoke “Harrumph why did they adopt Priscilla in the first place if they don’t seem to care about her?”
He glared as Sherry formed a frown on her face and spoke “I suspect that the cat was something the kids wanted due to that their mother admitted that she rejected their requests for a cat saying that she was sure that they wouldn’t care for it properly. Hmph turns out she was right and now the kids are facing detention after school for the rest of their time at the school they currently attend on their mother’s request. What a shame that they turned out to be irresponsible.”
Jinks nodded his head as Sherry added “Nothing for me to do here. Priscilla is doing fine. You can let her go.” 
He obeyed to see Priscilla streak out of the kitchen going to the living room from taking the exit to there. 
He again heard Sherry spoke “Care to walk me to the door?”
He obeyed to follow Sherry to the door who paused to speak “Oh one more thing just to let you know that you might find having Priscilla only temporary. That’s due to that the state’s gonoid control will find a suitable home for her once this mess gets sorted out.”
He nodded his head and opened the door as Sherry added “Also you’re free to submit to the Tim Mayhews courthouse in Hartford, Judge Guard Kensington presiding over the case for a request to adopting Priscilla if you like. Just thought I would let you know of that.” 
Jinks spoke “OK I’ll think about that.” 
He watched Sherry leave the apartment which he locked both doors behind her and sensed Priscilla watching him which he saw her sitting on his coffee table in a crouch position giving off a meow sound. He sighed and went to the couch dresser where the phone was sitting on top and opened drawers looking for papers which he pulled out one having the McBroom and Associates logo on it along with address and phone number. Jinks dialed the phone number thinking to himself “I think I’ll adopt Priscilla but I got to ask the landlord for permission first.”
He waited as a female voice sounding Highlander like sounded on the line speaking “McBroom and Associates, how may I help you?”
Jinks spoke “This is Jinks Montreal.” 
He paused to hear a gasp sound continued “I would like to speak to McBroom himself if it’s possible.” 
He frowned as the female voice spoke “Actually McBroom is just the name of the lawyer group handling matters associating with law.” 
He exhaled a breath and spoke “Well I was recently given a female cat named Priscilla to care for due to she was found abused by someone else and that court case is ongoing. I’m calling to know if I can get permission to permanently adopt her due to hearing that she staying with me is only temporary while the courts settle her abuse case.” 
He waited hearing typing sounds followed by the female voice speaking “Ah I have to transfer you to an associate Augusto for you to further discuss this matter. Augusto is in charge of business related to the Sharon Lane apartment complex you’re currently living in. He should give you an answer so hold on a minute please.” 
He waited hearing clicking noises followed by a male voice sounding Highlander like speaking “McBroom and Associates, Augusto speaking how I may help you?” 
Jinks repeated what he told the female hearing a loud hmm sound to his name before adding about Priscilla and waited patiently hearing typing sounds sounding lengthy. 
He frowned as Augusto spoke “Unfortunately the case is currently in the decision phase for the judge to decide on the matter so I’m afraid you won’t be able to submit an adoption request.” 
He felt himself become sad hearing that as Augusto added “You do have permission to adopt a cat if you like. I can recommend some cat adoption centers for adopting one. Would you like to know this information?”
Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead and spoke “Thanks but not today. Will someone let me know when the judge decides the case and Priscilla’s fate?”
He heard “Certainly I’ll be sure to get word to you on this matter. Anything else you like to know?”
He spoke “No but thank you bye.”
He hung up the phone and groaned rubbing another hand on his face as he kept the hand on his forehead. He heard a meow sound followed by rubbing on his ankle of a cat head. Jinks removed his hands and looked down at Priscilla.
He spoke out loud “I sure am going to miss you Priscilla. You made quite an impression on me enough to want to keep you. Oh well I do hope that the judge decides that Owen doesn’t keep you and that the new home you go to is very caring towards you.” 
He sighed as the cat looked up at him and meowed which he saw her back appeared to arch and figured that she wanted attention which he bent down and gave her attention by scratching and rubbing her back with his hands. He sighed again as she gave off vibrations underneath his hands while looking at him with some look in her eyes that made him think she was happy. He sighed again as she ran off out of his hands which he felt himself hungry figured that he’ll eat something which he went to the kitchen and took out a packaged box meal from the fridge and took out the tray holding food. He stuffed it in the microwave and placed the box in the garbage can seeing it look empty. He sighed and opened the refrigerator to see a large sized carton of milk in it which he took out and set on the table and took out a fork and waited as the food cooked. He heard the ding sound took the food tray out and set it on the table and sat down. He ate the food and frowned recalling himself eating one meal a day and not hungry for more food after that.
He frowned wondering "If it was related to my non Human side in me?"
He shrugged and continued to eat the food then once done threw the tray in the dishwasher along with the fork. He sighed and grabbed the milk carton and opened it and gulped down some of its contents. He sighed once done and put the carton away in the refrigerator to hear the phone ringing which he darted to it to peer at the caller ID seeing Lizette’s name on it. 
He picked the phone up and spoke “Jinks Montreal speaking, yes?” 
He heard Lizette’s voice speak “Dad, how are you feeling?”
He heard an edge in her voice spoke “I’m feeling quite well enough for me to do things.” 
Jinks frowned as Lizette spoke “Oh I heard that you showed up for class looking like you were very tired and was doing karate terribly. Including looking exhausted which you fell asleep there and in the car ride to your home. I haven’t heard from you in awhile since that attack happened. You still have my phone number do you?”
He recalled the number recited it along with saying “I like to know how I can acquire groceries without leaving my home due to that my internet service is out.” 
He heard a cough sound followed by her speaking “Dad, my brother wants you to be active with things outside your home and not isolating yourself depending on people doing things for you. Sorry about the internet service, it was cancelled.” 
He exhaled a breath and spoke after inhaling a breath as Lizette paused “Fine what’s yours and your brother’s take on me competing again in tournaments?”
He waited hearing a throat clearing noise before she spoke “My take is go ahead and compete but focus on the sparring and skip the Kata and weapons. My brother’s take is the same on that. He’s hesitance on having you compete so soon after the attack due to thinking that you might get attacked again and wound up with an injury to keep you from competing permanently. Hold on a minute the butler is here.” 
He waited as there was a pause followed by Lizette speaking “Sorry I got to go.”
He frowned as he heard a dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone. Jinks exhaled a breath to eye the clock on the TV seeing the date and figured that there was a class today which he thought about going only to feel sleepiness sighed and went to the couch to sit leaning back shutting his eyes. He came to hearing the phone ringing its noises as night vision blared in his eyes sight. 
Jinks picked up the phone and spoke “Jinks Montreal and why are you calling me at this night hour?”
He heard “Sorry Dad but that was just to finish our talk.” 
He sighed recognizing the voice as Lizette spoke “What’s going on with you and your brother?”
He frowned as she spoke “My brother doesn’t mind me talking to you as long as he’s there to hear the conversation and doesn’t like it when I talk to you alone.” 
Jinks spoke as he recalled Lance telling him of a third party taping his phone conversations “You sure that your brother won’t find out about you calling me?”
He waited as he heard a banging noise followed by the dial tone in his ear. Jinks exhaled a breath hung up the phone only to hear it ringing again which he picked it up and repeated his greeting in a rude tone. 
He heard “I don’t find it amusing that my sister is talking to you behind my back.” 
He stiffened hearing Lance Knight’s voice in an angry tone as his son added “Just a warning to you and Dad. I’ll find out what secret you’re both hiding from me and believe me I’ll be furious about it so, don’t hide things from me or else. Oh Dad, you’ll find this phone number my sister gave you out of service next time you attempt to call her.” 
He opened his mouth and heard the dial tone in his ear. Jinks felt disgust take hold eyed the clock to see the time was nine o’clock at night got up and figured that he’ll go to bed. He went up the stairs to the bathroom and stripped himself of his clothes to put on his sweatpants and left his clothes lying on the floor which he went to his bedroom and got in bed eyeing the clock seeing the alarm was set for nine o’clock in the morning. He sighed and lied on his side throwing the blankets over his head and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks heard the alarm blare its noises woke up sitting up to eye the clock seeing the time was seven o’clock in the morning. He groaned figuring out that he was manipulated again to set the alarm clock to that time. He got up and went to grab some clothes and went out the bedroom to the bathroom which inside he picked up his discarded clothes and tossed them in the hallway. Jinks stripped himself of his sweatpants and showered then came out to dry himself followed by putting on his clothes and sneakers. He sighed and left the bathroom going downstairs figuring that he’ll eat something. He halted at the front door to hear the doorbell ringing which he peered through the peephole to see a male wearing a uniform that reminded him of police. He opened the door and stared at the male seeing him holding a cat carrier in his hand. 
The male spoke “Gonoid control. The judge of the abuse case decided that the cat will be adopted out of state. I’m here to get her.” 
Jinks groaned softly spoke “Excuse me what about her abuser?”
He frowned as the male spoke “Oh his case is still pending due to that the judge let the charges stand instead of dismissing them as requested. The case has been transferred to another court who’ll handle the matter. Now about the cat please.”
He nodded his head and turned around using his senses to find Priscilla who he detected was in the living room on the couch where he went to and picked her up. He got no protest from Priscilla but a meow sound that sounded like she was sad as he carried her to front door. 
He with a free hand unlocked the screen door and put Priscilla in the cat carrier then stepped back speaking “I hope her home will be caring for her. She made a very good impression on me to want to keep her but too bad I can’t.” 
He eyed the male who spoke “Don’t worry you’ll get over this. It’s quite common for people fostering pets to feel an attachment towards them. Don’t worry about her. She’ll be fine.”
He nodded his head and watched the male walk away out of sight. 
He exhaled a breath and thought to himself "I’ll empty out the litter box and the remains of her food and toss them out along with the garbage." 
Jinks sighed and locked both doors then felt his stomach rumbling in hunger groaned and thought to himself "I’ll eat first before doing chores around the apartment." 
Jinks went to the kitchen and ate a large helping of cereal out of the box along with drinking milk then once done went to the kitchen closet and found a dispenser for garbage bags which he took one out. Jinks went into the hallway to the bathroom and yanked open the door to find the litter box was where he thought it was and emptied its contents into the garbage bag and walked out to eye the cat’s food bowl finding it empty. He sighed and went to kitchen closet to pull out the garbage bin which he emptied its contents into the garbage bag. Jinks carried the garbage bag to the front door putting it down and went to get his keys which he held in his hand. He picked up the garbage bag and carried it outside then locked the door behind him with the key while feeling himself filmed. Jinks carried the bag to the dumpster dumping it inside it then sighed feeling the filming sensation continue looked around to spot a car toy on the sidewalk like five feet away facing his direction with a familiar box on top of it. He felt annoyance went to the car toy only to see it scoot away from him which he went to sidewalk to glare at the toy going around a corner of a sidewalk around a building out of sight. He felt himself annoyed went to his apartment to again felt the filming sensation which he sensed was coming from the camera dome ball in the corner of his porch. He exhaled a breath and unlocked the door with his key and went inside locking both doors. He heard the phone ringing went to answer speaking his name. 
He frown hearing a familiar voice on it speaking “Lance Knight here, get your seat to karate class today and obey what the sensei tells you period.” 
He opened his mouth to speak and heard the dial tone in his ear. Jinks hung up the phone and gave up a loud groan. He figured to himself that he’ll do some cleaning and put away the cat paraphernalia in the closet due to not having a cat and thinking it wasn’t a good idea to leave the stuff out for people to think he had a pet when he didn’t have one. Jinks got to work cleaning the litter box and the bathroom with cleaning supplies from the cupboard underneath the kitchen sink. He used the broom from the closet to sweep up cat litter debris and put the stuff in the garbage bin. Jinks once done with the bathroom cleaned the cat bowls then stuffed them along with the freshly cleaned litter box into the closet which he felt tired went to sit on the couch leaning back and shut his eyes falling asleep. He came to hearing the phone ringing its noises which he picked up speaking his name and eyeing the clock seeing it was one o’clock in the afternoon. 
He heard “Dad its Lizette, how are you feeling today?”
He sighed hearing Lizette’s voice spoke “I’m doing alright. Just doing some cleaning as in cleaning out the cat stuff I had for fostering a cat which I gave up today.” 
He frowned to hear her speak “Oh I heard about that.”
He opened his mouth and heard her speak in a louder tone “I’m on the phone with Dad so if you want to talk to him get over here and talk. I’m not getting up for you smarty.” 
Jinks spoke as she paused “Who’s your talking to?”
He heard a new voice come on the line “Hello Dad.” 
Jinks grimaced recognizing the voice as Lance Knight spoke “Hello Lance. What’s new with you and Lizette lately?”
He heard Lance Knight speak “Nothing but get yourself to karate class. Don’t bother walking to there. Use the driver and I expect you to do that.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath to hear a gagging sound followed by Lizette’s voice on the line speaking “Dad, don’t forget to take a shower before you leave. Cleaning litter box can leave a person smelling awful-“
He heard another gagging sound spoke in a firm tone “Lance, Lizette stop with the choking each other now. I don’t expect to hear this from the both of you on the phone with either of you so quit it. I meant it or I’m not going to share what I know of certain abilities so stop it.” 
He heard multiple throat clearing noises followed by sorry dad spoken in unison by both kids. 
Jinks spoke again “No more gagging each other while on the phone with me get it? So quit doing it or I won’t be forthcoming with certain things you want to know so stop it.” 
He heard Lance Knight speak “Fine just get yourself to karate class and use the driver period.” 
He opened his mouth and heard the dial tone in his ear. Jinks slammed down the phone and figured to himself that he’ll do what Lizette told him to do which was shower which he jogged upstairs heading to the bathroom. He showered thoroughly and then went to his bedroom to put on fresh clean clothes along with putting on his shoes. He exhaled a breath to hear the phone on his bed stand ringing its noises. Jinks went to it and picked it up speaking his name. 
He heard “Jinks, this is Kui Lee. Show up early today for a personal class with Sensei Sun and Sergei. Oh got to warn you that a representative of the Karate Federation’s president will be there to observe things. So show up as soon as possible.” 
He spoke “Fine will do.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and left the bedroom going to the hallway to spot his clothes piled on the floor which he sighed and stuffed them in the laundry machine then went downstairs to the hallway closet which he yanked out his duffle bag to find his karate uniform inside it and figured that he’ll take a cloth bag to hold the clothes and belt instead of the entire duffle bag. Jinks took out his uniform and belt putting it on the couch dresser then went to the kitchen closet to pull out a grocery store cloth bag which he took to the living room and stuffed it with his uniform and belt. He took out his wallet and put it in the bag then sighed thinking to himself on whether he should call for a driver or walks judging how close the school was. He exhaled a breath to stand thinking till he felt himself compelled to dial the driver’s number which he did and heard the Highlander on the line speaking. Jinks spoke his order for driving him to the karate studio right away and its location which he heard the driver tell him that he’ll ring the doorbell once he arrived. Jinks spoke his agreement and hung up the phone then sat on the couch staring at the TV’s black screen showing the date and time in white letters and numbers on it. He sat and waited as he heard the doorbell ring its noises sighed and went to grab his keys stuffing them in his pocket of his jeans then peered through the peephole to see his familiar driver there which he went to grab the bag holding his karate stuff then yanked open the doors which he locked the front door with a key and then followed the driver to the car. He sat inside and put on his seatbelt and leaned back staring out the window as the car drove to the karate studio and he got out walking inside. He peered into Kui’s office seeing the door open and found her on the phone ignoring him and appearing to not detect him there which he walked to the locker room and changed into the karate uniform and belt. He went to the studio room to find Sun and Sergei in a whispered conversation along with a male wearing a different uniform with a black belt on him that appeared to frown seeing him. He exhaled a breath to sit down and did his stretching exercises and then swung himself up before turning to face the three. 
He waited as Sun looked at him and spoke “Show me the Kata.” 
He obeyed going into it finding himself having no trouble doing it then ended with a bow towards the three to find Sun and Sergei in a whispered conversation as the male with the belt still had the frown on his face. 
He spoke loudly “Excuse me.”
Jinks got Sun and Sergei to look at him which he added “Some people connected with the karate federation called me on the phone and recommended that I focus on sparring for competing in tournaments. They also recommended that I drop the Kata and weapons just wondering what your take on this.” 
He again got a whispered conversation between Sun and Sergei with the male appearing to converse to them some comments. He didn’t hear what was said kept his mouth shut to stand with a frown on his face eyeing the three’s lips. He figured he might as well lip read what they were saying. He saw Sun look at him with a frown before putting a hand over her lips as the other two did the same which he frowned wondering how Sun figured out that he could lip read. He continued to stare at the three as fellow students filled into the room doing their stretching and karate all around him. 
Jinks waited as Sun removed her hand and yelled loudly “Line up for drills now!”
He obeyed getting to his familiar spot and did the drills along with the students as ordered by Sun while noticing Sergei doing face sticking in students’ faces which he found himself ignored by the male not doing it to him. Jinks sensed the black belt in the different uniform watching him do the drills by the feeling and senses alerting of that. He kept his mouth shut as Sun ordered the class to line up doing their tournament Kata. He found himself last in line waited till it was his turn did the Kata finding nothing serious wrong with his movements then got back in line waiting among the students. Jinks found class over with by Sun announcing it. He went to the locker room to exchange his clothes ignored by the students there. Jinks went to outside to find the driver had parked the car in the parking lot. 
He got inside and got told "I have to use the long way route to get to your residence due to how bad traffic is at the moment. It's impossible for me to get into the street to the side I want with bumper to bumper traffic."
Jinks spoke "That's fine. I might as well take a nap."
He heard nothing from the driver in response to shut his eyes finding himself unable to relax to sleep as rage hitting him abruptly. He felt himself angry recalling that he went to his college English class and saw that the teacher was giving him pitying looks during the teaching and remembered what went next clear in his mind. Jinks continued to remember that he found no home address for his mother among her personal things in the car at the junkyard and figured from the things in it that she was sleeping in it. He continued to remember along with finding her personal private information for money accounts with some letter with a logo on its letterhead and California address saying that they could only find room for burying an ash jar with a small tombstone marking the burial for the plot related to some last name he found was identical to his high school football coach. He recalled himself figuring back then that they were related tried to get in contact with the male about his mother and got no reply within the time frame the mortuary said they’ll hold his mother’s body till they burn it and use the ashes as some lawn fertilizer. He was forced to pay using his own money and his mother’s to get her ashes to the California cemetery for them to bury it in the plot along with paying for a tombstone with instructions on what should be carved on it only saying beloved mother and nothing else due to not knowing what year she was born or her original name. He remembered that she used various names over the years she raised him when traveling all over the USA and stuck with naming him Jinks Montreal when they first started living in Connecticut in Wethersfield after apparently stopped the nomad living life to his relief. He remembered with annoyance taking hold that he had to use a good amount of money to pay for his mother’s ashes to be transferred by plane to California and buried in the plot along with tombstone created which didn’t leave him enough money allotted to pay four classes he wanted to take to graduate within a time frame at the college along with money left over to pay for his necessary things such as meals. Jinks continued to stew feeling himself annoyed that he got no communication from the high school football coach despite sending letters asking him to talk about his mother and addressing his location including his Winsted address as well. He figured to himself that was how Roosevelt found him to manipulate him to mate with Janel and playing some joke trick on him. He continued as rage hit him recalling that he wound up knocked out after some old man he remembered now was sounding like Roosevelt in disguise talking to him about his father and his angry reaction to that talk. He fumed recalling that he was put in an insane asylum after that talk due to waking up in one. Jinks figured to himself that Janel with pity in her eyes seen back then must have convinced Roosevelt to let him out and have him see her as his wife due to that some website online said some stalker was targeting Mister Knight and she wanted to be safe while her real husband fought off the stalker. He leaned back in the seat forcing himself to mediate recalling what the doctor told him about Janel and his son after she was admitted to the hospital which he figured was another trick by Roosevelt who must have gotten rid of the stalker and wanted Janel back in his hands hence the joke played. He recalled the masked male in a suit in his loft apartment to realize with a start that the man was Roosevelt himself using a device with the mask to disguise his voice. Jinks breathed deeply forcing himself to calm while recalling himself waking up in Lance’s body and his reaction towards Janel once healthy enough to get up from bed. He figured to himself that it was some kind of drug taking effect within his body system that made him want to mate hence he doing it to Janel with her not resisting to him manipulating her to do the mating. Jinks continued to breathe deeply recalling that he used the bathroom’s entire facilities after done mating with Janel after she left him in there. 
He heard from the driver abruptly “I need to stop and make a call on the cell phone for its time for me to do it.” 
He didn’t answer wordlessly kept his eyes shut felt the car go into park along with the driver getting out slamming the door which he sighed feeling himself relaxing from the mediation opened his eyes and peered out the window at the driver who he saw was on the cell phone partially back to the car while standing in some retail store parking lot. Jinks frowned watching the driver pull the cell phone off his ear holding it arm length away from him while shaking his head in some human no gesture before resuming putting the device back to his pointed ear looking at the car then turned around back fully facing it. Jinks continued to watch as the driver’s conversation seemed lengthy followed by the driver putting away the cell phone and pocketing before turning around with some frown expression on the face and got into the car and started it up. 
He spoke “What was that call about? I saw how you handled that cell phone while talking on it.” 
He heard in response “Just reporting to my boss about not able to return to a location within an ordered time frame due to that accident on the road."
He heard nothing more from the driver as the male drove the car through Hartford due to an accident on the road blocking the desired street. Jinks found the driver driving various routes all over the Hartford city limits till entering Wethersfield to find the road clear of the accident which he was ordered out once reaching his apartment complex and obeyed. Jinks walked out and sensed the familiar filming sensation sighed from that to walk towards his apartment. To glimpse walking around a red wooden fenced yard three kids on the porch he didn't recognized two but saw the third was Track Lyons. Jinks halted his walk staring at the kids eyeing them with annoyance within him. He backed up and kept the fence hiding his form as he peered at them. He watched as the kids appeared to look around appearing to not see him which one opened the porch door and fiddled with it then slammed it shut along with appearing to yank at it before letting the doorknob go. He felt annoyance take hold as the kids darted in his direction appearing to be laughing which he walked into view to see the kids halt with shocked expressions on their faces followed by scattering in different directions running out of sight. Jinks felt himself further annoyed walked to his apartment door to fiddle with the doorknob finding it locked shut. He let go and with an Hmph sound turned to look behind him willing the Master through while standing with arms folded to focus his eyes on one of the fences opposite from the fence he peered around at sensing people there watching him. Jinks looked at the camera dome ball in the ceiling then looked away back at the fence feeling himself further annoyed for the people were too far for him to manipulate them with his Master powers. Jinks turned around and willed himself to calm along with waving a hand and saw both doors opened showing a black and white cat in the hallway that streaked out through the doorway in a blur and he stiffened from that but felt relief when he felt pressure on his shoulder along with a loud meow sounding in his ear and feeling a cat face rubbing the side of his head. Jinks groaned reached with both hands to remove Parrot he figured he'll refer the cat off his shoulder and adjusted the cat to carry he finding it was a she with one arm hand hold which he went inside locking both doors then went to the couch to sit adjusting the cat to stand on his lap. He stared at Parrot as he leaned back against the couch and frowned again as he felt her get onto his shoulder again rubbing her face on his head.
Jinks spoke out loud “How the depths did your owner stand having you doing that parrot behavior to them?”
He heard nothing in response sighed and felt sleepy eyed the clock seeing it was an mid afternoon hour and groaned shutting his eyes to dream of Lance Knight looking angry seated on a bench next to a seated Asian male smirking wearing a karate uniform grab the man by the head in quick move and jerked it as if breaking the male’s neck and saw the victim slid to the floor as if dead. Jinks saw the dream went black came to with a gasp hearing the doorbell ringing while having night vision in his eyes sight groaned sensing Parrot elsewhere in the room and not on him went to the front door to peer through using his powers seeing a female form wearing some head scarf and sunglasses covering her eyes while wearing a trench coat stiffened as his senses blared abruptly seeing a suitcase next to her along with her holding a purse. Jinks peered through the peephole to see the female which he focused on her lips sensing that they seemed familiar and again got his senses blaring which he figured was Janel herself left the porch light off and opened the doors gently grabbing her and her suitcase and pulled them both inside. He locked both doors and heard her give off oh sound in Janel’s voice tone which he sighed from being correct on his assumption. Jinks sighed as he saw Parrot standing on Janel’s shoulder sniffing her head while Janel was blindly feeling the cat. 
He spoke “Excuse me Janel, that’s Parrot a cat I was given I think. I found her in my apartment. She appears to habitually like to stand on people’s shoulders and has been doing it to me repeatedly. I don’t know how her former owner handled that behavior.” 
He went to Janel and removed the cat off who didn’t protest to that which he placed Parrot on the floor and rubbed the cat’s back then took Janel’s arm and grabbed her suitcase which he took them both to his bedroom. Once inside his bedroom Jinks spoke to Janel where everything was in the bedroom along with how to get to the bathroom blindly.
Jinks added "You would have to keep the light off until its door was completely shut due to its proximity near the skylight in the ceiling above in the hallway." 
He heard from Janel “Jinks help me put away my disguise will you?”
He obeyed taking her clothes from her she handed him putting it in the suitcase till she was naked and heard from her “Jinks shouldn’t you be doing the same?”
He sighed feeling himself getting the desire to mate from eyeing her naked body stripped himself of his clothes and shoes and went to Janel lifting her up. He carried her to the bed laying her form on top of it and sighed from feeling her skin touching his skin giving him feelings of pleasure hitting him as he laid his form on top of her. Jinks sighed again and rubbed hands on her breasts fondling the nipples hearing her sigh loudly from that while feeling her hands on his head massaging his scalp. He brought his hands to her sides and entered her thrusting in rhythm while feeling her liking it as he stared at her in the face seeing her eyes closed with some pleasant expression on it. Jinks felt himself spill inside Janel hearing her gasp loudly while feeling a charge of pleasure hit him and again felt himself still itching to mate proceeded to do it with similar results from himself and her. He adjusted his position till his face was level with Janel’s face and brought his lips to her lips kissing her lengthy sensing her kissing him back till she gave off mm sounds. 
He broke it off to stare at Janel who spoke “Hmm your good, Jinks. Lizzy doesn’t seem to care about us but Lanny is a little put out by that.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Janel refer their children by the names of Lizzy and Lanny as she continued to talk “I had to with a great deal of convincing to Lanny that I was fine despite the incident of myself being mentally insane. I went to home and decided to go to you for your better than anything else I need for my life anyway.” 
Jinks sighed and heard nothing more from Janel which he looked at her and sensed that she had fallen asleep. He eyed the clock seeing the time of eight o’clock in the evening and groaned feeling sleepiness adjusted his position to pull out of Janel and held her in his arms while shutting his eyes. 
He dreamed of Lance who had an all black eyed glare that made him feel nervous as the male spoke “Spill it Jinks, you got something on your mind so talk what it is now or else.” 
He groaned and spoke the entire contents of his dream involving Lance Knight getting no reaction from Lance and spoke “That’s about it.” 
He stared at Lance who looked away in another direction as he heard giggling sounds sounding familiar to him in that direction the male was looking turned his head to look only to get his eyes forced shut by Lance’s hand and didn’t glimpse the sound’s source.
Jinks came to hearing the doorbell ringing groaned loudly feeling Janel still held in his arms and heard her groan out “Drat that’s got to be Lanny doing it.” 
Jinks eyed the clock to see the time of six o’clock in the morning blared on it. 
He spoke recalling several incidents of Lance Knight catching them together “That’s ridiculous due to that he’s always never this late when catching us together. It’s got to be someone else so excuse me while I go see who it is.” 
He heard a groan sound from Janel gently removed her off of him and got up going to his sweatpants slung over the armchair in the room which he put on covering himself from the waist down. Jinks frowned hearing that the doorbell had ceased its ringing sound as he went downstairs to the front door and used his Master powers to see out the door seeing a familiar male with arms folded that looked up showing his face as Lance Knight with facial in a glare expression before resuming looking at the door. Jinks flicked on the porch light and the stairwell light along with opening the door only to see Lance Knight wave a hand with the Master in control and felt himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing the doorbell ringing found himself lying on the couch jerked open his eyes to glare at the TV to see it was six thirty in the morning but frowned as his senses blared which he eyed the TV’s date and calculated days figuring out that it was the next day since Lance Knight’s unannounced visit. Jinks groaned and went to the front door checking it out using the Master and peering through the peephole which he found no one out there opened both doors leaving the screen door shut due to sensing Parrot in the hallway which he went to his mailbox and yanked out a manila envelope and went inside the apartment locking both doors. He sighed finding the lights were off went to turn on the living room lights and yanked open the manila envelope to find a familiar paper.
Jinks read "Your to go to a tournament in Connecticut near the New York state border at the school for black belts as part of your requirement to win the required tournament to go compete in two more local karate federation districted tournaments before advancing to the next round of tournaments to compete in earning money prizes in the process of winning the titles. You're to present the paper forms included at the tournament registration at a morning hour of ten o'clock."
Jinks sighed and proceeded to get himself ready for the journey for the tournament which once done called his driver on his landline and told that he’ll ring the doorbell once arrived. He sat and eyed the TV staring its blank screen as Parrot got onto his shoulder again giving off a loud meow and rubbing her face on his head which he sighed and removed the cat off the area putting her on the couch next to him mindful of her shedding black fur to keep it off his white uniform. Jinks sighed hearing the doorbell ringing gathered his stuff and hauled it to the front door to yank it open staring with shock seeing Lance Knight there with arms folded whose eyes weren’t all black. Jinks frowned as Lance Knight’s eyes narrowed pointing a finger at his eyes and jabbed it at him. 
He sighed and recalled the Master in control willed it away and stared at his son who spoke “We need to spend some time together in private without interruptions of people so come on and I’ll get you to the car where its going to take us both to the tournament.” 
Jinks without a word got out of the apartment locking the front door and frown seeing Lance Knight manipulate the screen door lock locking it in its closed position as it was slammed shut. 
He felt himself annoyed with that as Lance Knight spoke “I heard something about kids in the neighborhood pulling some joke onto you with the screen door caught on recorders repeatedly. Here’s to hoping that they’ll get frustrated once they find the door locked enough to think of something else. The kids are being watched due to people's pass history trouble with kids in this neighborhood anyway.” 
Jinks frowned to nod his head and wordlessly followed Lance Knight to the car seeing it was a limo which once inside he sat and frowned forming it on his lips as the car drove driven by a Highlander driver. 
He heard from Lance Knight “Alright stepfather, I had my mother tracked via homing beacon placed hidden which I didn’t get the information of her location till nine o’clock in the evening after she was reported missing around seven o’clock. The kids wound up distracting me for hours due to them being on the sick side complaining of some stomachache making them hard to sleep. I wound up at a last resort using special abilities to put the kids and Niamah asleep so I could get out and get my mother away from you.” 
Jinks didn’t comment to his son’s remarks or the remark of referring him as stepfather despite Lance Knight being his son looked at him who continued talking “As for the tournament your competing in the karate federation has come up with the idea of having black belts win local karate districted tournaments back to back in a row three times for the right to compete in tournaments to earn money prizes. That idea was put in place by Papa when he held the position due to reports of people competing only to win a tournament to gain money for bettering their lifestyle instead of love of competing to be the best. Papa came up with that idea just to weed out people with that attitude and make it sure that only people who loved to compete were the ones who earned the money.”
Jinks didn’t comment kept his mouth shut as he stared at Lance Knight who paused to clear his throat which he figured that his son wanted him to talk spoke “Oh just curious is there any other tournament requirements to get to the highest tournament title whatever it is?”
He frowned as Lance Knight gave off an Hmph sound and then his son spoke “Actually there are tournament requirements for that. You have to win a certain tournament to gain the right to compete for the World Champion title that is the highest tournament and it only involves two fighters who fight for it.”
Jinks gave a head bob as Lance Knight continued talking “Lucky Lizette won all the tournaments undefeated including that title. She retired after the win to focus on her relationship with Jayden and she doesn’t have an excuse for fighting again due to having a son Takemura fathered by Jayden himself. I don’t know why she insisted on that name despite Jayden’s father known among the Master Organization as that name instead of some royal title for Table members to use among the lower ranking members of the group.”
He shrugged in response as Lance Knight looked away from him to appearing to stare out the window which he did the same looking at the scenery and sensed nothing from his son till the limo arrived at a parking lot and parked next to an identical sized limo but different color. Jinks got out following Lance Knight to the tournament place which he stood in line waiting to resister as his son walked inside the gymnasium he assumed was where the tournament was being held. He found other black belts getting into line behind him and noticed one staring at him intensively while feeling a headache which he eyed the male to see he had short black hair with an Asian look on his face. Jinks frowned as the dream of Lance Knight killing an Asian male flashed in his mind as the Asian continued to stare at him then looked away feeling the headache stopping which he eyed the male’s Human ears feeling his senses blare warning when his eyes fell on them. 
Jinks registered getting no protest from the woman went into the gymnasium sensing himself filmed to sit on the floor next to Lance Knight seated on the bench with an Asian male seated wearing a karate uniform and crutches next to him. Jinks let his mind wander as he stretched bare feet then once done swung himself up and put on his fighting gear and sat crossed legged waiting for the official to come up to him telling him who he was fighting. He eyed the Asian male who stared at him earlier to see him getting into a fighting ring without karate gear and frowned as the male instead of fighting put a hand on his fist in front of him and bowed towards his opponent then walked away going in his direction. He eyed the male watching him sit down next to Lance Knight who appeared to ignore him. 
Jinks felt a tap on his shoulder and looked seeing an official "You're up next to fight. So you should follow me to the fighter."
He obeyed finding himself in the ring with the fighter the Asian male forfeit his fight by the bow. Jinks felt himself calm despite being in the ring waited as the official gave up the word and fought his opponent easily knocking him down twice to win the bout which he was declared the winner by the official refereeing it. He found his opponent a willing participant on shaking his hands in good sportsmanship which he walked away going towards Lance Knight to see an angry look on his son’s face who was staring at the floor and stiffened as the male reached hands towards the Asian off his left having some smirk look on his face while aiming for the man’s head. He widened his eyes as Lance Knight was abruptly yanked up into a standing position by hands grabbing his shirt from behind which his son shook off to turn around with a glare. 
He saw the Asian that forfeit the fight get into Lance’s face appearing to speak normally which he paused from walking to lip read “Kill him and you’ll destroy your life giving your enemies what they want in the first place. Don’t you dare do it no mater how tempted.”
Jinks frowned as Lance Knight spoke appearing to be normal which he lips read “Who the depths are you actually? You seem to be aware of this mood of mine by actually being some mind walker.” 
Jinks walked forwards eyes on the Asian who formed a frown before speaking he lip read “The Human name is Tad Carlsbad and I don’t have a life except being used for people to gain money due to my Highlander Human hybrid status. A Human named Bo Huang is using me for betting on tournaments I win by gaining money from me winning. I have yet to see a single cent from the tournaments I’ve won which Huang said he’ll give me the money which he hasn’t.”
Jinks reached Lance Knight to put a hand on his son’s shoulder who looked at him with a glare shaking off his hand and speaking to him “Dad let me handle this. I’m the karate federation’s president. Just worry about competing.” 
He obeyed to go sit next to the Asian with crutches who wasn’t smirking instead seemed to have some glare on his face. Jinks sat and watched the tournament to abruptly look at the Asian next to him to see the male had a syringe in his right hand with wrist blocked by a bar appearing to be some cane holding the arm away from him. He saw the Asian look away with a glare on his face and did a double take look followed by appearing to hand the syringe to the cane’s owner which the cane he saw whacked the male on the head who jerked from that. He looked away seeing that the cane’s owner was gone and heard a familiar male voice speaking nonsense sounds on microphone frowned hearing that and eyed Lance Knight to see Tad gone as the voice stopped its chatter and saw his son looking confused go up to him to sit down next to him on the bench. 
Jinks turned as if compelled willing the Master through and spoke to the Asian looking at him with widen eyes while speaking words shocking himself “Bo Huang Junior, trust me and my people to help you with your problems.” 
He paused as Bo he assumed he’ll call him bobbed his head in a yes Human gesture which he willed the Master away seeing the male’s eyes again widen followed by looking away from him to watch the competitors compete. 
Jinks sighed feeling a tap on the shoulder from Lance Knight which he looked at his son who spoke “Dad switch places with me. I want to talk to Bo about something.”
He obeyed and sat eyeing his son have a whispered worded conversation with Bo by mouth near the ear along with them both appearing to have a hand covering their mouths to prevent lip reading from being done. Jinks looked away feeling a tap on the shoulder to see an official who spoke ordering him up come with him to a ring to fight which he obeyed finding himself fighting a male with dark skin and long braided hair pulled back who gave up a big fight fighting defensively to his offensive moves before he found an opening and knocked him down. He again got the same fighting attitude but felt himself using defensive moves along with his offensive moves which he again knocked down his opponent and was declared the winner by the referee. Jinks didn’t protest as the fighter shook hands with him then he went to sit next to Lance Knight who had a glare on his face which he frowned seeing that expression. 
Jinks heard from Lance Knight “That fighter you fought wasn’t supposed to meet you in the preliminary round due to already winning a fight and that other registered black belts seen hadn’t had a chance to fight yet.” 
He stiffened hearing that as his son continued “It’s against karate federation tournament rules to do that to fighters competing in tournaments regardless that they win a fight or not.” 
He shifted to look at Lance Knight to see Bo had eavesdropped by the expression on the face who formed a nervous look noticing him looking in his direction. 
Jinks leaned passed Lance Knight towards Bo and spoke “Don’t tell me your father had a hand in this stunt due to some gambling addiction problem he refused to admit enough to quit.”
He heard a growl from Lance Knight in a fast move put a hand on his son’s throat restraining him while still leaning towards Bo who appeared to gulp before speaking “My father since his election to the position in karate federation has been pulling this stunt for awhile as an attempt to rig fights to earn money through betting with the help of a mob gang bribing officials to do this. He also has been betting on me to win fights by forcing me to compete in tournaments using his parental authority to override my wishes to quit which he said that only a very serious injury diagnosed by doctor could do this quitting. My father blames your son for ruining his chances to win money due to rumor going around that your son has been the hand behind fighters getting injuries from mysterious circumstances they can’t explain after they defeat him in a tournament fight.” 
He formed a glare on his face and leaned back to glare at his son whom he spoke “Remember what Tad Carlsbad said and don’t you dare do it.” 
He got a confused look on Lance Knight’s face who spoke “Who’s Tad Carlsbad anyway? I don’t remember hearing anything from some guy named that.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and felt a tap on his shoulder which he looked to see an official telling him to come and fight which he stiffened as Lance Knight got up in the official’s face speaking in a loud tone “I don’t find it amusing having you break the rules making my father fight fighters who already won fights before all the registered black belts could fight so stop it now period.” 
He didn’t say a word eyed the official who appeared to gulp before the male spoke sounding nervous “Sorry I was bribed to do that to your father. Scuttlebutt is that someone wants him to lose a fight hence the bribery to throw various fighters at him.” 
He heard from his son “Don’t pull this stunt again on my father or on any of the black belts period regardless of bribed. You should have informed me of it and let me handle this situation.” 
He heard nothing from the official who nodded his head and walked off which Lance Knight sat down next to him eyes on the tournament who spoke “Hmph someone is desperate for you to lose hence this stunt played.” 
He eyed Bo who looked nervous that appeared to have heard Lance Knight’s words and looked away aimed at the fighters. He wordlessly kept his mouth shut about it eyeing the fighters fight till another official came up to him and told him come fight which he got the go ahead by his son pointing a finger at the male. Jinks obeyed and fought in the tournament easily defeating his opponents and reached the title fight to find his opponent was a familiar male with braided hair that made him fight offensively till he knocked his opponent down. Jinks figured from memory of the previous fight with the male and found a way to easily defeat him again for the second time to win the tournament and declared the winner by the referee. He went to his bag to stuff away his fighting gear to notice Bo hobbling on crutches away from Lance Knight with a pained expression on his face and appeared to be in terrible pain from the way he hobbled with his feet walking for him. Jinks frowned eyeing that went to pose for photos with the trophy and then went to his bag to put on his shoes and socks then stared at Lance Knight who got up next to him and ordered him to come along which he obeyed carrying his bag and trophy. 
Jinks followed Lance Knight to the limo to find a big Asian male dressed in a suit looking threatening by the glare on his face that pointed a finger at the other limo next to it and spoke loudly “My boss wants to talk to you and insists on that now.” 
Jinks frowned as he followed Lance Knight to the other limo to find the window was open showing an old Asian male and heard his son snarl “Master Mao Sing.”
He frowned as the Asian Mao he assumed spoke “Yes Mister Knight you got it correct. I should warn you that bad people are betting on the fights and seeing what they can do to get a fighter to lose a fight so take that warning handy. You never know what will happen for these bad people are quite desperate to get their money they’ll do anything.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the window rolled up followed by the big Asian getting into the driver’s side of the car and watched it drive away down the parking lot heard from Lance Knight a harrumph sound which he got into the car following his son and stiffened as his senses blared warning as the car started up. Jinks felt himself compelled to grab Lance Knight’s arm in a tight grip followed by finding himself lying on top of his son unconscious while hearing a roaring sound of a fire behind him. He looked removing himself off Lance Knight to see the limo was engulfed in fire and noticed nearby was the driver lying on the ground unconscious from the looks of it. He stood up looking around till his eyes focused on a limo nearby to notice it had stopped followed by the big Asian getting out looking in his direction then pulling out a device appearing to be a cell phone speaking onto it. Jinks focused on the Asian’s lips to discover that the male was speaking in foreign language due to not understanding a word said despite the lip reading. He looked down at Lance Knight that groaned shaking his head before resuming being unconscious while lying on top of a car door from the looks of it. He heard sirens and stood with arms folded as emergency crews arrived and attended to the car explosion along with attending to the victims and himself as well which he didn’t protest as he was insisted on getting into an ambulance which he obeyed. Jinks sat in the ambulance as it took him to the nearest hospital in Connecticut and he was examined.
Jinks was then told "I order you to go home. Let us take care of Lance Knight and the driver."
He used their phone to call for a cab and got a female Highlander who agreed with his request and told where to be waiting for the cab service. Jinks went to wait and got into the cab once it arrived with a familiar Highlander driver who mentally told him he was the cab despite other cabs nearby which he got inside and it took him to the apartment complex in Wethersfield. Jinks went to his apartment to find the door locked which he used his powers to open it along with willing them away and got Parrot on his shoulder and carried the cat inside along with locking both doors and felt himself tired went to the couch to sit leaning back with the cat on his lap and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of Lance. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Alright Jinks before you assume, Mao and his henchmen had nothing to do with the car explosion but its him who poisoned Roosevelt soon after joining the Master Organization."
Jinks stiffened of shock running through him as Lance continued talking "The car explosion was by someone else identified as Bo Huang hiring some guy to blow up the car. The driver fell asleep and felt a vibration on the car woke up to see someone running away which he wasn’t able to scan the man’s mind. The male ducked out of sight before he could do it. Besides Mao has some kind of weird attitude when it comes to karate that makes him seemed old fashioned and old school including encouraging poisoning to be done onto people. He has some hatred towards betting done in tournaments aimed at fighters. As for your son’s attitude, Mao was the one who taught Lance and his sister karate from the moment they were old enough to walk as in their personal teacher being the one who awarded them their black belts along with teaching them how to fight in tournaments as well. Your son’s attitude towards Mao is that Mao has emphasized of having Lance still see him as his Master in karate despite the teaching stopped and has kept it up towards your son despite not doing it to Lizette which your son is quite a bit miffed from that.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut came to hearing the phone ringing which he picked it up eyeing the caller ID seeing it was the hospital he was in. 
He frowned as the doctor on the line spoke to him "You as a family member of Lance Knight you should be informed that your son left the hospital without doctor’s orders. It's from needing to monitor him for a head injury and that they have contacted his wife to keep an eye on him if he shows any signs of head injury despite not showing anything at the moment." 
Jinks frowned spoke a fine comment then heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and figured that he’ll get out of his karate uniform and get it cleaned along with a shower which he proceeded to do getting himself into his sweatpants and a sweatshirt top he found in a drawer. Jinks eyed the clock seeing it was around dinner time figured that he’ll eat which he went to the kitchen and ate some food finding himself terribly hungry and went to the living room once done to sit on the couch leaning back eyes on the TV’s blank screen. He heard the doorbell ringing its sound sighed and went to it using his Master powers to find Janel not wearing a disguise standing there which he willed the Master away from him then turned on the lights and yanked open the door to stare at her. 
Jinks frowned as Janel spoke “Mind if I come in? Like to talk to you on something you should know anyway. It’s regarding our son Lance.” 
Jinks without comment unlocked the screen door and let her in leaving the screen door closed and the front door open which he stood in the living room with arms folded staring at her. 
Janel spoke “I get to the point. Lance our son has for years displayed some kind of negative attitude towards being in the hospital. He has refused despite getting injuries to go to the hospital or have anything to do with being there even if it’s for a charity or visiting kids with some medical ailments regardless it would brighten a kid’s day.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Janel gave up a sound of disgust followed by speaking “I have to confess that I have been asking our children to teach me some self defense moves involving karate which Lance has put me off saying he was too busy and Lizette has used the excuse of being too busy with her son’s care to bother doing anything.”
Jinks frowned took Janel’s purse putting it on the couch dresser and recalled some self defense moves for Janel to get out of grips of an attacker had her in proceeded to teach her the moves. His senses blared during the teaching and figured that Lance Knight was there from seeing him standing with arms folded watching the scene. 
Jinks twisted Janel till her back was to Lance Knight and spoke “Just stand there I’ll hit you from behind and I’m not going to give you any warning.” 
He stepped back and gestured towards Lance Knight to attack which his son proceeded to do and got Janel defending herself from the attack along with noticing his son get hit in the sensitive part by his mother which made him bend down groaning. 
Jinks heard Janel exclaim “Lanny sorry I didn’t notice that you were here!” 
Jinks eyed Lance Knight who showed black eyes followed by his son putting a hand on Janel’s forehead who formed a zoned out look and walked out of the apartment taking her purse which he ducked as his son’s leg swung at him. He found himself fighting defensively as Lance Knight proceeded to attack him using karate and Master abilities in control. Jinks figured by the expression on his son’s face and growling noises heard that he was angry with something and nothing would get him to drop the attack. Jinks kept the Master in control and proceeded to use karate offensively and defensively onto his son while using mental abilities of choking to fight Lance off who retaliated using the same ability onto him. He found Lance fought back till he was compelled to go to the basement ran away going into it slamming the door only to hear the door remain shut as he went down the steps and reaching the last one felt paralysis fell backwards landing on the stairs. He felt his eyes covered by a cloth abruptly and then blinked his eyes finding himself standing on the padded floor with paralysis gone from him along with feeling like he mated and his eyes not covered to feel a body ram into his back forcing him onto the floor. Jinks rolled around as the body removed itself and swung himself up to face Lance Knight that proceeded to kick at him this time still using Master abilities which he used karate to knock his son onto the floor hitting him kicked at him who blocked his kicking along with using moves to attempt to get him knocked down which he easily avoided dancing out of the way along with continuing kicking him. Jinks heard a doorbell sounding ignored the noise as Lance Knight got to his feet followed by compelled to go up the stairs to answer the door which he obeyed finding his son hadn’t followed went to the front door finding it open and saw a blond woman there he recognized as Niamah Knight by instincts screaming at him. 
Jinks opened the screen door and spoke as Niamah walked inside “He’s in the basement at the moment so wait in the living room for I’m not done having a word with him.” 
He got from Niamah sounding angry “Your word with him has ended for it’s my turn to talk with my husband period.” 
Jinks heard an edge in Niamah’s voice tone went to the basement door and yanked it open then turned on the lights along with pointing a finger and spoke “He’s down there.” 
He heard loud growling noises from within there along with sounds of the punching bag being in use as Niamah entered the basement which he sat down on the first of the steps and listened for noises. He heard Lance Knight’s growling cut off followed by a roaring sound along with sounds of his son crying in pain repeatedly along with roaring then noises cut off abruptly. He continued to listen as he heard Lance Knight’s voice yell the name of Niamah in some pleading voice tone followed by sounds that made him think it was involved with mating then a roar that didn’t sound angry to him as he got up and quietly shut the door making sure to not make any noises from that. Jinks went to the living room couch to sit and felt Parrot get onto his shoulder again with a loud meow along with rubbing her face on his head. He sighed and removed Parrot off of his shoulder and placed her onto his lap which she sat tummy sitting and rubbed her back only to get her back end rising up after each rub which he sighed figuring out that it was cat behavior doing it as he continued to rub the cat’s back. He heard a door closing sound followed by a yowl from Parrot who got off his lap and watched her streak underneath the armchair which he sighed and got up to see Lance Knight in the room with Master not in control having an arm around Niamah which he willed the Master away from him and frowned with arms folded staring at his son. 
Lance Knight spoke “Sorry about the fight Dad. Certain people and certain situations can rile me up enough to want to pick a fight with people despite them telling me off with words not to do it.”
Jinks recalled himself as a youngster throwing a tantrum fight to his mother and shrugged and spoke “I sympathize with that, my son I had cases of doing it myself as a youngster which is why certain people insisted I take karate just to learn discipline when it comes to anger.” 
He saw a frown form on Lance Knight’s face along with noticing Niamah elbow him in the stomach quite gently from the way she threw her arm. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Lance Knight spoke “Ugh ok Dad. I get it your point on what you meant involving karate. I’ll see what I can do to avoid getting myself into fights with people again despite being angry.” 
He nodded his head and watched as Niamah yanked Lance Knight’s arm off her and grabbed her husband’s hand and pulled him not protesting out of the apartment which he locked the screen door and gently closed the front door behind them locking it. Jinks sighed and exhaled air as Parrot got onto his shoulder again giving off a loud meow along with her face rubbing his head. He sighed and pulled Parrot off of him to carry her to the couch sitting down and leaned back with the cat on his lap tummy sitting which he felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance having an all black eyed glare on his face. 
Jinks felt himself nervous as Lance spoke sounding annoyed “Your son in question still hasn’t gotten the idea that he should be using karate and its teaching involving discipline to use words when he’s angry at certain people and certain situations. Something his karate teacher Mao recognized and got Lance to still see him as his Master despite the teaching done. Mao is using the Master title over Lance as a way of controlling your son whenever he’s angry. He’s still trying to get your son to get it that words solve problems than fighting with people when angry. As for Lizette she easily got what Mao was teaching her and she doesn’t have to see him as her Master. Lance is still having trouble with this teaching at the moment. It's from repeatedly thinking that fighting is the way to go when solving problems involving anger at certain people and situations.”
He felt his eyes forced shut before he could comment a word and came to hearing the doorbell ringing its noises sighed to eye the clock seeing it was evening and felt annoyance take hold along with Parrot he sensed elsewhere. He went to the front door to see a female wearing a trench coat and some kind of hat on her head and saw that she was wearing some kind of scarf along with sunglasses frowned to open the doors unlocking both to stare at her. He grimaced as he felt a stinging pain in his chest to discover a needle dart sticking in it along with sensing it came from the woman which he backed up and fell to the floor going unconscious. 
Jinks came to finding himself underwater still clad in his clothes along with feeling his ankles tied with chains and his wrists as well. He snapped off the chains and bent down stripping his ankles of the chains seeing some concrete block nearby him on the water body’s floor. Jinks freed himself and looked up finding himself in some crevice judging by the walls above him which he kicked himself up and felt himself falling backwards hitting a rugged floor with a start. He heard a cat yowl sounding familiar and sat up with a start to feel pressure on his shoulder along with a familiar cat meow sighed figuring it was Parrot along with finding himself back in his apartment which he gently removed the cat off of him and got up going upstairs to his bathroom. Inside he stripped himself of his clothes to go to the shower only to hear a shower running sound that confused him. He looked around abruptly finding the scenery was still a bathroom but held different items in it that seemed feminine. Jinks frowned but felt himself getting the urge to mate went to the shower tub combination stall and peered through the curtain at one end to see a female form with blond hair inside showering that made him feel more hard. He got into the shower with the female who’s back was to him and placed a hand over her mouth sensing her surprised which he thrust her front to the wall lifting her up with his other hand and entered her sensing her not resisting to that. Jinks mated with the female twice while feeling charges of pleasure hit him each time he entered her along with spilling himself inside her. Jinks once done pulled out and freed her to get out of the shower noticing her not paying attention towards him getting out. He stood in the bathroom to sense the scene changed to find feminine things were gone and the shower sounds gone which he exhaled a breath to get into the shower cleaning himself thoroughly. His senses blared once done to sense someone was in the bathroom with him but out of sight which he got out to dry himself seeing a blond Human female wearing a dress marking her of the Peasant group that appeared to ogle him judging by her widen brown eyes seeing his naked body form. 
Jinks once done with the drying put away the towel and stared at her as she spoke “Simon.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing that kept his mouth shut feeling like it was best not to talk period. He stared at the female who walked up to him and didn’t flinch as her hands felt his face along with jerking his head as her nails digging into his cheeks gave him pain as they scratched him. He eyed the female in the eyes seeing she seemed angry about something due to sensing it but kept his mouth shut as her hands went lower and lower to touch his sensitive part which he figured that she was going to scratch him there in quick moves got her back to the wall along with a hand on her throat in some near choke hold making sure she could still breathe. He bared his teeth while narrowing his eyes in a glare aimed at the female who released her hand hold on his sensitive part holding her hands up with a nervous expression in her eyes. He heard gasping sounds of shock to find the scene changed discovering the both of them in some living room with electronic equipment along with twin Human males wearing clothes of the Peasant group in the room which he clamped his mouth shut and glared at them. He eyed the males who got on one knee and bowed their heads then shifted to glare at the female who he sensed was still nervous which he brought his lips to hers and kissed her. 
He heard to his shock Lance’s voice speaking sounding in his mind “She’s expecting and implanted with a device that’ll get onto males’ sensitive part requiring surgery to get it off.” 
He broke off the kiss and spun the female around till her back was facing him and found the scene changed to find himself in his bathroom from the looks of it. He eyed himself in the mirror focused on his face seeing scratches on his cheeks and grimaced from that. He sighed willing the Master away from him and got out of the bathroom heading towards the bedroom which he found his sweatpants and put on his form then laid himself down on the bed shutting his eyes to feel the bed different along with a cloth covering his eyes and restraints placed on his wrists. He stiffened as he felt hands gloved touch his cheeks appearing to be examining them and then stiffened as some kind of object was placed over the scratches which made him groan from burning sensation felt which he didn’t protest to that figuring out that the medical procedure was removing the scratch marks. He continued to groan softly from the burning sensation that remained followed by feeling himself passing out unconscious came to dream of Lance who examined his face with his hands. Jinks frowned as Lance stopped his examinations to force his eyes shut which he passed out unconscious to come to hearing the alarm clock blaring which he jerked open his eyes to stare at it seeing the time of eight o’clock blared on it and it was morning. 
He sat up from the bed and reached a hand towards his cheek that felt like it was still smarting from the medical procedure to only hear a male voice sound in his mind along with a headache felt “Avoid touching your cheeks for two days straight and keep anything from touching them as well which includes clothes.” 
He lowered his hand feeling annoyance take hold got up from the bed thinking of showering which he left the bedroom to head towards the bathroom only to get that familiar voice speaking “Avoid showering for two days straight to allow the medical procedure done on the area to take effect.” 
He exhaled a breath went into the bathroom thinking of looking at himself in the mirror which he found the light on and stared at himself in the mirror finding his cheeks were free of scratch scar lines and appeared to look like they were sunburned to him. He scrutinized the cheeks as well as he could seeing that they still looked sunburned and with a sigh left the bathroom going downstairs hitting the kitchen thinking of eating. 
Jinks exhaled a breath again hearing the voice speaking sounding in his mind “Avoid eating for two days due to that chewing will affect the medical work done on the cheeks.” 
He sighed and went to the couch to sit and got Parrot on his shoulder who gave up a loud meow which he quickly removed to place her on his lap. Jinks stared at Parrot who sat on his lap tummy sitting which he rubbed her back only to get her back end rising after each rub. 
He sighed again and leaned back against the couch shutting his eyes thinking to himself "Exercising would be a no, no due to recalling about making faces whenever I did my karate which would affect my cheeks." 
He felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing the phone ringing which he jerked open his eyes to eye the TV’s date and clock finding he had passed out for two days straight and it was the third day which he grabbed the phone finding Lance Knight’s caller ID on it. 
He heard nothing from the voice as he put the phone to his ear and spoke “Jinks Montreal speaking.” 
He heard his son’s voice sounding angry “Don’t ever sicken my wife onto me in my business involving you again. Believe me you’ll pay dearly if you pull this stunt onto me again.” 
He spoke as Lance Knight stopped talking recalling something Lance told him “I think Mao Sing’s insisting on you seeing him as your Master is from him seeing you picking fights with people instead of using words to tell them off hence the Master title to control you and to tell you off that words is the way to go when solving conflicts.” 
Jinks heard from Lance Knight in response a profanity comment aimed at him followed by the dial tone heard in his ear. He sighed and hung up the phone only to get it ringing which he eyed the caller ID seeing it say Sun Dragon on it. 
He picked up the phone and spoke his name to get Kui’s voice on the line speaking “Jinks as a student of the dojo you’re required to show up for classes even though you’re competing in tournaments and holding a black belt. I insist you show up anyway. Sensei Sun insists on this which I agree with her.”
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Kui added “See you later today.” 
He spoke “Fine.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone to only get it ringing again eyed the caller ID to see it indicate Lizette which he picked up the phone and spoke “Jinks Montreal here. Impeccable timing for my phone has been ringing back to back after I hung it up talking to someone.” 
He heard a groan from his daughter who spoke “Dad, what do you know of some guy named Simon Idaho anyway? People in the Master Organization have mentioned him but have refused to further explain who this person is actually. They seem to indicate that he’s an embarrassment and forbidden to discuss very much.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke from memory of Simon Idaho in his mind as if put there he shocked to have it in his mind “He’s a guy from some Spanish language country called Mexico that came to the USA before the transfer which some female got a hold of him and had him become a citizen named Simon Idaho. He wound up undergoing surgery to get his face fixed to be twin to me and eye contacts making his eyes all black and he went around calling himself as the deity Master which people were fooled by that enough to pay for his lifestyle of living richly along with seeing him as some leader. I heard that he got into an argument with the Table members who stopped being fooled by him instead ordered the army to assassinate him which happened in my presence when he tried to order me shot. He wound up shot instead and is dead from that."
He clamped his mouth shut as he stopped talking to hear a faint crying sound followed by Lizette speaking sounding in a hurry “Sorry have to go. Takemura needs to be fed.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up only to get the phone ringing again which he eyed the caller ID seeing his son’s name on it groaned and picked up the phone speaking his name and adding “Impeccable timing for my phone has been ringing back to back after I hung it up talking to someone.” 
He heard from Lance Knight sounding calmer and less angry “What the depths do you meant about Mao Sing insisting on the Master title used to control me and telling me off to use words to solve conflicts instead of fighting when it’s obvious he’s doing it to spite me?”
He spoke “Excuse me would you kindly explain this spiting bit?”
He heard from his son “An example of that is it took me a whole year after Lizette got her black belt to be awarded one from Mao himself despite showing advancement in karate over her. Mao’s lousy excuse to awarding Lizette the black belt was she was easily getting his karate teaching and advanced enough when it was obvious she wasn’t. Also Mao balked on giving me a black belt using some flimsy excuse saying that I wasn’t advanced enough or getting his teaching. I later heard from Mom that Papa got into an argument with Mao on the black belt awarding balking towards me which I’m not sure what the contents of the argument were. Mao sometimes later had me compete in tournaments for my belt rank with oaths I would get my black belt if I competed just prior to each tournament which didn’t matter if I won or not for he always took back his oath and pulled this stunt along with balking for a whole year. I heard Papa got involved using some kind of threat of poison towards Mao who wound up awarding me the black belt in response. Mao wound up insisting on seeing him as Master and kept it up towards me despite not doing the same towards Lizette which I’m kind of annoyed from that. I’m not kidding when I say he’s doing this to spite me.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance Knight became silent which he spoke “Hmm when you say advancement in karate do you meant you being awarded belts by rank before Lizette gets her belt?”
He heard from his son “Actually Lizette always got her belts before I got mine regardless of rank which happened over and over along with Mao using various lousy excuses to not award me the belt whenever he awards my sister one which Papa I heard got involved after that and I wound up awarded a belt as a result. This happened over and over along with Mao refusing to explain to me what he really wanted from me to get a belt from him despite having Papa getting involved to force that to happen.”
Jinks recalled Lizette telling him something involving Lance Knight spoke “How did you and Niamah meet to get involved to have a relationship anyway?”
He heard a hiss of breath from his son who spoke “I met Niamah in high school while attending classes there and that it took awhile for Papa to accept her after it became obvious she was carrying my son which he insisted on me marrying her.”
He frown hearing the prideful tone in Lance Knight’s voice as his son continued talking “Oh lets just say that Papa had a hard time accepting that I was grown enough to run my own life despite the way he raised me with his beliefs.” 
He heard nothing more from Lance Knight spoke as his senses blared warning abruptly “Well that’s interesting but how well is Mao involved in the Master Organization due to being the one who taught you and your sister karate?”
Jinks heard a growl from his son frowned hearing the noise as Lance Knight spoke growl stopping “Thank you Dad for reminding me of something I should put in action as soon as possible. We’ll talk later.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone with a frown and felt relief hitting him as it remained silent which he removed Parrot off his lap who didn’t protest and got up figuring that he’ll shower and get himself ready for Karate class. Jinks went upstairs hitting the bathroom turning on the light and stared at himself in the mirror finding his cheeks were no longer looking sunburned but normal looking with no hint of medical procedures done on them. He brought a hand on his cheek to rub and felt the skin seemed sensitive to him from the touch. Jinks got into the shower after stripping himself of his sweatpants and then cleaned himself thoroughly and once done got out to dry himself then naked went out of the bathroom hitting his bedroom to put on some clothes on his form which he felt himself much better from that. He sighed and grabbed his shoes putting them on then left the bedroom going downstairs to hit the kitchen feeling he should take in some nourishment due to attending karate class later in the day. Jinks proceeded to make himself a meal of cooked cheese sandwiches and some fries along with making strawberry milkshake which he took to the dining table. He sat and ate the food finding himself terribly hungry along with gulping down the drink. He once done put the dishes in the dishwasher then went into the living room to sit on the couch seeing he was hours away from attending karate class. He leaned back to feel Parrot get onto his shoulder again sighed and removed the cat to place her on his lap. He felt sleepiness sighed and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who looked annoyed. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “The official story regarding Niamah and Lance is that he used his power abilities onto her and raped her getting her expectant. Niamah was blamed for getting expectant in the first place which the blaming was known to her but she hasn’t said anything about it in response. I believe that Roosevelt ordered her to keep her mouth shut with threats of poison used and accept Lance as her husband. As for Mao he has repeatedly accused Lance of using Niamah for his needs he wasn’t getting from Roosevelt as his father raiser which your son has denied it whenever accused. Also the  actual official story regarding Niamah getting expectant three times before some medical procedure done on her to prevent more offspring is that the carrying was a result of Lance raping her. This raping has apparently happened whenever Roosevelt his father raiser trashes him which has happened repeatedly. It was Roosevelt who had Niamah tied to prevent more offspring from happening. Oh Lance only rapes Niamah whenever Roosevelt trashes him along with holding himself back towards her sexually whenever he’s not trashed which she has to do her own thing onto him.”
He frowned hearing that as Lance forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing the doorbell ringing groaned eyeing the clock seeing it was near time for his karate class got up disturbing Parrot from his lap who gave a yowl and saw her streak underneath the armchair. 
He sighed and went to the front door to see a Highlander dressed in a uniform was there which he opened the door and stared at the male who spoke “I received a call from someone saying that you required my services for driving around including on where you’re going at the moment.” 
He spoke “Excuse me I need to get some stuff ready for this.” 
He went to the closet and grabbed a bag holding his uniform and belt which he took them out then got his keys and wallet then left the apartment locking the door which he wordlessly followed the Highlander to a sedan with tinted black windows. He got inside and buckled himself in then stared out the window as the driver drove it to the karate school which he was told that he’ll be parked in the parking lot waiting for him. Jinks didn’t comment a response got inside the school and went to the locker room to exchange clothes for uniform and belt which he put on then left to enter the classroom to stretch. He found himself the first to arrive there along with noticing Tan was there appearing to be having a whispered conversation with Sun as Sergei stared at him while he stretched. He swung himself up once done and to notice he was still the only student there and felt himself annoyed figuring out that it was a personal one to one class. 
He folded his arms with a frown as Sun and Tan finished their talk followed by Sun speaking “Show me the Kata now.” 
He obeyed going into the Kata finding himself doing the movements perfect to his standard then ended with a bow towards Sun once done. 
He kept his arms to his sides and frowned eyeing Tan who spoke “Mister Montreal do you know anyone named Mao Sing?” 
He spoke “From what I know he was my children’s personal karate teacher and the one who awarded them black belts.”
He clamped his mouth shut noticing Tan’s eyes narrow with a look in them that reminded him of suspicion before tossed to him by Sergei a Chuck weapon which he was ordered by Sun to do the Kata involving it. He obeyed doing his karate perfect to his standards then once done toss to Sergei the weapon then stood with arms still hanging off the sides. 
He frowned as Tan spoke “What have you heard about Mister Sing’s way of karate towards your children along with what else he has taught them on?”
He spoke “I heard from my son that Mister Sing seemed to favor my daughter, his sister over him when awarding belts and balking on doing it to him till his adoptive father raiser got involved and forced the issue. I also heard that Mister Sing has balked on giving my son a black belt despite doing it my daughter which again his father raiser got involved and the belt was awarded as a result. Also Mister Sing has my son view him as some kind of Master along with not doing it to my daughter as well. I figured that the Master view is from my son picking fights with people instead of using words to tell people off when angry which is something he was supposed to be doing from his karate lessons.” 
He clamped his mouth with a frown to again notice suspicion in Tan’s eyes whose mouth formed a thin line before the male spoke “Interesting view. Is there anything else regarding Mister Sing?”
Jinks recalled a karate tournament spoke “I met Mister Sing after a karate tournament. Saw him in a limo and my son’s angry reaction towards him known. Mister Sing’s subject of talk to the both of us is that people were targeting people to do bets in tournaments and doing anything to achieve their money. His limo drove away which the both of us got into a vehicle which wound up blown up by some detonator device but luckily we managed to escape before the blast along with the driver as well. I got the impression that Mister Sing is old school when it comes to karate and hates gambling period.”
He eyed Tan as he clamped his mouth shut who spoke “Interesting Mister Montreal.” 
He frowned as Sun spoke “Dismissed Jinks so come back again the next day. Don’t forget despite you competing in tournaments and having a black belt doesn’t exempt you from attending classes here get it?”
He spoke “Yes Sensei.” 
He walked away to notice Tan and Sun get into another whispered conversation again which he frowned to ignore going into the locker room to change into his clothes and shoes which he walked out going to the entrance to hear Kui’s voice halting him. 
He paused in the doorway of her office to hear her speaking sounding while on the phone “Absolutely not! Tan Lee doesn’t do personal lessons period regardless of how you pay for it. If you want a lesson from him sign up for the Sun Dragon Dojo for a yearly membership and attend classes period.”
He sighed as Kui noticed him and waved him away which he left the studio to go to the car finding the driver no where in sight which he figured was inside the car asleep. 
He knocked on the window with several raps to get the window open and heard “Car’s unlocked get inside.”
Jinks obeyed to buckle up his seatbelt and sighed as the driver took a long route to his home due to how bad traffic was. 
He at his home heard from the driver “I believe I’ll be in your service again later from the impression I got from my hiring.” 
He didn’t comment a response got out and went to his apartment to find the screen door unlocked which he sighed and unlocked the door with his key. He got inside shutting both doors and locking them to again feel Parrot get onto his shoulder with a loud meow heard from her along her face rubbing his head. He sighed and went to the closet to put away his bag and shut it while still feeling Parrot on his shoulder. He removed her off and carried her to the couch to sit which he placed her on his lap and rubbed her back feeling it arch underneath his hand. He sighed and leaned back eyes on the TV to feel sleepy shut his eyes to dream of Lance who looked annoyed. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Alright Tan Lee has some kind of suspicion aimed at Mao Sing as in Mister Sing using his status in karate to gain money and wealth something Mister Lee thinks is not appropriate to do.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Lance continued talking “Oh your son’s words just prior to hanging up is that he figured out that Mister Sing was using karate status for money to fund his lifestyle something Lance is torn on due to knowing that its not appropriate for people in karate to do despite doing it himself.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Lance formed an all black eyed glare making him nervous followed by the male adding “I get the feeling that your son is up to something bad towards Mister Sing which I’m not sure what it is actually. Hmph. Be warned that your son still has influence in the Master Organization despite you being the leader of the group which is from his face is twin to yours along with having similar power abilities too.”
He bobbed his head as Lance forced his eyes shut which he found himself floating above a limo driving in a street that parked in front of some Asian styled restaurant to see a male he recognized as Mao get inside followed by the car driving off a bit which he followed to reach a desert forest road. He frowned as the limo stopped abruptly followed by the driver darting out and then Mao darting out as the car exploded in fire. He watched as the explosion appeared to have hurt Mao who lay on the ground moaning loudly as he saw a figure came into view near him from the forest. He stiffened seeing it was Lance Knight having the Master in control that walked up to Mao to stand near him. 
He heard Mao moan out “Help me, Lance.” 
He eyed Lance Knight who spoke “Help you after what you’ve done to me? Such as balking on awarding belts which my father raiser had to get involved? Such as having me compete in tournaments with oaths that I’ll get the black belt only to take back the oath once the competition is over regardless of I’ve won or not? And such as having me see you as a Master despite not doing it to my sister even favoring her by awarding her belts and black belt as well?”
He eyed Mao who showed some fear look on the male’s face as Lance Knight he looked at raised a hand fisting it and heard a choking sound from the Asian shot his eyesight towards him. 
He saw Mao’s mouth move as he gagged which he lip read “You don’t get it. I can’t have you do what I did in karate which is using my status to gain wealth which I’ve seen from you hence the belt balking. I wanted you to learn that karate is for bettering your health and life instead of using it for money which I saw from you and you still won’t get it what I wanted you to learn.”
He saw Mao roll his eyes after shutting his mouth followed by collapsing form down onto the ground with form still. 
He eyed Lance Knight who smiled a smirk while still holding the fist up and then spoke out loud “Nice try but my powers are greater than you think for your dead period. I aim to see it happen anyway as payment for your unacceptable actions towards me.” 
Jinks looked at Mao who’s form remained still followed by Lance Knight coming into view to grab the Asian by the head and stiffened as his son gave it a snapping jerk hearing a crack sound followed by dropping the male’s body down before straightening up his form and walking away. He eyed Mao with a frown to see a white light come from his body followed by some ghostly form of Mao came out that appeared to see him to his shock by eyes focused on him. 
Jinks frowned as Mao spoke “It’s up to you now to teach him what he needs to know such as karate isn’t for money and for fighting isn’t for solving conflicts with people. Your son needs you whether he won’t admit it or not. You’re needed to father him and be there as a parent when it’s obvious he’ll will need you once the time is right at his greatest hour of need along with depending on you as well.”
He frowned as Mao floated away from going into the sky that was appearing to be cloudy as the scene changed to show Niamah getting into a limo alone with the driver slamming the door behind her that exploded in fire explosion as the scene changed to show Lance having an all black eyed glare on his face. 
Jinks felt himself nervous as Lance spoke “Someone has managed to record the scene of your son snapping Mao’s neck as in appearing to kill him which I suspect that they’ll blackmail him into doing something bad. So admit it Jinks what did Mao indicate to you? I sensed him talking to you.” 
He spoke recalling what he lips read from Mao and what Mao’s ghost form told him along with a scene of Niamah Knight getting into a limo that exploded in a fire explosion. 
He cut his talking to frown staring at Lance who spoke “Hmm interesting scenario.”
He didn’t comment as his eyes were forced shut in response to hear the phone ringing which he jerked open his eyes to see it was an early evening hour picked up the phone seeing Lizette’s ID on it. 
He spoke his name only to get interrupted by Lizette speaking with panic in her voice tone “Someone sent me a recording of my brother killing my former karate teacher Mao Tung Sing by neck snapping after he got out of an exploding limo!”
Jinks hissed a breath hearing that as Lizette continued sounding still panicky “Even worse Niamah Knight was seen getting into a limo that exploded in fire taking out the driver standing outside that is dead from that as well.”
Jinks again hissed out a sound as Lizette continued talking sounding upset “What’s worse is that Niamah’s body wasn’t found in the limo after the fire was put out which the coroner is balking on declaring her dead due to saying that she wasn’t in the vehicle despite people claiming to see her get into it. Niamah hasn’t been found and that the Police aren’t seemingly concerned to search for her in the city after it was obvious her body wasn’t in the limo despite it exploding.” 
He didn’t say a word as Lizette continued “I managed to get a hold of my brother via cell phone to tell him of what I saw via recording and what happened to his wife. His response was to give me a not appropriate language comment along with hanging up and has refused to answer his cell phone despite me calling him repeatedly. I don’t know what’s going on but I suspect that my brother had a hand in the deaths of Mao and Niamah due to that he didn’t seem shocked when I told him of what happened to his wife. He gave up a growling sound when I told him of what happened to Niamah along with sounding angry when he spoke his words.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lizette stopped talking to clear her throat which he figured she wanted him to speak. He felt a hand touch his forehead looked to see Lance Knight having the Master in control felt himself shutting his eyes which he came to feeling a hand patting his cheeks while in a squat position with chain manacles around his wrists. He jerked open his eyes standing up abruptly with a frown to widen his eyes seeing Niamah alive wearing a Peasant's dress in the color of white instead of blue to his confusion and looking upset while staring at him. 
He stared at her with a frown as she spoke “Jinks help my husband please. He mentioned to me that he’ll ruin my life if I interfered with his business in the Master Organization. I admit it I ordered someone to follow Lance with a camera recording his movements for awhile till he must have found out about it hence me here. Also it seems he’s obsessed with being the Master himself judging by the way he’s been acting along with treating me and our children as well. Just help my husband please.” 
Jinks frowned to look around the room recognizing as a familiar cave room that once held a white tiger named Jacinda which he broke off the chains and walked towards the room’s entrance sensing Niamah escorting him there. He reached the fence to stiffen as Lance Knight walked into view with the Master in control along with mouth in a thin line to stand staring at him with eyes narrowed. 
Jinks willed the Master through to fold his arms as Lance Knight continued to stare at him before speaking “Hmm interesting. We have the same face but different hair.”
He stiffened for the voice didn’t sound like Lance Knight despite the cruel evil tone which he sensed some odd tones in the voice. 
He narrowed his eyes with suspicion within him as Lance Knight continued “Ah I said I would come back from the dead for death can’t keep me down on a permanent basis. I aim to see my goals succeeded period.”
Jinks frowned as Lance Knight paused to give off a chuckle sound before Niamah spoke “You’re not my husband.”
He stiffened at her accusation to see Lance Knight shift to stare at Niamah he assumed before speaking “Hmph can’t fool you can’t I despite inhibiting this body form?”
He jerked with shock running through him as it dawned on him who was talking through Lance Knight which he figured was Simon Idaho. Jinks continued to stiffen as Lance Knight gave up a groan sound and bent down groaning while appearing to grab his head. 
He frowned as his son looked up speaking in a pleading voice tone “Niamah help me please.” 
Jinks waved a hand mentally ordering sleep to hit his son only to see Lance Knight hold up a hand while straighten up his form to speak “That trick won’t work on me.” 
Jinks again waved a hand without mental orders to see the gate fence slid aside as Lance Knight he saw shook his head while groaning loudly before collapsing onto the ground. 
He went to his son to kneel and heard from Niamah “We have to take him to the hospital.” 
He spoke “No hospitals.” 
Jinks again heard from Niamah “Jinks you don’t get it. It’s not Simon Idaho speaking but my husband from a head injury that wasn’t checked out properly. He’s in pain and needs our help to help him get over his fear of hospitals. He’s afraid of being in them for they remind him of mental asylums.” 
Jinks sighed and picked up his son to carry him while following Niamah who led the way to the elevator and got inside which he felt the thing move up then stop with a jerk followed by smoke filling into it bringing sleepiness. Jinks gently lowered Lance Knight to slide to the floor which he saw Niamah managed to get herself on top of his son to wrap arms around him and then he passed out unconscious to dream of facing Lance. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Jinks use the power abilities in control to mentally charge up your body of lightening zappers which will help you with freeing yourself from holds of hands or restraints. Don’t forget to mentally will the zappers away when done.” 
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut came to finding himself chained with feet dangling which he opened his eyes finding himself in a familiar cage room with various men outside holding long guns with glares on their faces despite the inky darkness behind them. He mentally charged up his body of electricity and found himself freed from the manacles around his wrists which he dropped to the floor landing onto his feet only to feel a fist connect with his front along with a grunt of pain as the fist withdrew. He mentally willed away the charging of electricity to see Lance Knight in front of him holding a fisted hand before attacking him with fists and legs swinging in karate moves. Jinks counterattacked using karate and managed to get his son into a choke hold on the neck with a hand. He heard gun cocking sounds found himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who looked all around him appearing to eye the men around the cage outside it. Jinks saw the scene went black found himself back into his body still holding Lance Knight in a choke hold around his neck as he heard dart guns go off heard an ugh sound from his son who jerked in his hand hold which he figured was darted by the men. He kept his hold as his son fell unconscious which he adjust his hand hold to lift up his son swinging him over his shoulder and carried him towards an opening in the cage to spot one of the men wearing goggles gesture for him to follow which he obeyed following in the darkness with night vision to an elevator. 
He went inside following the man to see him sign hand language appearing to be towards a camera saying “The Master is Jinks Montreal aka Lance Richard as proven to us. Don’t take us out please.” 
He felt the elevator go up followed by stopping with a jerk and stiffened from that but felt relief as the elevator doors opened which he walked out into the lobby of the building he recognized to be belonging to Roosevelt Knight. He followed a guard gesturing in sign language to outside to see an ambulance there which he got inside after putting his son down on a bed which the paramedics put restraints on Lance Knight then examined him by waving scanner devices over him. Jinks willed the Master away from his son by putting a hand on his forehead and then willed it away from himself as well which he gently rubbed his son’s forehead feeling himself needing to do it. 
He didn’t comment as the ambulance ride seemed lengthy and peered through the windows of the back of it to sense it was taking him out of New York City and eyed a paramedic with a frown who spoke “He needs care which the Zesky hospital can only give it.” 
Jinks nodded his head a short bob which he looked at his son and eyed him as the ambulance drove out of New York City to Connecticut shoreline town of New London where he figured was where the cruise ship Zesky hospital was docked on a permanent basis. Jinks during the ride sensed Lance Knight waking up who woke up with a glare on his face and gave off growling sounds. 
Jinks brought his face close towards Lance Knight’s face along with gripping his son’s fisted hand and spoke realizing what he wanted from him “I love you my son. I oath I won’t leave you as long as you need me to father you. I always will be there for you whenever you need me. Just trust me on when I say that a hospital will help heal you from your problems.” 
He stared at Lance Knight in the eyes seeing his words registering with his son who burst into tears uncontrollably with eyes watering and looking very upset. Jinks felt Lance Knight’s fisted hand uncurl to grip his hand in a tight grip as his son cried tears. He sighed and gently rubbed his son’s forehead while continuing to stare at Lance Knight in the eyes showing he was serious with what he said. He continued to keep his eyes onto his son who shut his eyes appearing to have fallen asleep followed by opening them but eyes not registering anything and sensed that he had fallen into a trance from the eyes not moving but appeared to be fixated on something in the ambulance. Jinks adjusted his position to sit up while continuing holding his son’s hand and having a hand on Lance Knight’s forehead as the ambulance drove to New London and finally reached the Zesky Hospital. Jinks at arrival saw his son’s eyes closed with some peaceful look on the face that appeared to be dreaming peacefully. 
He sighed as the paramedics hauled his son out of the ambulance with him following up a gangplank into the Zesky hospital which he followed till a male wearing army clothes blocked his way speaking “No visitors beyond this point.”
Jinks sighed and didn’t protest spoke “You have a waiting room for me to wait in?”
He eyed the male who appeared to be talking on some radio “Visitor at my location requesting a waiting room please come take him to one of the patient rooms for waiting as a patient is being tested at the moment.” 
He frowned as the male became silent while staring at him which made him frown further. 
He after awhile of waiting heard a throat clearing noise looked off his right to see female Human wearing army wear clothing and a gun weapon on her back spoke “Please come with me Sir.” 
Jinks obeyed following her walking a maze of corridors till they reached a doorway and he was gestured to go inside. He obeyed finding everything was similar as before when he last visited the Zesky Hospital as a patient which he went to sit down in an armchair. Jinks eyed the doorway and windows back and forth while figuring out that the tests were going to be lengthy. He heard a meow sound eyed the source to see a cat come into the room walking up towards him to sniff his shoed foot. He reached out a hand and recalled Sherry’s behavior towards Priscilla and held the hand up near the cat that sniffed it before rubbing her head on his hand. Jinks picked up the cat putting it on his lap that tummy sat giving off purring vibrations which he felt himself sleepy sighed and leaned back against the armchair shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance looking serious by the expression on the male’s face. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Alright Jinks I managed to get your son to talk to explain his behavior of appearing to be Simon and then himself which he admits its something he’s taken on to cope with the pain of his head injury without getting anything for helping him with it. He admits he’s terribly afraid of hospitals a fear that he picked up from his father raiser Roosevelt who passed it down onto him. Jinks, in order to parent your son along with helping him with crisis you may have to drop everything all around you to go do your parental job as in helping him till its obvious he doesn’t need it anymore. He seems to still need parental help something was lacking from Roosevelt not giving him that fully. Roosevelt instead used him as some object in the Master Organization to be seen as the Master and vessel of me. Your son admits that he didn’t want that in the first place and did what he could to avoid the status hence he raping Niamah after the first time Roosevelt trashed his attempts to get parental care from him. Your son also admits that it’s not the first time he’s raped Niamah which he kept it up after Roosevelt kept trashing his attempts to get parental care from his father raiser.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lance forced his eyes shut which he passed out unconscious to come to hearing Daddy spoken in a sad voice which he jerked open his eyes to find the sun was gone from outside with night vision in his eyesight. He looked at the bed to find Lance Knight on it awake speaking the word Daddy repeatedly while having panic in his voice tone. Jinks felt the cat gone from his lap got up darting towards his son to reach the bed grabbing one of Lance Knight’s hands and leaned over placing a hand on his son’s forehead gently rubbing. He sighed as Lance Knight’s eyes appeared to registering him followed by the panic look on his son’s face going away with tears again flowing from his eyes. Jinks gripped his son’s hand feeling it gripped back in a tight hold as he gently rubbed Lance Knight’s forehead in a soothing motion. He heard a meow sound kept his eyes on his son’s face that appeared to close with a peaceful look on it sensing he had fallen asleep. Jinks sighed and got into the bed with Lance Knight and adjusted his son’s position to lie sideways on him with his arms wrapped around the male. He shut his eyes figuring out that Lance Knight would feel much better from that gesture which he passed out unconscious to come to feeling purring vibrations on his chest. Jinks jerked open his eyes to find it was daylight along with Lance Knight gone but there was a cat tummy sitting on him who got up arching its back and walked off of him as he sat up with a start looking around the room finding his son no where in sight. He heard a meow from the cat eyed it to see the gonoid kept glancing at him and towards a direction which he looked to spot a doorway with door ajar. He recalled the doorway led to the bathroom which he got up and walked towards it to hear the sound of a shower running. Jinks frowned as he stood listening for the shower sounded lengthy to him and with a frown further stepped into the bathroom adjusting the door while standing near it eyes on the shower tub combination holding a white curtain that blocked his view of Lance Knight showering behind it. Jinks frowned folding his arms eyes on the curtain to hear the water turn off followed by the curtain swishing aside which his son stepped out not bothering to hide his sensitive part and stood staring at him with a look on his face. He eyed Lance Knight fully to notice that his son wasn’t as fully muscular as he was but appeared to look fit and healthy to him. 
He spoke “You look fine to me.”
He got a hiss of breath from Lance Knight who grabbed the towel and dried himself off followed by putting on clothes he recognized as the ones his son was wearing just prior to his admittance to the Zesky hospital. 
Jinks added “You want to tell me something? You seemed you wanted me to figure something out.” 
He frowned as Lance Knight paused from buttoning up his top after putting on his pants and underwear along with socks to look at him with the same look on his face before speaking “Alright the doctor says that my head pain is just headaches which he suspects it’s due to my mind being scanned. He refused to say why or how I got my mind scanned when there aren’t any Highlanders around to do it.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that figured to himself that he’ll ask Lance about it at a later time kept his mouth shut as Lance Knight resumed buttoning up his top and tucking it in his pants along with putting on his shoes. He didn’t comment as he left the bathroom once he was sure Lance Knight was done getting dressed and went to an armchair to sit leaning back. He sensed Lance Knight had followed him out of the bathroom to an armchair off his left which he heard a yowl from the cat frowned as the door to the room opened followed by a male wearing medical scrubs pushing some cart came into the room looking not surprised to see the both of them seated in armchairs. Jinks kept his mouth shut as the male he assumed was a nurse pulled out a tray holding dishware of food which he watched handed it to Lance Knight then again pulled out another tray holding identical items and handed it to him. Jinks felt himself hungry gobbled up the food along with gulping down the drink and once done waited as the nurse took the tray from Lance Knight and put it away then went to him which he handed the tray to. He leaned back in the armchair and eyed his son who appeared to have fallen asleep despite leaning back in the chair with head bowed eyes shut as the nurse left the room pushing the tray. 
“Roosevelt hated hospitals for the doctors always threw him in various tests some painful involving needle injections and it didn’t matter if he was there for a visit to help brighten some patient’s day. The doctors he complained about always pulled that testing stunt onto him whenever he was there and that started soon after he won public office. It didn’t matter if he used the H.I.V. status or not for their always pulling that testing onto him. It also didn’t matter if he was there at the hospital for me and my sister and our well being for the doctors always kept throwing him into tests.” He exhaled a breath as he heard from his son abruptly.
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response to feel sleepiness while hearing his son’s speak the word Dad repeatedly and becoming fainter and fainter till he shut his eyes and came to finding himself lying in a bed wearing just a hospital gown on his form along with an oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose blowing air into him. He felt his left hand was gripped by a hand which he jerked open his eyes looking around and focused off his left to see standing next to the bed looking concerned was Lance Knight who had his hand in a grip. Jinks frowned staring at his son who he brought a hand to the oxygen mask and tapped it while cocking his head and stared at Lance Knight feeling himself confused. 
He heard from Lance Knight in response “The knock out gas in the elevator you were in with me and my wife? The doctors say your body’s reaction is different from normal Humans’ reaction to the drug as in your body revolting to knock you out if you don’t get some kind of oxygen in your system to get the gas’s effects out of you.” 
Jinks bobbed his head in response to put his right hand on Lance Knight’s hand that was gripping his left hand and allowed himself to breathe the oxygen mask’s contents as he stared at his son who continued to stare at him back with expression of concern changing to relief on his face. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes came to hearing a phone ringing noise groaned loudly and jerked open his eyes with night vision in them to discover himself back in his apartment’s bedroom clad in only his underwear shorts. He exhaled a breath to feel himself too tired to answer the phone twisted his form to lie on his left side and adjusted the blanket till it was covering him all over and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Just to let you know that someone hidden with an obsession towards you manipulated you during a fight with your son to get some kind of mating sample from you just to put in females to breed offspring.” 
He groaned recalling something related to what Lance said fully in his mind as the male continued talking “Ah Janel managed to get into your home while the medics dumped you there. She wasn’t successful in waking you up till Lizette outside with her brother called you. I suggest if you want to pursue Janel just don’t do the relationship business at your home period. Just do it elsewhere instead. Your offspring will always find you both together at your home anyway so find someplace else to do this which I’m pretty sure it’ll frustrate your offspring once they find you and Janel not at your home.”
He opened his mouth to talk only to get his eyes forced shut which he came to hearing a phone ringing noise sighed and jerked open his eyes to find sunlight blaring through the open window shades of his bedroom. 
He frowned to eye the caller ID to see it said “Janel Knight.”
Jinks picked up the phone and cradled it to his ear and spoke “Jinks Montreal speaking, hello Janel.” 
He heard Janel’s voice on the line speaking ‘Jinks, what possess you to fall into some can’t be wakening sleep only waking up by something like a phone?”
He sighed and spoke “Janel, I suspect I’m not entirely human. Shouldn’t you be aware of that fact?” 
He frowned as Janel spoke “Yes I know of that, Jinks. I was aware of this by the Zesky hospital saying that you fell into some kind of sleep status that required you to remain like that which happened for twenty years. It distressed me that you weren’t around to help parent the kids due to how standoffish Roosevelt was towards them including flaunting our son as some vessel of a deity lord which I know its you actually.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Janel added “I have to go butler warned me of Lanny’s presence.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone then figured he’ll go back to sleep only to get a realistic dream of Lance gagging him on the throat while yelling at him “Wake up!”
He jerked himself awake to sigh loudly and got up from the bed thinking of hitting the shower only to hear the doorbell ringing loudly which he put on rugby top and jeans then darted down the steps to the front door to see a male there wearing a business suit with sunglasses on while holding a cat carrier in his hand. 
Jinks groaned seeing that opened the door as the male held up crumbled paper and spoke “The cat as willed by my aunt, goes to me, her nephew so produce him now.” 
He sighed and found Parrot underneath the armchair which he took out with no problems and hauled her to the front door she not protesting and put her into the cat carrier. He watched as the male left and then he shut the doors locking them thinking of going back to bed despite what Lance said to him. 
Jinks went up the stairs only to hear the doorbell ringing groaned and spoke “What now?” 
He went to the front door to find Lizette there with the familiar male behind her which he opened the door and frowned as she spoke “Boy you are gullible as said by my brother.” 
He stiffened hearing her words as Lizette continued “Lance warned me that you’re gullible hence he hesitating on having you, take the leadership position of the Master Organization.” 
He didn’t comment a response as the male behind Lizette gave up a loud sneeze which she added “Jayden, go to the car and give me the cat while your at it.” 
Jinks frowned as the male Jayden her boyfriend, he assumed handed her the cat carrier then she added “Aren’t you going to let me in?”
He unlocked the screen door and let Lizette into the apartment that got Parrot out of the cat carrier that darted underneath the armchair with a loud yowl sound. 
He frowned as Lizette put away the cat carrier into his closet then stood facing him while speaking “My brother says that you have lots to learn when it comes to holding the Master Organization leadership position.” 
Jinks didn’t say a word as Lizette gave up a Hmph sound and left the apartment which he slammed both doors behind her and locked them and felt sleepiness darted towards the couch to sit leaning back shutting his eyes which he dreamed of Lance having all black eyes. 
Jinks felt himself nervous as Lance spoke “Gullible isn’t the way to go when leading things around here.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut before he could comment a response and woke up hearing the doorbell ringing with night vision within his eyesight. Jinks went to the front door and used his Master powers to see out seeing a female holding a box in her hand and next to her was a male holding a syringe dart gun in his hand that darted out of sight besides the door. Jinks swore a profanity comment and darted up the stairs ignoring the repeated doorbell ringing sound. He went to his bed and tossed aside his clothes leaving them lying on the floor. Jinks got into bed and shut his eyes only to open them whenever the doorbell rang. He growled an annoyed sound as the doorbell ceased its ringing noise for good then he shut his eyes and passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who again had that all black eyed glare. 
He again felt himself nervous as Lance spoke “Hmph that daughter of yours is up to something on this gullible business.”
He felt his eyes forced shut in response as he came to hearing the phone ringing jerked open his eyes finding the sunlight dim through his windows with shades down. Jinks eyed the phone seeing the caller ID indicated Lizette which he picked up speaking his name. He heard a dial tone in response spoke a profanity comment then hung up getting up from the bed only to hear the phone ringing again. 
With a growl he picked it up and opened his mouth to speak only to hear a Highlander voice on the line speaking “The vessel regardless of status does not speak inappropriate language.” 
He inhaled air and spoke “I got told from Lizette that her brother spoke something inappropriate to her.” 
He heard “Actually he said this comment ‘Go to the depths.’ 
Something Lizette in question finds inappropriate for people to say to her.” 
He gave up a soft groan and then continued to hear “Do you know of the terms for Summerland and Underworld?”
He sighed recalling them fully in his mind as he spoke “Yes I do.” 
Jinks heard from the Highlander male “Deity is Summerland where souls rest while vessel is Underworld where souls don't rest. Don’t forget it period.”
He spoke “Fine I won’t.” 
Jinks heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and figured that he’ll go take a shower which he went into the bathroom dropping his underwear shorts into the washing machine and got into the shower washing himself thoroughly then once done walked out to dry himself. He once done with the bathroom came out and went into his bedroom going to a dresser drawer to find instead of rugby and jeans he found numerous folded black clothing which he discovered were various degrees of business wear outfits and found the shoes were all black and similar styled. Jinks felt annoyance take hold pulled out a t-shirt and pants which he put on his form with fresh pair of underwear shorts that stuck to his form in some highlighted feeling and put on black socks and shoes. He felt annoyed with the clothing as he went into the bathroom to brush his hair and stared at himself in the mirror finding himself looking sinister looking instead of innocence with some youngness look in his eyes. He finished with the brushing heard the doorbell ringing felt annoyance take hold darted down the steps to the front door with senses blaring warning. He used Master powers to peer out finding a box sitting on the porch which he opened the doors and stepped out to notice nearby hiding was a dart gun sticking out from behind a fence. Jinks eyed the box to see it was actually a cake sitting on cardboard from the looks of it. He felt his mood fouler as the dart gun was heard going off followed by his right hand plucking out a syringe from the air which he tossed to the brick wall off his right on the porch. He gave a glare willed the Master through to see the dart gun withdraw itself while hearing a gasp sound loudly. Jinks went into the apartment slamming both doors and locking them. 
He heard the phone ringing went to it finding Lizette’s ID on it picked it up speaking “Will you mind explaining what’s going on such as some joke of having people attempt to knock me out with syringes by firing them at me?”
He heard the dial tone in his ear gave up a loud growl and slammed the phone down then heard it ringing which he eyed the caller ID to see Lance Knight’s name on it. 
Jinks picked up the phone speaking “What the depths is going on with your sister and you as well so talk?”
He narrowed his eyes as Lance Knight’s voice was heard on the line sounding of Master in control “Spill it Dad what are you babbling about involving people trying to target you with syringes? I overheard you saying that to Lizette.” 
Jinks spoke the previous night’s contents and the contents of the day finding the box cake along with someone hidden trying to dart gun him. 
He paused from talking to hear faint choking sounds that became louder which he spoke “I’m getting quite fed up with the both of you playing that choke-me game on each other so stop it now.” 
He heard the choking sounds stop followed by Lance Knight’s voice speaking sounding like Master not in control “Sorry Dad, Lizette wants to talk to me on something excuse me while I hang up and hear what’s she’s wants this time.”
He heard the dial tone in his ear and frowned hanging up the phone sensing Parrot not in the apartment to recall he sensed her not in the home just prior to answering the doorbell. 
Jinks felt annoyance take hold went to sit on the couch and felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who spoke “Actually this Jayden is the nephew of Mao Sing who's dubbed Tung, who has a younger brother doubted Takemura in the Master Organization. This, will of his whatever it is actually named the cat to be given to the nephew who’s giving it to his father due to having some sickness from the gonoid.” 
Jinks felt his mood flatten spoke in a whining tone “I want Demeter.” 
He felt himself gagged on the throat by Lance who flared black eyes making him nervous “That tone is not appropriate so cut it now or else.” 
He gagged out “I still want Demeter.” 
He got cut off by Lance’s hand becoming more ironclad followed by Lance speaking “Demeter this Demeter that, who cares?”
Jinks heard “I do.” 
Jinks frowned wondering who spoken as his eyes were forced shut in response by Lance giving off a roaring noise off his right. He came to hearing the doorbell ringing loudly groaned and continued sleeping only to get from Lance a realistic dream of gagging him on the throat while yelling at him to get up. He obeyed once up to discover it was six o'clock in the morning on the TV’s clock and with a groan went to the front door to use Master powers to find nothing there which he opened the doors and used his senses sensing nothing serious willed the Master away then found an envelope in his mailbox which he yanked out. Jinks went inside the apartment locking both doors and switched on a light which he yanked out the paper from the envelope.
He read "You're to attend a tournament in a small town within vicinity of a major city dubbed Niagara in New York near the sea border."
He found a note included "You're to take the Master Organization’s personal plane." 
He felt annoyance take hold thought "I might as well go back to bed seeing that the tournament wasn’t for competing but for being a spectator to view." 
He threw aside the papers and switched off the lights and went up the stairs hitting his bedroom to get out of his clothes still keeping the underwear shorts on and got into bed only to dream of Lance looking angry. 
Jinks groaned softly as Lance gagged him by the hand on his throat and spoke “You’re attending that tournament period. You’re what’s called the headline act for kids to have their day happy by your presence. Don’t ask me on who started this ridiculous idea in the first place so you’re going period.” 
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut came to waking up with a start to find that only fifteen minutes had passed since he laid down which he got up and hit the bathroom figuring he’ll shower and proceeded to do then once done went to get underwear shorts and socks. He found his karate uniform in the closet folded in his duffle bag which he put on along with the black belt. Jinks felt himself hungry went to the kitchen to get a microwavable meal of food which he found himself terribly hungry ate two meals and gulped down from the milk carton. He put away the nourishment items in the kitchen then went to the couch to sit frowning on what Lance had in mind for him to get to the airport onto the plane instead of by chartered cab. 
He heard the doorbell ring in response as he went to find a Highlander wearing a suit there that spoke “I’m expected to drive you to the airport sir.” 
He spoke “Excuse me while I get some things.” 
He went upstairs and got on a pair of black shoes that the shoes looked sneakered like along with finding pockets for his wallet and keys in his karate uniform went to get them both then left the apartment locking the door following the Highlander to a sedan which he proceeded to snooze on the ride to the airport only wakened up by the driver shaking his arm. He found the plane wasn’t small sized but appeared to be regular jumbo jet sized and ordered to get aboard which he obeyed finding Human males having reverence like looks in their eyes aimed at him while wearing the Master Organization Army wear clothes on their forms. Jinks frowned as he went to sit and heard the pilot announce the take off and requesting people to wear seatbelts which he obeyed sitting down in an aisle seat to notice in front of him was a bag in a pocket he figured was for throwing up. Jinks found himself sick while the plane was in motion feeling himself feeling like throwing up grabbed the bag and held it up in front of him mouth over it waiting as the plane flew in the air with turbulence. He willed himself to keep his breakfast down despite feeling sick in his stomach. Jinks felt himself filmed during the entire plane ride till it landed in the airport as he gulped trying to keep his breakfast down. He felt relief when the plane stopped its motion and ordered out by an army man who he obeyed to find the sun had already risen above the horizon and a sedan waiting for him with a Highlander driver. Jinks snoozed in the car ride to the town he discovered upon wakening by the driver that it was a small town from the looks of it and noticed Master Organization influences in the vicinities of it by various people wearing Peasant wear along with shrines to Lance Richard. He felt himself filmed getting out of the car to meet the crowd in front of a High School building dubbed Lance Richard High School by the sign on front. 
Jinks discovered that the tournament was for kids below black belt who he found himself refereeing fights between kids including the title fight and posing with the winner for the trophy along with shaking hands with various people. He felt his senses blaring during the entire tournament along with touched repeated by various people that annoyed him. He felt fed up with the tournament and touching went out of the building ignoring people to find his driver standing in front of a limo parked in the fire lane of the high school which he frowned at the car changed got inside to see Lance Knight in it to his surprise. 
He frowned as Lance Knight spoke as the car was felt starting up and moving “Your terrible acting as the vessel due to letting various people touch you as seen by them doing it.”
Jinks frowned further forming it on his lips as Lance Knight pulled out a red baseball cap from his back pocket of jeans putting it on along with sunglasses and added “No one noticed me underneath this disguise.” 
He stiffened seeing Lance Knight disguised due to recognizing his son hanging around the tournament wearing jeans and a rugby top among the people and reason why his senses kept blaring whenever he eyed the male appearing to be watching him. 
He kept his mouth shut as Lance Knight added sounding like he had the Master in control “Those that noticed me unaware of my identity were told to bug off with me sounding like this.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response as Lance Knight removed the baseball cap and sunglasses showing him not having the Master in control which his son spoke “Papa has for years flaunted me as a vessel due to its reported that he had someone do some computer work on seeing what my face would look like when I was sixteen which results proved me to have the deity’s face.”
He eyed Lance Knight who kept talking “Papa when he raised me taught me that the vessel is seen as something nasty while the deity is seen as something good. Beats me why Papa came up with that idea anyway. I haven’t been able to find out from Papa on this vessel’s attitude due to that he’s been really tight lipped on it and has refused to explain about it Hmph.”
Jinks mentally thought to himself as his son became silent “Hmm I think I’ll ask Lance about this once I meet him when I get the chance.” 
He heard a throat clearing noise from Lance Knight figured that his son wanted him to talk which he spoke “Well that’s interesting learning about that from you.”
He heard a hiss from Lance Knight and kept talking “By the way someone got into my home and exchanged all of my regular clothes into some all black look. My regular clothes were something you’re wearing at the moment.”
He heard nothing more from Lance Knight but a frown look on his son’s face as he added “The clothes were something I habitually wore thanks to my mother when she raised me buying my clothes and insisting I wear them period along with wrecking my attempts to wear something else instead. The wreck ups were from her stealing the clothes from my dressers and replacing them with the clothes she wanted me to wear despite me buying them with my own money from jobs and allowances. This style of rugby top and jeans started soon after the transfer from Earth to Shadan when I was a ten year old. Mother refused to let me wear anything else regardless of what style was popular back then even in school. She even balked having me wear shorts and a t-shirt when the weather required for it but let me wear some hooded sweatshirt top with zipper for the cold times but anything else she balked. She did let me wear uniforms related to sports when I was doing them for gym classes in schools. The only sport Mother would let me do was karate before I went to High School. Then she pushed me to join the football team and kept on talking me to do it which I wound up joining the team and played football the entire time the sport was in season while I was in High School.”
He paused to clear his throat and stared at Lance Knight who spoke in response “Interesting. Papa when he raised me didn’t seem to care if I joined other sports besides doing karate when I was in High School. I competed on the wrestling team when it was in season in High School and competed for it the whole time I attended High School and wound up winning the state championship title in my senior year despite having some loses in the other years.”
Jinks didn’t comment as Lance Knight kept talking “Oh Lizette when she was in High School competed in this team sport of soccer which the team won a state championship title her junior year. She played some part related to defense as in helping the goaltender keep the ball out of the goal her entire time she was on the team despite the coach rearranging players to play other positions each year she was in High School.” 
He spoke as Lance Knight paused “Interesting hearing that. I’m still curious as to who replaced my clothes in my home like I said. Plus my mother’s reasons for me to keep I in this rugby top and jeans look was kept secret from me. She refused to explain to me why I had to wear the clothes despite the both of us getting into arguments about it. She used parental authority as a reason to why I had to keep on that clothes look and even used that to end the arguments.”
He heard a hmm from Lance Knight as he paused then his son spoke “I suspect the clothes exchanged happening to you was from my sister due to that Papa had me wear all black clothes the moment it was obvious I had the deity’s face when I was fourteen years old starting High School and that’s when the flaunting me as a vessel started among the Master Organization. Papa refused to let me wear anything else color wise but was lenient on what kind of clothing style I wore as long as the color was black.”
Jinks frowned as Lance Knight kept on talking “I was known in High School by the nickname of Black Knight among students when they talked to me due to my all black look including using my last name in the nickname. The teachers when they want to discipline me would use my last name with mister included but other times it’s just my name of Lance.”
He kept his mouth shut as his son continued talking “Also the wrestling coach used that nickname during practice with others on the team and kept it up. I heard from the coach that he was trying to get my opponents from other schools nervous about competing with me in matches by use of that nickname to indicate I was something undefeatable. 
That nickname bit wound up taken up by announcers announcing me competing in matches as in saying ‘Here's Black Knight!'
They refused to say my name of Lance Knight instead would say that nickname. The coach’s idea worked partially of the time due to that some opponents when they competed against me were able to defeat me when it came to competing for a spot in the state championship title match. I lost two years in a row kept from able to compete in the state championship title then junior year I wound up competing in the title match but lost due to some controversial call by the referee. People said after the match that I should have won period and said that the referee was playing favorites due to that the guy was reportedly a former student of the High School my opponent competed for.”
Jinks frowned as Lance Knight paused to clear his throat then his son continued “As for the referee in question I heard some driver ran him over in some hit and run in broad daylight which the driver hasn’t been found despite some pathetic hundred dollar reward offered and people hanging around in the area have claimed to have not seen what happened. The referee wound up wheelchair bound for life as a result which people have said it was payment for him being a dirty referee due to reports of him favoring people from his former high school to win matches and declaring them the winners through controversial calls. Also the wrestling federation for High Schools issued that referees alumni of a school couldn’t referee a match with one of the opponents currently going to the high school their alumni of. In senior year I won the state championship title due to fair refereeing and that my opponent was some junior who competed undefeated in matches. It took reportedly an hour for a winner to be declared despite the referee declaring me the winner and that other referees hanging around had to view the match via recording on a TV to make sure that the referee’s call was good and not blown. They kept up this recording analysis for a full hour in some private room before coming out and saying that I won the title. This is something that is still ongoing for state title matches in wrestling from what I heard.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his face as his son paused again and gave him a narrowed eyed look with some suspicion in them which he figured Lance Knight wanted him to admit something. 
He spoke “Alright I admit it when I was growing up my Mother never breathed a word about the Master Organization group or its deity Lance Richard to me or that I was considered a vessel of the deity. I didn’t know a thing about the group till I wound up in this body form. I wound up hearing from Roosevelt your father raiser admit that he was a descendant of Lance Richard himself to explain why he had certain power abilities he displayed in front of me a few times.” 
He clamped his mouth shut to frown while staring at Lance Knight who spoke “Papa did the opposite of what your mother did. He had the Master Organization and its deity beliefs flaunted in my face as soon as I started talking as a kid including going around flaunting me as the vessel of a deity thanks to come computer saying I would have the deity’s face. Hmph he didn’t have me get involved into the Master Organization till I was fourteen years old is when he started the involvement.”
Jinks recalled something involving Lance telling him about his son’s treatment towards his wife Niamah which he spoke “You want to admit something about you getting involved in a relationship due to hearing something that involved you rebelling against your father raiser’s expectations as a vessel?”
He narrowed his eyes to see Lance Knight’s eyes turn all black as he did the same which his son spoke sounding angry “Don’t ever ask me that again period so drop the subject now.” 
He spoke as his son stopped talking “Fine so anything else I should know being the vessel of a deity since I’m apparently clueless?”
He heard in response the driver’s voice speaking as the car halted its movements “Mister Knight we’re here as you ordered.” 
He saw Lance Knight will away the Master as he did the same and saw the limo was in a parking lot of some retail store and frowned as he heard from his son “Get out and go to the car now.”
Jinks eyed his son who gave him a glare which he got out of the limo and shut the door then stood watching as the limo drove away out of sight. 
He frowned to look around while hearing rumbles of thunder to see a sedan with dark tinted windows stop near him followed by a Highlander wearing a uniform getting out and walking up to him speaking “Sir you better be Jinks Montreal due to that I’ve been in this parking lot for two hours waiting for you to arrive.” 
He spoke as the Highlander stopped walking to stand in front of him “I’m Jinks Montreal so drive me home then.” 
He heard from the Highlander “Actually it’s to the airport where there’s a plane waiting for you.”
Jinks spoke “Fine.” 
He didn’t say anything else as the Highlander led him to the car which he got inside and buckled his seatbelt and stared out the window as the driver drove him to the airport which he found the familiar plane waiting for him and got into it to sit down. He again felt the familiar sickness hitting him as the plane flew through violent turbulence repeatedly over and over as he struggled not to throw up till the plane landed in the airport and told to get out by an army man. He obeyed to find a car waiting for him who he got inside and its Highlander driver drove him to Wethersfield as he peered out the window at the scenery. He felt relief as the car stopped at the apartment complex and got out going to his apartment hands in his pockets to feel annoyance take hold when he felt his wallet and keys were gone from them and realized that someone pickpocket them out due to some people at the tournament were bumping into him on purpose. He exhaled a breath and proceeded to use his Master powers to open the doors and then walked inside locking both doors along with ditching the shoes and karate uniform into the closet. He went upstairs clad in his underwear shorts and socks to the bedroom which he yanked out some sweats in the color black putting them on after exploring the clothes in the dresser for what they were. Jinks felt tiredness hitting him yawned abruptly and laid his form onto the bed on his stomach and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Alright Jinks, your son’s reason to his father raiser when it was obvious that he had Niamah expecting was that she came onto him and refused to take no for an answer and that he doesn’t hurt females period. Oh Roosevelt somehow figured out that your son was rebelling against him hence Niamah carrying his child and him refusing to break off relations with her despite told to do it.” 
He didn’t say a word as Lance’s eyes turn all black making him nervous as Lance continued talking “The unofficial reason for your son having a relationship with Niamah and married to her is that she was sympathetic to his complaining to her about his father raiser’s treatment and that both were just friends at first with no indicating on pursuing a relationship.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Lance continued “Your son wound up friends with Niamah due to that he was seen in the hallway by her punching a locker after High School finished session for the day and looking furiously angry about something which was related to some students bullying him about his one colored clothes look calling him nasty names in his face. He wound up taking out his frustrations onto a locker causing some damage which it was belonging to one of the bullying students as a way of retaliating against them for the teasing. Niamah when she caught him doing it didn’t announce her presence instead left him alone then the next day she introduced herself to him during a break between classes and kept up being friendly with him despite him teased by various students about his clothes and color he’s going around wearing. He and Niamah were friends for awhile even their parents knew of the friendship by them both visiting each other’s homes in the city.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Lance showed human blue eyes making him stop feeling nervous as the male continued talking “Your son had managed to go to Niamah’s apartment soon after Roosevelt trashed his attempts to get fatherly love from his father raiser publicity at a meeting of Table members and unstopped by guards who noticed that he was looking upset about something and thought it was best to leave him alone. Unfortunately Niamah’s parents weren’t home at the time your son arrived to there which he complained about Roosevelt’s behavior towards him then Niamah unexpectedly kissed his cheek and said some comment that she’s there for him is when he revealed the power abilities’ eye change. For some reason Niamah didn’t seemed frightened of that when he flaunted the abilities to her which she told him she accepted him having them and that’s when he got her onto the floor and raped her twice. He used his power abilities he knew of at the moment to threaten Niamah to keep her mouth shut when he was doing the sexual act. He also threatened Niamah to admit being responsible for the rape if she wound up carrying which she hasn’t done anything to protest that. Niamah from what I know of her was the one who insisted on your son marrying her with Roosevelt backing her up in that demand.”
Jinks spoke as Lance paused “Then what’s with my son telling me about the vessel known to be nasty while your known to be opposite of that?”
He saw an all black eyed glare from Lance and got his eyes forced shut in response which he came to hearing the doorbell ringing and eyed the clock seeing the time was around six o’clock in the evening. He sighed and got up going downstairs to the doorbell to find peering through the peephole was a female wearing some goggled eyed wear, head scarf and trench coat along with suitcase with her. He sighed figuring out that she was Janel opened the doors only to get her quickly pulling out a syringe and injecting it into him through his sleeve when he touched her on the arm. Jinks felt himself passing out unconscious came to hearing a phone ringing jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position to discover lights were in the room he saw was some hotel room. 
He frowned as he heard the phone behind him picked up followed by a familiar voice speaking loudly “Thank you for the wake up call. Let me know when someone inquires about me thanks.” 
Jinks twisted his form to find Janel in bed with him who put away the phone and spoke to him “The facilities are off your left in the doorway around the corner. Believe me Lanny is known to use them after he gets knocked out by sleeping drugs.” 
He didn’t comment a response got up noticing himself still in his clothes darted into the bathroom once he found it. 
Jinks came out once done to eye Janel lying in bed with a blanket up to her chest but the rest of her seen were bare. 
He sighed and spoke “How did you managed to arrange this without our kids knowing about it?”
He heard from her “I got connections, Jinks. So shouldn’t you be doing something about your clothing?”
Jinks sighed and stripped himself of his sweats and shoes discovered on his feet and stood naked seeing Janel look him up and down with approval in her eyes and expression. He didn’t comment a response instead got into bed with her and adjusted his position till he was on top of her gently and kissed her on the side of her neck while hearing her sigh loudly. 
Jinks heard from her “Your good, Jinks.” 
He smiled a smirk between kissing her neck and trailed kisses to her lips which he ravaged then broke it off to adjust himself as her legs parted allowing him entrance which he entered her and felt charges of pleasure each time he entered her making him happy. He heard Janel sighing repeatedly along with seeing her eyes roll with head up which he brought kisses to her neck during bouts of thrusting and spilled himself inside her with a jerk. He heard Janel give off a soft moan as he jerked from the intense charge of pleasure hitting him and sighed loudly while again feeling himself still hard enough to mate. Jinks did another round of mating with no protests from Janel who remained still as he did the thrusting motions while again feeling the familiar charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He gave off a loud sigh once he spilled himself inside her and adjusted his position to look at her in the face as she lowered her head with eyes still shut. He felt Janel’s hands on his shoulders go lower and sighed when they found his nipples and played with them by the feel seeing a pleasant expression on her face as she opened her eyes. 
He stared at Janel as she moved her hands to the back of his neck along with wrapping her legs around his legs' back and speaking “The kids don’t seem to get it that their parents belong together anyway.” 
Jinks found himself agreeing to Janel’s words lowered his head and kissed her on the lips then broke it off to stare at her again as she added “Roosevelt for some unexplained reason treated Lanny as some prized object once it was apparent he inherited your face which was made known to me when he was fourteen years old. I admit it I had the car you and Lanny were in rigged with listening devices."
He sighed softly as she kept talking "Besides Lanny managed to figure that out and kicked you out of the car. In answer to your question, Roosevelt wound up insisting to our son to go around with this black clothing look but I talked him out of on what sort of clothes Lanny should wear as flaunted as the vessel. Lanny in response went around wearing all sorts of black clothing in different styles including some that seemed to be some look of a punk rocker with awful music which he kept for awhile even wearing the proper jewelry to go with it. Oh Roosevelt put his foot down when Lanny turned sixteen on what sort of clothes’ style he could wear which the musician look was dropped. I heard from a servant awhile back when Lanny was sixteen that someone in Scotland told Lanny about the sort of clothes you were seen gone around which he copied you and went around wearing some rugby top and jeans as his normal clothes.” 
He sighed as Janel paused to narrow her eyes which he spoke “My mother when I was age ten gave me clothes of rugby top and jeans and had me wear them as I was growing up to adulthood just prior to her assassinated when I was in college."
Jinks heard Janel hiss "Roosevelt had something to do with that assassination. I know it from his heavy influence in the Master Organization."
He sighed and spoke in response "My mother refused to let me wear anything else besides those clothes and even stole other styled clothes I bought with my own money out of my dressers when I wasn’t home and had them replaced with that clothes style. I for reasons out of habit of wearing the clothes kept them up even when I attended college and after she was dead as well.”
He paused to frown as Janel spoke “Well the clothes style Lanny wore copying you while he attended school was later made known to Roosevelt who found out about it mysteriously unexplained to this day. He wound up again putting his foot down and insisted that our son wear something else which the clothes of business wear top and dressy pants was insisted and he wore them. I heard that some kids, students wound up making fun of Lanny wearing the clothes. It's due to thinking he was poor and on a scholarship due to that the school lets kids very smartly enter it on scholarships. The kids thought his clothes were the same thing he was wearing despite them identical.”
Jinks frowned hearing that forming it on his lips as Janel kept talking “Lanny was seen on recorders punching a locker belonging to one of the bullying students causing quite very bad damage enough to bent the locker with another student seeing him later identified as Niamah Shea who was later his wife that didn’t do anything to stop him doing it instead walked away.”
Jinks didn’t comment as Janel paused to clear her throat which she continued “The school’s officials had Lanny punished for the locker damage by giving him three days detention which he served during summer session at the school insisting on the date he serve the punishment. They also kept a lid on the detention to the teachers and students including who damaged the locker to the custodian who replaced it with the students not alerted of it. The school’s officials wound up insisting to Roosevelt to send Lanny to Zesky hospital for tests after one of the officials showed him the recording of the locker damaged by our son and said that the locker was made out of a very strong metal alloy that even a normal Human wouldn’t be able to bend it by fisting which our son was able to do. Roosevelt balked for awhile doing that hospital recommendation till Niamah wound up expecting our son’s offspring which her expectant status was blabbed from her parents to Lanny’s father raiser and me. That was due to her mother was said to reportedly caught her daughter crying in her bedroom two weeks after the mating and got her to talk what was upsetting her which Niamah said that she was carrying and pointed out our son as the father and refused to say who was the responsible for initiating the mating.”
He frowned hearing that as Janel continued talking “Actually Roosevelt was forced to have Lanny go to the Zesky Hospital due to Niamah’s parents blabbing to the school that their daughter was carrying and pointed out our son as the one who fathered the offspring. The school forced Roosevelt to agree to the hospital recommendation for tests which was done on Lanny. The Zesky hospital found through test results done on him including physical tests that he has some very strong strength stronger than a normal Human would have. They also said he would be an ideal candidate for donating services for creating offspring through Highlander females but refused to explain how they found out about it or respond to my asking if he would have to mate with a Highlander female for that to happen. Scotland is the one that said to me about that Highlander issue after I got the test results from the Zesky hospital. Also Lanny has to this day refused to tell me what the Zesky Hospital did to test him or anything to indicate him capable with Highlander females to create offspring and has always thrown a tantrum whenever I bring it up.” 
Jinks groaned and pulled out sensing Janel paused and released her holds onto him. 
He spoke after adjusting his position to lie on his side next to her on her back “Alright I admit it I’m capable of creating offspring through Highlander females due to having such a thing happen which some Highlander lawyer back then told me of it and told me to refrain from mating with the species anyway.”
He noticed Janel’s eyes narrowed which he added “Also the strong strength must have been inherited from me. So let me guess, our son told Roosevelt that Niamah was the one who was responsible and he let her had her way onto him. Unfortunately Roosevelt found out otherwise that our son was the responsible party by him refusing to break off the relationship with Niamah am I right on this?”
He stared at Janel whose eyes remained narrowed followed by her speaking “Correct on what you’re talking about Jinks. I suspect that Lizette told you the official story about Lanny anyway due to that she admitted telling you this to me at a private talk in the ladies room at some restaurant on nights I’m to eat out with her and our son. Also I’m not sure if you know of this but Niamah a week after the pregnancy was known to our son was the one who insisted on marriage to Lanny with Roosevelt backing her up which they were married privately by a judge after the birth of their son. Lanny kind of balked the marriage issue as long as he could till a month after his son was born was when Roosevelt forced the issue threatening to legally have him emancipated from his parent ship and not have him get anything or money from him if he didn’t marry Niamah which he proceeded to do via a judge with his father raiser there. The school I have to add was quickly alerted of Niamah’s situation once her pregnancy was confirmed and already had the proper medical technicians on hand to handle it. That’s due to that the school a year before transfer to Shadan had some nasty reputation of kids mating with each other with pregnancies resulting as a result. The nasty reputation is still ongoing despite female students reportedly getting pregnant but that doesn’t keep people from sending their kids to there for an education anyway.”
Jinks spoke “What kind of high school is that anyway? I’m surprised that Roosevelt would send our kids to there despite the nasty reputation known anyway.” 
He frowned as Janel adjusted her position to face him entirely and she spoke “That high school in question was a well known private school for kids of rich parents to attend and it was in Albany, New York’s state capital city. Its reputation reportedly had colleges in some vine like league accepting in graduates including graduates of other well known private schools. Plus this was during Roosevelt holding the governorship position hence our kids sent to that school. Now according to the public it was tradition that progeny of the governor to attend that high school something Roosevelt wound up doing when he was trying to run for reelection of the governor position once the kids were old enough to attend high school. I warn you that Lanny was told by Roosevelt to keep his mouth shut about what he did to Niamah along with marrying her due to that it would cause him trouble with a reelection that would come up later once the kids finished high school.”
Jinks spoke as Janel paused again “I read online that Roosevelt had some heart condition hit and he retired from the governorship position due to stress causing his heart problem and nothing else other than what caused his death.” 
He frowned as Janel rolled her eyes followed by focusing onto him and speaking “The heart condition was an excuse to get out of the governorship position before it was up because of someone mysteriously found out about Lanny and his relationship with Niamah and him fathering her child soon after he was born and blabbed that to a tabloid which wound up all over the newspapers and caused a scandal in the process. The state government wound up in talks of impeaching Roosevelt from governorship position anyway which would have prevented him from running for any political positions in the future if such an impeachment was done which always happens to others kicked out of their political positions. Roosevelt used some public social event with the help of an allergy to a Highlander air breathing medicine to get into medical distress in front of witnesses which lucky for him there was a doctor attending the event that kept him alive till the paramedics arrived and took over and got him into the hospital which they were paid to announce the excuse of him having a heart problem caused by stress. He used that medical situation as an excuse to get out of the governorship position which his opponent was later declared governor. Roosevelt had political ambitions for the King position anyway hence he pulling that stunt.”
Jinks frowned as Janel sighed and spoke “Our kids soon after Roosevelt stepped down were supposed to be transferred to another high school to one in New York City where his home base was but I talked Roosevelt out of that using some excuse that some colleges were looking at them as possible candidates for scholarships. I used the excuse that education was important for our kids to get including going to college something Roosevelt didn’t seem to agree with but took my excuse fine enough. My talking out to Roosevelt was due to the kids’ attitudes indicating that they didn’t want to transfer to another school instead wanted to stay at that high school which I let them have their way. Unfortunately our kids after they graduated from high school mysteriously dropped their interests in college and were more interested in competing in tournaments for karate instead. The kids have refused to obey to my nagging them to attend college for furthering their education which I used myself as an example of getting a college degree. The example backfired due to that the kids found out mysteriously unexplained to this day that my degree was in a New York City college for fashioning clothes and figured that college was useless to them as said to me in my face Hmph.”
Jinks sighed and spoke “Well actually I did attend college when I was in my original body and wound up with a bachelors’ degree focused on the English language due to that I was hoping to become a sign language interpreter for the deaf. My mother was deaf herself and taught me various things involving the deaf world including hand language for communicating with deaf people which I’m fluent in at the moment. I got to admit soon after I graduated college I went to some small town named Winsted in Connecticut that had a community college program for deaf students to attend which I wound in services as a sign language interpreter for the fall semester which is what I was doing just prior to you meeting me for a mating some joke pulled by Roosevelt.”
He noticed Janel not protesting to his words about Roosevelt but her eyes narrowed in a glare stare which he added “Alright Mother raised me to believe that my father abandoned me soon after I was born and wouldn’t have anything to do with me at all a view I took literally which would rile me up to in a bad mood enough to do something bad whenever people mentioned my father to me. Roosevelt played some stunt onto me is disguising himself as an old man and meeting me outside the apartment as I was going to walk to the grocery store and saying to me that my father was a good man which I blew a tantrum in front of him and got darted out in the process. I woke up in that insane asylum which is where I figured out that you were expecting the moment my eyes saw you despite you not showing at the moment. I also admit that I wasn’t fooled like you were in thinking that you lost carrying Lizette which I knew from the looks of you that you were still carrying her despite people’s attempts to get you to miscarry.” 
He paused to frown as Janel spoke “I’m told by Roosevelt back then soon after I woke up in a hospital after they took out Lizette that you found me in some known dinosaur land forest due to that the plane I was in crashed and searchers were having too much trouble finding me because of some Human removed me and hid me somewhere in that jungle mess. Roosevelt refused to explain how you were able to find me despite people using search dogs trained in that area to find me and having dinosaur gonoids attacking them hindering their search and targeting the dogs in the process so explain that, Jinks.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and inhaled to notice Janel had on her left hand ring finger was a diamond ring which his senses blared the moment his eyes focused on it finding it was different from the diamond ring he gave her but realized it was the actual ring altered in appearance. 
He took Janel’s left hand and kissed the palm then placed the hand on his chest over his beating heart and spoke “Don’t ever take off this ring period or I won’t find you.” 
He saw her eyes widen and narrow as if she was shocked which he added “That’s how I was able to find you in dinosaur land as you call it. The finding ability is not related to technology of any kind but my own senses guiding me to where it is actually.” 
He stared at Janel who frowned on her facial expression to remove her hand out of his hand grip to appear to be examining the ring by her eyes looking like they were focused onto it. 
Jinks spoke again as Janel resumed her eyes focus onto him “The finding ability doesn’t matter if you’re wearing the ring on your finger or not for I’ll always find it period so keep it on your person and I’ll always find you.” 
He heard the sound of a phone ringing heard a loud groan from Janel who rolled over sitting up towards the dresser on her side of the bed to pick up the phone speaking “Hello yes?”
He frowned to sit up eyeing her face to see a glare form onto it then she slammed the phone down and spoke sounding annoyed “Scotland called me to say that Lanny who I have under surveillance is getting suspicious due to not finding me at my home despite my servants’ excuses to keep him out instead searched the entire place. The servants according to Scotland took a hasty retreat getting out of there which one of them called Scotland via some public phone to have them call to alert me of this. Scotland at the moment is still tracking Lanny walking in New York City appearing to be in a bad mood and might cause trouble to the restless natives which they told me they might knock him out if he does anything seriously harmful.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Um, Janel where are we anyway since this is a hotel room anyway?”
He stared at Janel who folded her arms over her bared breasts and spoke sounding annoyed “I wasn’t able to book a hotel room in Hartford like I planned to do due to some upcoming convention happening for some comic book character which hotels are all booked up for it. I was forced to do this booking in New Haven. I could have done a motel near your hometown but I despise motels for their lousy when it comes to doing cleaning jobs in rooms plus their known to reek of drugs due to drug deals happening in them. Ugh.” 
He spoke recalling one of his kids doing some mental mind ability trick onto him “What did Roosevelt teach the kids in power abilities anyway? They pulled some of that knowledge tricks onto me a few times.” 
He narrowed his eyes aimed at Janel who looked at him with a glare and she spoke “Roosevelt for some reason has balked telling me on what the power abilities he dub Source actually are or do. He has managed to privately teach the kids over the years as they grew up while he was in their life various uses of the Source and refused to let me be present when he’s teaching them. I also got tantrums of anger whenever I ask the kids what Roosevelt taught them or whatever Source powers they have which they would refused to tell me. Lanny for now after I bring up the subject has pulled this put me to sleep trick onto me repeatedly. Lizette at the moment has balked on telling me and said this excuse that she’s too nervous to share it with me due to using an excuse of bad people would find out and use her and her brother to do bad things including breaking the law in the process Hmph.” 
Jinks sighed and opened his mouth while hearing the phone ringing again clamped it shut which he saw Janel grab the phone speaking “Hello yes?”
He heard her pause followed by speaking “Interesting thank you for telling me I’ll rectify the situation once I’m available as soon as I can.”
He saw her hung up followed by speaking “Hmph that was Scotland informing me that some guy a well known pickpocket by the city’s cops trying to capture him due to some reward put in place by some city official bumped into Lanny in an attempt to pickpocket him and was the reception of our son’s fists who punched him out unconscious and proceeded to use him as a punching bag. Someone got a hold of the cops who arrived there and had to knock out Lanny with some specialized gun weapon due to that he was resisting their attempts to get him away from the victim whom he kept on targeting with his fists. Anyway Lanny is currently in a jail cell and woke up in a violent mood which the cops are hesitating on going near him for fears of him targeting them with his fists after he apparently broke a wooden bench in pieces while in the cell along with making them think he’s too strong for them to handle judging by the walls coming apart by his fisting them. So excuse me I have to leave and get Lanny out due to that Lizette is otherwise occupied according to Scotland busy attending some hospital event for kids with cancer, who are fans of her being a karate champion and has indicated once told that she’s not getting her brother out anyway. Her excuse is that she doesn’t want to disappoint the kids at the hospital by cutting her visit short.”
Jinks spoke as Janel got up from the bed going to a suitcase on the floor “Um how am I supposed to get myself home anyway?”
He heard from her as she bent down opening the suitcase “You can ask the hotel lobby clerk for a cab which they’ll produce one. I used one to get myself here and I’ll use one to get myself back to home. I don’t trust my regular drivers not to blab on what I’m doing related to you anyway.” 
He got up from the bed without a comment and went to his clothes putting them on along with his sneakers seeing that they had Velcro on them which he stood with arms folded while staring at Janel already dressed in some pant suit brushing her hair facing the dresser’s mirror. 
He eyed her as she spoke “Jinks, Lanny and my contacts has indicated that people in the Master Organization are still loyal to our son due to still seeing him as a vessel while they are still seeing you as the deity lord himself regardless as flaunted as something else otherwise.” 
He frowned hearing that as Janel stopped brushing her hair and looked at him and added “I suggest you indicate to the hotel lobby clerk that you were a victim of kidnapping as an explanation of them having no records of your arrival. There’s an excuse of females richly well off in money targeting males to kidnap them along with getting themselves pregnant. Those females in question once their pregnancies were well known have flaunted some guy their married with as the father of their babies. Unfortunately soon after the baby is born the females in question claim divorce to the males their paired in marriage a trick that has been happening over and over. The females in question once caught pulling this stunt explained it’s just to get an heir to their money fortune with the heir raised in their beliefs and taking over once they pass away. Hotels are famously used for those mating events anyway which the hotel clerk shouldn’t question you saying it to his face and won’t call the police due to that this will cause them to lose business if this gets out due to other hotels having similar results.” 
He frowned hearing that spoke “I’ll see you around Janel.”
He heard in response “Bye Jinks.” 
Jinks without a word left the room and found a hallway which he followed seemingly lengthy feeling himself confused to where the hotel lobby was formed a confused expression on his face as an apparent maid arrived into view from a hotel room who stared at him with a frown followed by an eye roll expression which he figured it was related to what Janel told him. 
He walked up to the maid who stopped her eye rolling and focused on him and he spoke “I was just kidnapped and woke up in a room alone without clothes on and found these clothes wear lying nearby. Do you by any chance know where I can go to get out of here along with transportation to my home wherever this hotel is anyway?”
He stared at her with a frown who spoke sounding like an accent of a Highlander to him “Yes follow me sir.” 
He obeyed finding her leading a route that suggested only hotel staff takes when moving around the building and heard her speaking gibberish like language loudly on the way and seemed to him that she was conversing to someone on a radio device on her form which he continued to follow her still chattering with pauses in between. He didn’t comment as she led him to a door in the stairwell having a fire alarm sign on it at the bottom of the stairs and heard her continue the chatter which the lights above went off abruptly. 
He heard her speaking in Summeran “You’ll find a cab outside waiting to take you home sir so use this door to get out and be quick on that now.” 
He obeyed using the door to get out into a small alleyway and heard it slam behind him along with figuring out that the lights out was electricity turned off to keep the fire door from sounding an alarm. He stood in an alleyway to hear a horn honking which he saw at one end was a cab with a Highlander driver who waved him over. 
He obeyed getting himself inside the cab and buckled up his seatbelt and heard from the driver “Well where to sir?”
He spoke “Wethersfield is where my home is.” 
Jinks heard a groan from the driver followed by the male speaking “Sorry I’m only for local city’s use as ordered for having this job but I can get you to the train station. I do hope your bank account has the necessary funds for a train ticket which payment is by hand print only.”
He spoke as the Highlander paused “Then train station it is and do you accept hand prints for payment of the fare? I don’t have any money on me anyway.”
He heard from the driver “I’m paid enough to drive you away from this hotel to anywhere you’re needed to go.” 
Jinks heard nothing more from the Highlander as the car started up and felt moving which he eyed the window with a frown staring at the city seeing it was from memory New Haven a shoreline city in the state of Connecticut and found the car driven to the train station which he got out and walked inside finding instead of people for ticket buying but some computer ATM machines scattered around. He eyed one person using the machine to see it split out a piece of paper that suspiciously looked like a train ticket to him and copied the male to get a ticket to a stop in Wethersfield finding himself still having funds to pay for it. He sighed once done and holding the ticket recalled himself taking a train ride to New York City eyed the screen showing times for trains and a clock nearby found it was arriving soon left the terminal to the train’s dock to wait along with a gaggle of people nearby that ignored him. Jinks continued to hold the ticket as the train arrived and found people getting into a line for ticket checking by some male wearing a uniform and clipping the paper with some hand held device and handing it back to them and allowing them entrance. He stood in line and got the same thing as they did to his ticket and then got inside to find an empty seat row which he sat in the aisle seat and folded his arms eyeing people wary getting aboard and seating all around him. Jinks eyed the window once the train was in motion speeding down the state with pauses in between to let passengers off by uniform males announcing the location by an amplified voice at each stop. He heard the announcement of Wethersfield being the stop got out of the train and found the drop off location was back to his apartment complex with the buildings in view along with a high chain linked fence blocking his way from going to there. Jinks groaned and figured he would have to take the long way around which he proceeded to do finding the fence stopped at a road where a sidewalk was which he took and got onto his home street and walked to the apartment complex passing by other apartment complexes on the way. He sighed and thrust the ticket into his sock once reaching the complex then walked to his apartment which once in view found himself filmed to notice a device object sitting on his front door with screen wide open. Jinks felt annoyance take hold willed the Master through and waved a hand towards the device once a foot away to see if flash sparks with filming sensation gone. He yanked it off the door finding it was some version of the dome on his porch ceiling and brought it inside after using his powers to open the locked door. Jinks locked both doors then went to the sliding door opening it and tossed out the camera into the bushes sensing himself filmed from that which he growled an annoyed sound. He got inside and shut the sliding doors locking it and thrust the curtain back into place only to hear the phone ringing as he removed the ticket from his sock. 
Jinks eyed the caller ID to see it blared Lizette’s name on it with no phone number included which he thrust the ticket into the couch dresser and picked up the phone after willing the Master away and spoke “Jinks Montreal here, something I can do for you Lizette?”
He heard in response “Sorry I’m not Lizette but this is Jayden Kyushu her husband. Lizette’s out at the moment. I’ve been calling you for awhile sir due to some situations that require you to know of them.” 
He frowned hearing that spoke “Well what’s going on anyway? Excuse me for not being at home. I was otherwise occupied.”
Jinks heard Jayden speak “Its news on the brother in law Lance Knight. He was caught by cops and witnesses punching out some reported criminal, cops have been after for awhile while in public and wouldn’t stop the fisting despite ordered to cease the behavior by the law. Cops had to knock him out as a result which he’s currently in a jail cell and still in holding judging by his angry behavior and damage he’s doing to the cell he’s contained in. The cops in question said that their not going to release him till he calms down then he’ll be free.” 
Jinks spoke as Jayden paused from talking “Argh anything else?”
He heard from Jayden “Actually the criminal the cops were trying to catch is currently in another jail cell recovering from injuries to his ribs cracked. The cops from what I’m told are going to be lenient towards the brother in law due to that his targeted victim was some criminal they have been trying to catch for awhile with no success in doing that arresting due to not easily finding him. They said that they’ll release brother in law once he’s calmed down. I’m expecting the police to call me soon due to that their latest phone call said that brother in law had stopped damaging the cell and was sitting down on the floor at the moment. I’m pretty sure that brother in law stopped being angry and will be released soon.”
He spoke as Jayden paused “Oh ok well call me on news on my son once the cops call you. I won’t keep you on the phone for that.” 
Jinks heard “Thanks Mister Montreal.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and eyed the clock on the TV to see it was an early evening hour felt sleepiness hitting him groaned as he darted upstairs to his bedroom yanking off the clothes leaving his underwear shorts on his form alone and placed away the articles back into dresser drawers then got himself into bed throwing the blankets up over his head. 
Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “Actually Jinks this crook stole your son’s cell phone who found it gone and managed to tackle him to get the thing back. Unfortunately your son wound up angry managed to think that the crook would make a good punching bag proceeded to do it and kept on doing it even when the lawmen arrived and tried to get him to stop. Also I warn you that your son has inherited your strong strength ability but I’m unsure of the limits of that or the limits of your strong strength ability as well. Lizette does seem to have inherited that strength ability from you too. She’s appearing to be stronger than her brother whenever they both get into physical fights started by your son letting some angry mood take control and he picks fights as a result of that helps him get rid of that mood easily. Your son has this attitude that fighting is the way to go when angry just to get rid of the feeling.” 
Jinks frowned feeling himself nervous as Lance’s eyes turned all black followed by the male speaking “Don’t expect the fact that you can track Janel anywhere with this ring she’s wearing to be kept secret from your son. He’s been heard to be quite nosy enough to ask her on various information about you in your original body including the time of you transferred to that body you're in at the moment. That nosiness sounds to me he’s a tad obsessed with you that he’s been using his power abilities to get his mother to talk on anything related to you. That meeting of yours with her will come out anyway. I also warn you that your son has managed to acquire items belonging to you, you had in your original body from some sources in the Master Organization. I’m not sure what’s really going on with your son at the moment but I’m suspicious and will tell you later once my hunches you call them turn out to be correct.”
He felt his eyes forced shut before he could comment a response and passed out unconscious to come to feeling a hand on his forehead which he jerked open his eyes blinking from the sunlight blaring in his eyesight along with feeling paralysis hitting his form from the neck down. Jinks shifted his eyes looking around to find Lance Knight with the Master in control standing next to his bed that straightened up his form and folded his arms. 
He felt annoyance take control willed the Master through as Lance Knight spoke “I expect questions that will be answered or else. Such as what did you tell my Mother when you were with her in a hotel room?”
He heard an edge in Lance Knight’s voice tone figured that his son already knew the answer to his question and wanted confirmation from him. 
He spoke “Why should I tell you since you sound like you already know what went on between me and your mother?”
He got a growl from Lance Knight who unfolded his arms and bent down slamming a hand onto his forehead which he stiffened from his senses blaring and then felt the hand removed which he found to his shock relaying everything he said to Janel including her getting phone calls and tell him what the contents were about. Jinks clamped his mouth shut once done feeling himself annoyed with what he said as he glared at Lance Knight who again placed a hand on his forehead and removed the hand straightening up his form. 
He found himself speaking “The ring belonged to my mother who started wearing it soon after she lost me as a five year old in some forest due to me wandering away. Some people accompanied by wolf gonoids and dressed in gonoid skin clothes traveling in the forest found me and reunited us. One of them, a female yanked the ring from the top of my head pulling out some of my hair and gave it to my mother insisting for her to wear it. I haven’t gotten the faintest idea of how that ring got to the top of my head or how those people figured I had it there or why they insisted to my mother to wear it. I discovered at age nine that I could track the ring anywhere after we lost each other in some crowded mall during Christmas season which my senses told me where to find my mother due to her wearing it walking all over the place and we were reunited once she paused in a bookstore café to sit and wait for me. I never told my mother that I could track her wearing the ring but she seemed to know of that ability by the way she worded her words to me about tracking her whenever we visit places that are crowded. I despite the body change can track that ring anywhere and used that ability to find your mother wearing the ring while carrying Lizette in some dinosaur land forest after her plane crashed in there. And yes I told your mother about being able to track her wearing that ring and it doesn’t matter if she has it on her finger or not for I’ll be able to find it anyway.”
He clamped his mouth shut finding the compulsion to talk gone and felt annoyance take hold while narrowing his eyes in a glare aimed at Lance Knight who pulled out a familiar object from his pocket he recognized it as the diamond ring Janel was wearing. He frowned as Lance Knight appeared to be scrutinizing the ring by holding it up eye level and eyes narrowed aimed at it seemingly lengthy before pocketing it and waving a hand towards him. He felt himself sleepy shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing the doorbell ringing along with paralysis gone from him. Jinks frowned hearing the doorbell ringing lengthy sighed getting up to toss on sweat pants on his form and darted downstairs to the front door which he peered through to find Janel looking like she was annoyed judging by the expression on her face while there. 
He sighed and opened the door willing away the Master sensing it was in control and stared at Janel who spoke “We need to talk and its private so let me in now.” 
He obeyed locking both doors behind Janel to hear her speaking “Hmph forgot one detail to mention to you about power abilities the kids have been displaying. It according to some people documenting it involves touching a person on the forehead with a hand which gets the victim to talk various information along with an ability to put people asleep while doing it. I was alerted by Scotland on that via phone call on my cell phone warning me that Lanny would pull that trick onto me once I was in his presence. Oh I managed to get him out of jail and paid his six hundred dollar arrest fine due to some national law that said anyone arrested is fined a money amount which varies regardless of what state territory it is but always less than one thousand dollars. I retaliated by leaving the hotel bill reportedly in some five thousand dollar amount to be paid by Lanny after he pulled that Source ability trick onto me getting me to admit what our conversation was during our meeting which I used some arranging to make sure that the hotel picks on him for not paying within a time frame.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as the phone rang which he eyed to see Lance Knight’s name in the caller ID picked up the phone speaking “Jinks Montreal here and what the depths do you want Lance? I’m still furious with you for playing that joke onto me getting me to talk private things I don’t want people to know of.”
He heard in response the dial tone hung up the phone and added speaking to Janel looking at him with a glare “Our son played that joke onto me getting me to admit everything we talked to each other about. He does know of the ring and that I can track it anywhere. Also he appeared to have gotten the ring into his possession by showing he had it after I talked about the tracking ability.” 
He cut off his talking as Janel’s eyes widen followed by her raising her left hand up in her eyesight and groaning loudly noticing the ring was gone from her finger. 
He narrowed his eyes as she spoke “Another trick Scotland managed to inform me via cell phone while I was on my way here is that the Source’s hand touching on the forehead can trigger people to go into a trance to do things with no memory of them doing it at the moment the order is given but they’ll always remember later which the remembering varies on time frames.”
Jinks’ senses blared warning as he shifted in a direction facing the wall holding the kitchen entrance as if compelled and eyed it willing the Master through to recognize the feeling of someone else in the apartment eavesdropping. 
He spoke out loud “Eavesdropper show yourself now or else!” 
His eyes focused on the kitchen entranceway which Lance Knight stepped into view with Master in control while hearing Janel gasp out “Lanny, where have you been anyway? Niamah reports that your not at home at the moment and is annoyed with you anyway.” 
Jinks saw Lance Knight wave a hand felt sleepiness shook his head and found himself hitting the rugged floor shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing the phone ringing rolled onto his back and swung himself up and went to the phone to notice the phone was different with no caller ID box which he picked it up speaking “Jinks Montreal, yes?”
He felt annoyance take hold when he heard a computerized voice asking him for money for a children’s charity and hung up the phone eyeing it to notice that there was new machinery like tape recorder box next to it that indicated it for holding messages and figured that he’ll simply let the answering machine do the picking up for him from now on. He adjusted the box’s volume leaving it on loud so he would know when to pick it up. He again heard the phone ringing growled an annoyed sound hearing a familiar computerized voice again asking him for money for a charity but this time it was for another charity related to the humanoid Trigan species living on land in specialized water exhibits in them while being the air breathing whale gonoid dubbed Orca. He rolled his eyes and heard the call ended then left the phone going upstairs thinking that he’ll shower and get into some clothes which he proceeded to do putting on the dressy wear outfit he saw Lance Knight wearing complete with the shoes identical to him. Jinks heard the doorbell ringing frowned went to answer the door finding no one in sight but a box in his porch which he stepped out sensing nothing seriously alarming then picked up the box cake piece sized and went back inside. He yanked open the box once setting it on his couch dresser to find his keys and wallet inside along with an envelope looking suspiciously like it contained a bill to him. Jinks took the items out and examined his wallet to find two different cards inside in place of his regular cards including a slip of white paper with writing on it. 
Jinks read the paper that said “Money amount for credit is five hundred dollars a month.”
He found one card appeared to be some form of credit card to him and the other was his ID appearing to look altered on closer inspection showed it was just an ID and not for driving included on it. He felt annoyance take hold figuring that Lance Knight must have done that as ordered with his contacts in the Master Organization as he grabbed the envelope. He found the return address indicated to be a hotel in New Haven and figured that Lance Knight must have stuck him with the bill to the hotel room and made Janel think she got her son to pay it. He felt annoyance take hold as he opened the envelope to find a picture of himself looking like it was snapped from above and a typed letter instead of a bill detailing his name.
Jinks read "You are forbidden to return to the hotel due to your kidnapped status for we will have security to kick you out if you were found there. We have managed to identify you through computer recorded articles related to karate after doing a search online using your picture which your identity was found out. The hotel’s owner was informed of your situation and identity and ordered this letter to be sent to you. The owner will threaten you arrested if you were found at the hotel again due to that people in kidnapped situations like you have caused hotels to lose business and close down for good. The owner is said will sue you in court for the entire money amount it took to buy the hotel and run it if you went public about your kidnapped status making the hotel to close for good due to loss of business from people aware of what happened to you like what happened to other hotels from kidnapped victims broadcasting their kidnapped status to the public." 
He reached the end of the letter heard the phone ringing crumbled up the paper tossing it over his shoulder uncaring on where it landed only to hear on the answering machine saying in some pleading voice “Dad pick up the phone.”
He grabbed the phone and spoke “Lizette what’s going on now?”
He heard the dial tone as a response growled an annoyed sound and put the phone down only to get that thing ringing again which he picked up speaking his name and got Lance Knight’s voice on the line using the Master in control “What did my sister tell you and speak it now or else?”
He spoke “I heard her voice on the answering machine asking me to pick up thanks to you exchanging phones and taking away my caller ID option. She hung up when I answered and that’s about it.” 
He glared at the wall while hearing a faint choking sound willed the Master through as Lance Knight’s familiar voice was heard “That better be what happened, deity or I the vessel will make you miserable.” 
He frowned at the word deity and Lance Knight’s reference to vessel to hear the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and heard his stomach growl loudly along with hunger felt eyed the TV to see the time was one o’clock which he went into the kitchen thinking of cooking a microwavable meal. He found himself terribly hungry ate three packaged meals of macaroni and cheese along with gulping down two bottles of strawberry milkshake that were in the refrigerator among food and drinks which he dumped the food holders into the garbage can and the fork into the dishwasher unit. Jinks heard the phone ringing again willed the Master away from him to pick up the phone as if compelled and spoke his name. 
He heard “This is Kui Lee. Sensei Tan wants you in for some lessons. The majority of the kids’ parents have said to Sensei Sun while she’s at kids’ tournaments watching her kids compete and doing the same to her students that their children have developed some hero worship towards you related to you competing undefeated in sparring.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as Kui continued “There’s a tabloid article reportedly going around saying that you’re the next Tan Lee winning tournaments undefeated due to them saying that your seen winning fights undefeated without a single loss despite you already won a tournament while a black belt and is touting you as the next greatest karate champion. So show up for class for I suspect that Sensei Tan's lessons is involved in how to handle yourself in public while at karate tournaments either watching them, competing or refereeing he won’t say to me but insists that you show up.”
Jinks spoke “Ok I’ll be there once I can.” 
He heard from Kui “See you.” 
Jinks heard the dial tone in his ear hung up only to get the phone ringing sighed and felt compelled to pick it up obeyed and heard Lizette’s voice on the line speaking “Dad, I admit it I played a trick onto my brother due to that I recognized you as the vessel of the deity something Lance isn’t easily accepting. I used the trick of getting my brother to sign some agreement of recognizing you as the leader of the Master Organization and vessel of the deity including originator of him as his father. Well my brother managed to get that trick to backfire onto me by going around flaunting you as the deity and himself as the vessel which people are believing at the moment when asked about the subject.”
He spoke as Lizette paused “It sure explains Lance’s wording use of deity and referring to himself as a vessel in a previous phone call to me.” 
Jinks heard a loud bang sound of a door slamming open on the phone along with a dial sound followed it. He hung up the phone and frowned hearing it ring again and figured that Lance Knight must have caught Lizette talking on the phone hence the door noises and dial tone heard. 
Jinks walked away only to pause when he heard the answering machine pick up followed by Lance Knight’s voice using the Master in control “Pick up the phone or else I’ll make you suffer for ignoring.” 
He felt no compulsion to pick up the phone went to the answering machine and switch off its volume and left to pick up his karate gear from the closet putting it on the couch and eyed his water bottle seeing it was still half full of water which he sighed figuring that it needed refilling along with cleaning which he proceeded to do then once done placed the bottle back in the bag’s bottle holder then sighed. He went to the curtain covering the sliding door and swished it aside peering at the sky seeing it was raining outside and groaned as lightening was seen. Jinks went to the couch dresser and yanked out drawers finding the phone book gone and recalled the cab service’s phone number groaned dialing it while holding the phone to his ear. 
He got a female Highlander in response as he spoke “I like to charter a cab.” 
He heard from the female while typing noises was also heard “To who is chartering the cab sir?”
Jinks spoke his name and got the familiar gasped reaction along with giving out the location to where he wanted the cab to drive him to and the time he expected it to arrive which the female spoke “It’ll be done as ordered sir.” 
He heard her rattle off the familiar location of where to meet the cab at the appointed time which he spoke a fine comment then heard the dial tone in his ear. Jinks groaned eyeing the time finding he didn’t have time to search the apartment for any raingear grabbed his bag only to recall himself given a rain poncho which he stuffed into it. He rooted around and found the poncho in the bottom of it which he took out and put on then grabbed his wallet putting it in his bag along with a hand holding his keys which he went to the front door opening it to see no one outside and sensed nothing threatening. He locked the door and left the apartment going to the spot where the cab was the pick him up. Jinks adjusted the bag till most of it was underneath the poncho due to thinking it wasn’t waterproofed. He frowned as the rain fell harder along with thunder thundering and lightening booming more often as the cab arrived honking its horn he barely heard among the nature noises. 
He got inside and buckled up his seat belt then heard from the driver “Nasty weather to be in anyway.” 
He didn’t comment in response as the driver drove him to the karate studio which he got out and during a break of the storm heard it drive away which he went to the studio’s entrance to find the hallway lights off through the glass door and a sign on it posted from inside. 
He read “Classes cancelled unless requested to show up by sensei.” 
He found the door unlocked walked inside to see the rest of the hallway lights were on except the lights near the door were off. Jinks went passed Kui’s office finding her door shut and the familiar greeter gone from her desk in the middle of the hallway. He frowned wondering what Tan had in mind for him as he went to the locker room and got himself out of his poncho, clothes and shoes into the karate uniform and black belt and then went to the studio room. Jinks found Tan there with Sensei Sun and Sergei both in a whispered conversation that halted their talk once noticing him in the room. 
He heard from Sensei Sun “Jinks stretch now.” 
Jinks obeyed getting onto the floor avoiding falling into a split move and began doing his stretching exercises noticing range of emotions flashing on the faces of Sensei Sun and Sergei while Tan had a narrowed eyed glare on his face that remained the same expression during his stretches. He swung himself up once done and turned to face the three while keeping his arms down at the sides and hands appearing to look relaxed and composed a blank expression on his face. Jinks listened attentively as Tan proceeded to teach him how to act while at tournaments as the headlined karate champion along with handling the press and fans getting into his face with Sensei Sun and Sergei playacting parts to him which he paid attention to thoroughly. 
He found the lessons ended by Tan telling him “Remember what I taught you and don’t forget it. You may leave now.” 
He spoke “Yes Sensei.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Tan pointed a finger at the door which he left the studio room and went to the locker room to exchange his uniform for clothes and shoes along with the poncho back onto his form. 
He left the locker room to again find Kui’s door shut rapped his fist onto it to hear a faint “Come in its unlocked.”
Jinks opened the door and walked in speaking “I need to use your phone to call for a cab for I don’t have a driver and I don’t have a car either.” 
He eyed Kui who spoke “Allow me to do it.” 
He watched as she picked up the phone and dialed a number and heard her side of the conversation sounding like she was using her father as the one for the cab service to pick up at a location and a certain time frame and that the person was waiting inside the studio due to the bad weather. 
He frowned as she hung up and spoke “Excuse me of using my father and lying to the cab company. Some Highlander visited me the other day saying that he was from a group dubbed Scotland and claims that bad people were targeting you and used the cab service as an example of the bad people having bribed employees refuse your requests or be fired from their job positions by bribing their bosses to do it.”
Jinks gave off a loud sound of disgust in response as Kui paused followed by her again speaking “Yah Scotland told me that their still trying to find out who’s the one that ordered some people already arrested for causing me and my family some troubles. Scotland assured me that the charges will stick period due to knowing the prosecutor would do what it takes to put them in jail anyway.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Kui added “Anyway you should go out in the hallway and wait for the cab to arrive for I did say that’s where the waiting is.” 
He obeyed going to the entrance and peered out at the raging storm to see a cab arrive which he walked out and got inside to find the driver a Highlander male that spoke “Hmph Scotland isn’t kidding on what they warned me about regarding you Jinks Montreal.” 
He didn’t comment a response buckled up his seatbelt as the cab drove to his apartment complex which he got out pulling his keys only to get senses blaring in response that seemed familiar once he saw the shut apartment door in vicinity along with sensing himself not filmed. Jinks adjusted the bag’s strap and keys till they both were in one hand and raised a hand to feel the familiar sense of the ring’s signal which guided him to the apartment door which once nearing it lowered his hand and got onto the porch sensing himself filmed again. He found the screen door unlocked but the front door locked which he unlocked it and got inside locking both doors to find his senses blaring telling him someone was inside the apartment hiding out of sight. Jinks quietly ditched the poncho and bag into the closet eyes on the kitchen as if drawn and then went into the living room to find his eyes focused on the kitchen entrance to find Lance Knight in view with the Master in control that waved a hand. Jinks felt paralysis hitting him all over found himself collapsing onto his back willed the Master through finding he could do it as his son’s face came into view and found he could move his head which his eyes focused on the male’s neck as if drawn to see a golden choker chain holding a familiar diamond ring attached. 
He kept his mouth shut as Lance Knight spoke “Spill it or else on what my sister told you while on the phone now!”
He heard the angry tone of his son’s voice kept his mouth shut only to hear an Argh from Lance Knight which he felt a hand on his forehead then the hand removed itself and he found himself relaying everything Lizette told him while noticing the male’s eyes narrow as his senses again blared warning. Jinks frowned wondering why his senses were blaring as there was a doorbell sound heard by him. 
He saw Lance Knight look up in the direction of the door then resumed looking at him ignoring the ringing noises which he spoke “Spill it Lance on your attitude of me being seen as a deity and you seen as a vessel now. I want an explanation as you’re my son and I’m your father.”
He grimaced as Lance Knight’s fist connected with his forehead before his son resumed looking at him as the doorbell halted its noises as he heard a glass breaking sound along with hissing noises. He coughed unexpectedly as Lance Knight’s head disappeared from view and felt the paralysis gone from him who he swung himself up to find the sliding door open and darted towards it yanking aside the curtain to halt with shock hitting him along with seeing the storm had stopped. Jinks saw Niamah sideways facing his direction having a hand on Lance Knight’s throat while dangling his feet him held above her and saw her other hand was in a fist punching him hard into his stomach area while his son was gagging loudly Niamah’s name repeatedly along with the word please in some pleading tone repeatedly. He frowned to shift the curtain back into view but enough for him to peer out at the scene as Niamah stopped punching Lance Knight and lowered him to the ground till feet were touching it. He saw his son use karate to get out of her hand’s grip along with getting one of her arms behind her onto her back in some painful looking hold and a hand gripping her ponytailed hair yanking her head up face facing the sky both having backs to him. 
He heard Lance Knight snarl in an angry tone “I should kill you for keeping secrets from me and getting into my business along with manipulating me you bitch.” 
Jinks grimaced hearing Lance Knight insult Niamah which he heard nothing in response from her as his son continued talking “I meant it with what I said. I will kill you. I don’t give a damn if three children are going to be raised without their mother in their lives due to me killing you.” 
He heard from Niamah loudly “Lance I do these things because I love you and I care about you anyway. I don’t want to see you get hurt-“
Jinks heard Lance Knight interrupt “Spare me those words you bitch. I think it’s a high time I do what I said which is killing you anyway.”
Jinks yanked aside the curtain as Lance Knight got a hold of Niamah’s head releasing her arm and ponytailed hair which he waved a hand mentally ordering paralysis to hit his son seeing it hit home followed by the male releasing his hold onto Niamah while collapsing onto the ground onto his back as he walked out towards the duo. He eyed Niamah who turned around eyeing him with some nervous expression in her eyes and face as he went to Lance Knight and willed away the paralysis from his son’s head but left him deadweight from the neck down. 
Jinks heard Lance Knight snarling "Bastard!"
He figured the word was aimed at him as he stood next to him while folding his arms and looked away to stare at Niamah grimacing while staring at him back as an idea came to mind. 
Jinks spoke loudly hearing Lance Knight cut his talk “Niamah what’s a woman like you being married to a bully child like him when you should be married to someone else who’ll care for you the way you wanted?”
He glared at Niamah who appeared to gulp while hearing silence from Lance Knight as she spoke “I love him.”
He heard her speak it in a nervous voice tone which he walked over Lance Knight and stood in front of her blocking her view of his son and spoke “Come along Niamah let’s get out of here.”
He heard Lance Knight protest “Don’t you dare leave me like this!”
Jinks ignored his son’s repeated words as he took Niamah’s arm and led her to the fence’s door which he took her out of the yard shutting the door while sensing himself filmed. He led her to a neighbor's apartment and spied the familiar toy car on the way, waved a hand towards it to see it shorted out with a loud squeal sound heard. Jinks heard nothing from Niamah as he got her to the neighbor's apartment and got her to sit in the lawn chair on the porch then stood with arms folded staring at her she not meeting his eyes but staring at her hands. 
He reached out a hand gripping Niamah’s chin and got her eyes eyeing him as he spoke “Now tell me the actual reason to why you allowed my son to have his way with you as in raping you when I know your strong strength would have physically prevented that incident from happening.” 
He heard a soft groan from Niamah as he released her chin and folded his arms followed by her speaking sounding nervous “I don’t deny it that I love him. I’m in love with Lance that I was willing to even let him treat me inappropriately. You’re wrong about my strength’s power anyway. It didn’t stop Lance from raping me when I tried the strength power onto him coming onto me despite me not in the mood which he used his Source’s power abilities to get me to submit. I wound up expecting as a result. I tried to hide that status from my parents but my mother figured out that I was carrying from her looking at me despite me wearing my normal clothes of sweats that were hiding my form according to myself looking in the mirror while I was two weeks into that status and said it to my face as a statement. My mother has refused to tell me how she figured out that I was pregnant and how she accurately pinpointed the father after saying his name to me after she said her pregnancy statement. I got to warn you that I haven’t have much luck into getting my mother to talk on how she accurately figured out what was going on between Lance and I but it was her who insisted that I demand to Roosevelt to get Lance to marry me. She emphasized that I should be married to Lance anyway regardless of him fathering my child.”
He narrowed his eyes as Niamah paused to look down followed by her continuing “The marriage in question hasn’t been smooth sailing despite Lance treating me inappropriately from time to time. It’s not the first time he’s used that threat of killing me. I know why he uses that threat anyway which has nothing to do with me in case you want to know. He says what he says from that he’s having internal problems from noticing him spoiling our children and doesn’t do much disciplining whenever they misbehaved. His internal problems are related to his father raiser Roosevelt not raising him properly due to how he behaves towards the children. Also his nasty behavior towards me is seeing how his father raiser behaves towards his mother which is similar to the way he acts around me. I know of this behavior copying for I talked to his mother during one our private get together lunches and she has given me clear details on how her husband behaves around her which I’m seeing from Lance himself.”
He didn’t comment a response as Niamah looked at him while speaking “I do warn you that Lance will use whatever means to gain knowledge of this conversation known once he’s freed from his trapped status. He used Source abilities to get our oldest child to admit breaking a vase after it was found on the floor after the both of us heard a crash sound from the living room which we went to investigate and found him hiding in our bedroom closet. Oh by the way I haven’t seen anything related to the Source abilities in the children despite Lance using Source methods onto them to get them to produce that with failure happening. I don’t think the children inherited the Source ability anyway but they seemed to have inherited some strong strength ability I think is from me due to seeing them doing things that indicate this.”
He felt himself filmed again as Niamah paused to look down at her hands which he spoke “Alright you told me enough so come along while we go to my son and have a frank talk with him.” 
Jinks saw Niamah get up who didn’t look at him instead kept staring at the ground which he took her arm and guided her to his apartment’s fence while hearing silence from Lance Knight which he yanked open the door to see his son was still in his familiar position. He walked inside pushing Niamah into the backyard and shut the fence’s door then walked towards his son to peer at him who again gave him the familiar bastard word along with threats of causing him harm while speaking gibberish like wording that confused him. 
He spoke as Lance Knight became silent “Tsk such inappropriate language.” 
Jinks eyed Niamah who was staring at Lance Knight which he watched as she threw herself down in a kneeling position and grabbed Lance Knight’s face by hands on the cheeks and was kissing him on the lips which he walked away going inside his apartment to stand inside and peered at the couple with curtain adjusted. 
He watched as Niamah broke off the kiss to put her body on top of Lance Knight while hugging him having her forehead touching her husband’s face by the side and heard nothing from his son in response. 
He continued to eye them as Lance Knight snarled out loudly “You stinking deity get me out of being in this status now or else!”
Jinks sighed thinking to himself “I think I should just leave my son there once he stops this attitude.” 
He frowned as he felt compelled to walk out which he obeyed and leaned down into his son’s eyesight who again snarled repeating his words. Jinks reached a hand towards Lance Knight and placed it onto his son’s forehead mentally ordering him to talk on why he was behaving towards himself and threatening to kill Niamah repeatedly over and over. 
He removed his hand and found Lance Knight speaking sound annoyed “I saw my father raiser’s behavior towards my mother and was copying him towards Niamah. As for my behavior towards you it’s me coping with the fact that my father is dead and that he’s back in another body form. I have felt no connection of father/son relations towards you despite my sister feeling that way and despite you declaring me your son. I’m just frustrated with the way my father raiser Roosevelt raised me and you not in my life to counterattack that behavior hence me spoiling my children and refusing to discipline them as much as they should have been anyway. I’m also frustrated to find out most of what Papa said about my father were lies and that he was trashing him to me just to make me hate him. Also Papa drilled into me to do what it takes to keep the vessel of a deity status something I was told almost all of my life while he was alive along with expecting me to keep it period despite others telling me that you’re the vessel when I’m not. Papa when he was alive emphasized that those people were using my appearance of short hair and skin coloring inherited from my mother as an excuse to not see me as the vessel despite my face is twin to my father that was a declared vessel. Unfortunately Papa later admitted to me using Source abilities onto him that he had manipulated using Source abilities onto some guy named Burke Richardson to shoot the actual vessel just to get him out of the way so I could take his place and be declared the vessel.” 
Jinks stiffened of shock hearing Lance Knight’s words related to Roosevelt himself as Lance Knight continued “I managed to find out later after Papa’s death that Papa’s trick onto Burke was discovered by Richardson leaving a video confession of a meeting with Papa and compelled to shoot the vessel after Papa touched him on the forehead barehanded while flaring some black eyed look and did the actual deed. I also found out about Burke dying in some car explosion was ordered by Papa himself due to word getting out that some Table member shot the vessel which was later revealed to be Richardson after he passed away.”
Jinks heard nothing more from Lance Knight mentally thought to himself “Hmm perhaps I should force him to talk on why the vessel is acting nasty while the deity is not.” 
He bent down and placed a hand on Lance Knight’s forehead mentally giving the order and straightened up his form to hear from his son “Papa drilled in the Table members the moment he started the Master Organization on Shadan that the vessel is always nasty while the deity is always seen as a good person. That view has been shared among other members of the Master Organization who has taken it valuably once told of it. I don’t know why Papa keeps on insisting on that to me and the other members of the Master Organization-“
He heard Niamah cut in “Jinks free my husband will you please?”
He obeyed to see Lance Knight push aside Niamah violently and swung up in a karate move while growling loudly before charging at him with legs and fists swinging in karate moves which he felt compelled to fight back obeyed to the feeling finding the both of them evenly matched with no success from either one of them to knock each other off their feet. Jinks continued to spar fight with Lance Knight seemingly lengthy who quit the growling noises and noticed that his son had stopped flaring all black eyes which he copied him showing Human blue eyes and saw a glare on his son’s face as he fought with him in the yard. He ignored Niamah he sensed watching the both of them fighting and sensed that Lance Knight was trying to knock him off his feet from the karate styled that way which he copied finding his son not easily knocked down as he was due to avoiding his attempts and himself doing the same. Jinks continued to spar fight with Lance Knight who charged full body attack aimed at him abruptly which he charged back meeting his son’s charge as if compelled and grabbed him by hands on the shoulders as he did the same. He saw Lance Knight’s eyes narrow as his son used his legs and feet attempting to knock him down which he copied while still having a grip onto his shoulders which he kept his grip on his son’s shoulders in response. Jinks kept his son arm length away from figuring out that Lance Knight would head butt him once close enough and sensed the male had figured out the same thing from the pressure of his hands on his shoulders indicating he was keeping him arm length away while trying to knock him down with legs and feet kicking at him as he did the same thing to him. Jinks felt Lance Knight release him which he copied and stood with arms folded sensing the fight was over as indicated by his son folding his arms. 
His son snarled out “No fair. I can’t even defeat my sister when I spar fight with her for she always footed my seat regardless of how violent I am towards her with karate.”
He kept his mouth shut as Lance Knight glared at him while hearing a throat clearing noise off his left which he looked unfolding his arms to see Niamah with a hint of a smirk on her face that halted the noises when he looked at her to glare at him. 
Jinks spoke “Excuse me.”
He walked inside unstopped and shut the sliding doors behind him but peered out through the curtain adjusted at the couple standing sideways from him facing each other. 
Jinks eyed their lips to lip read his son "I missed spar fighting and wanted to do it at tournaments but can’t due to holding the Karate Federation’s President title. If I competed it’ll mean I dropped the title. I can’t drop it due to needing the job to help pay for our lifestyle and helping my mother live comfortably. She can’t take residence in the building my father raiser owned for it's for the Master Organization’s vessel. The building my father raiser owned was willed to the Master Organization with stipulation that it was for the vessel of the deity to take residence there and people living there were for only for the vessel’s care." 
Niamah he lip read after sensing Lance Knight had stopped talking "You should find a way to spar fight while legally holding the Karate Federation’s President title."
Jinks saw her pause to gently kiss his son on the lips followed by breaking it off. 
He lip read her speaking “Does the title holding mention anything about keeping you from training others in karate including doing the spar fighting in practice to students?”
He sighed figuring out that Niamah’s question was a good one as he shifted to lip read Lance Knight who didn’t talk instead appeared to be staring at her with a frown seen on his lips. 
He shifted back to Niamah who continued “You’re a karate champion winner of tournaments in spar fighting, Kata and weapons. Who’s to say that you can’t teach others karate? Who’s to say that you can’t spar fight with students while teaching them how to do that themselves and them learning from fighting with you? Who’s saying that anyway?”
He frowned to shift towards Lance Knight who he lip read speaking “I doubt I can teach karate to a bunch of people due to that I was trained by a karate teacher either alone or with my sister there training along with me. I haven’t gotten the experience or the knowledge in teaching a whole group of people to learn karate especially teaching that to kids. I’m terrible with discipline which I haven’t been doing it to our children anyway. I detest disciplining our children whenever they do something mischievous. Sorry Niamah think of something else then.”
He shifted to look at Niamah who he lip read speaking “Isn’t there another sport that involves fighting that you could take up to fight in while keeping the Presidential title? I heard there are other fighting sports such as one called boxing but I don’t know if that uses karate anyway.”
Jinks frowned as he felt sleepiness hitting him abruptly yawned and adjusted the curtain back into place and went to the couch to sit leaning back which he shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Actually there is a fighting sport involving karate but its extremely violent and very physical which fighters fight each other using various methods to knock an opponent down onto the ground and using whatever method to keep them from getting up including knocking them unconscious just to win the fight. The fights in question are also judged by specialized people watching them in case either fighter can’t knock each other down and they fight up to a time set for it then the winner is declared after a debate. The fighter getting unconscious actually loses the fight in question and opponent declared the winner right away.”
Jinks spoke as Lance stopped flaring black eyes “Oh interesting anyway but can my son do this sport while holding a title?”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Lance spoke “Actually the karate world’s people have pinpointed your son for doing inappropriate behavior towards others and have given your son an ultimatum which is either compete and give up the president’s title or keep the president’s title and not compete. They didn’t say anything about him doing other sports or competing in karate related sports such as this fight sport dubbed Extreme Brock Baxter. I heard it’s named after some male Human with the name of Brock Baxter who started the sport soon after the transfer along with pushing people to do it. He insisting that people needed physical activity along with an outlet for their angry mood. You Humans soon after the transfer were in a very bad angry mood and targeting each other quite violently hence this Baxter pushing people to take up this sport just to keep people alive which he kept it up all over the place. Lots of people wound up taking his word on the sport and found themselves no longer furious after punching out an opponent unconscious. They wound up naming the sport after him in his honor after he took a bullet for a political official and passed away from it.” 
Jinks saw Lance stop talking to look away from him and felt his eyes forced shut which he passed out to come to hearing the phone ringing which he lurched up to stand and grabbed the phone speaking his name. 
He heard “Dad its Lizette, what have you been doing to my brother anyway? He’s reportedly saying that you’re the vessel for two days straight and relieved himself of that position along with telling members that you’re the vessel actually. Plus he’s said to think of taking up another sport related to fighting due to liking doing it after it was reported that he fought you in some physical karate combat battle which both of you were seen to be equal in the fight.”
Jinks frowned hearing a pause in talk eyed the TV as if drawn to notice the date and calculated that he was out asleep for a few days straight which he heard a throat clearing noise from Lizette. 
Jinks spoke recognizing that Lizette wanted him to talk “I haven’t done much to your brother on this vessel attitude actually. I realized that Lance wanted to fight physically. So I fought him who threw everything he had which I did the same and am I’m pretty much surprised with how equal we were in the fight despite none of us able to knock each other down.”
He stopped talking and listened as Lizette spoke “That physical fight you both fought each other in, in your home which was recorded which Lance was seen losing to you, what was really going on anyway?”
He sighed softly recalling what Lizette was talking about fully in mind and spoke “I noticed Lance using the power abilities onto me to try to win the fight which he used onto me but I blocked him and won the fight as a result. He didn’t use the power abilities this time instead gave it his all focusing this time on his physical strength and karate abilities which I copied him doing it.”
He paused from talking to frown as he heard a faint crying sound in the background along with Lizette speaking in a rush “Sorry have to go Takemura needs to be fed.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed softly and hung up the phone only to get it ringing again which he adjusted the answering machine’s volume and heard “Dad pick up the phone now.” 
He obeyed recognizing Lance Knight’s voice on the answering machine and spoke “Jinks Montreal speaking yes?”
Jinks heard from Lance Knight “Ugh what’s with the ridiculous name of Jinks Montreal when your birth certificate says it’s Robert Lance Richard?”
He widened his eyes hearing that from Lance Knight felt the Master willed through as if compelled as his son spoke “Don’t deny that to me. My people found your birth certificate at the Zesky hospital through hacking through their computers. Explain this Jinks Montreal name now.” 
He found himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who he heard spoke “I’ll explain this later but not on the phone for its private.”
Jinks found himself back into his body abruptly while hearing Lance Knight speaking on the phone “Fine we’ll meet again later and I expect you to have a good reason for that birth certificate name change for I’ll ask when we meet in private for it.” 
He heard the dial tone sighed and hung up the phone-

Jinks paused from talking cutting himself off to frown staring at the typist finding her halted typing she speaking "Anything else you want to talk on such as the reason for your actual birth name?"
He heard an ahem sound to find the butler in the room speaking "It's time for Master to be in bed. That goes for Miss Victoria regardless of how much typing work she did. It includes Tom appearing to fallen asleep in the chair to be lying down in bed."
Jinks found Tom sleeping in the chair next to him. 
He sighed and got up ignoring Victoria speaking "I'll wake up Tom myself."
Jinks without a word went to his bedroom to lay down on the bed he hearing blaring in his mind "It's Kiddy. Admit it that you're Lance Richard, Deity Lord hence you named that as your birth name with nickname of Robert used."
Jinks spoke mentally in response "Meritanians, just let me sleep and talk on that subject later."
He heard in response "Fine but I'll be asking you that question again at another time."
Jinks shut his eyes in response passed out unconscious despite thinking to himself "I deny being Lance Richard, Deity Lord." 

Part Two: Past Hurts

Jinks rode the horse through the forest at night time seeing the path with night vision in his eyes with the Master in control. He felt the horse’s nervousness underneath him urged the horse to run with him guiding it over the path while hearing multiple roaring noises of the dinosaurs hiding all around him. He halted the horse when he saw a large structure loomed in sight seeing a rock wall with a large drawbridge door that had a sign next to it. 
He read the sign “Wolf’s Howl, New York.” 
Jinks sighed seeing that he had arrived to the town. He urged the horse to a slow walk following the structure’s wall that revealed a high overhead metal gated fence humming of electricity. He followed the fence seeing building structures from peering through the fence and paused as his eyes sight saw a hill with an identical like fence surrounding it on his left not surrounded by the town’s fence. He felt curiosity hit him urged the horse to gallop towards the hill’s fence which he saw was a cemetery and recognized it with familiarity hitting him. He reached the fence seeing it was high overhead and too high for the horse to jump over it while hearing humming of electricity followed it till a box on a stand stood away from the fence which he spotted a gate in the fence. He dismounted with a hand on the reins and went to the box which he opened its door to see a large metal switch in it. He pulled it down and heard the gate’s humming stop while sensing the electricity had ceased. He turned the horse around and released the reins and slapped the gonoid on the rump causing it to take off running into the forest out of sight hearing it whinnying in terror before hearing a roaring noise loudly which he grimaced from that figuring out that a dinosaur had targeted the gonoid. He went to the gate sliding it open and closed it behind him while spotting an identical box on a stand a bit away with a worn grass path next to it. He went to the box and opened it pulling up the switch. He again heard the sound of electricity humming through the fence. Sighing he walked among rows of tombstones looking worn from the weather’s elements looking at the gravestones’ names eyes searching. His feet led him to a row which he entered and walked among the graves eyes aimed at the tombstones till his eyes settled on two separated from the row by the contents facing another direction. 
He walked around the gravestones till he saw the names of the two which he read “Roosevelt Knight, Janel Knight.”
Jinks sighed of relief hitting him and walked to kneel in front of the tombstone less than an arm length away that said “Janel Knight.” 
He smiled a small smile and spoke out loud “I have come like I said I would and I won’t leave you again.” 
He reached a hand to touch the stone jutting up from the ground in a round arch to feel the carved words on it. He sighed again as a memory of Janel looking grandmother aged flashed in his mind. He shut his eyes allowing the memory to come through him which he remembered walking into a building in New York City around night time taking an elevator while feeling urged to hurry. 
Jinks pressed a button that said “Penthouse.”
He stood in the elevator brimming with impatience while wearing a business suit and a hat covering his head and sunglasses covering his eyes. The elevator reached its floor showing a hallway with a checkered floor. He heard crying sounds in the distance allowed him to follow it to an open a bit doorway which he peered through to see multiple people gathered inside a room that appeared to be a sitting room from the looks of it along with noticing some had their backs to the doorway. He could hear the crying becoming louder from inside the room. Jinks felt his feet lead him away from the door to down the hallway to a door at the end that was ajar as if compelled. He peered inside putting away his sunglasses to see a massive bed with a canopy in the room and froze seeing a female figure lying inside on the bed with white hair. He sighed as the female opened her eyes as if detecting him aimed at the doorway staring at him watching. He gently opened the door wider and walked inside shutting it behind him. 
He heard from the female in bed a raspy feminine voice speaking “Jinks Montreal, you came like you promised you would.” 
He sigh recognizing Janel’s voice despite the raspy tone and went to the bed to sit on it taking her old gnarled wrinkled hand in his grip. 
He stared at Janel who smiled a weak smile at him then she spoke “I told the others to come back when the sun rises. I didn’t want them to know of you visiting me.” 
He nodded his head towards Janel who again spoke “A pity that death can’t touch you, Jinks. Oh well. At least I’ll be with Roo again. What a reunion it’ll be when I see him.”
Jinks sighed again softly as Janel gripped his hand and then she spoke “I have told the others to bury me where Roo is buried. Will you visit my grave from time to time remembering me?”
He spoke “Yes I will. I will come to visit and will be sure to remember you.” 
He frowned as Janel gave off a raspy cough sound then she spoke “Jinks, remember me will you?”
He nodded his head as Janel closed her eyes and he heard her breathing become lesser and lesser followed by her breathing cut off which he felt Janel’s body gave up its life to death. Jinks raised Janel’s hand to his lips giving it a quick kiss then got up from the bed putting on his sunglasses. He left the room quietly walking pass the doorway where crying sounds were heard and went to the elevator taking it down to the lobby floor where he walked out of the building into the night. 
Jinks blinked his eyes of the memory flashing in his mind. He opened his eyes to stare at Janel’s gravestone and gave it a rub with his hand in a care gesture then he adjusted his position to lie down on his back eyes staring at the sky while taking off his leather gonoid skin hat off his head onto his chest while continuing to hear faint roaring noises of dinosaurs sounding loudly and faintly. He pulled off the pair of sunglasses still looking in good condition off his leather gonoid skin like top and placed them over his eyes while willing away the Master. He sigh eyes staring at the moon as a memory of himself wearing his leather gonoid skin clothing living homeless off the streets of New York City flashed in his mind. He had lived there for uncounted number of time struggling to find a way to Wolf’s Howl a town that over too many miles away from New York City via foot till one morning he out of desperation came upon a police man walking his horse on deserted street. He snuck behind the police man mentally telling him to sleep which the man collapsed onto the ground and he grabbed the reins getting onto the horse and galloped it out of the city in the direction where Wolf’s Howl town lay. It had taken him all day of riding the horse till he came upon an inn with a stable and found a stable hand sleeping in a stall with a horse appearing to be set for riding. He switched horses quietly and used the fresh horse to take him away. It had taken him many days with the horse to get to Wolf’s Howl avoiding dinosaurs targeting them both. He wound up having to using the items on the horse to survive till he reached the town at night while having the Master in control to outwit dinosaurs that were appearing to target his horse as he rode it. He recalled the horse stopping abruptly while he was riding to see a tyrannosaurus dinosaur came out of the bushes in front of him and acted threatening towards him along with giving chase when he rode the horse away. He frowned recalling that he had to get the horse into a river due to knowledge that the dinosaur wouldn’t go in and swim which he had the horse swim the river’s length reaching the other side then rode it towards where he wanted to go. Jinks continued to recall sensing the dinosaurs following but keeping their distance from him along with hiding from him as he rode the horse towards Wolf’s Howl. He sigh hearing an eerie roar sounding from his left recalled coming upon a group of raptor dinosaurs who howled the sound which his horse in fear ran with him clinging to the saddle and the gonoids were sensed giving chase till the horse jumped over a stone wall falling onto a river bank and went into the roaring river swimming with him on it which outwitted the dinosaurs who gave up chase. Jinks sigh and shut his eyes falling asleep.
Jinks woke up sensing daylight shining opened his eyes to see the sun was peeking a little above the horizon while hearing silence from the forest to sense that the dinosaurs has gone to sleep at the time of day. He sat up putting his hat on his head and did some limber stretches before swinging himself up by a karate move. He walked to the gate and shut off the electricity from the box then opened the gate sliding it shut behind him. He went to the box and turned back on the electricity then walked towards the town’s entrance. Jinks could see the drawbridge was down with people wandering out and some of them were standing around chatting with each other. He walked by them hearing their chats become silent seeing him walking by. He entered the town wandering among the buildings reading the signs displayed outside them while noticed by town’s folk. 
Jinks saw a building that said “Library.”
He wandered inside looking around to spot it was similar to Wethersfield’s town library complete with flat screened computers in one section and bookcases filled with books in another section with a series of tables scattered around with arm chairs around the tables. He sighed and spotted a case holding the newspapers and went to it. 
He took out a newspaper he saw said “King’s Times.” 
Sighing softly he went to a table hidden from view behind a bookcase in a corner he found and sat reading the paper. The newspaper detailed new laws by the King and a government group including laws that were struck down by either one. He continued to read an article said to be the King’s words as if the King himself wrote it like an editorial talking about times being hard due to technology troubles and troubles with the weather hitting the U.S. along with talking about the past Ancient Earth history about how the U.S. regrouped after arriving to Shadan. Jinks frowned reading the newspaper reading its entire contents. He sigh once done and went to the newspaper case putting it away then went to the computers examining one he saw needed library card for access. Sighing he wandered out of the library walking among the town exploring its contents visiting buildings that seemed to accept the public till the sun became low in the sky and he walked out of the town through the drawbridge entrance noticed by people standing around watching him. He went to the cemetery and let himself inside putting on the electricity after getting inside and walked to Janel’s grave to kneel eyes staring at her tombstone. He gently reached out a hand and gave the tombstone a rub of caring as the sun disappeared from the sky going pass the horizon. He lied on his back taking off his hat and sunglasses to stare at the sky as he again heard the dinosaur noises loudly. Jinks flinched from a glare of a flashlight abruptly shining in his face and yanked the sunglasses on to sit up glaring at the intruder he saw was a male wearing some police uniform. 
He frowned as the male spoke “Oh good that I’m not alone in here. I got to the town too late to see the drawbridge up and had to take shelter in here. I dislike being alone in graveyards. The place gives me the creeps.” 
Jinks rolled his eyes feeling annoyance hitting him as he again lied on his back and placed his hat on his chest to stare at the sky. He sensed the male had stopped shining his flashlight on him and was walking towards him. Jinks kept his mouth shut as the police man sat down next to him on Roosevelt’s grave without a word. He shut his eyes allowing himself to sleep and ignored the man who continued to chatter talk he heard partly about graveyards scaring him since he was a kid. Jinks fell asleep dreaming of memories with Janel flashing in his mind’s eye. He woke up sensing daylight to hear a loud snoring sound besides him. 
He sat up to look at the police man who had tan skin and long hair which was pulled back in a braid judging by the looks of it from the man’s lying position on his back who he saw had a name plate that said “Stonehawk”.
Jinks exhaled a breath and got up walking away. He heard a shout of surprise behind him and kept walking figuring that the police man had waken up. He went to the fence and undid the electricity and walked out to the town going through the drawbridge entrance noticed by people staring at him he again ignored. He walked to the town’s library and again got the newspaper with a different date on it in the newspapers’ case and went to a corner to sit at a table reading it. His stomach growled its hunger but he ignored the sensation to continue reading the newspaper and heard a throat clearing noise sounding nearby him. 
Jinks ignored the noise and heard a male voice whispering “Stranger, don’t you have a name sir?”
He lowered the paper to see the librarian wearing military combat clothing and tan skin with hair in a crew cut and intense blue eyes that stared at him creeping him out. 
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke whispering “The name’s Demeter.”
He again raised his paper to continue read and heard the librarian again speak “The name’s Cougar Longbow. Welcome to Wolf’s Howl. Feel free to ask for anything around here and people will see that you get it.” 
He kept his mouth shut and continued to read the paper hearing silence from the librarian and peered over it to see that Cougar had walked out of sight. He read the paper reading its entire contents and then got up putting it back in the newspapers’ case. 
His eye fell on a newspaper that said “Master’s Herald.”
Jinks felt curiosity hitting him picked up the newspaper and carried it back to the table where he sat and began reading it. He discovered the newspaper focused on the belief of believing Lance Richard as the Master. 
He continued to read the newspaper mention "There's an unidentified man whose facial appearance was looking alike to Lance Richard being pegged as the next Master that had disappeared some time ago. The man had gone into hiding due to being scared off by religious fanatics who saw him as their Deity Lord." 
Jinks paused from reading to grimace feeling annoyance running through him. He recalled to himself the reason why he was in Wolf’s Howl in hiding which was what the newspaper had said about religious fanatics who saw him as their Master and tried to worship him as a religious object instead of a living being with feelings. 
Jinks shook his head and continued to read the newspaper detailed "Attempts to find the man have resulted in few clues with searchers believers of the Master secretly seeking the man in hiding in an attempt to find him and help him cope with the religious fanatics."
Jinks paused from reading to thought to himself “Yeah right. Their not helping me with that by them making things worse by getting those fanatics aware of my location and then they’ll come and worship me like some prize object. My freedom and privacy will be restricted by them watching my every move like that white tiger at the zoo favored by King Winter and hardly given any privacy.”
He grimaced giving his head a shake then continued to read the newspaper which he read detailed information about what the Master would want believers to do which mentioned living life according to following the land’s laws and helping people with their problems whether their believers or not and passing along the belief to believer’s children. 
Jinks sigh pausing from reading thinking to himself “Just once can’t someone do something about the fanatics to get them stopped obsessed with the Master and let me have a life?”
He again grimaced and continued to read the newspaper which he found an article detailed information "Search efforts to find Lance Richard’s twin with them focusing in New York City. It's due to reports of people homeless and not homeless mysteriously hit with sleepiness when in presence of a man. People have from mind scans by Highlanders reported encountering a man matching Lance Richard’s facial appearance description wearing different types of clothing. The last sighting saying that he was wearing clothing that appeared to be leather gonoid skins and haven’t seen him since." 
Jinks groaned softly as he recalled mentally putting people to sleep whenever he encountered them confronting him on his face being twin to Lance Richard along with stealing items from the people he put to sleep such as money to buy food and an exchange of clothing. He recalled stealing items from the people that looked expensive and had pawned them off in pawn shops littered around in the city using the money for food and clothing which he would exchange putting his old clothes folded on a sidewalk and leaving it there. He remembered stealing a pair of sunglasses from an outside booth distracting the seller by pushing some people into it to make a mess which he had always worn them as a disguise for hiding while in New York City. Jinks recalled to himself that he came upon a dead homeless male bum in Chinatown's construction part of the city and had exchanged clothes putting on his current clothes on and putting his old ones on the dead bum and taking the bum’s hat which he went around the city wearing it unnoticed by people who didn’t seem to know that it was himself. Jinks frowned as he recalled getting feelings of being filmed by hidden camera while walking on a crowded sidewalk while in the city one day that the feeling freaked him out to disappear into an alley way getting rid of the feeling and coming upon a police officer walking his horse who he put to sleep and stole the horse riding it out of the city. 
Jinks shook his head and continued to read the article that stated "There were attempts by people to contact the man who in response put them to sleep using some mental power. The people have woken up with items on them gone such as money and their jewelry tracked in pawn shops littered around the city. Owners there reported seeing the man come in with those items and getting money for them. There was a report by Highlanders who sighted the man and tracked him till he disappeared into an alley way where they found a police horseman lying asleep on the ground and figured that the man had left the city by stealing the police man’s horse and could have gone anywhere." 
Jinks sigh reading the article and once done with the newspaper went to the newspapers’ case and put it away. He walked out of the library aimlessly wandering around and came upon the towns green to sit on bench staring at the grass breathing the cool air deeply. He sat with arms folded and sensed people watching him which he lifted his eyes to spot four people teenagers wearing gonoid skin clothes with long black hair and tan skins nearby two staring at him fully with their faces looking in his direction with blue eyes aimed at him while the other two appeared to hide it judging by their faces looking in another direction. He saw the sun become low in the sky walked to the drawbridge entrance while sensing himself being followed which his senses told him were the teenagers. He reached the drawbridge and walked out of the town ignoring people’s chatter becoming silent seeing him. He continued to walk till he reached the graveyard and went inside then turned on the electricity by the box switch. He walked to Janel’s grave to sit leaning his back on the gravestone eyes staring at the sky showing the colors of the sunset. 
He sighed and spoke out loud “Janel, wish you were here with me. I could use your comfort and your touch to assure me that everything will be alright.”
Jinks paused then continued as the sun disappeared below the horizon “I don’t know where to go besides here to hide from the religious fanatics who seem to see me as a prize object. I don’t know who to trust to keep me away from them and let me have a life as I please to do with it my way.” 
He paused to adjust his position till his back was on the ground and then added while yanking off his hat putting it on his chest “Sometimes I wish life was the way it was when you and Roosevelt were alive. Me living anonymously doing what I wanted without having people spying on me giving me no freedom and no privacy and people treating me as something worth worshipping. Ugh it’s not what I had in mind with my life hence me here with you in hiding.”
He felt sadness hitting him hard followed by his eyes watering tears which he didn’t resist to the emotion allowed it through to cry softly. He cried as tears spilled from his eyes falling down his cheeks and he rolled over onto his side curling into a ball with hands touching his face yanking off the sunglasses to wail a loud cry of anguish then became silent. Jinks cried to himself as he felt sleepiness hit him hard placed the sunglasses over his eyes and shut them willing himself to sleep. He dreamed of himself walking on a beach wearing clothing that felt familiar like to the touch and comfortable to his skin. He paused from walking to stare at the water and felt a hand on his arm to look at his left to see a man he recognized as Lance Richard with the crown on his head and clothing he saw looked familiar like but oddly different from Humans who had a frown in his face and eyes. Jinks sighed as Lance pulled him towards him which he didn’t resist and allowed the man to hug him which he burst into tears weeping very hard sobbing. 
Jinks weep out “Why oh why?”
He heard nothing from Lance but felt himself soothed by the man’s hands on his back and on the back of his head hugging him tighter. He cried more tears till they stopped coming and felt Lance gently rubbing his back with a hand on it. Jinks placed his hands on Lance’s sides gripping the man’s clothing in a tight grip as he felt the tears stopped. 
He groaned out “I can’t stand not having privacy and freedom to do what I want without people spying on me and some of those people are religious fanatics who see me as their religious Deity Lord the Master to worship me as that. I couldn’t take it anymore went into hiding. I didn’t know who to trust or where to go so I went to where I could be safe which is with her.” 
Jinks paused from talking as Lance continued to rub his back which he placed his chin on the man’s shoulder letting go of Lance’s clothing. 
He continued speaking “With her is the only place I could be safe and live anonymously as myself without religious fanatics bothering me. She brought joy to my life and I miss her terribly that I sleep on her grave braving the elements of nature. I miss my life with her when she was alive. I’m upset that death seemingly can’t touch me like it has touched her.” 
Jinks paused from talking to feel Lance’s arms stop holding him and felt the man gently push him away which he looked to see a frown on the man’s face and eyes. 
He spoke “Lance.” 
Lance to his annoyance interrupted putting a finger to his lips quieting him and saw a hint of a smile in the man’s eyes and face as the finger went down. Jinks frowned forming a questioningly look on his face while staring at Lance who placed a hand on his cheek gently patting the area then felt the man’s hand touch his forehead followed by him forcing his eyes closed as the scene went black. 
Jinks woke up with a start seeing that the sky was still dark with stars in it slowly winking out as it became lighter of the sunrise as the dinosaurs’ roaring noises ceased. He slowly sat up rubbing a hand on his forehead feeling himself tired and exhausted from his crying bout along with hunger pains he felt within him that couldn’t be ignored. Sighing he adjusted his position to lean against Janel’s gravestone eyes staring at the sky watching the sun slowly rise from the horizon shining rays of light. He grabbed his hat putting it on his head and stretched his limber exercises then awkwardly got up from the ground feeling tiredness running through him. He walked to the town’s entrance walking pass people standing around whom went silent seeing him. He entered the town walking to the library to the newspapers’ case which he grabbed a newspaper out of random and took it to his regular table in the corner and began to aimlessly reading it not registering the words in his mind. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding very loudly followed by the table jerking as if someone bumped into it. 
Jinks lowered the newspaper to see Cougar the librarian standing across from him who spoke “There’s a soup kitchen in the town hall building. See about getting a meal from there. Perhaps they can get you a bed in town.” 
Jinks nodded his head at Cougar’s words as the man again spoke “I just hope whatever is paining you to be in your situation becomes resolved. I don’t like seeing people hurt from bad situations and allowing it to overtake their life.”
He again nodded his head as Cougar formed a frown on his face before walking away. Jinks felt hunger pains hitting him hard sighed and folded up the newspaper which he got up walking to the newspapers’ case and put it away. 
He walked out of the library as a man bumped into him who sputtered “I’m sorry about that.”
He saw the man was bald with a brown haired beard and mustache and saw the man’s clothing were a brown vest with a white short sleeve long tunic underneath it along with blue long sleeves and the man had on black leggings like tights with brown boots who stared at him with intense probing look with his brown eyes. Jinks felt something familiar with the man shrugged and walked away going to the town hall building. He went inside looking around at the reception area and saw a female staring at him intensively that bothered him. 
Jinks frowned and turned to go and heard a female voice speaking “The soup kitchen entrance is at the back of the building with stairs going down to the basement.”
He waved a hand and then walked out of the building going around it to spot an open door with a sign on it. 
He reached the door and stiffened as he read the sign which said “Montreal soup kitchen.” 
Jinks frowned at the word Montreal went inside walking down the stairs to reach a door which his nose smelled food and his mouth watered as he opened the door and walked inside to see a large room with series of tables and chairs scattered around it. He saw at one end of the room on his right was an open end kitchen where two tan skinned men wearing cook uniforms were busy at stoves appearing to be in the middle of cooking. He saw one of them look in his direction and frowned watching as the cook grabbed a tray and began loading up dishes filled with food and a cup of liquid along with silverware which the man placed on the kitchen island and gestured with a hand towards him. Jinks felt his hunger take control went to the tray picking it up and carried it to a table which he sat down placing the tray on the table. He eyed the food that smelled good to him which he grabbed the fork and knife and began eating the food which he ate in a fast motion gobbling it up till there was nothing left and gulped down the cup’s contents till there wasn’t a drop left. Jinks sighed leaning back in the chair hands on his lap feeling his hunger gone from him. Jinks saw out of the corners of his eyes a familiar figure walk in his line of sight which he recognized as the bald man who bumped into him at the library going to his table to sit at a chair staring at him. Jinks felt the bald man’s eyes staring at him with an intense probing stare that bothered him. 
He stared back at the bald man who spoke “You’re Jinks Montreal.” 
Jinks stiffened at the bald man’s words that sounded like a statement of fact and not a question. 
Jinks spoke narrowing his eyes aimed at the man “The name’s Demeter. I don’t know who you’re talking about.” 
He stared at the bald man who shrugged and spoke “The name’s Steven Brown. As for the name of Demeter it’s the name of your favored by King Winter tiger who passed away years ago which you have been heard calling yourself that from people in New York City.” 
Jinks felt annoyance hitting him which he again spoke allowing anger to take control “I don’t know of a gonoid named Demeter. It’s just a name I’ve taken a liking to and have been calling myself that.”
Jinks felt anger arriving within him to cause him to glare at Steven who again shrugged and spoke “Only Jinks Montreal would sleep on a grave belonging to a girl he had in his life in some cemetery said to be haunted spoken around by the town’s folk.” 
He felt his anger take control angrily got up from the chair and walked away going out of the building up the stairs. He sensed Steven had followed him outside and he went to a bench to sit and felt the man sitting next to him to his annoyance. 
He heard Steven speak “Put your faith in Lance, Jinks.” 
Jinks snarled an angry gonoid like sound and got up from the bench storming towards the drawbridge entrance as he heard the Master inside him roaring its noises. He felt a hand grab his arm in a tight grip which he angrily yanked his arm out of to face Steven who had a frown on his face. 
Jinks pointed a finger at Steven and spoke “Leave me alone. Go back to where you come from and forget about me.” 
He lowered his hand as Steven spoke “You have forgotten yourself, Jinks.”
He walked away and again felt his arm grabbed in an ironclad grip which he angrily allowed the Master to take control grabbed the hand with his hand and yanked the hand off his arm twisting Steven’s arm till it was behind the man in a tight grip. 
He spoke in the Master’s voice “I said leave me alone and stop intruding on my privacy and freedom. Go back to where you came from and forget me. I’m sick and tired of your behavior towards me.” 
He heard Steven speak with pain in his voice “I would if I could, Jinks.” 
He angrily raised Steven’s arm till he heard the man groan in pain before groaning out “There are others who don’t view you the way you’re thinking of. Allow them to help you like I will.” 
Jinks snarled some gonoid like sound and growled out “Leave me alone, Steven.” 
He raised a knee hitting it on Steven’s back who groaned loudly before pushing the man away from him who fell to his knees. He angrily walked around Steven till he was in front of the man and raised his fist aimed at the man’s face that had pain in his eyes. 
“Enough! Break it up now stranger!” Jinks heard a sound of a whistle blowing coming from behind him. 
He again aimed his fist towards Steven as he again heard Stonehawk’s voice sounding closer coming towards him “Stranger! You heard me!”
Jinks heard Steven speak “Come with me please.” 
He angrily brought his fist into Steven’s face connecting with the man’s forehead and felt a body ramming into him from behind knocking him to the ground followed by steel felt on his head.
He heard Stonehawk’s voice with irritation in the voice speaking “Put your hands behind your back now! You’re spending a night in the brig for that! Behavior like it isn’t tolerated around here!”
He obeyed putting his hands on his back and felt steel clipping onto his wrists followed by a hand pulling him up to a standing position. He heard voices chattering coming closer as he saw towns’ people walking towards his position. 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as Stonehawk yelled “Get a medic to attend Steven will you?!”
He saw towns’ people breaking into a run going past him as Stonehawk pulled him away going to a building with steps on it which he recognized as the police station. He willed the Master away feeling himself fuming from his behavior towards Steven as Stonehawk pushed and pulled him inside the building where he saw an area of desks scattered around with computers on them. 
He saw a white haired cop with tan skin and brown eyes come out of a doorway in the wall towards Stonehawk who loudly spoke “I caught this guy punching out the new guy Steven Brown in the face. I aim to book him for a night in jail.”
Jinks saw the white haired cop nod his head whose name plate read “Walker.”
He stared at Walker who walked forwards hands aiming towards his face which he jerked from the man taking off his hat and sunglasses off of him. 
Jinks saw recognition form on Walker’s eyes and face who spoke loudly “I know this man.”
He felt annoyance hitting him as Walker spoke “It’s the missing guy from the photo who Steven Brown showed me said that he was a bounty hunter hired from some family who have been seeking him for awhile.” 
Jinks formed a glare on his face as Walker added “There must have been something bad going on with this guy’s family hence he punching Steven and resisting the bounty hunter’s attempts to go with him quietly.”
He heard Stonehawk speak “You want me to book him or not?”
He glared at Walker with his blue eyes narrowed as the police chief he assumed was his title spoke “Do it. A night in jail should cool this guy’s temper enough to listen to the bounty hunter’s reasons for seeking him.” 
Jinks felt Stonehawk haul him through the desk area to a door way which he saw was stairs leading up and down in both directions. He felt the man pull him down the stairs to a door which Stonehawk kicked open with a foot and he found himself in a hallway with a series of gated barred doors on both sides. He felt himself pausing as Stonehawk waved a hand in his line of sight at a console on the door which opened with a creak sound. He felt the handcuffs off of his wrists and he thrust inside the room and heard the door slam behind him. Jinks eyed the some what small rectangular room illuminated by a round overhead light shining above him while sensing a camera recording his every move that was stone cement all around with a high barred window high above his head on the wall facing him. He saw below the window was a toilet with a sink next to it and besides it was a metal bed with a mattress and a pillow on it along with a blanket. He felt sleepiness hit him hard yawned loudly to go to the bed pulling the blanket up and got on the bed lying on his side pulling the blanket over his head shutting his eyes falling asleep. He dreamed of ocean water showing two flower plants in the color black rising from the ocean unfurling their petals. 
He heard two feminine voices speaking in different tones “I’m Erra, I’m Terra.” 
The female voices continued speaking different sentences “Lance Richard has made believers aware of their fanatical behavior towards you that is driving you away from them. He has informed them that the behavior isn’t tolerated by himself and you along with several others who are powerful as Lance agreeing with his words. Lance has made it clear that fanatical behavior towards you wasn’t being tolerated hence you in hiding and seeking relief from it.”
Jinks frowned hearing the female plants’ words as they added each again speaking a sentence “Lance has asked us to tell you that you should be putting your problems in him to solve and not keeping them to yourself or solving them that way. He feels that you have forgotten that he is powerful enough to influence people and help them with their problems like the caring leader he is. He has said that when you have trouble you should turn to him for help with the problem and he’ll help you for he is being there for you to help solve your problem.”
The dream went black followed by himself standing on a beach wearing clothing that felt familiar to his body. He stood staring at the water as he felt a hand on his arm and looked at his left to see Steven with a frown on his face. 
He stared at Steven who spoke “I arrived in the area nearby town closest to Wolf’s Howl several days ago from Connecticut seeking you. I went around trying to find you and felt like I was getting no where so I asked Lance for help. He gave me a dream one night of the town of Wolf’s Howl and you dressed in gonoid skin clothing while appearing to be crying in some graveyard in front of a gravestone with Janel Knight’s name on it. I was there at this beach with several others who I’m not sure who they are when he comforted you as you complained about your life.”
Jinks frowned hearing Steven’s words as the man paused then continued to speak “I’m sorry that you’re in pain, Jinks. I just wish there was some way I could help you with your suffering.”
He lowered his eyes to stare at the water turning his head away as he felt Steven’s hand gently rub his arm with a pat and again looked up to discover Steven gone. He sigh eyes staring at the water feeling peacefulness arriving within him. He felt a hand touch his arm looked to see a female with facial appearance of Janel but her eyes were brown while wearing a white dress. He stared at her seeing recognition in her eyes and a frown on her face as she wordlessly walked till she was in front of him and gave him a hug. He wrapped his arms around her feeling her hands rub his back in a gentle motion. He sighed loudly from hugging her as she pulled herself a bit backwards to stare at him in the face. Jinks stared at her as she gently brought a hand to his cheek gently rubbing which he pushed his face into her hand and felt her other hand going to his forehead followed by it forcing his eyes closed as the dream went black. 
Jinks came to with his eyes closed to feel himself lying in the bed in the cell with blanket over his head. He kept his eyes closed and adjusted his position till he was lying on his stomach and dreamed of himself lying on a bed grander than the cell bed with eyes shut appearing to be peacefully dreaming with his back on it. He saw a female Human with long black hair lying on her side with her head on his chest looking peaceful judging by her expression on her face with a hand touching his cheek and his arms were around her. The scene changed to show him sitting in a rocking chair holding a blanketed bundle in his arms appearing to be a baby with a happy look on his face eyes staring at the bundle as the black haired woman arrived into view. The woman he saw lifted the bundle from him as he got up from the rocking chair and the woman sat in it adjusting her top baring one of her breasts and put part of the bundle towards the bared breast as himself leaned over watching with a hand on her shoulder. 
The dream went black as Jinks came to feel a hand on his shoulder gently shaking him awake. He opened his eyes and rolled over on his side as the hand stopped touching him to look at Steven who had an upset look in his eyes and face. 
Steven spoke “Are you alright, Jinks?”
He sat up and spoke “I don’t know.”
He heard a throat clearing noise looked to see Walker standing at the door with seriousness on his face. 
Walker spoke as he held up Jinks’ hat and sunglasses “I believe you’ll need this, Jinks Montreal.”
Jinks shot Steven a confused look as the man noticing his look spoke “Chief Walker recognized you despite you having a disguise on. He was sort of defensive when I came to the station asking about you as a missing person I was seeking. Walker made it clear to me that you were in pain and was suffering from something he thinks involves the passing of Janel Knight. The anniversary of her death was the day people first saw you in Wolf’s Howl.”
He frowned as he got up from the bed and walked to Walker who handed him the hat and sunglasses which he put on and wordlessly followed the Chief up the stairs to a doorway entering it to see Stonehawk at a desk typing on the computer who looked up with recognition in his eyes seeing him. 
Jinks paused from walking as he heard Walker speak “Stonehawk is the horses ready for travel?”
He looked at Walker as he heard Stonehawk speak “Yes their tied up outside to the bike rack.” 
Jinks stared at Walker who looked at him and spoke “Good luck, stranger. I hope things work out. There’s always a place here for you if you need it.” 
He nodded his head and wordlessly followed Steven out of the police station seeing the light of sunrise in the sky and going around a corner and paused seeing two brown horses geared for riding tied up to the bike rack next to the building that neighed seeing him. He frowned hearing the sound for it sounded like happiness and saw the happy look in the horses’ eyes. Sighing he went to a horse as Steven went to the other one. He pulled up the reins untying them from the bike rack and got up on the horse adjusting the reins in his hand. He eyed Steven who did the same and followed the man on horseback to the drawbridge entrance and together they broke into a horse gallop running through the forest following a path sensing dinosaurs hiding but not interested in the both of them or their horses. He followed Steven riding till sunset as he heard plane engines overhead and looked up to spot a plane flying low in the sky going down disappearing below the tree tops. He slowed the horse for a walk as Steven did the same and followed the man on horse back through a series of bushes and halted the horse seeing a small airfield with a somewhat large plane on it and several large buildings in sight peeking thought the forest of trees. He exhaled a breath following Steven going across the air field towards a building which he saw was a horse stable while hearing horses neighing sounds coming from it. He reaching the building saw a male come out wearing a plaid shirt and overalls stand waiting with arms folded. 
The male spoke with an accent “Steven Brown. I see yah got what yah came for. Perfect timing that the plane arrived as yah did. So give me the horses and me will take care of them.” 
Jinks saw Steven dismounted which he copied and guided the horse to the male who took the reins of both horses and walked away going into the stable. He followed Steven to the plane which its door opened followed by the stairs extending down to touch the ground. He saw a Highlander appear in view wearing army clothing who stood with arms folded as he and Steven went up the stairs. Inside Jinks saw rows of seats of two on both sides of him with an aisle between them and saw a female sitting in one of the seats next to a window wearing sunglasses on her face with brown wavy hair. He followed Steven into the plane and heard the plane door shut and eyed the female who slowly with a hand took off her sunglasses and he stiffened seeing her face. He saw that her face appeared to look like Janel but she had brown eyes and he recognized her as the woman from his dream that looked at him with a range of emotions in her face and eyes. 
He saw Steven went to sit at a seat as the woman spoke in a voice with familiarity in it “Jinks, would you mind sitting next to me? There’s quite a lot to talk about.”
Jinks sighed and went to the aisle seat next to her sitting next to the window and he sat down next to her and buckled himself in while sensing the plane move taking off on the runway going into the air. 
Jinks heard the woman again speak “Sorry for going through this trouble to find you but it was important.” 
He looked at the woman staring at him who added “The name’s Jinnee descendant of Janel whose line is from her daughter Lizette.”
He sighed softly as Jinnee continued to speak “Lance Richard in a dream told me to get the plane at this time in this area. He said that what I’ve been seeking would be there. I admit I’ve been seeking you for a long time with no success of a face to face meeting till now.”
He continued to stare at Jinnee who paused and reached with a hand and gripped his left hand in a gentle grip squeezing it gently. 
Jinks sighed again loudly as Jinnee spoke “My family never got to properly thank you for granting Janel’s last wish of honoring her with your presence on her deathbed before Janel herself passed away. I thank you for that, Jinks.”
He saw a small smile appear in her face smiled in return as she reached with her other hand and touched his cheek gently rubbing which the touch sooth him. Jinks felt Jinnee’s hand move to his forehead gently rubbing and he felt his senses blare as he felt sleepiness arrive within him. He blinked his eyes and droop his head bowing it shutting his eyes allowing sleep to hit him unconscious. 
Jinks woke up wearing a hospital gown with his clothes exchanged gone from him while hearing thunder rumbling loudly to find he lying on a bed with blankets up to his chest in a room with round windows and he felt a tipping feeling that told him he was on a boat. He opened his eyes to see his eyes sight flash from night vision to daylight vision as lightening flashed outside followed by thunder rumbling loudly. He felt a purring vibration next to his right leg sat up to look and saw a cat tummy sitting with eyes unblinking staring at him with a serious look in them. Jinks reached with his hands and gently picked up the cat who didn’t protest to being handled and he cradled the gonoid to his chest by his arms around it. He sigh feeling the cat giving off purring and rumbling vibrations within it that made him snuggle the gonoid tighter in his arms. 
He spoke out loud “I miss you and you’re purring along with your silky fur soft to the touch. I miss sleeping in bed with you on my chest giving off your purring vibrations lulling me to sleep.”
He paused as the cat fidgeted in his arms which he adjusted his hold still holding it. 
Jinks again spoke out loud “What I miss most of all is your friendship and you being there for me whenever I needed you. I miss having you in my life supporting me with your unconditional love and never judging me for who and what I am.”
He felt sadness hitting him hard allowed the tears to flow as he slowly rocked his form still holding the cat who gave off as soft mew sound and felt a paw touch his cheek gently stroking. Jinks cried as the tears flowed from his eyes sobbing soft sounds of anguish hitting him hard. He cried and cried while feeling a dam inside him burst till the tears stopped flowing and then night vision became dominant in his eyes sight as he sensed the storm outside had stopped. He got up from the bed arms still around the cat as he walked to the window to stare at the ocean water moving outside below his view of peering out the window. He sighed feeling the cat fidget again and went to the bed placed the gonoid on it releasing it from his arms then again went to the window putting hands on the window pane. He stared out the window at the vast moving ocean far in his eye sight and continued to watch it as the stars in the night sky began to wink out as it became lighter from the sun of sunrise. He leaned his head against the window pane like in a trance still staring at the scene outside and heard a yowl sound from behind him as the sun peeked over the horizon and heard a door opening sound from behind him. Jinks continued to stare out the window as he heard a throat clearing noise and numbly didn’t acknowledge the sound. He shut his eyes weariness hitting him as he felt a hand touch his shoulder shaking it gently. Jinks opened his eyes and moved himself from the window to face the hand’s owner who he saw was an apparent older man with short white hair wearing black clothing with a white rugby like collar around his neck appearing to look familiar to him. 
He stared at the male who spoke “Jinks Montreal never thought I would meet you again after all these years. You seem to be deathless and ageless like I am judging by the looks of you still the same as your last visit here too many years ago.” 
He stared at the male with confusion in his face as the man continued “I’m afraid we never got to be properly introduced last time you were here. The name’s Alexei Zesky, head of the Zesky Hospital and the Zeskaya ship the hospital is residence in.”
Jinks frowned staring at Alexei as the man continued “Its seems that you have the deathless part of the Zeskaya race like I have judging by you still alive and appearing ageless with no change to your appearance since your last visit here.” 
He sighed softly as Alexei paused then continued to speak “The Zeskaya since your last visit have been informed of you and its they who are secretly watching you in their hidden forms with the help of others trying to keep you out of harms way. Isn’t that right, Leader?”
Jinks saw Alexei turn his head to look in another direction which he did the same and saw a figure appear from an apparent hidden invisibly state appearing to have a male form with scaly skin with Human like hands and a barrel shaped head that his instincts told him was a head cover mask. He stared at the figure he figured was a Zeskaya who with Human hands reached to the back of the head and yanked off the head cover mask showing a Human like face identical to Alexei with long white hair pulled back and Human golden eyes that appeared narrowed aimed at him with a serious look in them. 
He stared at the Zeskaya who spoke in an identical accent as Alexei’s “Yes, Alexei, my comrades have kept an eye on him in their hidden forms without him being aware of us. I’m surprised that he appeared to not detect my people despite him displaying some usual abilities not seen in the Zeskaya since we first came to exist. Those abilities he displayed are interesting.” 
He frowned as Alexei spoke “Yes it’s interesting. I wonder if his hybrid status had a part in him not detecting the Zeskaya. He’s also part Highlander with no mind walking ability displayed and Human as well.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his face eyes shifting back and forth from Alexei to the Zeskaya who both nodded their heads with some look of agreement on their faces with their eyes narrowed staring at each other. 
Jinks cleared his throat loudly as both males looked at him and he spoke “How long have the Zeskaya been watching me?”
He stared at Alexei who frowned visibly to stare at the Zeskaya who spoke “Long enough.” 
He felt confusion hitting him formed it on his face while staring at the Zeskaya whose eyes shift to Alexei with a glare in them. 
He heard Alexei speak “The Zeskaya, don’t follow calendars Human or alien alike so time has no meaning to them except existing to live as long as they live forever.” 
Jinks groaned softly as he shifted his eyes towards Alexei who bobbed his head in a short bob towards him then he heard the cat yowl its sound. 
He shifted his eyes towards the cat as Alexei spoke “Leader, the cat indicated that the food cart is about to arrive with someone coming so showing yourself is your decision.” 
Jinks heard the Zeskaya he assumed was named Leader speaking “It’s not prophesied for that time yet and its best I’ll be going. I have business elsewhere.” 
He turned his attention towards Leader who put on the mask and watched him walk to a doorway disappearing in a flash of light with the doorway’s door slamming shut abruptly followed by the sound of a door opening with a squeaking sound sounding in the room. Jinks looked to see male wearing medical scrubs with a frown on his face standing in the room with a high as his waist cart and his nose smelled the food coming from it that made his mouth water. 
He heard Alexei speak “I’ll see you around, Jinks. Perhaps I’ll see you again at another time.” 
He watched as Alexei left the room closing the door behind him and heard the medic clear his throat twice. Sighing Jinks went to the bed and stood watching as the medic adjusted part of the bed in an up position which he sat down on it crossed legged and eyed the medic who picked up a tray filled with dishes and a cup from the cart and set it on his lap. Jinks ate the food with gusto using the silverware watched by the medic leaving no bites left and did the same with the cup filled with liquid he recognized as orange juice leaving none left as he drank it all up. Once done he held up the tray which the medic took putting it on the cart and then hauled it to the door opening it under his watchful eyes and left the room pushing the cart out closing the door behind him. Jinks sighed and adjusted his legs straightening them to lean back against the bed in a sitting leaning position eyes staring at his hands on his lap. He heard a soft meow sound and shifted his eyes towards the cat that walked onto his lap to tummy sit on his stomach making him smile a small smile aimed at the cat who stared at him with unblinking golden eyes with seriousness in them. He sighed and removed his hands from underneath the cat and with a hand rubbed its back in a gentle motion feeling the soft fur underneath his hand soothing him. He exhaled a breath through his mouth feeling the cat give off a purring like rumbling vibration he felt that made him feel sleepy. He yawned putting a hand over his mouth and shook his head of the sleepiness that persisted and removed his hand to place it on the cat’s back. He leaned his head back against the pillow eyes staring at the ceiling that had beams appearing to be made out of wood jutting from the walls above him. Jinks felt the sleepiness persists some more shrugged and placed his other hand on the cat’s back before shutting his eyes falling asleep. 
Jinks dreamed of a cat he recognized as Demeter bounding around in a grass field under sun light high above. He saw Demeter run towards a figure who came into view he recognized as Lance Richard who squatted with a hand petting the cat on the head who appeared to enjoy the feel of it from pushing her head into Lance’s hand. He watched as Lance stopped petting Demeter who sat back on her haunches then jumped up onto his shoulder which he straightened up his form to a standing position. He saw Demeter curl herself around the back of Lance’s neck with her chin on his shoulder eyes appearing to shut with a content look on her face. 
Jinks saw Lance’s eyes shift to his eyes sight point of view and heard the man speak without his mouth moving “She’ll keep me company accompanying me here in my loneliness and will be watching you in spirit as I do the same. Don’t worry about her, Jinks. You have her permission to get another in her place if you wish for that for it’s up to you.”
He saw Lance nod his head in a short bob before turning around walking away as the sunlight became brighter and brighter blinding him to shut his eyes. 
Jinks woke up with a start finding himself not in the Zesky hospital but in a bedroom lying in a too large for one person bed head on the pillow that felt soft to his touch with blankets on his form up to his chest that felt like they were made out of a rich material. He sat up shaking his head of sleep to look around the room he recognized as the one Janel died in but bed was different this time, with confusion running through him. He saw large black curtains glowing dimly on the wall on his left with two armchairs in front of it with a small table with a lamp on it between them. He rubbed his forehead and removed the blankets to swing his legs from the bed seeing he was wearing his familiar black sweatpants and nothing else on him. He eyed the bed’s table next to it with a lamp on it and a clock that appeared to be a combination battery and electricity clock which he read the time finding it was morning around eight o’clock which he got up from the bed to stand looking around the room with the bed on his left. He spotted a doorway next to the bed’s table on his right and walked to it entering it to see it was a large luxury bathroom complete with large separate tub and shower stall and double sinks with large rectangular mirrors above them in the wall. He rubbed a hand on his forehead sighing loudly and stripped himself of the sweatpants baring him in the buff and went to the shower stall to turn on the water to heat tolerable levels. He raised his face shutting his eyes feeling the water pour over him like rain water from the large round circular shower faucet above him. Sighing he lowered his face opening his eyes and searched for the soap finding it along with shampoo bottles on a shelf in the shower stall wall. He took the soap and began scrubbing himself clean and put away the soap to grab the shampoo bottle pouring a generous amount in his hand and putting away the bottle to put the shampoo in his hair which he scrubbed clean. He placed both hands down on his sides and shut his eyes allowing the water to rinse him of soap and shampoo he sensed gone from him. Jinks rubbed a hand on his head and shut off the water going out of the stall heading towards the towel rack he found was heated which he pulled off a towel that felt fluffy to the touch which he used to towel himself dry. He wrapped the towel around his waist and picked up his sweatpants hanging it on a hook on the door then left the bathroom to look in the bedroom. Jinks spotted a set of double doors facing his bed on a wall in line of sight which he went to. He slid them open to see a some what small room large as the bathroom looking like a small closet with a padded bench sitting in the middle of the room with clothes hanging on one side on his left with shoes appearing to be dressy below it while the other side he saw appeared to be empty of items. Jinks eyed the clothes he saw were all in the color black and seemed to be expensive looking. He saw a pair of two dressers facing him between the hanging clothes rails which he went to looking in the dresser on his left. He saw in one drawer were metal jewelry like ties, in another drawer below it were socks rolled up all in the color black and in a third drawer below it were pairs of underwear shorts all in the color black which he took one out and put it on yanking off the towel to place on top of the dresser. Jinks looked in the fourth drawer seeing nothing in it and looked in the other dresser seeing it was empty. He went to the clothes to examine them and saw jackets, t-shirts, long sleeve shirts and pants all numbering five and felt richly made from the feel of them. Jinks yanked a t-shirt off the hanger putting it on that clung to his form then grabbed a pair of pants which he put on his form then went to the dresser to pull out a pair of socks. He took a pair of shoes and went to the padded bench sitting down to put on the socks and shoes on then stood up and grabbed the towel then walked out of the closet sliding the doors closed behind him. He went into the bathroom to place the towel on a warming rack then went to explore the drawers below the sinks. He saw in one drawer were hairbrushes and hair bands jumbled in it which he took out a hairbrush and used it on his hair brushing it neatly. He sigh and placed the hairbrush on the sink counter then walked out of the bathroom going to the bedroom entrance’s double doors which he flung open to see a man appearing to be older than his body’s age by his facial appearance and white hair while wearing a black business suit wearing a bow tie who looked at him giving him the feeling that the man wanted something from him. 
Jinks spoke “Uh?”
He frowned as the man’s expression stayed the same as the man spoke with an accent that made him think it was odd to him “The name is Willingham your butler.” 
He nodded his head and walked down the hallway reaching the elevator and went inside seeing the butler didn’t follow him. 
Sighing he pressed the button labeled “Lobby.”
Jinks felt the elevator went down with a soft humming sound till it stopped at the lobby floor where he saw six Highlanders wearing army clothing and long guns in their hands scattered around the room that straightened up seeing him. He eyed the building’s glass doors showing people walking by outside in different directions and walked towards it only to be blocked by a Highlander guard. 
Jinks frowned as the guard spoke “There’s a bench outside you can go sit on but if you go further than that bench our protecting you ends.”
He frowned to nod his head and walked outside seeing the bench sitting on his left underneath a canopy which he went to sit leaning his back against it with his arms folded. He eyed the people walking by him and frowned seeing some of them looking his way with reverence in their eyes which made him nervous. Jinks shifted his eyes to people’s clothes to spot Peasant cult member clothing on scattered people walking by and saw some of them slow their walking which made him more nervous. Sighing he got up and walked inside the building going into the lobby to the elevator. He walked into the elevator and pressed the button to the apartment penthouse. Jinks rubbed a hand over his eyes feeling his nervousness leave him while exhaling a breath through his mouth as the elevator went up. He felt the elevator stop with a jerk walked out and began exploring the apartment which he discovered a large square windowless room with a wall of mirrors facing the double doors and a punching bag in the corner near the entrance. He walked inside and felt the floor was padded and with a sigh began doing his karate motions. He sensed himself being watched during his motions and peered at the mirrors to see the double doors were open a crack showing a pair of eyes sideways peering into the room. Jinks frowned as his senses blared warning him that there was cameras in the room on recording his move which he looked up at the room’s corners to spot round black balls with red dots in them. Jinks felt himself getting hungry ended his karate and headed towards the doors seeing the eyes disappear and slam shut which he went to the doors opening them to peer into the hallway to see Willingham walking down the hallway towards the doors who again gave him a familiar expression on his face. Jinks exhaled a breath and walked out and paused from walking as Willingham met him. 
Jinks spoke “You know where I can eat around here?”
He stared at Willingham who spoke “Follow me. I’ll lead you to the dining room.” 
He wordlessly followed Willingham to the dining room which had swinging double doors in one wall he noticed as he sat at the head of the twelve setting table he counted. 
He spotted on the table next to him were two folded newspapers which he read the titles saying “King’s Times, Master’s Herald.”
Jinks exhaled a breath recognizing the newspapers as the ones he read while in Wolf’s Howl that gave him a feeling that people assumed he liked to read those papers hence having them there. 
Jinks saw a headline on the first page of the Master’s Herald paper that said “Look alike found.” 
He sighed softly and picked up the newspaper unfolding it to read the article which blurb "Lance Richard’s look alike had been found and brought to a secure location to help the male cope with problems he was visibly suffering from." 
He heard the swinging doors open looked at his right to see a woman wearing a black and white outfit with an apron in front arrive carrying a tray with smells of food coming off it. He put down the newspaper as the woman he noticed looked older than him middle aged judging by a streak of white in her hair and tan skin looking a little wrinkled on her face. He saw her brown eyes looked kind as she placed the tray in front of him then stood next to the table with hands behind her back giving him a look that told him to eat the food. Jinks obeyed eating the food and drinking the cup’s liquid and once done sat back watching as the woman lifted up the tray and walked out of the dining room going through the swinging double doors which he spotted as they opened a kitchen. Jinks got up from the table and went to the swinging doors to see a large galley kitchen and saw a male appearing to be the woman’s age with black hair with a streak of white in it with hint of wrinkles on his face at the stove cooking food that paused from his motions to stare at him standing in the kitchen. Jinks spotted the woman at a sink on his right appearing to be washing the dishes as he saw on his left was a window showing a view of buildings far in the horizon along with a table in front of it with a wooden bench. 
Jinks heard a voice male tone speak “Master Jinks, my name is Jeff Groundwater and I’m your cook.” 
He looked at the man at the stove wearing a white chef outfit looking at him which he spoke “Oh.”
He stared at Jeff who spoke “I hear you met the butler Willingham. The lady doing the dishes is my wife Roberta Groundwater who assists me in my cooking duties.”
Jinks nodded his head as Jeff paused then continued to speak “There are two other servants both are my daughters Sarah and Roxanna who assist Willingham with his duties and they mostly do the cleaning in your home.”
Jinks frowned inwardly at the words your home as Jeff continued to speak “We servants don’t live in your home but in apartments set aside for us in the building.” 
He again nodded his head and watched as Jeff turned his attention towards the stove and resumed cooking by appearing to be stirring something in a pot. He sighed and left the kitchen going through the dining room and explored the apartment. He found a library like sitting room with double doors open with wall to wall shelves full of books of all sizes and all types of designs on them and spotted in the middle of the room were two armchairs with a large table between them that each had a lamp on next to it. He wandered into the room to stare at the books and randomly pulled out a book which he saw was a paperback with a bookmark sticking in it with a couple wearing medieval clothes on its cover in a clinch position. He sighed recognizing the book as a romance novel set it on the table between the arm chairs and walked out of the room closing the doors behind him. He felt tiredness hitting him went to his bedroom closing the double doors behind him and went to lamps turning them off in the room plunging it somewhat dark despite the curtains glowing light. Jinks went to the closet and stripped himself of the clothes and shoes putting them on the bench and walked out in the buff to the bathroom. He went inside to grab his sweatpants putting them on and then went out to sit in an armchair feeling numbness hitting him. He allowed his mind to become blank as he numbly sat eyes staring at the floor unaware of the time. He sat as his night vision became dominant and felt a terrible feeling of sadness hitting him that made him burst into tears crying uncontrollably which he rocked his form with hands on his head. Jinks heard the bedroom entrance’s doors open and closed which he looked up to see a female wearing a Peasant cult member dress standing in the room looking around blindly not seeing him with nervousness in her face. Jinks felt the urge to mate arrive within him got up and went to the woman putting his hands on her shoulders which he felt her stiffen to the touch. He brought his lips to hers kissing her while feeling her hands blindly felt him settling on his chest. He kissed the woman while sensing her kiss him back as her hands traveled up from his chest to his tear stained cheeks blindly touching him then settled in his hair. Jinks broke off the kiss to put hands on her dress on her hips and slowly brought them over her head yanking it off her form with no protest from her to drop the dress onto the floor. He saw she had on a long t-shirt like dress on underneath and he slowly took it off her form and eyed her breasts while sensing her nervousness. He let go of her and took off his sweatpants tossing them aside then placed his hands on her shoulders while feeling her stiffen. Jinks slowly brought one of his hands on her back and the other hand to under her knees lifting her up which she clutched to his head while sensing nervousness coming from her. He carried her to the bed lying her form on it and placed his form slowly on top of her while feeling her hands go to his shoulders nails digging into them as her legs parted accommodating him. Jinks entered her feeling no barriers blocking the way and felt the woman struggling to relax with him inside her. He slowly took his time thrusting while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He sensed her feeling the same by her relaxing each time he entered her. Jinks with a jerk spilled himself inside her while jerking from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him as he felt the woman feeling the same as the urge to mate left him. He once the charge stopped coursing through him kissed the woman on the cheek and pulled out to lie on his back which he pulled her on top of him on her stomach with his hands and wrapped his arms around her as he shut his eyes allowing sleep to overtake him. 
Jinks woke up alone in bed seeing the clock showing it was ten o’clock in the late morning which he got up and went to grab his sweatpants taking them to the bathroom. He entered the shower thinking of the previous night’s events flashing in his mind. He came out of the bathroom in the buff going to the closet to grab his folded clothes on the bench putting them on. He walked out of the bedroom to see the butler standing in the hallway looking at him with a familiar look. 
Jinks spoke “Who’s that woman that visited me the other night?”
He stared at Willingham who spoke “Her name is Lauralee which I last saw her going into the elevator.” 
Jinks felt confusion hitting him but felt hunger hitting him went to the dining room to sit. He eyed the newspapers with distaste running through him as Roberta arrived carrying a tray full of food which she set in front of him. He took his time eating the food and drink the once done left the dining room going to the hallway to the elevator which he took to the lobby floor. 
He eyed a Highlander guard and spoke “Lauralee, did you see her here?”
The guard spoke “She left the building but didn’t say that she’ll be back.” 
Jinks felt himself go numb hearing that as he darted towards the entrance only to feel a hand touching his chest blocking him which he heard a Zeskaya toned voice speaking “Don’t leave and search for her. Let us do it for you.” 
Jinks in respond yanked the hand off his chest and again darted towards the entrance only to feel arms wrap around his middle pulling him backwards which he struggled waving his arms against the grip. He felt himself yanked into an elevator which the arms kept it hold as the elevator went up. He struggled yanking against the hands holding him but no available as the elevator reached the penthouse floor and he was pushed out. Jinks felt anger arrive within him stormed to the room with the punching bag in it he dubbed gym room. He charged with a roar at the punching bag ramming his form repeatedly into it till he felt himself calming down to do karate on it. He felt himself being watched ignored the feeling and went to the middle of the room to kneel and shut his eyes mediating which his thoughts jumbled thinking about Lauralee. 
He heard the doors open behind him followed by Willingham’s voice speaking “Master Jinks, Lauralee is here.”
Jinks opened his eyes to stare through the mirror at Lauralee he saw had long blond hair and green eyes that looked nervous while dressed in a dress of a Peasant cult member. He spied no locket hanging from her neck as he got up from the floor turning around to face her. He saw nervousness in her face as he walked up to her gently touching her chin in a grip while sensing her stiffened from his touch. Jinks brought his mouth to Lauralee’s lips kissing her before breaking it off to hug her with his arms around her his chin resting against the side of her head near the top. He felt her stiffening further from his hug broke it off to stare at her with a questioningly look. 
Jinks watched as Lauralee brought her hands up and signed “I’m deaf with no talking ability and that sign language is a way I can communicate besides writing down words.” 
He nodded his head and signed “My mother before she passed away years ago when I was younger was deaf herself. She taught me sign language before I could talk along with teaching me things involving the deaf world which I’m fine with you being deaf.” 
He stared at Lauralee who appeared to be still nervous from his stare. 
Jinks signed “Did you explore my home?”
Lauralee signed “No I haven’t but I would like to explore it.” 
He signed “I’ll give you the tour if you don’t mind.” 
He saw Lauralee nod her head and left the gym room followed by her and showed her the apartment. 
He showed Lauralee the kitchen which Jeff there pausing from his work signed to his shock “Hello Lauralee, nice to meet you.”
He frowned as he recalled that sign language was popular among the cult members which explained why some of them were fluent in it. 
He watched as Lauralee signed to Jeff “Do you make hot cocoa?”
He turned his attention towards Jeff who signed “I can make that including whatever you like me to make. Just tell me ahead of time so I can get the food and make the meal for you.” 
Jinks saw Lauralee nod her head and then she yawned abruptly. He waved a hand getting her attention while noticing Jeff turn towards the stove. 
He signed as she looked at him “You want to sleep? I can show you my bedroom and everything in it for you’re to use”
Lauralee he stared at nodded her head and he left the kitchen followed by her. He went to his bedroom opening the doors and waited till she was inside with him before closing the doors.
Jinks saw Lauralee looking at him with a frown which he signed “The door on the bed’s wall leads to the bathroom. The double doors facing the bed are the closet. Feel free to put clothes in there.” 
He stared at Lauralee who went to the bathroom door only to pause turning around with her hands up signing “Please give me privacy in the bathroom, thanks.” 
He nodded his head and went to the arm chair as she went inside the bathroom closing the door behind her. He sat in the arm chair eyes on the bathroom door feeling impatient for her to come out. Jinks felt himself relax as she came out dressed in a white long t-shirt like dress looking like the dress she wore underneath her Pleasant dress. He watched Lauralee go to the bed getting into it and watched her lean over shutting off the lamp before lying down eyes staring at the ceiling. Sighing he got up and went into the bathroom stripping himself of his clothes to shower then once done put on the sweatpants. He took his folded clothes and shoes to the closet setting them on the bench then went to the bed leaving his lamp on. He got in bed and leaned over Lauralee and brought his lips to her neck while feeling her stiffen. He trailed kisses from her neck to her lips who continued to stiffen. Jinks brought his form on top of Lauralee who abruptly began hitting him on the shoulders with her hands fisted while struggling to push him off. He broke off the kiss to stare at Lauralee who had tears in her eyes along with panic on her face. He climbed off of her to roll over lying on his side and stared at her as she rolled on her side back to him while adjusting the blankets up to her shoulder. Jinks felt confusion running through him wondering to himself why she allowed him to mate with her when she didn’t want a repeat of that. He frowned and leaned over his side of the bed shutting off the lamp plunging the room into darkness with his night vision seen in his eyes. Jinks shut his eyes falling asleep.
Jinks woke up sensing Lauralee gone from the bed which he looked at the clock seeing it was eight o’clock on the time sighed and got up from the bed. He went to the closet to get dressed and went out of the bedroom to the dining room seeing Lauralee wasn’t there. He frown sitting in the dining chair as Roberta brought his food to him which he ate. 
Once done he spoke “Roberta, where’s Lauralee?” 
He stared at Roberta who spoke “She’s in the kitchen drinking hot cocoa.” 
He got up from the table and went into the kitchen to see her sitting at the table back to him on a bench while appearing to be drinking from her arm motions. He walked up to her and laid a hand on her shoulder and frowned as she jerked tossing the mug in the air towards the window contents spraying the window. He let go of her shoulder as she spun around getting up from the table bench. 
Jinks reached towards her with his hands and frowned as she backed up signing “No touching me.”
He frowned feeling confused with her behavior signed “Why did you allow me to mate with you?”
He saw Lauralee’s response was to give him a blank look before sitting down at the bench back to him appearing to be staring out the window. He sighed and went to her leaning down kissing her neck which she again jerked throwing her hand in a fist towards his head. He jerked from her fist connecting with his head as he stopped kissing her and again saw her looking at him with annoyance on her face. 
Jinks stared at her as she again signed “No touching me.”
He felt frustration arrive within him as she looked away towards the window which he stormed out of the kitchen speed walking towards the gym room. He felt frustration turn to anger which he attacked the punching bag ramming himself into it repeatedly. Jinks felt his frustration and anger melt away which he sighed and left the gym room heading towards the library urged by his instincts. He saw the doors open ajar and peered into the room to see Lauralee sitting curled up in an armchair reading a paperback book in her hands with some blank expression on her face. He saw a light switch next to the door flicked it as ceiling lights overhead blinked. 
He watched as Lauralee looked at him with a blank look and he signed “Why are you freaking out every time I touch you?”
Lauralee to his annoyance stared at him with the blank look before turning her attention back to the book which he again felt frustration hit him. Jinks felt anger arriving walked out slamming the doors and went to the gym room to again slam himself onto the punching bag. 
He felt anger as he thought to himself “What is going on with Lauralee? Why did she allow me to mate with her and refused to allow me to do it again? Why did she refuse to allow me to touch her?”
He gave the punching bag several jabs with his fists as he again thought to himself “I don’t care, I’m going to find out what Lauralee’s problem is and help her with it.” 
Jinks continued to jab the punching bag and began kicking it till his anger left him. He left the punching bag and did his karate motions repeatedly doing them over and over. 
Jinks heard Willingham’s voice speaking “Its nearly late evening now. Are you planning on spending the night in the gym room?”
He paused from his motions to stare at Willingham standing at the doorway which he spoke “No, Willingham.” 
He saw Willingham’s expression was a frown which he left the gym room followed by the butler who closed the bedroom doors behind him once he was inside the room. He sighed and eyed the bathroom door which he walked to putting a hand on the doorknob and felt it locked. He backed up as an idea of using his powers to unlock it came to his mind. Jinks stared at the door hesitating but curiosity came to him which he raised a hand and waved it. The door he saw became ajar unlocking which he pushed it wider to peer into the bathroom while hearing the shower running. He looked on his right to see Lauralee in the shower turn her back picking up the soap which he frowned seeing red horizontal scar welt lines on her back and seat areas. Jinks felt shock running through him slowly closed the door as he recalled his mating with Lauralee while sensing her reaction to that dawned on him that she was raped and abused by a male hence her behavior of getting upset whenever he touched her. He went to the middle of the room folding his arms eyes staring at the floor while facing the bathroom door. He heard the bathroom door open and looked up to see a fear look on Lauralee’s face who eyed him with panic in her eyes before going to the bed. An idea came to his mind which he stomped his foot several times watching as Lauralee paused from walking towards the bed to look at him with the expression still on her face. 
Jinks signed “I want you in the bathroom with me to keep me company and I insist on that.” 
He formed pleading in his eyes and face as Lauralee stared at him then nodded her head in agreement. Jinks walked to the bathroom doorway which he spotted a stool next to the open doorway grabbed it and went inside followed by Lauralee which he set the stool in the middle of the room and gestured to her to sit on it. He saw her obey with eyes staring at the floor which he waved a hand getting her attention. 
He signed “I want you to look at me.” 
Lauralee, he saw stared at him with a blank look on her face before looking down at the tile floor. He sighed and began to strip himself of his clothes which he noticed her glancing up to stare at him before looking at the floor repeatedly over and over till he was in the buff. Jinks paused to stand staring at her who he saw a greedy sexual look in her eyes as they looked all over his bared form and his sensitive part which he left bared. He slowly walked towards her to stand inches away his eyes on her keeping his hands to himself. He watched as Lauralee reached out a hand touching his sensitive part which he felt pleasure from and continued to watch her other hand joined her hand. He smiled feeling pleasure feelings from her hand exploring him which she abruptly looked up with panic on her face then he stopped smiling to shiver as her hands left his sensitive part. He stared at Lauralee who with panic on her face looked down while rocking her form back and forth. He sighed and walked to the shower getting under the faucet while feeling himself sexually active. He sensed her watching him as he brought a hand to his sensitive part and took himself in hand then began to cleanse himself with soap and shampoo. Once done he came out of the shower seeing her staring at him with a greedy sexual look in her eyes and face as he dried himself and put on his sweatpants. He stood staring at her as she formed a blank look on her face getting up and watched her dart out of the bathroom which he followed turning off the lights by switch next to the doorway. Jinks watched as she got into bed turning off the lamp. He frowned as he figured to allow Lauralee do what she wants to him sexually. He stripped himself of the sweatpants and got into bed gently putting a hand on her shoulder shaking her. He felt her stiffen as she looked at him with annoyance in her face. 
Jinks signed “Do what you want to me. I’ll restrain myself from touching you which I insist you do it.” 
He lied on his back putting his hands on the headboard’s edge and eyed her looking at him with shock on her face. He gestured to his body with a head bob aimed at it then stared at her forming a blank look on his face and eyes. Jinks watched as Lauralee with hesitance reached out a hand towards his sensitive part touching him which brought pleasure. 
He mentally spoke thinking the words “Lauralee, touch me anywhere you want. Please get over the fear of me touching you and being hurt sexually.” 
He saw her pause to look at him with panic in her eyes followed by her hand leaving his sensitive part. 
He removed his hands from the headboard to sign “Lauralee, continue doing what your doing. You’re not hurting me with your touch.” 
He resumed putting his hands on the headboard to stare at her who continued to look at him with a frown on her face. He again jerked his head towards his body as she continued to stare at him. He heard the Master roaring from within him allowed the Master through to stare at her. He saw a shocked expression on her face and some awareness look in her eyes that reminded him of the look his mother would give him when he was a child first learning his powers. He continued to stare at Lauralee who reached with a hand to touch his abs feeling them while glancing at him from staring at his body. He watched as she brought her hand lower towards his sensitive part and sighed from her touching him there. He watched as she brought her other hand and explored his sensitive part which brought feelings of pleasure hitting him. He tightened his hold on the headboard and shivered as Lauralee stopped touching him to yank off her nightgown dress tossing it aside which he greedily stared at her breasts. He willed the Master away as she looked at him whom he brought his eyes again at her breasts and then again at her in the face. Jinks watched as she straddled him guiding his sensitive part inside her and he kept his form still as she rocked him while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He saw Lauralee felt the same way judging by her facial expression and eyes staring at him in the eyes. He felt himself spilling inside her jerked from the intense charge of pleasure hitting him as she jerked in response to collapse on top of him. Jinks breathed deeply through his nose as Lauralee pulled herself off of him to lie on her side head on his shoulder as he pulled his arms down. He sensed Lauralee had fallen asleep shut his eyes. 
Jinks woke up alone in the bed and he eyed the clock seeing it was nine o’clock on the time. He felt happiness hitting him feeling like he had broken through Lauralee’s no touching attitude. He got up and joyfully went to the bathroom to shower cleansing himself then went to his clothes putting them on along with his shoes. He sighed as he left the bedroom heading towards the dining room and saw Lauralee wasn’t in it. He sat and waited as Roberta arrived with the food which he ate then went to the kitchen to see Lauralee sitting at the table back to him appearing to be drinking from a mug. 
He heard Jeff speaking “I would rap the table part farthest from her just to get her attention.”
He nodded his head and went to the table part farthest from Lauralee and knocked on it with his fist several raps. Jinks saw her look at him with a blank expression on her face. 
He signed “Lauralee, are you alright?”
He stared at her as she in response looked away to resume staring out the window. He sighed and sat down next to her gently putting a hand over her left hand while feeling her stiffened from the touch. 
He gripped the hand to stroke with his thumb and felt annoyance as she abruptly yanked her hand away from his grip while signing “No touching me.”
He felt annoyance along with frustration hitting him got up storming out of the kitchen heading to the gym room which he attacked the punching bag with heavy force. 
He ranted to himself “I got her to mate with me last night and she’s still the same afraid of being touched by me. I find the mating was all for nothing and I’m furious with that.”
He paused from punching to feel the Master taking control and felt his instincts blare a warning which he darted out of the gym room allowing his feet to take him to the bedroom which he found the door locked. He backed up waving a hand and the door opened going ajar which he slammed open to see Lauralee standing on a stool back to him underneath a beam throwing a ropey object he recognized as a curtain pull over the beam. 
Jinks snarled some angry sound thinking to himself “She wants to kill herself by hanging herself. Well not as long as she lives here for I’ll do what it takes to keep her alive.”
He darted into the room to run in front of Lauralee grabbing the rope and threw it at the wall before turning his attention towards her who had a fear look in her eyes. 
Jinks narrowed his eyes as he signed “You have a problem of not letting people help you like I’m willing to do with your problems you appear to be suffering from.” 
He gave Lauralee a glare who hopped off the stool to sign “Jinks, please release me from living with you-“
He interrupted signing “I’ll do it with a price tag is that you have to tell me the reason for those scar welts on your backside I saw the other night when I snuck into the bathroom during you showering and then I’ll release you.”
He folded his arms to glare at her with the Master in control as she stared at him. 
He undid his arms to sign “I mean it, Lauralee.”
Jinks stared at Lauralee whose face crumbled up showing tears falling from her eyes and he followed her darting out of the room. He saw her enter the library room slamming the doors which he opened one and peered into the room to see her go to an arm chair falling to her knees kneeling in front of it putting her head and arms on the chair while visibly shaking which he assumed that she was crying tears. Jinks willed the Master away as he felt himself furiously angry slammed the door and stormed to the gym room to the punching bag ramming his form repeatedly onto it. He stopped his ramming to do karate till his anger simmered from its boiling point and heard a knock on the door which he looked to see Willingham standing in the entrance. 
He stared at the butler who spoke “Lauralee is in the lobby detained by guards. She is claiming that you released her to leave which the guards want confirmation on that from you.”
Jinks felt he get angrier spoke struggling to hide the anger from his voice “Tell them that Lauralee is free to go for I have released her.” 
He saw Willingham nod his head before leaving the room closing the door. 
He roared an angry sound snarling out loud “So this is what you have taken as your course of action Lauralee. I’m furious that you won’t tell me what is plaguing you. I wish you would tell me what your problem is. I’m willing to help you.”
He angrily spun around and gave the punching bag several jabs with his fists before doing his karate on it repeatedly over and over. He felt exhaustion arrive within him kept attacking the punching bag till his attacks became slower and slower till tiredness hit him hard. He stumbled towards the middle of the room falling to kneel and shut his eyes. 
He saw Lauralee kneeling in front of him who spoke with a hearing voice tone with a sad look in her eyes and face “I’m sorry, Jinks.” 
He jerked opened his eyes to get up stumbling towards the punching bag and again fell to kneel before sliding to the floor on his side and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks jerked his eyes open as he felt a hand touching his shoulder shaking him. 
He stared at Willingham showing concern on his face who spoke “Its morning now. Do you want me to hold breakfast till you stop feeling like needing to sleep in the gym room, Master Jinks?”
He rubbed a hand on his face and shook his head in a no gesture while feeling himself hungry. He got up as Willingham straightened his form. He walked out of the gym room into the hallway heading towards the dining room. He walked inside to sit at a chair and waited for his food which his eye focused on the Master’s Herald paper showing a headline. 
He read “Abuser shot dead.”
He felt himself drawn to the newspaper grabbed it picking it up to read the article which he read "A woman a part of the Peasant group by her uniform was found abused by a male who would rape her and hit her with his fists along with cutting the skin off her backside if she didn’t do what he wanted her to do." 
Jinks paused from reading the article recalling the welts on Lauralee’s back and seat area. 
He continued to read the article detailing "The woman through a Highlander’s mind scans shown that she had run away from the abuser and received help from another male said to be called the Master who gave her the courage to return to the abuser to confront him on his abusing behavior towards her. Mind scans shown that the abuser threatened the woman with a gun which she retaliated by attacking the male with feet kicking him in the sensitive part which she got a hold of the gun. The male grabbed her neck with both hands gagging her and during the struggle she accidentally fired the gun aimed at his chest killing him which freaked her out enough to have a crying breakdown dropping the gun onto the floor. According to the cops who arrived to the apartment she was very panicky and hysterically upset that they had to sedate her just to get her to calm down." 
Jinks frowned reading the article as he continued reading it "Once the woman was calm enough from the sedation a Highlander mind scanned her and verbally told the cops what had happened to her and the dead male along with mentioning that there was abuse evidence on her backside. The woman was calm enough to strip her clothes in presence of a female cop and female medics in private for them to exam her and the abuse on her backside which pictures were taken as evidence." 
Jinks kept frowning thinking to himself “Lauralee why couldn’t you tell me of this yourself? I was willing to help you like I did with helping you get over being raped.” 
He continued to read the article which continued to say "The male’s shooting death was reported as self defense and the woman was free to live her life as she wished." 
Jinks sigh as he finished the article as his nose smelled food coming towards him. He looked up to see Roberta carrying a tray filled with dishware and a cup holding liquid on it which she set on the table in front of him. His stomach growled its hunger which he feeling himself hungry placed the newspaper on the table and attacked the food with gusto eating it till there was no bites left. He grabbed the cup and gulped down the contents then sighed once done to put the cup down and pushed the tray away from him. He again grabbed the newspaper to scan the headlines which didn’t interest him to read the articles then placed the newspaper back on the table. He sighed again and got up from the table to wander around the penthouse apartment lost in thought eyes staring at the floor. His feet took him to the library which he stared at the table between the armchairs with a small paperback book on top. He went inside the library leaving the doors open towards the table to pick up the book and saw the cover was the identical to the book he pulled from the bookcase which he spotted a bookmark stuck in the middle of the book. He groaned a soft groan to gently place the book down on the table and felt sadness hitting him hard that brought tears to his eyes. Jinks kneeled arms going around himself as he allowed the tears to flow which he gently rocked his form weeping cries of anguish loudly. He continued to cry tears as he felt himself overwhelmed with sadness slid his form to the rugged floor curling into ball hands covering his face as he continued to weep very loudly. Jinks cried till the tears stopped flowing and shut his eyes allowing himself to pass out falling asleep. 
Jinks dreamed of himself standing on a beach wearing familiar clothing and in his eyes sight ahead of him was Lauralee standing sideways wearing a black dress long sleeved and ankle length appearing to be talking with her mouth blotted out for him to lip read. Jinks found her words not heard to a figure he recognized as Lance Richard who he noticed seemed to have sympathy on his face. He continued to watch as Lauralee stopped talking which he saw Lance speaking with his mouth blotted out. Lance's words not heard towards Lauralee who appeared to frown with her facial expression. Jinks frowned wondering what the conversation was about as he felt himself compelled to walk forwards towards the two. He reached them to stand next to Lauralee as Lance paused from talking to gesture with his head towards him. Jinks kept his mouth shut as Lauralee turned to face him with a frown in her face and eyes showing hope in them. 
Jinks heard Lance speak with a soothing voice tone “Go to him, Lauralee.” 
Jinks stared at Lauralee and raised one of his hands towards her which she walked towards him and brought her arms around him in a tight grip with hands touching his back and her chin on his shoulder. He brought his hands to Lauralee’s back gently rubbing while hearing her give off crying sounds and felt her form shake from the tears. He continued to hold her as the scene went black and he felt himself lying on a rugged floor which he jerked his eyes open to see the library. Jinks raised himself up to sit up rubbing a hand on his head. He eyed the library double doors to see that they were closed and not open like he left them. Sighing Jinks got up rubbing a hand on his forehead and walked out of the library to his bedroom which he went inside closing the double doors behind him. He went to the window pulling up part of a curtain to peer outside to see in the fading sun light were buildings standing in his eyes sight far as his eyes could see. Jinks yawned abruptly as the light disappeared showing night. Sighing he released his hold on the curtain and went to the bed grabbing his sweatpants taking it into the bathroom. He stripped himself of his clothes folding them onto the sink counter and hit the shower. Jinks came out of the shower feeling the day’s events catching up with him making him weary as he went to dry himself. He sighed putting away the towel and grabbed his sweatpants putting them on and walked out to the bed which he went around turning off lamps plunging the room into darkness which he saw with night vision clearly. He eyed the bed with relief running through him went to it yanking back the blankets and got in pulling the blankets on his form and fluffed the pillow with his hands before shutting his eyes falling asleep. He dreamed of himself wearing bathing suit shorts sitting with back leaning against a tree shaded by the branches overhead from the sun with Lauralee wearing a bikini covering her privates sitting sideways on his lap head on his shoulder. Her abdomen was swollen with child which he had a hand on feeling the baby inside her doing its movements while sensing her enjoy the feel. Jinks sighed feeling the baby kicking from within Lauralee as she brought a hand and rubbed his cheek which he leaned his other cheek on her forehead gently rubbing. He felt the baby’s movements from his hand on her abdomen gently rubbed massaging the area while hearing her sigh a sound of pleasure and felt her hand stroke his cheek. He smiled a small smile and felt Lauralee had fallen asleep by her still form breathing deeply. 
Jinks shut his eyes and felt himself going unconscious he thought to himself "I have everything I want. No one can stop me hah-"

Jinks was interrupted "Oh please with that attitude the High Council hates hearing." 
He glared at the speaker who shrugged and spoke "When did you discover yourself as Osiris and met the High Council?"
Jinks spoke his answer in response to the speaker's question. 

End Book Two
