I Am Lance Richard, 
Deity Lord." Book 4
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Part One: Annoyed

Jinks after he went to his residence with Victoria who burst into tears going into her room. He wanted to follow only to feel himself falling asleep obeyed to get into his bedroom to shut his eyes. He wound up dreaming of facing Ajax with the Meritanians facing them. Jinks felt annoyance take hold seeing Ajax who gripped his arm in a tight ironclad hold. Jinks yanked his hands out of Ajax’s grip to glare at his son who had a frown on his face. He fisted one his hands and brought it to Ajax’s face who took a step back while grimacing from the blow. Jinks turned to face Ajax with arms folded glaring at his son who formed a frown on his face. 
He heard Shad’s voice speaking “Meritanians have you found Horus yet? Get rid of him once he’s found now!”
He spoke as Ajax frowned at him “I’m disappointed in you, Ajax.”
He heard the Meritanians give off hissing sounds as he glared at Ajax who continued to frown at him. Jinks felt a coldness feeling hit his back followed by feelings of ropes wrapping around his arms and legs with a pulling sensation making him walk backwards. He jerked against the ropes struggling against their ironclad grips as he was pulled backwards. 
He heard Ajax speak “Goodbye father.” 
He felt the coldness feeling become dormant followed by smoke blowing into his eyes sight as Ajax and the beach disappeared from view with the smoke clouding in his sight. Jinks felt the ropes released their hold on him to find himself standing on solid ground as the smoke cleared away showing himself standing on a grassy cliff with a vast moving ocean down below. He felt rage hit him folded his arms willing the emotion to go away but the anger persisted hitting him hard. He felt an urge to roar hit him lowered his arms and opened his mouth roaring an inhuman sound of anger sounding in a very loud tone which he kept on roaring and roaring. He roared till the anger stopped abruptly which he cut his roaring to fold his arms while staring at the ocean. He stared at the ocean feeling himself calm to frown as he heard a throat clearing noise off his left jerked his head in that direction to stare with eyes widen at a male Human wearing a grey business suit with a black tie and a white shirt underneath. Jinks turned to face the Human with a frown sensing that there was something familiar about the male but couldn’t place it. 
He stared at the male who spoke in a familiar voice “Jinks, you have forgotten me.” 
He frowned struggling to place the male who continued speaking “When I lived I was known as Roosevelt Knight a descendant of Lance Richard or should I say of you.” 
Jinks stiffened widening his eyes as he realized that the male was not kidding on what he said identifying him as Roosevelt. 
He stared at Roosevelt he recognized who spoke “The Deity Lord sent me with a message and orders for you to do something for him.” 
He unfolded his arms to bob his head in a short yes gesture as Roosevelt paused then continued speaking “He told me to tell you that what you do for him will help you and your father so listen carefully.” 
Jinks listened as Roosevelt kept talking “He orders you to help Lance your father confront his past and heal from the pain of it. 
Jinks felt himself feeling upset hearing Roosevelt’s words who paused to nod his head with firmness in his eyes. 
He groaned out loud a sound of pain and spoke “That is something I’m not sure I can do it judging by how angry my father is.”
Roosevelt spoke “He said that he’s aware of your feelings towards that but he mentioned that it’s the only way to help yourself and your father. I should add that he included that your father is being told of this by another source that is reacting violently to this.”
He groaned out loud a groaning sound and spoke “Did he specify how I can help my father?”
He stared at Roosevelt who spoke “You know the way to help your father like you helped yourself with your past.”  
He spoke “Oh I get it but I don’t see how I can help my father without him being controlled by his anger.” 
He heard Roosevelt speak “That is something you must endure by showing that you care about your father by your connection to him.”
He frowned to nod his head feeling himself relieved within him as Roosevelt walked up to him to place a hand on his shoulder. 
He sighed as Roosevelt spoke “Janel and the kids are doing alright. Don’t worry about them. Leave the worrying to the Deity Lord who is taking care of them like he’s taking care of me.” 
Jinks sighed again as he felt a peaceful feeling hit him that made him feel more relieved. Jinks felt Roosevelt’s other hand touch his other shoulder followed by the male’s left hand touching his forehead and going lower forcing his eyes shut as he lost sensation of everything around him. 
Jinks came to find himself thrust out of a ground that felt like sand to find himself facing the Meritanians who all had heads bowed and appeared to not notice his arrival. 
He heard Lance’s irritated voice sounding his mind “I want my crown back you bird head freak! Get your hands off of me you gonoid freak!”
He felt an urge to kneel obeyed to do it shutting his eyes as he saw an image of the High Council’s throne room in eyes sight view that he sensed was through Lance’s eyes. 
He heard Shad speak “Manners Lance. Where’s your manners my friend?”
Lance spoke with irritation still in his voice “You’re not my friend and I resent thievery of my crown!”
He mentally spoke as if urged to speak “Stop the attitude father. It won’t solve things.” 
Jinks heard Onya speak “Perhaps Terra should toss Lance into the ocean and burn down his crown which is nothing but useless metal.” 
He mentally spoke “Not one word of retort from you, father! Keep your mouth shut now!”
Jinks heard nothing from Lance but silence but a faint growling noise that he sensed was coming from his father. He saw the eyes sight narrow as if Lance’s eyes were narrowing and sensed his father’s anger. 
He again mentally spoke “Calm down now. Anger won’t solve things.” 
Jinks sensed Lance’s anger lowering its ebb as if his father was calming himself down. 
He heard Shad speak “Interesting that you’re not giving off any more ridiculous rude remarks. It seems like we finally succeeded on shutting you up which is good for your rudeness isn’t tolerated.” 
Jinks felt Lance’s disgust running through him as he mentally spoke “Join the club I’m disgusted too.” 
He heard nothing from Lance sensed his father was still disgusted while seeing the eyes sight still in their narrowed view. He continued to watch the eyes sight turned to the right to glance at one of Anubis’ guards holding Lance’s crown in a clawed hand grip before switching to look at the High Council. 
He frowned as Shad spoke sounding like sarcasm “Hmm what should we do with Lance?”
He continued to watch as Shad and Onya bowed their heads followed by the High Council members seated behind the two waving their hands in random gestures while shaking their heads in Human gestures of no and yes motions. 
He heard Lance’s voice sounding odd that made him think it was his father’s thoughts “Jinks, your with the Meritanians aren’t you?”
He mentally spoke in response “I am.” 
He again heard Lance’s odd voice “This stunt was planned by Ajax according to the High Council.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Yes I’m aware of that. Are you aware that you have to heal yourself from your anger by confronting your past?”
He felt Lance’s disgust go away followed by a feeling of dread hitting him as he added “Father I can’t help you from here. You’ll have to do it by yourself.”
Jinks felt the dread become dormant as he kept talking “Father it’s the only way to help the both of us get back to where we were before Ajax’s manipulating.” 
He felt the dread stop as he heard Lance’s voice speaking “I had a female who did bad things to people for her own selfish gain including using me too. I was forced to kill her off as a punishment to her for her actions.”
He frowned as an image of Orria flashed in his mind as Lance kept talking “I wound up paying for her death by her own people accusing me of sorcery who got other people to believe them and they wound up nearly trying to burn me to death by having me tied to some pole in the middle of a bonfire. I was saved when the rains fell hard wiping out the fire and the people left me tied up while they ran for cover. I wound up falling unconscious from feeling sick from the rains hitting me. I don’t know who but someone freed me from the ropes while I was out unconscious and brought me to the castle where I laid sick out of it for who knows how long till I woke up to discover the people’s attitude towards me changed enough to see me as some deity lord.” 
He kept frowning as Lance continued “To this day I still don’t know who freed me from the ropes or how those people changed their attitudes towards me. I haven’t been able to find out because those people haven’t been forthcoming and have been avoiding the subject whenever I bring it up in their presence.”
Jinks heard a loud hiss sound jerked opened his eyes to see the Meritanians’ heads were up with glares on their faces aimed at him. 
He brought himself to stand in a quick move as Ramses spoke “Ugh High Council there’s one flaw in Ajax’s plan. It’s Horus, who’s back with us. Appeared getting rid of him didn’t work.” 
He raised his hands palms up while willing the Master through to form a sneer on his face as the Meritanians did double take looks as he willed the earth shaking power to come within him. He felt the earth around him shake while seeing the Meritanians form looks of pain on their faces with their forms jerking back and forth sideways. 
He heard Ramses yell “That’s Horus doing it! We forgot that Horus is equal to Lance in power abilities!”
He kept up with the earth shaking power to sense a flash of light off his right side followed by hands grabbing his hands cutting off the earthquake. Jinks felt irritate looked to his right to see Ajax looking annoyed on his son’s face who released his hold on his hands. 
He fisted his hands to growl an angry sound while looking at Ajax who spoke “Don’t tempt me to order Terra to dump Lance in the ocean if you keep up hurting the Meritanians with those earthquakes of yours.” 
Jinks folded his arms to turn towards Ajax while keeping the sneer on his face with the Master willed away from him. 
Jinks saw Ajax’s annoyance look turn to a frown as he spoke with a taunting tone “Why aren’t you doing the earthquakes yourself hmm? You should be able to keep the Meritanians loyal to the High Council if the plants appear to have loyalties to their enemies.” 
He eyed Ajax who appeared to look nervous as he heard growling sounds from the Meritanians followed by Ramses’ voice speaking “Don’t you dare do that or else Ajax.” 
He again spoke still using the taunting tone “Ooh you’re too afraid to do that to the Meritanians.”
Jinks saw Ajax’s face become a fearful look which he spoke still using the taunting tone “What can the Meritanians do to you? The Meritanians are nothing but plants that can’t do a thing to you but bore you with their useless babble.” 
 He stared at Ajax who spoke with fear in his voice “The Meritanians aren’t just plants.” 
Jinks burst out laughing sarcastically before speaking “Yeah right, who said that remark? The Meritanians if they said it are just trying to make you think their more than just plant which is what they are just plants.” 
He heard Ramses speak “Don’t listen to Horus and his remarks. We’re more than just plants and don’t forget it.” 
Jinks eyed Ajax that spoke with fear in his voice “I would rather not chance it.” 
He spoke with sarcasm “Too bad Ajax. Why aren’t you meeting Lance himself? Go meet him, he’s your father and you should have the opportunity to meet him before the High Council does something terrible to prevent that.” 
Jinks formed an innocent look on his face while staring at Ajax who appeared to be relieved by the look on his face. 
He heard Ramses speak “Shouldn’t it be time for you to get up from bed?”
He gave up a loud sound of disgust and spoke “Damn I was enjoying this meeting spoilsport.” 
 He reached out a hand and placed on Ajax’s forehead and forced his son’s eyes shut. He removed his hand and saw Ajax’s form disappear into a flash of light. Jinks turned his form to face the Meritanians who appeared to have angry looks on their faces. 
He frowned with arms folded as Ramses spoke “I resent your remarks making us seem we’re nothing but plants when we’re not.”
He heard hissing sounds from the Meritanians as he spoke with a firm tone “You could have warned Lance and me about the manipulating by Ajax which you failed to do.” 
He heard Ramses speak “So what? I’m getting sick and tired of Lance using his pain power on us to serve his whims. About time he was taught a lesson on his unacceptable behavior.” 
He formed a glare on his face as Ramses continued speaking “Terra, toss Lance in the ocean will yah?”
He eyed one of the female Meritanians who spoke “Gladly-“
He frowned as she was abruptly interrupted by chorus of voices sounding Highlander like in unison speaking “Don’t you dare Terra!”
Jinks formed a frown on his face as the Meritanians gave off sounds of groaning followed by the three bowing their heads. 
He heard Ramses speaking in a whining tone “Oh come on High Council. I’m itching to give Lance his desserts for that torture he did on us to get us to serve him and his ridiculous orders.” 
Jinks felt annoyance hit him which he sensed was from Lance as Ramses paused to give off sounds of disgust echoed by his plant sisters before the male plant spoke still in a whining tone “But come on High Council. He deserves it.” 
He heard nothing from the High Council but sensed Lance was still annoyed and heard from the Meritanians in unison “Argh!”
He eyed them as they raised their heads with annoyed expressions on their faces as they folded their arms. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut to form a frown on his face as Ramses spoke sounding annoyed “Grr our fun has been ruined.” 
He spoke loudly “Excuse me.” 
He saw the Meritanians look his way from looking at each other with annoyed expressions on their faces. 
He spoke “You want to explain what my father has been doing to you to get you ticked off?”
He kept a frown on his face aimed at the Meritanians who all gave up sounds of disgust. 
Ramses spoke sounding dejected “Alright Horus, Lance has been repeatedly torturing us with his pain power of causing the earth to shake which hurts us enough to keep us above the water’s surface. We get our nourishments from the sun and from being underwater at night time. We haven’t been getting much nourishment due to being in too much pain to go underwater at night time which keeps us on the surface hurting till daylight is when we’re too exhausted to stay on the surface and puts us underwater. Also we’re having trouble resting underwater due to Lance’s torture which hurts us enough to feel so bad that we can’t sit still enough to get rest. The pain makes us move around a lot underwater from trying to get relief from it hurting us.”
Jinks frowned furrowing on his face as he spoke “Then why are you serving Lance anyway? Why don’t you just rebel from his orders?”
He heard the Meritanians give off groaning noises followed by Ramses speaking “Believe me we already tried numerous times to rebel against Lance and his orders but he always hits us with his pain power whenever we refused to serve him which we wound up serving him just to get him to stop his torture.”
He sighed and spoke “What will get Lance to stop hitting you with his pain power?”
Jinks saw the Meritanians look at each other before looking at him followed by Ramses pointed a robe covered finger at him and cocking his head with some glaring stare. 
Jinks formed disgust on his face figuring out Ramses’ gesture indicating him as he spoke “What’s with Lance’s obsession with me?”
He saw looks of surprise on the Meritanians’ faces that did double take looks before Ramses spoke “I didn’t know that you sensed this view.” 
Jinks saw Ramses abruptly lower his pointing finger and bow his head before adding “Horus figured out that Lance has some obsession with him and it’s about time he sensed that view.” 
He frowned as Ramses paused before continuing speaking “That’s something Horus wasn’t aware of till now despite repeated hints from us and you as well.” 
Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead feeling himself confused with Ramses’ words who spoke “You want me to tell him what’s going on?”
He lowered his hand folding his arms to stare at Ramses who raised his head with a big frown on the Meritanian’s face. 
Ramses spoke “Ugh the High Council from observing you and Lance with our help have noticed that Lance seemed to have some obsession towards you as in keeping you alive and from harm. The High Council didn’t know why till Set revealed that Osiris aka Lance was told that he had a son who was recently born before Osiris himself being killed off. There are historical records detailing Lance’s time in Great Britain on Shadan. Some of those documents show that Lance had fathered children and was very protective towards them while they were alive even played a part on them outliving normal age standards at that time back then. The High Council figured out Lance’s obsession from us telling them his reaction to you being in their hands. Also that time was when Ajax met Lance and figured out that he was causing those earth shakes and making us have divided loyalties to the High Council and their enemies.” 
Jinks nodded his head towards Ramses while hearing the Meritanian’s talk who continued speaking “I should add that the High Council and we weren’t sure if you were aware of the obsession till you said it now. Ajax, I should tell you is aware of the obsession put his plan to have Lance switch places with you in motion and spare us being tortured some more just for us to get relief from that. The High Council has plans to interrogate Lance on several things such as his obsession with you and his past life as Osiris which there are no historical documents on that. There are historical documents detailing starting at the moment when Osiris’s brother Set took the crown in the kingdom Osiris formerly ruled before being killed off but nothing before that. The High Council has an interest in learning more historical details before Set took the throne and have been seeking those who were aware of that time for their records. From what we Meritanians eavesdropped only two people were found to give records of those times which were Set brother of Osiris and Isis mate of Osiris.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Ramses mention Isis as the Meritanian continued talking “Set and Isis gave clear details of their time with Osiris along with Isis herself confessing on having a servant girl carry her son with Osiris to another place to safety out of Set’s hands. Isis according to the High Council later went through a travel gate and hasn’t been seen since. Set is still around kept alive but in some sleeping state waiting for the day when he’s needed which I think he’ll be awake to meet Lance from what I’m hearing.” 
Jinks frowned as Ramses paused to bow his head which he saw the other Meritanians do the same felt an urge to kneel obeyed kneeling and shut his eyes seeing nothing but blackness followed by light flashing as if Lance was blinking open his eyes. Jinks kept himself trained to the view as Lance opened his eyes to look around discovering him lying on a bed restrained to it with chains and a male figure wearing a High Council robe was standing next to the bed that slowly with hands removed the covered face hood baring a face. Jinks stiffened with recognition running through him seeing that the figure was Set himself who had a frown on his face staring at Lance who met his eyes with confusion felt. 
He continued to watch as Set spoke in foreign language which he understood the words “Greetings Osiris, it’s me your twin brother Set. I never thought we’ll meet again so here we are.” 
He sensed rage full blown figured to himself that Lance was having an identical reaction to meeting Set when he himself met him. 
He kept himself calm while sensing the rage running through him as Lance spoke in foreign language in an angry tone “You sick gonoid, I should kill you for what you did to me, stabbing me in the back and throwing me in the Chasm of Storms. That was all for some crown and throne you wanted from me due to your jealousy.”
He frowned as Set spoke in a groaning tone “That jealousy goes longer than that, Osiris.” 
He heard silence from Lance but sensed his father still furiously angry as Set continued “The jealousy started when I witnessed our father embracing you in a hug in a hallway of the palace and showing some kindness towards you which he hasn’t been showing to me despite I expecting it from him. I wound up getting jealous of you from people treating you as some hero with worshippers while people treated me as some troublemaker who does nothing worthwhile. I found myself very angry of people’s treatment towards me for nothing I did would stop people from changing their view and they kept it up towards you and me.”
He heard a harrumph from Lance as Set paused then continued “I apologize for causing you pain. My reason for what I did to hurt you was due to feeling you rejecting me as your own brother which I let anger control me and stabbed you in the back along with having your body thrown in the Chasm of Storms.” 
Jinks heard a growling sound from Lance mentally spoke “Father is he lying or telling you the truth with his words?”
He heard the growling sound cut off followed by feeling an intense wave of sadness and heard a wailing sound of crying as the eyes sight view clouded appearing to have tears in the eyes. Jinks didn't say a word in response towards Lance. He focused onto the eyesight to find Set handing Lance his crown and found darkness hitting the eyesight. Jinks opened his eyes as if compelled to find Lance next to him displaying an all black eyed look who forced his eyes shut he coming to finding himself back into his body to his relief. 

Part Two: Start of hell

Jinks stood in the hallway pausing from his walk relieved to be back into his body. He wound up to feeling a coldness feeling hitting him as he blinked his eyes and discovered the scene had changed. He found himself standing in the High Council’s throne room and was suddenly restrained by the Hawk head guards grabbing his arms and thrusting them behind him. He narrowed his eyes boring at the High Council sitting behind Shad and Onya. Jinks felt himself getting a rage episode found himself losing conscious. 
Jinks came to feel a clawed hand patting his cheek repeatedly which he shook his head and saw Anubis standing in front of him hand on his cheek. He jerked his head away from Anubis’ hand while giving off a harrumph. Jinks glared at Anubis who turned to his side with head turning to face the High Council.
He heard Shad speak sounding with sarcasm “Well, Horus, sources say that you can control the earth making it shake hmm?”
He clamped his mouth shut and formed a thin line with his mouth as he narrowed his eyes. 
He heard Onya speak with sarcasm “Interesting, considering Ajax doesn’t seem to have the ability. We wonder why. Perhaps you could give us an explanation?”
He kept his mouth shut as Anubis spoke in a loud whisper “The High Council asked you a question. Answer them.”
Jinks heard nothing from Lance figured he was busy monitoring something kept his mouth shut as Anubis again whispered his words. Jinks shook his head in a no gesture as Anubis gave up a growl sound and thrust out his staff aiming it at his head but was halted by the Hawk guards both giving off growling sounds. Jinks heard Anubis give off a whispered harrumph before folding his arms with ears flat on his head and eyes narrowed aimed at him. 
He heard Shad speak “Bring him closer to us now.”
He mentally willed the Master through as he was forced forward and mentally ordered his body to charge up with electricity. He heard two loud sounds of groans from the Hawk head guards and felt himself freed as Anubis whirled around growling. His senses blared warning which he blinked his eyes and discovered himself standing in the hallway of the penthouse. He shook his head only to widen his eyes as a female Charon appeared in front of him holding a golden crown in her hands. Jinks stared at the crown with recognition recognizing it as Lance’s crown took it from the Charon and found himself floating above his body watching as it changed into Lance who placed the crown on his head. He found himself back into his body with the Master willed away from him as the Charon faded from view. He rubbed a hand on his head and with a shrug walked taking a route to the kitchen where he sat down on the bench at the table once inside. He felt his senses blare warning behind him as an arm feeling like Gustav’s wrapped around his head followed by a needle prick feeling in the side of his neck. He jerked himself from Gustav’s arm hold then stood up only to groan from the sleepiness hitting him which he shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to find himself lying on a sandy ground while hearing people’s voices yelling at him and another to get up and fight. He found himself wearing just his underwear shorts and nothing else on his form. He felt himself sluggish sat up and felt out of it which he figured that he was drugged by something to make him feel that way. He stood up weaving back and forth looking around and discovered that he was in a large caged room with people on the other side of the fence wearing fancy clothing while yelling all sorts of things at him and to another urging him and the other to fight. He looked around to discover a man sitting up from the ground wearing nothing but underwear shorts and appearing to look out of it from the way he acted as the male got up from the ground weaving. He felt a weird feeling towards the man who looked at him with some out of it angry look and then the male charged at him with hands in fists. He found himself defending from the man’s attack that was using karate on him which he met with equal karate. He fought the man while urged by the crowd supporting him and some for the male. Jinks felt his weird feeling become stronger as he sensed the man was fighting with a karate style that was familiar and identical to his karate style. Jinks eyed the man’s face seeing nothing came to his mind identifying him but the eyes of the male told him that he was familiar and like he knew him before some place. 
Jinks heard a male voice screaming unsure of whether it was in his mind or heard by ears “The fighter is Robert your son who’s wearing a mask and drugged to fight like you are!”
He heard the male voice repeat the words but didn’t register them till an image of male wearing shiny clothing with a golden crown on his head flashed in his mind followed by a male voice sounding identical to the male’s voice repeatedly yelling the words. Jinks registered the words shaking his head remembering the Master which he willed it through and mentally ordered paralysis to hit the man who crumbled to the ground and felt an urge to kick him in the head which he did. He heard the crowd urge him to kill the man but refused as his eyes focused on a figure among the crowd while feeling rage running through him. The figure he saw with recognition running through him was Victoria his daughter looking freaked out by the look on her face and saw that her hands in front of her were tied up. He allowed his anger to take control taking away the out of it feeling to shift his eyes towards a male figure standing next to Victoria having a hand on her shoulder which he saw was looking familiar. His memory told him the male was Kevin Hettinger the city’s current Mayor which he stood facing the man to raise his hands palms up and mentally ordered the earth to shake which he felt the ground shake around him violently. He heard the crowd give off sounds of panic while seeing Hettinger looked confused as he noticed Victoria’s eyes were widening with a look in them that told him she knew he was causing the earthquake. He kept the earth shaking till he felt tired lowered his hands cutting it off then felt it stop and fell to kneel on his knees and laid his form down shutting his eyes. 
Jinks came to hearing a loud voice sound irritated familiar saying “Release the kid or be shot.”
He heard a male voice yell “I’m not doing it period!”
He opened his eyes and looked up to see Hettinger had a gun pointed a Victoria’s head while both were standing sideways to his view and facing them away was a male holding a handgun. 
His memory told him the male holding the handgun was called Donald who spoke “Free the kid! She’s just a kid and you shouldn’t throw your life away killing her!”
He heard Hettinger speak sounding desperate “I’m not doing it! The kid deserves to die!”
He remembered the Master in control held up a hand and mentally ordered Hettinger to sleep which he saw the man stop pointing his gun at Victoria to step back followed by hitting the floor with form going still. 
He watched blinking his eyes as numerous flashlights blared on shining all around him and heard a loud speaker voice saying “Drop the gun and hit the floor! This is the police surrender period!” 
He felt himself getting dizzy willed the Master away to lie his form down on the ground and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to finding himself in bed wearing cloth on him and his underwear shorts gone from his form. He opened his eyes looking around to discover that he was in a bedroom appearing to be a hotel room with devices blinking in the walls all around him. He felt himself in a bad mood sat up getting up from the bed to spot a closed door on his left which he walked towards it only to walk towards an open doorway on his left side next to the bed which he discovered it was the bathroom which he walked inside. Jinks came out feeling himself better but still in a bad mood paced in the room from the window wall to the door feeling his mood became fouler. He rubbed hands on his face as he paced then pulled at his hair yanking at the strands. He recalled Hettinger’s actions towards Victoria looked around the room to spot a wooden chair in the corner which he stormed towards it and brought it repeatedly against the wall. He did that till the chair fell apart in pieces and felt himself still furiously angry to roar angry sounds over and over.
He ranted out loud “Hettinger is dead to me for I’ll kill that bastard for threatening to kill my daughter. I’ll make sure Hettinger pays dearly for his actions. Hettinger went too far in drugging both me and my son Robert to fight each other and even had my son wear a mask.” 
He willed the Master through to raise his hands palm up and mentally ordered the earth to shake as he felt the earth around him shook violently. 
Jinks got an image of male wearing shiny clothing with a golden crown on his head in his mind flashed followed by a male voice yelling “Stop doing the earth shaking Jinks! You should calm down and think while stop being so angry!” 
He ignored the image and voice’s order as he mentally kept on shaking the earth. He sensed blared warning behind him as someone was behind and felt a prick of pain hitting his back while hearing a dart gun go off. He felt sleepiness hitting him hard whom he willed the earth to stop shaking and mentally willed the Master away from him as the rugged floor rushed up to meet him and he found himself lying on it passing out unconscious. 
Jinks woke up lying on a bed with his arms and legs having both cloth and metal around them that were restricting his movements. He felt himself cranky to feel an object around his sensitive part like a tube enclosing it which he rolled his eyes and released the drug’s toxins from within his body as the tube covering him took it in. He felt himself no longer cranky but still furiously angry struggled against the restraints that felt ironclad and very strong on him that refused to break apart from his movements. He roared an angry sound and continued to roar angry sounds till a hand touched his right hand that felt familiar gripping it. He looked on his right with unfocused eyes to stare at a fuzzy figure standing next to his bed which his eyes became focused showing a girl with a hint of womanhood on her form while wearing white clothing looking upset on her face. He stared at her finding himself not recognizing her but sensed that she knew him by the look in her eyes staring at him. He stared at her feeling himself soothed by her presence as her hand gripping his hand squeezed gently which he found himself squeezing back. 
He got an image of the familiar crowned male in his mind followed by the familiar male voice speaking “The girl is Victoria your daughter who is doing alright and worried about you.” 
He found himself agreeing with the male’s talk to stare at Victoria he assumed as he got an image of an eyes sight view looking at a baby and kissing the baby on the forehead judging by the baby coming out of sight and seeing the baby looking happy from that. He got another image of the baby looking older crawling around on a rug by a pair of feet that was following while feeling amusement hitting him seeing the child touching things appearing to be baby toys with hands on the floor then go to crawl to other toys scattered on the rugged floor. He got another image of an eyes sight view showing hands opening wide and staring at the baby looking older walking stumbling towards his eyes sight while looking happy as he sensed happiness hitting him. He frowned as he got an eyes sight view of the child looking girlish by the long hair and looking older running in a hallway towards his eyes sight which hands come into view lifting up the child who puts arms out of sight which he senses himself feeling happy from holding her while seeing she looks happy. He stiffened as another image showed an eyes sight view of himself looking in a mirror with Victoria standing between doing body motions he recognized as karate which his hands come into view from the eyes sight to correct her karate movements. Jinks felt confused wondering why he was getting those images. 
He got the male image again followed by the male voice speaking “Their memories of your life with Victoria.”
He felt himself more confused to form it on his face as Victoria stood next to his bed spoke “Daddy.” 
He heard her tone that suggested that she was worried about him. He stared at her feeling himself bewildered but soothed by her presence kept his hand in her hand grip. He continued to stare at Victoria as she reached out a hand and touched him on the cheek which he felt pleasure from her touch. He sighed loudly as he felt himself much better from her touching him as her hand traveled to his forehead which his senses blared warning. Jinks looked at Victoria in the eyes seeing them all black followed by his eyes forced shut which he felt himself passing out unconscious.
Jinks dreamed of the beach to face the male from his mind that had a frown look on his face. Jinks eyed the male with confusion running through him while feeling like he knew the man somewhere but didn’t know his name. 
Jinks stiffened as the male spoke in a voice tone that made him think it was cruel “Jinks you’ll remember once you have withdrawn from the drugs completely.” 
He felt himself confused but felt soothed by the male’s presence as he looked at his right as if drawn. He saw three white robed hooded figures with Humanoid like shapes and Human faces and all black eyes standing a row staring at him. He saw two of the figures were female while the third at one end was a male as he felt nothing come to mind on who they were. 
He stared at them as the male spoke in an alien tone “The drug’s side affects have give him memory loss and that he’ll remember once he has withdrawn a bit from them.” 
He frowned as the male continued to speak “He will remember all of what he forgotten including some memories will make him suffer from the pain of relieving them.” 
He felt himself frowning visibly on his face as the male spoke “Shouldn’t it be time for you to get up from bed?” 
He felt his eyes forced shut by a hand touching them and woke up still in bed still restrained to feel a bad headache hitting him that made him gasp of pain loudly several times. He felt the headache went away and then screamed pained gasped cries as his mind was filled with memories that told him who he was along with identifying people in his life included getting painful memories that made him grimaced of pain relieving them in his mind. He cut off his screams to shut his eyes while grimacing as he felt a hand on his right hand gripping it he sensed was familiar. He jerked open his eyes to see the hand’s owner was Victoria who he stared with recognition seeing that she was his daughter. 
He forced himself to speak “Victoria.”
He grimaced hearing the pain in his voice tone as Victoria looked shocked followed by her faced changing to a frown. He again spoke her name while seeing Victoria’s frown change to seriousness with a strange look in her eyes. 
Jinks spoke “You’re my daughter and that I just remembered that including other memories of who I am and the people in my life coming to mind. Also I’m relieving all kinds of memories including some that were considered bad to me which have me feeling like I felt when the event happened as I remembered it.” 
Jinks saw Victoria give him a short bob as an image of a crowned male flashed in his mind which he recognized him as Lance his father. 
Jinks heard his father’s voice speaking “Some bad people abusing their power influence has gotten you declared mentally insane and locked you up despite Victoria insisting that you’re not mentally ill. She has been trying to get you out and is having trouble due to people hesitant to help due to them seeing her as a kid.” 
He felt himself angry hearing that as his father again spoke with a firm tone “I order you to remain calm and not let anger take control for it won’t solve things. There are people according to the Meritanians thinking of getting you out of the asylum. The people thinking that are ticked off at the bad people who put you in the asylum. They want to free you to spite the bad people for their actions and want you to use your Human God status to influence others to punish the bad people for their actions due to numerous people complaints about them.” 
He sensed nothing from Lance as he stared at Victoria who spoke “Grandfather has been talking to me from time to time and I figured that he’s doing the same to you.”
It took him a moment to figure out that she was referring to Lance his father as Grandfather. 
He nodded his head and spoke “Grandfather should be able to help you with your problem seeing that I’m tied up at the moment and can’t do a thing about it.”
He frowned as he heard a harrumph sound from Victoria before she spoke “Robert is in rehab at another hospital in the city recovering from the drugs in his system. I visited him a few times and for some reason according to the doctors he has been sick with some throwing up ailment along with his body having a sweating water ailment. I’m told that it’s his body withdrawing from the drugs. Also I asked the doctors here several times on each visit why you’re having a different reaction to the drug withdrawal instead of being sick with ailments. The doctors keep putting me off with excuses of needing to test you which I suspect that their still drugging you hence your reactions I’ve seen.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Victoria’s words as he heard several steps into the room and heard a male voice with disgust in the tone speaking “Victoria your time is up get out of here.” 
He looked to spot a male Human with a look of disgust on his face standing behind Victoria a few away. He eyed Victoria that formed disgust on her face and leaned down kissing him on the cheek before straightening up her form to show a daze look and then turned and walked away out of his eyes sight. He heard a door shut sound as the male walked up to his bed pulling out a syringe. 
He stiffened seeing the syringe as the male spoke in a sneering voice tone “This should put you out enough to make Vicky look desperate to say anything to get her poor daddy out of the asylum including lying on how her dad is acting.” 
Jinks growled an angry sound as the male injected the contents in his neck before stepping back putting away the syringe. He felt his senses blare a warning but wasn’t sure what it meant as he continued to growl angry sounds jerked against the restraints holding him as the male walked out of sight and heard a door opening and closing sound. He felt sleepiness become strong shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks woke up feeling himself very sweaty all over and a sick feeling in his throat that told him he was nearly about to throw up. He felt himself still restrained but the restraints on his arms and legs were gone leaving them on his ankles and loose on his wrists. He sat up finding himself not restrained from that to spot on the bed next to his foot was a large deep bucket which he grabbed to place on his lap. He placed his head over the opening and groaned as he threw up repeatedly clear liquid into the bucket. 
He thought to himself “What did the guard really inject me with? I’m feeling like I’m going through withdrawal like Victoria said happened to Robert.” 
His senses blared warning which he figured out what it meant that there was a camera in the room filming him and figured that the camera recorded the guard injecting him with the syringe. He heard steps into the room looked up coughing to see the same guard looking angry. 
He frowned staring at the guard who snarled in an angry tone “Your sick reaction to the drug suggests withdrawal. It’s impossible for I injected you with the drug and saw your angry reaction to it suggested that you were reacting like they said you would.” 
He frowned as the guard continued to speak “Some fool gave me the wrong drug hence your sick reaction.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the guard added “My boss is going to be very angry hearing this from me. He planned on having you locked up for as long as he ordered it just to keep you out of the way of his plans for the city.”
He felt himself sick again threw up in the bucket as the guard paused from talking to give off sounds of disgust. 
He coughed then looked up at the guard who spoke “This complicates things. Nevertheless your daughter will be dealt with as in silencing her permanently as ordered.”
Jinks flared the Master through him as the guard paused from talking to narrow his eyes with a confused expression in them. Jinks eyed the guard who slowly walked forwards towards him to stand next to the bed as the guard brought his face closer towards his face. Jinks spat in the guard’s face that blinked his eyes but kept his face near his face. Jinks felt disgusted brought his head into the guard’s head, head butting him who rolled his eyes and slid down to the floor going unconscious. He saw a female wearing a doctor’s coat standing holding a gun device in her hand while looking annoyed on her face and figured from her position that she snuck up behind the guard and stunned him. 
He frowned as the female spoke “Master, the guard will be dealt with, with his unacceptable actions and so will his boss we identified as Wieland Hettinger. He’s the one who was caught threatening to shoot your daughter.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that as the female continued to speak “You don’t need to worry about being locked up. Once you have recovered we will have you freed. Don’t worry we’ll handle Hettinger himself for his behavior.” 
He nodded his head feeling himself frowning inwardly as he willed the Master away from him as the woman walked out of the room. He eyed the guard lying unconscious on the floor staring at the male’s face finding it similar to Hettinger’s face and figured that the man was a family member. He felt disgust running through him as he eyed the guard and heard steps into the room as two male police officers arrived both having reverence in their eyes aimed at him. He watched them lift up the guard and haul the man out of the room as he again felt himself sick threw up in the bucket. He groaned as he threw up again repeatedly over and over while coughing between bouts of throwing up. He groaned as he sensed a powerful urge hit him felt the tube was still in its familiar spot rolled his eyes groaning loudly as he released the toxins within him for a lengthy period of time. Jinks felt himself stop stopped rolling his eyes to gasp loudly. He felt himself still sweaty but the sickness feeling was still there but the throwing up feeling ceased. He felt tired gently laid his form back while still holding the bucket in his hands. He sighed breathing deeply eyes staring at the ceiling showing fluorescent lights shining down on him. He felt himself sleepy figured that it was from his sickness shut his eyes and passed out unconscious. 
Jinks came to with a jerk of eyes open to discover the bucket still held in his hand but felt lighter from the weight on him. He felt himself sick again abruptly sat up and aimed his mouth in the bucket opening as he again threw up repeatedly over and over while coughing between bouts. He again felt the familiar urge rolled his eyes releasing the toxins within him and felt himself better from it. He sighed feeling himself no longer sweaty but sticky all over with his hospital gown feeling grimy to the touch. He sigh feeling like needing to shower but still restrained to the bed by the restraints on him. He groaned as he again threw up repeatedly over and over into the bucket while coughing between bouts. He felt sleepy yawned very hard shocking him and laid his form down on the bed hands still holding the bucket as he shut his eyes and passed out unconscious. 
Jinks came to with eyes open unfocused on the room around him feeling himself still sick but the throw up feeling was gone along with the stickiness feeling and felt something different. His bed felt familiar as he laid on it while feeling himself like he had a good scrubbing bath from the feeling of his skin and was wearing pajama pants with blankets up to his chest covering him. He figured to himself that he was home and saw a blurry movement come into his eyes sight. He felt a hand touch his forehead feeling like Victoria’s and his senses blared a warning as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks heard a familiar sound jerked open his eyes to looking around with clear eyes sight and feeling himself much better but still weak. He turned his head towards the alarm clock seeing it blared eight o’clock in the a.m. 
He spoke “Sleep mode time.” 
He heard the electronic voice speak “ninety six hours.” 
He frowned as he did some mental math and calculated four days of sleeping. With a shrug he got up from the bed slowly and stood up feeling himself strong but needing nourishment. Sighing he walked into the bathroom which once inside stripped himself of his pajama pants leaving them piled on the floor and entered the shower stall turning on the water to heat toleration levels. He sighed feeling the water’s spray wetting him and brought his face to the water raising it up. He rubbed hands on his face and hair the lowered his face to look for his soap and shampoo which he found and began cleansing himself thoroughly. He sighed feeling the water wash away the soap and shampoo on his form and felt himself completely cleaned up turned the water off and walked out of the shower to grab the towel and dried himself thoroughly. He put away the towel and he went to the sink counter finding folded clothing on top of it and grabbed the underwear shorts putting it on his form followed by the pants. He reached for the long sleeve shirt and paused staring at the mirror seeing an outline in his chest over his heart. He lowered his hand and leaned against the counter eyes on the outline that looked like it was square with round points and brought a hand to the outline feeling its hardness and sensed it was underneath his skin on top of his chest muscle. He felt himself confused wondering what it was for. 
Jinks got a communication from Lance speaking “That’s a sensor monitoring your life signs and body functions including broadcasting your location. The doctors in the Master organization implanted you with that in exchange for releasing you from the asylum due to people being nervous about you causing earthquakes. Put up with it, Jinks for I mean it.” 
He shrugged and grabbed his shirt putting it on finding it a plain long sleeve shirt. He sat down on the stool and grabbed his socks putting them on along with the sneakers then stood up. He grabbed his hairbrush and brushed his hair then walked out of the bathroom after putting down the hairbrush. He went to the bedroom doors and paused to glare at the doors remembering Gustav drugging him flashing in his mind. 
He heard from Lance speaking “The drugging was done because of Hettinger holding Victoria hostage demanding you unconscious which your servants obeyed doing his orders.” 
Jinks willed himself to calm yanked open the doors to spot Gustav in his familiar spot looking nervous in his eyes despite having his face composed in a familiar expression. He walked out ignoring Gustav and went to the dining room followed by the butler. He sat down at the table in a chair and placed his hands clasped in front of him on the table eyes staring at it while hearing Gustav going into the kitchen. 
He found the familiar newspapers were still not on the table felt himself annoyed and thought to himself “I think I should know what the public is saying about me. I’m not happy being kept in the dark about the public’s opinion about me, harrumph.” 
He frowned as Lance’s image flashed in his mind followed by his father’s voice speaking “I’ll let you know when you can find out what their opinion is once you’re ready.” 
He protest mentally “Father, don’t tell me this kept in the dark thing is because of fears that I’ll react violently.” 
He heard from Lance “That’s exactly why you’re kept in the dark and stop complaining about it. I mean it Jinks.” 
He sighed softly as the kitchen doors banged open and sensed Jacqueline in the room who placed a tray with dishware on it smelling of food in front of him. He ignored Jacqueline to eye the food seeing it was two grilled cheese sandwiches and a good sized pile of French fries. He found himself ravenously hungry gobbled up the food in fast motions with his hands grabbing them. Once done eating everything on his plate he grabbed the cup of pink liquid and brought it to his lips discovering it was his familiar drink of strawberry milkshake which he gulped down and grabbed the second cup of strawberry milkshake and again gulped down the contents. He felt himself better to place the cup on the tray and grabbed the napkin to wipe his mouth and hands then placed it back on the tray. 
He spoke as Jacqueline reached down to take the tray “How’s Victoria doing?”
He eyed Jacqueline who lifted up the tray and she spoke looking at him with a calm look in her face and eyes “She’s doing alright. She’s at school at the moment. The school had already called to say that she has arrived safely and that they have beefed up security to protect her after hearing of her kidnapping.”
He frowned as Jacqueline paused to adjust the tray with her hands then she continued speaking “I should tell you that there’s hidden security guards protecting Victoria when she travels around in the city with people including several vehicle escorts following her when she’s traveling in one of the cars. The Master Organization have Victoria monitored for her safely from harm.” 
He nodded his head as Jacqueline stopped talking to stare at him with the calm expression on her face. 
He sighed and spoke “Dismissed.” 
He watched her leave the dining room entering the kitchen with the doors slamming behind her. Jinks sighed again getting up from the table going to the hallway. His feet took him to the library room which he went to a chair and sat feeling a book between the pillow and the chair. Grumbling of annoyance he reached behind him and yanked out the book to glare at it seeing it was an apparent romance novel by the cover showing a bare chest male with long hair wearing odd clothes and standing in a pose with a female wearing odd clothes cuddling up to him on her side. He slammed the book onto the table between chairs and sat back folding his arms. 
He heard a familiar voice speaking in his mind with a headache coming onto him sounding annoyed “No, I wouldn’t do that I if I were you.” 
Jinks stiffened recognizing the voice as Ramses who continued talking “No uh I still wouldn’t order that transporting Horus to you if I were you. Nope I still insist on not doing it.” 
Jinks stood up as Ramses paused and then heard the Meritanian speak again “Don’t say I warned you High Council. Anyway here he comes.” 
He blinked his eyes to discover the room had changed and found himself in the High Council’s throne room and felt himself abruptly restrained by clawed hands grabbing his arms with ironclad grips. 
He gave off a sound of disgust as Shad spoke sounding amused “Well Horus, we want to talk to Lance so let him through now.” 
He heard from Lance “Forget it I’m not doing that period.” 
Jinks spoke “Lance says forget it I’m not doing that period.” 
He heard a harrumph from Anubis followed by the gonoid head warrior speaking in a loud whisper “Sounds like Lance can communicate his words to Horus.” 
He frowned as Onya spoke sounding annoyed “Oh come on Lance come through and talk to us.” 
Jinks shook his head no as Lance sounded in his mind “No way I’m not doing that.” 
He repeated Lance’s words using the words Lance says at the beginning of the sentence. He jerked gasping out as pain hit his back very hard feeling like electrical charges hitting him there. 
Jinks groaned mentally thinking to himself “They figured out that you got the crown back and want to steal it away again hence they insisting on talking to you.” 
He heard nothing from Lance as he again felt charges of pain hit his back making his knees weak enough to lose his standing ability. He felt the Hawk head guards hold him up by hands adjusting their positions on his arms. Jinks heard the Master sounding in his mind roaring angry noises refrained himself from willing it through as he again felt pain hit his back. 
He heard from Shad “Terra dump Horus in the ocean in the cold kingdom.” 
He stiffened as he heard a familiar roaring noise of anger sounding in Lance’s voice and felt the earth shake violently all around him making him stumble his footing. 
He heard Ramses’ voice yell “Alright, alright! You can stop doing that now! We won’t dump him in the ocean as ordered seeing how it ticks you off!”
He felt the headache go away as Ramses went silent followed by the vibrations of the earthquake halted. Jinks frowned as the scene changed to discover him floating underwater. He looked around looking up to see the sunlight shining brightly with ice floats floating in view. He forced himself to swim up towards the sunlight pushing aside floating ice and reached the surface breaking through to breathe the cold air with a gasp. He climbed onto an ice float feeling himself shivering from the cold and forced himself to kneel looking around. He saw numerous ices floating in the water along with something appearing to be a boat heading his direction on the horizon. He frowned as the boat became nearer and nearer showing it as some fishing vessel barge that was heading towards him. He stood up balancing on the ice float as the boat abruptly turned to its side as it neared him followed by stopping with a rope thrown overboard. 
He heard a loud amplified voice sounding male speaking “Hey stranger, you want a ride? Get to the rope and we’ll pull you in!” 
He obeyed letting himself jump into the water and swam towards the rope knocking aside floating ice and reached it to grab his hands on it. He felt himself hauled towards the boat and climbed up the on the side with his feet walking on it hands still holding the rope as he was pulled up. He saw figures wearing parkas and thick pants reached out gloved hands towards him and hauled him overboard onto the boat. He heard a feminine voice order him to follow by one of the parka people gesturing him to tag along which he obeyed. He followed the figure reaching a door that opened it and then went down sets of stairs while hearing the door slam behind him. He felt warmth hit hard sighed from it as the figure reached a hallway and led him pass doors to a door yanking it open and gestured for him to go inside. 
He obeyed seeing it was a bedroom and heard the feminine voice speaking behind him “You’ll find everything in there for keeping yourself warm. Just don’t leave the room till we determine you’re not sick with the shivers.” 
 He nodded his head as the female he assumed slammed the door shut and he explored the room finding clothes and towels in a dresser nailed to the wall. He yanked off his clothes and shoes piling them on the floor and dried himself with a towel. Then examined the clothes seeing that they were too small and appeared feminine and wouldn’t fit him. Sighing he grabbed his clothes and twisted out the water in them but found them still too wet for wearing. Groaning he went to the bed and yanked off the blanket putting it around him covering his sensitive part then sat down leaning against the wall eyes aimed at the door. He felt the rumbling vibrations of the boat moving through the water while hearing faint ping noises that sounded like ice floats were bouncing off the boat. He stiffened feeling himself filmed looked around the room eyes at the ceiling to spot in the corners were camera domes with red dot lights glaring from them. Sighing he heard the door open followed by a parka figure walking into the room that paused seeing him sitting on the bed. 
He spoke “Sorry the clothes are too small for me. You got anything to dry my clothes with?” 
He frowned as the figure removed the hood showing a head covered with a ski mask and golden Human eyes that stripped off the mask showing a feminine face with long black hair tied back and tan skin. 
He frowned as the female spoke showing fanged teeth and sounding like she had an accent he couldn’t place it “Well I guess the heaters here will have to do the drying. We don’t have anything for drying clothes just for washing.” 
He shrugged and felt himself compelled to introduce himself “The name’s Jinks Montreal. You are?”
He stared at the female who frowned visibly on her face with a narrowed eyed look as if calculating something that made him stiffened.
He kept his eyes on her as she spoke “The name’s Corina. You don’t seem Human from the smell and the way you’re acting from being in the water with temperatures cold enough to make a normal healthy Human sick with the shivers enough to knock them out cold if you get my meaning.” 
He nodded his head as she cocked her head with eyes narrowed at him and saw a questioning look form on her face aimed at him. 
He sighed and spoke “Alright I admit it. I’m not entirely human from the looks of me looking like one.” 
Jinks frowned as she nodded her head and she spoke “You want to explain how you got yourself in the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom?”
He sighed and spoke “You ever heard of three mind walking plants dubbed Meritanians?”
He saw a look of disgust on Corina’s face as she spoke “Erra, Terra and Ramses transported you here.”
He stiffened hearing that as Corina added “Oh wait till the Captain hears of this stunt the plants pulled this time. The plants are always dumping people within range of the ship and manipulating us to pick them up forcing us to transport them to the nearest Human controlled seaport and they won’t stop doing that.” 
He frowned hearing Corina’s words as he got a communication from Lance speaking “That was my idea which the Meritanians seem to like doing it from them laughing about it.” 
He felt himself shrugging as Corina spoke “Wait here while I’ll get you something to wear.”
He watched as Corina ditched her parka coat showing her bare hands and wearing turtleneck top and thick pants with boots on and left the room leaving the door open. 
He heard her yell while out of the room “Steve, guess what the plants did this time?!”
Jinks didn’t hear Steve’s reply but a loud roaring sound of anger stiffened hearing the sound as a face peered into the room from behind the door frame outside the room. He frowned seeing the face was similar to Corina’s by the looks of it with identical golden eyes, tan skin and black hair that appeared to be pulled back. 
He spoke in a questioning tone “Hello?” 
Jinks saw the face’s eyes widen before disappearing from view. He sighed sat up straight to put his feet on the floor and eyed his clothes seeing that they still looked wet. He adjusted the blanket around his form covering him up to the neck leaving his feet shown. He sighed again as he eyed the camera domes and then looked at the doorway as Corina arrived carrying a bundle of clothing in her hands which she set on the bed next to him. 
He stared at her as she spoke “Here you go. The clothes should fit you I hope while we travel to Sea City Isle so you can go where you need to go.” 
He nodded his head as she walked out of the room without a backwards glance and slammed the door shut behind her. Sighing he released the blanket around him and stood up picking at the clothes seeing that they were white underwear shorts, thick woolen black socks, a long sleeve button woolen black top and black thick jeans including green slipper like shoes. 
He grumbled to himself “I can’t get away from wearing black clothing.”
He heard nothing from Lance as he pulled on the underwear shorts finding it fit him and felt the clothes a bit loose on his form but still enough to fit him along with the slippers feeling like they fit his feet. Sighing he picked up wet clothes on the floor and wrung them out again still finding them still wet with water coming out. He gave his sneakers a glare seeing them looking wet and then tossed his clothes onto the floor with disgust running through him. He stalked towards the door and with some maneuvering managed to open it to see Corina standing in the hallway with arms folded looking disgusted. 
He frowned as Corina spoke out loud sounding distracted “Ugh.” 
He cleared his throat as Corina looked at him shaking her head and speaking “Oh good that you’re dressed so come along Jinks.” 
He followed her taking a route to a door which she yanked open showing a large living and dining room combination with doors in the walls and people gathered inside that halted their talk seeing him. He frowned seeing that the people were all like Corina with golden eyes, fanged teeth bared at him, tan skin and black hair in various shades of hairdos. 
He heard a harrumph from Corina followed by her speaking “Oh don’t look at him like that! He’s not Human judging by the smell of him along with him not shivering from the shivers despite being in the water!” 
He heard a male voice sounding annoyed “Don’t tell me that the Meritanians dumped him here.” 
He looked at the speaker a male with long hair pulled back and a glare on his face having arms folded standing in front of an open doorway in the wall on his right. 
He heard Corina mumble softly “Oh dear.” 
He eyed the others seeing them look nervous with glances aimed at the male and at him. 
Jinks frowned as the male spoke again “Corina.” 
He heard the firm tone of the male’s voice as Corina spoke with a hint of fear in her voice “Sorry Captain. The plants did it again.” 
Jinks saw the male’s eyes narrow with anger flashing in them who unfolded his arms showing his hands bare and being clawed who spoke in an angry tone “What?!”
He heard Corina speak again meekly “I told you the plants did it again and we picked him up as a result.” 
Jinks frowned as the male the Captain he assumed lowered his clawed hands with a furious look on his face and heard groaning sounds in the room coming from the other people as he noticed them putting their hands over their ears as Corina did the same. His senses blared warning as the Captain’s eyes turned all black and he covered his ears as the male opened his mouth showing fanged teeth. He heard a loud roaring sound of anger sounding very loud making his ears hurt which he put his fingers in his ears struggling from the pain of them hurting. Jinks eyed the Captain that continued to roar by his movements with mouth still open and grimaced feeling a vibration running through him that his senses told him was coming from the male’s roaring noises. 
Jinks eyed the Captain who moved his mouth forming words he lip read while hearing a loud voice vibrate throughout his skull “You stupid plants with your dratted ratted jokes dumping people onto us to pick up and haul to port! I’m getting sick and tired of this joke! I’m trying to fish around here instead I’m too busy picking up your garbage and hauling it to shore! I’m getting fed up with this joke!”
He heard a pause as the Captain stopped talking and continued roaring his noises. 
He grimaced as Ramses’ voice sounded in his mind giving him a headache “Jeez have a care will yah? High Council, stop spoiling our fun of dumping people in the ocean. Harrumph what makes you says we’ve been dumping them in King Winter’s Kingdom for fishing boats to pick them up?” 
He heard a pause as Ramses stopped talking followed by the Meritanian giving off a harrumph and speaking “What tracking device are you talking about? Ugh I see you have been rigging our victims with tracking devices and tracking them dumped to King Winter’s Kingdom where their picked up by fishing vessels. Growl we enjoyed doing that!” 
Jinks heard Ramses add in a whining tone “Pretty please don’t make us stop doing that?!”
He heard a pause followed by “Argh you ruin our fun!”
Jinks blinked his eyes to discover the scene changed to find himself standing in the High Council’s throne room and felt his arms again grabbed by the Hawk head guards in ironclad grips. 
He frowned as Shad spoke sounding amused “Well, well looks who’s back. Enjoy your adventure Horus?”
Jinks in response were to narrow his eyes forming a thin line with his mouth as Onya spoke “Oh never mind the question. Anyway care to produce Lance? We want to talk to him.”
Jinks stuck out his tongue and gave off a raspberry sound before sticking his tongue back into his mouth while still having a narrowed eyed look. 
He heard Onya sounding annoyed “I take it that’s a no.” 
He frowned as Shad spoke sounding annoyed “You leave us with no choice but to do the test again just to see if there’s any result.” 
Jinks spoke as the Hawks adjusted their hold on his arms “And have you steal his crown like you did before? No I don’t think so.” 
He heard a growl sound from Anubis sounding like the gonoid head warrior was furious as Shad spoke “Oh don’t worry we won’t steal his crown again.” 
Jinks’ senses blared telling him it was a lie folded his arms despite having clawed hands on them as he spoke “Yeah right what you just told me was a lie. You’ll steal his crown again anyway.”
He glared as Shad and Onya bowed their heads and saw the High Council behind them do random hand gestures and head waving in Human style yes and no gestures. Jinks tapped his foot feeling himself getting impatient with the High Council not responding to his remark and seeing them appearing to be in the middle of a talk among themselves. Jinks heard a loud growl coming from Anubis sounding like he was still furiously angry. 
He spoke with sarcasm while looking at Anubis “Why are you serving those stinking mind walkers? I get the feeling around here that your loyalty is divided. Why don’t you make up your mind and serve who you want instead of having to be a toy back and forth between people?”
Jinks stared at Anubis who vibrated of anger while sensing it from him and saw the gonoid head warrior’s cat eyes pupils become wider along with his senses blaring warning. Jinks stiffened as Anubis opened his mouth and blinked his eyes finding himself standing in the hallway of the penthouse. 
He frowned as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking with amusement “Hah pity the High Council haven’t figured out how to protect themselves from Anubis’s stadium sized voice especially when he’s roaring it in anger in a room where his voice can echo. Oh well I don’t see the High Council surviving that but don’t worry about the speakers. We managed to transport the speakers out to safety along with some other people in the room too. ”
He widened his eyes hearing Ramses’ words as the Meritanian paused and then continued “Sorry nothing we can do when Anubis is having one of his angry rages. We can’t manipulate him to shut up due to his mind working differently than what we’re used to. Also we don’t want to make him angrier with our scanning his mind for he can detect us doing it and it always makes him ticked off when we do it. You’ll have to wait till he calms down first to attend to him and the High Council who I sensed have passed away from his roaring noises.” 
Jinks felt himself disgusted as he felt the headache stopped as Ramses stopped talking. Jinks heard a throat clearing noise at his side looked to see Gustav who looked a little annoyed by the eyes eying his clothes. 
He spoke “Something I can do for you?”
Gustav he stared at spoke with disapproval in his voice tone “I suggest you change your clothes while we get those you’re wearing back to their rightful owner.” 
He looked down at himself and shrugged walking towards his bedroom going inside slamming the doors. He went to the closet yanking open the doors and went inside while yanking off the clothes and slippers off his form. He changed into some fresh clothing and put on a pair of sneakers on his feet. He picked up the clothes folding them up and the slippers then walked out of the closet kicking the doors closed. He went to the bedroom doors and yanked open a door with a hand and saw Gustav standing outside still looking annoyed. Jinks without a word handed Gustav the clothes and slippers who without a word snatched them from his hands before fading from view which he figured that the butler was using super speed to get away. He shrugged and walked to the library room to look around and discovered the book he taken out of the chair not in its place on the table. Sighing he walked to a bookshelf and ran his fingers on the book spines reading the titles feeling no connection aimed at them. He backed up shutting his eyes and thrust his finger out aimed at a book spine and felt it between two books. He opened his eyes eyeing the books and pulled the one out on his left to see it was a romance novel by the cover showing a male’s bare chest with a feminine author name blared on it in larger letters than the title. Groaning he put the book back and grabbed the book on his right to see it was a book he already read about the deaf female with Alexei Zesky’s last name. Groaning again he placed the book back and went to another bookshelf opposite from the original bookshelf. He eyed a bookshelf and began yanking out books to stare at the covers and reading the titles finding himself not interested in them and finding that most of the books were apparent romance novels. 
Jinks after pulling out his uncounted book discovering it was a romance novel groaned out loud “I don’t believe this. What’s up with the romance novels anyway?”
Silence was his answer as he felt disgusted left the library room to wander to the TV room which he glared at the TV seeing it was still off by the missing blue light not shining. He felt himself feeling like he wasn’t having anything to do walked out of the TV room heading to the kitchen which he popped open a door to peer inside and stiffened seeing John and Jacqueline in a lip lock appearing to not notice him which he quietly put the door back in its normal place. He groaned going to the elevator to stand and wait for the doors to open. Jinks stood waiting as the doors opened with a ding followed by Gustav walking out who blocked his way repeatedly in his attempt to get into the elevator. 
He snarled finding himself getting annoyed “Get out of my way Gustav.”
Jinks glared at Gustav who refused to budge shaking his head in a no gesture with fear looks in his eyes. 
He snarled again getting more annoyed “I’m going to the garden for I have nothing to do.” 
Gustav spoke sounding like nervousness in his voice “Its raining outside. Not good weather for that.”
Jinks fisted his hands eyes boring at Gustav sensing the butler had spoken a lie spoke “You lie, Gustav, now step aside or else.”
He heard Gustav speaking in foreign language and felt himself compelled to walk away from the living room sensing the butler following him still speaking his foreign language till they reached the library room. Jinks was compelled to sit in a chair followed by Gustav again speaking in foreign language who went to a bookshelf and yanked out a book he saw was a romance novel and placed it in his lap and felt himself compelled to read the book to his disgust. He heard nothing from Gustav as he read being bored with the book but compelled to read it entirely while feeling a cat jump onto his lap and form become still with chest moving up and down. He continued to read feeling himself disgusted by the book’s contents that suggested it was focused on sex and seemed erotic by the use of sensitive parts’ actual names despite its theme of politics. He came to the last page shut the book and threw it at a wall of bookshelves feeling himself no longer compelled to sit and read and felt pricks of pain digging into his thighs while hearing a cat meow sounding annoyed. He angrily looked down at Willow tummy sitting on his lap feeling her digging her claws into his thighs. He reached a hand aiming to grab the cat by the back of her neck when he heard a yell sound in an excited tone coming from the doorway. Jinks looked up to see Victoria with a smile on her face blaring it come barreling towards him with her arms wide. He felt Willow jump off his lap as Victoria reached him jumping onto his lap on her knees and hugging him by wrapping her arms around his neck in a tight choke hold. He groaned remembering it wasn’t the first time Victoria did that enthusiastic hug greeting for she had done that too many times to count after being away from him for certain periods of time. He gagged to pat Victoria on the back twice while still gagging from her choke hold and removed his hand as she stiffened from the feel of her. He gasped for air as she stopped hugging him by removing her arms and getting off his lap to stand in front of him looking a little worried. 
He gulped air and spoke “Victoria could you tone down your hugging greeting a bit? I’m getting a little put out by being choked every time you do that.” 
Jinks stared at Victoria with pleading in his eyes who spoke “Sorry daddy. I couldn’t help myself.” 
He groaned softly hearing the same familiar words she used each time he told her off on choking him with her hugging. He heard a meow sounding irritated and felt Willow back onto his lap claws digging into his thighs as he sighed. 
He spoke “Victoria how was school?”
Victoria spoke with a happy tone “Well school is great. I learned how to sew a pillow today in one of my classes focused on sewing. I’ll be sure to bring the pillow home once the work is done with it just to show it to you.” 
Jinks spoke remembering something from his time at middle school in Wethersfield when he was Victoria’s age “Oh interesting. You are taking any cooking classes?”
He stared at Victoria who spoke sounding not happy “I am taking a cooking class as a requirement at school. I hate cooking over the stove and I hate doing it.” 
He spoke firmly “Victoria, you should learn how to cook for it’ll be useful when your older and living elsewhere attending college and don’t have to regret not learning to cook. Besides you can learn how to make your favorite meals and eat them too.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes at Victoria who he heard gave off a groan noise then added “Suppose the city’s colleges aren’t your taste but you prefer somewhere else instead. You might be living possibly in an apartment by yourself while attending college and find yourself missing your favorite meals enough to cook them yourself to enjoy them again. So learn how to cook Victoria. You won’t regret the learning.” 
He again heard the groan noise while seeing her frown visibly and remembered something from his time in High School continued talking “Victoria, one thing I wanted when I was in High School was a female who could cook like my mother enough to take her as my mate. I wanted back then was a female who was my equal in cooking so we could both share the duties of preparing food for any offspring that would come after we were committed to doing that.”
He paused to nod his head again hearing a groan noise from Victoria and kept talking “My view on a female being a good cook was shared among my teammates on the football team who talked that they were looking for females who could cook like they were just to share the duties for having offspring later on once they and the female were committed to the path. I wouldn’t be surprised if this view wound up passed down from them to their descendants which some of the boys in school could be having that view themselves so learn to cook Victoria.” 
He eyed Victoria who shrugged while giving off another groan noise before she spoke “Well there’s this boy in school that has been acting like he likes me more than just a friend and has been talking about looking for a girl who cooks like he does. I’ve been pushing myself hard in the cooking class just to impress him with my cooking as in sharing some of the food I cooked with him in the lunch room. The boy has told similar things to what you told me about college and offspring when I honestly told him I didn’t like cooking which he convinced me to keep working on it.” 
Jinks cocked his head with his eyes narrowed and spoke with a firm tone “Who’s the boy your talking about?”
Victoria spoke in timid voice “Mavis Petersen.” 
He stared at Victoria and shrugged before speaking “Oh I met him awhile back. Seems like a nice boy to me. Just don’t let yourself get taken advantaged of you hear? I don’t want to use my connections if I find out some boy is not treating you right get it?”
He saw Victoria nod her head before she spoke “Um I should add that Burke Billbug the boy that shot me was given a punishment by a judge in court finding him guilty. 
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Victoria kept talking “Burke was given detention after school ending when he finishes High School as in graduating from it along with cleaning up the messes we students made in the lunch room which will still continue once he’s in High School as an after school volunteer job ending once he graduates. He was ordered to use the money he was bribed to shot me with to pay for a huge money fine along with my medical bills including donating the rest of the money to the middle school for them to use it for whatever they need to teach us students.”
He spoke “Oh interesting but has he apologized for doing that stunt to you?”
He saw Victoria nod her head as she spoke “We had a school gathering in the theater room where Burke was forced by the principal to come to the stage with me there and apologize to me for his actions by microphone.” 
He nodded his head in agreement as Victoria added “I should add that there’s a rumor going around that Federal Agents interviewed Burke subject involving some well off people bribing poor people to break the law and do their dirty work as a witness to testify against those people. I heard from local news sources that the prosecutor was said to be urged by the Federal Agents gave him a plea bargain to have him plead guilty in court in exchange for a lighter sentence instead of spending his time locked up in jail.”
He frown recalling Hettinger holding Victoria hostage and Donald trying to save her life figured to himself that Donald redeemed himself for his bribing Burke. 
Jinks spoke “Have you heard anything involving that guy who had a gun to your head and another guy tried to convince him not to shoot you?”
He saw Victoria frown with disgust in her eyes as she spoke “That guy who pointed the gun at my head was identified as Wieland Hettinger who the cops told me that he’s one of the people they’ve been after for bribing people to break the law.” 
He formed a sneer on his face as Victoria paused to frown then she continued to speak “They told me that too many cops witnessed the incident along with recording devices catching it. I’m also told that the guy who tried to convince Hettinger to not shoot me was identified as Richard Marshall dubbed Donald another one of the people who the cops have been after for bribery.”
He nodded his head in agreement towards Victoria’s words as she kept talking “I heard from local news sources that Donald might be used as a witness in the case. I also been hearing that Donald has fingered other people for bribery related crimes his fingering denied by Hettinger who is insisting that Donald is lying.”
Jinks removed the sneer from his face to smirk and spoke “Interesting.” 
He saw Victoria’s expression become serious with a frown in her eyes while shaking her head no and he removed the smirk from his face as she spoke “One other thing. The car transporting Hettinger to a county jail out of the city in a nearby town four days ago crashed said to be forced off the road. The cops in the car report a van arriving to the scene with masked people carrying guns yanking Hettinger from the vehicle and putting him in the van before driving off. They reported that Hettinger didn’t go with them willingly but put up a struggle.  He hasn’t been found with any trace of him but the van was found abandoned on the border to the city a day later which their still looking for him.” 
He groaned a soft sound while feeling Willow digging her claws into his thighs again. 
He frowned as Victoria added speaking “After that incident the local news reports that Donald was put into heavy guarded escort to some prison in Connecticut where he’s currently staying as his court case processes through court including Hettinger’s who is currently being tried in absentia.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Local news Victoria? Have you been watching TV and reading the newspapers since I’m not allowed to do that?”
He stared at Victoria who appeared to gulp by her throat motion and saw her form a guilty look on her face as she spoke sounding nervous “Well yeah I have in the morning after I get up from bed while you’re sleeping. The servants specified to me that they were ordered to keep the TV unplugged along with keeping the newspapers away from you when you’re up and around.”
He bared his teeth fisting his hands feeling himself getting angry as Victoria kept speaking still using the nervous tone “The servants have been tightlipped on who gave the order but I suspect it wasn’t from Grandfather but someone else who told them to keep you in the dark and keep you from leaving the penthouse earlier.” 
He snarled an angry sound feeling himself getting more furious as Victoria paused to gulp and spoke “That someone has told me to not to tell you some specific things I heard on TV or read in the newspapers. I was told to tell you all I told you.” 
He gave off a roaring sound and felt Willow’s claws digging into his thighs again. He snarled an angry sound as Victoria darted out of the room slamming the doors. Jinks angrily looked down at the cat and reached a hand as the doors slammed open which he looked up withdrawing his hand to stare with annoyance Barry flaring golden eyes with Tatiana frowning next to him.
Jinks spoke willing himself to calm “You had something to do with this isolated kept in the dark joke did you Barry?”
Jinks saw no reaction from Barry who kept his eyes flared golden along with Tatiana still frowning who folded her arms. 
He felt the cat digging her claws into his thighs again as Barry spoke with a firm voice tone “I know you better than you know yourself Jinks. I know how you think and how you react to situations including your connection towards Lance Richard, your father.” 
He felt his anger simmering to form a bewildered expression on his face as Barry kept talking “I know how you work with Lance in things and I know how you act from them. Believe me that kept in the dark joke is not a joke but a serious matter.”
He heard Barry speaking in foreign language felt his boiling anger gone from him leaving him in a calm mood as the cat adjusted her position on his lap to sit on her side while purring contently.  
He frowned and spoke “Just who are you really, Barry?”
Jinks saw Barry’s eyes stop flaring golden as the Builder spoke “Just someone who’s older and wiser to handle situations calmly without causing harm.” 
He felt himself confused to speak “That doesn’t answer my question, Barry.” 
Jinks stared at Barry who ignored his remark went to the chair next to his and pulled out the book from between the chair and cushion before sitting down leaning back. 
He watched as Barry placed the book on the table between them and spoke “Tatiana, handle Victoria will you?” 
Jinks watched as Tatiana faded from view with the doors slamming shut sounding in his ear as he looked at Barry with a frown on his face.
Barry spoke sounding serious “That Human God blared by the tabloids was referring to you which they were forced to identify as you after Donald blabbed it to his newspaper and local news station he owns.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Barry kept talking “The city’s local news had a field day discussing this subject repeatedly over and over with numerous city people coming forward claiming to know something about you. One of the tabloids revealed that they got the Human God information from some old almanac books with clear pictures of you.”
He frowned remembering the almanac detailing him as a football player in High School as Barry continued talking “The tabloid in question did some background checking on you via the internet along with paying people workers in city halls in Connecticut and New York State to share their records on you illegally with them which they discovered no list of death found realized that they had a hot story on their hands started blaring this Human God status in their paper which other tabloids followed suit copying them.”
Jinks groaned loudly as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued talking “The tabloids and the local news managed to figure out that the Jinks Montreal who once held the King position and you were the same person including figuring out that your deathless and ageless from leaked detailed historical documents from the Master Organization courtesy of bribery done.”
He felt himself getting annoyed as Barry spoke “The documents according to the tabloid list your actual birth date and detailed that you were once declared dead at the age of twenty five after shot by a member of the organization but some medical test revealed that you were actually sleeping which went on for twenty years with your body slowly healing from injuries suffered. The tabloid also mentioned you waking up and starting life all over again and taking Karate to compete in tournaments becoming a champion in that while getting a black belt which there’s an internet site on Karate tournaments backing that up that has suddenly become popular judging by the hits it received after the tabloid ran that story detail. Also the tabloid mentioned there being a document detailing you having some deity like powers without specifically saying what they were. The tabloid detailed that you had an ability to change your eyes from Human like to all black and used that to indicate that as a mark saying that you were given that ability to mark you as a Human God.”
Jinks willed himself to calm as Barry paused to clear his throat again before the Builder kept on speaking “I should tell you that after you were identified the internet started getting more hits in search engines focused on you and that there’s a website dedicated to worshipping you as some deity lord while emphasizing that you answer to a deity god named Lance Richard who you were blessed with his appearance and power abilities while being marked by him with your eyes changing ability.” 
He sighed hearing that figuring out to himself that it was the Master Organization that put up the website as Barry paused to thump his cane two times on the floor. He heard the doors open looked to spot Tatiana walking into the room with a questioning look on her face. 
He heard Barry speak “Did she react like I told you? And did you handle what I told you to do?”
He frowned wondering what was with Barry’s questions as Tatiana spoke “Yes and I handled it as instructed.” 
He heard Barry speak “Good.” 
Jinks watched as Tatiana bowed then backed up shutting the doors which he looked at Barry who frowned before looking at him. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “There’s another thing involving that incident Hettinger did to you including you causing the earthquake doing it twice. The press had a field day talking about you having powers due to your Human God status. The hospital where you were staying first leaked out through bribery a video recording of you having some lightening show while an earthquake was happening. Local scientists went on the local news shows blabbing that the two felt earthquakes originated from your location which they figured out that you were causing them. Some of the people attending the fight feared you would retaliate against them had you put in an asylum as a result due to them being afraid of you.” 
He gave up a nod during the talk as Barry continued talking “Your daughter Victoria was tested by doctors at the asylum manipulating her to see if she inherited your earthquake power with no results of that happening no matter how she tried.”
He groaned feeling himself relieved as Barry paused then the Builder spoke “That sensor device implanted in you was to monitor and track you just to see what would happen should there be another earthquake courtesy of you causing it. The people I warn you are nervous about those earthquakes hence you having a sensor.”
He rubbed a hand on his chest over the device implanted in him as Barry kept talking “The first earthquake that hit was at a four on the ten numbered scaled with one being not bad and ten being very, very bad. This earthquake was enough to cause minor damage but enough to be felt. The second earthquake that hit was a number six enough to cause more damage. The doctors told the public with a detail report when those earthquakes hit that you were drugged and not at full strength.”
Jinks sighed as he lowered his hand as Barry spoke “That sensor was implanted in you because those people are nervous on how bad the earthquake will be if you caused one while at full strength. Their worried that the earthquake will be a ten or above on the scale causing terrible devastation as in what happened to the city when they were attacked before the transfer to Shadan. So the sensor was implanted in you to leading to your heart organ to zap you unconscious if the monitors sense an earthquake that is higher than five on the scale.”
Jinks widen his eyes and brought his hand to the implant on his chest in a fast motion as Barry nodded his head pausing from his talk. 
He felt himself getting annoyed as Barry spoke “You can control the earthquakes without the lightening show, Jinks. Just do it mentally and it’ll happen. You can mentally transfer your power to different locations in the vicinity of the city by thinking of that but there are something you must do for me involving helping Hettinger.”
Jinks spoke lowering his hand “Why should I help him for what he did to my daughter?”
He saw Barry’s eyes flare golden gulped as the Builder spoke with a firm tone “I insist for it’ll stop people being afraid of you to see you as a powerful ally and lay off restricting you on when you can use your earthquake power including how high you can go with it.” 
Jinks groaned and spoke “Fine what do you have in mind?”
He stared at Barry who stopped flaring golden eyes and the Builder spoke “You will mentally at a time specific by me will your power to an underwater location including making it go off in a code repeatedly over and over till I tell you to stop.”
He stiffened hearing Barry’s words to blurt “Hettinger’s underwater?”
Barry spoke “Underwater sealed up alive in some coffin like box that is currently happening at the moment which it should hit the ocean floor soon and that I know there’s a Shadonian underwater vessel captained by a Human fluent in codes nearby in the vicinity. He must be picked up by that vessel which will go over him not noticing his coffin unless you give off your power originating from his location which should notice him enough to pick him up.” 
Jinks groaned loudly to feel Willow adjust her position on him till he felt the familiar claw digging feeling again. He looked down to rub her back and heard the cat give off a meow sounding like she didn’t want to be petted. 
He sighed as Barry spoke “Come with me, Jinks”
Jinks looked at Barry who got up from the chair and stuffed the book back in between the cushion and chair which he got up after feeling Willow jump off his lap. He sighed again as Barry without a word walked out of the room yanking open the doors showing Tatiana standing in the hallway looking with some familiar look that reminded him of the look Gustav would give him. Jinks wordlessly followed Barry with Tatiana taking the rear to the dining room where he sat down at the head of the table with Barry on his left side and Tatiana next to the Builder. Jinks placed his elbows on the table and clasped his hands putting his chin on them as he stared at Barry who shut his eyes with some concentrating look on the Builder’s face. 
Jinks watched Barry’s face still showing concentration before the Builder opened his eyes and spoke “Do it Jinks, now’s the time.” 
He shut his eyes putting his forehead on his hands as he got an image in his mind of a metal box appearing to be a coffin while hearing pounding noises coming from it. He mentally willed the Master through and mentally ordered his earthquake power to shake from the area flashing in his mind showing the coffin sitting on the ocean floor. He felt the vibration around him shaking as he heard Barry’s voice speaking in foreign language felt himself compelled to do the earthquakes on and off in apparent code repeating over and over as Barry stopped talking. He continued to do it till the image in his mind showed light shining over the coffin followed by a round metal like tire with some tube attached hit the top of the coffin and lifted it up.
He heard Barry’s voice speaking “You can stop now.” 
He obeyed to halt the earthquakes and willed the Master away from him while lifting up his head and lowering his hands till they rested on the table. He sighed as he heard the kitchen doors bang open as Jacqueline walked into his line of sight carrying a cup full of pink liquid which she set down in front of him. 
Jinks heard from Barry “Drink it all up Jinks.” 
He obeyed bringing the cup to his lips and found it strawberry milkshake and himself gulping it down fast as if he was really thirsty despite not feeling it in his mouth. He drank it all up brought the cup down onto the table and sat back leaning against the chair with his hands in his lap. He watched Jacqueline pick up the cup and carry it into the kitchen as Victoria walked out with some bewildered expression on her face that turned to questioning aimed at him. 
Barry spoke “Out with it Victoria.” 
He stared at his daughter who spoke sounding confused “How come he has that power and I don’t? What’s up with that?”
He sighed as Barry spoke “Hmm, perhaps it was best for one person to be burdened with the power and that’s your father. I believe that power such as that in the wrong hands can cause terrible devastation which is something your father is willing to be burdened by having it.”
He groaned a soft sound while turning his attention towards Barry who was looking at him. 
Barry spoke “Don’t worry Jinks your burden isn’t for you alone. There are others willing to help you from getting your power used for the wrong reasons. Trust those people to assist.” 
Jinks sighed as Barry tapped his chest on the left side with a hand while narrowing his eyes which he figured the Builder was referring to the sensor device implanted inside him. He nodded his head in a short bob towards Barry and turned his attention towards Victoria who was frowning staring at the Builder. He felt sleepiness hit him hard bowed his head and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks dreamed of himself wearing his clothing he met Lance in while standing in front of a tree in ankle deep water. He frowned as Anubis appeared in front of him by a flash of light looking angry. He blocked Anubis’s fists with his hands. 
Jinks spoke as Anubis kept trying to hit him “Anubis, what’s going on? Tell me please it’s Horus.”
Jinks frowned as Anubis stopped the punching to give off a growl and then the gonoid head warrior spoke sounding annoyed “Come with me.” 
Jinks frowned as he wordlessly followed Anubis walking through the water which the gonoid head warrior stopped and pointed a clawed finger at a large mound sticking in the middle of the water and then pointed to his eye while gesturing towards it. He eyed the mound to figure it was a large egg which cracked open as a figure he saw was Anubis came out with confusion running through the gonoid head warrior who looked around appearing to not see him and his companion next to him. 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Anubis spoke sounding dejected “I came out with no memory of who I was except the name of Anubis running through my mind which I took as my name and I wound up traveling through this swampy land struggling to find something I was guided by instinct to find but not recognize.”
The scene changed to show Anubis walking with confusion still in his face on a dessert as Jinks watched as the gonoid head warrior stopped staring at the ground and began to kneel digging at it. He watched as Anubis pulled out a female form. 
He heard Anubis standing next to him speak “I traveled through lands with that instinct feeling in me not recognizing what it was till I found her Tala is her name I would later learn. I realized that the instinct feeling was me seeking people from the way I felt when I found her.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as the scene changed to show Anubis carrying the female into a room where there were other tan skinned Shadonians present in the room and lowered her onto the floor. 
He heard Anubis speaking from besides him “I took her to the nearest city seeking help for her but was rejected by people till I entered a temple where the priests informed me that she had already passed away. One of them there admitted that she was his mate who died giving birth to his twin sons and insisted to the others to give me sanctuary which they did.” 
He watched as the scene changed to show Anubis in the city walking discreetly behind a female figure carrying a basket while looking threatening to people getting near her. 
He heard Anubis speaking “I guarded the servant girl that carried Horus in a basket to the Chasm of Storms where she threw herself in with the baby.” 
He continued to watch as the scene changed to show a crack in the ground looking on the large size in one length and saw the servant girl pause from walking to look across the crack to see two figures standing appearing to be talking. He recognized them as Osiris and Set. He frowned as Anubis following the servant girl paused from behind her attention on the pair. He watched as Osiris walked away followed by Set pulling out a knife and stabbing his brother in the back followed by Osiris hitting the ground going still. He felt distaste running through him as shadowy figures appeared and hauled Osiris to the crack in the ground and tossed him in which was followed by the servant girl jumping in and then followed by Anubis jumping behind her. 
He heard Anubis speak “I followed her in the Chasm of Storms assuring of her safety to Edenia which is where the Chasm is said to lead. I went in and fell through a travel gate ending up in the hands of the High Council.”
The scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room where his eye focused on a Human like figure with Shadonian eyes appearing to see him that narrowed his eyes before turning sideways to move the head towards the dais where the High Council sat. 
He heard Anubis again speak “The Human with the Shadonian eyes is part of a race called Seer that is said to prophecy the future and it was he who prophesied that the High Council will die by the hands of a Human hidden by Hades and King Winter. The High Council in their fear of their own mortality ordered the attack on the Humans’ home world Earth and told the other races that the lie of Humans being hunters who’ll kill them for sport that got the others afraid of the Human race enough to kill them if they met one.” 
He felt annoyance hit him as the scene changed to back to the swamp land which he turned to face Anubis which the gonoid head warrior spoke “The High Council’s actions towards the Human race is something I disagree with very strongly hence my divided loyalties to them and their enemies the Humans themselves.”
He nodded his head as Anubis reached out a hand touching his forehead and he felt his eyes forced shut followed by the scene changing to find himself at the beach facing Lance who was kneeling with eyes shut. Jinks cleared his throat loudly and waited as Lance jerked opened his eyes looking at his direction with an all black eyed glare. He felt himself confused to get Lance’s reaction as Lance stood up with arms folded still having that black eyed glare which made him feel annoyed. He heard a harrumph sound from the Meritanians he assumed on his right which he glanced at them seeing them looking his way with frowning looks on their faces. 
He frowned as Lance spoke with sarcasm while looking at the Meritanians “There’s more to you than just being mind walking plants isn’t there hmm?”
He formed a frown on his face as he looked at the Meritanians who looked sheepish by their expressions on their faces. 
He felt himself confused as Ramses spoke “Lance what you expect?”
He heard Lance speak sounding annoyed “You manipulated the minds of Anubis and Horus here for that gonoid head servant to confess his problem to my son about his divided loyalties to the High Council and their enemies the Humans themselves.” 
He stiffened hearing Lance’s words as he saw the Meritanians nod their heads before Ramses spoke “Well nice but what else have you thought about us, Lance?”
Jinks looked at Lance who gave off a growling sound which he saw his father unfold his arms raising his palms shot out his hands grabbing Lance’s hands in a tight grip. 
He heard Lance give off a roaring noise which he restrained his father by forcing Lance’s hands together and held them in a tight ironclad grip. 
He spoke “Father, don’t do this please.”
He continued to restrain his father who gave off loud growling noises sounding like he was angry. 
Jinks heard Ramses speak “Ajax, just hug him smarty and it’ll help considering that he’s ticked off and while your at it try covering his eyes if that doesn’t work.” 
He saw Ajax come into his line of sight that wrapped arms around Lance from behind as he kept his hands tightly holding his father’s hands. He felt Lance struggle from his hands holding his hands and saw Ajax’s arms release their hold on his father followed by his son’s hands covering Lance’s eyes who stopped struggling. 
He sensed his father calming down from the struggling ceasing and heard Lance speak sounding irritated but no longer angry “All right, kids you can release me now. I’m fine for now.” 
Jinks heard Ramses back him up saying “You heard Lance, release him.”
He obeyed as Ajax removed his hands to see Lance fold his arms with his eyes shown to be Human blue. 
Jinks stared at Lance who turned to face him with a frown on his face while appearing to notice Ajax standing next to him before speaking again attention focused on Ajax “Anyway Ajax what’s going on with the High Council from what I’m hearing?”
He frowned to look at Ajax who gave off a sound of a groan before speaking “Anubis blew a tantrum roaring in the throne room which is said to burst something in the heads of the High Council that died from the noises. Anyway it took awhile for Anubis to calm down from his tantrum before he stopped his noises for the others to dart him out unconscious so they could attend to the High Council they discovered it was too late to help them. The Meritanians managed to transport the speakers and the bird guards out but didn’t bother to transport the High Council to safety which has others furious with the plants about that considering they could have transported Anubis to some place isolated for him to blow a tantrum which they didn’t do.”
He heard a harrumph from Lance who spoke “Anything else, Ajax?”
He stared at Ajax who spoke “The others told me to tell you, predecessor that you can hit the Meritanians with your earthquakes any time you want just as long their kept in line with the High Council’s orders.” 
He heard the Meritanians give off sounds of grumbling from his right side protesting Ajax’s words. 
He heard Lance spoke loudly above the plants’ grumbling protests “Fine.”
Jinks watched as Lance forced Ajax’s eyes shut before turning his attention towards him as the Meritanians became silent. 
He spoke with a questioning tone “What’s with Ajax calling you, Predecessor anyway when you’re his father?”
He stared at Lance whose face formed a frown before his father spoke “Ajax got it in his head that you are his father and I’m not despite you having my body. He thinks this because it was you in my body that mated with his mother hence he thinking this. I haven’t bothered to correct him on that and I don’t attend to so don’t complain about it.” 
He shrugged and heard Ramses’ familiar question followed by his eyes forced shut. He woke up to feel a cat sitting on his chest while lying in bed in his bedroom in the penthouse. He heard the sound of the alarm and felt Willow he assumed get off his chest which he glared at the clock seeing it said eight o’clock in the a.m. 
Groaning he spoke “Sleep mode time.” 
He heard the electronic voice speak “Seventeen hours.”
Sighing he got up and went into the bathroom intending to shower which he did and came out of the bathroom dressed in fresh clothing and his familiar shoes on his feet. He went to the bedroom doors and yanked them open to see Gustav standing there in his familiar spot with his familiar look on his face. 
Jinks spoke “What did I miss since falling asleep yesterday?”
He heard from Gustav “Not much except Barry explaining to your daughter that causing those earthquakes will wear you out enough to pass out from time to time and require lots of rest to recover from doing them.”
He nodded his head finding himself agreeing with Gustav to speak “Well how’s Victoria anyway?”
Gustav spoke “She seemed to be ok after you passed out which she was reassured by Barry that you were fine but worn out by the earthquake causing. She’s currently at school today and won’t be home till later tonight due to saying that Mavis asked her out on a date the previous day which she had accepted.”
He gave off a growl hearing that as he spoke “I have to hear this now from you instead of when she saw me yesterday?”
He heard a groan from Gustav who spoke “She did inform me of this when she saw me after coming home from school the previous day and it was assumed that she already told you of the date.” 
He gave off a sound of disgust and walked into the hallway followed by Gustav who continued to give off groaning sounds. He went into the dining room and sat at the head of the table with his hands clasped in his lap as Gustav went into the kitchen banging the doors. He eyed the doors with a glare as Jacqueline came out carrying a tray that grimaced seeing his glare. He glared as Jacqueline placed the tray in front of him and found himself ravenously hungry ate the food with gusto and then gulped down the drink sensing it was orange juice from the orange color. He once finished got up from the table and walked out of the dining room heading towards the TV room which he paused seeing the familiar blue light was still missing from it. Jinks waved a fist at the TV and stomped out towards the elevator only to be blocked by an appearing Gustav who blocked his efforts. 
Jinks snarled “Get out of my way Gustav.” 
He again heard the foreign language from Gustav followed by being compelled to walk away from the elevator to take a route to the library room which he was forced to sit. He growled as Gustav went to the bookshelves and pulled out a book which the butler placed in his lap followed by being forced to read it. Jinks felt disgust running through him as he read the book discovering it was a romance novel focused on a male pirate on a water ship in love with a female in a rich family on land of the United States and doing anything to get her expecting his child just to have her as his. He continued to read the book till he reached the last page and slammed the book down on the table feeling himself annoyed with having to read it. He felt the familiar claw digging on his lap again figured that Willow was sitting on his lap which he looked down to see her and with a growl got up from the chair forcing her off his lap. He heard her meow sounding annoyed as he got up and stormed out of the library room heading towards the elevator only to be blocked by Gustav appearing from no where. 
He snarled “You acting on Barry’s orders again?”
He glared at Gustav who appeared to look nervous before the butler spoke with nervousness in his voice tone “You don’t want to leave the penthouse at this time if I were you.” 
He folded his arms to narrow his eyes as he spoke “Gustav what are you hiding from me?”
Jinks glared at Gustav who appearing to gulp and the butler repeated his words which got him further annoyed. 
He snarled out a growl and spoke “Can’t you tell me what’s going on besides your words that don’t imply anything.”  
He again got the familiar words which he spoke “That does it if you don’t tell me I’ll use my fists on you.” 
He heard from Gustav who spoke “Please do. I rather receive fists than face what’s out of the penthouse.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust walked pass Gustav and sensed him following which he went to the dining room and neared the kitchen doors only to be blocked by the butler appearing in front of him. 
He spoke “Get out of my way Gustav.” 
Jinks again got the familiar foreign language which he was compelled to the library room and forced to sit which he watched with distaste running through him as Gustav pulled out a paperback book and placed it on his lap followed by being ordered to read it. He read the book feeling himself disgusted to discover it was another romance novel this time focused on a mystery happening to a female who was the daughter of a deceased actress while falling in love with a male who was a writer. He read the book till he came to the last page and then slammed the book down on the table next to him feeling himself disgusted with having to read it. 
He mentally thought “What the depths is going on with the servants to keep things from me?” 
He heard nothing from Lance picked up the book and threw it at the open doors only to see Gustav standing there catch the book. 
He snarled out a growl as Gustav spoke sounding annoyed “You have visitors in the lobby requesting you.” 
Jinks got up and walked passed Gustav while waving a fist in the butler’s face as he passed him. He went to the elevator and took it to the lobby and saw in the room besides his familiar guards two males wearing suits and three police officers. He walked up to them frowning as the two suits held up badges and spoke identifying themselves as federal agents. 
He frowned as one of them a short dirty blonde and wearing wrap around sunglasses spoke “I suggest you come with us quietly or we’ll be force to arrest you for that for we have a warrant for it.” 
He gave off a sound of disgust spoke “Fine I’ll come quietly. What’s it for?”
He stared at the one with sunglasses who spoke “That matter will be taken at the headquarters and is not discussable here. We have a vehicle outside.” 
He again gave off a sound of disgust walked outside followed by the federal agents to see the familiar crowd was there along with several police officers holding them back forming an aisle leading to a van sitting at the curb. He walked down the aisle to the van and got inside to sit as the federal agents followed him shutting the door behind. He sat and felt an arm wrap around his forehead followed by a needle prick pain in his neck making him sleepy which he shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to feel himself irritated while lying on a bed and feeling a motion of a large giant boat moving through water from the vibrations. He got up sitting up and looked around to discover he was in a small room with a gated fence door and next to it were a toilet and a sink with a mirror above. He eyed the toilet got up adjusting his pants and went to it. He adjusted his pants once done and washed his hands in the sink then went to sit down on the bed. He felt himself filmed frowned as the federal agent partner to the wrap around glasses came into view on the opposite side of the gated fence door. 
He eyed the male who spoke “The name is Jones. I request you to come with me.” 
He stood up as the gate slid open which he walked out and followed Jones walking by gated doors to hear a shriek sound which made him look on his left to see a manoid creature that reminded him of a bat with clawed hand sticking out of the gated fence door shrieking. He stiffened as a weird feeling hit him while eying the creature. 
Jones spoke “Don’t mind that thing. It’s just batty.” 
He frowned but wordlessly followed Jones a maze of hallways and stairwells till he smelled salt air which became stronger as he and Jones reached a large hangar room where there were other people there including the federal agent with wrap around sunglasses standing with his lips in a thin line. He felt disgust seeing the male as he heard a yell sound looked to see with shock his daughter Victoria with her hands tied and restrained by some of the army men along with next to her was Mavis flaring golden eyes while having his hands tied and a piece of grey tape covering his mouth. 
He paused from his walk seeing the kids as the sunglasses federal agent spoke “I suggest you do what I say or else.”
Jinks snarled a growl softly as he eyed the federal agent with anger running through him. 
He glared at the male who added “You’ll use your earthquake power now.” 
He heard a shrieking sound felt a headache along with sleepiness which made him woozy wobbled stumbling a bit till he saw the ground rising up to meet him felt it on his cheek and passed out unconscious. 
Jinks came to find himself sitting in a chair underneath a spotlight. A male human wearing a uniform he saw was patting his cheek and speaking words garbled which he struggled to understand. He saw Victoria and Mavis standing besides the male appearing to be free from their bounds. He shook his head as the patting continued followed by a shrieking sound that made the three people grab their heads and fall to the floor forms going still. He felt dizziness as a Human woman wearing a white dress with a white cape and biracial skin and long black hair came into view heading towards him. He snarled feeling rage hit him hard as the woman reached him leaning towards him. His rage became full blown willed the Master through as the woman straightened up her form with a confused look on her face. He mentally ordered his earthquake power to come to him and sensed vibrations all around him as the woman stumbled her footing. 
He growled loudly “I’ll kill you, you bitch.” 
He repeated his words as the earth around him continued to shake violently as the male with wrap around sunglasses came into view holding a long gun in his hands. He watched as the woman ran out of sight into the inky darkness followed by the male holding the gun. He continued to shake the earth while feeling rage running through him fisted his hands growling loudly. 
He got an image of Lance flashing in his mind followed by his father’s voice speaking “Stop the earthquake now! They’ve been freed so you can stop it now!”
He ignored the order continued to shake the earth till he felt sleepiness hit him hard ceased the earth shaking and shut his eyes. He blinked his eyes to see the woman was back staring at him without a cape on with a male wearing a white robe standing next to her that seemed familiar. He forced himself up from the chair and charged towards the woman while feeling himself angry as he felt himself restrained from behind by arms wrapping around him. He struggled against the arms feeling them ironclad as he fought to free himself while growling his angry eyes at the woman who walked forwards towards him to place hands on his forehead. Jinks jerked his head up eyes towards the light blinded by it as memories of the woman he recognized as Janel flashed in his mind. 
He gasped out “Janel.”
Jinks felt her hands lower themselves from his forehead to his cheeks while forcing his head down as his eyes stared at Janel looking annoyed on her face stared back at him. He breathed hard through his nose as Janel leaned forwards and kissed him on the lips which he rolled his eyes from feeling pleasure hitting him. He shivered as her lips left his lips but her hands remained on his cheeks rubbing the areas. He sighed of pleasure feeling Janel’s hands on his cheeks that made him feel happy from the feel. Jinks felt himself freed from the arms as he reached his hands towards Janel placing them on her shoulders feeling warmth coming her as he touched her. He sighed again to stare at her seeing she had a pleasant look on her face as hands were felt on his shoulders forcing him down which his butt hit a chair and he sat as Janel followed him down leaning her form. 
He spoke “Janel.” 
Silence was his answer from Janel who kissed him on the forehead followed by his hands forced off her shoulders by a pair of hands as she forced his eyes shut. 
A gunshot sound made him jerk his eyes open which he looked around with confusion seeing he was still in the hangar room sitting in a chair and the male with wrap around sunglasses was in his eyes sight sideways in front of him pointing a gun in a direction. He heard a shrieking sound that reminded him of pain before the sound died down. He looked around the room to see people were lying on the floor appearing to be shaking their heads while groaning loudly. His eyes focused on Victoria lying on the floor shaking her head with her hands touching her head while grimacing of pain on her face away from the federal agent. He frowned as he saw the federal agent still holding the gun walk pointing the gun down and went to Victoria putting the gun to her head and fired it. He stiffened as Victoria jerked her form before going still then the form shredded backwards showing the creature he saw locked up appearing to be a manoid like bat. He felt the familiar weirdness feeling stop as the creature he sensed died. His eyes looked around the room searching with a frown on his face as the federal agent walked in his line of sight walking up to him to place a gloved hand on his shoulder. 
He stared at the federal agent who spoke “Sorry about that. Turns out that thing should have been put down the moment it was spotted hidden on the ship.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as the federal agent removed his hand of his shoulder as sounds of groaning became louder. He looked around the room feeling tiredness hitting him as he spotted Victoria appearing to be shaking her head while lying on the ground with Mavis leaning over her patting her cheek from sitting next to her with concern on the Builder’s face. Jinks sighed feeling relief hitting him seeing his daughter was alright and seeing that Mavis appeared to show care towards Victoria by his gentle touch on her cheek and the look of concern on the Builder’s face. He frowned as army people got up from the floor some going to the manoid bat and hauling it out of the hangar room out of sight. Jinks watched as Victoria woke up jerking her eyes open as Mavis leaned down appearing to be whispering words to her which he turned his attention towards the federal agent who walked up to one of the army people and thrust the gun towards the soldier who took it and hoist it on his back by strap. Jinks felt himself tired leaned back in the chair sensing it was a wheelchair placed his hands on his lap and shut his eyes sensing himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to discover himself on a beach facing Lance who looked angry by the black eyed glare aimed at the Meritanians who looked sheepish by the expressions on their faces. 
He heard Lance speak “You sent that mind walking gonoid manoid thing to the ship to cause havoc on it by transporting it from the jungle islands in Australia Atoll to the ship.” 
He frowned as Lance paused before speaking sounding angry “I’m disgusted that you encouraged Miss Batty you dubbed that thing to go after Horus as some mating object. Lucky for Horus there was a Human mind walker aboard who wasn’t fooled by the joke Miss Batty was playing on people there who had to bring her down. I’m not amused by your joke that you played on Horus. I insist you leave Horus alone and out of being the butt of your jokes period.” 
Jinks felt himself disgusted to glare at the Meritanians as Lance paused to give off a loud roaring sound followed by feeling vibrations of the earthshaking all around him. Jinks glanced at Lance to see his father was controlling the earth by the hand positions and lightening flashing around him. He looked at the Meritanians who had looks of pain on their faces and felt himself taking pity on them. He reached forwards and clasped his father’s hands cutting off the earthshaking power. 
He spoke “Alright father, they get the message and won’t do that stunt again.” 
Jinks heard his father give off a harrumph followed by saying in a calm voice “I’m fine now so get your hands off of I will ya?”
He obeyed to glare at the Meritanians who looked bewildered staring at him. 
He heard Lance speak still sounding irritated “Do that stunt on Horus again and I’ll hit you where it hurts and I mean it. Leave Horus out of your jokes period! I won’t tolerate them happening.” 
He saw the Meritanians all nod their heads while appearing to look confused staring at him. Jinks folded his arms and looked at Lance who did the same with his arms and looked at him with Human blue eyes instead of all black eyes.
Lance spoke “I should add that the Human mind walker had an ulterior motive knocking you out and getting you aboard that warship and threatening your daughter. Those people wanted to use your earthshaking power to free a trapped in some hill cave submersible underwater vehicle with people aboard by widening a crack on top of the hill to form it large enough for the thing to get out-”
He interrupted “Argh why couldn’t they tell me that instead of threatening my daughter? I would have done it anyway without the threatening.” 
Lance spoke ignoring his remark “That vehicle is free from being trapped and is being towed to the surface by a Shadonian underwater vehicle which the warship while haul it aboard and go to the nearest sea port to get that thing fixed along with the people aboard that feeling lucky to be alive from you freeing their vehicle.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust as Lance paused then continued to speak “I should add that the Meritanians transported Miss Batty aboard that warship as some joke which I found out due to being suspicious about them laughing about something without saying what it was. I figured out the joke when you saw Miss Batty and felt her mind walking power and I sensed what the Meritanians were doing by their words encouraging that thing to see you as some mating object. This has me annoyed that they are playing jokes on you which I find unacceptable behavior and won’t tolerate it period.”
He heard Ramses speak “Give us a break will ya?”
Jinks formed a glare on his face as Lance did the same his father showing black eyes as he willed the Master through. He turned his form towards the Meritanians that appearing to grimace from looking at him and Lance he sensed was looking at the plants. 
He spoke sounding angry “You were saying Meritanians?”
He heard Lance echo his words also sounding angry. 
He glared at the Meritanians who formed grimace looks on their faces followed by Ramses speaking “Oh come on it was a just a joke. Can’t you take a joke?”
Jinks willed the earth to shake and felt the vibrations around him as the Meritanians formed pain on their faces while tipping their forms sideways back and forth. 
He heard Lance yell “Don’t you dare do any jokes on us again! Get it?!”
He felt a hand on his shoulder and heard Ajax’s voice speaking “Alright you can stop that now. Mister Patsy and his sisters get the joke.” 
He willed the earth to stop as Ramses snarled sounding angry while seeing the look on the Meritanians’ faces “I’m not called Mister Patsy! The name is Ramses and don’t you forget it!”
Jinks looked at Ajax standing on his right who removed his hand off his shoulder. 
He glared at Ajax who spoke “Ramses and his sisters since the High Council’s demise have been going amok playing all sorts of jokes on people. That includes transporting gonoids from the Australia Atoll islands to places in the home base that have been causing damage urged by the plants to do it.”
Jinks growled an angry sound as he heard Lance do the same as Ajax paused before adding “We’re busy trying to get others to replace the High Council that passed away but the Meritanians have kept us too busy to do that due to their damaging jokes they’ve caused with them transporting all sorts of gonoids to the home base leaving us the job of getting rid of the gonoids who are causing all sorts of damage from running amok.” 
He heard Lance snarl as Ajax paused “They played that joke on Horus by transporting some bat manoid creature aboard a sea ship and urged that thing to see your father as a mating object which a mind walker aboard had to put that gonoid down permanently.”
He saw disgust form on Ajax’s face as he heard Ramses speak sounding sarcastic “No uh I’m not doing that. Get rid of that thing yourself. I’m not doing that job period.” 
He looked at the Meritanians to see them having their heads bowed as Ramses continued to speak still sounding sarcastic “Oh fine, you asked for it smarty.” 
He frowned as the Meritanians lifted up their heads while giving off sounds of hysterical laughter. Jinks heard Ajax give off a howling sound which cut the Meritanians to look in his direction with glares on their faces.
He heard Ajax speak “Want to explain the joke you played this time?”
 He stared at the Meritanians who gave up harrumph sounds before Ramses spoke “Nothing but dumping some busy body in the ocean. Who does this bonehead think he is ordering us to do things? The dumping serves him right for asking us to fix a problem when he can fix it himself.” 
Jinks groaned a soft sound as the Meritanians again gave off hysterical laughter while hearing Ajax groan besides him. 
He heard Lance on the other side of him speak sounding annoyed “What will get through the Meritanians that their jokes aren’t tolerated?”
Jinks looked at Lance as he heard the Meritanians cut off their laughter and gave up hissing sounds which he saw a metal gate arch appear behind his father followed by ropes grabbing him. Jinks saw Lance struggle against the ropes as he was pulled through the gate which faded from view.
He eyed the Meritanians which Ramses spoke “That should teach him a lesson to shut up.”
Ajax he heard spoke “Bad move Patsies. It’ll make him more furious with you.” 
He frowned as Ramses spoke with sarcasm “Lance can’t do a thing to us because all we have to do is play more jokes on Horus who’ll suffer if he keeps torturing us.” 
Jinks heard a roaring sound looked at his left to see Lance come out of the ground looking furious with all black eyes boring at the Meritanians as he sensed a weird feeling behind him. He frowned as the feeling seemed familiar hitting him. 
He heard Ramses speak “Touch us and we’ll dump Horus in the ocean among gonoids where he’ll have to fight to survive till some boat picks him up which won’t happen.” 
Jinks spoke as memories of the Elementals and King Winter flashed in his mind along with recognizing the feeling “What about King Winter and the Elementals? What are you going to do if they hit you with their powers?”
He heard Lance give off a harrumph as Ramses spoke “Hah they can’t do a thing to us. Water is our ally for we live underwater and so is rain which gives us nourishment and is the same as the sun’s heat from an eater giant in the sky. The cold can’t touch us for we get our warmth from being underwater and can avoid the snow storming on the surface.”
Jinks frowned as the Meritanians gave off laughter sounds and he spoke “Lightening from sky storms? What about that along with ice?”
He frowned as the Meritanians cut off their laughter to glare at him as Ramses spoke “Don’t think of talking to the Elementals about that for we’ll hear you and will make sure you shut up.” 
He shrugged sensing the feeling become stronger behind him as he spoke “Oh fine I don’t need to do that right Lance?”
Jinks looked at Lance who was glaring at the Meritanians with all black eyes as he tapped his father on the shoulder who looked at him. 
Jinks repeated his question seeing Lance become confused with eyes turning Human blue while staring at him with a confused expression on his face. 
Ajax spoke “Uh Predecessor could you explain this odd feeling I’m getting at the moment that makes me think something bad is going to happen?”
He heard the Meritanians give off laughter sounds followed by Ramses speaking “Why don’t you wake up and see for yourself?”
Jinks leaned over to his right to shut Ajax’s eyes that had a look of horror on his face before disappearing in a flash of light.
He glared at the Meritanians and spoke “Alright what joke did you do this time?” 
He heard Ramses give off his familiar question in an annoyed tone as his eyes were forced shut. 
Jinks woke up lying on a bed jerking his eyes open while sitting up. He looked around the room to see it appeared to be some medical bay and saw Victoria lying on a bed appearing to be asleep as he saw Mavis on another bed nearby sleeping by form still with eyes closed. He got up from the bed to stand feeling himself better but a weakness feeling hitting him. Jinks frowned as he felt a tip toss feeling making him off balanced a bit. He frowned forming it on his lips as the off balanced feeling stopped followed by the familiar motions of the boat traveling on the sea. He heard a sound of a door sliding open looked at his left to see a female walk into the room wearing medical scrubs with some annoyed expression on her face. 
He frowned as she spoke “You should be in bed resting as ordered by me medical doctor Samantha.” 
He shrugged and got back on the bed sitting on it and stared at her as she weave walked over to a desk to sit in a chair while giving off a sigh loudly as he felt the boat again tip toss. 
He spoke “Is there a storm out there or what?”
Jinks stared at Samantha who spoke “Not really. It’s just one of the officers fooling around on the controls. He’s locked himself in the bridge alone and is fooling with the controls while others are trying to convince him to stop. So far judging by the motions he hasn’t been stopped.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust and spoke “Maybe I could help?”
He heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “Do that and I’ll dump you in the ocean! I mean it period.” 
He groaned as the headache went away and added as Samantha shook her head in a no gesture “Alright just thought I could help when it’s apparent you don’t need it.” 
He again felt the tip toss feeling mentally spoke “Meritanians could you please stop playing your games? I’m getting a little nervous that something bad is going to happen.” 
He heard Ramses speak “Shut up or I’ll dump you in the ocean. Let us have our fun.” 
Jinks groaned softly as he moved his feet off the bed. 
He heard Samantha exclaim “Stay on the bed. We’re in lock down mode with travel on the ship restricted due to the trouble in the bridge.” 
He placed his feet back on the bed and forced himself to lie down with arms folded feeling himself disgusted with the Meritanians. 
He mentally spoke “When will your fun stop and you get bored with it?”
He heard nothing from the Meritanians shrugged to mentally add “Just hope that there’s a way to get you to stop your jokes.” 
He shut his eyes only to jerk them open when he found himself floating in air among the clouds while falling down towards the ocean down below. 
He roared out loud “Meritanians will you stop that?!”
He heard nothing from them as he continued to fall and stiffened seeing a large sea boat come into view down below him and realized that he was directly going to hit the boat instead of the water.
He folded his arms and roared “This isn’t funny! I’m not amused with this joke!”
Jinks glared at the boat as he came nearer and nearer. He blinked his eyes to discover himself standing back in the medical bay room with his arms folded a glare on his face. 
He heard Ramses speak in his mind “Trash us again and we won’t give you mercy next time so watch what you say period.” 
He felt the headache went away as Samantha came into his view looking confused while speaking “Where did you go?”
He spoke “Nothing just had to float somewhere.” 
He stomped to a bed and got on it laying his form on top of it and glared at the ceiling glaring at the lights shining overhead. He shut his eyes to dream of himself back at the beach facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare while appearing to be boring them at the Meritanians who were laughing hysterically. 
He spoke “Father what the Meritanians did this time?”
He heard from Lance “They think its funny throwing you in the air and having you fall towards the ship only to put you back inside it. Also they keep putting me out through that clouded gate whenever I hit them with my earthshaking power. I figured the only thing to stop those Meritanians is another Meritanian powerfully enough to counterattack their unstoppable jokes which we don’t have at the moment.” 
He frowned as the familiar feeling hit him from behind made him turn around to look at the scenery of trees and bushes seeing nothing amiss. 
He frowned as the Meritanians stopped their laughing and heard Ramses’ voice sounding behind him “What are you looking at Horus?”
He heard Lance speak “Jinks? There’s nothing but plant scenery nothing to see here anyway.” 
He stiffened as the feeling got stronger when his eyes focused on a large fronded plant and he stared at it with a frown. 
He again heard Lance speak “Jinks?”
Jinks eyed the plant as a frond moved down showing a Human like face with black eyes identical to the Meritanians that formed a disgust expression on the face. He stared at the face as another face came into view besides the face and saw all having disgust on them. 
He again heard Lance speaking “Anyway nothing to see here Jinks. Just turn around and look elsewhere.” 
He shook his head and spoke “I don’t know but I’m getting a feeling that there are visitors here watching us.” 
Jinks frowned as the faces appeared to be cocking their heads before the plant frond came into view blocking their faces which he again felt the weird feeling. 
He turned around to face the Meritanians which Ramses spoke “There’s no one here but us and you two smarty.” 
He shrugged and spoke “Do you have any offsprings or what?”
He stared innocently at the Meritanians who glared at him before Ramses spoke “Well we had a sister plant named Merra before I transported her off planet, brag that she could have offsprings and it didn’t matter who the father was regardless he was manoid or not. She bragged that she birth any kind of offspring, plant or manoid which her bragging got too much for me so I transported her off planet just to shut her up. Besides if she had any offsprings, plant or manoid we haven’t heard any peep from them or sensed them at all.” 
Jinks frowned as the feeling went away and he sensed anger coming from behind him spoke “Oh dear just hope that those offsprings aren’t going to retaliate against you for the jokes assuming they exist.” 
He heard Lance sounding confused “Jinks what you are talking about? There haven’t been any offsprings detected in my memory.” 
He shrugged as the Meritanians gave off gasps sounds with groaning tones followed by Ramses speaking “Owe drat that Elemental for hitting us with his zapper. No fair for doing that owe.”
He frowned as Ramses spoke again “Who dares to hit the mighty Ramses the great with his zapping puny power? I’ll manipulate you to suffer pain if you keep on doing that!”
He eyed Ramses who gave off a gasp and spoke “What?! Merra had offsprings and wasn’t kidding about that! I can sense them all over and their stinking mad!” 
He frowned as Lance’s hand came into view forcing his eyes shut.

Jinks sat in the dining room lost in thought cutting his talk telling of the story.
He frowned as his reverie was broken by a voice speaking "So tell me what did you do after you came out of dream sleep put there by Miss Batty as that gonoid is referred?"
Jinks groaned loudly hearing Tom's question to shift to glare at Tom who held up his hands again and formed a sheepish expression on his face. He shifted to look at Victoria who was again giving him the familiar pleading look on her face. He sighed and recalled what he did once he was out of dream sleep spoke the memory fully. 

Part Three: Out of Dream Sleep

Jinks frown as Barry held up a book and pointed a finger at it speaking “Jinks read the back and tell me what it says.” 
He took the book from Barry and stood staring at the book’s back and frowned finding his eyes sight not good enough to read it despite squinting at the book and repeated lengths of holding it from his face. 
He sighed and spoke “I can’t read it.” 
He heard from Barry “Harrumph perhaps the High Council will leave you alone now due to them doing the same to me after it was apparent I’m lame as ever despite their medical treatments done on me.”
He frowned hearing Barry’s words tossed the book onto the table and eyed Barry seated in the wingback chair that appeared to be lost in thought. 
He mentally spoke “What’s Barry talking about?” 
Jinks heard from Lance “Just go to sleep. I want to talk to you face to face.” 
He obeyed to get onto a chair and leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance who held up his hand and gestured with his head towards it. 
Jinks frowned feeling himself confused spoke “Excuse me?”
He got an all black eyed glare from Lance who spoke “Just copy my hand gesture with your hand and that’ll tell me if your eyes sight is fine or not.” 
Jinks groaned and obeyed seeing Lance’s hand was in a two finger gesture which he copied and frowned hearing a growling sound from his father. 
He heard from Lance “It figures that the High Council keep throwing you into tests regarding your head and eyes due to seeing them through Ajax’s eyes.” 
He stiffened at Lance’s words as he folded his arms and stared at his father who added “Jinks you’ll need eye wear glasses to see from now on along with putting up with my hand test too.” 
He stiffened from Lance’s words as he spoke “Father my eyes sight is just fine. I only have a temporary medical condition related to them which they’ll heal.” 
He frowned as Lance stared at him with eyes narrowing before his father spoke “Says who? Who told you that bit anyway?”
Jinks heard the sarcasm in Lance’s voice tone which he spoke “I always healed perfectly from medical conditions thrown at me so the eyes should be fine anyway.” 
He got from Lance was “Not this time Jinks. Your eyes are bad period and you need eye wear for them.” 
Jinks felt himself stiffening further spoke “What are you talking about? I don’t recall anything making my eyes become that bad anyway.” 
He heard from Lance “Remember that bat mind walker smarty? Its mind walking affected a nerve in your eyes that made them become bad so you’ll need glasses anyway.” 
He protested “But yeah right. I’ll heal from the eye badness fine enough to not wear glasses.” 
Jinks heard a growling sound from Lance before his father spoke “You’re in denial Inky.” 
He exploded as anger took control within him by grabbing Lance by the arms in a quick move and tossed him into the water hearing a splash and willed the Master through to mentally order his father to gag which he heard choking sounds sounding loudly. 
Jinks spoke loudly “Don’t ever call me Inky period!”
Jinks felt a choking feeling on his neck cutting off his voice which he heard Lance’s voice shocking him “Cut off that choking order now. You’re gagging Ramses and I don’t find it amusing having you do that.” 
Jinks obeyed willing the choking order away and felt paralysis hitting him making him crumble to the ground onto his back followed by choking stopped which he saw Lance put a foot on his chest and bend down glaring at him looking all dry. 
Jinks glared at Lance who spoke “Don’t ever attempt to throw me in the water again. I know this world better than you do and its secrets enough to avoid you attempting to drown me. So don’t do it again Inky.” 
He bared his teeth and mouthed “Don’t call me Inky. I hate that name period.” 
He continued to glare at Lance who spoke “Hmph Inky was your nickname people would taunt you with as a kid growing up due to finding you odd to them. Interesting that you hate that name for it reminds you of being taunted. I recommended that Ramses use that name when talking to you for awhile till its apparent he stops being furious with you for choking him.” 
He heard Ramses’ familiar question felt his eyes forced shut came to feel himself floating in the air looked around seeing himself heading towards the ocean which he growled some nonsense sound as he fell into the water with a splash. Jinks blinked his eyes falling to the ground landing on his bedroom floor all wet all over and felt disgust take hold which he stomped into the bathroom and stripped himself of his clothes and hit the shower washing himself thoroughly. He got out drying himself and stared at his clothes which he kicked them at the wall and grabbed his pajama pants folded on the sink counter putting them on and stomped out of the bathroom feeling his mood foul. 
He heard from Lance abruptly “Go to bed Jinks. You need sleep to heal from that water dive of yours that left your body feeling sore which you’re not acknowledging the pain.”
He waved a fist and felt sleepiness growled an annoyed sound and went to his bed getting into it and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises sighed along with feeling Missy his new cat sitting on his chest purring away. He removed Missy off of him and got up eyeing the clock seeing it was two days since his sleep which he went into the bathroom thinking he’ll use it. 
Jinks came out dressed in sweats and sneakers on his feet which he sighed and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to spot Gustav there who gave him a familiar look.
Jinks spoke “Any visitors or not?”
He glared at Gustav who spoke “Just Barry and that’s about it.” 
He heard an edge in Gustav’s voice tone glared at the butler who faded from view which he stomped to the dining room to find Barry there along with a Highlander wearing medical scrubs standing in the room. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Jinks eat your food and let the doctor examine you once you’re done.” 
He obeyed and frowned as the doctor appeared to focus on his eyes by the instruments waved in the area along with sticking them in his eyes sight. 
He spoke “Don’t tell me that I need glasses.” 
He heard from the doctor a throat clearing noise followed by the Highlander speaking “Unfortunately you need them whether you like them or not. Your eyes are quite bad enough to require them according to my instruments testing you in that area.” 
Jinks gave up a groan sound softly as he heard the doctor continue “Ah someone will stop by later with a suitable pair of glasses for you including instruction on what you need to do for them.” 
Jinks groaned again as the doctor picked up his bag and left the room which he stared at Barry who shrugged and then the Builder spoke “Take that as an opportunity, Jinks for improving your life.” 
He heard an edge in Barry’s voice tone which he spoke “Barry you’re not fully saying what I expect you to say.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry pointed a finger to his ear and moved his mouth which he lip read “Your home is rigged with all sorts of monitoring devices some that record sound. Some of those people working for you have been giving the High Council recorded conversations between you and who else including recordings of you doing karate. I warned you that the High Council have some odd unexplained interests in you such as picking on you one moment then helping you in a crisis in another moment which this happens back and forth repeatedly over and over. Just remember that warning to heart very carefully.” 
He heard Barry clear his throat then the Builder spoke loudly “You’ll find out what I meant by my words of taking an opportunity to improve your life so hit the gym room now.” 
Jinks got up and went to the gym room sensing Barry following him by cane noises sounding on the floor which inside the gym room he sat down and began doing his stretching exercises along with swinging himself up then began doing his Kata in black belt. 
He finished with a bow towards the doorway where Barry stood then folded his arms staring at the Builder who cleared his throat then spoke “I’m uncertain of when your new glasses will arrive so I suggest you amuse yourself by watching DVDs on TV due to your eyes gave you trouble reading a book I gave you. I’ll be in the library room reading. Excuse me.” 
Jinks watched Barry walk out of sight and heard the cane thumping became fainter and fainter. He sighed and walked out of the gym room slamming both doors to hear a meow sound which he felt pressure on his foot of a cat head rubbing the area. He looked down at Missy doing the rubbing which he bent down rubbing her back and feeling it arch underneath his hand movements. He picked up Missy who didn’t protest to that and carried her to the TV room which inside he placed her on the couch and went to the armoire in the room yanking it open to peer at the DVDs inside yanking them out to read their labels and putting them back when he recalled what they were about. He groaned finding that the DVDs were all video recordings of his life from further examination and eyed the TV seeing it remained a blank blue screen. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Why can’t I watch regular programs on TV? I got over that mentally while in some damned tube suffering mental dreams.” 
He heard from Lance annoying him “Because I ordered that and don’t question me for doing that order period Jinks.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Give me a break and let me watch something on TV.” 
Jinks heard “I’m not doing you any favors till you clean up your behavior and behave like the way I expect you to do. So put up with it. Watch some DVD or something recorded for it should amuse you for awhile.” 
He groaned softly and sat on the couch leaning back to shut his eyes only to open them feeling himself not inclined to sleep. He sighed and stared at the TV’s blank blue screen feeling himself bored which he adjusted his position to sit up and felt paws on his lap and looked down at Missy standing on his lap. Jinks petted Missy on the back and heard her give off a meow sounding like she didn’t want him petting her. He removed his hands and with such force picked up the cat only to hear her yowl which he got up and placed her on the couch. 
Jinks stepped back speaking “Make up your mind, Missy on whether you want attention from me or not.” 
He heard from Missy a yowl followed by her darting underneath the couch and sighed to hear a throat clearing noise sounding at the doorway looked to see Barry there. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “Missy? Hmm interesting name for a cat which I’m surprised that you would call her that.” 
Jinks spoke “You here for something or what? I thought you would be at the library reading.” 
He stared at Barry who spoke holding up a DVD box while speaking “I was given this to give to you. It holds recordings and should have something worth your while.” 
Jinks sighed and went to Barry taking the DVD box and heard the Builder walking away which he opened the box finding it contained six DVDs in it. He frowned reading the labels he finding himself able to read abruptly that indicated to some kind of game with the letter V included and number of where the DVD was placed in the box. He pulled out the one with number one on the label and put the box onto the coffee table and place the DVD in the DVD player then went to sit down as the screen flashed showing a green grassy field boxed with white lines and having two boxed net areas at the ends followed by people running into the field to stand in spots which he watched as the recorder did a close up view to one standing in front of a netted box which he stiffened seeing the person was Victoria who looked older and more womanly like. He watched the game seeing the players on one side were wearing white shirts with blue shorts and white high knee socks and appeared to be Victoria’s team while the opposing team was wearing red identical clothing with high socks. He frowned as he continued to watch the contents of the DVD seeing it involved some kind of kick the spotted black and white ball with feet and no use of hands or arms to manipulate the ball but other body parts only. He frowned as he watched Victoria keep the ball out of the netted box repeatedly whenever it went near her along with catching it and kicking it in the air as other players backed up away from her. Jinks frowned as he saw Victoria’s teammates get the ball into the net opposite from her and act celebratory after doing it. He continued to watch as the players resumed their familiar starting positions in the beginning of the game and continued to play with the ball. Jinks watched the whole game figuring out from memory that it was called Soccer and Victoria held the goaltender position and recalled the game’s foundational rules. He sighed as he watched Victoria’s team win by two goals to zero due to Victoria keeping the ball out of the goal a lot despite the opposing team having the ball a bit too much to kick it at her area. Jinks sighed as the game ended and then the screen went blank followed by showing another field looking different from the first one which players resumed getting onto the field along with a close up of Victoria shown in goaltender position and saw her teammates were wearing blue long sleeve shirts instead of white and the other team were wearing white instead of colored shirts. He continued to watch the game seeing it end in a scoreless tie and continued to watch as players lined up to stand for penalty kicks which he watched Victoria block the ball from going into the net three times from players kicking it at her. He watched as Victoria’s team won the game by scoring three penalty kicked goals and then the screen went blank again and appeared to pause from recording. Jinks recalled the DVDs’ labels saying that there were three games held on each DVD. He sighed and figured that he’ll watch them till it was time for his glasses which he proceeded to do watching the current DVD seeing Victoria not let any goals scored with her in the goaltending position along with her team appearing to be wins their game by scoring a goal. Jinks figured to himself that he’ll watched the rest of the DVDs just to amuse himself till it were time for his glasses or time for something else. He watched Victoria’s team win their third game till the TV screen went blue followed by a throat clearing noise sounding loudly which he looked at the doorway to see Gustav there. 
The butler spoke “Its lunch time now and time for your required meal so go eat.” 
He got up from the couch and left the TV room to find Barry in the dining room eating which he sat and ate his food along with drinking the cup followed by pushing the tray away. 
He heard from Barry “Jinks stay please.” 
He obeyed to sit watching Barry finish eating and drinking followed by hearing footsteps into the room which he saw the familiar Highlander was back carrying a bag and a small brown cylinder box in his left hand which he set on the table. 
Jinks stared at the doctor who spoke “Your glasses as ordered. I need to test your eyes while you wear them so put them on.”
Jinks sighed and placed a hand on the box figuring out how to open it from memory of his mother having one herself which he opened it and pulled out a set of glasses feeling that they were mostly lenses with metal attached for him to wear on his ears with some kind of necklace attached to the ear wear part for him to wear as a necklace with glasses in front of them. He placed the glasses on his face recalling his mother doing it and sighed feeling himself feel relieved from wearing them and stared at the doctor who waved devices in his eyes sight along with flashing lights at them. 
Jinks frowned as the doctor spoke “Well appears your eyes seemed to have accepted the glasses and vision has been improved from wearing them. I recommended by the severity of your eyes sight to wear them whenever your up and awake but not in water or when sleeping. That’s about it.” 
He watched the doctor leave the room carrying his bag and groaned loudly only to get a hand wave from Barry which he looked at the Builder. 
Barry he stared at mouthed “Jinks, I should have told you earlier but the High Council have been doing medical experiments on people appearing to be deathless testing them with various medical means before attempting to off them to death.” 
He stiffened as Barry continued mouthing “The High Council had nothing to do with your eyes sight becoming bad. It was the fault of that bat mind walker seeing you as a mate due to sensing something from you that all gonoids sense that makes them friendly with you with a few exceptions of gonoids not doing that friendly behavior.” 
He frowned to nod his head figuring out what Barry meant by the cats he had over the years acting really friendly with him and liking him automatically. 
Barry continued mouthing “Don’t worry about me. I was born this way and that the High Council did try to help me but they lost interests when their methods weren’t succeeding and dumped me to focus on someone else. They always lose interests in deathless people having medical conditions that aren’t healable. I’m pretty sure that your eyes being bad might make them lose interests in doing their jokes on you anyway.” 
He frowned as he heard Barry clear his throat followed by speaking his words verbalizing them “Ah Jinks I confess that gonoids and I do not get along especially cats dubbed furballs by Highlanders in peaceful terms. I add that the not getting along thing is gonoids getting away from me and refusing to have anything to do with me and that always happens to gonoids I encounter.” 
Jinks saw Barry’s familiar glaring stare look which he spoke “You know anything about someone named Amen Ra that I heard was Osiris’s father?”
He stared at Barry who flared golden eyes followed by hearing from Lance sounding in his mind “Bad choice of words Inky. It figures what the Meritanians said that someone was manipulating your mind to have memories while you were contained in the tube.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry continued flaring golden eyes with eyes becoming narrowed in some further glare stare. 
He sighed and spoke out loud “Well some dream pointed to some male named Amen Ra entering Shadan-“
He was interrupted by Barry speaking “Jinks.” 
He heard the firmness in the voice tone along with the voice talent in use clamped his mouth shut while staring at Barry who added “Don’t ever mention that name Amen Ra in the presences of me or the High Council. I’ll always be lenient towards you but the High Council believe me they won’t be lenient.” 
Jinks frowned to nod his head and kept his mouth still shut as Barry added “Don’t even mention anything related to that name to me period even if you heard it from the High Council due to that I’ll already know of it and its old news anyway.”
Jinks again bobbed his head and frowned as Barry got up speaking “Go back to your DVD viewing. The butler says you seemed amused by what you were watching on the TV by the expression on your face. Excuse me I’ll be in the library.” 
He watched Barry leave the room which he got up and went to the gym room to find the doors open and grunting noises sounding in it. He peered through the doorway to see Barry whacking the punching bag with his cane and giving off grunts each time he did the hit. 
Jinks heard from Lance “Jinks go watch TV and leave Barry alone.” 
He obeyed going to the TV room to sit on the couch and stared at the TV seeing it a blank blue screen. He sighed and eyed the DVD player to see it still had the DVD inside which he spied a device resembling a remote control on the coffee table picked it up and eyed it before pressing a labeled button saying play and found that the DVD was the same one he saw before lunch from the looks of the scene. He got up placing the remote on the coffee table and went to the DVD player yanking it out along with putting a fresh one in its place to see the screen flash showing a green soccer field. Jinks went to sit down and watched the DVD’s contents noticing that Victoria kept the ball from going into the netted box she stood in front of it repeatedly. He continued to watch the rest of the DVD sensing that Victoria’s team had some kind of win streak of winning games without opponent scoring goals due to what he viewed on the previous one. He watched the DVD to see a scoreless game as its first game and watched as penalty kicks were done with Victoria blocking them for her team to win the game as they scored. He continued to watch the rest of the DVD figuring out that her team had some win streak and seemed undefeated till the DVD ended followed by the TV going blue which he got up and took out the DVD. 
He heard a throat clearing noise loudly which he looked at the doorway holding a DVD in his hand to see Gustav there who spoke “Its time for your required dinner meal which you’re expected to take in.” 
Jinks placed the DVD back into the box and memorized the number then left the dining room followed by Gustav who continued to clear his throat. 
He sighed and spoke “Out with it Gustav.” 
He frowned as Gustav spoke “I must warn you that Barry isn’t in a good mood at the moment and was spotted in the gym room whacking the puncher with his cane which he did it for an hour before going into the library. He was very rude to me each time I came in the library to inquire if he wanted anything and seemed to be in a foul mood so be careful of what you say to him.”
Jinks spoke “Fine I’ll be careful so dismissed.” 
He heard nothing from Gustav sensing the butler not behind him who he went to the dining room table to find Barry seated in his familiar spot drinking something that made him think it was strawberry milkshake judging by the pinkness of the liquid sloshing in the cup and spotted an identical cup on the table nearby. He went to sit down and took sips of the cup in his hand finding himself needing it and gulped it down then without a word to Barry left the dining room and the cup to the TV room. Once inside the TV room he went to the DVD box and pulled out a DVD label memorized he was hoping to view before Gustav interrupted him. Jinks placed it into the DVD player and went to sit down watching the DVD play on the screen. He again watched two games of Victoria keeping the ball out of the goal along with her team winning keeping their win streak alive which the games ended followed by a throat clearing noise sounding loudly as the screen went blue. 
He looked at Gustav standing in the doorway that spoke “Its time for you to retire to bed as ordered by your doctor who insists on that. Your DVD viewing can wait another day.” 
He sighed and got up from the couch and went to his bedroom not meeting Barry on the way and saw Missy sitting on his extra pillow that gave up a meow sounding happy to see him before curling into a ball and appearing to have fallen asleep. Jinks sighed and entered his bathroom to find pajama pants on the sink counter which he stripped himself of his clothes and put on the pants then left the bathroom going to his bed which he yanked the blankets and got inside putting the blankets up to his chest and shut his eyes. 
He dreamed of Lance that gave him a black eyed glare making him nervous and felt his father’s hand on his throat gagging him followed by his father speaking “That stunt of throwing me in the water isn’t amusing along with choking Ramses. It was my idea to have you transported to over the ocean where you’ll be dumped into it just to teach you a lesson. By the way that ocean dumping is a favorite thing that the Meritanians like to do to people who get them angry. I warn you that the plants even do that to the High Council themselves including their minions whenever their furious with them. There’s nothing that can be done to prevent the Meritanians from doing that stunt once they make up their minds due to being angry at that person so be warned Jinks.” 
He nodded his head as he felt Lance’s hand become more ironclad gagging him followed by his father adding “Don’t ever mention Amen Ra to Barry again or to the High Council either period. Amen Ra is a sore subject they both share and have agreed to not to talk about. Barry will be always lenient towards you mentioning Amen Ra in his presence but the High Council will not and may act violently enough to put you down for awhile so keep your trap shut period.” 
He frowned at Lance’s word trap for mouth again bobbed his head and heard from his father “I’m also disappointed in you for being forgetful such as forgetting to take off your glasses before going to bed.”
He stiffened from hearing that to realize that Lance wasn’t kidding about it due to recalling himself going to bed while still wearing his glasses on his face. Jinks frowned as Lance placed a hand on his forehead followed by his eyes felt forced shut which he passed out unconscious. 
Jinks woke up hearing the alarm blaring its noises brought a hand to his face and felt the glasses gone and stared at the ceiling after removing his hand to see the designs on it didn’t look clear as before but blurry. He exhaled a breath to sit up and felt paws on his lap followed by a meow sounding happy which he looked down and petted Missy his calico cat he recalling on getting her. He found Missy was seeing she didn’t look clear to him. He groaned and removed her then got up from the bed to look around the room seeing familiar objects were no longer having details clear but blurry. He groaned as his senses blared warning which made him look in the direction of his closet doors to see a white figure shape standing there that waved blackness at him which he found himself falling asleep hitting the floor and came to feeling a gloved hand on his forehead. He saw a whiteness figure that he figured was a High Council member as his senses blared telling him it was Ajax which he eyed who straightened up his form before disappearing in a light show which he looked around and saw from the looks of things despite blurry eyesight that he was in his bathroom lying on the floor and felt a sickness feeling hitting him looked for the toilet and figured from its shape what it was and forced himself to get up figuring that he’ll use the facilities in the bathroom. 
Jinks came out of the bathroom dressed in business wear pants and long sleeve button top both in color black along with shoes on his feet from closer examination were some dressy form of sneakers. He frowned as to why he was given the clothes shrugged and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see a familiar figure there he assumed through the blurriness was Gustav who cleared his throat loudly as he squinted at him. 
He heard Gustav speak “You have visitors in the dining room along with your breakfast is there too.” 
He exhaled a breath and walked past the butler finding the male not following him which he entered the dining room to find despite the blurriness two figures there one seated that made him think was Barry and the other dressed in blue clothing that made him think was a doctor wearing scrubs. He went to the table and sat and eyed his food finding them not clear to his eyesight which he forced himself to eat taking a slow time trying to maneuver the food along with drinking down the cups’ contents then once done pushed aside the tray. 
He frowned as he heard Barry’s familiar voice speaking “Jinks how many fingers I am holding up?” 
Jinks groaned and looked at Barry seeing the male had his hand up but squint with no available seeing Barry’s hand in some shape.
He spoke “I can’t see your hand. By the way what the depths happened to have my eyes sight get so bad after lying in bed asleep? I woke up with my eyes sight like this and believe me it wasn’t like this yesterday.” 
He heard a throat clearing noise coming from the doctor he assumed as he heard Barry speak “Jinks you were in bed asleep for three days with repeated checks on your body and its system as you remained asleep not waking up by the alarm till now.” 
He groaned loudly and added “Ugh some person making me think their a High Council member knocked me out after I woke up and I found myself in the bathroom sick enough to use the toilet very badly and no it wasn’t through my mouth.” 
He heard from the doctor sounding Highlander like “Hmm that’s interesting that the High Council would assist in this matter due to my scans on you indicate that they injected you with something to get your body to withdraw some kind of sickness immediately through you know means.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and frowned as the Doctor added “I need to scan your eyes so don’t flinch from me putting objects over them.”
He obeyed refraining from flinching as the doctor shined lights and various not clear devices in his eyes sight and frowned as the doctor added “Ah looks like you’ll need an improved version of the glasses you were given due to the severity of your eyes sight. I must with due regret inform you that your eyes sight’s badness is permanent and can be fixed with various seeing eye wear such as glasses and for an example of one of them.” 
Jinks spoke “Doctor isn’t there a surgery or something like that that can help fix my eyes sight back to normal means?”
He heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly frowned for it sounded like Barry who spoke “Jinks there are various surgical treatments to help people see better but the problem with those methods is that they only work half the time as one half is improving a person’s eyes sight while the other half makes their eyes get worse as in making them become blind on a permanent basis. I wouldn’t recommend you to get any surgery work done on your eyes due to like what the doctor said that various seeing eye wear can help you see better.”
He groaned softly hearing Barry’s words who added “Don’t worry Jinks you’ll get used to it along with the seeing eye wear like I got used to having to use a cane to help me with walking.” 
He frowned as he recalled a memory of a dream flashing in his mind’s eye about Barry using the cane to help him walk balanced due to people assuming he was drunk from walking unbalanced. 
He refrained from talking the memory out loud as the doctor spoke “The proper eye wear will arrive once they have finished being made so excuse me while I go make the order and make sure that they don’t dawdle with making them.” 
He watched as the doctor picked up an object from the floor he assumed was a bag and walked out of the room leaving him with Barry which he looked at the Builder who spoke “Jinks hit the gym room. You need the exercise after being laid down in bed for three days.” 
He obeyed finding himself having no trouble finding the gym room from memory along with yanking opens both doors to sense nothing seriously wrong with the room along with the filming sensation remained. He went in the middle of the room and sat down doing his stretching exercises then went into his familiar swing up move followed by doing his Kata finding himself despite the bad eyes sight not having any trouble doing it. He ended with a bow towards the doorway to find the familiar figure of Barry still there watching him. Jinks folded his arms and stared at Barry who gave up an Hmph sound followed by the scene changing along with feeling his arms grabbed by familiar clawed hands he figured belonged to the Falcons as he now named them instead of by the name of Hawk Heads, as he sensed that he was in the High Council’s throne room from the looks of it despite blurry eyes sight. 
He stared at the High Council wondering what they were up to as he heard Shad speak “Well, well what do we have here? Horus with some blindness hah hmm appears that our trick worked. Hah.” 
He stiffened hearing Shad’s words as Onya spoke sounding annoyed “Oh for crying out loud we had nothing to do with Horus having some bad eyes sight. It was the thing dubbed batty that did it alone making him get some blindness so stop trying to gain responsibility for that so quit it now.” 
Jinks frowned as he heard nothing in response to Onya’s remark squinted eyeing the High Council to hear Ajax’s voice sounding in his mind “Their in argument at the moment arguing over the words one of them spoke along the words another spoke through both speakers.”
He looked around the room to spot a figure in white standing nearby him which is senses blared telling him it was Ajax who continued speaking mentally to him “While you were out asleep the High Council had you transported to their zoo where they keep gonoids for various means just to observe them around you. It appears from their observations that the gonoids appeared friendly with you including several with near manoid forms seeing you as a mate by acting mating behavior towards you. As a result the High Council had you transported back before anything seriously bad happened to you.” 
He mentally spoke feeling his mind still scanned “Ajax what’s with knocking me out and dumping me elsewhere instead of my bed?”
He heard from his son “That was just to inject you with some medicine to help you withdraw from something in your system that I suspect was from the gonoids being friendly with you as in them acting like you were sick with something which someone figured out from tests and got me to give you the medicine. Oh you should accept having the bad eyes sight due to that it’ll get the High Council to back off being picky on you. They pick on people who appear to have some kind of deathless status which they’ll quit once it obvious that you have some kind of permanent medical condition that makes you less perfect to their standards like they’ve been doing to others who have similar statuses like you.” 
He mentally spoke “You sure that the High Council won’t pick on you once it’s obvious that you have outlived Highlander life spans?”
He heard in response “Well actually the High Council has been picky on me since I came to exist throwing me through various tests along with having me breed offspring through Highlander females after I reached adulthood. They think the power abilities I inherited from you will pass down via offspring hence they having me mate various times with evidence to support their theory of the pass down from the offspring showing power abilities. I warn you that the offspring from my observation of them appear to be weak in the power abilities area which I haven’t shared with the High Council yet due to that pointing it out would get them furious enough to pick on me and have me thrown through another round of tests. I prefer for the High Council to figure this out themselves for they like figuring out things themselves instead of having people point it out to them.”
Jinks felt the headache stop followed by Shad’s voice speaking “Alright we admit it that we had nothing to do with you getting your eyes sight as bad as they are now. Harrumph it was the fault of the gonoid with a manoid shape dubbed Batty seeing you as a mate. We can prove this theory due to already having you while asleep transported to our gonoid keep and observing gonoids known to be nasty towards manoids regardless of their species acting friendly with you including manoid versions seeing you as a mate and acting mating behavior towards you.” 
He squint his eyes at the High Council to hear Shad speak “Do it Anubis.” 
He jerked as he saw whiteness appear in his eyes sight followed by brownness then felt a hand on his hair jerking his head back and Anubis’s face coming in sight as if the gonoid head warrior was scrutinizing his eyes by staring at him in the eyes with an eye. He frowned wondering what was going on as he felt Anubis let go of his head and found himself back into the High Council’s throne room still held by the Falcons. 
He heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “High Council that trick of yours you played on Horus isn’t going to work. We just remembered manipulating people to do a similar trick on Lance Richard when he had the body form and found the same results happened to him every time which is the gate would turn itself off every time he was put through it which it doesn’t matter if he was pushed or thrust through it by hand holds.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Ramses became silent which he heard Shad speaking “Ramses how disappointing that you didn’t bother to say anything about this till now. So next time you remember something about Horus or Lance Richard just mention it period to spare us lots of trouble.”
He heard nothing from Ramses in response as he formed a thin line with his mouth. 
He squint eyes aimed at the speakers as he heard Shad continue talking “Ramses transport him back to his home now.”
He felt his arms freed and found himself in his dining room to see the familiar figures of Barry and the doctor were there and ordered to sit down by the doctor which he obeyed assisted by the Highlander helping him get into a chair. Jinks frowned squinting at the doctor waving not clear devices over him and his eyes along with refraining from flinching from the lights shined at them. 
He frowned as the doctor spoke “Well looks like Horus got no injury from that trick the High Council played on him courtesy of Ramses suggesting that they do it.”
He stiffened hearing the doctor’s words to hear from Lance sounding in his mind “Harrumph the plants scanned your mind while I was scanning you during your dream sleep. The Meritanians are testing stunts seen in your mind on you by having the High Council do them just to see if there’ll be any results. A pity that they forgot that I went through those stunts myself courtesy of people’s manipulation and them doing manipulating work as well-” 

Jinks got interrupted by Tom speaking "Jeez the High Council had to try what's suggested in your mind to do it reality?"
He gave Tom a glare in response while hearing Victoria typing rapid fire paced before cutting off the noises. 
Jinks shifted to eye Victoria who noticed his look spoke "Just tell something else than what's going on in your memory dream."
He obeyed to speak. 

Jinks sitting in the library absent mildly listening to Barry's talking of reading a book out loud. He kept his mouth shut as there was a door knocking sound which he felt relief from the book's contents and looked as Gustav entered the room while opening the doors clearing his throat loudly. 
Jinks stared at Gustav who spoke “Master Jinks, you have a visitor who’s in the dining room at the moment and your presence is required there as soon as possible.” 
He heard from Barry as Gustav stopped talking “I’m done talking to you, Jinks so go and don’t keep your guest waiting.” 
He frowned but kept his mouth shut as he left the library without a word sensing Gustav following him but heard no sound from the butler. He arrived at the dining room and frowned feeling a little confused seeing a seated at the table male Highlander there wearing a suit with a tie and a briefcase on the table next to the male along with laptop computer in front of him which the male was poking a finger on the keyboard. 
He heard Gustav clear his throat speaking loudly “Excuse me Master Jinks as requested Sir.” 
Jinks looked at the Highlander who looked up from the laptop towards him and spoke “Good I’m Shinan McDuffy lawyer focused on child welfare. I have documents on this laptop computer I’m required to show you along with getting your signature on them as well.”
Jinks frowned but went to sit down at the table and stared at McDuffy who moved the laptop computer in front of him and gave him detailed instructions on how to maneuver the screen’s contents from the keyboard’s pointer device called a mouse for reading the documents on it which he made sure to pay attention to.
Jinks read the first page of the document "A ten year old boy child a Human who dubbed himself Sasha which someone pointed out that his original name was Anatoly Ianov and that his biological mother Tula Ianova had him through prostitution with a Human male who was cheating on his own wife using Tula for sexual means."
He continued to read the document detailed "Tula wound up killing a Human male identified as Emanuel Diego father of her son through gun weapon and was tossed in jail for a life sentence with no parole as ordered by the judge which Anatoly was put in foster care since he was a baby age three months old."
Jinks frowned pausing from reading thinking "Why I was given this document to read and what’s its importance for me to read it?" 
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Just read the thing and you’ll see why it’s important.” 
He obeyed reading "Anatoly since age one was bounced from one foster parent to others over the years he grew up till the age of eight due to peoples’ complaints of Anatoly being unruly and not obeying their discipline along with causing trouble in school as in not obeying the teachers on behavior issues. His foster parents who had him at age eight abandoned him in Hartford slums and lied to the child care agency on that due to that the agency was paying the parents money to raise him which someone found out about the deception and had the parents arrested while Anatoly was searched for which took them a year to find him due to that there were hardly any sightings of him despite people asked about him in the city. Anatoly was found in Bridgeport by some male named Robert Kensington."
He stiffens reading "Found him there and got him to the authorities and requested to adopt the boy through the child agency. Anatoly when questioned by the agency balked giving out his identity and only gave out the name of Sasha along with displaying some usual abilities that involved having his eyes change color from Human brown to all black and speaking in some odd voice that made people think it was cruel along with witnessed using some mental telekinetic power to make people choke along with paralysis on their bodies. It took three months for Robert Kensington to adopt Anatoly which Mister Kensington displayed a similar usual abilities as Anatoly had and was ordered to give detailed reports on Anatoly every month which he has been doing. Mister Kensington had Anatoly for six months while the child turned ten before the child agency decided to take him back and find a suitable parent for him reason is that Anatoly and Mister Kensington and family weren’t getting along, along with no improvement on the child’s behavior in school." 
He frowned as he reads "Someone sounding Highlander like called the agency and alerted them of an incident happening to Mister Kensington and family courtesy of the boy child doing to them such as controlling people while asleep using a lighted candle to cause the people to toss themselves out the window and get injured from the fall. The agency checked on Mister Kensington and family to discover that they had injuries consisted of falling out a window as detected by the hospital along with some neighbor walking their dogs reported seeing the family unconscious on the ground outside their house at night which the dogs pointed them out." 
Jinks continued to read "Day the child agency went to pick up Anatoly unannounced it was discovered that he was gone from the house and the Kensington family asleep on the floor of the living room as if knocked out which once waken Mister Kensington explained that the usual abilities involved putting people to sleep and that he was the only one who knew of the child agency coming to pick up the child and didn’t tell the boy of it but figured that the child had some mind walking ability due to suffering some kind of headache whenever in the presence of the kid even when alone with him."
Jinks frowned further as he read "Anatoly was found in Hartford slums a month later by two Highlanders who brought him to the authorities along with brought to the child agency and that the Highlanders confirmed the boy’s identity identifying him along with saying that Anatoly had some mind walking ability as in reading people’s minds but through their mind scans they detected that he could only read what people were mentally talking to themselves at the moment in their minds and nothing else at all." 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as he continued to read "Mister Kensington admitted to the child agency that his usual abilities were inherited from his father who had them himself and that his father was a hybrid of several species including partially Highlander due to that he heard that Highlanders like Anatoly could do with his mind walking powers could only read what his father was thinking if he was mentally talking to himself but for further scans of his father’s mind they would have to skin touch him for that." 
He read the document "The child agency is investigating Mister Kensington’s father dubbed Jinks Montreal as a suitable candidate for raising Anatoly along with having someone inform him of this situation." 
He comes to the last of the document’s form requesting his signature and that he had read it entirely which he shifted the laptop towards McDuffy and frowned staring at the Highlander who shifted the laptop back to him while holding up a pen device. 
He stared at the pen device as the Highlander spoke “Just write on the screen where your signature is required sir.” 
He obeyed taking the pen device and wrote right handed his signature in cursive on the laptop’s screen to see some form of ink signature formed in its place on where he signed his name then shifted the laptop towards McDuffy along with handing him the pen. He exhaled a breath through his mouth as McDuffy poked the mouse switch with a finger silently before shifting the laptop back to him and gesturing him to read. He obeyed finding a document on the screen talking about adoption of Anatoly Sasha Ianov and needing his signature which he frowned thinking that the agency worked fast and signed it. 
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Actually the agency is desperate to get the kid under parental guidance due to fears that Anatoly would destroy his life turning into a career criminal using his usual abilities to break the law repeatedly judging by his behavior towards authority figures.”
He heard nothing else from Lance focused on McDuffy who spoke “Mister Montreal, Anatoly will arrive here as soon as possible once I give word so be prepared for raising him till he’s eighteen is when he can legally be declared an adult by a court of law.”
He nodded his head and watched as McDuffy folded the laptop and placed it in the briefcase then got up leaving the room. He sighed and sat leaning back in the chair and heard a sound of cane thumping which came nearer and nearer. He looked at the entrance to see Barry enter the room who went to sit and he continued to stare at the Builder who frowned. 
Jinks stared at Barry who spoke “I got to warn you Jinks that the High Council did get a hold of Anatoly and had him for awhile while they threw him through various tests involving his usual abilities and mind walking ability before dumping him when they were done with him.”
Jinks stiffened as Barry kept talking “I’ve been living in an apartment in the building that has what I need for my disabled status just to let you know of that. I’ll be visiting from time to time when I’m needed and required to talk to you. By the way you’ll find Missy underneath the couch in your living room where she went to there after released from examination.”
Jinks frowned as Barry got up and added “I’m wanted elsewhere seeing something that needs my attention so excuse me.” 
He watched as Barry spoke gibberish using the voice and disappeared in a flash of light which he sighed and got up going to the living room to stare at the couches in the room till his eyes focused on one as if drawn and went to it. Jinks kneeled and peered underneath to see Missy to his relief that sleepily looked at him before resuming her curled in a ball status along with going back to sleep. He sighed and eyed Missy for a bit who ignored him staring at her as she slept which he heard the elevator doors open got up in a fast move to stare at the elevator seeing a male Highlander guard pushing a young boy child out with force as another male Highlander guard came out hauling a suitcase on wheels and dropped it before both guards went into the elevator followed by the doors shutting. Jinks stared at the kid seeing that he had similar skin looks but had black short curly hair along with Human brown eyes that appeared to look annoyed and angry at the same time. He figured that the kid was Anatoly Ianov as he eyed his clothes seeing that they were blue jeans and a red sweatshirt top. He shifted towards Anatoly’s eyes to see them turn all black as he quickly willed the Master through and narrowed his eyes while staring at the kid to see the child’s eyes shift back to Human brown which he switched his eyes to Human blue in response. Jinks heard a meow sounding friendly saw Anatoly look down as he did the same to find Missy rubbing her body on the kid’s leg. 
He spoke “Her name is Missy and she likes you.” 
He stared at Anatoly who picked up Missy who didn’t protest to that and went to the kid’s suitcase picking it up and added “Follow me to a room for you to stay in.” 
Jinks heard nothing in response from the kid led the way sensing him following to Victoria’s old bedroom and opened the door hauling the suitcase inside only to hear the door slam shut behind him along with a loud beep sound heard. He felt compelled to throw his fist onto the door obeyed smashing his hand through it and felt a needle dart stinging on his wrist which he felt numbness thrust his hand back into the room and fell to kneel feeling his knees weak. 
He gripped his numb arm with a hand while staring at the door and heard Lance yell in his mind “Will the Source through now!”
Jinks obeyed and found himself floating above his body seeing it change into Lance followed by darkness to come to hearing a ringing sound. He jerked open his eyes looking around with blurry eyesight finding his glasses off his face and he was chained by manacles around his wrists along with the numbness gone from him but an irritation hitting. He felt himself in a sagging position straightened up his form to stand straight. He looked around discovering himself underneath a spot light with a figure in black standing nearby with details not clear.
Jinks heard the familiar male voice speaking “Produce Lance Richard or else.” 
He glared at the figure in black and shook his head and grimaced feeling charges of electricity running through him that gave him pain through the manacles around his wrists. He recalled a memory dream mentally willed his body to charge of electricity and found the manacles snapping off of him which he willed the charge to stop and heard a familiar male voice sounding sinister speaking familiar gibberish while using a Builder voice tone and felt himself falling asleep which he fell towards the ground unconscious.
Jinks heard a familiar ringing sound and came to feeling himself chained again. He figured that the Builder was Barry by the familiarity of the voice but felt confused as to why the Builder would support the High Council with their stunts. He frowned as he discovered himself hung in the air looked down seeing something that resembled a pool with a gonoid swimming in it that made him think it was a shark despite blurry eyesight.
Jinks heard a loud male voice speaking sounding like Anubis “Produce Lance Richard now or else!”
He narrowed his eyes in a glare sensing the Master in control felt the manacles break apart and fell into the pool with a splash finding it not that deep which he broke the surface and gasped for air. He found himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who took off the crown off his head and threw it in a direction as the scene went black followed by the familiar beach scene finding himself alone there with the Meritanians in the water having heads bowed not paying attention towards him. Jinks recalled a time he was trapped this world and what he did to help himself get back to his own world kneeled and shut his eyes seeing with blurry eyesight a scene that appeared to be the High Council’s throne room. 
He heard Shad speak “Give him something to see better now. His eyes like that are annoying.” 
Jinks frowned as a figure walked into view that put objects on Lance’s face making his eyes sight clear which he figured were glasses and that the figure was a masked Highlander who walked out of sight. Jinks saw his father’s eyes shift around the room that focused on a familiar figure he recognized as Barry with some glare on his face eyes aimed at Lance while holding Lance’s crown in his hand along with his cane while standing nearby. 
He heard Onya speak “Now we have questions that require answers and you will answer them truthfully period.”
He felt a choking sensation hit him frowned feeling confused till the sensation persisted which he jerked open his eyes feeling himself choking. Jinks darted onto his feet sensing the Master still in control twisted to look off his right to see Ajax with the Master in control by eyes all black having a hand up. 
He twisted his form towards Ajax who spoke “Good I’ve been trying to get your attention.”
His senses blared telling him Ajax lied as he felt the choking sensation stop by his son folding his arms. He recalled the last time he and Lance switched places and were forced in the situation he was in now, he assisted his father in getting out of painful torture by the High Council, figured that the Meritanians blabbed about him helping hence Ajax here to distract him from assisting. 
Jinks folded his arms and glared at Ajax and spoke “What do you want now? Can’t you see I’m busy at the moment?”
He glared at Ajax who spoke “Alright I admit it that the High Council got a hold of some First One offspring who had source powers along with some mind walking ability.”
He continued to glare as Ajax kept talking “The High Council mind wiped the offspring dubbed Sasha and had he trained in assassin arts the whole time they had him just to target some people including having him target you and your furball as well.” 
He stiffened from Ajax’s admission who continued “The High Council’s servants were ordered to get Sasha to you so they rigged an excuse for the offspring to come to you so he could knock out your furball and then have him inject you with some experimental drug that causes paralysis once it travels through the entire body. Unfortunately the drug appeared to have knocked you out due to that you were found asleep by Anubis and guards who had to pick you up and get you to be transported to the High Council.” 
He spoke as Ajax paused “Explain what’s with Barry’s attitude appearing to support the High Council in torturing me and my father as in assisting in their goal of having the both of us switch places.” 
He narrowed his eyes glaring at Ajax who spoke “Actually that supporting is Barry playing both sides which the High Council is aware of it due to him reportedly recorded doing things to spite them before which they haven’t done anything serious to him in response to his behavior.” 
Jinks frowned recalling something about Anubis’s attitude from memory of him supporting the High Council and supporting their enemies as well and not getting any punishment in response. 
He spoke “Let me guess the High Council have Barry serving them but from what you said he doesn’t serve them whole hearted but only when he sees fit to do it.” 
He stared at Ajax who spoke “Your right on that, father but its not always when Barry wants to see fit to do it. He serves the High Council even when they order him to do it too.” 
Jinks took a step forwards to see Ajax take a step back which he walked forwards seeing his son’s efforts to walk backwards blocked by some ability to not able to do it till he was inches away and sensed his son seemed nervous. 
He unfolded his arms and placed a hand on Ajax’s shoulder and spoke “You’re my offspring and I’m your father so don’t ever forget that offspring obey what parents order them to do period.” 
He heard nothing from Ajax who appeared to gulp along with sensing his son was still nervous while still having a hand on his son’s shoulder. 
Jinks added “Don’t ever forget what I told you my son.” 
He saw Ajax nod his head Human style yes gesture and forced his son’s eyes shut who disappeared in a flash of light before turning to face the Meritanians who had heads up staring at him with mouths in frown lines. Jinks felt a hand on his left shoulder looked to see Lance there with crown on his head having an all black eyed glare aimed at him. 
He stared at Lance feeling himself nervous as his father spoke “What you said to Ajax, I’m applying it between the both of us. Don’t ever forget you’re my son and I’m your father and that you obey me on what I order you as your parent period.”
He gulped and spoke as Lance paused “Yes father.” 
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing a familiar noise sounding that sounded like his alarm clock felt himself lying in his bed with a vibration on his front along with pressure on it which he recognized was Missy tummy sitting on him. He jerked open his eyes finding the ceiling clear and brought a hand to his face feeling the glasses on it over his eyes and sighed as Missy arched her back and walked off of him. He sat up removing his hand and shift to stare at the clock staring at the date feeling himself confused seeing it finding from memory that three days had passed since he was originally injected by Anatoly. Jinks got up feeling an irritation hitting him and hit the bathroom darting inside. 
Jinks came out with glasses on his face while dressed in clean clothes fresh from showering along with feeling the irritation gone from him. He sighed and sensed Missy underneath the bed kneeled to peer at her and saw her sensing she was annoyed with something with tail twitching as she appeared to glare at the doors to the bedroom. Jinks figured that Barry was there went to the bedroom doors swinging them open to find the Builder there instead of Gustav. 
He formed a glare sensing the Master still in control as Barry spoke “I’m a sucker when it comes to my own offspring using the word ‘Father’ to me in some begging tone for something they want me to grant and I’ll do it.” 
Jinks continued to glare at Barry who added “I didn’t father just one offspring in this body form over the years I lived in Shadan. I mated with several females over the years and they wound up carrying offspring anyway. Oh I should admit that a certain somebody who you see as your father is the oldest and he’s the reason why I kept an eye on you for years due to that he’s not around to do any parenting despite you only having a female as a parent.”
Jinks folded his arms narrowing his eyes still aimed at Barry who kept talking “I admit it that the High Council have me in their employ but don’t expect me to do anything when it comes to getting out of their hands doing torture on you.”
He opened his mouth to speak and heard Barry add “One more thing that adoption of Anatoly Ianov wasn’t a joke but the real deal.”
He shut his mouth stiffening as Barry continued “As for him serving the High Council somebody managed to get through the Meritanians telling them off on having the group use offspring to do their work which the plants managed to fix the damage the group did. Anatoly is your responsibly to parent once he’s grown and I assure you that this somebody managed to get the Meritanians to use whatever means to keep the High Council from using offspring to do their work from now on period.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Barry cleared his throat and kept talking “You’ll be seeing me around from time to time when I’m required to be in your presence so excuse me.” 
He heard Barry speak gibberish sounding like using the voice followed by the Builder disappearing in a flash of light. Jinks gave up a harrumph sound and went to the dining room to pause seeing Anatoly seated in Barry’s familiar spot eating food from dishware on a tray that appeared to be nervous seeing him standing in the doorway by senses cued to the kid. He willed the Master away from him and went to sit down finding food in dishware on a tray in his familiar spot and felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food along with gulping down the cups’ contents. He once finished pushed aside the tray and leaned back folding his arms while shifting his eyes to stare at Anatoly who didn’t meet his eyes while eating food. 
Jinks heard from Lance “Jinks don’t be that harsh when it comes to punishing him for that stunt he pulled while under High Council influence. Think of something worthy for him to see as punishment but not too bad enough to think you’re angry at him.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as Lance became silent which he continued to eye Anatoly who ate and drank then got up from the table which he spoke “Anatoly stay.” 
He saw Anatoly look at him with nervousness in the kid’s eyes as the kid spoke in a voice tone that sounded like he was scared “The name is Sasha. I prefer that to Anatoly.” 
Jinks recalled punishing Robert and Victoria for bad behavior by making them do some physical activities that they both hated and figured that Anatoly would hate it as well too. 
He stood up and spoke “Sasha drop down and give me ten pushups and ten sit ups now and count out loud while you’re doing them.” 
Jinks folded his arms forming a glare on his face aimed at Anatoly who stared at him with some confused expression on his face. He spoke describing what pushups and sit ups were very detailed then pointed a finger to the floor jabbing down and ordered for it to be done immediately while resuming folding his arms. Jinks glared at Anatoly who got on the floor doing the pushups awkwardly while counting out loud up to ten followed by adjusting position to do sit ups weakly while counting up to ten out loud before appearing to collapse on the floor gasping for breath loudly. 
Jinks bent down over Anatoly and spoke “Consider that your punishment, Sasha so don’t forget it period.” 
He paused as he heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Pick up Sasha and carry him to his bedroom and put him on the bed just to show mercy towards him for obeying doing your punishment orders.”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as Lance became silent which he bent down and picked up Sasha holding him in his arms and carried the kid still panting to his bedroom finding the door ajar. He kicked it open further and entered the room putting Sasha on the bed then adjusted the pillows seeing a sit up pillow there and got onto the bed leaning back against it. He put Sasha leaning sideways against his front and wrapped arms around the kid in a hug gesture and sighed loudly feeling himself happy from having the child in his arms. Jinks heard a meow sound saw Missy onto the bed walk up to him to tummy sit on him next to Sasha’s front which he saw Sasha reach out a hand touching the cat on her back who didn’t protest to that only gave up a purring vibration. Jinks sighed and felt Sasha had fallen asleep by the form still with breathing sensed. 
He heard from Lance “Go to sleep, Jinks. You need it anyway.” 
He sighed and leaned his head back and shut his eyes feeling himself motivated to sleep and passed out unconscious. 
Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked looking off his right to see Gustav who spoke “Master Jinks I prefer you use your own bedroom for sleeping instead of Sasha’s bedroom.”
Jinks sighs sensing Sasha he figured he’ll refer him gone from him along with Missy which he got up as Gustav removed his hand. He left the bedroom thinking to himself that he’ll go to the TV room and watch what’s left of the DVDs featuring Victoria playing goaltender in soccer which he proceed to go to the TV room. Once inside he picked up the box hearing a sound that sounded out and opened it to discover all the DVDs inside were cracked into pieces and felt a range of emotions hitting him followed by rage. 
Jinks walked out of the TV room and bellowed “Gustav!”
He didn’t have long to wait as Gustav arrived with a questioning look on the butler’s face which he thrust the box and spoke “I want a replacement for this destruction.” 
He heard from Gustav who took the box “Will do sir.”
He added the dismissed order then stormed to the gym room swinging open the doors with a slam and darted inside going into his Kata feeling himself angry. Jinks noticed during his movements that Sasha was in the room in front of the punching bag staring at him whom he ignored till he felt himself a bit less angry once done storm to a corner of the room and kneeled shutting his eyes. He willed himself to calm forcing himself to mediate as his anger bubbled and then he felt a rage episode arrive within him. He found himself floating above his body to witness it get up in a fast move and with super speed dart towards another part of the room grabbing Sasha by the collar of his shirt and lifted him up tossing him backwards towards the punching bag who hit it and slid towards the floor landing on his feet which he grimaced watching himself dart towards Sasha and began punching the punching bag while keeping the kid in front of it by hands grabbing him and putting him in position. Jinks continued to watch as he saw himself kneel and grab the kid in a tight hug hold and found himself back into his body still hugging Sasha and released the kid. 
He spoke while staring at Sasha not having the Master in control “I’m sorry, Sasha.” 
He bowed his head removing his glasses off his face to put them in his hand while rubbing a hand on his face as he heard a growling sound come from Sasha. He frowned raising his head lowering his hand to stare at Sasha with blurriness in his eyes sight as without a warning he felt himself used as a punching bag by the kid hitting and kicking him all over his front. 
He shut his eyes mentally willing himself to calm while chanting to himself mentally “I will remain calm. Sasha’s angry and has every right to be.” 
Jinks continued his mental chant as he sensed a headache hitting him followed by kid’s hands touching his cheeks which he continued his chant willing himself to calm as he sensed his mind scanned. He exhaled a breath halting his chanting as the headache continued while feeling himself very calm along with hugged abruptly by Sasha having arms around his neck and having cheek touching his cheek. Jinks opened his eyes feeling himself much better but felt dread hitting him as he sensed the familiar filming sensation in the room.
Jinks wound up thinking to himself "Someone would have an excuse to remove Sasha from me due to myself filmed throwing the kid at the punching bag and acting threatening towards him." 
He felt Sasha stop hugging him as the headache stopped followed by the kid speaking “Put your seeing eye wear on.” 
Jinks frowned hearing the firmness of Sasha’s tone obeyed putting on his glasses and stared at the kid who added “Don’t worry about me. I can take care of myself.” 
He frowned hearing Sasha’s words figured that the kid scanned his mind and overheard his mental talk refrained from commenting further to gently put a hand on the kid’s shoulder who didn’t protest to that. He heard a throat clearing noise got up removing his hand and shift to stare at the doorway finding Gustav there. 
He stared at the butler who spoke “Lunch is served, sirs.” 
Jinks without commenting walked out of the room followed by Sasha sensing the butler following still clearing his throat. 
He halted his walk and stared at Gustav while speaking “Out with it now.”
Gustav spoke “Ah you have a visitor in the dining room. I’m instructed not to say who it is actually but wasn’t told not to mention of there being a visitor or not.” 
Jinks frowned and spoke “Fine dismissed Gustav.” 
He saw the butler fade from view which he went to the dining room to find Barry there eating while seated at the table. Jinks spied to find two spots holding dishware full of food on trays on the table which he went to sit down sensing Sasha sit next to him off his right. He heard nothing from Barry as he felt himself hungry ate his food taking his time along with drinking his drink. Once done he leaned back in the chair and folded his arms while staring at Barry who ignored him and noticed the Builder was staring at Sasha with some scrutiny look. 
Jinks eyed Sasha who finished his nourishment and darted out of the dining room which he got up only to hear Barry speaking “Jinks stay I want to talk to you.” 
He obeyed to sit down and stared at Barry thinking to himself “How the depths did the High Council rope Barry into serving them anyway?”
Jinks heard nothing from Lance figured from a dream sleep dreaming that Barry could detect Lance talking to him and recalled another dream mentioning the Builder having the ability to fool people with ability to detect lies. 
He frowned as he eyed Barry who finished his nourishment followed by the Builder speaking “The High Council have got it to their heads that Anatoly or Sasha as he prefers to be called should be raised by their servants with the group influencing him on their beliefs.”
He stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued talking “Once the High Council have their minds made up on something there’s nothing that can deter them from that. They will do what it takes to achieve their goals and it doesn’t matter if people die in the process as long as they get what they want period. They want Sasha period and will do what they can to get him even kill people in the process.”
Jinks spoke as Barry paused “Then why are you telling me this anyway?”
He stared at Barry who met his eyes before the Builder spoke “What I told you was a warning due to that the High Council was overheard expressing that thought and ordering people to put it in motion. I warn you that the High Council has quite a vast army of servants serving them that will fight for them in a war battle while you only have yourself for fighting.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes hearing Barry’s words recalled the Master Organization spoke “The Master Organization?”
He heard from Barry “Will do nothing to stop the High Council due that the group used their influence while you were out asleep to make the Master Organization and other similar groups harmless to them. Sorry Jinks you’re alone in this battle facing a wall you can’t overcome.” 
Jinks felt his senses blaring warning hearing Barry’s words spoke “You want to tell me why you’re serving the High Council?”
He got from Barry who stood up which he did the same “None of your business Jinks.” 
Jinks in a fast speed move darted towards Barry and grabbed the Builder’s jacket top gripping it with both hands while willing the Master through. He opened his mouth to speak and felt a hand on his throat in an ironclad hold and felt himself lifted up dangling his feet. 
He heard Barry speaking “I suggest you let go of me now Jinks.” 
He sensed the hand holding him up by the throat belonged to Barry who flared golden eyes in some narrowed glare. Jinks obeyed releasing his hands off of Barry’s jacket and felt himself thrown backwards hitting the floor with a grunt coming out of him. He looked up to see Barry disappear in a flash of light and threw himself up in a karate swing up move. 
Jinks stomped his foot and folded his arms feeling himself angry as he heard from Lance abruptly “Jinks I got to confess but I could never physically defeat Barry in fights whenever we fought each other. It doesn’t matter if I used the source or not due to that the source’s powers would turn onto me if I tried to use them onto Barry.”
Jinks gave up a growl sound as Lance continued talking “Oh I should tell you that Barry’s lying about the Master Organization. The Master Organization after your medical condition was discovered blamed the High Council for pulling that stunt that happened to you and has been trashing that group secretly and publicity for awhile even doing what it takes to spite them including causing death as well.” 
He willed himself to calm as Lance continued talking “I suggest you talk to whoever inquires about taking Sasha away from you that the High Council wants to adopt him just to spite the group. Hopefully that’ll stall having Sasha taken from you long enough to get the High Council to drop their interests. They don’t keep what their interested in very long and are easily bored of things enough to drop it and get interested in something else.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and left the dining room sensing Lance become silent which he went to the gym room to find Sasha punching the punching bag. 
He stood watching Sasha punching away and figured that the kid was angry about something silently walked away going to the library to swing open the doors and stared with anger finding Barry inside seated in a chair who spoke “Come in shut the doors.” 
Jinks obeyed feeling himself further angry while folding his arms and glared at Barry sensing the Master in control as the Builder spoke “Alright Jinks, the High Council ordered me to manipulate people to get Sasha away from you including doing what it takes to get him into their hands period.” 
Jinks gave a growl sound feeling himself a bit more angry as Barry kept talking “I thought I would warn you of what the High Council ordered.” 
He felt rage take control darted forwards unfolding his arms and fisting his hands to throw a fist aimed at Barry’s face only to feel the Builder’s cane block him which he found his efforts to hit Barry by fist or foot blocked by the cane. Jinks snarled out a growl and charged towards Barry full body attack only to hear the Builder speaking gibberish using the voice and felt compelled to lay on the floor which he obeyed feeling himself not inclined to get up as he heard clicking sounds sounding around loudly. 
Jinks felt a headache hitting him followed by his anger left him leaving him calm along with the head pain gone which he threw himself up to stand and folded his arms and spoke “Barry why didn’t you bother to have me calm down first before I attacked you?”
He stared at Barry who spoke “Ah Lance Richard yelled at me about having you become calm instead of being attacked which I proceeded to do.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust very loudly and then heard Barry speaking “Now we can discuss things in private without being overheard or recorded.” 
Jinks frowned staring at Barry who continued talking “Ah my serving the High Council is related to having interests in your well being as in keeping you alive and unharmed while influencing people to do the same.”
He formed a frown with his lips as Barry kept on speaking “I’m pretty sure that the High Council is aware of this interests in you and has done what it takes to have me serving them including using my interest against me as well. They have said threats to cause harm to you several times which I know them too well that they’ll go through with they threatened to harm.”
Jinks heard clicking sounds all over the room followed by Barry speaking “Your vulgar language is not appropriate, Jinks. Be grateful that I had the recorders in the room turned off so they won’t hear you scream it in my face so good luck in trying to fight the High Council. Believe me that you’re facing a big wall anyway.” 
He refrained from talking as Barry got up speaking in gibberish using the voice and disappeared in a flash of light. 
He heard from Lance “Jinks you might want to cause some destruction to the room just so that High Council spies will report that Barry’s not kidding about what he said regarding you.” 
Jinks unfolded his arms and obeyed making a mess in the room which he knocked off books out of various bookshelves along with picking up the two lamps and threw them at the walls seeing them break apart along with falling onto the floor in pieces. He heard a door knocking sound refrained from making any noises before turning to face the doors finding them open and Gustav standing in the doorway looking a bit bewildered on by the expression on the butler’s face. Jinks stomped towards Gustav and grabbed the butler’s jacket lifting him up dangling his feet and narrowed his eyes refraining from talking. 
He glared at the butler who spoke “Master Jinks I recommended that you use the gym room instead of making a mess in the library.”
He let go of the butler to drop him onto the floor that landed on his feet and walked leaving Gustav which he hit the gym room to throw himself into his Kata doing his karate movements feeling like needing to do it. He sensed Sasha in the room in a corner staring at him as he did his karate then once done proceeded to do his drills and saw the kid out of the corners of his eye copying him in doing the drilling movements. Jinks saw a light flash where the kid was and looked to find him gone which he stomped his foot and stormed to the punching bag proceeding to do his karate on it till he felt sleepiness hitting him ignored the sensation. He felt the sleepiness persisted halted his karate and slid to the floor lying on it shutting his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who held up a hand in a gesture and jerked his head towards it. 
Jinks spoke “Ugh why do I have to do that for? My eyes here are fine anyway.” 
He got an all black eyed glare from Lance followed by gagged on the throat by his father’s hand who spoke “I’m your father, you’re my offspring and that you obey me in my orders. Don’t forget it period.” 
Jinks gagged out “Father-“
His voice was cut off Lance’s hand becoming more ironclad followed by his father speaking “Don’t try to beg, Jinks. I’m not a sucker like Barry is when it comes to his own offspring speaking the word father to him in some begging tone to get him to do something they want. It won’t work on me so quit it.” 
He mouthed “Then why are you gagging me anyway?”
He got from Lance “Because you should stop being in denial about your eyes sight while in here due to that your wearing seeing eye wear seen on your face despite the change of clothes.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Lance’s words as he raised a hand and brought it to his face and felt the glasses firmly on there over his eyes hence he seeing clearly. 
He felt Lance loosen a bit of his hold on his neck which he groaned out as he removed his hand from his face “When did you see me wear these eye wear anyway?”
He heard from Lance “You were wearing them when I first threw that hand test that you fought me on and choked a certain person who hates that stunt played period.” 
Jinks groaned recalling the incident in memory spoke “Alright I get it that I need to wear glasses to see fine. Just would like it if you said something about me wearing them when you told me at first that my eyes sight was bad and me in denial about it. I would have accepted the eyes sight badness right away if you explained that clearly to me.”
He felt Lance’s hand become ironclad followed by his father speaking “Nice try Jinks but I know you too well that you always was in denial about bad eyes sight said to hit you in the future from your mother and doctor speaking the prediction to you. Believe me I’m not kidding about this due to seeing you throw tantrums in front of people saying your eyes sight was going to be bad and you screaming that your eyes was going to be fine period.”
Jinks mouthed “Then what’s with my bad reaction to people telling me about my eyes going bad anyway?”
He heard from Lance “Ah that reaction I believe has something to do with you obsessed in doing some sport called karate or should I say combative art as the Highlanders call it. You were very obsessed in doing karate the moment your mother signed you up in it enough to want to watch people and whining to your mother to see tournaments and copy the winners doing it. You for some reason kept the karate up after you were done being taught and it explains why you wound up in a twenty year coma not listening to my body complain of muscle tearing from you doing the karate movements.” 
Jinks felt himself stiffening from that as he recalled what Lance was talking about clearly in his mind as Ramses’ voice cut in speaking his familiar question and felt his eyes forced shut came to feeling an arm over his glasses over his eyes while lying on the gym room floor having a hand shaking his shoulder. Jinks removed his arm finding his eyes already open and stared to see Gustav who straightened up his form clearing his throat loudly. 
Jinks swung himself up and stood with arms folded staring at Gustav who spoke “You have a visitor in the dining room which is some Highlander lawyer answering to the name of McDuffy that insisted on your presence for forms to be filled out.”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled then spoke “Fine dismissed but be ready for when I call for you.” 
He got a head bob from Gustav who faded from view which he went to the dining room to find the familiar Highlander lawyer there fiddling on the lap top which he sat and eyed the male who thrust the computer at him and gestured for him to read it. Jinks obeyed finding on the screen a document issuing him to surrender Sasha to the child welfare agency who’ll find a suitable parent for him to be adopted along with needing his signature. 
Jinks thrust the laptop at McDuffy speaking “I’m not signing the damn thing due to word saying that the High Council wants Sasha to be raised by them and their servants. As far as I’m concerned the High Council can screw themselves for they have to learn that they can’t always get what they want.” 
He got up hearing McDuffy speaking “I have something on the computer that might make you change your mind so excuse me while I pull up the file.” 
He figured to himself thinking that the file was a recording of himself throwing Sasha along with acting threatening heard from Lance sounding in his mind abruptly “Its something else than that scenery your thinking of. The Meritanians blabbed what it is that the High Council has in mind in getting you to sign the documents.” 
He heard a throat clearing noise exhaled a breath through his mouth and sat down eyeing the laptop as McDuffy spoke instructions on turning on the file due to that it’s a recording which he obeyed finding a scene showing a house at night time through green view. He frowned watching as a figure appearing to be Victoria came out of the window through crashing through it and landed onto the ground with form still as the scene again focused on the house showing a male he figured was Robert and a female he figured was Samira crashing through windows and hitting the ground with form still. He continued to watch with distaste running through him as the recording shifted to the High Council missing the speakers. 
He heard a male voice sounding Highlander in electronic tones speaking “Hello Horus what you seen is an assassin controlling what you value to throw themselves out the windows and get hurt from that. We have figured out how that happened and will keep it up onto your people if you don’t do what we want you to do. We suggest you do it period or else.” 
The screen he stared at changed to back to file form which he thrust the laptop back to McDuffy and spoke loudly “How do you expect me to explain Sasha gone from me if certain people inquire about him?”
He glared at the Highlander who spoke “Actually the High Council had Sasha declared dead as ran away from home and a victim of a dangerous gonoid attack which local spies managed to put on files related to the offspring so people won’t inquire about him.”
He gave up a sound of disgust as McDuffy thrust the laptop back to him and he saw the familiar screened document along with the Highlander holding up a pen device which he took and scrawled a vulgar comment on the screen along with his name then thrust the device back to the male that did a double take look seeing his writings. 
He spoke “That’s how I feel related to this situation so is there anything else for wasting my time with this ridiculousness?”
He glared at McDuffy who ignored him fiddling with the laptop before looking at him speaking “Just one other thing that is requested that you need to read and sign.” 
He gave up a Harrumph sound as McDuffy thrust the laptop at him showing a familiar screen which he read was a document issuing him agreeing with some group dubbed Chances to father offspring through donation and mating ways as ordered by them. 
Jinks spoke “This is ridiculous. I’m not signing to become a breeder and you better have a good excuse to why I should sign this joke.” 
He glared at McDuffy who took the laptop and fiddled with it followed by the laptop thrust to face him and gestured which he saw a familiar file indicating a recording gave up a sound of disgust turned it on to watch the scene. He saw an overhead view of a male he recognized named Barry standing next to a crib holding some baby inside it at a hospital from the looks of it. 
He continued to watch as a female walked up to Barry speaking in some annoyed tone “Medical personal allowed in this room so get out now.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke gibberish using the voice followed by the female a nurse walking away with some confused look on her face and continued to watch the scene. He watched as Barry put aside his cane and leaned down into the crib picking up the baby dressed in pink which he figured was a girl and spoke gibberish to the baby using the voice tone then lowered the baby down into the crib. Jinks felt confusion hitting him wondering what was going on heard nothing from Lance as Barry walked away out of camera view followed by ringing sounds blaring loudly as medical personal arrived hitting the crib lifting up the baby and yanking her out of view then the scene changed to show the High Council which he stiffened seeing them. 
He again heard the familiar voice speaking “Hello Horus, what you have seen is Barry using the voice on an offspring belonging to him to pass away with our ordering him due to that the offspring was detected dying a slow death of some invalid medical condition. This situation of Barry voice ordering his own offspring to pass away has happened three times already due to offspring detected having some kind of invalid medical condition which passed from him to offspring.”
He felt disgust take hold as the scene changed to show Victoria and a male he figured from memory was Mavis walking together in some forest scenery while acting in love with each other as in kissing each other on the lips and break it off to laugh. 
He continued to watch as the scene changed back to the High Council followed by the voice speaking “We have invented a medical procedure for male Builders to father children through humanoid females that aren’t Builders without use of mating. We will use the procedure if you sign the document agreeing to our request. As for the procedure it keeps male Builders from having to use other males’ donation to their females to produce offspring such as what happened to one Natasha Novgorod which a female offspring dubbed Marina was the result of it.”
Jinks stiffened hearing it as the voice continued speaking “We have managed to keep out of records from male Builders that their non Builder females are getting expectant on other male donations by making them believe that their the ones who fathered the offspring. We will stop the deception by proceeding with the medical procedure we invented once you agree to our request period.” 
He formed a frown on his face as the scene stopped and thrust the laptop at McDuffy who fiddled with it then put in facing him. He saw the familiar document in view took the pen and scrawled another vulgar comment along with his name then pushed the laptop towards the Highlander who again did a double take look. 
He spoke “That’s how I feel towards this joke.”
He heard nothing from McDuffy as he eyed the Highlander fiddling with the laptop which he bellowed loudly “Gustav!”
He got up as Gustav arrived into the room and he spoke “See McDuffy out. He has overstayed his welcome.” 
Jinks walked away out of the dining room and heard from Lance “Hit the library Barry’s in there and wants to talk to you.” 
Jinks obeyed finding who Lance said Barry seated inside that lowered an open book putting it on the table marking his spot. 
He spoke “Spill it Barry what’s up with the High Council wanting Sasha and using me as some breeder?”
He glared at Barry who frowned before speaking “Interesting thought Jinks but you know that the High Council and others are listening via recorders in the room and elsewhere in the apartment.” 
He folded his arms as Barry continued talking “As for wanting Sasha the High Council do have an excuse for he’s partially a mind walker. Highlanders are known to be mind walkers anyway and would know how to teach him to properly use his mind walking abilities if they improve from their status he has now as he grows up.”
Jinks continued his glare as Barry paused to clear his throat then added “The High Council using you as a breeder must be related to you outliving normal Human life spans along with an appearance remaining the same and appearing to not have any medical issues hitting you at the moment besides what happened to your eyes. That’s a reason I suspect that they would want you to be a breeder.”
Jinks gave up an Hmph and spoke “Don’t tell me-“
He was interrupted by Barry speaking his name in a firm tone using the voice. 
He clamped his mouth shut as Barry spoke normal voice tone “I suggest you keep your thoughts of why you think the High Council would use you for breeding to yourself. You don’t want the High Council to do any ideas they overheard people talking about to actually do the idea and cause further trouble for people. Plus their enemies would find out and have an excuse to cause the High Council trouble with their plans so watch what you say Jinks.” 
He bobbed his head in a Human style yes gesture and heard Barry add “I suggest you watch what you say regarding this breeding situation to people regardless their High Council servants or not. You don’t want the wrong people to get ideas to cause trouble causing pain and suffering.” 
He groaned softly and stiffened as the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room along with familiar clawed hands on his arms in ironclad holds. Jinks wisely kept his mouth shut as he noticed Shad and Onya had heads bowed while the High Council seated behind them weren’t gesturing with their hands or waggling their heads. He kept the glare on his face unfolding his arms putting them down on his sides while feeling a headache arrive within him figured that the High Council were busy scanning his mind hence no movements from them. He continued to glare while feeling the headache remained hitting him and mentally thought many vulgar language comments he could think of till the headache stopped. 
He heard Shad speak “Interesting use of language Horus but nice try for we have achieved what we wanted and will put it in action so Ramses knock him out now.” 
Jinks felt another headache and heard from Ramses “Sorry High Council but some restless natives are getting antsy for Horus and want him back. Their not fooled by your trick of him being in the library talking to Barry whom they figured out that he’s in your hands and is in a bad mood from that figuring out.” 
Jinks frowned inwardly as he felt the headache stop followed by Onya speaking “Ramses kindly identify this restless native your talking about that isn’t fooled by our trick.” 
He heard in response from Ramses “The big mouth is a certain furball screaming her head off very loudly somewhere in Horus’s home which his servants from mind scans figured out that Horus isn’t home but elsewhere. They also figured out that Barry reading a book in some room dubbed library indicates that Horus is in your hands at the moment. Oh I should tell you that Horus’s people figured out that you have Barry serving you and isn’t pleased about that at all.”
He heard Onya speak as Ramses became silent “Drat that furball had to ruin everything. Nevertheless, Ramses, knock out Horus now. We’ll handle the restless natives and their demands for Horus as we can so put Horus to sleep now.” 
He felt sleepiness jerked from that feeling shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing a ringing noise blaring loudly jerked open his eyes finding himself still held up by the Falcons in the High Council’s throne room felt confusion hitting him along with his glasses gone from his face as Shad spoke sounding angry “Who do you think you are being prepared for this joke?”
He stiffened hearing Shad’s words eyed the High Council with blurry eyes sight as Shad continued talking “I said who do you think you are being prepared for this joke? Answer us now!”
He looked around the room seeing nothing and sensing nothing out of ordinary as he felt his hair grabbed and head thrust up followed by Anubis speaking “The High Council are talking to you so answer them or else.” 
Jinks spoke with confusion in his voice tone “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I was knocked out and woke up so what are you trying to tell me?”
He heard from Anubis “Liar! You’re lying Horus so speak the truth now!”
He shook his head in a no gesture as Anubis released his hair and slapped him on the face with a clawed hand as he continued shaking his head followed by Onya speaking “That’s enough Anubis.” 
He eyed the High Council as Onya continued talking “Alright we’ll humor you anyway since it’s obvious that you don’t know a thing of what we’re saying.” 
Jinks frowned as Onya continued “We’re not pleased that our attempts to get you to donate surgically and through mating ways while asleep was blocked by Lance Richard repeatedly switching back and forth ruining our efforts. Lance Richard made it impossible for us to do that procedure due to that we already tried it on him when he had the body form and had no results happening. From scans of your mind just prior to Ramses putting you to sleep indicated that we would have no problems doing the procedures which turned out to be for nothing hence our displeasure.” 
He kept his mouth shut mentally spoke “Father what’s going on actually?”
He heard Shad speak in response “We’ll think of a suitable punishment later so Ramses transport Horus back to his home now.” 
He felt the Falcons release their holds on his arms and blinked his eyes finding himself in the library from the things looking like it and figured that it was Barry seated which he folded his arms and heard the Builder speak “Believe me Jinks whenever the High Council give out punishments it turns out to be something pretty bad enough to knock a person down for awhile so be warned that I warned you of it.” 
He frowned to nod his head as Barry became silent which he sensed the Builder was reading a book from the blurriness indicate it. 
He exhaled a breath and left the library and entered the hallway bellowing “Gustav!”  
Jinks waited as Gustav arrived and spoke recalling something “The DVD destruction did you get a replacement for it?”
He stared at Gustav who spoke “Sorry I wasn’t able to get another copy of the DVDs’ contents due to my position doesn’t include that.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes in a glare spoke “Who around here can I demand for another copy of it?”
He got from Gustav “Sorry I’m not at the liberty to say that due to my position doesn’t include it.” 
He gave up an Argh sound and spoke “Fine but I assure you that I had nothing to do with the destruction of those DVDs. I found them like that and is not happy that I wasn’t able to finish viewing them all.” 
He heard nothing from Gustav as he added thinking of needing new glasses “Anyway-“
He cut himself off as he felt himself floating in air looked all around him to see he was heading towards the ocean feet first groaned loudly and shut his mouth quick as he fell into the water with a splash. 
Jinks swam up to the surface breathing air while floating in the water as he thought to himself “Drat the High Council had to play that stunt using the Meritanians.”
He felt a rumbling vibration looked around as he heard from Lance yelling in his mind “Will the Source through now!”
Jinks obeyed thinking to himself “That rumbling is probably an undersea vessel hitting the surface underneath me.” 
He heard from Lance “Guess again, Jinks.”
Jinks frowned as the rumbling continued making the water jerk all over the place as he looked up at the sky and saw it looked stormy along with feeling rain falling hard as the ocean water moved into waves which he struggled to keep himself on the surface breathing air. He jerked as he felt a hand shaking his shoulder as the scene went black followed by feeling himself seated in an armchair leaning back opened his eyes standing up with a jerk as the hand removed itself. He felt the glasses still on his face along with a sore feeling in his sensitive part heard a throat clearing noise looked off his right to see Gustav and discovered himself in his bedroom from the looks of it. 
Jinks frowned as Gustav spoke “Dinner is served sir. You’re required to take in three meals a day as part of your nourishment requirements.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and then inhaled before speaking feeling the soreness in his sensitive part “Sent for the doctor due to that I don’t feel right at the moment.” 
He heard from Gustav “Actually the doctor has already checked you out due to finding you on the floor of the library unresponsive to my attempts to wake you up. There’s nothing wrong with the results except I would recommend that you lay off on mating for awhile due to that your internal tank for that ritual is empty and needs to refuel.” 
He stared at Gustav doing a double take look and looked down at himself before resuming looking at the butler who nodded his head then he spoke “Fine anything else?”
Jinks saw Gustav shook his head in a no gesture added “Well dismissed and let me know what else I missed later when it’s appropriate.” 
He saw Gustav fade from view and sighed hearing a meow sounding happy along with pressure on his leg which he looked down to see Missy rubbing her body on his leg. He sighed and bent down picking her up and felt purring vibrations from her as he carried her out of the bedroom going to the dining room only to feel her squirm along with a soft yowl. He sighed and figured that Barry was in the dining room put Missy down on the floor and rubbed her back that remained crouching with tail twitching. He straightened up his form and went to the dining room to find Barry there eating from dishware on a tray and saw in his familiar spot was a cup full of pink liquid. He went to sit and grabbed the cup gulping down the contents feeling himself needing to take it then once done stood up. 
Jinks heard from Barry speaking “Jinks stay I want to talk to you.” 
He groaned a soft sound and obeyed sitting down staring at Barry who ignored him eating and drinking then once done the Builder spoke “There’s one little detail that document you signed agreeing to be a breeder that the High Council omitted is them deciding on who you should mate with period with their approval.” 
He frowned hearing Barry’s words as Barry kept talking “Check the form in paper version you’ll find that clause included along with several other clauses that the High Council omitted mentioning to you on the document.”
He spoke “Whatever.” 
Barry spoke “Jinks I’m not kidding on what I said. Ask the butler to get you a paper version and you’ll find what was omitted by the High Council included in the document and that your signature gives them authorization to do what they have issued on the form.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust spoke “Fine I’ll get the paper version anything else?”
He stared at Barry who shook his head in a no gesture before the Builder spoke “I’ll be in the library reading. There’s a really good book there I like to finish excuse me.” 
He watched Barry leave the room got up and spoke loudly “Gustav!”
He didn’t have long to wait as Gustav arrived and he spoke “The documents that this lawyer Highlander named McDuffy had me sign, get me the paper versions so I can read them fully.” 
Jinks saw a confused look appear on Gustav’s face before the butler spoke “Sorry confused as to who’s McDuffy and what Highlander named that?”
He spoke “McDuffy is some Highlander lawyer that visited me earlier had me sign some forms. You told me that he was here in the dining room which I found him there and he had me sign some forms.” 
He saw a big frown appear on Gustav’s face followed by the butler speaking “I’m sorry Master Jinks I do not know who you are talking about or recall such a person you’re referring to.” 
He stiffened as he heard the butler’s words figured that Barry must have used the voice on him to make him forget McDuffy’s visit as he spoke “Fine must be a dream then. I was dreaming of something realistic before you woke me up in my bedroom. Anyway have you gotten a replacement to the DVDs that were destroyed?”
He stared at Gustav who continued to frown followed by the butler speaking “Sorry but that’s not part of my duties and I’m unable to do that order.” 
He spoke “Fine I’ll be in the library excuse me.” 
He walked away sensing the butler following him silently which he went to the library swinging open the doors and went inside hearing the doors slam shut behind him. He looked to find Barry wasn’t in the room and the book the Builder appeared to be reading gone from the table which he sighed and went to sit down in a chair staring at the doors. 
Jinks frowned thinking to himself “Drat that Barry for pulling that stunt onto me to make my butler think I’m crazy.” 
He heard in response from Lance “Actually, Jinks, the High Council is up to something from the Meritanians’ talk to them that involved something called blackmail whatever it is working perfectly.”
He stiffened hearing that as Lance continued talking “From the sound of things it seems that the High Council have something in mind for you as some kind of stunt to get you in their hands, long term than short visits. Hmph I suspect that this blackmail whatever it is, is some kind of force to make people do things against their own will hence your butler making you think you’re out of your mind.” 
Jinks continued to further stiffen as Lance added sounded angry “Blast Ajax for interfering excuse me.”
He heard nothing more from Lance sighed and got up thinking that he’ll hit the gym room reached a hand towards the doorknob only to have it jerk back on its own violation. He stared at the doorknob leaning forwards eyeing it to sense nothing seriously wrong with it straightened up his form as it turned with doors opening showing two Highlanders pointing guns aimed at him and firing them. Jinks saw darts come out of the guns aimed at his chest felt himself compelled to stand rooted in the spot obeyed as the syringes hit home and he felt sleepiness hitting him fell towards the floor and found himself going unconscious to dream of standing next to Lance glaring at Ajax which both noticed him there. 
He frowned as Lance spoke sounding annoyed “Knock off the jokes done on my son and your father now. This joke ends period.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips wondering what Lance was talking about as Ajax spoke “Sorry Predecessor what the High Council orders I obey period.”
He shifted to stare at Ajax as he heard Lance speak “Well at least you should have told him what was going on such as him thrown in a tube asleep after the High Council got a hold of him due to him proving to be a good breeder for their army.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Lance’s words as his father added “The High Council scanned my son’s mind and should know that he had realistic dreams while contained in some tube and that they should have told him what they planned to do to him so he wouldn’t be confused with what happened to him.” 
Jinks frowned staring at Ajax who spoke “Sorry Predecessor but that’s not the High Council way. They prefer to doing things than explaining it to people due to that they did that explanation before and too many people interfered with their plans too much hence they just doing what they wanted instead of talking about it.” 
He continued to frown as he heard from Lance “Well get him out of that stinking tube now-“
He interrupted “Excuse me what’s going on?”
Jinks frowned as he was ignored by Lance and Ajax who looked at him with glares before resuming glaring at each other followed by his father speaking “Just get him out of that thing now. This joke ends period.”
He stared at Ajax who spoke “Predecessor you’ll have to talk to the High Council about that. I’m just a servant doing their orders anyway.” 
He heard from Lance sounding of sarcasm “Some servant you are not doing anything caring towards your poor father whose suffering so get off your seat and do something.” 
Jinks frowned as Ramses spoke his familiar question and saw Lance look at him forcing his eyes shut which he came to finding himself lying in a bed chain manacles on his wrists and ankles along with nothing on his form and looked around the room with clear eyes sight figuring that the glasses were on his face from sensing them there. He saw that he was in some room that resembled a hospital room and seemed familiar to him who he frowned sensing himself filmed eyed a wall as if drawn to see a window completely black with a red dot peeking from it. 
He figured to himself that it was a camera as he heard from Ramses abruptly speaking “No I will not do what you ordered me so suggest something else instead for I’m not doing it period no way no how.”
He frown thinking to himself as Ramses became silent “What the depths happened to me anyway?”
He heard from Lance “Glad to hear that Ajax followed through with what I yelled at him to do which was getting you out of a sleeper tube that the High Council had you put in. I confess I could see every single thing going through your mind but wasn’t able to reach you which you seemed to ignore me.” 
He mentally spoke “Then what’s with your purpose of having me out of the tube anyway? The High Council will just throw me back in once they find out about this.” 
He heard “Don’t worry about that, Jinks. Just worry about keeping yourself fit to handle whatever challenge thrown at you. Plus shouldn’t you be getting up and shutting down the recorder device? I sense somebody wants to talk to you but can’t due to that thing on.” 
He sighed and willed the Master through and examined the manacles on one wrist to see that they had wires attached which he mentally willed his body to charge of electricity and saw the manacles break apart. He sat up willing the charging away and waved a hand towards the window to see the red light turn off followed by filming sensation stopping. 
Jinks frowned as he saw a flash of light off his left and looked to see Barry looking annoyed standing there that spoke “About time you did that. I’ve been waiting for you to wake up and do something about the recorder filming you. I managed to shut off the sound recorders but that’s only temporary due to that they’ll figure it out and will turn them back on. The camera they’ll have to do it manually anyway.” 
He frowned folding his arms ignoring his naked status and stared at Barry who continued talking “Alright Ajax managed to get through the High Council that his offsprings’ power abilities were weak with some easily defeated in physical battles with others not having power abilities. The High Council got it in their heads that you would provide the army that they need by having you donate your services which the services would be in numerous Highlander females approved for this. They put you in some sleeper tube just to keep you in their hands due to that they figured that the Meritanians wouldn’t be able to transport you elsewhere while asleep. The plants admitted not having an ability to transport people while asleep hence they containing you in a tube.”
Jinks frowned as Barry paused to clear his throat then added “Actually you out of the tube is due to that their having you donate your services and not by Ajax helping you.” 
He formed a frown on his lips as Barry continued talking “As for services they’ve used both ways for getting you to donate which is both implantation and mating but they’ve been doing mostly implantation. I heard the reason for that is your mind is easily read by skin touch and that Lance Richard has been screaming insults and threats through you whenever they scan you. He’s been distracting the females from mating with you hence they doing implantation just to avoid him.”
He frowned as Barry disappeared in a flash of light as he heard multiple clicking sounds and eyed the window wall forming a glare on his face with arms still folded. He glared at the window sensing himself watched by someone behind it along with the filming sensation resuming seeing the familiar red dot appear on it. He continued to sit with arms folded sensing himself still watched and filmed as there was a bang sound followed by smoke filling into the room making him cough violently along with feeling sleepiness which he laid his form down and stared at the ceiling as the smoke blocked it. He felt the sleepiness persisted overtaking the coughing sensation and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance appearing to be glaring at the Meritanians who he noticed had heads bowed. 
Jinks eyed the Meritanians as Ramses spoke sounding sarcastic “No I’m not doing that, suggested something else instead.” 
He spoke as Ramses paused “What’s going on?”
He heard an Hmph from Lance followed by his father speaking “Your minions are apparently in contact with the Meritanians demanding you back in their hands which the plants are balking on doing repeatedly despite asked in various ways and giving various threats to get the plants to obey them.” 
He frowned hearing that as Ramses spoke “No uh think of something else smarty. I’m not doing it period.”
He spoke “Don’t tell me that the Meritanians’ contact with my minions is amusing them hence they balking on doing what’s ordered due to that their amused by what’s said to them.” 
He heard a roaring sound from Lance very loudly grimaced from the noises to continue eyeing the Meritanians that raised their heads with annoyed expressions on their faces in a glare aimed at his father who halted his noise. 
He heard from Lance “Find now that I got your attention, spill it, Meritanians your amused by the begging my son’s people are saying to you hence you balking on doing their orders over and over.”
He folded his arms and frowned forming it on his lips as Ramses spoke “Argh you ruin our fun, what a party pooper your being.” 
Jinks heard in response from Lance “Party pooper? What the depths is that supposed to be? Anyway I’m surprised that the High Council hasn’t taken your comments of balking orders literally yet.”
He heard gasps from the Meritanians saw them all bow their heads followed by giving off groaning noises sounding of pain to him. 
Jinks eyed the Meritanians to hear them give off yeow sounds all together very loudly sounding like they were in pain followed by Ramses speaking “Quit the torture now! I wasn’t talking to you when I said my balking on doing orders thing! I was talking to Horus’s minions who were begging repeatedly for Horus back to them!” 
Jinks heard Lance given off snickering sounds looked at his father to see he looked like he was laughing before resuming looking at the Meritanians. 
He heard Ramses continue talking “Lying? What are you talking about? What do you mean I’m a liar? I’m telling the truth Argh!”
Jinks heard yeows from the Meritanians followed by the plants raising their heads forming glares on their faces as Erra and Terra he saw folded their arms and Ramses pointing a finger in his direction and speaking “I ought to dump you in the ocean for that stunt.” 
He heard from Lance in response “Ugh Ramses guess who overheard you saying that and is taking you literally?”
Jinks saw Ramses fold his arms followed by all three Meritanians giving off yeows repeatedly then they bowed their heads followed by the male plant speaking “I was talking to Lance Richard about that ocean dumping thing. He pulled a joke on us making us think we were talking to Horus’s minions to get us to speak our order balking words and for us to suffer pain from you in response.”
He eyed Ramses who paused followed by shouting “What?! Anything but that! Don’t you dare or I’ll dump you in the ocean! I meant it! Don’t you dare do it Argh!”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Ramses and his sisters gave up yeows sounding in pain followed by groaning loudly before raising their heads with glares still on their faces.
He eyed Ramses who spoke “Damn Highlanders hearing every single word we’re saying and torturing us if we say something they don’t want or like to hear.” 
Jinks frowned as he felt Lance twist his form to face his father by hand manipulation. 
He eyed Lance who spoke “Alright Jinks the High Council figured out how to torture the Meritanians as in giving them pain by having something called electricity hit the water where the plants are and they’ve been pulling this torture for awhile without those three stopping them from doing it.” 
He nodded his head in a short bob as Lance continued talking “I should confess that the reason why the High Council allowed Ajax to talk to me is the group thinks I’m useful in getting information along with getting the Meritanians punished by using my earthquake power on them.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Lance kept talking “Anyway-“
He was interrupted by Ramses speaking his familiar question heard a growling sound from Lance as his eyes were forced shut making him pass out unconscious. 
Jinks came to feeling himself floating in something that suspiciously felt like water along with water lapping on his face jerked open his eyes looking around with blurriness along with discovering his form clad in only some kind of underwear shorts as he treaded in the water. He squinted seeing he was outside from the looks of it floating in the water that suspiciously looked like the ocean to him. 
He mentally spoke “Father I’m in the ocean from the looks of it.”
He heard in response from Lance “Drat your bad eyesight. You could have swum to shore with the help of friendly gonoids depending on where you are lake or ocean I’m even not sure.” 
He mentally spoke while staring at the horizon with blurriness “How did I get here anyway?”
He heard from Lance “The stinking Meritanians lied about transporting people asleep. They managed to transport you to here just to retaliate against me for the joke I played on them Hmph.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s admission looked around eyeing the horizon struggling to see land despite his bad eyesight as Lance continued talking “Just follow the sun’s sunset position and see where that’ll take you. I figured from the Meritanians’ talk that you should reach land.”
He eyed the sun squint his eyes at it seeing its position and figured where it was which he began swimming towards the horizon. Jinks frowned as he felt water stopped being all around him and felt metal on his body which he got up and felt his arms grabbed by familiar clawed hands he sensed belonged to the Falcons. 
Jinks heard a familiar voice speaking “So you can transport people asleep. Nameless said that you lied when you mentioned that.” 
He stiffened recognizing the voice as Shad figured that he was in the throne room heard Ramses’ voice speaking “Spoilsport ruining our fun with that Builder of yours. Growl I ought to dump him in the ocean for using his voice talent on us.”
Jinks heard in response was yeows from the Meritanians followed by Ramses speaking again “Argh must you torture us with that?! So quit it now! I get it your talk High Council!”
He formed a thin line with his mouth as Ramses became silent and squint eyeing where the High Council was seated in their chairs as he heard Shad speaking “We don’t want to catch you playing jokes on the breeder again so don’t bother doing anything like that or else.” 
Jinks jerked his feet feeling rumbling vibrations of an earthquake heard Ramses yell “Damn the planet for causing that mountain to burst exploding into a volcano eruption! The earth shaking stinks!”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Ramses stopped talking while feeling the earthquake continue before it halted abruptly followed by the Meritanian speaking “I’m not kidding on what I’m saying High Council. Check your island dubbed Helen its mountain erupted into a volcano causing that earth shaking thing.” 
He felt himself confused on the Human first name for an island mentally thought that and got from Lance “The High Council kept the First One dubbed name of their home including whatever names for their islands as dubbed by the First Ones.” 
He frowned as Shad spoke “Fine Ramses, we’ll check it out and if there’s anyone on the island transport them off while you’re at it.” 
He heard the sarcasm in Shad’s voice tone heard from Ramses in response “I got a better idea excuse me. Why don’t you have Horus transported to the island and have him use his powers to stop the volcano eruption instead?”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as he heard in response “Ramses don’t ever suggest that again period and drop that idea now!”
He frowned hearing both speakers speak that in angry voice tones in unison heard Ramses speaking “Never mind having Horus do that. Its just a suggestion due to that Lance Richard can manipulate the earth to shake which I think Horus should have some kind of earth related power to do some manipulating.” 
He frowned as he heard from both speakers in unison “Ramses drop that talk now!”
Jinks heard nothing from Ramses in response heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Actually, Jinks your capable of manipulating earth related natural situations. The High Council is too afraid of you causing terrible irreplaceable destructive damage if you were to unleash your powers onto them.” 
He kept his mouth shut into a thin line as Shad’s voice was heard speaking “Ramses put Horus to sleep now.” 
He heard awks from the Falcons and felt their hands off of him as the scene changed to show some outside view which he frowned with his bad eyesight squinting trying to see where he was while feeling extreme heat hitting him. 
Jinks heard from Lance “Ramses transported you to isle Helen from the looks of things. I doubt that you’ll be able to stop that volcano due to needing to see it visually which your bad eyesight prevents that.” 
He frowned as the scene changed to find himself facing a figure in white who spoke sounding like Ajax “Here put these on.” 
Jinks felt Ajax put glasses with a chain attached in his hand which he put them on and groaned finding himself back on the island standing on a giant boulder towering over lava running around it. He looked around and found the volcano and folded his arms staring at it. 
Jinks heard from Lance “Aw shut that thing off will you? The servants all agreed with Ramses and his idea despite the High Council saying it’s bad.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth raised a hand in the volcano’s direction and shut his eyes mentally ordering it to cease eruption and found his order obeyed. Jinks opened his eyes feeling himself weak in the knees groaned as the scene change to a bedroom while sensing himself spied on by people and recorders stumbled towards the bed and collapsed his form onto it on his side and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to facing Lance who held up a hand in a gesture and jerked his head towards it. He groaned and made an identical gesture with his right hand towards Lance who folded his arms as he did the same. 
He spoke “Spill it what happened to me anyway after collapsing on a bed?”
He stared at Lance who spoke “Let’s just say that the High Council won’t be putting you in a tube for awhile due to how wrecked up you are from doing that volcano cease eruption stunt. I warn you that it takes a lot out of you ceasing volcano eruptions but not much when it comes to starting a volcano eruption.” 
He formed a frown on his face as Lance continued talking “Just don’t worry about passing out after stopping a volcano eruption. The Meritanians will transport you to safety anyway. Their ordered to do it by the High Council after it was apparent you stopped that volcano eruption which the plants obeyed and got you to where you could be monitored for medical help means.” 
Jinks nodded his head and stared at Lance who added “By the way while you were out asleep for three days straight Ramses blabbed that the planet Shadan didn’t have any built in defense from a Rakcaran Planet Killer warship weapon and said that you could stop the weapon from causing destruction once its inside the planet’s boundary as in getting it to shatter into pieces. Ramses kept babbling to the High Council that you were the only thing capable of destroying the Rakcar’s weapon from causing destruction to the planet.”
He frown hearing that as Lance continued talking “Actually according to Ajax when questioned says that Shadan does have defenses against the Rakcar and their weapon and their warships put in place with an agreement with the First Ones to allow that. Ajax told me that Anubis traveled to the Rakcar’s home world through some travel gate and spied on the Rakcar finding out what he could about their warships’ strengths and weaknesses and then once arriving back on Shadan shared everything and the defenses were built and put in place.” 
Jinks recalled as Lance paused a dream sleep flashing in his mind of the Rakcar visiting Shadan and threatening planetary harm which he saved the planet from suffering destruction from their weapons. 
He spoke with the dream in his mind “You sure that the defenses are capable of stopping the Rakcar? Have they’ve been used to stop the Rakcar before or they haven’t been tried or what?”
He heard Ramses cut in “Actually the planet’s defenses haven’t been tried against the Rakcar before, in answer to your question Horus. I suspect from mind scanning the Rakcar living among the Shadonia that their cunning enough to keep people from finding out their ships’ weaknesses and strengths. I also figured out from mind scans that the Rakcar are cunning enough to override planets’ planetary defenses regardless of how powerful they are put in place.”
He looked at Ramses who bowed his head while adding “I’m not kidding on what I said High Council. This is from snippets of mind scanning the Rakcar repeatedly before they yell at us to get out of their minds which we have to do it due to that one of them passed away from such a resistance. Oh the Rakcar blabbed about us scanning people’s minds and how they detect us doing it to the Shadonia and whatever races living among them. Now we’re having trouble getting into species’ minds regardless of the race due to that they resist having us scanning them and we had similar passing away results so we can only scan for a bit before they yell at us to stay out. Only First Ones have given us no resistance due to that they don’t normally have the mind detecting scanned ability anyway.”
Jinks frowned as Ramses raised his head up making a choking gesture with a hand on his neck which he felt his face forced to look away towards Lance by his father having a hand on his chin. 
Lance he stared at spoke “I figured that Ramses isn’t kidding about what he saying about you due to recalling Rakcaran related planetary attacks in your mind with you saving Shadan from destruction repeatedly.”
He nodded his head in a short bob while staring at Lance who he heard Ramses’ familiar question groaned as his eyes were forced shut passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing the familiar sound of an alarm blaring along with a rumbling vibration on his front jerked open his eyes discovering himself lying in bed in the Penthouse with Missy sitting on him. He checked himself finding the glasses still on his face and that he was wearing familiar clothing that felt like they belonged to the High Council along with shoes on his feet. Jinks eyed Missy who got up arching her back and walked off of him to sit at the corner of the bed in a tummy sitting position. He rubbed his forehead and shifted his form to stare at the clock and eyed the date calculating how long it was since he last woke up in the bed by the alarm clock. He sat up and swung his legs off the floor feeling a weakness hitting him and mentally thought to himself that it was from the volcano eruption. 
Jinks heard from Lance abruptly “Actually, Jinks that was from stopping what the First Ones refer as an asteroid aka Rakcaran planet killer weapon from causing destruction the moment it entered Shadan slipping through planet defenses and weapons fired had no affect on it.” 
He stiffened hearing Lance’s words as his father continued talking “Ramses is correct on assuming that the Rakcar were cunning about tricking people trying to find out about their ships’ weaknesses and strengths including weapons fired as well. That asteroid detected traveling in what’s called space was on target to hit Shadan and cause destruction as detected by the First Ones who fired weapons at it for awhile with no affect in destroying that thing. Shadan is lucky that they had you due to that you were detected destroying that asteroid the moment it went past the planet’s defense shield entering the planet.”
Jinks sighed as his father kept talking “The High Council detected you doing that asteroid destroying by Ramses yelling at them to scan your mind when they tried to wake you up in their presence. I overheard from the Meritanians that it was clearly seen in your mind why you were out unconscious resisting to being waken up due to that you were busy destroying the asteroid after it slipped passed the planetary shields.”
He frowned and forced himself to get up as Lanced added “Jinks, limit your physical activity for awhile and take in lots of nourishment along with getting lots of rest while you’re at it. I overheard the Meritanians tell the High Council that the First Ones have detected another asteroid within vicinity of the planet’s orbit. They have yet to say if it’ll collide with Shadan or not due to its path is too erratic for tracking at the moment.” 
He groaned as Lance became silent which he walked into the bathroom thinking that he’ll use the facilities before another case of getting knocked down again hits.
Jinks walked out of the bathroom dressed in sweats with sneakers on his feet all in the color black. He sighed and eyed Missy on the bed that was curled in a ball appearing to be asleep. He went to the bedroom doors swinging them open to find Gustav there that didn’t look surprised to see him but noticed that the butler was giving him a scrutiny look. 
He spoke “Out with it Gustav. What did I miss while I was out asleep?”
He stared at Gustav who cleared his throat before speaking “I’m instructed not to tell you but instructed to escort you to the dining room and assist on getting you there. That’s about it.” 
Jinks sighed and walked forwards passed the butler sensing him following while clearing his throat. He stopped and stared at the butler who pointed a finger at his eyes and then jabbed it at him. 
Jinks sighed recalling the Master in control willed it away and continued walking followed by the butler whom he discovered himself compelled to walk a slow pace and found himself obeying reaching the dining room to find Barry inside seated who spoke “Thank you Gustav, dismissed. I’ll handle it from here.” 
He sensed the butler gone went to the dining table and sat as his nose smelled food making his stomach rumble in hunger eyed the dishware holding nourishment frowned finding his usual required healing from sicknesses meal of cooked cheese sandwiches and fries not in place but something else. Jinks sighed and proceeded to eat his food finding himself gobbling it all up and gulping the cups’ contents finding them not his usual strawberry milkshake drink instead were something else that like the food tasted good. 
He once done pushed aside the tray and stared at Barry who spoke “Alright the High Council was forced to tell higher ups in the mainland’s government including the King that they think a person was responsible for destroying the asteroid. Their hand was forced by observing that the planet’s defensive weapons weren’t doing their job and that they had to tell the King and others about their thoughts of a person due to trying to keep others from thinking that the weapons worked when they didn’t.”
He gave a short head bob as Barry kept talking figuring out that the Builder was refraining from pointing him as responsible due to recorders in the room “The High Council and the King through broadcasts emphasized that the weapons weren’t responsible for the asteroid’s destruction instead hinted to the public that it was by mind of a person having a powerful connection to the planet. Both the High Council and the King have appeared from the looks of things agreed to keep a lid on this fact due to emphasizing on to keeping Shadan safe from harm. Reason is some of the First Ones have broadcasted some messages embracing the asteroid’s arrival and saying that the planet deserved destruction which turns out that those people according to the Meritanians were forced to do the broadcast by threats. The Meritanians are still trying to find out whose responsible which they have managed to pinpoint that its not a First One behind that stunt but some other species but are having trouble figuring out who originated it. Their not kidding on species having some kind of resistance to having their minds’ scanned by the High Council doing it to one of the races who resisted their scans and passed away in front of them.”
He formed a frown with his lips as Barry paused to clear his throat then the Builder pointed to his ear and waved the pointer finger around in a circle gesture as he paused from talking. 
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Actually the High Council suspect that the Rakcar living on Shadan are responsible for threatening First Ones to broadcast their messages. As for Barry’s hand gesture it’s because the High Council have reasons to believe that the Rakcar have hacked into computer records regardless of where they are and are keeping an eye on things listening for certain words before doing anything threatening.”
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words as his father became silent which he eyed Barry who spoke “Jinks, don’t pressure the High Council on how the asteroid was destroyed whenever your in their presence alright?”
He nodded his head in a Human style yes gesture as Barry paused then the Builder added “Don’t bother people asking about how the asteroid was destroyed. You’ll find that they like you don’t know at all. 
He again nodded his head as Barry continued speaking “If you think you know how the asteroid was destroyed please keep the theory to yourself. The King and High Council have been reportedly hit with various people regardless of the species telling them too many theories of how the asteroid was destroyed along with demands on speaking what they think on the situation which they have balked doing it.” 
Jinks again bobbed his head as Barry formed a grimace on his face before getting up speaking “I’m wanted elsewhere as ordered by the High Council so see you around and keep your mouth shut about what you think destroyed the asteroid period.” 
He sighed as Barry disappeared in a flash of light and figured that he’ll hit the TV room to sit and watch DVDs. 
Jinks heard from Lance as he got up “Jinks go to the library and read a book. You’ll be more amused from doing that and much better rested anyway. Plus the book will give you something to do for hours.” 
He groaned softly walked to the library walking slowly as if compelled and once inside found a book sitting on the table with a bookmark next to it. He went to sit down in the wingback chair and picked up the book reading the cover and back parts of it and figured from memory that he hadn’t read it sighed and opened it and began to read it. 
Jinks came to a new chapter heard from Ramses abruptly “Hello? You’re kidding on what you’re saying about this Horus being responsible for destroying the asteroid. Believe me the High Council thinks the person is elemental but they haven’t said if that person has a solid body form smarty.” 
Jinks lowered the book and stared at the library’s closed doors as Ramses continued talking “Well excuse me for insulting you but I don’t know your name anyway due to that I’m talking through a Highlander communicating this conversation so put up with the insults you furball.”
Jinks sighed and frowned as Ramses kept talking “Growl don’t you dare use that tone on me you stinker!”
He placed the book onto the table marking where he was and leaned back folding his arms still hearing Ramses speaking “Yeah right how you expect me to transport Horus to you when I’m ordered by the High Council not to do any transporting on him unless they order it? Don’t blame me I’m not breaking my order to the High Council period smarty.”
Jinks groaned and continued to hear Ramses’ chatter “Don’t use that tone on me or I’ll be tempted to dump you in the ocean. Believe me there’s nothing can stop me from doing that once my mind is made up period to go through with it.”
He felt annoyance hitting him as Ramses pause headache still felt followed by the Meritanian continuing “High Council, the Highlander communicator is reporting that the people he’s talking for are using some kind of computer voice to him despite the blindfold covering his eyes. “
Jinks frowned hearing that as he fell backwards abruptly landing on dirt ground which he swung himself up with a karate move and found himself in a large cage room underneath a spotlight and frowned feeling the headache of his mind still felt hitting him. He felt compelled to yank off his glasses and toss them away which he obeyed feeling disgust hitting him to sense the glasses hit the cage wall and hung on there on some kind of hook by the chains dangling from it. Jinks looked around with blurry eyesight while squinting till he saw a figure come into view that opened the cage like a door and swung it shut behind. He eyed the figure to figure out that it was a male judging by the body shape wearing orange clothing and frowned seeing something shiny in the male’s right hand that reminded him of a sword but couldn’t tell what it was. Jinks eyed the male who darted up to him and swung the sword at him which his senses blared warning telling him not to let the sword touch him or touch it period which he proceeded to use karate onto the male finding that the man was easily avoiding his attempts to knock him down off his feet as if anticipating the moves. Jinks felt annoyance take hold recalled that his mind was still being scanned during the fight and figured that the Meritanians were blabbing to his opponent’s people what he was thinking of when fighting the male due to that Highlanders’ can’t scan his mind very well. He continued to fight the male finding that the man was easily avoiding his attempts to knock him down off his feet which further annoyed him along with easily swinging the sword towards his legs when he attempts to kick him in the head which he would have to withdraw his leg quick before the sword hit them. Jinks mentally willed the Master through and found his attempts to get the male to feel paralysis not happening by the man moving too much due to needing people to stay still for it to work and got not reaction from the man when he attempted to use his choking power onto the male. He heard nothing to indicate choking whenever he used that ability onto the male figured that the male had some similar power abilities due to noticing that the man had a hand up in front of him and kept it up whenever he swung the sword aimed at him. 
Jinks felt annoyance take hold mentally spoke “I don’t find this amusing having this fight support my opponent instead of a fair fight which is annoying so stop it now.” 
He heard nothing in response felt sleepiness shook his head and paused from the fighting to feel the sword connect with the side of his head to feel it wasn’t a sword but some kind of bar that gave him a jolt of electricity and he felt himself passing out unconscious to come to feeling himself floating in the air while outside a house on the porch during a thunder and rainstorm. He eyed the door to see a figure appear in a flash of light dressed in black clothing complete with a hat covering the head that rain the doorbell. He frowned watching as the door opened showing Victoria to his shock who had suspiciousness in her face. 
He heard the figure speak sounding familiar “Is Robert in? I have news regarding your father and the High Council which both of you must hear in private and not out here.” 
Jinks stiffened recognizing the voice as Ajax as Victoria led him inside the house slamming the door behind him. He felt himself floating through the door to follow the two into a sitting room where Robert was reading a book that looked up at Victoria speaking his name. 
Jinks continued to watch as Ajax removed the hat from his head which he heard Robert speak “Ah brother Ajax. So we finally meet. I’ve heard interesting things regarding you from our father so what brings you here?”
He heard from Ajax “Can you make this room more private for what I have to say is between the three of us and no one else can hear of it?”
He eyed Robert who spoke “Victoria, close the doors to this room now.” 
He heard door slamming sounds sounding twice along with lock clicking noises frowned to eye Ajax who cleared his throat then spoke “News is that the High Council have ordered our father to be in their possession once they determine that our sister has grown enough and doesn’t need any more parenting.” 
He eyed Robert to see his son’s eyes flare all black and quickly looked at Ajax who’s eyes flared all black in response followed by Ajax speaking in some cruel voice tone “I see you inherited the ability from our father. The High Council weren’t kidding about it when they said you and our sister had it as well.” 
He shifted to look at Robert who spoke in an identical voice tone “Tell me Ajax how they plan to achieve acquiring our father into their hands without disrupting his life among the Humans or should you say First Ones?”
He looked at Ajax who spoke “The High Council will see that our father is dead to the First Ones and make sure that fact is put in place while doing what it takes to make people believe it as the truth as well.” 
He heard a harrumph from Victoria sounding like she had the Master in control which he looked at her seeing her eyes all black who spoke in a similar voice tone “Then why are you telling us both this instead of keeping it to yourself?”
He stared at Ajax in response who spoke “I got orders from the High Council which I’m in process of doing. They insisted that you know of this. Oh don’t expect an explanation from the High Council on why they do things or their orders they say. They used to do explanations till too many people interfered with their plans and now prefer to do things without giving any reasons for their orders. I warn you that the High Council has their minds made up on this and have issued orders which are put in motion already and that they’ll do what it takes to see their objectives achieved including taking other people’s lives as well in the process.”
He heard from Robert as Ajax paused “Anything else from the High Council, Ajax and if not then get out of my house.” 
He saw Robert stand up eyes showing the Master willed away from him which he looked at Ajax whose eyes showed the Master gone from him who spoke “Nothing else to be said for now. I’m told that there’s a possibly of there being more further visits by me to you as said by the High Council who has indicated this. Excuse me while I leave.” 
He watched as Ajax turned and went to the door expertly unlocking it and opening it to find Robert following him out to the front door and grimace hearing Robert slam the door behind Ajax hard and locked it. 
He watched Robert bang a fist onto the door and heard Samira’s voice speaking loudly “Who was that at the door? I just want to let you know that dinner is ready.” 
Jinks saw Robert look off his right which he looked to see Samira standing in the doorway and heard his son spoke “Just some annoying peddler selling worthless junk. I’ll meet you in the kitchen once I’m calmer enough. Just a little put out by this idiot’s begging for money for his junk.”
Jinks watched as suspiciousness form on Samira’s face who spoke “Fine I’ll inform Victoria once I find her around here excuse me.” 
He watched Samira leave entering the room beyond the doorway walking out of sight. 
Jinks heard from Robert who he saw was staring at the door “Father just hope that something can be done to prevent this situation. The High Council must be stopped from their shenanigans and manipulations of people’s lives. They manipulated Mother to die and they still haven’t paid for that death despite I keep hoping that they would pay. Something must be done to teach the High Council that their evil actions have consequences that require payment in response.” 
Jinks heard nothing more from Robert followed by his son looking off his left where he was floating appearing to meet his eyes by staring at him directly that made him stiffen seeing that followed by the scene going black as if going unconscious.
Jinks heard a familiar sound jerked open his eyes finding himself seated on a bench with glasses firmly on his face and looked around seeing that he was in his home city in front of his home building and saw a Highlander guard standing next to the bench with a glare on the male’s face aimed at people he noticed walking by the both of them. Jinks again heard the noise sighed recognizing it as a car alarm sounding loudly repeating grimaced from the loudness got up from the bench as a hand grabbed his arm which he jerked out of the grip as the car noises stopped. He looked to see a Highlander wearing a suit with a tie staring at him with some scrutiny look and noticed that his guard didn’t seem too concerned about that. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke sounding annoyed “Why are you spending your time sleeping on benches like some lazy lout when you should be doing something physical such as acrobats?”
Jinks refrained from talking only stared at the Highlander who spoke with a firm tone “I insist that you learn how to do acrobats that the Humans refer as Gymnastics. It should give you some exercise and something to do while quitting that lazy behavior of sleeping on benches. It’s disgusting. Not a good example for people to follow.” 
He spoke as the Highlander paused “I already have some exercise program in place called karate which I heard your species refer it as combative art. I practice that sport religiously everyday and I’m fit and fine so don’t need more exercise than that.” 
He got from the Highlander “Karate or combative art who cares for it doesn’t matter. You should include acrobats in your exercise program for it’ll work you out more besides doing some simple leg kicking and fist punching over and over, boring.” 
Jinks felt himself getting annoyed spoke “Karate isn’t boring but vital to helping people defend themselves from being physically attacked along with-“
He was interrupted “How do you expect to fight off an attacker who’s aware of your karate, as you call it, moves to easily defeat you due to having experience in that area from fighting religiously with people for awhile?”
He frowned forming it on his face feeling himself further annoyed as the Highlander continued “Just take up acrobats anyway and do it period.”
He heard an Hmph from his guard saw the Highlander walk away and watched his retreating back heard from his guard “Master, you need to go inside now the sky from the looks of it doesn’t look right.” 
He looked up and noticed that the sun was disappearing behind clouds that looked dark grey coming into sight and figured that a rainstorm was going to hit. He sighed and walked inside the building followed by his guard he sensed. He halted near the elevators to see one guard point a finger at an elevator with a glare on his face which he went inside and saw a guard in it that pressed a numbered button seeing the worded labels were gone from the elevator’s console. He sighed thinking to himself that his father must have something to do with it due to seeing it happen in his mind having dreams while mind scanned. 
He heard nothing from Lance in response to his thoughts felt the elevator halt its movements to walk out finding a hallway and his butler Gustav standing that spoke “I’m ordered to take you to some meeting room for a meeting with a visitor who’s identity wasn’t made known to me.” 
He groaned softly and wordlessly followed the butler down the hallway passed double doors till they reached a set where two Human males were standing in front of. He watched as one of the guards knocked on the door a series of three knocks followed by opening it and gestured for him to go inside which he obeyed hearing the door slam shut behind him. Jinks frowned feeling himself filmed eyed the room seeing it was a familiar Table member room and saw a Highlander wearing a suit standing with a keyboard console on the table next to him. 
He frowned as the Highlander spoke “Good that you’re here just something to show you on the screen something we hacked from the High Council that you should know of it.” 
Jinks frowned further as the Highlander bent down fiddling with the laptop typing on it followed by some airless force field box projection appeared from the middle of the table with writings seen on it which he found himself understanding the writings fluently to his shock. He read the writings talking about some legendary First One male living in Shadan’s Great Britain known to having some ability to throw his body in not easily done moves when fighting in battles along with moves identified by the First Ones after their transfer that the moves were called acrobats referred as gymnastics.
Jinks spoke “What’s the importance of showing me this document?”
He heard from the Highlander “Just a minute while I pull up another file to show you why you’re seeing this.” 
He stiffened as a pictorial drawing of Lance Richard flashed on the screen followed by the Highlander speaking “This is the one that the document is referring to due to that both files were found attached together indicating that the High Council have identified this person their implying in their record.” 
Jinks mentally spoke while staring at the picture “What do you have to say about this father?”
He heard in response from Lance “Just order to take acrobatic training and want it done as soon as possible. I’ll let you know later why I insisted on this.” 
He frowned hearing that spoke out loud “I want to take acrobatic training and I want this to be done as soon as possible. I need to see with proof of what the High Council is implying referring to me as the one they identified in their record.” 
He glared at the Highlander who nodded his head and fiddled with the keyboard seeing the projection scene disappear from the table followed by more typing as the male stared at the table which he figured held a computer screen hidden inside it. He shook his head of the sleepiness hitting him came to finding himself contained in a familiar tube from the feel.
Jinks got from Lance in response "Don't resist to being in the sleeper tube. I managed to rope the High Council to give you something to avoid dreaming of anything nasty while contained till they decide to let you out."
He groaned softly and felt urged to shut his eyes obeyed and passed out unconscious. 

Jinks gave up a vulgarity word once he halted his story talking only to get clapping noises to focus onto Tom with a glare. 
He glared at Tom who glared at him back finding the male speaking "Spare me the inappropriate language uses. Just tell me further on this story you're talking now."
Jinks willed forwards the Master in response only to hear "Daddy, just tell the story of seeing me playing soccer in person for the first time."
He found Victoria again giving him pleading groaned and willed aside the Master to speak the story fully.

Part Four: Out of Tube sleep

Jinks groaned feeling the familiar glasses still on his face his eyes still bad as ever. He sat in the limo eyes out the window through his glasses seeing the familiar scenery of a college campus which he recognized as University of Connecticut. He frowned eyeing it recalling himself going to college there in his original body which he got a degree and eyed the sky seeing the sun was high signaling a good weather day despite the cold. He felt his clothes wear business like consisted entirely in the color black. He felt the limo stop near an area where he recognized was where the college soccer game was being played and ordered out by his Highlander driver that needed to go park the car. He felt his pocket in his long sleeve shirt underneath his long coat was a device that would at a press of a button signal to his driver to his location and pick him up so he wouldn’t have to look around the parking lot for him. Jinks placed on the black hat covering the top of his head and got out of the limo shutting the door behind him. He had no difficulty maneuvering around crowds of people chattering among each other standing in the area which he noticed some appeared to stare at him with range of emotions on their faces but no recognition seen. He frowned as he went to the bleachers to find a spot to sit which he found near the top part of it and sat watching the soccer players doing their warm ups. He eyed the UCONN team wearing dark navy blue and the opposing team wearing white which he heard were actually undefeated and current defending national champions. He recalled to himself that UCONN women’s soccer team placed in the top three rankings a historic record for the college since records were kept after the transfer to Shadan since Victoria joined the team. He recalled to himself that Victoria at age eighteen joined the college as a walk on student after finishing high school just to be near her best friend Mavis Petersen who got a basketball scholarship to the college along with being near Marina who joined the college as an acrobatic athlete also on a scholarship. He watched the UCONN players for Victoria to see her in the goaltender area practicing blocking balls and catching them by players kicking them to her one at a time. He sighed seeing she looked fine and appeared fine. Jinks continued to watch Victoria play recalling her making a historic State High School record in soccer as the only goaltender to be undefeated in penalty kicks played against her in games the whole time she attended High School. 
He exhaled a breath as he recalled being told by a Highlander servant "Victoria’s high school coach had to do a lot of convincing to the college coach to accept her onto the team as goaltender using her record as a point into accepting her. The college coach relented and allowed Victoria onto the team in goaltender position which she has proved to keep up being undefeated in penalty kicks in college soccer games breaking college records in the process related to goaltender position her two year soccer seasons she completed while playing for the college." 
He frowned as a horn blew sounding loudly and watched as the soccer players ran off the field to benches besides them and gathered around their coaches talking about something he figured was a pep talk. He continued to watch as he heard the announcer via speakers announcing the start of the game and watched as the players got into position with Victoria in goaltender position. Jinks sighed and watched the entire game seeing it end into a scoreless tie with Victoria keeping the opposing team from scoring goals by keeping the ball from going into the goal. 
He again heard the horn signaling the end of the game and heard the announcer speak “Congrats to UCONN’S goalkeeper Victoria Montreal for breaking a historic record of blocking and catching balls while in the goalkeeper position!”
He clapped as the audience clapped then continued to hear the announcer speak “Since the game ended in scoreless tie the game will be determined by penalty kicks so good luck UCONN!”
He sighed as players got onto the field in a line with an UCONN player first in line and watched as Victoria stood nearby next to the referee eyes on the opposing team’s goaltender. He watched as the referee signaled with a come gesture by her hand and watched as UCONN scored a goal by penalty kick which the crowd cheered. He grimaced hearing the crowd stomp their feet on the metal bleachers making banging noises. Jinks continued to watch as Victoria got into the goaltender position in the goal with some nasty look in her face which he sighed recognizing her having that expression during the game whenever the ball went near her. Jinks watched as she blocked the penalty kicker’s ball by hand whacking it away from the goal box. He heard the crowd cheer in response then watched as a second UCONN player scored a goal and heard the same enthusiastic response from them. He smiled a smirk as Victoria again blocked another penalty kicker’s ball and watched as a third UCONN player scored a goal. 
He heard the announcer speak “If this ball gets blocked then UCONN will have won the game so good luck to them!”
He watched Victoria block a third penalty kicker’s ball and heard the crowd erupt in cheering along banging of stomping on the metal bleachers. He sighed as he stood finding his view blocked and watched as UCONN soccer players threw themselves on top of Victoria before freeing her and walking her to the bench where their coach was that patted her on the back and threw a fist in the air. 
Jinks heard the announcer speak “What a game for UCONN!”
He sighed as he followed the crowd getting off the bleachers heading towards the fence that surrounded the entire soccer field and watched the people shaking hands with the UCONN players while flashing lights at them from devices in their hands. Jinks sighed as he reached the fence and stood watching Victoria shaking hands with people who congratulated her for her playing. He frowned as he saw one grab Victoria on the face and kissed her on the lips which she broke it off appearing to laugh which he recognized the kisser as Mavis looking happy to see her along with blonde haired female next to him that reminded him of Natasha Novgorod which he figured was Marina. He continued to eye Victoria chat with both Mavis and Marina till the coach stopped by and gestured his daughter to come with him which he lip read the coach talking about some newspaper reporter wanting to interview her which would be good publicity for the college. He watched Victoria leave by Mavis’s gesturing her to go by his hand signal which he sighed. Jinks walked away through the crowd walking pass Mavis and Marina standing together backs to him both not paying attentions to him. He sighed and went to the parking lot and pressed the button on his device in his pocket and waited on the curb as his limo arrived while sensing himself filmed ignored the sensation got into the car and ordered for home which he felt the vehicle drive off away from the campus. Jinks sighed and leaned back in the seat taking off his hat and removing his glasses from his face dangling them by chains attached around his neck. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and sighed feeling himself proud of Victoria’s game playing and that she made him happy to have her as his daughter. He sighed again and leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of Lance who held up a hand in a gesture as usual and gestured to it with his head. Jinks groaned softly and held up his hand in identical position as Lance’s hand before folding his arms. He learned long ago not to protest to Lance checking his eyes sight due to an incident of gagging one of the Meritanians by mental power by mistakenly thinking that plant was his father who he thought threw into the water during a fight with him. 
Jinks spoke “Well?”
He stared at Lance who spoke “Ah I hate to tell you this but Victoria was aware of you watching her playing this game of Soccer anyway.”
He frowned hearing Lance’s words as his father continued “Victoria has some kind of sense intoned to you whom she managed to ignore it to play her level of soccer. Oh someone filmed you due to that your car is a limo considered a millionaire’s car in hopes of identifying you later once they get the chance.” 
Jinks groaned hearing that as Lance continued talking “Word will get out on your identity which means you’ll have to resort to viewing the games on TV from now on due to people would try to target you to hurt Victoria in an attempt to wreck her when she plays soccer.”
He groaned hearing that as Lance kept talking “Ah I confess I didn’t like you viewing that game in person but relented due to the Meritanians’ talk saying something about having a father watch a daughter play due to the daughter wishing for that. I think that speak for Victoria wanted you to view her playing a game but I don’t know anyway the plants won’t say anything about that.” 
He frowned hearing Lance’s words felt his eyes forced shut to come to hearing horns sounding loudly which he jerked open his eyes seeing his eyes sight blurry and the same as ever despite getting to that blurriness point. He put on his glasses and spied out the window with clear eyes sight was the city of New York City with traffic bad as usual along with hearing the horns sounding quite loudly despite the closed windows of the limo. Jinks groaned rubbing a hand on his forehead and stared out the window while putting the hand down on his lap. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes and stiffened as arms wrapped around him in the middle while feeling himself held up as he went unconscious. 
Jinks came to feeling himself naked floating in water surrounded by inky black darkness with nothing to be seen despite having night vision that weren’t appearing to be working at the moment with his eyes open. He heard nothing from Lance continued to float frowning as a memory of himself using his earthquake power flashed in his mind with the Master fully in control felt a compulsion to do it. He willed the Master through and moved his hands into position and mentally ordered for his earthquake power to be active hearing sounds that reminded him of glass shattering along with sounds of liquid splashing to him as he felt the scene change sensing nothingness then he came to blinking his eyes finding himself lying on a metal floor naked while feeling his form covered in some sticky substance. He felt gloved hands gripping his hands which he looked to see belonged to a High Council member his senses blared telling him it was Ajax. Jinks stared at Ajax with a frown that freed one of his hands and placed a hand on his forehead which he felt the compulsion to will the Master away along with sleep obeyed shutting his eyes only to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes. 
He saw Annukai gathered around the bed he was lying naked on feeling the substance gone from his body as one of them spoke in Basic in a feminine voice tone “This is our nesting room and not your room to sleep so get out. Whatever door that opens for you in the hallway is your room to stay in and use for personal use.” 
Jinks obeyed getting up and were thrust clothes and shoes from the Annukai which he put on covering his nakedness and left the room going to the bar room which inside he sat at a stool and was handed a cup by the bartender who spoke “It’s not alcoholic as you ordered.” 
He gulped down the drink sensing it was milk and found himself thirsty enough to gulp it fast. Jinks once done put the cup down on the counter only to keep a hand hold on it as he stared at it with shock sensing his eyes could see the designs on it clearly without the bad blurriness hitting his eyesight. He raised the cup eye level and stared at it arm’s length away followed by bringing it close to his eyes an inch from his nose and frowned seeing he could see clearly without any blurriness. He lowered the cup onto the counter and brought his right hand towards his face only to feel his wrist grabbed by a hand. 
Jinks looked off his right to see the hand holder was one of the Highlander pair a male who spoke in Basic “Two options regarding your eyesight is something called contact lenses some invention by the First Ones or some medical procedure called surgery to fix them back to normal. You’ll be told which one is which at the proper time, just don’t touch the eyes unless the person referred as doctor says you can.” 
He felt his wrist freed and lowered his hand eyeing the Highlander that went to his female companion and sat and began drinking from a cup on the counter. Jinks sighed and released his hold on the cup and got up from the stool walking towards Nameless standing in his familiar spot drinking from a cup which he eyed the monitor screens seeing various scenes of space that didn’t look familiar. 
He heard from Nameless “The three heads will come for you.” 
Jinks looked at Nameless and spoke “Then why don’t the High Council order the Meritanians to transport me to them?”
He stared at Nameless who spoke “Too busy monitoring for news of the deaths of certain people due to some explosion involving something called a car whatever it is.” 
He stiffened hearing Nameless’ words to figure out that he was transported out of his limo before it exploded and that the Meritanians were monitoring broadcasts of people claiming him dead to gauge their reactions to that news. He heard nothing from Lance in response only heard the familiar whining squeal sounds behind him followed by familiar hands grabbing his arms in tight ironclad grips which he figured belonged to the Falcons. Jinks didn’t protest as he was roughly hauled out of the room following Anubis taking a familiar route to the High Council’s throne room. He glared at the High Council with disgust running through him to notice Barry in the room with a glare on his face and flaring golden eyes which appearing to stare at him. 
Jinks heard Shad speak “Produce Lance Richard now. We want to talk to him about something important.” 
He mentally tried to keep the Master away only to hear from Lance “Jinks, let me through.” 
He mentally put the Master in control and spoke mentally “Someone better explain to me what happened period once it’s possible.” 
He heard nothing from Lance only to feel himself floating above his body to see it change into his father who took off the crown and tossed it in front of him sensing he was tossing it to Barry to catch and hold. Jinks saw the scene went black only to come to finding himself on a beach facing the Meritanians who had heads bowed while they stood in the water. He kneeled and shut his eyes to see a clear eyes sight view of the High Council’s throne room to gauge from the view that Lance was facing Barry near him and sensed annoyance hitting. 
He frowned as he heard Lance’s voice sounding in his mind sounding annoyed “Drat the High Council for doing that to me. They appear to have ordered Barry to flaunt his parental authority over offspring who use some begging tone and the word ‘Father’ to him. He won’t give me back my crown despite me asking him with that tone and word.” 
He felt a choking sensation jerked open his eyes standing up in a fast move while looking off his right to see Ajax having the Master in control that lowered his hand and felt the sensation stop. 
He glared at Ajax who spoke “Just trying to get your attention.” 
Jinks’ senses blared telling him Ajax lied reached out a hand and gagged his son on the throat while speaking “Your just here to distract me from helping my father.” 
He saw Ajax’s eyes widen as he felt a headache hitting him as the memory of him floating in darkness surrounded by water and Ajax was scanning him by the hand touching his neck. He gave up a growl and forced Ajax’s eyes shut seeing his son disappear in a flash of light which he felt the headache stop and resumed his kneeling position with eyes shut. 
He heard from Lance “Argh what the depths does Barry want from me to refuse giving up my crown and not saying it in my face?”
He mentally spoke “I thought Barry was your father. Why are you calling him Barry when he should be referred by a parental name of father instead?” 
He heard from Lance “Jinks, I’m being scanned mentally so don’t talk to me.”
He stiffened and jerked open his eyes bringing up his right hand snagging a wrist covered with cloth and looked off his right to glare at Ajax leaning bent towards him who had the Master in control which he thrust away his son’s wrist and got up as his son straightened up his form. 
Jinks glared at Ajax and spoke “This better be good, you distracting me from seeing what’s going on with my father who I see is being played by the High Council playing some keep the crown away from him joke by having Barry refused to give it to him on their orders unless they say so.” 
He folded his arms and glared at Ajax who appeared to gulp before his son spoke “The High Council is just checking something out regarding Predecessor and Barry’s relationship.”
His senses blared telling him it was a lie waved paralysis to hit Ajax who hit the ground on his back which he put a foot on his son’s chest and bent down speaking “You forget I can detect lies and what you told me was a lie so speak the truth or else now.”
He waved a hand mentally ordering paralysis to stop hitting Ajax from the neck up only to get from his son a scream of terror along with “Get me out of here now!”
Jinks frowned as his son repeated his words over and over reached down throwing a fist into Ajax’s forehead making sure his hand was covered by the sleeve and felt the fist hit home which quiet Ajax up. 
He glared at Ajax while adjusting his sleeve and resumed folding his arms to see his son appear to gulp before speaking “Father please get me out of here.” 
He spoke “Why? What joke is the High Council playing on the both of us and speak it now.” 
He glared at Ajax who whined out “Father please give me mercy and get me out of here.” 
Jinks felt a hand grab his shoulder forcing him to stand straighter and looked to see Lance with an all black eyed glare while wearing his crown that spoke “Do what your son says now or else Jinks.” 
He obeyed willing away the paralysis to see Ajax scramble up awkwardly to a standing position looking nervous and forced his son’s eyes shut. 
He turned around to face Lance and spoke “Spill it what joke did the High Council play on the both of us this time?"
He grabbed Lance’s wrist as his father attempted to force his eyes shut in a tight hold and did the same with the Lance’s other wrist. He glared at his father only to feel a foot hitting him on the chest pushing him backwards releasing his holds on Lance’s wrists which he hit the ground and felt his eyes forced shut to come to hearing a ringing sound very loudly which he jerked open his eyes. He found himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by the Falcons with Anubis and Barry standing nearby. He formed a glare on his face aimed at the High Council to see the speakers had their heads bowed and felt a headache of his mind scanned mentally spoke various vulgar language words repeatedly over and over till the headache stopped. 
He heard from Shad as the speakers raised their heads “Nice try with the inappropriate language Horus but we have achieved what we want. Anybus take this assassin to the army barracks on Sydney Island right away and tell the General no special treatment for him as a ranking officer but make sure he’s assigned to training recruits combative art and does the job perfectly period.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and blinked his eyes finding himself standing in the couch room with feet dangling while held up by the Falcons and felt annoyance take hold as he figured that the Falcons lifted him up and hauled him out of the room using some fast speed before he could talk. He shut his mouth and felt annoyance take hold as Anubis put the blindfold over his eyes and once again he felt the roller coaster’s movements followed by an elevator like movement then a jerking stop which the blindfold was yanked off his face and he was hauled out into the sunshine with eyes blinking from it. He looked around seeing familiar buildings from his sleep dream and grimaced hearing Anubis gave off a loud bellowing howl sound. Jinks glared at the buildings to see a figure come out of one of them run jogging towards him and group. He frowned seeing that the figure was young male human wearing blue clothing that reminded him of his sleep dream while appearing to be a teenager looking familiar that halted a foot away doing a double take look with recognition in the male’s eyes. 
He frowned as Anubis spoke whispering loudly “Orders from the High Council is no special treatment is to be done towards this assassin as a ranking officer by the General and that he’s to train recruits combative art and do the training perfectly period so he’s all yours.” 
Jinks felt himself freed landed on the ground on his feet and heard a clang noise behind him which he eyed the Human male who continued to stare at him with that familiar look in his eyes. 
He spoke sounding annoyed “Can’t people around here explain anything to me such as the High Council using me as some assassin?”
He formed a glare on his face as the Human spoke sounding familiar “I tried to get an explanation for the High Council’s interests in doing the same to me but I still haven’t yet gotten the reason.”
Jinks frowned and spoke “You got a name since I’m known around here as-“
He was interrupted by the teenager speaking “The General will decide on what call name to call you which you’ll be referred here along with another name to be referred to among the First Ones on their land. I’m called Youngling due to that I was a youngling when I arrived here.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that wondering why the male was familiar heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Don’t you remember a Human male child named Sasha aka Anatoly Ianov who the High Council first dumped onto you then took away to train him as an assassin?”
He stiffened hearing his father’s words recalling that fully in his mind as Youngling he assumed he’ll call him spoke “Come along while I give you a tour of the place along with getting you suited up to meet the General.”
He followed Youngling without a word that showed him the sleeping barracks first sensing himself filmed to see various Humans and hybrid Highlander Human males in there along with where to attend body needs and given a bunk underneath a hybrid sitting on the top bunk that stared at him as he found clothes on the bunk along with shoes and blankets and a pillow. He frowned as Youngling ordered him to shower and attend to his body needs due to that the General was strict on that and he’ll continue the tour. He obeyed to shower still feeling the filming sensation continue while noticing that the shower room was open to the bunk room by a doorway and noticed others staring at him with scrutiny looks as he showered. He ignored them and then once done put on the clothes he found were military styled in the color of blue along with black combat boots and grey socks. He ignored his hair and told to bring his former clothing and shoes with him by Youngling who insisted on him to do it for deposing them. Jinks obeyed and followed Youngling to the garbage bin sitting outside the barrack which he dumped the clothes and shoes inside then given a tour of the place finding it was identical to his sleep dream along with sensing recorders filming the area nearly everywhere. He was brought to the cafeteria last which he found a Highlander male with long black hair wearing identical clothing as himself but had some cap on his head while seated at a table with hands clasps in front that gave him a narrowed eyed look. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “Thank you that’s all Youngling. You can return to the barrack now.” 
He eyed the Highlander he figured was the General who continued to stare at him with a scrutiny look. 
Jinks frowned as the General spoke “My call name is General Fatherland. You’ll refer me by my title rank of General when addressing me and no other name period. I give you the call name of Jihadi which is what you’ll be referred from now on. It’s your duty to inform the others of your call name period.” 
He didn’t comment as the General paused to give him a glare which he spoke “Yes General.” 
He got from the General “I’m ordered to have you train the recruits combative art and make sure you do a good job of doing it period which is what I expect you to do if you want things to better your life around here. Just a word of a warning is the better you behave and follow orders the better off your life here is. If not then find yourself sleeping in the forest bothered by curious gonoids that’ll poke you awake as an example of not doing what you’re ordered around here get it?”
He spoke “Yes I get it General.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as the General added “Well go to the sleeping barracks and introduce yourself to the others, dismissed.” 
He spoke his familiar two words then walked out of the cafeteria building going to the barrack to go inside which Youngling stood with arms folded a glare on the male’s face. 
Jinks frowned as Youngling spoke loudly “You’re the one who the High Council referred as Horus.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled to speak “My call name is Jihadi as said by the General who ordered that.” 
He got from Youngling “Yeah it figures that the General wouldn’t use the names of Father One like he uses when referring to Horus around here to call you that.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as Youngling added “So explain what purpose is you here for, Jihadi besides having the power abilities referred as Source around here judging by your eyes and voice tone?”
He heard the sarcasm in Youngling’s voice tone sighed softly and willed the Master away from him to speak using his own voice “I’m ordered to teach you combative art and do a good job of doing it just to better my life here or sleep in the forest poked awake by curious gonoids. The General said that gonoid bit as an example so excuse me what purpose are you all doing here besides my arrival?”
He stared at Youngling who spoke “That purpose bit is always done for new recruits showing up to meet Fatherland like we refer the General but not in his presence to get a new name and meet the others as well.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as he went to his bed followed by Youngling and sat down as the teenager stood and proceeded to give him instructions of life living here finding himself familiar with that from his military training among the Amula he recalled in his mind. He frowned further hearing that the recruits so far have been trained in various combative art forms using own body to defend themselves in fights along with using the power abilities to knock a person down but that was it. 
Jinks continued to frown inwardly as Youngling spoke “I suspect that the combative art training you’ll be teaching would involve assassinating a person anyway judging by the expression on Fatherland’s face when he saw you. I’ve been living here long enough to know that Fatherland has been after people fluent in combative art to train us people to do assassinations. He always display that familiar hopeful expression on his face whenever a new recruit comes in which I’m pretty sure he’s thinking as always that he’s got a teacher to teach assassinations to us.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Youngling continued talking “Sometimes a new recruit turns out to be a joke only teaching us ridiculous moves that have nothing to do with combative art and as a result the idiot is fed to the water suckers before thrown to do some physical labor job sometimes around here like one guy wound up with the job of cleaning the food court of messes we make on Fatherland’s orders.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and clamped his mouth shut as Youngling looked at him with a frown before the teenager spoke “You’ll teach us what we want to know won’t you, Jihadi? Don’t want to have the High Council’s furious hand onto you if you don’t teach us what we want to know. Believe me the High Council is pretty harsh when it comes to giving out punishments to people interfering with their plans.”
He folded his arms in response and heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Sounds to me is either the kid’s mind was wiped or he’s been brainwashed into supporting the High Council which it’s either those two options regarding the recruits in this army your to teach combative art to.”
Jinks frowned to stare at the floor sensing Youngling staring at him waiting for him to respond to his question which he again heard from Lance “While your teaching them all your knowledge of the combative art moves, try to use that as payment for finding out their knowledge of the Source abilities so you won’t have to flaunt some abilities to them for them to use if they don’t know of it.”
Jinks spoke out loud as Lance became silent “Oh alright I’ll teach you what you want to know in combative art.” 
He shrugged and looked up to stare at Youngling who’s eyes became narrowed followed by the teenager speaking “Also your knowledge of the power abilities as well. Don’t you dare hold yourself back on sharing that either. The High Council will know of the hold back and make you regret it period.” 
Jinks heard from Lance “Drat didn’t account for Youngling to say that. Just share what you know of the Source one at a time and not all at once and be firm on that. I’ll find out what the High Council knows of the Source if I have to interrogate Ajax using you to torture him Hmph.
He spoke out loud as Lance became silent again “Fine I’ll teach you what you want to know about the power abilities but I’ll only teach only one power ability at a time each day period and not all at once. I did that to my own offspring when raising them over the years they grew up and they learned pretty well how to handle the power abilities and its pressures on using it in their life as well.”
Jinks got from Youngling was an all black eyed glare followed by the teenager holding up a hand and he felt a choking sensation in his throat gagged out “Excuse me but having the power abilities taught all at once wasn’t how I learned how to use them myself when I was growing up from offspring to parent. I had to learn them one at a time so I’m just using what I learned to teach you.” 
He felt the choking sensation become more dominant willed the Master through and held up a hand mentally forming a shield around him to feel the feeling stop and breathe air deeply and saw Youngling fold his arms which he did the same. 
Jinks heard from Youngling “You better teach us how you stopped me choking you due to hearing the noises you made cut off and you appearing to breathe fine judging by the looks of your expression on your face when you stopped gagging.” 
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Seems to me that the High Council wants confirmation on what they learned about the Source through records of it hence Youngling’s attitude. Just choke him in response and see if how he’ll react from that.” 
Jinks obeyed to hold up a hand and mentally ordered a glaring Youngling to choke seeing his order obeyed followed by sensing a choking sensation in his throat which he willed the gagging away from the teenager and formed a shield up while looking off his right to see a hybrid having all black eyes and hand up facing his direction. Jinks eyed the hybrid that lowered his hand which he willed the shield away and looked at Youngling rubbing his throat with a glare on his face. 
He spoke “Your terrible stopping me from choking you Youngling. Think of what will stop the choking and mentally do it so excuse me while I choke you again.” 
He held up a hand and mentally ordered Youngling to choke who gagged out “I don’t know how to stop the choking from happening.” 
Jinks sensed it was the truth willed the choking away from Youngling to speak recalling himself teaching the shield ability to Robert and Victoria figured he’ll do the same to Youngling. 
He spoke “What’s protecting us from the weather elements all around us as we sleep? What do you think it’s called actually besides the names of barrack and building? Think Youngling and do it.” 
He narrowed his eyes aimed at Youngling who frowned and continued to rub his throat while looking around the room including the ceiling followed by a glare forming on the teenager’s face that held up a hand which he mentally ordered the male to choke. He saw Youngling’s expression remained the same along with sensing that Youngling wasn’t choking lowered his hand to his thigh as the teenager did the same with his hand by folding his arms. 
Jinks frowned as Youngling waved a hand and he felt paralysis hitting his legs from the knees down followed by the teenager speaking “Get up and walk around. Sitting isn’t good for you anyway.” 
He heard from Lance “Jinks, just wave a hand and mentally order the deadness away. I figured that out from memory of someone trying that stunt onto me.” 
He obeyed to wave a hand in a careless gesture while shrugging and got up walking up to Youngling who’s eyes remained narrowed which he stood a head taller than the teenager while speaking “Anything else you want me to teach you judging by your attitude?”
He got in response was a loud growling sound from Youngling who spun in some spinning leg kick move aimed at his head while jumping up which he ducked and found himself blocking the teenager’s attempts to kick him in the head by various leg kicking along with blocking fisting aimed at his stomach as well. He found the combative art Youngling fought him in involved acrobatic like moves for jumping into leg kicks along with standing still for punching which he easily blocked recalling his karate and counterattacked the male’s fight by getting him onto the floor on his back followed by putting a foot on the man’s chest holding him in place. He stared at Youngling who struggled with grabbing his ankle to remove his foot off his chest sensing that the teenager was giving all he got to remove him but meeting failure with his efforts. Jinks heard a loud clapping sound of a single person applause sensed Youngling stopped struggling to hold his hands up in some surrender gesture which he looked to find the source of the sound was the General standing nearby in position to appear that he snuck up behind to witness the fight while surrounded in a circle by Humans and hybrids. Jinks removed his foot and bent down grabbing Youngling by the throat and with great strength lifted the male up from the floor to dangle his feet while hearing gasps sounds from the males all around him. He eyed the General who appeared to look bewildered before forming a glare on his face as he gently released Youngling while staring at the Highlander. Jinks turned towards the General while folding his arms hearing a loud coughing sound off his left ignored it figuring out it was Youngling making it. 
He narrowed his eyes while staring at the General who spoke in a loud voice tone “Free time is over go hit the Food Court and eat. Jihadi stay for I want to talk to you privately. Others dismissed now.” 
He stood with arms folded watching as the males Humans and hybrids left the barrack the last one sliding shut the door with a bang sound. 
He shifted to stare at the General who folded an arm and pointed a finger at him and spoke “Don’t expect special treatment from me because you’re Horus and the source of all of the recruits here who’s descendant from you through various people. That’s judging by tests done on each recruit and yourself as well that proves you originated them along with their power abilities as well.”
He stiffened hearing the General’s admission of words that paused to jab the finger at him in his direction then folded the pointer finger arm and added “I expect you to cooperate on teaching the recruits combative art and don’t try to hide that you don’t have knowledge of it. You proved that by easily defeating Youngling who happens to be the best fighter of all the recruits who has easily defeated the others in combative art fights whether their ordered or not so don’t bother hiding that ability from me.”
Jinks heard from Lance as the General paused from talking “Hmph sounds to me that the High Council is trying to create an army of assassins to fight their battles for them along with doing assassinations as well.”
He eyed the General as Lance became silent which the Highlander spoke “Don’t forget it, Jihadi, what I said to you. You’re expected by the High Council to teach everything you know involving combative art and the power abilities. Don’t even think of holding yourself back involving the power abilities. Believe me the High Council has everything involving that very well documented in their records which they want proof of it by people actually doing it.”
He kept his mouth shut as the General paused followed by continuing talking “I know from scans of Youngling’s mind that he used the deadness power onto your legs which you managed to remove by that hand gesture I saw and getting up to walk towards that recruit. Don’t even think of denying that from me or denying any power abilities tricks done on you in front of me or the recruits when confronted on that. I expect you once you have your meal to teach the recruits how you did that removal trick and I will make sure it happens period.” 
Jinks heard from Lance as the General stopped talking “Say yes General like you’re supposed to say whenever he pauses. I think it’ll throw him off due to that he doesn’t expect you to say the words when he stops talking.” 
He spoke out loud as Lance became silent “Yes General.” 
He saw the General expression become a big frown before the Highlander spoke “Argh hit the Food Court and get something to eat before I order you to do some exercise moves so dismissed.”
He didn’t say a word walked out of the barrack manipulating the door and went into the mess hall he figured he’ll call it food court to find the males in there scattered around at tables eating separately from trays holding dishware of food. Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth went to where there were machines said by Youngling to depose food which he grabbed a tray and loaded up dishware and silverware and with careful examination of each machine figured out how to get nourishment from them. He once done turned around and looked around the room finding the General entering the room to see recruits pause from eating to stand up giving a hand salute of fist over their chest right over the heart area on the left side then sitting down to eat. Jinks wandered around the room and found Youngling seated alone like the other recruits were which he went to sit down next to him who stared at him with an all black eyed glare while eating. Jinks felt himself hungry ate the food sensing it was a mixed up combination of foods along with the same with the drink nourishment ate and drank fast. Jinks finished with his nourishment spoke, while staring at Youngling as he continued to glare, instructions of using combative art to remove a foot sitting on his chest and noticed that the teenager was very attentive to his talk by the glare going away with head bobbing in some Human styled yes gesture. He continued his instructions to notice that the other recruits were appearing to be eavesdropping on the talk by the quietness of the room and males staring in his direction with looks of concentration on their faces as he looked while giving out verbal instructions to Youngling. 
He once done with the instructions spoke “That’s about it.” 
He got from Youngling “Interesting.”
Jinks spoke “You want to tell me who was the one here that taught you fight combative art like that?”
He heard a throat clearing noise off his left as he stared at Youngling to notice the teenager look away which he looked away in the same direction and spotted the General seated at a nearby table facing his direction. 
Jinks frowned as the General spoke “In answer to your question Jihadi, it was I who taught the recruits that combative art style which is not easily obtained due to how complicated the movements. Only Youngling seems to have the ability to easily get it the movements which I suspect it’s related to his young age and that he’s the youngest of all of the recruits here.” 
Jinks spoke in response recalling a memory of one of his offspring named Michael a hybrid of Human and Highlander in his mind “I thought the High Council roped someone trained in combative art to teach their army cycles ago which the movements should be similar to the style I used.”
He frowned as the General spoke “You thought wrong on the combative art style. Its true that the High Council got someone to train their army but that backfired on them due to that this teacher wasn’t easily persuaded enough to share everything. This person only taught the combative art I taught to the recruits enough for defending in combat. The Meritanians namely Ramses managed against High Council orders to transport this teacher off Shadan and that Ramses has refused despite ordered or threatened to explain why he did the transporting. The only reason why we could get from Ramses to explain his actions is that First Ones should be doing the job not Highlanders or hybrids. Ramses has repeatedly blocked the High Council’s attempts for various cycles to get Highlanders or hybrids to teach their army combative art by repeatedly transporting the person elsewhere which it doesn’t matter if its off Shadan or not.” 
Jinks frowned inwardly thinking to himself as the General paused from talking to eat his food and drink his drink “It figures on what really happened to Michael one of my offspring with a Highlander female who mysteriously disappeared after meeting him.”
He looked away to stare at the table and heard from Lance “Actually Michael was transported to the High Council and ordered to go through some travel backwards in time gate which he went through due to the Meritanians convincing him to do it. I later found out from fighting a Highlander in some battle that the Meritanians’ were overheard convincing someone to hold back on some movements and only teach complicated movements which I figured was them talking to Michael. By the way I got into another fight with a Highlander who ranted that the Meritanians transported Michael off planet due to his planetary signal not detected along with what the General said to you regarding the High Council’s attempts to get combative art training to their army.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lance continued talking “I get the feeling from the Meritanians’ attitude towards that situation is that they think the High Council should accept First Ones to teach their people various things such as combative art as one of them which I’m afraid you’ll have to teach wholehearted to them whether you like it or not. That’s due to that the Meritanians have indicated from eavesdropping on their talk and figuring out what they were trying to say by hints that First Ones teaching the High Council various things would help clean up the group’s behavior and attitudes towards other species and their own species the Highlanders as well.” 
Jinks continued to stare at the table hearing nothing more from Lance heard a throat clearing noise off his right looked to stare at Youngling who spoke “You seemed to be thinking about something judging by the expression on your face so spill it. I know by your expression that you figured something out and should talk on what it is.” 
Jinks spoke “Actually just thinking about the Meritanians’ attitudes of only having a First One teach the High Council and their servants’ combative art. I wonder if the Meritanians are indicating about some problem related to the High Council and their servants that they think only First Ones can fix. I’m not sure if the High Council is actually aware of this or actually in denial about it due to knowing how they feel towards First Ones from my experience with them over the cycles I’ve lived.”
He frowned hearing a loud sputtering cough sound looked off his left to see the General coughing loudly while looking like he was choking. Jinks eyed the General who appeared to gasp for air loudly before resuming eating his food and drinking his drink. 
He heard from Youngling “Interesting thinking thoughts Jihadi.” 
He shrugged in response to eye Youngling who stared at him back indicating that he had finished taking in his nourishment. Jinks looked away to stare at the General who paused from eating to form a big frown on his face followed by some angry look which he felt himself falling backwards hitting a metal floor and felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands and found himself in the High Council’s throne room. Jinks formed a glare on his face eyes on the High Council as he was forced into a standing position to notice that the speakers had heads bowed and felt his mind scanned by headache felt. He mentally spoke various vulgar language words and felt the headache stop followed by the speakers raising their heads. 
He eyed Shad who spoke “Interesting thoughts you’ve been having about us.”
He narrowed his eyes as Onya spoke “Well to answer your question on some things, it was surgery done on your eyes that fixed your eyesight which was some kind of recent medical procedure invented by a First One that has a good success rate of restoring people’s eyesight regardless of the species due to how well medical cases turned out.”
He kept his mouth shut in response as Onya kept talking “Oh our interests in having Lance Richard’s presence was to scan his mind due to not done that before and see how he thinks. Unfortunately a Meritanian was detected blocking us from doing that and kept us out. As for Ajax being in your presence while Lance Richard had the body form, he was ordered to distract you due to that you have been detected helping Lance Richard get out of traps we set for him along with acquiring his crown with your help.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut hearing that as he heard nothing from Lance while hearing Onya talking “Barry was ordered by us to stop falling for the offspring trick of using some voice tone and calling him father for his offspring to get him to do something for them. We were very firm on that order insisting that Barry should be using parental authority on his offspring due to Ajax telling us what you told him regarding that situation. It was amusing seeing Lance Richard use that trick on his father for the crown who obeyed us and didn’t budge falling for it. It wasn’t amusing having Lance Richard insult us with inappropriate language which we blame you for that and as a result Barry gave him the crown. As for Barry we ordered him to use his parental authority on other offspring which the Meritanians transported him out to one of them and from their recent talk before they became quiet it appears that he’s obeying our orders doing what we said to him on his own offspring.” 
Shad he eyed spoke as Onya became silent “We had an ulterior motive having you in our possession which was related to having you teach our servants combative art along with your own descendants the proper use of power abilities. Oh we admit that we ordered one of our servants to cause a vehicular accident in the streets of your home city just so an explosive device could be placed on your car with you and your driver transported out before the explosion was triggered.” 
Jinks felt himself angry hearing that snarled out “You manipulated my life again. When will you learn that I don’t tolerate your manipulating actions towards me and my family enough to cease doing them?” 
He felt the Master in control as he paused from talking to sense the Falcons’ hands on his arms were bare handed figured he’ll charge up his body to zap them only to hear from Lance abruptly “Jinks stop it now! That angry attitude is exactly what the High Council want from you by overhearing the Meritanians talking to them about the subject! So stop it now and calm down or be worse off from your situation due to that the High Council has the means to do it!”
He felt a headache hitting him followed by it leaving along with his anger gone from him mentally willed the Master away from him but kept the glare on his face and his hands in a relaxed position while eyeing the High Council. 
He heard Shad speak “Manipulating? What manipulating are you talking about Horus? Care to give an example?”
Jinks refrained from speaking hearing the sarcasm in Shad’s voice tone formed a thin line with his mouth as he heard from Ramses speaking “High Council, Lance Richard says that you haven’t fully said what Horus needs to hear regarding what happened after some explosive device was placed on his vehicle with him and his driver transported out by us.” 
He felt the headache stop glared at the High Council as Onya spoke “Alright fine we’ll say it. According to reports by spies that people have managed to identify the owner of the car exploded as you along with some unexpected recorder catching a servant in the act of putting an explosive device on the car just prior to it blowing up which the First Ones aren’t buying the explanation that you perished in the car along with your driver. The First Ones specialized in car bombs have publicity said despite threats to them that there’s no evidence of you and your driver found to indicate you both were in the car when it exploded and said that it was another stunt by us again to trash their species. The First Ones as far as you should know are still having a negative attitude towards us and have refused to recognize us as their leadership authority instead have done what it takes despite threats to do negative press to the other species which the other species have mixed feelings about that. The other species in question have refused to publicity get involved in this situation but we know that their working behind the scenes doing things negatively against us by spies saying it-”
He heard Ramses interrupt “High Council a certain Highlander is getting annoyed with having to lend one of his army recruits to you due to that this recruit has an ability that needs to be taught to his other recruits including something related to combative art.”
He heard both speakers say in unison “Ramses shut up!”
Jinks frowned hearing that comment from the speakers continued to hear from Ramses “Alright you asked for it!”
He stiffened seeing two flashes of light from the High Council along with Awks from the Falcons and felt them release their holds on his arms and blinked his eyes finding himself in the gymnasium of the army barrack while facing General Fatherland and others in the room. 
He frowned as the General spoke “About time that the High Council stopped the borrowing of my recruits to do ridiculous jobs before their properly trained for it which they lose their life in the process. I’m getting sick and tired of losing recruits and the High Council borrowing them without giving them back. Harrumph!”
Jinks heard from Ramses abruptly “Actually that wasn’t the High Council who returned the recruit. It was me who did that. As for the High Council the ones who insulted me with some shut up comment you’ll find them in King Winter’s Kingdom shivering on an iceberg which there’s a warship nearby that can simply pick them up once their sensors find them.” 
He heard nothing more from Ramses frowned as the General gave up another Harrumph sound followed by the Highlander speaking sounding firm “Alright Jihadi start teaching of this combative art you used against Youngling in a fight I witnessed and defeated that recruit in the process. So hurry up and start the teaching before the High Council think of borrowing one of my recruits and yourself as well for a ridiculous job.”
Jinks exhaled a breath though his mouth and heard from Lance “Just teach them anyway. It should give you something to do and blow off being angry due to that the Meritanians’ mind manipulating is only temporary like I warned you about and doesn’t really take away the angry feeling.” 
Jinks obeyed getting the recruits he counted about nineteen of them along with the General making twenty people, who insisted on being taught, drills in combative art from recalling himself doing the exact teaching on his own offspring when they were first learning karate. He kept up the teaching getting the recruits and General to spar fight in pairs using what they learned in drills to fight each other while going from pair to pair to give out instructions and corrections to their sparring. Jinks kept it up finding his angry mood that suddenly returned abruptly evaporating after doing some karate while teaching movements to the recruits and the General. 
He heard a noise sounding like an air horn sounding loudly halted the teaching giving off a halt command after the sound ceased it noises and eyed the General who spoke loudly “That was the High Council indicating the teaching ends for the day and just in time judging by the sunlight’s position from peering through the windows that we should stop and eat followed by free time before required sleep mode time arrives so hit the Food Court now.”
Jinks obeyed following fellow recruits out of the gymnasium barrack to the Food Court barrack to find that the sun looked low in the sky and figured from memory that it was late morning when he first arrived to the army barrack hauled to there by Anubis and the Falcons. He got into line to get food and went to sit in a chair at a table joined by Youngling and felt himself hungry but figured it was best to take his time due to gobbling up his previous meal and didn’t want to aggravate his body systems eating and drinking too fast. He ate the food taking his time along with drinking down the drink and once done found Youngling leaning back in his chair eyeing him with a frown. 
Jinks frowned as Youngling spoke “You don’t seem very hungry judging by the way you took in nourishment.”
He spoke “Actually I didn’t want to aggravate my body system from taking in nourishment too fast due to that I did that at a previous meal and don’t want to take any chances of doing it again for another meal. I confess that my body has this mind set that it would reject the nourishment if I take it too fast at two different meal times making me sick later enough to reject it all up including the previous meal as well hence me taking my time.” 
He leaned back folding his arms as Youngling frowned forming it on his lips before the teenager spoke “Interesting your not fully a First One aren’t you despite looking like one?”
Jinks spoke “I’m a hybrid actually.” 
He got from Youngling “Hmm there’s a rumor going around from others down below about some First One having some capability of creating offspring through both First Ones and Highlanders. Wouldn’t that be you actually?”
He saw Youngling’s eyes not showing the Master in control narrow with suspiciousness in them which he spoke “From my knowledge of tests done on me whether their High Council origin or not that I’m able to do what the rumor suggested. Yes I already fathered offspring through both which I’m unsure of the number due to that some of the fathering were through implantation of donating my services whether I was a willing participant or not.” 
He shrugged to see Youngling’s eyes remained narrowed before the teenager spoke “Hmm what about those Source abilities of yours? Is there any chance that they could be passed down from you to offspring?”
He heard a clapping noise before he could answer and looked at the source to find the General standing in the room near his table and eyed the Highlander that stopped his noises who spoke “Alright recruits put away your nourishment holders and get out of here now so that the laborers can do their cleaning before the sun goes down and has to fight with gonoids hanging around at night wrecking up their efforts to do their jobs.” 
Jinks sighed and got up grabbing his tray which he sensed Youngling following him to the machines for putting in dishware and trays inside which he figured were washing them clean. He walked out of the Food Court barrack to stand staring at the horizon with the sun back to him eyeing the scenery sensing the army barrack was surrounded by a forest in a circle pattern. He looked down to see that the ground reminded him of fake grass asphalt from the looks of it and looked like it covered the entire army barrack ground. 
Jinks felt a tap on his shoulder looked to see Youngling standing next to him who spoke “Come on and hit the sleeping barracks that’s where we hang out during our ordered free time by Fatherland.” 
He obeyed following Youngling into the sleeping barrack to find other recruits there and the General not among them. 
He frowned looking around and heard from one of the recruits pointing in a direction when he looked at him “Fatherland has a private bedroom in the corner where he sleeps.” 
He eyed where the recruit was pointing to see a door in the wall that jutted out in a box in the corner of the sleeping barrack room which he eyed its details to see that it was completely separate by the walls hitting the ceiling. 
Jinks frowned as he heard a voice sounding like using the Master in control “Alright Jihadi, explain this.”
He stiffened feeling paralysis hitting his feet willed the Master out and mentally waved the paralysis away from him only to again get his feet feeling like deadweight. 
He heard from Lance “Jinks, your going to have to verbalize that deadness removal trick of yours I told you to do.” 
He spoke out loud noticing recruits gathered around him in his eyes sight all with the Master in control by their eyes “Alright just wave your hand and mentally order the deadness feeling to go away. It worked for me when Youngling did that trick on me. I don’t know if it’ll work for you due to not sharing that ability very much with various people who have the Source abilities so see what you think you can do and leave me out of that.”
He folded his arms and narrowed his eyes finding his feet no longer deadweight exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled seeing that none of the recruits have budged from their spots while staring at him with narrowed Master like eyes. 
Jinks frowned inwardly thinking to himself “Terrific I’m interrogated in response to teaching them combative art.” 
He heard nothing from Lance in response as one of the recruits spoke “Spill it Jihadi can the Source be passed down from you to your offspring and don’t hem and haw answering that.” 
He spoke “Well I’ve seen the Source in my own offspring I’ve raised so I guess that it’s a yes I can pass it down. I haven’t tested how strong or weak the Source is in my descendants yet so I can’t answer that question.” 
He shrugged and heard in response “Terrific it explains why Fatherland is always mad whenever he says that the High Council is borrowing his recruits and not giving them back.” 
Jinks frowned eyeing the recruits to hear one of them speak sounding like talking to him “Jihadi, admit it you originated from Shadan and lived long enough to have the High Council use you to father High Council members.”
He stiffened hearing that as he heard from Lance “Of course that’s the official story that the High Council is using regarding explaining you to their servants along with explaining Source abilities detected in them.” 
He heard another voice speak as Lance became silent “Don’t hem and haw Jihadi on your explanation so admit it now.” 
Jinks spoke refraining from using sarcasm in his voice tone “Admit what? I don’t have authority to admit this to you so don’t bother asking me again.” 
He glared at the recruits to see one wave a hand towards him and felt paralysis all over his body as he slid to the floor lying onto his back and grunted feeling himself unable to move to wipe away the feeling. 
He heard “Well, well looks like he can’t do a thing about this trick you pulled on him, Flyer. What should we do to him anyway?”
He continued to eavesdrop as the recruits got into an argument on whether to leave him like that and haul him to his bed or will the deadness away and have him go to his bed on his own. He heard them argue an explanation on freeing him is that he wouldn’t get any rest from that and wouldn’t be able to teach them combative art the next day and heard them add that they liked the new fight style they were taught and wanted to learn more including keeping it up to practice. Jinks felt annoyance take hold sensing the argument seemed lengthy from the sounds of it along with seeing sunlight becoming dim through the windows near the ceiling. 
He mentally spoke “Argh when will they stop this ridiculous argument and free me from this trapped status?”
He heard nothing from Lance in response felt the paralysis stop swung himself up to standing and heard multiple whoa sounds from the recruits seeing that they still had the Master in control as he looked at them with a glare. 
Jinks heard from Lance “Just teach them some Source ability just to show that you’re not mad at them. I think it’ll get them to drop doing that stunt on you again.”
He sighed softly and saw the recruits looking at him in silence spoke out loud “Who knows what a projectile gun weapon is?”
He got from one of them “The High Council forbidden us to be trained to use one along with forbidden us to be trained in using other weapons other than just our bodies. We do know what the weapon your talking about but the High Council has refused to let us be trained in it and has balked on giving an explanation.”
Jinks spoke in response “See a projectile gun weapon near you whether it’s aiming at you or not and get its functions to stop which I call jamming by hand wave while mentally giving the order. The gun will be useless anyway after its done which worked for me and my offspring I raised and should work for you so don’t forget it period.” 
He folded his arms staring at the recruits who all nodded their heads followed by seeing them will away the Master which he copied them. 
He heard one speak in a groaning tone “Argh sunlight is fading fast and soon it’ll be too dark to see around here. I really hate it when the High Council has balked on giving us lights to see in the dark along with doing some ridiculous night training test once in awhile.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that went to his bunk to sit to find Youngling’s bunk was next to his and that the teenager had the upper bunk judging by the male climbing the ladder to reach it. He got up and adjusted the blanket and pillow for sleeping then laid his form on the bed pulling the blanket up to his chest and stared at the upper bunk’s bottom as the sunlight faded for good followed by his familiar night vision coming into his eyesight. He sat up and looked around the room seeing from his bed in his line of sight that recruits were in bed with a blanket on them mostly staring skywards with facial expressions that suggested that they were blind at night. Jinks laid his form down and shut his eyes figuring out that he’ll need his sleep recalling that Youngling warned him about the High Council interrupting sleep to sound their familiar noise regardless of it daylight or not. He continued to recall Youngling telling him that at various times the High Council would pull some kind of night training test a selected recruit would have to undergo just to see how they’ll do being blind at night. He felt himself getting into deeper sleep by how tired he felt at the moment and sighed softly from that feeling to allow himself to sleep passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to hearing an air horn sound sounding loudly jerked open his eyes seeing it was daylight dimly and got up from the bed as fellow recruits did the same heading towards the shower and bathroom facilities as a requirement for starting the day. Jinks showered naked among the naked recruits and noticed that the General wasn’t among them frowned but continued showering followed by going to his clothes folded on the floor outside the shower room among clothing scattered in piles on the ground. He put on his clothes and boots and exhaled a breath feeling his hair and felt regret not having a hairbrush for it which he walked out of the sleeping barrack and headed in the sunrise towards the Food Court. He found the General inside seated leaning back in a chair drinking from a cup slowly while eyeing the entrance by eyes looking at it along with noticing that Fatherland had already eaten his food by the tray holding empty dishware. He sighed again and went to get nourishment figuring out that he’ll eat for needing to get energy for it. He found Youngling joined him at the table along with two other recruits filling the remaining spots of the table’s chairs. He eyed the two males to see that one was Human and appearing to be older than Youngling in his second decade and saw the other one was a hybrid by the looks of it with ears cut similar style as Ajax. Jinks ate his food in silence taking his time eating the food and once done leaned back with arms folded while eyeing the recruits gathered around the table that had finished their nourishment as well. 
He eyed Youngling who spoke pointing a finger appearing to be at the human “This is Library for he’s always quoting lines from books to us and rightfully earned that name by the General giving it to him at first meeting.” 
He looked at Library who spoke some line that sounded familiar and felt confused till he heard from Lance saying that the book was some kind of First One recorded book on a famous play which he remembered it and nodded his head towards the male. 
He looked at Youngling who pointed a finger appearing to be at the hybrid speaking “He’s Flyer due to that he can throw his body into moves dubbed acrobats easily despite us doing it with trouble.”
Jinks recalled last night looked at the hybrid male Flyer that had a sheepish expression on his face who spoke “Sorry about giving you the deadness. I admit that I had a hand in getting the others to see you get to your bed asleep on your own instead of us doing the job for you.” 
He shrugged in response figuring out that it was best not to be angry at the male heard a loud clapping sound followed by multiple groaning noises sounding in the room and heard from Youngling “Every morning we do our acrobatic training exercises which only Flyer does them easily.” 
He got up and carried the tray to the dishwashing machine putting away the items then followed Youngling outside towards a spot on the field away from the buildings and noticed recruits looking at him as the General came into view. 
He frowned as the General spoke “Alright Jihadi since you were seen doing some acrobatic move getting up from the floor last night you’re to teach it to us while you learn how to do the acrobatic moves I’m currently teaching to the recruits in the process.”
Jinks without a comment fell into a perfect split body facing forwards with both legs on his sides heard a sarcastic “Yah ha we can do that and already been doing it for awhile so teach us what we want to know.”
He obeyed swinging himself and his legs into position and swung himself up then glared at the recruits while pointing a finger down to the ground. He saw some fell into perfect splits while some awkwardly sat down along with seeing them getting their legs into position and watched them attempt to do his swing up move. He went around recruits and the General correcting body positions as they attempted to swing up finding two people doing it easily which he saw was a hybrid he assumed was Flyer and Youngling having success in doing it despite others having trouble doing the movements. He figured to himself that the others would have no trouble once they kept on practicing the movements and keep attempting to do it which would give them success. He heard a clapping sound as the sun fully rose over the horizon followed by groaning noises as recruits got up from the ground and stood which he joined them standing in the back row and eyed the General who barked orders ordering them to do various acrobatic moves by saying unfamiliar words and saying do it comments. He paused to watch recruits doing the moves followed by himself attempting to do them finding himself having success in doing them but felt himself wanting to do it automatically before doing an acrobatic move he found himself doing with success. Jinks frowned as the General halted the training by ordering recruits to sit down and take a break which he obeyed and frowned seeing Fatherland walking up to he to stand next to him with arms folded while staring at him. 
He frowned as the General spoke “You seemed to easily have no trouble doing the acrobatic moves I order recruits to do due to seeing them having problems from time to time so explain that.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath heard from Lance in response “Just be honest that some Highlander unsure if their High Council servant or some enemy of them cycles ago was very insistence on you to be trained to do acrobatic moves and that the teacher reported you having some natural ability to do them.” 
He inhaled a breath and spoke to the General “Ah cycles ago some Highlander unsure of whom that male was loyal to approach me while I was outside my home and in some adamant tone insisted that I take up acrobatic training. I wound up agreeing to the Highlander’s demand after another provided some document about some legendary First One male that lived in Shadan’s Great Britain known to throw his body into flying moves when fighting with people either in mock fights or in battles along with being undefeated in one to one battles using the body form as a weapon.”
He clamped his mouth shut as the General’s eyes narrowed with suspiciousness in them as the Highlander spoke “I suspect that Highlander telling you to train in acrobats was from the High Council checking up some ancient documented report about your life in Great Britain and that they wanted proof of this by having you demonstrate the acrobatic ability I’ve seen from you doing it easily.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the General’s implying words heard from Lance as Fatherland paused from talking “Jinks, how many times must I remind you that you can do any known acrobatic ability easily doing them regardless of the species doing them?”
He exhaled a breath hearing Lance’s question as he stared at the General who barked out “Break time is over! Get up now!”
He obeyed swinging himself up to stand and heard the General add “Not so fast recruits! Your getting up exactly the way Jihadi got up and I meant it so do it now!”
He sighed and stood with arms folded staring at the recruits seeing most of them get up awkwardly off balanced while a few appeared to have gotten the move easily but noticed that they took several steps back as if getting off balanced after standing. He frowned as the General ordered recruits back into the acrobatic moves by hearing the familiar words and recognized them enough to follow along with the members doing them instead of having to hesitate watching them do the movements to do them. Jinks didn’t protest as the General ordered him and recruits to the Food Court for a meal which he noticed that the sun was higher and felt like he needed to eat something which he went to the food room to eat. He sat next to Youngling, Flyer and Library silently eating then once done got ordered by the General loudly telling him and recruits to hit the barracks for a rest which he went and found his bunk to lie on and shut his eyes feeling himself tired which he passed out unconscious. 
Jinks came to sensing himself floating in water naked while wearing chains on his wrists and ankles. He felt his ability to raise his arms blocked by feeling the chains were attached to his ankles that prevented that. He felt himself annoyed to realize that the time with the General and recruits was nothing but a dream his mind conjured up for him while contained in some sleep tube. Jinks felt himself going down as if going down some water slide which he sensed nothing came to feeling himself lying on a metal floor while wearing chains and he felt an object poking his sensitive part and heard a male voice sounding Highlander like ordering him to perform. 
Jinks felt familiar clawed hands grab his arms lifting him up from the floor and Anubis’s familiar voice speaking “The High Council has ordered for Horus to be in their presence.” 
He kept his eyes shut feeling himself flying sideways in the air in some super speed move and then it stopped followed by familiar cloth placed over his eyes which he felt the familiar roller coaster movements all over the place. Jinks felt the movements stop along with cloth off his eyes and again flying in the air till his feet touched metal and jerked open his eyes to see with clear eyes sight that he was in the High Council’s throne room. 
He felt confused as to why he was seeing clearly heard from Shad speaking “Produce Lance Richard now.” 
Jinks’ eyes shift as if drawn to see Barry standing nearby in the room with a glare on the Builder’s face which he heard from Ramses abruptly “Ugh High Council a certain servant of yours got Lance Richard in a bad mood and is having a big fight with him at the moment.”
He heard from Onya who spoke “Transport Ajax to us now.” 
He saw a light flash to show a sleeping High Council member lying on the floor his senses told him was Ajax which he eyed as Anubis went to him shaking his shoulder that woke up with a loud gasp. 
Jinks formed a thin line with his mouth as Ajax got up speaking in a loud tone “High Council I figured something out which is the dreams of Horus he’s having while contained asleep are actually some version of Lance Richard’s memories. I told that to Lance Richard who refused to give me an answer instead acted quite violent with me as his response which I got into a fight with him and he used some Builder speed ability to kick me out away from him.” 
He eyed the High Council to see the speakers bow their heads and felt the familiar headache of his mind scanned felt himself annoyed with that to mentally speak vulgar language words till sleepiness hit him and he jerked his eyes shut passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare and appeared to be glaring at the Meritanians. Jinks reached out a hand touching his father on the shoulder who jerked his head towards him and yanked his hand off his shoulder followed by facing him making him feel nervous.
Jinks stared at Lance with a frown who spoke sounding angry “What Ajax just admitted is manipulating by the Meritanians fooling around in your mind and being amused by that stunt.”
He heard from Ramses sounding annoyed as his senses blared telling him Lance lied “Hey Lance Richard cut blaming us for your problems now.” 
Jinks willed the Master through and spoke “Father you lied about the Meritanians so tell me the truth now.”
He heard a growling noise from Lance and felt himself gagged on the throat by his father’s hand which he found his efforts to free himself useless as the male forced his eyes shut. Jinks came to finding himself floating surrounded by water in darkness while wearing chains on his ankles and wrists felt annoyance take hold.
Jinks mentally spoke “What will it takes for me to be freed from this prison and have a life with people I considered my family?”
He heard nothing in response felt sleepiness shut his eyes to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes sensing the Master in control to find himself lying on the ground wearing clothes that felt twin to Lance Richards' like and saw a Highlander male wearing twin like clothes leaning over him with all black eyes.
The Highlander spoke “Lance Richard get up now.” 
He in response gave up a spitting motion and resumed shutting his eyes which he again heard from the Highlander sounding firm “Either you get up or I’ll choke you till you do it.” 
He opened his eyes and swung himself up to stand glaring at the Highlander who pointed a finger and spoke “The mess tent is that way so get some food now.” 
He obeyed spotting a large tent nearby gathered near two other tents and saw Highlanders wearing twin clothes in color brown gathered nearby sitting on the ground appearing to be eating food from bowls which he went to the tent as pointed by the Highlander and inside was handed a bowl from a female Highlander wearing a Peasant dress from the looks of it. He went out of the tent and went to sit on a bare spot on the ground and felt himself hungry reached a hand towards the food to get an image of a whip with a black background along with a crack sound in his mind which he blinked his eyes to found himself back in the Food Court slowly taking his time eating his food with silverware while Youngling, Flyer and Library were copying him. Jinks stiffened to realize that Ajax wasn’t kidding about him dreaming some version of Lance’s memories while contained asleep in a tube. He continued to stiffen as he ate his food forcing himself to eat it due to sensing hunger hitting him as a question came to his mind. He mentally questioned himself on how long he was contained asleep in a tube dreaming versions of Lance’s memories and heard nothing from Lance in response frowned but continued eating his food then once done leaned back seeing the other recruits were done as well. He folded his arms letting his thoughts wander still questioning himself on how long he was contained in a tube asleep and whether he really was freed from it due to that his eyesight was perfect last time he was out of it. 
He heard from Youngling speaking “Your thinking of something Jihadi so spill it now.” 
He shifted his eyes towards Youngling who had a glare on his face who continued “The expression on your face says that your thinking of something so spill it or else.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled to speak sounding annoyed “I spent a good amount of time contained asleep in some tube dreaming of various things some terrible that have me questioning whether this all around me is either a dream or reality. So excuse me for thinking of that.” 
He shrugged to get from Youngling “Interesting he’s in our situation instead of something else as thought.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Youngling’s words as the male continued sounding serious “Welcome to our reality Jihadi, contained asleep in tubes where all we can do is talk to each other through this scenery led by General Fatherland who’s in our situation as well. The only thing we all have in common is the use of the Source powers which the General has said to have himself but doesn’t like to flaunt in our faces whether we disobey him or not.” 
Jinks continued to stiffen as Youngling continued talking “Oh what the General meant by borrowing is one of us is out of the tube being used for donation services to breed offspring for the High Council and their motives unknown. The General has got it in his mind to us that we’re breeding an army for the High Council to use over the First Ones. It's assumed the First Ones have refused to accept their leadership authority hence they having us create offspring for them to manipulate in their views to target First Ones in response for not accepting them as their leaders.”
Jinks frowned as he felt an odd feeling hitting him like a headache along with water sensation all around him blinked his eyes finding himself surrounded in darkness naked and wearing chains on his wrists and ankles. 
He felt a headache of his mind scanned mentally spoke “Hello who’s this?”
He heard a male voice sounding odd to him speaking in his mind “You haven’t been living up to expectations the High Council expect from you.” 
He mentally spoke sensing the Master in control “What expectations are you talking about?”
He heard in response “I meant donating your services for breeding offspring. Your body for some reason despite manipulation has refused to do the services instead gave something else unexpected which wrecks things up.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Don’t tell me you have a problem with a female mating with me out unconscious.” 
He continued to hear from the voice “Actually a certain someone has been detected throwing inappropriate behavior towards females attempting to mate with you.” 
He mentally spoke “Then have me do the job willingly.” 
He heard from the voice in response “Ah that was considered but there’s a little problem involving that and I believe you know what it is.” 
He stiffened as a memory of himself mating with a blonde female in a place that seemed like an elevator flashed in his mind along with the way he treated the lady to get her to submit to his demand of mating which produced his daughter Victoria. He continued to stiffen as he got memories of himself throwing himself in Karate in the gym room whenever he was feeling any body interest in mating by repeatedly doing the movements over and over till the feeling stopped. Jinks frowned as he got memories of himself balking the servants’ attempts to get him to mate with a female by verbally telling the servants to not bring that up again in his presence. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Hmph well perhaps its time I got over this mental block due to that I got over it while contained in some tube thanks to someone named batty.”
He felt the headache of his mind still scanned to hear from the voice “I got to warn you that you’ll have to submit to a mind scan while doing the mating something others chosen for breeding have gone through themselves as well with the female selected for them.” 
He mentally spoke “Ugh fine I agree to this and like to know what the High Council say about it.” 
He heard “Just hold on tight while I get you out for that.” 
He felt a movement of a water slide along with blinking his eyes to found himself on a metal floor feeling the chains stripped from his form and then blinked his eyes feeling the floor soft as a bed which he jerked his eyes full wide. Jinks looked around the room finding himself in a familiar round room belonging to the High Council sensing himself filmed and spied on which he saw a door in the wall swung his legs off the bed to sit towards the door. He eyed the door with the Master in control to see it slide open showing nothing but blackness followed by a female Highlander with long black hair wearing some clingy short white dress that paused from walking to stare at him with a frown on her face. He sensed a headache figured that she was scanning him got up from the bed and heard the door shut which he went to her and grabbed a fistful of her dress pulling it up. He proceeded to yank the dress off the female’s form over her head without her resisting to it. Jinks tossed aside the dress and grabbed her hand pulling her towards the bed without resistance sensing himself still mind scanned which he ignored. He let go of the female’s hand and forced her to lie onto the bed on her back and got himself on top of her feeling her legs part locking around him. Jinks narrowed his eyes at the female sensing himself getting the urge to mate placed his hands besides her sides and thrust his sensitive part inside her sensing no resistance or anything blocking the way. He stared at the female in the eyes as he thrust in and out of her sensing himself feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her while she had hands on his cheeks and continued to stare at him in the eyes. He gave up a growl as he spilled himself inside the female feeling an intense charge of pleasure hitting him and again felt the urge to mate. Jinks did another round of thrusting feeling the same feelings hitting him and again gave up a growl as he spilled himself inside the female. He felt the urge stop and felt himself fully up to the hilt inside the female whose legs became more locking in some tight hold while feeling his mind still scanned. Jinks in a quick move placed a hand on the female’s forehead mentally ordering her to sleep and saw his order obeyed by her closing her eyes, her hands sliding off his face along with her legs’ locking hold become loose. Jinks removed himself off the female and got himself down on the floor figuring that he’ll see if his limber and karate movement status was either intact or destroyed. He proceeded to stretch finding himself still limber as usual and threw himself up to stand which he found himself doing the movement perfectly proceeded to do his familiar Kata finding his body doing the movements perfect to his standards. 
He during the movements heard Ramses’ familiar voice speaking “Actually High Council, a certain somebody who annoys us says that he’s is obsessed with doing those movements due to repeatedly doing them regardless of how his body is feeling even forcing himself to do it while sick with a medical ailment.”
He continued to do his Kata while hearing Ramses pause then continued talking “Alright which one of you jokers put the Tee Dee serum in Horus’s sleep tube? It’s obvious that he has that from the way he’s doing combative art movements that are twin to the movements he did before being placed asleep so spill it now. The High Council insists on this and I’m just following orders.”
He heard nothing more from Ramses as he reached the end of his Kata to end with a bow and felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands that he sensed belonged to the Falcons straighten up his form. He found he was in the High Council’s throne room and noticed Barry standing nearby a glare on the male’s face that was aimed at him. 
He heard from Shad “Produce Lance Richard now.” 
Jinks heard from Lance mentally “Let me through I know what the High Council is up to and can counterattack it.” 
He obeyed to keep the Master in control to find himself floating above his body to see it shift into Lance Richard that took off the crown off his head but continued to hold it in his hands. 
Jinks watched as the scene went black to find himself on the beach sensing clothes on his form and felt a tap on his shoulder which he looked to see Ajax standing next to him that spoke “Father.” 
He folded his arms and spoke “You want to admit this bit about me having bad eyesight for a bunch of cycles told off to not have any medical procedure to fix them along with suddenly finding them in good health after yanked out of a tube?”
He glared at Ajax who spoke sounding nervous “Ah I don’t know much about that actually.” 
Jinks’ senses blared telling him that Ajax lied shot out his hand and gagged his son on the throat. 
He sensed his mind scanned ignored the sensation to speak “You’re lying when you speak your words. Don’t tell me this bad eyesight was a stunt by the High Council medically doing something to me to make my eyes bad.”
He glared at Ajax who he felt gulped underneath his hand hold and spoke “Alright Father I admit it that bad eyesight was the result of some kind of medicine created by the High Council’s servants put in your food just to keep your body ready for put in a sleeper tube anytime they order it. Also that sleeper tube has some kind of deadly side effect to people so medicine is required for people to take into their bodies for a good amount of time before their put into it but it gives them the side effect of bad eyesight.”
Jinks gave up a growling sound and sensed Ajax become more nervous by repeatedly gulping underneath his hand hold which he heard from his son sounding scared “I want out of here now.” 
Jinks spoke “Don’t come back.” 
He forced Ajax’s eyes shut and saw his son disappear in a flash of light which he turned his form towards the three Meritanians that were all staring at him with lips in frowns. 
He heard from Ramses “Don’t even think of torturing us smarty. We can do something bad to you in response which I guarantee that you’ll regret it period.” 
Jinks folded his arms and gave the Meritanians a glare who gasped out yeows before bowing their heads followed by Ramses again speaking “I was talking to Horus, High Council so quit that torturous thing your doing to us now.” 
Jinks again heard the Meritanians give off yeows heard a growling sound off his left looked to see Lance standing there facing him with his eyes all black that twisted his form to face him by hands’ manipulations. 
He gulped sensing himself nervous as Lance spoke “Nice going smarty. Now the Meritanians will retaliate against you by doing something bad to you for that torture played on them by the High Council. Believe me they did this stunt to me and you don’t want to suffer from their angry mood.” 
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut before he could say a word came to feeling himself cold all over jerked open his eyes getting up in a fast move to find himself standing on some icy ground with snow falling from above shivering in the cold due to his naked status. He felt sleepiness and struggled to stay awake as hands familiar grabbed his arms he sensed were belonging to the Falcons and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to finding himself floating in the darkness surrounded by water that gave him warmth while feeling chains on his wrists and ankles along with the Master still in control. He felt that he could move moved his head looking around finding nothing for him to see despite squints his eyes which the darkness continued to persist despite the eyes’ movements. 
Jinks felt a headache of his mind scanned heard a voice speaking “Just close your eyes. There’s nothing for you to see anyway.” 
He jerked his hands into fists and mentally spoke “Ajax is that you?”
He felt the headache still ongoing heard “Argh how did you figure that out anyway?”
Jinks mentally spoke “You have some odd feeling towards me as in seemingly like to help me learn things around here such as the stunt of the High Council putting medicine in my food to make my eyes sight bad so that they could put me in this thing.” 
He heard in response “Well you’re my father anyway and you’re responsible for my existence so that’s one of the reasons why I have my odd feeling you say towards you.” 
He mentally spoke “Interesting explanation Ajax but wouldn’t a certain someone named Lance Richard have something to do with this odd feeling towards me?”
He heard nothing in response as the headache stopped abruptly followed by an image of Lance Richard flashed in his mind along with his father’s voice speaking “Nice going Jinks now you got Ajax scared of talking to you despite me insisting to him to do it. It’ll take awhile before Ajax gets over this scaredy cat feeling and talk to you again.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Why am I hearing from you now instead of the other times I sensed myself in this thing?”
Jinks got from Lance “Just shut your eyes Jinks and sleep. Let me handle getting you out on a permanent basis so sleep.” 
He felt the urge to shut his eyes hit him gave up a growling sound hearing glass cracking sounds to him along with suddenly finding himself lying on a metal floor and felt a gloved hand clamp over his mouth cutting off his noises. Jinks felt an urge to sleep hit him kept his eyes shut and felt himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes to see with annoyance Youngling standing over him speaking “General ordered nap time over with so get up Jihadi and teach us combative art. Don’t expect us to get the teaching in one lesson so get up and teach.”
He felt annoyance take hold gave up a spitting sound and resumed shutting his eyes only to feel himself yanked off the bed onto the floor and left then followed by Youngling’s voice speaking “The High Council borrowing you must have put you in a bad mood so stop it now and get up and teach us recruits combative art or we’ll make you regret it.” 
Jinks jerked open his eyes to throw himself up into a standing position and stood towering over Youngling who flared all black eyes which he heard from Lance abruptly “Just drop the attitude and do what the General and recruits expect you to do. It’ll make life being there easier for you plus I’m pretty sure you can get more naps later.” 
Jinks without a word walked towards the entrance to the barrack sensing Youngling following him which he walked out into the sun he saw was high above in the sky shining brightly. 
Jinks went to the gym room to find the General there along with recruits which Fatherland spoke “I insist you teach combative art and do it now.” 
He obeyed finding himself needing to do karate got the General and recruits into doing drills him demonstrating the moves and ordering them to copy him doing them. He figured that doing karate would help his foul mood and help him calm down enough to think straight. Jinks after drills were done got the General and recruits into pairs and ordered them to spar fight which he went to each pair giving out instructions and corrections on how to knock their opponent off their feet and continued doing that till a horn was heard very loudly. 
He gave off the halt command once the horn ended its noises and eyed the General how spoke “That was the High Council. Judging by the sunlight its time for dinner so go eat.”
He heard one speak “General, Youngling’s been borrowed.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as the General gave up a harrumph sound before pointing a finger at the gym’s door and jabbed at its direction. He took it as his cue to leave the gym room to go to the Food Court which he went and got some food and sat slowly taking his time with the nourishment with Flyer and Library seated at the table next to him. Jinks once finished leaned back with a frown on his face letting his thoughts wander about what the High Council were really doing to Youngling despite his status of being borrowed. 
He heard nothing from Lance only heard a clapping noise and eyed the General who made it that spoke “Alright recruits move it! Put away your nourishment holders and hit the barracks for a rest! Let the laborers come and clean up the mess without us and gonoids interfering so move it!”
Jinks got up and obeyed putting away the dishes and tray which he went out to the barrack and went inside to his bunk to sit on it eyes on the recruits gathered in a corner in the room appearing to be whispering to each other while eyeing him with all black eyed looks aimed at him before resuming the whispering to each other. Jinks sighed and willed the Master through sensing that the recruits wanted a lesson on Master powers they dub Source and were discussing on how to get him to teach them what they wanted to know. Jinks heard a horn blared its noises eyed the recruits who each went to their bed lying on it which he did the same as the horn cut its noises followed by the lights above turning off. 
He heard a loud bang of the door to the barrack sliding open followed by another bang then a familiar voice speaking “Jihadi I know you can see in the dark so lead me to my bed now.”
Jinks sat up eyes on the doorway to spot Youngling standing there that appeared to be blind in the dark which he got up and walked towards the young male to take his arm and felt the man yank it out of his grip to throw a fist aimed at him which he blocked. He proceeded to block fisting and kicks aimed at him ducking and getting out of the way and proceeded to knock Youngling off his feet that landed on the back on the floor. Jinks folded his arms with a glare on his face aimed at Youngling sensing that the male wasn’t completely blind in the dark hence he expertly kicking and fisting him like he could see. He eyed Youngling who got up throwing himself up to stand and stood with arms up hands fisted eyes squinted while appearing to not see him. 
He kept his form still heard Youngling speaking sound sarcastic “Admit it you coward that you can see me in the dark while I’m blind.” 
His senses blared telling him that Youngling was hiding something waved a hand fisted only to get that male charging towards him with hands fisted. Jinks again knocked Youngling off his feet as the male attempted a leg kick aimed at his head and kept his form still. 
He spoke “Admit it Youngling, you can see me if I move but when I’m still you cannot.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Youngling got up from the floor in an acrobatic move to stand sideways from him while having hands fisted eyes narrowed. He heard a clapping sound behind him saw Youngling look in his direction which he turned around in response to see that the clapper was the General wearing some kind of goggled glasses over his eyes. 
Jinks glared at the General who spoke “Brilliant Jihadi for figuring out what Youngling’s special talent is involving the dark. So stand down Youngling and Jihadi lead him to his bed and that’s an order.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as he went to Youngling who appeared to see him and his movements which he took the male’s arm who didn’t resist to that and led him to his bunk putting the teenager’s hand on the bed’s ladder rung. Jinks went to sit on his bed and looked around the room spotting the General gone from sight and frowned eyeing the door to Fatherland’s quarter recalling hearing no door manipulation sounds eyed it with a frown. 
He got up and walked to the door to hear Youngling’s voice speaking loudly “Last time someone tried that door Fatherland assassinated him in front of us in the morning. You’re his replacement due to that its, that guy’s bed you’re using, Jihadi.” 
He halted his walking to frown sensing Youngling was telling the truth eyed the door and heard from Lance “Don’t go there Jinks. Believe me I know what happened to that recruit and it isn’t pretty.” 
He spoke out loud as something came to his mind “Fatherland isn’t like any one of us in the same situation but is something else.” 
Jinks stiffened as the scenery changed to show darkness as he felt water all around him while feeling chains on his body along with feeling something like a bandage covering his mouth. 
He felt a headache hitting him spoke “Hello who’s this?”
Jinks heard in response was a familiar male voice speaking “Argh alright father I admit it that the High Council have a Highlander in hook up to some computer that is controlling the tubes and its functions.” 
Jinks didn’t comment in response as Ajax he assumed continued talking “Ah as for that Highlander he has been told of plans for you to be in one of the tubes which he in response has said some comment of looking forwards to the plans taking fruition in some happy tone.”
He kept his mind blank as Ajax continued his chatter “I admit it that Highlanders are blind in the dark which hybrids have demonstrated some ability to see people by their movements seeing them as some kind of cloud figure with details not clear surrounded by a dark background. That’s only limited if that person is close enough for them to detect their movements. I’m unsure of the First One terms for how to say the distance is actually but in Highlander terms it’s enough to do a jump kick aimed at the person’s front.”
Jinks heard silence from Ajax mentally spoke “Oh interesting I guess so get me out of this thing to do my duty which you know what it is.” 
He heard in response “Sorry father you’ll have to wait for a certain time period once it’s obvious your duty has done its part. The High Council has balked doing tests on Highlander females after they are either implanted or mated with a male. Reason is that the female has mysteriously lost the offspring after a test was done on her to indicate her carrying status which this has happened too many times to count. Lucky First Ones have managed to create the carrying for a very short time frame which the High Council still can’t figure out how that can happen to their own people’s females. The Meritanians have been detected keeping the information out of High Council hands and balking on saying how that carrying status is created. Ugh as a result it’s about nine First Ones’ weeks for a female servant to carry an offspring before birthing it from some sleeping status she undergoes at her seventh week.”
 Jinks in response thrust his head forwards feeling it connect with something hard while hearing glass breaking sounds and came to feeling himself lying on a metal floor and jerked open his eyes to see Ajax leaning over him who placed a gloved hand on his forehead and he felt sleepiness passed out unconscious. 
Jinks came to finding himself lying on a bed which he jerked open his eyes and sat up seeing he was in a familiar room belonging to the High Council for bodies of the coma and dead. He heard a rumbling and felt a vibration quickly got up from the bed and stood with arms up hands fisted while hearing the noise become louder in one direction which he saw was Mesen heading towards him. Jinks snarled some growl as Mesen came at him swinging ropey arms which he used karate to block and duck only to get the rope around his neck in some gagging hold. He felt electrical currents running from Mesen into him that cancelled his charging ability as he struggled from Mesen’s hold. He felt a stinging pain in his chest like a needle dart and felt himself falling unconscious. 
Jinks woke up with a gasp finding himself lying on his bed in the penthouse apartment which the scene changed to show the room was a bedroom belonging to the High Council as the scene again changed to show a jail cell.
Jinks brought hands to his forehead and screamed out “No!”
He yelled “Stop it now! This ends now! Help me now!”
He repeated his words till the scenes stopped as a door formed in his mind he recognized as Darkness and watched as the door slid shut. 
He groaned as memories of a female spilled in his mind which made him swear “That bitch. Who is she to hide secrets from me?!”
He snarled a growl removing his hands from his forehead to find himself lying in the gym room wearing pajama clothing on his form which was drawstring pants and a tank top. He felt a hand shaking his arm which he looked to see the familiar female was there that made him angry as he swung himself up and charged towards her grabbing her by the neck and thrusting her back to the wall. 
He spoke “Who do you think you are hiding secrets from me?”
He glared at the female who formed confusion on her face before she spoke “Jinks it’s me, Katherine your wife. Stop it now.” 
Jinks felt the urge to mate billow into him thrust the female Katherine onto the floor and released his hold on her neck to lift up her dress a nightgown he assumed and freed himself from the pants. He entered her feeling no barriers blocking him and thrust in and out of her as her hands settled on his arms. He felt a headache of his mind scanned ignored the sensation as he spilled himself inside her. Jinks felt the floor change from padded to metal which he figured he was in the High Council’s throne room did another round of mating towards the female he figured wasn’t Katherine but someone wearing a mask to look like her. He once done pulled out and adjusted his pants and got up from the floor to feel his arms grabbed by the Falcons bare handed he noticed. Jinks eyed the female who disappeared in a flash of light. He eyed the High Council which the speakers he noticed had heads bowed. Jinks mentally charged up his body and heard awks from the Falcons as they released their holds on his arms. He darted out of the room heading towards the gate room and entered it only to feel a stick connect with his ankles from below which he threw himself in an acrobatic move on the floor and kept heading towards the gate only to hear a familiar male voice speaking familiar gibberish which made him halt his charge standing still. Jinks sensed the Master still in control turned around and saw Barry standing nearby as he felt himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who took off the crown off his head but kept a hand hold on it. Jinks found himself on the beach facing the Meritanians who appeared to be scrutinizing him which he kneeled and peered through Lance’s eyes finding the view showed the High Council’s throne room and Barry standing in his line of sight holding the crown up before backing away and lowering the hand holding it. Jinks felt a gagging sensation jerked open his eyes and stood up raising a hand mentally ordering a shield to form which he glared at Ajax who folded his arms. 
Ajax he glared at spoke “About time we talked face to face instead of some tube.” 
Jinks removed the shield and walked up to Ajax who appeared to gulp which he kissed his son on the cheek and forced his eyes shut before resuming kneeling peering through Lance’s eyes. 
He again felt the gagging got up with annoyance as Ajax spoke “That kiss was disgusting and don’t do that again.” 
Jinks felt the gagging stop glared at Ajax who added “Fathers don’t kiss sons. Only mothers do it.” 
He didn’t comment in response saw Ajax look more nervous as he felt his form twisted to face the Meritanians by hands’ manipulation and saw the hands belonged to Lance with crown on and eyes narrowed who spoke “Ajax you don’t know First Ones when it comes to raising offspring. Fathers do kiss sons but that’s when it’s appropriate which it wasn’t with Jinks doing it to you.” 
He kept his mouth shut to feel his eyes forced shut to find himself floating in a tube feeling a device on the back of his neck which he again heard Ajax’s mental voice sounding in his mind “I wouldn’t destroy the tube if I were you. The High Council made it clear that their toleration towards you destroying their tubes has ended. It means that they kill you and I mean it with that. The High Council has pulled that before so don’t you dare do any destruction towards the tube.” 
Jinks felt annoyance take hold blinked his eyes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room with Ajax nearby which he growled an annoyed sound as Shad spoke “Alright Ramses we get your point so transport Horus back now.”
He again felt himself back in the tube feeling his mind stopped scanning thrust his head towards only to feel pressure on it holding it back. He felt annoyance take hold again felt the pressure as he tried to thrust his head forwards. He shut his eyes feeling sleepy to dream of a grass cliff while standing on it wearing pants. He frowned wondering what was going on to feel a hand on his shoulder and looked to see himself with shorter hair and black clothing staring at him. 
Jinks frowned as himself spoke sounding familiar “You’re a leader with servants serving you. Let your servants do the work in bettering your situation now. I suggest you do what I said for you’re a leader. Don’t forget that what leaders order servants obey and they’ll do it without question.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut came to finding himself still floating in the tube only to hear a glass breaking sound to find himself lying on metal floor and arms grabbed by gloved hands that felt humanoid than Falcons’ familiar hands. He jerked open his eyes as he was half dragged and half walked which he saw the hands’ owners were two masked Highlanders having mouths in thin lines. Jinks frowned as a third came into view and put a blindfold on covering his eyes and he felt himself still escorted by hands still on his arms. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Get me out of this situation now.”
He heard a meow and heard screams from the Highlanders all around him which he felt the hands’ holds gone. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Free me now.”
He jerked as he felt the chains restraining him fell off and reached a hand towards the blindfold which he yanked off and felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons having gloves covering their hands while in the High Council’s throne room. Jinks eyed a servant standing in the room back to him whom he waved a hand mentally ordering the male’s heart organ to cease function and saw the order obeyed while hearing an alarm sound sounding loudly. 
Jinks heard from Shad abruptly “Tell the truth Horus did you kill the servant?”
He clamped his mouth shut as Barry he saw walked into view speaking “The answer is yes Jinks and I expect you to say it. Don’t deny that you did that.” 
Jinks heard from Lance in response “Repeat what I’m going to say.”
He obeyed speaking “Yes I ended his life. You’ll find that his beater organ has stopped. I could have killed you any time I wanted but didn’t bother to do it despite being capable of doing it.” 
He heard from Shad “Ramses transport Horus into a tube.” 
He mentally spoke in response “Keep me out of a tube belonging to the High Council period unless medically unable to live.” 
He got from Ramses “Sorry High Council there’s a complication happening that I have to tell you. We found a Seer.” 
He heard from Onya “Transport that Seer to us now.” 
Jinks saw a light flash meter or two in front of him showing a male Human who looked at him with all white Shadonian eyes while wearing a grey robe with a belt around the waist. 
He eyed the male he assumed was called Seer who looked at the High Council and spoke sounding odd “My prophecy is not for the one dub Horus to hear.” 
He felt the Falcons released their holds on his arms and found himself in the brig belonging to the High Council along with a sick feeling inside him threw up repeatedly along with collapsing onto the floor. 
He gagged feeling himself choking as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking “The High Council order medical personal to attend to Horus in the brig and do what it takes to keep him alive period.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks jerked open his eyes finding himself lying on some bed underneath a spotlight while wearing pants and a tank top that suspiciously felt like pajamas to him. He looked around and saw a familiar female come into view holding a syringe needle in her hand with a glare on her face. Jinks thrust out fist as she aimed the syringe at his arm and pushed her away from him. He heard her groan along with a bang sound that reminded him of a gate. He sat up finding that he was in a large open ceiling cage surrounded by darkness and swung his legs off the bed as the female he recognized as Katherine charged towards him. 
He spoke “You love me and you wouldn’t do what your doing Katherine.” 
He got from Katherine who halted her charge while still holding the syringe “I don’t love you and I’m sick of lying to you about using you for my own purposes. I should have done this long ago.” 
Jinks spoke “I love you.” 
He got from Katherine “Well I don’t.” 
He smirked figuring out that Katherine was really a female Highlander wearing a mask of his wife’s face. 
Jinks spoke in some laughing tone as the female took a step towards him “You’re not Katherine.”
He got from the female “I am Katherine and don’t deny it now.” 
He gave up a burst of laughter which got the female to frown showing nervousness in her eyes as he added from memory flashing in his mind “Katherine always said these words whenever I said the words ‘I love you’ and it doesn’t matter if she’s angry at me or not for she always said them period which I know that Highlanders can’t say it no matter how they try.” 
He got from the female a loud gasp along with her charging towards him which he sensed the Master in control waved a hand mentally ordering paralysis and saw it hit home by the female collapsing onto the ground dropping the syringe. Jinks got up and went to the female to feel the back of her neck which he felt the familiar hook and yanked off the mask only to feel a stinging pain on his left arm which he saw had a syringe jutting from it that was identical to the syringe he saw in her hands. 
He shifted towards the female to see she was a Highlander who got up from the floor speaking “Nice try but your powers can be blocked if you have them yourself.”
He fell to his knees seeing her eyes become black followed by the female giving off a laughing sound which he waved a hand mentally ordering her beater organ to stop seeing her arms were folded. He saw her roll her eyes and collapsed onto the floor while hearing a familiar alarm sound and felt himself feeling rage running through him. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Free me from the High Council’s hand hold and make sure it’s on a permanent basis without visits to them without my permission.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes sliding to the floor and came to feel rumbling vibrations on his chest that felt familiar along with feeling himself in a familiar bed which he jerked open his eyes to stare at the penthouse’s ceiling. Jinks raised his head to eye the cat sitting on his chest he saw was all black with green eyes and he stiffened sensing the gonoid was a male instead of the usual female he normally gets. He eyed the cat he figured he’ll call Sable for his black fur that got off of him to sit on haunches next to him. Jinks sat up and swung his legs off the bed to sense a light show along with Sable hissing very loudly in some angry tone. He looked at the light source to see that it was Barry who sat down in a chair and leaned back staring at him. 
Jinks narrowed his eyes staring at Barry who spoke “About time you got the lesson people have been trying to teach you to learn.” 
He didn’t comment in response heard Sable’s hissing get louder spoke “Cut it Sable.”
He heard the hissing stop got from Barry “Sable? That’s an interesting name for him. It was assumed you would name him something else related to pen inks.” 
Jinks spoke “Barry, you know that I don’t like that name from being around me long enough.”
He stared at Barry who spoke “I get it your point Jinks.” 
Jinks heard Barry speaking gibberish stiffened as an image of himself contained in a tube flashed in his mind along with appearing to be screaming despite tape covering the mouth with chained wrists and hands clenching into fists and unclenching back and forth and head up with neck bared. 
He continued to stiffen as the image persist flashing in his mind as he heard Barry speak not using gibberish “That’s why your not contained in a tube as ordered by the High Council, Jinks. You proved to be too dangerous to be contained even to the High Council, their servants and their machines.” 
Jinks blinked his eyes while staring at Barry who added “I’ll see you in the dining room.” 
He stared at Barry who got up from the chair and walked out of the room shutting doors behind him. Jinks heard a meow from Sable who got onto his lap rubbing his body on his front. He sighed and petted Sable then removed the cat feeling like needing to use the bathroom and its facilities went inside. 
Jinks came out dressed in black clothing consisted of dress pants, a buttoned top and black shoes over socks. He sighed from feeling himself better went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to frown seeing a blond male Highlander wearing a suit similar to a butler’s uniform standing there that appeared to look nervous before clearing throat loudly. Jinks glared at the Highlander that pointed a finger at his eyes and jabbed the finger at him. 
He sensed the Master in control willed it away to glare at the male who spoke sounding like composure regained “Master Jinks, I’m your butler McCork is the name.” 
He spoke “Who are the cook and servant serving him?”
He got from McCork he assumed he’ll call him “Ah the cook is dubbed Pirate by people due to that he’s always wearing an earring despite it not common for males to do that and the servant serving him is his sister Riella.” 
He spoke as McCork stopped talking “Well how do you stand my pet gonoid dub Sable hanging around here?”
He got from McCork “Ah by avoidance sir and interesting name calling him Sable. A version related to pen ink was assumed he’ll be called.” 
Jinks spoke “Just tell me is breakfast ready on the table for me.” 
He got from McCork “Actually I have to go into the kitchen to tell Pirate to take the food out of the warming drawer which Riella will bring it out. It wasn’t clear on when you’ll wake up sir. I also think that I’ll be doing that for awhile till its apparent your fine physically and mentally.” 
He didn’t comment in response walked away sensing McCork following him which he went to the dining table and sat down noticing Barry seated who appeared to have eyes shut with some concentration look on his face. Jinks frowned hearing the kitchen doors bang its noises ignored it to eye Barry who continued to keep his eyes shut and concentration look on his face. He heard the kitchen doors bang looked away to frown seeing a female manoid wearing some dress with an apron while appearing to be a Hybrid of a Highlander and Human but noticed that her ears were cut similar style as Ajax who placed a tray on the table in front of him while giving him a glare look on her face. Jinks looked away and found himself hungry took his time eating the food feeling like he should be doing that instead of fast eating. He again took his time gulping down the drink then once done push aside the tray and folded his arms to see Riella he assumed take the tray and enter the kitchen which he heard a throat clearing noise coming from Barry. 
Jinks looked at Barry who spoke “I see you met your new butler. Don’t mind McCork hanging around here as your servant. He was the only one found to be approved and qualified for the job.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Barry continued “Ah as for your cat someone got it in their minds that you should have one and refused to take no for an answer when giving Sable to you. Accept him anyway, for he’ll give you lasting companionship and loyalty like you expect from him.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Barry’s words as the Builder again spoke sounding in gibberish which he stiffened getting the familiar image flashing in his mind along with sensing it was from someone’s eyesight by the position of where he was and the view. He continued to see the image appear to shake as if the person was off balanced that became quite violent as the tube he saw himself in shattered in pieces followed by himself falling out of it landing onto the metal floor at the person’s feet. He continued to view himself still having head up while shaking head making screaming motions and hands unclenching and clenching into fists repeatedly over and over as the eyesight tip tossed towards him to appear to kneel. He saw a black gloved hand come into view putting a hand on him self’s forehead and saw his body’s movements went still as the shaking stopped abruptly. Jinks frowned seeing that in his mind as it stopped and then he stared at Barry focusing on the Builder who had a serious expression on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “Yes you get it what happened I was trying to get you to get it the lesson I’m teaching you.” 
He continued to frown as Barry kept talking “That scenario wasn’t the only place where destruction was caused by your elemental power of earthquakes. The High Council tried various methods to contain you asleep with similar destructive results happening. They haven’t figured out why you’re doing it despite you deep scanned by them to give an explanation.” 
He didn’t comment in response as Barry paused to give him a familiar glaring stare look which he spoke “Barry don’t expect me to know the answer either.” 
He got from Barry was the glare becoming more glaring along with the eyes narrowed and eyes turning golden. 
Jinks sighed softly and heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Jinks, just admit it that something spooked you enough to scream in terror while contained by the High Council that caused your powers to go off the meter.” 
He frowned hearing that mentally spoke “I don’t get it what you’re talking about for I don’t remember it.” 
He heard from Lance “Jinks how well you know yourself anyway?”
He stiffened hearing that question as the memory of himself contained in a tube flashed in his mind which he shut his eyes focusing himself to concentrate on the memory. He continued to see himself appearing to scream with head up while having hands unclenching and clenching and stiffened from memories of himself as a child and over the years grown up till his body was destroyed making that body motion when asleep having nightmares from time to time with time varies on them. 
He spoke out loud opening his eyes “I remember now, Barry something I dreamed spooked me enough to act out in fear physically while dreaming of the nightmare. I remember doing that body movement as a child repeatedly and this continued over the years even when I was grown up which it varied whenever it hits.”
He frowned to stare at Barry who continued to give him the glare along with golden eyes which he exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “I’m not sure I remember what it is that spooked me.” 
He heard from Lance “Yes you do Jinks. You remember what it is and is in denial about it having never fully accepted it.” 
Jinks jerked as the memory of his dream flashed in his mind which he gave out a scream only to feel a hand covering his mouth abruptly cutting off his noises as he widen his eyes along with feeling another hand on the top of his head keeping him in the chair. He fisted his hands and unclenched them shutting his eyes as the dream took its course in his mind seeing it went too fast for him to register then it stopped which he jerked open his eyes. Jinks felt the hands holds off of him to see that the hands belonged to Barry who sat down and stared at him with a glare on his face. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “You owe an explanation, Katherine and don’t deny it was you doing it to Jinks. I saw you very clearly doing that stunt to him.” 
He stiffened from Barry’s words as Barry gave him a glare which he heard from Lance “Ah I should have remembered that Charon could inhibit people to do things while in people’s bodies which one of them inhibit you causing that nightmare as a side effect to the inhibition making you screaming in terror while getting your earthquake power off the meter in the process as well.”
He heard from Barry sounding annoyed “Frankly I’m disappointed with your attitude towards Jinks which should be put aside now that you’re no longer in his life.” 
Jinks eyed Barry who continued to talk sounding like having a conversation with something hidden “Shouldn’t you be keeping an eye on your son, Robert? You never know when the High Council will pull something onto him.” 
He felt annoyance take hold glared at Barry willing the Master through and spoke as Barry paused “Leave Robert out of this conflict now and do the same with Victoria. Leave them out of this.” 
He got from Barry “I could have done what Jinks suggested towards his offspring but this latest stunt forced my hand so sorry both won’t be out of the conflict anyway.” 
Jinks snarled out feeling himself angry “Whose side are you on Barry anyway?”
He got a golden eyed glare from Barry to hear from the Builder gibberish speaking and found himself falling backwards onto metal floor to feel his arms grabbed by the Falcons’ familiar holds sensing that they were wearing gloves. 
He glared at the High Council to find Barry in vicinity who spoke “It was Katherine in her Charon form inhibiting Horus that caused him to have some bad dream enough to set him off repeatedly hence the damage.” 
He glared at Barry and heard from Shad “Interesting what do you recommend we do about this situation since it’s obvious that we can’t contain Horus thanks to the Charon’s interference?”
He got from Barry “Target his offspring and hit them hard.” 
Jinks yelled out “No! Leave them out of this now!”
His yelling was silenced by a hand gloved covering his mouth which he discovered belonged to Anubis who had ears flat on top of his head with eyes narrowed in a glare.
Jinks heard from Shad “Fine we’ll do what you recommend, Barry and will authorize it. Get Horus to the brig, Ramses.” 
He felt himself freed found the scene changed to show a familiar cell belonging to the High Council which he felt his knees weak crumbled to the ground to kneel wrapping arms around his middle while rocking his form mumbling the names of Robert and Victoria over and over. He stiffened as the image of himself still in the tube screaming flashed in his mind which he halted his rocking to focus on it shutting his eyes mentally forcing himself to relieve it. 
He got from Lance abruptly “Argh that father of mine. I said some nasty things to him that he took it hard and is angry at me hence he retaliating by letting the High Council targeting your offspring or should I say my offspring since it’s my body you’re inhibiting.”
Jinks stiffened in response continued to concentrate on the image of himself screaming in a tube flashing in his mind mentally willing himself to focus on it due to sensing something was odd about the situation. 
He continued to hear from Lance “Hmph even the Meritanians are finding this funny and their laughing again growl.”
Jinks jerked open his eyes gasping as he realized what Lance was saying and spoke uncaring if he spoken it out loud or not “It was the Meritanians who pulled this stunt onto me not Katherine in her Charon form.”
He heard in response “You hear that Meritanians? You can’t pull anything over me for I’ll always know of it no matter what stunt you pulled. It’s a no wonder the High Council have me serving them due to that you been repeatedly pulling jokes onto them which they have fallen for it only to regret it later.” 
He gasped recognizing the voice as Barry’s shift towards the cell gate to spot Barry behind them flaring golden eyes while having a High Council member standing next to him his senses blared telling him was Ajax. 
He stared at Barry with a frown as he heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “Oh what spoilsport your being Barry. Can’t you take a joke around here and let it slide?”
He eyed Barry who spoke “Hmph I don’t find this funny Ramses. Your joke ruined the High Council’s plans for Horus now that they’ll have to figure something else for him.” 
Jinks frowned standing up as he heard from Ramses “Yeow! Can’t you take a joke around here High Council? Why must Barry ruin our fun anyway? Harrumph.” 
He heard from Lance “Hah I think that joke was well played, Jinks hence you out of being contained in some tube.” 
He stiffened to frown keeping his arms folded and turned to face Barry and Ajax which he heard from his son “What did Predecessor say to you father? Don’t deny it I can sense him talking to you.” 
He kept his mouth shut in response got from Barry “Let me guess he said that the Meritanians’ joke was well played as in them purposely pulling that stunt to get you out of containment and from a tube as well.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as he heard from Ajax “Argh the High Council isn’t going to be happy hearing about this.”
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke in gibberish followed by Ajax appearing to be getting a headache by the movements then straighten up form to stare at him back who he felt confused as to what the Builder did. He continued to frown as Barry continued to speak gibberish followed by Ajax disappearing in a flash of light followed by the lights above abruptly shutting themselves off with night vision flaring in his eyes. 
Jinks stared at Barry who spoke “You’re not the only ones who’s manipulating things around here. Besides the First Ones have a saying keep your friends close and your enemies closer. Just be warned I’m doing what it takes to have my purposes achieved period and I don’t care if they agree with the High Council and their views or not. My purposes will be achieved period.” 
He opened his mouth and got from Barry speaking gibberish who disappeared in a flash of light followed by the lights turning on above which he saw masked Highlanders appear into view by flashes of light holding gun weapons in their hands that were thrust in front of them waving it. He kept his mouth shut in response went to the mattress to sit down back leaning against the wall eyes on the Highlanders who ran out of sight. 
Jinks frowned felt sleepy heard from Lance “I want to talk to you.”  
He shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who thrust his form sideways facing the Meritanians which he sensed a light show off his right to see Ajax standing there glare on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Ajax spoke “Spill it Predecessor how did you rope the Meritanians into doing your dirty work as in that well played joke to free my father from containment?”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as he heard from Lance “Hah I’m not taking responsibility for that stunt Ajax. I’m putting it on the Meritanians.”
He eyed Ramses to hear from the Meritanian “Hey don’t you dare do that or else.” 
He saw Ramses point a finger at Lance which he heard from Ajax as he focused on his son “Hmph. No wonder the High Council can’t scan my mind and see what’s really going on due to that you got some hold on the Meritanians to block them out. It was you who manipulated this stunt and believe me I’ll find out how you got Barry underneath your thumb for whatever secret you have I’ll find out period.” 
He spoke “Ajax what do you mean Barry is serving my father when its obvious he’s serving the High Council by showing loyalty towards them in my presence?”
He heard an Hmph from Lance as Ajax spoke “Isn’t it obvious that Barry is playing what you First Ones calls Double Agent as in playing both sides father.” 
He frowned hearing that as Ajax continued talking “I should tell you that I did some research and there’s reports of unexplained sabotage done to the High Council and that the acts started the moment Barry wound up serving the group too many cycles ago. Isn’t it obvious that Barry is playing both sides manipulating things around here?”
He again heard the same familiar sound from Lance spoke “Then why aren’t the Meritanians aren’t blabbing about this?”
He heard from Ramses “Don’t you dare put this joke onto us smarty.” 
He shifted to look at Ramses who had a finger pointed in his direction which he heard Ajax speak as the Meritanian folded his arms “Actually didn’t a certain somebody oath that the High Council will stop torturing the Meritanians? I did my research on the machines done to torture the Meritanians. Their pretty damaged from the earthquakes set off by my father repeatedly and that the High Council think their still working by the Meritanians giving off noises of pain due to some machinery sensor rigged by a certain somebody to tell the plants that their on.” 
He got from Lance “Oh force his eyes shut now.”
Jinks obeyed to turn facing Lance who spoke “Alright I admit it I oath to the Meritanians that there was a way of stopping the pain torture done on them and they believed me when it’s apparent that your earthquakes stopped the pain.”
He heard Ramses’ familiar question felt his eyes forced shut to come to finding himself lying in bed wearing pants and a tank top that felt like pajamas with Sable no where in sight along with a faint female voice speaking “Jinks help me.”
Jinks sat up and looked around the room as the voice continued which he jerked when he saw a female Charon kneeling on the floor looking solid with form looking like cracks all over while having arms wrapped around her form. He stiffened darted out of bed and ran towards her putting hands on her face to feel the skin crack away showing a familiar female face he saw with recognition was Katherine. 
Jinks spoke “Katherine?”
He heard from Katherine “Yes Jinks it’s me.” 
He spoke “I love you.” 
Katherine he hugged spoke “I love you too Jinks.” 
He hugged her and the let go to push off the cracked skin showing her form looking the same as her form on her deathbed dying from cancer. Jinks hugged her again and felt Katherine stiffen. 
He looked at Katherine in the face and felt her hands touching his cheeks followed by her kissing him on the lips which he heard Lance’s familiar words speaking “Her baby carrier has been removed.” 
Jinks broke off the kiss to speak “Katherine your back and that’s all that matters to me.” 
He saw a stricken look on Katherine’s face stiffened as she spoke in a voice that chilled him “I think not, not by how I’m feeling for I suspect the cancer is still there.” 
He didn’t protest as she kissed him and then felt her break it off to add “Hug me Jinks.” 
Jinks obeyed hugging her sensing her life slipping away as her breathing got lesser and lesser which he felt himself getting angry as she slowly slipped away and sensed no life from within her body. He felt rage take control gently removed Katherine off of him and stood up staring at her shaking his head in a Human style no gesture. He felt the rage take control charged towards the armchair picking it up and threw it at the closet doors seeing them shatter at the impact. He picked up the other armchair and again aimed at the closet’s opening hearing a loud crunch from that. He blinked his eyes finding himself transported in the High Council’s throne room to feel his arms grabbed by the Falcons. Jinks willed the Master through to mentally order his body to charge with electricity and felt the Falcons’ hold give away by them giving out awks sounds as he charged towards Anubis who faded from view he sensed had escaped leaving the room. Jinks willed away the electricity and went to one of the unconscious Falcons and kneeled bringing his fist into the gonoid head warrior’s front not caring where his fist landed but kept on punching as rage continued to control him. He heard cracking sounds that reminded him of bone crunching felt softness went to the other Falcon and punched hard along with hearing the familiar noises till he sensed a presence behind him spun around bringing a hand fist in front of him onto the intruder. He felt the fist hit home along with a thud which he got up and darted towards the noise to find a masked Highlander appearing to be unconscious in front of the wall which he picked up by the neck and again brought his fist into the male’s front not caring where the hand fisted landed. He sensed another presence behind him seemingly familiar released the Highlander to turn around in fast move throwing a fist into the intruder’s front he met was a High Council member his senses blared.
Jinks ignored the senses’ blaring to see the High Council member hit the wall high above him and heard a familiar voice speaking “Ramses transport Barry here and have him take care of Horus for the latest stunt he’s pulling.” 
Jinks turned around facing the High Council and darted towards them as Ramses’ voice was heard along with headache “Sorry High Council, Barry is some what occupied at the moment with some Builders attacking him who by mind scans would be abusive towards me if I used my transportation power on him.” 
He broke into a jog towards the speakers to head towards them seeing them raise their weapons aimed at him. 
Jinks mentally ordered his body to charge of electricity as he mentally spoke “I’m going to kill you. You’ll pay for Katherine’s suffering.” 
He reached the speakers to throw his hands unclenched onto their arms and felt the electricity take effect knocking them out and darted towards the High Council who got up from their seats meeting his charge as he cancelled the electricity. Jinks used karate to defend himself as he noticed one of them dart down the steps appearing to be heading out of the room. He felt himself grabbed in tight ironclad holds by the High Council members as he growled and felt the rage go away abruptly leaving sadness hitting him. Jinks opened his mouth and screamed a roaring echoing very loud cry of anguish. He continued to scream nonsense sounds while screaming out the name of Katherine over and over feeling himself terribly sad. He felt the High Council’s hold on him slip off of him along with multiple cracking sounds heard which he continued to scream out his noises. Jinks kneeled still screaming putting hands on his forehead as tears flowed abruptly running down from his eyes. He continued to cry and scream as he sensed a presence seemingly familiar and comforting him coming towards him along with words Ay Kabaiya said over and over in a familiar voice tone as he felt himself comforted but kept on screaming. He felt the presence behind him kneel and then there were familiar hands touching him pulling him to a body form that felt like a male which breathing was sensed along with a hand covering his mouth cutting off his noises. 
He heard the chanting stop felt the hand over his mouth become tight which he didn’t protest to that mentally spoke figuring out that the male was Barry “Help me, Barry. I can’t take it Katherine’s death again.”
He felt a needle prick of pain in his neck felt sleepiness shut his eyes surrendering to the darkness hitting him. 

Part: Payment Price

Jinks woke up hearing a banging noise that suspiciously sounded like a cane tapping. He jerked open his eyes finding himself lying in a cell belonging to the High Council. He sat up and got up from the mattress with a jerk finding himself still clad in his clothes but there was metal felt on his form on his ankles, wrists, and neck. Jinks frowned to hear a throat clearing noise looked to see Barry standing behind the cell gates. 
He stared at Barry sensing the Master was still in control as the Builder spoke “Humor me why are you in this cell wearing restraints hmm?”
He got Barry’s familiar glaring stare along with golden eyes which he recalled a memory hitting his mind that he attacked the High Council and servants causing injury to them and possibly death as well. 
Jinks spoke “I got some memory of me attacking the High Council’s servants and the High Council themselves causing medical conditions and that’s all I remember.” 
He stared at Barry who kept the glaring stare as he heard from Lance “Admit it what you were feeling when the attack happened and what caused you to be like that.” 
Jinks stiffened as a memory of Katherine coming back from being a Charon form flashed in his mind along with her dying in front of him that made him feel angry and he recalled attack fully.
He spoke “I was in bed asleep when I woke up abruptly to hear a faint female voice sounding familiar call me. I sat up and saw a sick Charon and darted towards her. Her form was solid and cracking in pieces which I removed the mask to reveal her as Katherine my wife who I love dearly that passed away many years ago. I thought I had her back but reality set in when she indicated that the cancer she died from didn’t get healed up and she passed away held in my arms.”
He saw Barry nod his head in a Human style bob but glaring stare remained which he added “I got very angry enough to feel rage to cause the attack. I admit it that I did stop feeling angry when the High Council had me in their hand grips and felt a terrible sadness feeling enough to scream over and over. I kept screaming as the High Council lost their grips on me till someone’s presence that I felt familiar arrived and felt comforting enough to help the pain held me and cut off my screaming. 
I also remember saying mentally while held in this comforting presence ‘Help me Barry. I can’t take it Katherine’s death again’.”
He folded his arms while staring at Barry whose eyes appeared to widen with some expression that reminded him of shock in them as he clamped his mouth shut. Jinks felt pain hitting him from the restraints refrained from making any movements as he felt his arms grabbed by familiar gloved hands and frowned seeing he was in the High Council’s throne room with Barry nearby that looked away from him face aimed at the High Council. 
Jinks looked and frowned seeing only one member was there standing on the steps his senses blared telling him it was Ajax who appeared to be wearing some listening device which he heard “High Council, Horus is here as ordered so talk and I’ll tell him what you want done.”
He eyed the chairs behind Ajax to see that they were empty of people and shifted back to Ajax who spoke “Says what do you have to say about making up the matter of this Katherine?”
Jinks stiffened hearing that heard in response sounding from Barry “This Katherine was no joke but reality.” 
He continued to stiffen as Ajax repeated Barry’s words which Barry added speaking in gibberish then cut himself off. He eyed Ajax who yanked off the ear device holding it arm length away from him which he heard faint screaming sounds that sounded in terror to him. 
He frowned as Ajax spoke in the microphone of the device “Hello? What’s going on in there? Say something anyway!”
He frowned as he felt the Falcons release their holds on his arms and felt the restraints flick off of him. He found himself back in his bedroom in the penthouse which he eyed the floor seeing where Katherine had passed away was bare and clean of any debris. He exhaled a breath to feel a familiar feeling which he ignored to feel his knees weak collapsed onto them only to sense a light show along with a hand touching his shoulder. 
Jinks sighed sensing the hand’s owner was Barry who spoke “Jinks get up and go to bed now.” 
He heard the firmness in Barry’s voice tone obeyed as Barry removed his hand. He lay in bed staring at the ceiling to feel Barry’s hand touching his forehead in some gentle rubbing motion. Jinks willed the Darkness through as if compelled to yank Barry’s hand off his forehead and got up from the bed in a fast speed move to walk passed Barry seeing a masked male Highlander having a projectile gun weapon meters away behind the Builder both having forms frozen. Jinks continued to feel the compulsion went to the Highlander and aimed the gun at the male’s chest sensing there was nothing to prevent the bullet from entering the masked person’s front and pulled the trigger which he darted towards his bed and laid his form on it along with putting Barry’s hand back onto his forehead and stared at the ceiling while willing the Darkness away from him. Jinks blinked his eyes hearing a gunshot sound very loudly which he felt Barry’s hand off him abruptly then back onto him gripping his chin to aim his face towards the Builder. 
Jinks shifted his eyes and frowned seeing a look of disappointment in Barry’s eyes who mouthed words he lip read “You should have sacrificed me, Jinks. The High Council now have a trump card and believe me they’ll use it hard.” 
Jinks stiffened as Barry’s hand left his chin and forced his eyes shut which he dreamed of Lance whose arms were folded and head bowed which he continued to stiffen seeing that there were tears flowing from his father’s eyes. 
He spoke “It wasn’t me who kept Barry alive it was you.”
Jinks got nothing from Lance who continued to silently weep tears which he brought a hand on his father’s shoulder who looked at him abruptly followed by an angry look on the male’s face who forced his eyes shut without warning. Jinks felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing a ringing noise which he jerked open his eyes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by the Falcons again. 
He straightened his form to see Barry looking at him with some glare that flashed golden eyes which made him stiffen as he saw the Builder’s mouth move “Believe it as the truth now.” 
He frowned as Barry looked away which he heard a familiar voice speaking “Ah Horus so nice of you to join us.” 
Jinks looked and saw instead of Ajax but a female form covered up in a robe of a High Council member his senses blared warning as the female removed her hood showing a familiar face that made him stiffen with recognition running through him. 
He saw that she was Katherine who spoke “It’s a shame you were fooled into thinking I was your Katherine when I was really a copy version of her actually created by the High Council who is assured that you’ll forever serve them as payment for the assassination of a group and their servants.” 
Jinks felt himself go dead hearing that opened his mouth to feel a hand gloved covering it which he sensed was Anubis that held the hand over it in a tight grip. He shook his head in a Human style no gesture while jerking his form still restrained by the Falcons whose grips remained ironclad. 
He got from Katherine’s copy twin “It’s going to be interesting having you around here Horus or should I say Jinks Montreal aka assassin servant of the High Council dubbed Jihadi?”
Jinks mentally screamed while jerking in the holds of Anubis and the Falcons as Katherine’s copy twin gave a laugh followed by her speaking “Ramses put him in the brig as ordered by the High Council now before he hurts himself.” 
He felt the hand holds off of him sensed himself back in the High Council’s brig kneeling while putting arms around his middle gently rocking his form as tears spilled down from his eyes while murmuring the name of Katherine over and over. Jinks sensed himself watched ignored the feeling as he continued to rock his form while crying and speaking out the name of Katherine. 
He heard a voice sounding familiar speaking in a firm tone he recognized as Barry’s and felt himself registering the words “Take a look you bitch at what your deal bargain has done to him. Oh he’ll pay for the group’s deaths but you’re the price tag for it.” 
He halted his rocking and name noises to hear Katherine’s familiar voice speak “Barry, so you show your true colors.” 
He looked at the cell doors to see Barry and Katherine’s copy twin there behind it and eyed the Builder who spoke “What true colors? 
You weren’t there when he said ‘Help me Barry. I can’t take it Katherine’s death.’ 
I got no instructions on what I’m supposed to do when one of my own offspring speaks the words of ‘Help me’ to me. You know I have a certain fondness towards my own offspring especially Horus is one of my own offspring as well. What should I have done then? Tell me.”
He shifted to eye Katherine’s copy twin who formed a glare on her face and she spoke “Well ignored that ‘Help me’ begging and used your parental authority to cease it period. You are really what the First Ones dub a sucker when it comes to offspring and their pathetic attempts to get attention from their own parents.”
Jinks felt himself angry got up in a fast speed move and sensed the Master still in control raised a hand mentally ordering Katherine’s copy twin to choke seeing the order obeyed by her grabbing her neck and gagging loudly. 
He narrowed his eyes to open his mouth to speak only to hear Barry speaking “Jinks let her go now! I insist as your parent you obey me now!”
He growled an angry sound very loudly as Barry continued speaking voice firmer “I said let her go now!”
He felt himself not compelled to obey stared at Katherine’s copy twin who stared at him back with anger in her eyes that changed to some pleading look which he again heard Barry repeat his words as he halted his growling. 
Jinks stared at Katherine’s copy twin and mentally willed away the choking to hear Barry speaking “Karissa, you just wait till you have offspring yourself and you’ll know what I’m feeling since you still have a baby carrier within you anyway.” 
He frowned hearing the name of Karissa to sense it was Katherine’s copy twin’s name who looked away and gave up a spitting sound and turned her back to the Builder and appeared to walk away which he heard Barry’s voice speaking gibberish in response. Jinks sensed a light show off his right looked to see Karissa with back to him that pause from walking to move her head and spun around with widen eyes while speaking “Barry you wouldn’t dare!”
He again heard gibberish from Barry felt himself getting hard heard a gasp from Karissa as he stared at her and smiled an evil sick smile at her and spoke as she stared at him with widen eyes “Well, well what do we have here a piece of meat I’m itching to sample.” 
He got a scream from Karissa followed by her speaking “Barry, get me out of here now!”
Jinks advanced towards Karissa who backed away still screaming her words along with sounding like she was screaming nonsense sounds followed by being quiet along with rubbing her throat with a hand. He again heard gibberish spoken from Barry as he in a quick speed grabbed Karissa and threw her onto the mattress onto her back and stripped her of her robe showing her naked form who showed fear in her eyes with form still and breathing hard. Jinks stripped himself of his tank top and his pants to see Karissa’s eyes appear to look him up and down along with some expression of shock in them as she moved her mouth which he lip read her saying oh my over and over. 
He laid his form on top of Karissa thrusting aside her legs and grabbing her wrists to hear Barry’s voice speaking “Don’t be rough on her, Jinks. Treat her gently.” 
He looked away towards Barry behind the bars and spoke “Shouldn’t you be elsewhere? This is not a peep show.” 
He got from Barry a golden eyed glare who spoke “Alright treat Karissa anyway you want just to let me stay here.” 
Jinks looked away and held Karissa’s wrists which he brought his mouth to her throat and kissed the area sensing her liking it as he felt charges of pleasure hitting him. He went lower and lowered kissing a path with his mouth and kept his hold on her wrists sensing no protest from Karissa who he eyed was staring at the ceiling with eyes open. Jinks sensed Karissa arched underneath him as he brought a mouth to one of her nipples sucking on it gently and did the same to her other breast’s nipple which he kissed a path to her lips. He heard nothing from Lance as he kissed Karissa on the lips sensing her doing the same from him along with her legs locking around him. He broke off the kiss to stare at Karissa in the eyes and willed the Master away from him to see a frown and a scrutiny look in her eyes staring at him. Jinks entered Karissa with his sensitive part sensing a barrier blocking the way. He continued to hold Karissa’s wrists sensing her stiffen along with her legs releasing their hold around him to see a panicky look on her face. He with a jerk thrust through the barrier pushing himself through up to the hilt to see Karissa jerk her head up baring her neck while feeling her arch underneath him sensing her in pain and in pleasure at the same time. Jinks stilled himself eyeing Karissa’s face to sense Barry watching as he stared at Karissa who lowered her head eyes still shut showing a range of emotions on her face followed by them opening with an angry look on her face with eyes not looking at him. 
He frowned as Karissa mouthed “Argh the High Council, they lied to me about this. Said I’ll suffer being in the depths.”
He frowned and saw Karissa frown eyes registering seeing he by meeting his eyes felt her stiffen underneath him with some familiar look in the eyes along with sensing something familiar from her and her body. He didn’t comment a response began moving in and out of Karissa sensing her liking it as he felt charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her while still staring at her in the eyes seeing them urge him to continue. Jinks jerked spilling himself inside Karissa feeling an intense charge of pleasure hitting him that made him again do another round of mating with her as her eyes shift to stare at the ceiling showing a far away look in them. Jinks spilled himself inside Karissa but adjusted his hands’ holds on her wrists to her hands feeling her grip them in response as he stared at her staring at the ceiling. 
He heard from Barry abruptly “That’s enough Jinks. You had your fun so get out of her now.” 
Jinks shifted to look at Barry with a glare and spoke “Fine as you wish father.” 
He looked away making a motion to pull out only to feel Karissa’s hands tighten their grips on his hands. 
Jinks stared at Karissa who met his eyes who mouthed “I love you Jinks.”
He stiffened to lower his head to Karissa’s ear and whispered “I love you too.” 
He felt Karissa’s hands’ hold off him and pulled out of Karissa to get up going to his clothes putting them on while sensing himself eyed by both Barry and her. He stood with arms folded staring at the floor hearing a groan noise from Karissa that sounded familiar and eyed her appearing to be unconscious which he heard Barry’s familiar gibberish and saw her disappear in a flash of light. 
Jinks spoke “Let me know how she makes out, out of that and the offspring is doing too.” 
He heard nothing from Barry looked away to see he was gone out of sight and spoke out loud “It figures he transported the both of them out. Oh well.” 
He heard from Lance abruptly “Jinks don’t worry Barry got it what you said. He has admitted to being tuned to me when I first had the body form and that’s when he first came to Shadan. That sense is always there and he’s always watching mentally period and it doesn’t matter who has the body you or me for he always knows what we’re both up to.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Lance’s words, mentally spoke “Don’t tell me that the High Council is aware of that hence they using him to check up on me anytime they ask.” 
He heard in response “That’s what I’m trying to find out after Barry admitted that sense to me back then after I woke up from being knocked out in some battle.”
His senses blared telling him Lance lied mentally spoke “That was a lie so tell me the truth now.” 
He heard nothing from Lance mentally yelled “Father tell me the truth!”
He heard in response “Busy don’t disturb.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Don’t give me that! I thought the Meritanians couldn’t scan your mind for you said it yourself!”
He heard nothing in response felt himself annoyed to go to the mattress to sit on it back leaning against the wall with arms still folded while staring at the cell gate. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes only to come too hearing a loud clang sound jerked looking at the cell gates to smell food. His stomach rumbled in hunger from the smell which he sighed and found food in dishware on a tray along with some black items nearby that made him think that they were clothes and shoe wear. He got up and went to the tray to sit down in front of it and forced himself to take his time taking in the nourishment. He felt that the food was familiar and similar to his own food he was given while he lived at the penthouse. He once done got up and examined the clothes to see that the pile included underwear shorts and socks which he stripped himself of his clothes and put on the black clothes he saw were some kind of jumpsuit which he put on. Jinks put on the shoes he saw were some kind of high topped sneakers which he found no trouble with the Velcro and shoelaces. Jinks exhaled a breath feeling his hair and sighed figuring out that there’ll be nothing for him to do anything about how messy his hair was. He stiffened as he felt hands grab his arms in tight ironclad holds he sensed the hands belonged to the Falcons. He found himself in the High Council’s throne room facing the High Council themselves with speakers present along with noticing Ajax there but didn’t see Barry. 
He felt nothing towards the High Council as Shad spoke “We have a mission for you Horus. It involves Karissa having your offspring. I believe you know what to do about that actually.” 
He didn’t comment as the Falcons’ holds were off him followed by multiple gasping sounds which he saw two Highlanders kneeling on the floor near Karissa wearing only a blanket on her form with abdomen bared and so swollen. 
He got from one of the medical scrubbed Highlanders was the word Horus as the other spoke “He’s real.” 
Jinks went to Karissa in response to kneel picking up her hand and gave the Highlanders a glare which he jerked his head towards her seeing them look in response. 
He eyed the Highlanders as one of them spoke “Yah looks like its time.”
Jinks verbalized the word push over and over as he looked at Karissa while gently holding her hand and glanced from her face towards the area where the baby was gently being born as one of the Highlanders attended to help her by pulling the baby. He sensed Karissa obeying to his push order by her hand grip become tight on his hand’s grip along with some concentration look on her face which he eyed the baby to see it born and saw it was a girl who wailed a loud noise. 
Jinks sighed hearing a soft groan from Karissa sensed a light flash behind him followed by a voice sounding Highlander speaking “High Council orders the family to return to them.” 
He lifted up Karissa seeing the Highlander wearing medical scrubs hand the baby girl to a masked Highlander he saw was a High Council servant and blinked his eyes finding the scene changed to find himself in the brig still holding Karissa. He eyed the cell gate to see Anubis behind it with Falcons standing nearby. He heard from Anubis a growl followed by the cell gate clanging partially open. 
Jinks didn’t comment as Anubis spoke in a loud whisper “The High Council orders me to take Karissa for medical examination.”
He formed a glare on his face as Anubis continued “Believe me I don’t want to touch her due to that she’s yours alone.” 
He didn’t comment in response walked out of the cell and handed Karissa to Anubis who faded from view which he heard growling from the Falcons and felt himself thrust to turn around along with pushed into the cell followed by the cell gate clanging behind him. Jinks went to sit down on the mattress and leaned his back on the wall staring at his hands on his lap. 
He felt himself tired shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who spoke “Karissa according to Ramses was thinking of naming the offspring if it was a male the name of Robert and if female the name of Victoria.” 
He frowned stiffening hearing that as Lance continued talking “Actually the High Council was overheard saying that they’ll name the offspring due to rudely commenting that Karissa wasn’t original with the names she thought of for the child.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out to come to hearing a loud clang which he jerked open his eyes to discover Karissa in the cell with him wearing a blue dress he recognized was Master Organization Peasant wear. 
Jinks got up and stared at Karissa who spoke “I’ve been diagnosed with cancer.”
His senses blared telling him she lied spoke “Liar you lied.” 
He got from Karissa “Jinks, this is the first time you accused Katherine of lying which I know from memories of her that you never accused her of that.” 
Jinks folded his arms and spoke as Karissa gave him a frown “Katherine lied to me various times over the years she stayed with me.” 
He heard “How did you know that she was lying? Why didn’t you confront her on that?”
He spoke “I can like the Shadonia detect lies.” 
He saw Karissa’s expression remained the same showing she wasn’t surprised by his admission which he added “You want to tell me why Katherine lied to me? I never confronted her for I was afraid of hurting her enough to stop loving me in answer to your question.”
He heard a sigh from Karissa who spoke “She wanted to confront you on your power abilities as in you giving her a full report on what they were but was afraid of doing it. Katherine thought you would be hurt from that confrontation and stop loving her. From memories of her she used various methods to test you on your strength and power abilities something Robert caught on and confronted her when he was the First One age of fifteen. It was the reason why he asked to be dubbed legally emancipated from being raised by the both of you. He didn’t want to undergo any of Katherine’s tests he figured out was pulling on you and preferred his mother to confront his father on them instead of doing various testing methods.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath from his mouth hearing Karissa’s words that went to him yanking his folded arms and then hugged him which he sighed from the feel of her. 
He felt Karissa, sensing him agree to her hugging him, tightened her hold and heard the cell gate clang open followed by a Highlander voice speaking in some rude tone “Karissa get out now.” 
Jinks looked at the cell gate to find a masked Highlander there as he sensed Karissa stop hugging him who he watched her leave going out of sight followed by the masked Highlander making a jerking motion with the head and the cell gate slammed shut with a bang sound. He felt tired went to the mattress and laid his form down on it shutting his eyes and passed out unconscious to dream of Lance who had an all black eyed glare. 
Jinks felt himself nervous as Lance spoke pointing to his eyes “What have you been naming this that makes eyes look like this anyway? I call it Source but I sense you refer it as something else.” 
He spoke “I’ve been referring it as Master.” 
He still felt nervousness as Lance gave up a harrumph sound before his father spoke “The feeling of itchiness in your back when you use that method what do you call it since I refer it as Itchy?”
Jinks spoke “I call it Darkness due to that it gives me the creeps to use it despite the itchiness in my back.” 
He again felt nervous as Lance narrowed his eyes and then his father spoke “Interesting choice of words to name those methods.” 
He heard Ramses’ familiar question felt his eyes forced shut only to come to hearing a ringing sound which he jerked open his eyes and found himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by the Falcons. He straightened up his form to see the High Council was seated in their seats with the speakers in front of them away on top of a set of steps. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Shad spoke as an image of a male Human wearing a suit flashed in front of the speakers “This is your target to assassinate. Ramses will transport you to a location near the target and you will assassinate him in any method you wish.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and felt his head covered by a mask that reminded him of a ski mask as he sensed Anubis was the one who placed it on his head. 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare at the High Council as Onya spoke “We’ll set aside you assassinating a group of us if you serve us as an assassin period or else.”
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Just go along with that. You don’t want to suffer what the ‘or else’ is actually and be sure to will the Master through now.” 
He felt confusion hitting him as Lance continued “I mean it Jinks.” 
He willed the Master through as Shad spoke “Ramses transport Horus to the location now.” 
He felt the Falcons’ holds off him and found himself on a porch facing a forest at night, house behind him he sensed illuminated by the lights and heard howling sounds that reminded him of dogs that sounded in warning to him. Jinks turned around towards the doors to put a hand on the doorknob sensing it was locked which he backed up using the Master’s powers to see inside from above. He saw no one in sight and sensed it was a lighted by lamp bedroom which he used his powers to open the doors and walked inside looking around spotting no one in sight. He felt annoyance take hold eyed the bed to see the blankets were rumbled and shifted to look towards the bottom of the bed to see a hand underneath it which he figured was a Human his target went to the bed and with great strength tipped it on its side to feel a humanoid body connect with him knocking him backwards. Jinks hit the floor and threw himself up in a karate move to meet his targeted Human charged towards him. Jinks waved a hand mentally ordering paralysis to hit the Human seeing his order obeyed who lay still head shaking with mouth moving. 
Jinks eyed the male’s mouth to lip read “Whoever sent you to kill me I’ll pay you double the amount that they said they’ll pay you just to keep me alive.” 
He didn’t respond to the comment ignored the male’s moving mouth further to mentally order the male to choke hearing a gasping sound come from him as there were door banging sounds he heard along with a feminine voice screaming out in terror along with doors banging shut. He heard a siren sound blaring ignored the sound along with multiple banging sounds then a hissing sound of air coming into the room with smoke filling that made him feel like coughing. He mentally ordered the choking and paralysis away from the male and went to the porch doors to find metal sitting where they were which he waved a hand and saw the metal lifted up which he darted out onto the porch gasping for air and felt sleepiness saw the ground change to show something that reminded him of a mattress and collapsed onto it feeling himself too sleepy to stay awake shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to feeling himself fully naked stripped of clothes and mask while lying on a bed wearing manacles on his wrists and ankles with his arms above his head which he jerked open his eyes and looked around the room finding himself in a familiar round room that belonged to the High Council. He saw a door open followed by Karissa coming into the room wearing some bathrobe that dropped it and went to him straddling him. His senses blared telling him that Karissa wasn’t really Karissa but someone else wearing a mask of her judging by her body form not looking like hers. 
He spoke sensing the Master in control “You’re not Karisssa.”
Jinks glared at the female he assumed was a Highlander who shrugged and removed the face showing his hunch was correct and watched her tossed aside the mask. 
He glared at her as she spoke holding up a rolled piece of paper and unrolled it to thrust it at his face “I believe this is a paper version of the electronic document you signed agreeing to be a breeder for the High Council.” 
He gave up a growling sound as the female tossed aside the paper and folded her arms while staring at him with a glare. 
Jinks halted his noises as he spoke “I mate with Karissa alone period so get off or I’ll shock you off.” 
He heard from the female in response “Argh Horus this mating isn’t for breeding but to help you heal from a drug that was found in your system which mating with a Highlander can only get your body to remove that medicine out. Satisfied?”
He glared at the female sensing her words were the truth spoke “I don’t mate just single with a female its always double period and don’t blame me for that-“
He was interrupted “I know of that Horus. Excuse me.” 
He glared at the female who adjusted her position and felt himself entering her and didn’t say a word as she rocked him despite him feeling charges of pleasure each time he entered her and spilling inside her as well. Jinks kept his mouth shut as the female again did another round of mating with him and again felt the familiar feelings each time he entered her and spilled inside her followed by once done she getting up from him and going to her bathrobe to put on and left the room door slamming behind her. He felt the chains break apart sighed to get up and swung his legs off the bed rubbing his wrist with a hand. He felt an odd feeling hitting him heard a clanging noise behind him stood up and looked to see an object that looked like a pail lying on its side like it was dropped from the ceiling. 
He heard from Lance “Jinks use that thing for the sickness your feeling now.” 
He obeyed going to the pail to right it up on its bottom then felt a familiar urge sighed and stood over the pail rolling his eyes feeling himself removing toxins from his system that seemed lengthy. He sighed once done to hear another clanging noise behind him to see another pail with an object sitting on top of it figured what it was for went to it and again released the toxins within him. He once done wrinkle his nose from the stink and felt too tired to bother going to the bed to sit down which he sat on the floor crossed legged and made sure to face the door. He felt sleepiness sighed and adjusted his position to lie on his side and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks heard a bang sound jerked open his eyes his nose smelling food which he found himself back in the High Council’s cell wearing his familiar assassin wear clothes and shoes on his form head bare of mask. He sighed and got up going to the tray holding dishware of food which he sat and forced himself to take his time eating the food and drinking the drink. Once done he got up and went to the middle of the cell to sit and did his stretching exercises followed by swinging himself up and proceeded to do his karate along with drills. 
He finished recalled himself doing acrobatic drills heard from Lance abruptly “That’s enough Jinks. Save your strength period.” 
He exhaled a breath and went to the mattress to lean his back against the wall and stared at the cell gate with a frown to see Barry walk into sight who stood with a familiar glaring stare look. 
Jinks sighed recalling the aborted assassination spoke “The target seemed to anticipate my arrival by hiding underneath the bed when I arrived into the room. He had gonoids surrounding his home that gave up noises that sounded like they were giving off warning sounds that probably alerted him of my presence hence he underneath the bed when I got into the room. I managed to get him down onto the floor which he said he’ll pay me double what I was said to be paid just to keep him alive. Some female arrived into the room I didn’t see but heard her scream. I heard clanging sounds along with metal banging sound which was metal clanging down to let some kind of air come into the room to knock me out. It got too much for me so I left through the porch doors same entrance I came in and then found myself transported by the Meritanians to here. That’s all I know of anyway.” 
He eyed Barry who spoke “Interesting but you omitted how you got inside the house along with what you were doing to the target when this female found you along with getting out as well.” 
Jinks groaned a soft sound and spoke “I was transported to some porch of a house. The doors leading inside were locked which I managed to get open. I was choking the target when this female found me. I managed to use the same method of getting inside to get out through the porch doors and that’s the truth.” 
He got Barry flaring golden eyes as the Builder spoke in a firm tone “You’re not being specific Jinks so talk it now.” 
He spoke “Fine I used the power abilities to get the locked porch doors open along with choking the target which I used the same thing to get out despite some metal door blocking my way. Satisfied?”
 He formed a glare on his face glaring at Barry who spoke gibberish which he found his arms grabbed by familiar hands and found himself in the High Council’s throne room while forced up in a standing position by the Falcons. Jinks didn’t protest as Anubis placed the ski mask over his head covering it entirely only leaving his eyes bare which he sensed some breathing device blowing air at him attached to the mask. 
He glared as Shad spoke “You’ll be transported to a location where Ramses will relay our orders on what to do.” 
He felt the Falcons’ hand holds off of him to find himself in a small room that reminded him of a cell with a door facing him that only had a barred window which he heard humming of electricity. 
Jinks folded his arms as if compelled eyes on the door sensing the Master still in control as the door slid open showing a male Human wearing some suit who spoke “Knight One come with me now.” 
He kept his arms folded obeyed following the male escorted by Humans wearing military like garb wear holding guns in their hands down a hallway to a doorway to enter a large room he saw looked like a warehouse from the looks of it. Jinks saw in the middle were various Humans wearing clothes that looked fancy looking gathered around a large caged area which he was led to its entrance and gestured to go inside. Jinks obeyed unfolding his arms to stand inside finding himself facing a male Human that seemed familiar while wearing some blue jumpsuit and white sneakers on the feet. He heard the crowd outside the cage urge the both of them to fight while giving off taunting insults for not fighting. He raised his hands in some fighting gesture and stared at the familiar male still struggling to place him who had some look of recognition in his eyes that made him feel confused. Jinks charged at the male with legs and fists swinging which the Human avoided his moves as if anticipating them which he halted from fighting to eye the man’s eyes to see that they become all black and stiffened realizing who that person was with recognition within him. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Robert. The High Council is having me fight my son.” 
He heard from Lance abruptly “Turn the lights above off now!”
He obeyed waving a hand above him and sensed his order obeyed as the lights went out with night vision blaring in his eyesight followed by light blaring which he felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons he sensed and found himself in the High Council’s throne room with Anubis removing his mask to step aside. He saw Robert in the room kneeling as he saw a High Council member his senses blared telling him was Ajax nearby having a hand up towards his Human son. 
Jinks glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Anybus, snap this Human’s neck now.” 
Jinks screamed out “No! Don’t you dare! He’s my son!”
He felt a hand gloved cover his mouth cutting off his shouting which he sensed belonged to Anubis which he glared at the gonoid head warrior who looked away from him. 
Jinks shifted eyes towards the High Council eyes narrowed in a glare as he heard Ramses speaking sounding in his mind “High Council I would lay off assassinating any offspring or family belonging to Horus if I were you. Reason is a servant of yours was detected screaming at us to tell you that he scanned a Seer’s mind just before the Seer got away from him and saw the contents clearly that made him want to have you know of it. He saw the death of an offspring fathered by Horus which resulted in Australia Atoll your home being successfully destroyed. He added that he thinks the destruction is as if some kind of computer sense aimed on the offspring went off causing it to turn weapons onto the base and cause the destruction seen in the Seer’s mind. He’s also saying that the location of the offspring assassinated by Anubis appeared to be in the meeting room and that the offspring seen is a male Human I believe his name is Robert.”
He heard from Onya “Enough Ramses with your pathetic attempts to keep this Robert alive. Anybus do what we ordered you now.” 
He growled an angry sound in his throat as he felt Anubis’s hand become tighter over his mouth as the gonoid head warrior spoke in a loud whisper “Why don’t you have Ramses transport that Highlander to you and scan his mind and see what the Meritanian was talking about?”
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Anybus do what we ordered you now and stop it with your silly questions.” 
He saw a light flash in response to show a Highlander male that seemed familiar who spoke “High Council, Ramses isn’t kidding on what he said. I’m the one who he was communicating with.” 
Jinks stiffened recognizing McCork which he eyed the speakers to see their heads bowed followed by hearing groaning sounds from the butler very loudly. He glared at McCork who’s head was bowed with hands seen fisted while continuing to hear groaning sounds from the Highlander who gave up a loud gasp sound before raising his head up. He shifted his eyes to see the speakers had their heads still bowed and eyed the High Council to see them moving their hands and waggling their heads seemingly lengthy before the speakers raised their heads. 
He heard in response Shad speaking “Ramses, transport this Human to the Freeloaders and make sure you mind wipe him in the process.” 
Jinks shifted to stare at Robert to see Ajax place a hand on his son’s shoulder in a fast move which both disappeared in a flash of light followed by Ramses’ voices speaking sounding annoyed “Hey Ajax got transported along with this Robert by touching him and their both with the Freeloaders who’s currently screaming at us to transport them both out immediately. The Freeloaders keep insisting that they don’t want to have anything to do with either one of them and they sound scared saying that.” 
He heard Ramses pause followed by Shad speaking “Just transport Ajax but leave Robert with them anyway.” 
Jinks growled an angry sound through his throat as Ramses’ voice spoke “Sorry High Council I already transported them both out as ordered by the Freeloaders due to one of them admitting the reason why. Excuse me while I knock Horus out so he won’t have to hear this.” 
He felt sleepiness shook his head as the feeling persisted and felt himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to feeling feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes with a start gasping loudly to see the hand’s owner was a High Council member his senses blared telling him it was Ajax as he felt himself sitting in a chair with chains on him pining him to it. He raised his head looking around seeing he was in a round room with various consoles gathered at the walls with Highlanders in front of them fiddling with them while they were in a semi circle with one wall having a watery view with plants moving in sight. 
He frowned to stare at his son who spoke “About time you woke up Father.”
He continued to stare at Ajax who added “Your in the-“
He was interrupted by a Highlander voice speaking loudly in some rude tone “Ajax! The High Council specifically told you to wake him up and that’s about it!”
Jinks exhaled a breath while staring at Ajax who shrugged and folded his arms without giving off a verbal response to the talk. 
He spoke “Would someone mind telling me what’s my purpose to being here is for?” 
He saw Ajax point a finger in one direction along with pointing a finger aimed at him before resuming folding his arms. 
Jinks looked away to see a masked Highlander standing nearby with arms folded that spoke “Fine. The High Council wants to know how Horus programmed their main computer to turn onto their home if it detects the death of any offspring fathered by Horus himself within the base itself.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as nothing came to mind and looked away to glare in front of him the ocean viewed wall and again heard from the Highlander “I suggest you talk, Horus or this offspring dubbed Robert suffers from your silence.” 
He saw the ocean view changed as if it was a view screen to show Robert chained with arms above him wearing only underwear on his form and appearing to be grimacing while making jerking motions he recognized his son was being whipped on the back. 
Jinks growled an angry sound opened his mouth to roar only to feel a gloved hand cover it tightly followed by a voice speaking “He didn’t set the computers to do it I did.” 
He frowned for the voice sounded familiar and shifted eyes to see nothing in place where the hand’s owner was. 
He frowned as he heard from the Highlander “A stinking Freeloader. I suggest you fix the computer sensor now or else.” 
Jinks felt the gloved hand remove itself which he clamped his mouth shut followed by the familiar voice speaking “Not if you’re willing to make a deal first.” 
Jinks heard from the Highlander “I don’t make deals with Freeloaders. One word from me and all in this room gets knocked out including you as well which the High Council will figure out what your purposes is so fix the computer damage now.” 
He heard from the voice “Ah Highlander how confident you are in technology when it’s apparent that computers can be controlled by anything it’s programmed to do.”
Jinks shifted to stare at the spoken Highlander who spoke “Enough with this useless babble and do what I say or else.” 
He eyed the Highlander as the voice spoke “As you wish Highlander.” 
He saw a light flash in front of the Highlander who unfolded his arms and slid to the floor form still while sensing he was slipping away to death. 
He continued to eye the Highlander as he heard gun cocking sounds within the room as Ajax he heard spoke “Alright you win Freeloader since we can’t see you hidden by the Keo tech so talk on what you want now.” 
He heard in response “You will order Ramses to remove the one dubbed Horus from here now and then we can talk freely as we wish.” 
He shifted his head towards Ajax to see the scene changed as he felt himself falling backwards to land onto dirt ground which he swung himself up to hear a groan noise loudly. He looked off his left to see Robert still chained with pain on his face which he darted towards his son yanking off the chains off of him and held the male in a hug while kneeling on the floor sensing Robert’s legs could no longer hold him up. He continued to hold his son who he heard sighed while being held by him and sensed Robert not complaining about the hug hold. 
Jinks heard whining squeal sounds spoke out loud “Touch my son with harm and I’ll kill you. I mean it with what I say.” 
He felt his arms grabbed in response by familiar gloved hands and yanked from Robert who disappeared in a flash of light along with the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room which he again felt Anubis put on a mask covering his head only baring his eyes. Jinks snarled out a growling sound feeling rage erupt within him. 
He heard Ramses speaking “I got a better idea High Council. Why don’t you transport the victim and Horus to the citadel and have the both of them fight each other to death?”
He ignored Ramses’ talk as rage continued to boil within him which he felt the Falcons’ holds off of him to find himself in a large round room with walls looking like they were stone while hearing splashing sounds which he looked to see a Highlander wearing some suit dart away from him splashing on the low level water appearing to be heading to a set of wooden doors in the wall. Jinks felt his senses blare ignored the feeling to charge after the Highlander finding his speed over taking the male which he grabbed from behind on the neck and threw him in the air that hit the wall face forwards and slid onto the floor appearing to be unconscious. Jinks ignored the Highlander’s unconscious state to jog towards him then reaching him turned the male onto his back and kneeled throwing his fist into the Highlander’s front not caring where his fist landed. He kept on punching even when he heard the familiar bone crunching noises and softness felt continued to fist the Highlander till his hand fisted thrust through the skin barrier of the male hitting something that was beating which he pulled out his hand in a quick move. Jinks glared at the Highlander still feeling anger running through him and unclenched his hand and thrust it into the hole in the male’s chest to grab the heart organ with a tight grip and yanked it out sensing the male was dead from that. He dropped the heart organ and stepped back panting hard through his mouth feeling himself calming down from his angry mood. He found the scene changed to find himself in the High Council’s brig in a cell which he eyed his left hand seeing it was covered in blood went into the bathroom facility in the cell to wash it with water that felt like sea water to him. 
Jinks washed his hands the best he could and stepped out to see Barry behind the cell gate who spoke “Jinks get out of those clothes now. Their stained from the assassination job you did.” 
He obeyed dumping the clothes and shoes near the cell gates and stood clad in his underwear to examine his left arm seeing some blood was still on it which the scene changed to find himself in some bathroom holding a shower stall in it. Jinks stripped himself of the underwear and got into the shower stall turning on the water to heat toleration levels sensing it was fresh water which he found the soap dispenser and used that to clean himself thoroughly all over not sparing his hair. Jinks once done walk out to grab a towel and dried himself thoroughly then stood dropping the towel onto the floor eyeing the door sensing himself filmed which the scene changed to his familiar cell with Barry behind the cell gate. He looked at the floor seeing it looked like it was mopped thoroughly and smelled food which he went to finding himself terribly hungry forced himself to take his time taking in the nourishment. He finished found a pile of clothes and shoes in the color black nearby which he put on finding underwear and socks along with a thick black top that suggested it a had bullet proof vest imbedded in it and sweat pants and a pair of sneakers that had Velcro and shoelaces to tie it up while being high topped. Jinks folded his arms when done dressing to stare at Barry who spoke “It doesn’t matter if you move or not whenever you control the earthquakes. Just remember that Jinks.” 
He blinked his eyes to find himself back in the stone room sensing it was the Citadel as Ramses called it and looked around to see a light flash showing a male Human who looked confused before pulling out a hand gun and firing it aimed at him from being too many feet away from him. Jinks ducked into a split and willed the Darkness through to hear the gunfire stop abruptly which he swung himself up getting up with a karate move and eyed the male who was frozen with bullets in the air aimed at him. Jinks walked to a bullet and pulled it out of the air with a hand and then eyed the male to see his chest appeared to not have a bullet proof vest on. Jinks swung the bullet aimed at the male to see it remain frozen in the air and then stepped around to stand behind the Human. He willed the Darkness away from him to eye the male who gave up a grunt sound of pain very loudly before dropping the gun with a splash and collapsing onto his knees and sliding onto the watered ground with form still face into the water. Jinks eyed the male sensing the Human was taking in the water while unconscious and sensed the man gave up his life to death that disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks sighed and ducked as he heard a gunshot sound very loudly willed the Darkness through to get up seeing another male Human that fired a handgun aimed at him and appeared to be immune to the Darkness’s power. Jinks caught the bullet and threw it at the male seeing it hit him in the chest and bounce off sensing that the man was wearing a bullet proof vest who continued to fire his handgun bullets aimed at him. He recalled Barry’s words about earthquakes mentally ordered the earth to shake seeing his order obeyed as he ducked out of the way of bullets heading towards him to see the Human get off balanced while firing from the handgun wildly aimed at him and missing all over. Jinks darted towards the male who kept on firing bullets aimed at him which he caught the bullets and tossed them at man seeing some of them hit home on the man’s legs and arms while bouncing off the chest area. He reached the Human kicked the handgun out of the man’s hand grip along with sensing that the man had another gun on his person proceeded to use karate onto the male to knock him onto his seat and kicked at him hard who appeared to reach for the hidden handgun behind the back. Jinks continued to kick the Human while mentally ordering paralysis to hit him sensing with annoyance his Master powers not working on the male kept on kicking the man and aimed for his head. He kicked and stomped onto the male’s head seeing the man’s efforts to pull out the hidden gun met failure and his kicking succeeded in knocking him out unconscious. Jinks willed the earthquakes to stop along with the Darkness away from him as he continued to kick and stomp the man’s head till he heard bone crunching noises ignored it till he felt the head area become very soft and heard a sound of something flattening and sensed the male was dead from that. Jinks backed away once done to find himself in the High Council’s cell to see Barry behind the cell gate. He stared at Barry who spoke in gibberish and felt himself sleepy went to the mattress and shut his eyes to recall that Karissa was a dream to his annoyance. He wound up to dream of facing Lance who was appearing to be lost in thought. Jinks recalled Lance’s words about Barry having a sense intoned to him opened his mouth only to get his father looking at him with a glare who forced his eyes shut abruptly. Jinks came to again dreaming of Lance which he again thought of Barry and got his eyes forced shut again and found this scenario happened three more times each time he thought of Barry and his sense and realized that Lance seemed to be aware of what he was thinking hence the eyes forced shut repeatedly. He felt himself passing out unconscious as a result and came to smelling food by his body demanding nourishment which he got up and went to the food tray and took his time eating the food. Jinks once done went to the mattress and sat leaning back eyes on the cell gate. Jinks sighed from the memory flashing in his mind of talking to Karissa about him and Katherine never confronting each other on things him on her lying and her on his power abilities. He exhaled a breath to stare at his lap was as an all black ski mask that only showed his eyes, that whenever he wore the mask was always black with the Master in control. He exhaled another breath feeling himself annoyed with both Lance and the High Council for they have yet explained to him why they were sending him transported by Ramses to various people of both Human and Highlander species to assassinate them as an assassin Karissa dubbed him by the name of Jihadi which his father hadn’t protested to this instead went along with it. He continued to frown as he recalled Lance telling him about how Barry had a sense intoned to him and not admitting that the High Council was aware of it. Jinks continued to frown as he recalled that Lance had avoided telling him any more about Barry’s senses cued to him instead had avoided the subject whenever it was thought up by him. He inhaled a breath to sense Barry watching him and heard nothing from the Builder but the watching sense remained. 
He leaned his head on the wall and heard Ramses’ voice speaking “Barry, the High Council want Horus’s presence.” 
Jinks heard gibberish spoken from Barry felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons and he was lifted up from the floor to a standing position which he didn’t protest as Anubis put on the ski mask to cover his head only baring his eyes. He willed the Master through while eyeing the High Council as an image flashed in front of the speakers which he saw was a Human male wearing a suit. 
Jinks heard from Shad “This is your target. He’s holed up asleep in what considers an apartment by First Ones standards according to Ramses. You should have no trouble taking him down but warn you you’ll be transported outside his home due to that the transportation would wake him up.” 
Jinks didn’t comment in response sensed the Falcons’ holds on his arms gone found himself in a hallway facing a door which he quickly willed the Darkness through and kicked the door open to dart inside seeing it was a bachelor apartment and appeared empty with nothing inside it. He darted into the bathroom and took a look finding it empty and examined the apartment seeing it looked like it was recently used. Jinks felt annoyance take hold willed the Darkness away from him to feel his arms grabbed by familiar hands he sensed belonged to the Falcons. 
He heard from Shad “Ramses explain yourself now.” 
Jinks heard from Ramses “Sorry High Council but the target is somehow aware of you targeting him from brief mind scans before ordered out and has anticipated the assassination order towards him which he took off two sun positions ago.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes only to blink them open as he saw he was still in the High Council’s throne room which the lights above turned off. He heard protests from the speakers demanding the lights on as his eyes with night vision in them shifted as if drawn to see a familiar male appearing to be a Highlander wearing a suit and eyes that made him think it was of a Shadonian standing nearby staring at him back. 
Jinks gasped loudly as the male he recognized as Meritania spoke “Training begins Elemental.” 
He heard a ringing sound jerked his eyes shut to come to finding himself still held up by the Falcons which he jerked open his eyes seeing himself still in the High Council’s throne room with lights on above. Jinks stared at the vast ceiling then looked at the High Council with a confused expression on his face as he sensed the Master in control which he willed away from him. 
He recalled the dream with Meritania flashing in his mind frowned as Shad spoke “Spill it Horus you had a vision judging by the expression on your face so talk on what it is now!”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled speaking the contents of the dream not leaving anything out and then clamped his mouth shut which he heard from Onya “Ramses, transport Horus and guards to medical room number four now.” 
He saw the scene shift to find himself standing underneath a spotlight arms still held by the Falcons and saw in front of him was a cylinder tube horizontal holding a naked male figure in it he saw with shock was Meritania who’s eyes were open and form still sensing the male was in frozen sleep. 
Jinks spoke out loud “Impossible I had dreams of him while I was contained asleep in some tube. How did he get here?”
He saw a masked Highlander come into view who spoke “He was created off what was seen in your mind.” 
Jinks stiffened as Anubis appeared behind the masked Highlander grabbing the male’s head and gave it a twist which he heard a crack sound and saw the male hit the floor sensing him unconscious but paralysis below the waist. 
Jinks frowned as Anubis spoke in a loud whisper “Bad choice of words Highlander.”
He found the Falcons’ holds on him gone and found himself back into his cell which he felt sleepy sighed and laid his form down on the mattress after taking off his ski mask setting it aside. Jinks shut his eyes to dream of himself on a tan dirt field underneath the sunlight and looked around to discover himself surrounded by five manoids with long reed hands that were all black who proceeded to attack him, he recognizing them as Hyperon. Jinks heard words spoken sounding in his mind using the word Earth along with commands towards the earth to move as the ground around the Hyperon were manipulated all around him by his hands’ movements and mental orders which he saw Hyperon get destroyed as a result. Jinks stood once done and saw the scene go black to dream of facing Lance with an all black eyed glare. 
He felt nervous as Lance spoke “That vision you just had I had one myself just prior to a dream showing me how to use my elemental powers. Oh don’t expect to hide this from the High Council. Their suspiciousness is aroused due to that they know very clearly documented on what I went through to acquire elemental training and power manipulation of me being an elemental. They do know of a Meritania a Highlander Shadonian hybrid that lived back then in Great Britain who was found mysteriously drowned to death in a lake. I assure you I had nothing to do with his death but I point the finger of blame at one of my own offspring for the drowning due to that both got into an argument the previous day about me only having elemental powers in my presence that wound up into a big fight and I got them both to back off.” 
He didn’t comment in response as Lance forced his eyes shut. He came to hearing a clanging sound jerked open his eyes to smell food and got up from the mattress going to the tray holding nourishment which he sat and took his time eating and drinking. Jinks once done sensed a light show which he saw Barry standing behind the cell gate with a familiar look on the Builder’s face. 
Jinks sighed figuring out that Barry wanted him to admit something spoke “Could you be specific on what you want me to admit please?”
He stood up and heard from Barry “Meritania.” 
He heard the firm tone in Barry’s voice sighed and spoke “Fine I admit it I got a dream of myself manipulating the ground to defend myself from five Hyperons attacking me underneath the sunlight using orders of mental talk and hands movements.” 
He folded his arms with a glare on his face and heard Barry speaking gibberish found himself standing on a dirt ground with sea lapping it facing the ocean water while sensing himself filmed with night vision blaring in his eyesight. Jinks groaned and turned around to discover the island was just a large field of dirt and there were flashes of light happening five times showing Hyperon that proceeded to charge at him. Jinks mentally recalled the dream used mental orders and hands movements together towards the Hyperon to see the ground move like his dream that proceeded to help him destroy the Hyperon till there were none left. 
Jinks once done folded his arms and mentally spoke “Terrific the High Council’s hold on me will be ironclad.” 
He felt his arms grabbed by familiar gloved hands as he found himself in the High Council’s throne room with Barry nearby. 
He heard from Shad “Interesting moves Horus. You used the exact twin moves recorded in our documents against the Hyperon that Lance Richard used on them when we tested him on the elemental powers.” 
Jinks stiffened from that heard from Ramses abruptly “High Council, I’m noticing a problem here which I think you should be aware of. The problem is the Elementals’ globe has been tracked at locations by First Ones which the locations are the ones that Horus has been transported to do assassinations. I suspect that the Elementals are seeking Horus due to that they’ve followed the pattern of transportation I’ve done on Horus sending him to do assassinations. The sightings are in the order of the assassinations Horus has done on people. I also suspect that the elementals themselves can’t be filmed by various recorder devices due to not having a solid manoid form despite their globe seen and caught on film.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as he heard from Lance yelling in his mind “Will the Master through now!”
He obeyed and felt urged to charge up his body of electricity obeyed to the compulsion to hear zapping sounds behind him along with the Falcons awking loudly with their hands suddenly off him. Jinks saw Barry roll his eyes and collapsed onto the floor appearing to having form still which he sensed was still alive. 
He willed away the electricity and looked behind him to see the three elementals which he heard a loud booming voice sounding in male tones seemingly in his mind “You should not be serving the High Council, Elemental!” 
Jinks stiffened as his eyesight clouded up with ice, water and fire while feeling himself repeatedly off balanced which he held out his hands trying to hang on as the weather elements stopped clouding up his eyes sight showing a Highlander standing nearby that looked bugged eyed seeing him. Jinks frowned looking around to see the Elementals’ globe into the air and take off which he saw he was in some kind of garden surrounded by high fenced walls. He eyed the Highlander who was dressed in some white clothing with dirt staining them. 
He frowned as the Highlander spoke sounding familiar “Sir, McCork at your service. Its shocking that the Elementals returned you to here due to that it was suspected that the High Council had employed you to serve them for something they won’t say what it is.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust spoke “McCork, get me to the penthouse now.”
He got a head bob from the butler who he followed taking a route to the penthouse and once inside heard an excited meow sound and felt a cat body rubbing his ankle which he bent down to pick up Sable that purred in his grips. 
He sighed and stiffened as a headache came to his mind followed by Ramses’ voice speaking “Actually Horus had nothing to do with the High Council group’s passing away status. It was due to the Elementals’ mental voice speaking sounding in their minds that killed them due to that the three’s voice was too much for them. Oh Horus surviving is due to that he’s an elemental like they are anyway. As for Barry some Builder using the voice ordered me to transport him out and has used the voice to keep my mouth shut on who did that order. Sorry about this but I and my sisters are not immune to Builders using voice talents on us anyway.”
He heard nothing more from Ramses and the headache stopped abruptly which he carried Sable to the dining room to hear him hissing loudly while squirming in his arms. Jinks groaned figuring out that Barry was in the dining room which he placed Sable down on the floor who sat in a crouch position while still hissing. He entered the dining room to find Barry seated in a chair appearing to be shaking his head and waking up from some unconscious state while attended by a Highlander wearing medical scrubs waving various devices over him. He looked around the room to spot his targeted Human that flared golden eyes of a Builder standing nearby with arms folded along with a familiar female Human he stiffened from recognition within him seeing she was Tatiana. 
He frowned as the targeted human appearing to be a Builder spoke in a familiar voice “Greetings Elemental so at last we meet and believe me it’s not a dream.”
He stiffened further recognizing the voice as Meritania from his vision of the male which he shook his head twice with confusion running through him. 
He heard from the Builder Meritania “I go by the name of Jordan among people. You’ll get an explanation of how I’m here but it won’t be spoken by me. ”
He looked away to see Tatiana staring at Barry with some frown which he eyed the Builder that opened his eyes and spoke in a firm tone “Tatiana, I suspect you had something to do with that latest stunt pulled on the High Council didn’t you daughter mine?”
He widened his eyes hearing the words daughter mine to hear from Tatiana as he looked at her “Sorry Daddy, guilty as charged anyway. I did order Ramses to transport the Elementals into the High Council’s throne room just to help them get to Mister Montreal when it was obvious that they wanted him due to that they were at locations where he was said by Ramses to be transported to as sighted by people. I couldn’t have known that the Elementals wanted Mister Montreal out of the High Council’s hands and influences or that their voice would be fatal to the group. All I knew is that the Elementals were seeking Mister Montreal anyway.” 
Jinks heard in response from Barry speaking in gibberish blinked his eyes to find himself standing in a familiar room belonging to the High Council that was for the coma and the dead which his eyes as if drawn focused on a naked male figure with devices on the sensitive part, chest, arms, wrists, ankles and forehead. He focused on the face to stiffen with shock seeing the male had his face despite eyes closed in some angry look and eyed the male’s hair to see with shock still running through him that it was identical to his hair and felt himself becoming confused as to why there was a twin to him lying there. Jinks took a step towards his twin reaching out a hand and brought the hand down on his twin’s hand only to see his hand go through it like if he was a ghost and saw his sleeve as if drawn to see the cloth was different from what he was really wearing which he examined himself to discover he was wearing black clothing and shoes on his feet that were consisted of Lance Richard's clothing wear to stiffen further with realization hitting him. 
He realized that the twin lying on the bed wasn’t a copy of him but himself and stiffened thinking to himself “When was I put there and how long have I’ve been there anyway?”
He recalled to himself of waking up in the room and getting up from the bed only to be met by Mesen who managed to knock him out which made him further confused as to the time frame of how long he was first lying there. He continued to eye himself to hear a familiar rumbling vibration and noises which he looked up to see coming towards him was Mesen with a High Council member his mind told him was Ajax which both halted in front of the bed himself was lying on. 
Jinks eyed Ajax who went to himself to grip his hand and appeared to be staring at himself who he heard gibberish from Mesen followed by his son speaking “Father, I really hope that the day will come when you’ll be allowed to be waken and live among us either among the First Ones or the High Council and people. It’s a pity father. A Seer captured prophesized the death of a High Council group by you which the prophecy came true. You really did that assassination by screaming about some female named Katherine who was identified as your mate you had too many cycles ago which they were killed as a result from the noises you made. The new High Council had ordered you tested after you were knocked out by some sleeper drug and found some powerful hallucination drug in your system. They deep scanned your mind while you were still out unconscious after the testing was done and discovered that you hallucinated a sick Charon with form solid cracking and revealed to be Katherine herself who passed away in your arms and your reaction to the death was to be very angry along with feelings of sadness enough to scream from what’s called mental hurt.”
He felt ranges of emotions running through him as Ajax paused to give up a loud groan sound followed by his son continuing talking “As a result the High Council had you given a drug to get the hallucination drug out of your system which you withdrawn from and you placed here while they try to find out how that drug got into you in the first place and affected you very badly enough to cause what happened. The Meritanians have refused to help in this matter despite being tortured with pain machines instead said that they would rather receive pain then help period. Even Predecessor when I contacted him has refused to talk about the subject whenever I brought it up in his presence. He for some reason has seemed to be angry about something judging by his behavior and voice tone whenever I see him and doesn’t seem to be in a talkative mood.”
He heard Ajax become silent heard Mesen give off gibberish in a questioning tone which he heard his son speaking “Mesen, Barry for some unexplained reason is avoiding me and has refused to talk to me when I try to talk to him instead has used the voice talent on the Meritanians to transport me away from him whenever we meet that is elsewhere than the meeting room.”
He again heard Mesen speaking followed by Ajax speaking “The High Council regardless who’s in position as that group has made it clear to me that they call me to them period. They have refused my request through the Meritanians or whoever to come to them without ordered there by the group or to go into the meeting room unannounced when their there. Besides I’m not able to get into the room unannounced due to that twin of Anubis and Falcons intercepted me in the hallway and kept me from going into the room by forcing me into the transporter room each time that happened.”
He heard a familiar voice speaking gibberish blinked his eyes with a start to find himself seated in the dining room of the penthouse which he heard a throat clearing noise looked off his left to see Barry seated there. 
Jinks felt himself to discover he was still wearing the Lance Richard's black clothing on his form and eyed Barry’s clothes to see that they were the same as ever as the Builder spoke “You know don’t you that your really dreaming of this while asleep by the High Council?”
He stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued speaking “Ajax isn’t kidding about what he said when talking to your sleeping form. Its true I’ve been avoiding him due to that he’ll easily scan my mind and see clearly that I’ve been monitoring you while your asleep and doing some manipulating to your dreams through the Meritanians who have been ordered to keep their mouths shut about it.”
He stiffened hearing that as Barry continued talking “I figured out a way of contacting you while I’m mediating. Your father through contact has admitted to seeing what you’re seeing while you’re asleep and doesn’t seem to like the contents. I told him to trust me on what I’m doing to your mind which he hasn’t protested to that yet.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Barry spoke gibberish followed by the scene going black which he came to feeling himself lying on a bed wearing metal on his form in the exact places he saw on himself lying on a bed. Jinks felt rage hitting him jerked his eyes opened willing the Master through within him and fisted his hands while growling nonsense sounds. 
He felt a headache of his mind scanned shut his eyes and heard Ramses’ familiar voice speaking “Ugh High Council, I and my sisters aren’t immune to Builder voice talent orders besides it wasn’t Barry who pulled that stunt onto us but some male who did it actually.” 
He felt the headache remained as metal on his form was abruptly off of his body as Ramses paused followed by continuing speaking “The Builder who pulled this stunt seems to have knowledge of you and from mind scans of him before ordered out indicates that the information was passed down from preceding family members. Oh We managed to scan the mind of the Seer who actually met that Builder who used the voice on him to tell why his eyes are like that and the information on telling the future came out including prophesying that this Builder would use us to get into Horus’s home to drug him by needle dart while he was out unconscious along with Horus assassinating a High Council group came out too as well. I confess it was this Builder who used the voice talent on us to have Horus transported to you after the drug he injected into him appeared to work judging by the reaction Horus was acting.” 
Jinks grunted feeling pain hitting his head as the headache felt much worse off. He grimace putting fisted hands on his forehead as images flooded his mind. He saw an eyes sight view that appeared to belong to his cat Sable sitting on himself’s chest before looking away towards the bathroom door and sensed anger hitting. He continued to see in his mind Sable giving off hissing sounds as a male form wearing a ski mask and trench coat came out of the bathroom who spoke in gibberish which he sensed Sable’s anger stop by hissing noises stopping. He continued to watch through Sable’s eyes as the masked male in a weave walking way, went up to himself lying on the bed and pulled out a needle syringe injecting its contents into himself’s neck then stepping back to go to the bathroom doorway and turn around eyes on himself with arms folded. Jinks continued to see from Sable’s eyes the cat appearing to sniff himself on the neck then went to the bed’s other pillow to sit staring at himself. He continued to watch as himself woke up with a jerk looking like himself was out of it and appeared to do what he remembered seeing a sick Charon that turned out to be Katherine by getting up from the bed and heading towards a bare spot in the room to make arm and hand motions. He heard himself spoke out loud his familiar words as if talking to Katherine with pauses then making arm motions again followed by standing up with hands fisted and disappearing in a flash of light. Jinks continued to see through Sable’s eyes the cat in the High Council’s throne room as if transported there and noticed the masked male was there in the doorway speaking gibberish which he figured was ordering the room’s people to not notice him at all. Jinks saw what he remembered happened while he was angry from suffering from Katherine’s passing in front of him. He continued to watch during himself held by the High Council hearing the masked Builder speaking in gibberish followed by himself screaming in some loud echoing tone and then saw the view changed as if seen through a recording camera view from a wall aimed at himself screaming while held by the High Council. He watched as the High Council stopped holding him followed by grabbing their heads by forehead area and appeared to faint onto the floor with form still which he heard a familiar alarm sound indicating death sounded each time a High Council member hit the floor with form still as himself kneeled. Jinks watched as Barry came into view appearing to not be affected by the screaming he was making and watched as the Builder kneeled and got a hold of himself cutting off the noises and holding him in some hug. He continued to watch as various High Council servants appeared in flashes of light going to High Council members along with one going to himself putting some needle syringe in his neck. 
He heard Barry’s voice loudly speaking in a firm tone “You will test Horus for his health and anything in his system. My instincts are screaming at me saying that he was drugged with something for him to act this way and check the recorders in the room for any unseen visitors while you’re at it.” 
Jinks saw the view went black came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to discover himself in a chair underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness and stiffened as he felt himself abruptly standing then sitting in the chair. The sensation he felt continued back and forth as he looked to see a male form wearing a trench coat and a ski mask straighten up his form. Jinks eyed him to force himself up from the chair to find the sitting sensation stopped which he continued to eye the male noticing him wearing black pants and black shoes. 
He sensed clothes on his form that felt Lance Richard like and figured that he was dreaming as he eyed the male who showed golden eyes of a Builder that spoke “Who are you?” 
Jinks frowned at the male’s odd voice tone as the Builder he assumed repeated his question then walked around him in a circle form splitting into four Builders wearing identical clothing and boxing him by the positions. 
He spoke as the Builder repeated his question sounding in multiple voices speaking “Jinks Montreal.” 
He heard in response was “Really?”
He frown hearing the voice tone sounded like sarcasm as the Builder again repeated his question. 
Jinks spoke “Well what do you want since you’re obviously not satisfied with my answer?”
He grunted in pain to hear from the Builder “No questions just answer now.” 
He heard the firmness of the voice tone spoke “The High Council-“
He was interrupted by pain hitting him grunted and then added “Some group dubbed me Horus son of Osiris.” 
He got the familiar really word spoken in sarcasm which he added “Tell me what do you want me to say anyway.” 
Jinks eyed one of the Builders who turned around and pointed a finger while speaking “Get out now!”
He shifted his eyes to see a familiar robed figure of a Meritanian nearby that faded from view and again looked at the Builder who resumed looking at him and speaking his familiar who are you question. 
Jinks spoke “I’m Jinks Montreal dubbed Horus son of Osiris whose body is Lance Richard a deity lord and inhibiting the body is his son who is me.” 
He eyed one of the Builders and heard nothing from them in response only to see the scene changed to show a room that appeared to be a bedroom with a figure lying in bed asleep. He watched as the figure woke up by alarm showing himself shocking him which he continued to eye himself get up wearing underwear shorts to do karate then went into a doorway he figured led to the bathroom. He felt himself remaining where he was as himself came out clad in some black dressy suit with a hat on the head that reminded him of something which he wasn’t sure of. He continued to watch as himself ate some food at a dining table near the bed from a kitchen unit and figured that himself was living in a studio apartment from the looks of it. He continued to watch as himself finished eating food and drinking drink to put away the dishes then walked out of a doorway he saw while shutting the door. He blinked his eyes finding the scene changed to show a house with stairs off its side and himself walking down them pulling out a cell phone and appearing to be talking to it after dialing some numbers. Jinks eyed himself with a frown to see he was appearing to be talking to a cab service ordering them to come to his location in New Jersey and drive him to a location in New York City nearby. He watched as himself reached a driveway to stand with arms folded after putting away the cell phone in a pocket. He continue to watch as a cab arrived showing a Highlander driver which himself got inside and then the scene changed to show a building that made him think it was residential as himself got out of the cab and walked up to the doors. He saw as an older male standing at the doors wearing identical clothing and hat as himself saluted then walked away going into the cab. He frowned seeing himself turn around with hands at sides and watched as he opened one of the doors for people dressed a bit fancy who went inside and watching himself do the same for people leaving the building. He frowned seeing that scenario as the scene changed to show the four familiar Builders while surrounded by darkness underneath a spotlight. 
Jinks frowned as a voice spoke “This is what the High Council want you to lead your life as some nobody who isn’t important enough to be special.” 
He stiffened from that as the scene went black and he felt his body lying on some bed while groaning loudly as he jerked open his eyes blinking them to feel himself falling backwards hitting a metal floor and arms grabbed by familiar gloved hands lifting him up to stand. Jinks glared at the High Council he saw feeling disgust take hold along with another feeling took its place that made him feel like he was going to be sick. He ducked his head as he threw up repeatedly while sensing his body expelling toxins from his system through various ways including sweating it out as he threw up while having nose runny. Jinks felt the hands off of him collapsed onto his knees as he continued to expel toxins from his system through various ways of his body. He struggled to breathe as he threw up while having nose running. Jinks felt the expelling seemed lengthy and seemed to go on for a long time till it stopped abruptly which he gasped for air through his mouth breathing deeply. He looked around the scenery to discover himself in a bathroom with a shower stall and the floor showing no evidence of his expelling figured to himself that Barry must have spied on him and had him transported to there once it was obvious his expelling stopped. Jinks got up and went into the shower stall to cleanse himself very thoroughly with soap and shampoo. He felt himself much better from that to walk out and dried himself very well with the towels hanging on the racks. He once done frown as the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room with his arms again grabbed which he formed a glare on his face to eye the speakers had heads bowed and felt a headache which he figured that the group was scanning his mind. He thought of various vulgar comments in response to the mind scanning as the scans seemed lengthy then stopped followed by the speakers raising their heads. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Ramses put Horus to sleep and transport him to sleeper room number six now.” 
Jinks continued to glare as he heard in response from Ramses “Sorry High Council but a certain somebody who you hate to hear about said that you should medically check Horus first before sticking him in a tube. This somebody suspects Horus’s sickness was some kind of withdrawal from the drugs in his system that you been putting in him to be asleep.” 
Jinks continued to glare at the High Council as Shad spoke repeating words spoken before Ramses spoke his words which was interrupted by Onya speaking “Hey excuse me, ditch the tubal order now! Have Horus medically scanned for anything and make it through period.” 
He glared at the High Council as both speakers he saw bowed their heads followed by the group behind them waggling their heads and waving their hands seemingly lengthy which he felt himself getting annoyed with them. He narrowed his eyes still in a glare aimed at the High Council who halted their talk he assumed followed by the speakers raising their heads. 
He heard from Onya “Ramses transport Horus to a medical room now.” 
He felt the Falcons’ holds off his arms followed by the view changing to feel cloth thrust over his head blocking his view along with some male voices speaking in gibberish reminding him of Barry and felt sleepiness shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he sensed himself seated in a chair restrained in it while wearing clothes that reminded him of prison wear garb judging by the feel of it. He opened his eyes raising his head to feel the hand off his shoulder which he took a look around finding himself in the King’s office at the White House surrounded by six males which only three of them flared eyes of Builders when he looked at them. He eyed the desk to see the current King seated there that was an older male with a glare on his face. 
Jinks frowned thinking to himself “Either this is a dream or reality. Do hope that this situation isn’t that bad despite dreaming of various bad things that happened to me.” 
He kept his mouth shut as he heard a throat clearing noise sounding from the King focused on the male who spoke “Explain the High Council’s obsession with you.” 
He frowned forming it on his face to hear from Ramses sounding in his mind “Argh High Council you really should be discreet with doing things to First Ones due to that their now noticing it and demanding to know what’s going on with that.” 
He heard nothing more from Ramses as he heard from one of the males in the room “Hmph Ramses is talking to him.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as the King spoke “What did Ramses say to you hmm?”
He heard gibberish spoken from one of the Builders in the room spoke as if compelled “He was commenting to the High Council about them not being discreet when doing things to the Human species they refer as First Ones. He added that First Ones are now noticing the group’s purposes towards their species and is demanding an explanation for it.” 
He clamped his mouth shut to hear an Hmph from the King followed by gibberish spoken from one of the Builders in the room and heard Ramses speaking sounding in his mind “Don’t you dare use that voice on me you stinker! I’ll dump you in King Winter’s Kingdom if you continue to use that tone with me!”
He heard a pause followed by Ramses’ voice speaking “Alright smarty, don’t do that again.”
Jinks felt himself frowning as Ramses went silent along with the headache stopping which he heard from the King “Interesting words for Ramses to use when insulting people.” 
He figured to himself that Ramses broadcasted his talk to the room’s occupants. 
He spoke out loud “Excuse me Ramses is heard all over Australia Atoll by Highlanders and that involves him not able to keep himself from broadcasting to them. Oh the High Council has some kind of machine aimed at the Meritanians to torture them if they say the wrong thing.” 
He heard from the King “Meritanians? Hmm interesting name to call those talking plants when their dubbed Roses around here.” 
Jinks frowned as the view went black which he came to feeling himself in a tube again felt annoyance take hold to will the Master through. He felt tubal sensation stop followed by his arms grabbed by familiar gloved hands which he found himself in the High Council’s throne room. 
Jinks glared at the High Council to hear from Shad “Well what do you have to say hmm?” 
Jinks heard Barry’s voice sounding behind him in a firm tone “Well talk on what you want now.”
He felt compelled to speak stiffened as he spoke in an odd voice tone “Want is irrelevant.” 
He heard from Shad “Interesting.” 
He again spoke as if compelled “Interesting is irrelevant.” 
Jinks eyed the High Council to hear from Shad “Well Banger explain your purpose now.” 
He spoke “Explanations is unnecessary for our purposes.” 
He heard from Barry sounding behind him “Osiris is irrelevant but Horus is not.” 
He frowned as he felt a headache stiffened from the pain grimacing while baring his teeth and then felt sleepiness jerked his eyes shut passing out unconscious. 
Jinks came to finding himself lying on a bed with a blanket on his form. He jerked open his eyes looking around to find himself in a bedroom belonging to the High Council. Jinks’ nose smelled food which he got up from the bed removing the blanket to spot a table nearby holding a tray full of dishware on top along with a chair next to it. He went to sit down and ate the food finding himself terribly hungry which he gobbled it up along with gulping down the drink. He felt himself much better got up and went to sit down doing his stretching exercises while mentally forcing himself to listen to his body for complaints which he sensed none but a stiffness feeling. He got up with a swing up move and proceed to do his Kata only in a middle of a punch felt his arms grabbed by familiar gloved hands. He found himself in the High Council’s throne room which he gave up a loud roar and thrust his feet onto the Falcon’s legs mentally ordering himself to charge of electricity and heard loud awks from them as his arms were let go. Jinks twisted to the side to find himself grabbed by the neck by a hand in an ironclad hold along with feeling his charging electricity backfire hitting him instead of the hand’s owner. Jinks mentally ordered the charging to stop which he saw the hand’s owner was Barry flaring golden eyes. 
He felt compelled to speak spoke in the familiar odd voice tone “Osiris is irrelevant but Horus is not you said.” 
He got silence from Barry who looked away to stare not at the High Council but at something which he looked and frowned feeling confusion hitting him seeing what the Builder was seeing. He saw a very thick trunked tree in yellow shiny color that appeared to not have roots at the bottom end along with at the top end was something green that resembled leafed short hair to him. 
He frowned eyeing the creature which he heard from Lance abruptly “That’s a Dragondrum a living tree with a sentient mind is what the High Council refer as Banger.”
He frowned to feel annoyance take hold eyed the Dragondrum who bounced out of the room with drumming sounds heard along with getting out of sight. Jinks looked at Barry who he saw was looking at the High Council which he reached his hands and grabbed one of Barry’s fingers and gave it a snapping twist to hear a grunt from the Builder as he felt his choking hold released. He quickly darted towards the room’s doorway only to get blocked by Anubis and Falcons who faded from view and again felt the familiar gloved hands on his arms along with forced to turn around facing the High Council and forced into a kneeling position. 
Jinks felt annoyance take hold to hear from Shad “Pathetic.”
He felt a stick object hit him on the head repeatedly grunted from that to hear from Barry speaking sounding angry “You broke my finger.” 
He felt the whacking stop as he eyed Barry to see Anubis had a hand on Barry’s arm along with another hand patting the Builder on the cheek. He continued to eye Barry who shut his eyes and bowed his head as he saw Anubis lean forwards appearing to be whispering to the Builder. 
He eavesdropped “Fathers should only punish but not hurt sons.” 
Jinks frowned as he eyed Barry who appeared to get calmed down by Anubis which the Builder raised his head opening his eyes and spoke in gibberish then disappeared in a flash of light. He felt sleepiness jerked his eyes down to see the metal floor rising to meet him while feeling the hand holds on his arms still there and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

End Book Four
