"I Am Lance Richard, 
Deity Lord." Book 1
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Part One: Old Life

Jinks Montreal, woke up with a start opening Human blue eyes finding himself lying on a one person bed in a room with tan brown walls. He could see the room was narrow and thin with one full arm length from the bed’s longest sides. He got up from the bed and stood up shaking his head then rubbed a hand on his head through his brown wavy hair that fell just above his shoulders. He frowned as he saw a door an arm length or two away from the foot of the bed which he went to and pulled on it. He frowned with annoyance as the door refused to give and with a grunt thumped his fist onto the wooden door. He went to the bed to sit and frowned as a memory of himself arguing with a blond female named Leanna while a senior in Wethersfield High School in the hallway before a bell rang. The argument he remembered was himself telling her he was breaking their date a habit he kept doing to her which she was angry at him. 
He recalled telling Leanna "I'm expected home and couldn’t make our after school date" which she slapped him on the cheek and walked away. 
Jinks grimaced of the memory as he recalled two weeks later one of his friends named Bulk at football practice asked him "What are you going to do for your future?" 
He confusingly spoke "Going to college." 
He was feeling confused when Bulk told him "Leanna is pregnant. She has fingered you as the father of her baby. The rumor is all over the school."
Jinks frowned thinking of the memory as he recalled to himself that he had denied making Leanna pregnant. His friends on the football team led by Bulk had teased him about that denial and apparently not believing his denials. He frowned some more as a memory a school rally for the football team’s game in the State Championship title game happening on the weekend. He was sitting angry grumbling to himself about the treatment he got from the football players. 
The Principal spoke on the microphone "A student recently got pregnant and is lying about the Father. The pointed Father served detention the day the student in question got pregnant."
Jinks frowned hearing the Principal's talk without mentioning names. 
He felt his angry mood left him as the Principal continued "I will give out my threat of suspending the female student for the lying if she doesn’t admit to me who the Father is in private. I was being told by her parents that they caught her with another male both pulling up their pants in her bedroom." 
Jinks frowned as Bulk got up from the stand and walked to the Principal and watched as the football player had a private conversation then announced on microphone "I'm the Father of this student's baby. I'm disappointed in her for lying about it." 
Jinks felt annoyance hearing that as Bulk continued to speak "The student's original boyfriend had broken up with her before given detention. The female was retaliating against him by fingering him as the father of her baby." 
Jinks felt rage running through him as he recalled himself kneeling in the basement of the condo shared with his mother Lizette Montreal. He was kneeling on the rugged floor next to the punching bag hanging from the ceiling when he heard Bulk’s voice with a teasing tone speaking his name from behind him. He kneeling shut his eyes and ghost walked out of his body walking towards Bulk who appeared to not see him despite having a smirking look on his face with laughter in his eyes. He allowed anger to take control attacked Bulk with his fists, arms, legs and feet who groaned loudly with pain in his face hitting him repeatedly.
Bulk hit the floor whining “No more!”
He felt his anger cooling walked back into his body to open his eyes getting up from his kneeling position to walk towards Bulk and once reaching the football player stood leaning over him.
Jinks heard his voice sounded cruel while speaking in a snarling tone “Don’t ever play me again.” 
He saw a shocked expression form on Bulk’s face as he grabbed the football player’s hand and with great strength lifted him up to stand. 
Jinks remembered the memory with rage running through him. He recalled after that incident Bulk avoided him till the High School State Championship Title game. He angrily snarled some growling sound as he remembered throwing a pass near the end of the game toward Bulk who caught the ball and ran for a touchdown which helped the team win the title. After the game to Jinks’ disgust Bulk was declared a hero and was given credit for the pass. 
Bulk heard saying "It's my idea for the play."
Jinks felt annoyance take hold recalling people agreed with Bulk and refused to believe him when he said "It was my idea for that play not Bulk." 
Jinks in the locker room confronted Bulk on the credit that appeared to not listen to him that spoke "I have a scholarship to Yale!"
The other players interrupted to congratulate him leaving Jinks furious and upset. He had hoped to get a scholarship from Yale himself which Bulk got. He fumed with anger that his Mother had to sell their home and nearly everything in it for him to have money for tuition. Mostly to a college named University of Connecticut dubbed UCONN who showed no interest in having him play for their football team. 
He recalled fully that the coach told him whenever he showed up for practice "Go home. I don't need you on the team. Stop showing up for practice. All you'll do is warm the bench for the players." 
Jinks felt his mood bad again as he got up from the bed and went to the foot of it to kneel. He felt his rage running through him as he recalled another memory. In it he was attending English class his fourth year fall semester. After arriving to the school building walking through the effects of the ice storm the previous night from the dorm building where he stayed. 
He was told by the teacher Miss Miller "Jinks, wait after class for a private talk with you."
He frowned as the students left the class giving off giggling noises and smirking in his direction making him annoyed. 
Miss Miller he eyed warily yanked off her glasses with a sad look in her face and told him "Your Mother’s car was found, after a tree in the road covering it, was removed in the morning, appearing to be smashed, with her dead inside." 
Jinks felt himself go dead hearing that as he went to a chair and sat with a blank look on his face. He barely felt Miss Miller’s hand on his shoulder rubbing him gently. 
She spoke "What your Mother would want you to do for her personal affairs? I’ll help you get it the terms via her will if she left one for you." 
Jinks felt his rage cooling from him as he got himself calmer. He shut his eyes and felt himself too tensed to ghost walk and opened his eyes to stare at the bed’s foot. He remembered himself in college in his dorm room counting his money. Most of his and all of his Mother’s were used to pay for cremation and burial at a cemetery in California with her relatives. He discovered that he was about two thousand short allotted to take the four classes he wanted for spring semester and graduating with desired degree in English studies.
Jinks groaned anger leaving him as he recalled posting a sign for selling his Mother’s diamond ring in the dorm room lobby. He wound up leaving it to use the facilities and coming back to find his sign gone which made him a little annoyed. He went to his dorm room to stew and saw an envelope taped to his door. He opened in private of his room to show a check for ten thousand dollars from someone named Louis Jackson with a New York City address. 
Jinks exhaled a breath struggling to relax as he remembered using the ten thousand to pay for his tuition and graduating from UCONN. Jinks recalled there wasn't a graduation ceremony for him to attend. Instead the knowledge of such graduation ceremony was kept from him he finding out about it via newspaper taped to his door. Jinks recalled felt annoyance take hold when he got a notice of eviction from the school on his dorm room's door. He recalled spending the summer time at the school dorm struggling to find work before a certain date in August comes when he’ll be forced out as in arrested and things tossed into the garbage. Jinks frowned as he had gone to the computer lab at the school library and looked online two weeks before he was to leave the dorm room. He found a small community college in Winsted that had a deaf program that was requesting interpreters for deaf students there. He proceeded to use the rest of the money to get cab to a town named Winsted to rent a two room apartment and going to the local college asking for work. He had to demonstrate to the college deaf program’s president his sign language ability along with being tested by the faculty who worked with the deaf on his sign language skills. They offered him the job of being an interpreter for an English class two days a week with the other days leaving him bored with nothing much to do. Winsted didn’t offer much for him to do and left him in his apartment alone a lot staring at the TV with fuzzy screen and hearing the people on the TV talk like a radio.
Jinks wound up thinking to himself "Is there more to my life than this?" 
He got his answer one night near the end of the college semester in December he heard a knock on the door and went to open it. 
He met a Highlander female "I like to use your services for sex. I’ll pay you money cash with no questions asked via this envelope I have in my hand." 
Jinks didn't protest did the sexual deed on the floor of the apartment. He feeling like he enjoyed the feeling from being inside her while not holding himself back but didn’t mention anything about it. Once he was done she gave him a thick envelope which he discovered had one thousand in cash in it and she left his apartment. 
He got another answer of being used for doing sexual favors towards females question answered. It happened a week before Christmas the doorbell to his apartment in Winsted rang and he went to answer. He saw a female Human with wavy long black hair, tan skin of a biracial Human heritage and blue Human eyes.
She told him "I'm a neighbor in another apartment. I'm miserable from the holidays coming up. I wanted to have sex to get over the sadness of the upcoming holiday. Would you invite me in? Have sex with me?" 
He had agreed by allowing her into his apartment where he proceeded have sex with her on the floor of the living room after both stripped their clothing. Jinks felt himself enjoying the sex and felt himself becoming alive again. He didn’t hold himself back while spilling inside her. 
Once done with the sex the female told him "My name is Janel. I hoped you and I will meet again."
He told her his name "The name's Jinks."
After that she got up got dressed and left the apartment leaving him to spend the week and Christmas alone by himself. Jinks wound up eating his food doing nothing but eating and sleeping on the couch on and off while waiting for his doorbell to ring further from other females. He discovered one morning two days after Christmas that he was out of food and walked out into the cold after a snow storm he finding nothing to indicate on being used for sexual favors.
He met an old man wearing a suit who talked "Jinks, your Father is a good man. I knew him."
The old man's talk riled him up to yell "My Father abandoned me after my Mother had me!" 
He felt a prick of pain in his neck followed by sleepiness fell unconscious towards the ground. 
Jinks woke up lying in a hospital bed restrained to it in an all white room. He saw Janel walk into the room from a curtained doorway to stand next to his bed staring at him with pity in her eyes. He felt a weird feeling as he stared at her and his eyes traveled towards her abdomen. 
He heard a male voice speak “Daddy.”
Jinks freed an arm from the restrain while hearing Janel give off a gasp. He thrust his hand onto her abdomen to see a wide look of shock in her eyes as he freed his other arm and wrapped the arm around her in a hug. 
He felt himself feeling happy from the feel of Janel to rant to himself out loud “Mine, mine, mine.” 
He heard Janel gasp loudly while feeling her stiffen from his ranting. He cut off to stare at her with his eyes looking in her eyes. He saw pity in them as he let go of her to unclasp his necklace holding his Mother’s diamond ring. He took off the ring and placed on Janel’s left hand’s ring finger then resumed hugging her.
Jinks thought to himself then "I have a purpose and its having a wife while she's carrying my child." 
Jinks recalled getting out of the mental insane asylum in somewhere in New York state brought out by Janel. She wound up avoiding answering questions to why he was contained in the first place. They both had an argument while in the cab on the subject. 
Janel wound up using her pregnancy status towards Jinks "I'm pregnant! It's why I'm bringing you out of the insane asylum! So quit it with your questions now! I'm very stressed out and trying to relax from the carrying!"
Janel ended the argument so Jinks didn't comment as he wound up looking out the window from the town of Wolf's Howl, New York to find the cab's driver drove to New York City stopping in front of a building. He was escorted out of the cab to inside the building pass the lobby to the stairs. It was where they took too many sets Jinks forced to carry Janel the rest of the way. 
She was complaining "My feet hurt." 
They reached a hallway and she stopped the carrying at a door numbered eight on it in some pen ink scrawl and unlocked it. Inside he saw was a high ceilinged industrial loft apartment with scattered furniture around surrounding a large bed against a wall facing the doorway. He could see a kitchen unit next to the doorway on the same wall with the windows on his right, a blank wall on his left holding living room furniture. 
As for Janel she refused to go out to explore the city with him instead told Jinks "Feel free to go out and explore for me. I don't feel too well to go out and explore myself."
Jinks wound up having to go out himself to explore the city mostly staying within Chinatown which was where the apartment building was on the edge of it-

Jinks was interrupted "That doesn't say what or how you found out about the trickery."
He gave the speaker a glare in response to hear "Just tell the story anyway you want Daddy."
Jinks obeyed to speak "As I was saying before the rude interruption."

Jinks sighed as he laid in bed under candle light staring at Janel whose abdomen swollen showing her pregnancy. 
He was thinking to himself “Two weeks to go.” 
He meant Janel's nine week pregnancy instead of the traditional nine months. Nine weeks was something any other female in Shadan wound up having while carrying an offspring instead of nine months. Anyway he heard Janel gasp in pain and saw a pained look on her face while hearing her groan loudly before becoming still with breathing sharp. He abruptly got up from the bed towards the phone hanging on the wall next to the kitchen unit and dialed for emergency. The medical personal were quick to arrive soon after the phone call by ringing the doorbell. 
It was soon after he panicky spoke on the phone despite not hearing a dial tone "It's Janel! She's indicating on having a problem with the baby! Send help now!" 
The medical personal took Janel with him to the hospital. He sat in the waiting room waiting for news on Janel as a man wearing scrubs came into the room speaking his name.
He stood up and was told "The baby, a boy was taken out surgically and discovered dead." 
He felt himself stiffen as the doctor added "Janel wound up dying on the operating table from some problem with her heart." 
He was handed back the diamond ring before sitting down with deadness again arriving within him.
Jinks after Janel was declared dead, he wound up in their apartment, clearing up a shelf in the wall underneath the windows that was knee high. He put Janel’s favorite sweater folded on it with some candles not lighted flanking it. He pulled out from his dresser drawer a karate weapon two lower arms sized metal bars attached by a chain. He used to do his karate motions along with doing it without the weapon. He had finished his karate when the phone rang and he went to answer it. 
He heard a male voice sounding electronic "There’s an opening for a janitor at a building called Richardson Industries walking distance from your apartment. You should show up there at an appointed time of nine o'clock in the morning the next day. We’ll make sure you’ll get the job." 
Jinks wound up thinking soon after he got the job "The janitor job I acquired easily but seemed with resistance from the boss. I discovered the boss Burke Richardson of Richardson Industries seemed to have a strong dislike towards me. It's judging by the feeling I got whenever I met Richardson in the hallway who glared at me with anger sensed simmering from the man." 
Jinks figured out the dislike behavior was from himself doing some mopping in the cafeteria room. 
He got approached by a brown haired woman with brown eyes looking at him with a creepy intense look "Richardson wanted to see you in his office now." 
He had taken the elevator to Richardson’s office.
Richardson in his office spoke in a rude tone "You're to take the stairs instead of the elevator. My officer floor wasn’t properly vacuumed. I expected you to do better than that lousy job you did."
Jinks felt himself snap which he attacked Richardson hitting and kicking at him with his karate who had no defenses from his blows. 
He managed to get Richardson lying on the floor till the man spoke with pleading in his voice “Please don’t hurt me.”
He stopped his attack went to the phone and dialed for emergency. He thrust the phone into Richardson's hand who clutched it. Jinks then took the stairs back to the cafeteria where he continued to mop the floor. 
Jinks was interrupted by Richardson’s second in command a man named Teague Marshall who told him "Richardson told me to tell you that he was taken to the hospital to be checked out." 
He had shrugged at what he was told and continued mopping till Teague came back and told him "Richardson wants you in his office now." 
Jinks followed Teague to Richardson’s office to see the man was sitting in his desk with a frown on his face eyes staring at a Highlander. Not the medieval Highlander but Highlanders are a species that lived on Shadan before the Human's arrival. Their known for pointy ears and small Asian eyes despite having various skin coloring never dark brown and various hair coloring always long in length that was twin to Humans' hair coloring. He frowned as Richardson got up from the desk to stand next to him.
The Highlander, he heard, spoke in an emotionless monotone voice always spoken by them "I have found your Father, Jinks. He's a good man-" 
Jinks got riled up in anger interrupting "My Father abandoned me! I will have nothing to do with him!" 
Jinks was restrained by Richardson and Teague who held him in an ironclad grip as the Highlander undid Jinks’ necklace and walked out of the office with it. Jinks had struggled against the two men’s hold till Richardson’s phone rang and he was let go. He felt himself in a daze walked out ignoring Richardson answering the phone and speaking. He walked out of the building ignoring people and walked outside till some odd feeling of compulsion inside him that got his hand up in front of him. It took him the rest of the day to mentally track his ring attached to the necklace. He wound up walking through Chinatown with some of the Asians looking at his way with glares on their faces which he ignored. It was dark by the time he tracked the ring at a temple with doors open. He walked inside walking several corridors till he reached a large room with a statue sitting in a cross legged pose at one end. A young Asian Human wearing orange clothing lying asleep on the floor in front of it with a hand holding his necklace and ring attached. He had felt anger arriving went to a large candle holder stick next to the wall of a statue of a young Asian Human that looked realistic. Jinks ignored the statue he assumed was just a statue. 
He took off the lighted candle and mentally ordered "Male up!" 
The male got up with eyes closed. 
Jinks mentally ordered "My necklace with ring back to me now." 
The Asian gave to him he pocketed in his pocket despite feeling a faint tugging sensation from the area he ignored.
He heard water sounds mentally ordered "Male to follow me."
Jinks walked several corridors till where he heard water moving fast like a fountain. He walked further nearing the water’s source till the candle went out with a whoosh. Jinks heard a gasp sound from behind him followed by blinking his eyes as electric light from above turned on. He discovered himself in a courtyard with lights from above illuminating the contents he saw was he surrounded by Asian males in orange clothing with one in his line of sight holding his necklace. He brought a hand to his pocket to discover the necklace gone then with anger snapped the candle in two and charged towards the Asian holding the necklace. His charge was blocked by the same Asian he mentally controlled who met his karate with equal karate. Jinks found himself getting knocked to the ground and mist blown in his face which made him sleepy and he fell asleep only to wake up in the room lying on a cot. Jinks wound up recalling several memories in his mind while contained in the room. He wound up exhaled air through his mouth and breathed through his nose as he lied down on the bed eyes staring at the wooden ceiling. 
He recalled being in High School finishing his junior year and it was the beginning of the summer time coming down the stairs to see his Mother walk inside the apartment with a bald man in a suit she was kissing him on the lips as he was doing the same. He felt annoyance of jealousy running through him as his Mother broke off the kiss to eye him with a spaced out look. 
She heard speaking in a slurred voice tone told him "Inky get wine from the cabinet from the kitchen. Pour it in cups for me and Hank I call this dude to drink." 
He stared at the male who looked at him with a smirking smile before winking which put him off still setting off his jealousy attitude as his Mother led Hank to the living room out of sight by the hallway corridor in the way. Jinks went to the half bath to get a bottle of sleeping pills from the vanity and took out two pills which he walked to the kitchen. He grabbed a bottle of apple juice from the refrigerator knowing that sleeping pills and alcohol don't mix and poured parts of it into two mug cups then with fisted hands crushed the pills letting the contents fall into the cups. Jinks carried the cups into the living room and handed them to his Mother and Hank who drank the wine both appearing to get drunk from it while falling asleep. He stood and waited as they finally fell asleep leaning on the couch cups dropping onto the floor. With a glare of jealousy at Hank he picked up a lighter and lit a candle sitting next to the armchair on a table which he held up. 
Jinks mentally ordered “Hank up.”
He stared at Hank who got up from the couch his eyes still closed form jerking and he again ordered “Follow me, Hank.” 
Jinks walked out of the apartment looking behind him several times to see Hank jerk walking drunkenly like following him as he left the complex to the road crossing it to the lake bank across the street. 
He ordered mentally to Hank “Walk in the water.”
He watched as Hank walked into the water walking till it was over his head and he sensed the male was still walking while taking in water with oxygen running out. Jinks kept his senses clued to Hank as the male’s form stopped walking giving up to death and he blew out the candle. Jinks turned and walked back to his apartment with his Mother lying on the couch inside. 
He placed the candle down on the table and held up a hand and mentally spoke “Wake up, Mom.” 
His Mother woke up with eyes unfocused while shaking her head. He took her arm and guided her out of the living room to up the stairs to her bedroom which he helped her lie down to bed. 
Jinks placed a hand on her forehead and mentally spoke “Sleep.”
He watched as his Mother shut her eyes breathing deep as she went to sleep.
Jinks stood staring at his Mother lying in the bed asleep and he spoke out loud “No one can have you for I’ll see to it even if I have to have you die.” 
He stared at her as she didn’t stir knowing she didn’t hear him speak his words due to her deafness then left the room going to his bedroom shutting the door. 
Jinks didn't know it at the time that his words proved prophetic regarding his mother. It was the next day since Hank was forced into the water. He frowned with grimace as he remembered being in the grocery store walking distance from home asking for work.
Jinks told by a manager there "Sorry the job positions are filled up. We can’t hire anyone but are willing to keep your asking on file for our records if a position opened." 
He felt anger left the grocery store walking out to meet his Mother outside where they walked in the parking lot towards another building that housed a karate school. He was hoping to sign up for karate lessons and further them. 
The karate school’s owner, Mister Lee’s was rude to him and his Mother's requests to be a pupil of his school.
Jinks wound up told "I don't teach karate to foreigners like you! I only teach karate to people of my ancestry period so get out now!" 
He left the school with his Mother grumbling while signing hand language to him "The owner’s rudeness sounds like he's prejudiced against teaching others who aren't Asian like him! How rude of him! Why couldn't he just use a polite tone for this?!"
Jinks frowned as at night time he snuck out of the apartment carrying a candle and a lighter in his pocket of his jeans while wearing a hooded light jacket with hood covering his head. He has always kept up the habit of sneaking out of the apartment always wearing his hooded light jacket. Jinks always made sure to carry a lighter and candle along with him. He managed to figure out that he could control people via lighted candles but it made the people look like drunkards with eyes shut by their walking. He didn't know it at the time that the candle lighted ability had something to do with mental abilities he inherited, he would find out later. 
Jinks went to the grocery store’s parking lot and spotted a car set apart from the others furthest from the store which he went to feeling curious. He saw inside the car was a young male asleep wearing the grocery store’s uniform on him. He stared at the man and looked at the karate school as an idea came to his mind. He pulled out the candle and the lighter which he lit the candle and put away the lighter. 
Jinks mentally ordered towards the male “Get out of the car.”
The male he saw obeyed getting out of the car with his eyes still closed while moving his form jerkily. 
He again ordered mentally “Follow me.” 
Jinks walked to the school followed by the male till they reached the glass door. 
He ordered “Smash yourself through the door and destroy the contents of everything inside.” 
Jinks waited as the male made a running jog smashing himself through the glass door and watched as the man began using his fists and legs to cause damage to the inside of the building as in smashing the mirrors and smashing the walls causing holes as he heard an alarm go off. He walked away carrying the lighted candle and walked across the street to stand underneath a tree eyes on the karate school building waiting and watching. He was rewarded when he saw flashing lights of a police car arriving to the parking lot followed by two officers running out of the cruiser with guns drawn. He blew out the candle and then walked away. He walked home unnoticed in the moonlight going inside the apartment and got himself to his room to lie on the bed closing his eyes. In the morning he went downstairs to see his Mother in tears with the local news playing on the TV with captions for her to read what's said on the screen. 
He signed to her “What’s wrong, Mom?”
Jinks stared at his Mother who signed looking at him “My date Hank was found in the lake nearby home floating on the water. It appeared that he drowned himself according to the news on TV after drinking himself drunk.” 
He frowned but didn't feel sorry for his stunt of drowning Hank. Jinks didn't admit this stunt to his Mother but he suspected that she figured him out by his attitude towards males she tried to pair herself too. 
Anyway the phone rang and he went to answer it and heard "It's the manager of the grocery store. You're to report for work at an afternoon hour of one o'clock. For there’s an opening for you." 
He smiled a smirk as he thought to himself “I get what I want.” 
With all things Jinks would wound up paying a price tag in his stunts. He recalled one price tag was the death of a male via his hand while he was finding out his ghost walking ability via his body in a kneeling pose. 
In the memory he recalled he was a young boy age ten years old lying in a bed of a dirty seedy apartment while hearing punching sounds and his Mother crying out in pain from another room through the thin walls. He felt rage arrive within him got up from the bed darting into the bedroom next to his to see a fat bald male who his Mother called him Elk hitting her in the stomach while having a hand on her throat in a choke hold. 
He could see his Mother signing frantically "You shouldn’t hit me for its wrong!"
Jinks heard Elk speaking many words he hadn’t heard before which riled him up to charge into the room with hands becoming fists. He rammed himself into Elk from behind hitting the man with his fists that appeared to have no effect on him. Elk he saw threw a meaty fist into his Mother’s face that went limp as he pummeled the man from behind. Jinks watched as his Mother hit the floor released from Elk’s hold as the male turned around with speed. He found himself hit by Elk’s fists that dazed him and found himself kneeling on the floor with dizziness in his eyes sight. Elk picked up his Mother by the throat and again began hitting her with his fist. He felt a weird feeling an urge to close his eyes which he obeyed till he discovered himself out of his body standing near Elk’s tall height which he felt rage hit him. He angrily hit Elk who reacted groaning in pain and dropped his Mother. He discovered to his rage that Elk couldn’t see him in his ghost form which he proceeded to use his fists and legs aimed at the man who groaned in pain from being hit. He saw his Mother wake up with pain in her eyes making him madder out of jealousy and anger. His anger became full blown and he quickly stepped up his attack hitting Elk every where not sparing anything till the man was lying on the floor unconscious. He saw his Mother get up as he angrily brought his foot onto the back of Elk’s neck hard and heard a crack sound which the man’s breathing was heard cut off. He glared at Elk and again slammed his foot on the man’s neck repeatedly not noticing anything around him. He found himself back in his body with a hand on his arm he recognized as his Mother’s and opened his eyes as he heard her gasp loudly. He smiled an evil smile eyes aimed at Elk’s body feeling satisfaction on what he did and felt a hand on his chin pulling his face away from looking. His smile went away as his eyes settled on his Mother eyes showing some golden like look in them to his nervousness.
She removed her hand to sign with both hands “Elk was never your Father. Your real Father actually abandoned us after you were born. He didn’t want to be saddled with the responsibility of caring for a child.”
Jinks nodded his head in understanding as she continued “Pack up things in a bag for we’re leaving. I don’t want to be here when the cops come just to explain to them Elk’s death.” 
He nodded his head and got up going to his bedroom pulling out a duffle bag from underneath the bed and went to the dresser taking out a drawer full of items which were all the clothes he had and stuffed them in the bag. He walked out of the apartment carrying the bag to the living room to see his Mother standing there with a hand on her suitcase. He without a word followed her out of the apartment quietly going in the hallway down the stairs out to the parking lot to the car where his Mother stuffed his bag and suitcase in the back and they both got in driving off into the night. 
It was New Year’s Eve before the New Year of 2003 when that transfer of a piece of Planet Earth to Planet Shadan happened. 
His mother stopped the car one night to sleep near midnight on a dark road on the side. Jinks at the moment looked out the window to see the sky lit up with fire and felt booming vibrations which his mother woke up and clamped her arms around him. He saw white cloud arrived fogging up their eyesight surrounding him and he felt the air become thin along with pressure pressing him towards the ground via the seat which his mother cried in distress. Then suddenly the cloudy fog went away followed by the sun shining high overhead along with the pressure feeling followed by rain which he felt much better. He heard his mother sigh loudly before releasing her hold on him and then she continued to drive the car till night fall which they stopped at a camp ground and slept in the car. 
His mother drove them out of Colorado is where Elk died in, to another nearby state mostly in the south Arizona where in the morning after sleeping in the car at a campground she exchanged the car for another one at a used car lot she claims it was. Actually she was seen using some kind of golden eyed look onto a male getting out of his car and waving a hand in his face followed by he giving her the car keys and she giving him her car's keys. 
After that incident his Mother has refused to talk about the subject instead remained tight lipped. 
He recalled that she drove the new car with him in it driving across the United States stopping at night time at campgrounds to sleep in the car which she drove all day till they passed a sign welcoming them into the state of Connecticut stopping in a town called Wethersfield. She enrolled him in school days after getting a condo in a complex on a quiet street along with signing him up for karate at a martial arts school out of town owned by an Asian female who personally oversaw his learning. 
Jinks remembered getting a declared to him black belt rank from the karate school's Sensei, before it closed its doors and the owner moved out of state mysteriously, near the end of his junior year in high school. 
He frowned as he again recalled his mother tried to get him enrolled in Mister Lee’s karate school walking distance from his home. 
Jinks the afternoon after he used his candle lighter trick the previous night, was walking to the grocery store after they called him in the morning, near the appointed afternoon hour, to see a crowd gathered near Mister Lee’s karate school with police officers standing around. He went to join the crowd and saw Mister Lee talking to a police officer with annoyance on his face. He frowned as Mister Lee spotted him in the crowd and pointed a finger at his direction with anger on his face. He saw the police officer look at his direction with an odd look on his face he would later learn was reverence before shaking his head before turning his attention back to Mister Lee. He sighed and left the crowd walking to the grocery store going inside where he was given a uniform and told what to do. 
An hour in the shift of himself stocking the shelves full of canned goods from the boxes is when he was interrupted by someone grabbing his shoulder. He was forced to turn around and saw it was Mister Lee who had anger in his face and eyes. He shrugged off Mister Lee’s grip to turn resuming stocking. 
Jinks heard Mister Lee speak from behind him saying “You foreigner kid. You bullied York to trash my school.” 
Jinks ignored Mister Lee’s comment and kept on stocking as the man continued speaking “I’ll get you for this for the divine will make sure you pay dearly.” 
He heard nothing more from Mister Lee turned around to find the Asian was gone. 
After his shift was over he walked home carrying the uniform in his hand and reached the condo to see the front door open along with the screen and saw his mother’s purse lying on the ground which he tossed it inside along with his uniform and shut the screen door. He felt a compelling urge to raise his hand which he did and felt a pulling feeling onto the area, which guided him to across the street to the forest of trees and a swamp lying there. He went into the swamp with his hand in front of him till his hand pointed down. Jinks found his mother looking unconscious in the water almost sinking under after pulling up branches lying on top of her. He grabbed her arms and dragged her out of the swamp across the street to the condo and pulled her inside to the couch putting her form on top of it. No one stopped to help him despite there was traffic on the road on the way to get his Mother inside.
He saw the phone’s answering machine light blinking which he pressed some buttons and heard a sneering voice he recognized as Mister Lee’s speaking words saying “Jinks Montreal, you have paid dearly for what you did to my school and you won’t find your mother till its too late for I made sure of that.” 
He glared at the phone and picked it up calling the police who arrived soon after his mother woke up groaning loudly. 
He stood in the apartment interpreting his mother’s sign language to the police telling them "She said 'Mister Lee came upon me in the complex and escorted me to my apartment before hitting me in the face knocking me to the ground unconscious.'"
He wound up telling the cops ignoring his mother lip reading him where he found her in the swamp and the message left by Mister Lee on the answering machine. He didn’t say a word as he saw one of the cops writing something on a pad which he watched as his mother is handed it who groan loudly reading it. 
He frowned as one of the cops a male spoke to him “Come outside with me please. I want a private talk with you.”
He stood outside on the porch as the cop spoke again “Mister Lee aka Tan has fingered you as an accomplice to York Leroy trashing his karate school and has been very insistence of that.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the cop continued speaking “Tan, I must explain is picking on you due to the pain of losing his business to burglary destruction and his house to a fire the same night that destroyed everything leaving him penniless with nothing much to live on. It has made him angry enough to blame someone for his troubles.”
He felt annoyance arrive as the cop included “My partner is currently informing your mother of this through his pad writing. I request you and your mother have pity on Tan for his actions. Its just actions of an angry man that is taking out his troubles on you and your mother. I assure you that we’ll talk to Tan about how not appropriate his behavior is."
Jinks at the moment felt himself feeling angry as the cops took leave of him and his mother. He went inside the condo slamming the door and locked it behind him. He went in the living room to find his mother gone from it and assumed that she was in her bedroom. He angrily stomped around the apartment waving fisted hands as rage ran through him till a headache arrived which calmed him down to go to his room slamming the door which he went to his bed to lie on it and felt sleepiness and fell asleep. 
Jinks recalled to himself working at the grocery store for two weeks straight with one day each week as a day off, which is traditionally seven days, an Earth calendar still used in Shadan. 
He recalled one of the employees stopped by with a smirk on the face speaking "You're to go to the manager’s office now." 
He felt annoyance running through him of the manager speaking "You're being fired from the job. I don't owe you an explanation given. I want you to turn in your uniform and leave now without a scene. I'll have you arrested if you don't leave now."
He wound up the next day ordered by his mother "You're to get groceries from the store with the money I gave you to use to purchase the food. Just get out of my sight now and go buy whatever you want. I don't give a damn what you buy. Just as long as you get out of this apartment and stay out for awhile."
Jinks bared his teeth with anger arriving seeing Tan Lee wearing a grocery store employee uniform walk by him not noticing him while going into an aisle.
"This made me furious to discover the reason for my firing" He assumed to himself.
He had managed to keep himself cool to buy two large cloth bags full of groceries, but used the self checkout machine for that, with the money his mother gave him and walked home fuming in anger. After putting away the groceries he stormed to his room to sit on the bed allowing anger to run through him. 
He heard the doorbell rang as he got calmer and heard his mother yelling "Jinks!"
Jinks' Mother can talk, verbalize her words whenever she was feeling up to it but she only used her talking ability towards him whenever he was in trouble. He found her voice led downstairs which he went to see at the door was Tan with a frown on his face standing at the doorway holding a pad in his hand. 
He stared at Tan with annoyance in his face as the man spoke “Jinks, I’m sorry for what I did to you and your mother. I must explain that I was very angry and was taking out my rage onto you and your mother. My source of my anger was due to losing my home to a fire that destroyed everything and my business to a burglary the same day.”
He narrowed his eyes forming a glare on his face while folding his arms as Tan paused then continued speaking “I hope you’ll find the time to accept my apology for it’s alright with me if you don’t feel like accepting it. I believe you would be angry at me for what I did. I suspect it’ll take awhile to calm down from the anger.”
He frowned inwardly as Tan again paused then added “I have explained this to Lizette by writing to her and made it clear that her son will not be happy with me and have some resentment towards me which I warned her will take awhile to get over.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Tan looked at his mother nodding his head and walked out of the apartment with his mother slamming the door behind him which he flinched from the noise. 
He stood as his mother looked at him with anger in her eyes to sign “Tan has people’s sympathy from his losses but he has no sympathy from me. His bad behavior towards you and me, I’m annoyed that he’s getting away with without any punishment by people’s pity.”
His mother paused then continued to sign “I made it clear to Tan in writing that I will not sympathize him but has accepted his apology. He wrote that he understands what he did to you and I.”
Jinks unfolded his arms as his mother included signing “Go spend the evening in your room for I’m still angry. I want to be alone for awhile.” 
He obeyed seeing her flaring golden eyes and jabbing a finger up, going up the stairs to his room leaving his door open ajar going to his bed to sit on it eyes staring at the walls ears trained for sound. 
Jinks heard a door slam he recognized belonging to his mother’s bedroom door which he got up from the bed and went to his desk next to the door. He picked up a candle, his keys to the apartment and his lighter which he stuffed in his jean pockets and walked out of his room gently closing the door behind him. He went down the stairs turning off the stairwell light going out the door locking it behind him. He exhaled air breathing the night air in the moonlight shining overhead. 
He wandered around the series of condo buildings in the complex till he came around a building to froze seeing Tan escorted by an old Asian female with white hair walking in his direction highlighted by a street light, which he stood watching them. He watched as the Asians appeared to not notice him stop at a lighted door with the female unlocking it and they both going inside porch light turning off. He felt rage arrive within him taking control as he walked around the apartment building to spot movement in one of the windows above him to see Tan pulling down shades covering the window. He stood eyes watching the window as his anger ran through him and was rewarded when the glowing shade stopped its glowing. He pulled out the candle and the lighter lighting up the candle and putting away the lighter. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Tan, come to me.” 
He repeated the order eyes on the window to see the shade pop up and watched as Tan opened the window to sit on the window still and jump off falling towards the ground down below him. 
Jinks heard a snapping sound and watched as Tan stood up limping jerkily towards him which he mentally spoke “Stand still, Tan.” 
He kneeled closing his eyes as he ghost walked out of his body towards Tan attacking the man with his ghost form as his anger raged through him. He continued to use his martial arts on Tan till his anger stopped and he felt himself calmer ghost walked back into his body to open his eyes and he stood up. 
Jinks ordered mentally “Tan, follow me.” 
He walked around the apartment building to the front door and ordered “Tan, stand at the door and wait.” 
He walked away going into the shadows till he was hidden by the darkness of the trees leaning over him above. 
Jinks stared at Tan and mentally ordered “Tan, ring the doorbell.” 
Jinks watched as Tan rang the doorbell and he blew out the candle to smile of satisfaction hearing the man give out a scream of terror before collapsing onto the ground. He saw the door to the condo open showing the Asian female who screamed before running inside. He quietly walked away in the cover of the darkness of the trees going to his home letting himself inside by his key. 
Jinks frowned seeing the living room light on and spotted his mother sitting in an armchair in his line of sight and saw that she could see him by her eyes looking in his direction. 
He groaned softly turned and went to the stairs his process halted by her voice speaking loudly saying “Jinks.” 
Jinks heard the familiar tone of voice that told him that he was in trouble which he turned around and walked into the living room to stand in front of her. 
He stared at her with a blank expression in his face and eyes as she signed “Empty out your pockets.” 
Jinks obeyed showing the candle and the lighter along with his keys which he heard her give off a groan sound.
Jinks frowned inwardly wondering to himself “Does she know what I use the candle for?”
He stared at her as she continued to sign “Jinks, I don’t like you walking out at night alone. I would be devastated if anything bad happened to you for you’re my only family and I don’t want to be left alone.” 
He sighed as she paused then added “Please promise me you won’t take any more night walks outside alone any more.” 
He stared at her as he saw pleading in her eyes which he placed the items away in his pockets to sign “I promise, Mom.”
He frowned some more inwardly as she signed “Go to bed, Jinks. It’s late and I want to go to bed.”
Jinks nodded his head and turned leaving the living room going up the stairs while hearing the lights in the living room click off and he went to his bedroom putting away his items from his pockets. He grabbed his pajama pants and went into the bathroom across the hall from his bedroom to shower smiling to himself as the events of Tan being hurt flashed in his mind. He finished with the showering left the bathroom clad in his pajama pants holding his clothes and shoes and walked into his bedroom closing the door behind him with a kick of his foot. He dropped his clothes in the laundry hamper and went to his bed lying on it. 
He again smiled to himself as he thought “Serves Tan right for what he did to me and my mother.”
He shut his eyes falling asleep-

Jinks was interrupted "What price tag did you pay for your stunt onto this Tan in question hmm?"
He glared at the speaker with annoyance running through him.
He kept the glare as he heard a female voice speaking "Just let Daddy tell the story, any way he wants."
Jinks obeyed speaking ignoring the voice's comment.

Jinks woke up with a start as smells of food assaulted his nose which he sat up to look at the foot of the bed, while in the cot room, in front of the door was a wooden tray with block stands holding bowls of food and drink, which he felt himself hungry got up from the bed. He went to the tray to sit down and helped himself to the food eating ravenously till there was nothing left. He adjusted his position to kneel closing his eyes. He heard the sound of the door sliding open in front of him followed by a throat clearing noise which he jerked open his eyes to find the door open and no one in sight. He frowned getting up walking out into the hallway to hear chanting noises in gibberish that sounded like "Ay Kabaiya." spoken over and over. He would later learn that the words were related to Lance Richard's followers or disciples themselves, not till later in his life. Jinks followed the sound going through corridors pass doorways till he reached a large doorway to see a large room with ten figures all kneeling in rows of two each person backs to him in front of a large statue of a male figure sitting crossed legged. He felt a compulsion to kneel which he obeyed and shut his eyes finding his mind too cluttered to ghost walk and heard silence seemingly lengthy followed by a throat clearing noise. He opened his eyes to find the kneeling figures were gone and one of them was standing next to him with a frowning look in his face. 
He stood up as the male spoke “You can leave and I will show you the way out.”
Jinks stood up automatically putting a hand on his neck to feel his necklace with the ring attached around it. He frowned as no memory of it getting there flashed in his mind. He without a word followed the monk he assumed was his title to the temple’s entrance as the sun slowly shined its rays of light starting a new day. He walked out walking aimlessly wandering among people who paid him no notice till he felt a compulsion to walk into an alleyway which he obeyed walking into it. He walked down it till he saw a pink door on his left with a hanging sign above in foreign language symbols on it he assumed was Chinatown's language. 
He would later learn it involved Highlanders' written language for karate actually. 
He frowned as he reached the door and knocked on it. 
Jinks heard voice from inside speaking loudly “Come in its open.” 
He opened the door and walked inside to see a large room appearing to be a karate studio judging by the karate style weapons hanging on the walls along with multiple colored belts. Jinks saw an Asian man with some familiarity standing staring at him while wearing a black karate uniform belted by a black belt. 
He stared at the Asian who spoke “Ah Jinks Montreal, so we finally meet again.”
He frowned hearing the words with confusion running through him as the Asian continued speaking “I know you and you know me as Tan Lee from your past.” 
Jinks stiffen of shock he realized why the Asian was familiar to him as Tan added speaking “The Lotus Order recommended you to me with some specific instructions I’m not to say what they are but I’ll teach you what you need to know. Please take off your shoes for I request you to fight me karate style for I like to know your defenses and offensives moves.” 
He shrugged and obeyed taking off his sneakers and went to Tan who held up his hands which he attacked with legs kicking and fists swinging. 
He felt himself easily knocked to the floor which he heard Tan speak as he lay on the mat “Please get up. Don’t let yourself easily annoyed by being defeated each time you fight me.” 
Jinks got up and again attacked Tan and once again found himself lying on the mat with annoyance running through him. He angrily swung himself up with an acrobatic move and charged towards Tan a full body attack. Jinks found himself flat on his back with Tan leaning over him with arms folded a frown in his eyes. 
He stared at Tan with his anger simmering who spoke “You have much to learn, Jinks.”
Jinks frowned at Tan’s words as his anger left him via the familiar headache hitting him again which the Asian offered him his hand and he gripped it to find himself lifted up easily to a standing position. 
He formed a frown on his face as Tan continued “I should have known better not to reject you when you asked to be one of my pupils. Perhaps things would have turned out different but can’t change the past but I have the future to change.”
He kept the frown on his face as Tan added “Please kneel and close your eyes.” 
Jinks obeyed and found his mind too cluttered to ghost walk while hearing Tan instruct him on breathing techniques. It calmed him down clearing his mind but the urge to ghost walk wasn’t there. He found himself relaxing from the breathing to mediate as Tan went silent. 
Jinks found himself better and opened his eyes as Tan included “Please fight me again.”
He nodded his head and got up to stand sparring with Tan while shrugging off his defeats of being knocked to the mat repeatedly which he got up each time. 
Jinks fought till Tan spoke “Enough sparring, I think you have learned enough and you can leave. I expect another visit sometime in the future from you.” 
Jinks nodded his head in agreement and went to his shoes putting them on and he walked out sighing as he walked out of Chinatown going to his apartment several streets away going inside to hear his alarm blare its noises. He sighed loudly went to the alarm clock and turned it off going to his dresser next to the bed on the right side next to a bed stand. He put on his janitor uniform and pocketed his keys walking out of the apartment walking out of the building walking up the street walking a mile till Richardson Industries’ building loomed in his eyes sight which he went inside the lobby. Jinks stiffened as he felt a hand touching his arm in an ironclad grip which he jerked his arm out to stare at a woman with brown hair and brown eyes that seemed familiar to him who stared back at him with an intense probing stare look that creep him out. 
He would later get more of that intense staring probing look from others that kept on creeping him out. 
He formed annoyance on his face as the woman spoke “My name is Mara King.”
Jinks felt himself compelled to speak which he spoke “My name is Lance Richard.”
He stared at with shock running through him as Mara who opened her mouth to speak then closed it before walking away going towards the elevators and slipping inside one. Jinks shook his head of confusion running through him and went to the janitor’s closet in a hallway yanking out his cleaning supplies and went to an elevator taking it to the cafeteria floor. He sighed as he got to work mopping the floor. 
He nearly had the large floor mopped when he was interrupted by a voice speaking behind him saying “Nice weather outside isn’t it?”
Jinks rolled his eyes of annoyance and turned to look at Mara the voice's speaker standing behind him to speak “I have work to do and I don’t want to be bothered.” 
He stared at her face that had a serious expression in them and saw her nod her head walking away going into an elevator. Jinks exhaled a breath groaning loudly working till quitting time for the work day and he took the stairs going down out the building’s back entrance walking outside in the low sun light. He went to his apartment changing out of his uniform tossing it in the laundry machine in the closet next to the garbage chute in the wall along with his clothes from the hamper in the bathroom. He felt himself tensed up went to the dresser to put on sweatpants leaving nothing else on but his necklace and he went to his altar to kneel mediating. He stiffened as he heard the doorbell ringing while feeling himself less tensed up. Groaning loudly he got up walking towards the door unlocking it and yanked it open to see Mara standing there with a large bag hung by thick straps on her left shoulder. 
He stared at her with annoyance spoke “What do you want?” 
Jinks grimaced inwardly of the rude tone as Mara dropped her large bag on the ground and yanked out thick wrapped package.
She held up towards him while speaking “This is for you to have as requested by someone else I’m not to say who they are. I also want to say if you need a friend, I’ll be around to listen when you need to talk.” 
Jinks shrugged taking the package and slammed the door in Mara’s face locking it behind him. He went to the dining table to place the package on it and with a growl tore off the brown wrapping to see a thick spiral bound notebook looking like a scrapbook. He rubbed a hand on his head then sat at a chair and opened the scrapbook to see pictures of a couple looking familiar which he saw a young man with brown hair looking like his age wearing a white suit and a woman with long hair dressed in a white dress with a veil hanging off her head.
He stared at the woman thinking to himself “She reminds me of my mother but Mom’s hair is really short.” 
He looked further into the scrapbook to see picture of the couple in different outfits with the man having a hand on her abdomen which he saw appeared to be swollen with child. He continued to look to see baby pictures of a baby wearing a blue cap on its head while wrapped in a white blanket which he assumed is a boy judging by the cap color. He turned a page and froze seeing his mother looking younger in a walk pose eyes looking away from the camera holding a young boy child that eerie reminded him of himself. 
He saw clipped to the photo was a handwritten letter he read "Lizette, please! I'm begging you to return to my life! Stop being angry at me after having some argument that was meaningless! Allow me in my son’s life!
Jinks stiffened when he saw the name “Jinks”. 
He saw signed to the letter was the name “Burke Richardson.” 
He stiffened with shock running through him as it dawned to him that Burke Richardson his boss was his father. It explained why the couple in the pictures were familiar for he realized to himself that they were his parents and the baby himself. He felt rage running through him angrily slammed the scrapbook closed and threw it towards the window wall which it hit with a bang sound sliding down towards the ground. He angrily roared an inhuman cry while pacing in the apartment waving his hands in fists. He angrily did his karate exercises and stretched doing his limber exercises on the floor while feeling himself calming down from his rage. He went to his bed grabbing his pajama pants and went into the bathroom to the shower while stripping off his pants which he naked stood in the shower stall breathing through his mouth deeply while allowing the water to help make him calmer. He shampooed his hair and washed himself then walked out of the shower to his towels drying himself. Sighing loudly he picked up his sweatpants putting them on a rod behind the door and put on his pajama pants walking out of the bathroom towards the couch as sleepiness arrived running through him making him yawn hard. He sighed and turned going to the bed and laid his form on top of it shutting his eyes as he went under. 
Jinks dreamed of himself standing on a grassy cliff with a vast moving ocean water down below far ahead of him on his right. He stood with confusion running through him till a figure appeared blinking away from him which he growled loudly seeing it was his father Burke Richardson wearing pajamas covered by a bathrobe. 
He stared at his father who stared at him with widen eyes and spoke “My son.”
Jinks angrily allowed anger to take control riling him up which he charge at his father who stood still watching him. He angrily pummeled his father with his martial arts fighting moves seeing them have no effect on Burke. He felt his anger leave him as intense sadness arrived within him which he halted his attack to kneel bursting into tears weeping hard. 
He saw through the tears his father kneel wrapping arms around him while repeatedly speaking over and over “I’m sorry, Jinks.” 
He felt himself better wrapped his arms around his father as his eyes closed and blackness arrived followed by a scene of endless body of water looking like the ocean with two rose flower plants in the color of black together rising from it unfurling their petals. 
He heard words spoken in two different feminine voices saying “I’m Erra. I’m Terra.” 
Jinks again heard the female voices using different sentences say “We’re sentient mind walking plant sisters that live in the ocean rising to the surface when the sun is at a certain position a long distance from your location. There are others aware of us along with the Highlanders. We mostly contact people for advising and counseling them with problems like we are doing with you. Our advice is you should continue looking in the scrapbook made by your father which will explain more of your parents’ history. The Lotus Order at the temple where you stayed is aware of us and it was them who figured out who you are and tested your father’s reaction to the fact that you were his son by having him visit the temple for them to tell him of it. Your father’s reaction according to them was in several emotions with thoughts of being shamed of his angry behavior towards you with acceptance as the last thought followed by being calm. It was the Lotus Order who requested Burke to make the scrapbook of his past for you to look through to discover your heritage.” 
The scene went black as the sisters went silent and he woke up with a jerk as the electric battery combination alarm clock sounded its noise. He rolled over and shut the alarm off and sighed as he got up from the bed going to the scrapbook lying on the floor still intact. He opened it going to where he left off finding pasted to the pages back to back were letters with no dates on them correspondence between his father and his mother mostly talking about himself growing up. 
He read in his father’s letters had contents of him insisting that his mother returned to him while begging to have a part in his son’s life while the contents of his mother’s letters talks about Jinks himself and how he’s doing growing up with no acknowledgement towards his father’s pleading. 
He read the letters some contents mentioning himself taking karate and the last letter he found from his mother details himself in college at UCONN freshman year while adding to email her with an email address included in the letter. 
He paused to count the letters which he found numbered fifty two in total with twenty six each written by his father and his mother towards each other. 
He looked further in the scrapbook to find pictures of himself competing in tests for his colored belts in karate while living in Connecticut over the years till reaching black belt as a junior in high school before summer vacation and before the studio abruptly closed with the owner moving away. He saw as he continued to look pasted to the pages were newspaper clippings with headlines having his name in them which he read the articles detailing him as the quarterback of the Wethersfield High School football team helping his team win major games when he was a senior. He saw a photo of himself wearing his football uniform, helmet in front of him on the ground kneeling on one knee while having a forced smile on his face with some members of the team kneeling and some standing behind him all smiling while having his hands holding up the State Championship trophy in front of him. He recalled to himself after playing the game and Bulk’s betrayal of taking the credit for his team’s win posing for the photographers with his team which his coach seeing him hurt with pity in his eyes selected him to hold the trophy. 
Jinks continued to look through the scrapbook seeing photos of himself graduating from high school in an outdoor auditorium. He recalled as the announcer said his name he heard loud cheering applause from the crowd while getting his diploma. He wound up seeing there was a crowd of people wearing twin outfits that were gathered in a group cheering the loudest towards him getting his diploma. 
Jinks discovered after that crowd had sounded the loudest towards him after seeing the other students get their diplomas. They weren't that loud towards other students instead were politely clapping. 
He continued to look through the scrapbook to see at the last page pasted to it was a handwritten letter addressed to him. Jinks read was a plea from his father to have him in his life for he missed seeing him growing up in person and wanted to see him in person and not by pictures by hired photographers to take pictures of him. 
Jinks felt himself better closed the scrapbook and went to his altar to place the notebook on a shelf below the altar’s shelf. He sighed again and went to the laundry machine to pull out his janitor uniform taking it out while going to the dresser next to the bed’s bed stand on its right side to yank out underwear shorts and socks. He proceed to get dressed and went into the bathroom to fix his hair always long length in shoulder length brown, combing it neatly, he recalling his Mother oddly balked on letting him cut it short.
Jinks went out to the refrigerator grabbing an apple and his keys which he walked out of the apartment munching on the fruit. He walked to Richardson Industries’ building where he tossed out the apple core in a trash can sitting outside the building and went inside. 
He sighed whiling away the hours doing his cleaning job in the cafeteria mostly mopping up the floor and cleaning up spilled messes on the tables and chairs till lunch time when his stomach growled its noises while feeling hunger running through him. He got in line to the food processing units and took a tray filled with dishware of food to a table and sat eating lost in thought thinking about the scrapbook and its contents. 
He heard “Mind if I sit here?”
Jinks looked up to see Mara who stared at him with a hint of a smile in her eyes a look he recognized. Jinks remembering would often get from Janel when she told him the baby inside her was kicking. He stared at her and gestured to the chair in front of him with his fork while nodding his head. He ate his food in silence eyes on Mara who sat across from him eating quietly with no comment from her. 
He paused from eating to stare at the table still thinking of the scrapbook’s contents and broke his reverie when he heard Mara’s voice speaking to him. 
Jinks spoke as he looked at her “Excuse me? I missed what you said.” 
He stared at Mara who spoke “Are you alright Jinks? I know your name is Jinks Montreal. Not that name you told me earlier. You seemed distracted by that spaced out look you're displaying.”
He sighed loudly and spoke “I don’t know about that but I feel fine.” 
Jinks heard weariness in his voice tone that surprised him as he eyed her reaching a hand towards his left hand sitting on the table to grip it in a gentle grip. He exhaled a breath feeling soothed by her hand holding his which made him feel better as he saw a hint of concern in her face. He smiled a small smile at Mara and rubbed her hand with his thumb while hearing her sigh with relief appearing on her face. 
Jinks spoke “Mara, you mind if I escort you home after work?”
He saw a smile form on Mara’s face as she spoke “I don’t mind, Jinks. I live a half a mile from the building on another street. I’ll meet you in the lobby.” 
He nodded his head as he and Mara continued to eat food in silence and once done parted ways her going into an elevator and himself going back to his cleaning cart to resume cleaning the cafeteria room. 
Jinks stood in the lobby bursting with impatience as he watched people walk by him going out of the building. He eyed the elevators to see Mara walking out with eyes looking around which he waved a hand getting her attention. He saw Mara’s eyes lit up seeing him and watched as she reached him which he walked with her out of the building going around the building to the street next to it. He eyed Mara during their silent walk on the sidewalk and groaned as pain hit him in the back followed by a foot connecting with the back of his knees forcing him to kneel while hearing her gasp out in pain. He twisted his form as Mara fell to the ground going unconscious to see two men wearing jeans and sweats one holding a bloody knife and another holding a baseball bat yank Mara’s purse from her arms. He groaned as man with a bloody knife pawed his neck yanking out his necklace tearing the chain off his neck before jogging away with his companion. He grimaced from the pain in his back put his hands on Mara’s jacket to feel a budge in the side pocket which he took out a cell phone and dialed for emergency.
He heard the emergency operator on the phone speaking in a female voice “This is nine one, one emergency, operator speaking. What your emergency is?” 
He spoke with a groaning tone “Send for the cops and medical personal I and a female companion was attacked.”
He heard the operator speak “Stay on the line for we’ll trace your location.” 
Jinks adjusted his position to sit on the sidewalk putting a hand on Mara’s arm and sensing her breathing deeply while hearing nothing from the operator. No one bothered to stop and help them sitting there instead just briskly walked by ignoring him and Mara. 
He heard the operator again speak “We have your location and the appropriate people have been sent to your location so stay on the line till they arrive.” 
He reached with a hand to feel his back and felt a hole in his shirt with liquid like substance slowly pouring out which he his hand felt sticky to the touch and brought his hand back in his eyes sight to see the stuff was dark black color instead of a dark red to his confusion. 
Jinks groaned shaking his head thinking to himself "It must be the loss of blood to imagine that."
He heard the sounds of sirens faintly becoming louder and louder and looked up to see a police car come into view followed by an ambulance. 
He sighed as the cop he saw was a male got out of his car heading towards him in a jog which reaching him took his phone from him and spoke “Emergency personal arrived.” 
He saw the cop cut off the call with a press of a button before handing him the cell phone which he pocketed in his pants. Jinks sighed as the ambulance crew got to work examining him and Mara while seeing another ambulance arrive.
He was led to an ambulance where the crew told him "You're to take off your shirt with no protest and allow us to examine your back." 
Jinks grimaced sitting in the ambulance feeling the paramedics stitch up the knife wound in his back they felt poking him in the area with their needles. 
He was told by them "The knife had missed vital organs and was only a flesh wound. Your rib bone wound up blocking the knife from plunging further into your back when you were stabbed." 
Once done with the assumed stitching he was handed his shirt which he put on and told "Your fine and don’t need a hospital stay. Your companion was taken to the hospital for tests due to trauma to being hit on the back of her head." 
Sighing he walked out of the ambulance to the sidewalk to watch the ambulance drive away while noticing the cop and its car was already gone which he grimaced to himself. He rubbed a hand on his neck where his necklace was gone and raised a hand feeling it pull him towards a direction further down the street. Jinks allowed the pulling sensation to guide him walking into the city till he reached a building looking worn judging by the looks of it. He walked inside through stain filled hallways going up the stairs looking dirty till he reached an open doorway with the door open to peer inside. Jinks wound up seeing the men sitting in arm chairs backs to him riffling through Mara’s purse. Contents, seen lying on the table in front of him where he spotted his mother’s diamond ring among them. He silently walked further into the seedy stained apartment unnoticed to kneel and shut his eyes. He ghost walked out of his form using his karate to attack the men from behind while hearing them gasp of shock. He continued to attack them till both men were lying on the floor one unconscious and the other begging for mercy which he threw his foot into the male’s face knocking him out. He ghost walked back into his body to pick up the contents on the table putting them back into Mara’s purse and he pocketed his mother’s diamond ring then he walked out of the apartment shutting the door behind him. He speed walked out of the building and slowed his pace walking towards his home going inside to his apartment. He placed Mara’s purse on the dining table along with his keys and placed the ring on the altar before going into the bathroom to change his clothes to sweatpants with nothing else on him. He carried his janitor uniform to the laundry machine dumping it inside while grimacing seeing a dark splotch dot on the back of the shirt. He went to his altar to mediate and heard his apartment door opening behind him. Jinks abruptly got up to face a male who he saw was one of the attackers holding a hand gun in his hand aimed at him.
Jinks spoke “What do you want?”
He saw hesitance on the male’s face as he turned his form sideways having his right side facing the male to protect his heart organ. He watched as determination formed on the male’s face and stiffened as the gun went off while grimacing as pain hit him in the bicep followed by hearing the sound of the gun jamming. He felt dizziness arrived making his eyes sight blurry while seeing the male charge at him gun waving aimed at him. He shook his head from the blows of the gun whacking against his head making him closing his eyes to kneel and felt himself going unconscious which he surrendered to. 
Jinks found himself floating above his body to see himself open his eyes with an all black creepy eyed look kicking at the male and knocking aside the gun. He watched as himself got up with an acrobatic move and began doing karate moves onto the male. Jinks saw himself knock the male onto the floor and was kicking onto him on the side. He saw something of a Taser an electronic gun's end via ropes hitting him via his chest followed by himself hitting the floor going still as everything went black.
Jinks jerked his eyes open to discover himself lying sideways in bed on his left side with a stinging pain in his bicep with the blankets on top of him up to his chest. His right hand he felt was gripping a hand that felt female like along with his forehead touching her head which his nose smelled her shampooed scented hair. He raised his head feeling tiredness running through him to see the female was Mara lying asleep lying on her back while wearing a hospital gown with the blankets up to her chest. He leaned over and gently kissed her forehead and then laid his form back down to again touch her haired head with his forehead shutting his eyes falling asleep.
Jinks woke up feeling himself better and the stinging pain was gone from his bicep he discovered showed no sign of the bullet or stitching other than just a circle scar on the area. He got up from the bed towards his altar to mediate and then did his limber exercises before swinging himself up to do his karate doing it slowly as if compelled. He saw out of his eyes sight as he faced the bed during his karate Mara wake up sitting up in bed her eyes staring at him watching him. He continued to do his martial arts and ended with a bow towards Mara seeing her staring at him with a frown look in her face. He stood staring towards Mara as she got up from the bed walking towards him which he didn’t react as she reaching him touched his muscular chest and stomach abs with her hands running over him. He felt soothed by her touch as he brought his hands to her back while feeling her lean against him her cheek touching his both similar in height. 
He heard Mara speak “Will you teach me some of your movements you were doing?”
He spoke “I will.”
Jinks let go of Mara’s back as she stepped back at him eyes looking at him with hope in them. He proceeded to teach Mara some self defense moves when attacked by the front, the sides and grabbed from behind. He sensed during the practice of his teaching Mara becoming weary but not willing to admit that she needed to sleep. 
Jinks inhaled a breath and spoke “I need to sleep so the lesson ends ok?”
He saw Mara nod her head and he followed her to the bed both getting into it and he spoon fashioned her arms around her while feeling her happy from his grip around her and he shut his eyes falling asleep. 
Jinks blinked his eyes open hearing the alarm going off while hearing Mara groan loudly in a pained tone. He reached over her and shut the alarm off. He gently kissed Mara on the cheek and placed a hand on her forehead as if compelled via muscle memory.
Jinks heard a voice speak within his mind "Sleep." 
He gave the command and watched as Mara’s fidgeting stop as she submitted to his mental command. Sighing he got up and went into the laundry machine grabbing his uniform and went into the bathroom to shower. He got dressed in the uniform and walked out of the bathroom to look at Mara asleep in his bed. He went to Mara and gently kissed her on the cheek while seeing her form remain still with breathing deep. He walked out taking his keys locking the door behind him and went to work. 
At work while mopping in the cafeteria, Jinks was interrupted by a voice speaking “Richardson wants you in his office.”
He set aside his mop to follow Teague, the voice's speaker to the elevator taking it up to his father’s office which he went inside to see his father standing in front of his desk with a frown on his face. 
He stared questioningly at his father who spoke “I had some instinct like feelings bothering me for days so I checked out your background and discovered some interesting things about you having a wife named Janel. The information focused on Janel who I was guided by my instincts to discover more of her after hearing from a friend of mine telling me that she died and your son was stillborn.”
Jinks frowned at the words as his father continued speaking “I went to the hospital inquiring about Janel Montreal and was shown in the morgue a light skinned Human woman with a tattoo on her arm that appeared gang related which I know isn’t Janel herself.”
He felt anger arriving as he felt himself restrained from behind by Teague while feeling his father place hands covering his eyes and heard a voice speaking as he got a memory playing in his mind. 
He heard relaying "The memory showed a heavy expectant Janel standing in one end of the hallway appearing to be a hospital looking happy towards a light skinned colored man that had short night sky slicked hair with a streak of cloud color in it. The man seen was wearing a doctor’s coat and had a hand on Janel’s swollen abdomen feeling the baby from within her through the dress she was wearing. The man released his hand to gently rub a hand on Janel’s cheek before walking away. Janel turning to walk in his direction eyes focused on his eyes sight view with happiness disappearing from them showing pity like he thought he saw." 
Jinks felt himself calming down as the memory stopped running through him. He felt himself freed from Teague’s grip on his arms and his eyes uncovered which he saw a male Highlander standing with a folder in his hands. He stared at the Highlander who pulled out a picture and held it up. He saw the man from his mind in the picture standing on a sidewalk while wearing a business suit with a tie. 
He heard the Highlander speak “The man in the picture is known as Roosevelt Knight a H.I.V. positive senator from California who’s in the public eye for his work against sexually transmitted diseases trying to find cures for them.” 
He frowned as his father spoke “Roosevelt has recently introduced to the public in a press conference in Washington D.C. a woman matching Janel’s appearance as his wife with the same name using the last name of Knight and her baby boy she showed to the public as his son by claiming that she had an implantation procedure done to get her with child.”
Jinks stiffened as shock overtook him which he heard his father again speaking “Go take the day off, Jinks. Go home.” 
He numbly nodded his head and walked out of the office going out of the building walking home in a daze. He let himself inside his apartment to stare at the bed which he saw Mara was not in it while hearing a gun clicking sound from his left. He looked to see a masked man wearing a business suit having a handgun pointed at him and watched as the gunman held up a device in his free hand. 
He heard a click sound followed by speaking electronically “Hello Jinks Montreal, this is Roosevelt speaking. I know by now that you are aware of the deception played on you by me and my wife Janel Knight to get a child from you. I suggest you drop the matter of pursuing us for the deception. I’m a powerful man with influence and have used it to free your girl Mara I believe is the name from thugs who grabbed her placing her in a van while she was out taking a walk alone. I used my people to get her freed.”
Jinks heard a click sound and heard the raspy voice of the gunman speaking “Answer your phone at the second ring.” 
He stared at the gunman despite the voice sounded familiar to him, who edged himself out of his apartment closing the door behind him. 
He heard his phone ringing went to answer it speaking “Hello?”
Jinks heard on the phone “Lotus Order’s temple, Chinatown, Mara’s there, don’t wear your work uniform.” 
Jinks from hearing the electronic male voice as he heard a dial tone hung up the phone and changed out of his uniform to jeans and rugby top. Jinks grabbed his keys and walked out of the apartment going down the stairs to out of the building walking down the street. He reached Chinatown to see Asians looking at him with different emotions ranging on their faces as he passed them. He arrived at the temple to see a monk standing at the entrance and he walked up to whom without a word walked away while gesturing him to follow with a hand. He followed the monk further inside the temple and paused when the man paused at a door in a wall. He watched as the monk waved a hand and saw with shock the door slide open by itself which he heard crying sounds from inside. He went through the doorway to find Mara sitting on the bed crying tears which he sat on the bed next to her and wrapped his arms around her who clung to him sobbing harder. He laid them both down on the bed and continued to hold Mara while sensing her cries become quieter and quieter and felt her fallen asleep which he shut his eyes. 
He heard a throat clearing noise startling him awake, opened his eyes to find Mara gone from him and a monk at the door who gestured with a hand to follow him. He got up from the bed and followed the monk wordlessly through corridors till they reached a large doorway which he saw was a courtyard where Mara was standing inside appearing to have a whispered conversation with a monk who was whispering back to her. Jinks saw them look in his direction them cutting their talk. He frown standing at the doorway watching Mara nod her head before walking towards him to grip his arm and he without a word escorted by a monk leading them left the temple to his apartment. 
Once inside he set Mara down in a chair at the dining table who sat with eyes staring at the floor. He went to the refrigerator to pull out food and made two sandwiches which he placed on plates putting them on the table in front of Mara who took one and chewed silently. He went back to the refrigerator to pull out a milk carton which he poured two cups full and placed away the milk to take the cups to the table and sat. He kept his eyes on Mara as he ate the sandwich while watching her not meet his eyes. He and Mara ate and drank in silence and once done she stood up walking towards the bathroom going inside. He put away the dishes in the dishwasher and went to a lamp turning it on as darkness arrived. He stood with arms folded eyes staring at the bathroom door as Mara came out with her hair wet and wearing the hospital gown on her form. He grabbed his pajama pants from the bed and went inside the bathroom to shower and once done came out to find Mara lying in his bed appearing to be asleep. He sat on the couch’s chaise staring at Mara as he recalled to himself an earlier the meeting with his father with the Highlander there he forgot about before his second meeting learning about Janel. 
He recalled to himself that the Highlander spoke "There's a female named Mara King. She's really interested in Jinks himself but for another reason."
He heard the Highlander spoke with an edge in his voice that told him that there was something unsaid. 
He heard the Highlander add "Mara has admitted on heavily questioning by my people that she was raped twice by two men, one an uncle and a former boyfriend while living across the country in Mountain State as we call it despite the weird name of Colorado. She’s here in New York City hiding from her family in Mountain State who believed that it was her fault that she was raped." 
He frowned recalling the Highlander pausing then continued to speak "The boyfriend in question is in prison for serving a life sentence for killing the uncle on purpose. He was acquitted on rape charges Mara brought up against him." 
Jinks frowned some more as he recalled his father speaking "Jinks leave. I’ll call you back when necessary. I wanted to talk to the lawyer in private."
He heard his father speaking with an edge in his voice that sounded like there was something unsaid. 
Jinks blinked his eyes of the memory as he got up from the couch to the bed and opened a bed stand drawer to pull out a set of handcuffs which he lied down to twist facing Mara. He leaned over Mara and kissed her on the cheek waiting as she woke up to look at him with concern. 
Jinks dangled the handcuffs and spoke “Cuff me to the bed and do what you want.”
Mara in response to his curiosity burst into tears and blurted “I can’t, I was raped.” 
He sighed and again kissed her on the cheek and then rolled over putting the cuffs on the bed stand to turn off the lamp. He rolled over again to put a hand on Mara’s shoulder and shut his eyes falling asleep. 
Jinks dreamed of the familiar grass cliff with the ocean down below. He heard laughter from behind him that made him grimace as he turned around to see a man with brown short hair with Mara’s facial features on his face while wearing a business suit with laughter in his eyes despite having a sneering look on his face. 
He stared at the man who spoke in a sneering voice tone “Mara sure knows how to pick men who are easily controlled to do my bidding.” 
Jinks frowned at the words as the man changed into an energy ball of light that flew towards him only to stop its flight when he saw lightening appear from the sky hitting it repeatedly. 
He watched as the ball shifted back into the man who again spoke “You’ll suffer.”
Scene turned black as Jinks found himself in a hallway with open doorways at both sides of him all with smoke pouring out of them. His eyes sight focused on two doorways that abruptly slid apart as a wall appeared between them. He saw the wall wasn’t really a wall but a door that had symbols appearing to be a foreign language on it as he reached with a hand on the doorknob and slid the door open. He saw smoke come pouring out of the doorway as a crowned male figure's shadow came into sight. He was unable to see what the figure looked like only the shadow as he came to find himself back in bed with his hands cuffed together to the bed’s head board railing. He opened his eyes to see illuminated by a lamp light was Mara sounding insane by her laughing sounds yanking off his pants which he kept himself still as she took his pants off his form tossing them aside off the bed. He kept himself from gasping out loud as Mara looked at him with a sneering smile and all black eyes as she straddled him while feeling himself entering her. Jinks watched Mara move over his sensitive part while feeling himself excited to be inside her as he spilled himself inside her. He exhaled a breath as Mara gave out a loud moaning sound in a male voice tone. 
Jinks felt a coldness feeling hitting him as he eyed Mara then saw her look at him before exclaiming loudly “What?!”
Jinks broke free of the cuffs as if compelled grabbing Mara’s arms to twist their forms her going to her back and him on top of her which he restrained her in place as she growled gonoid like her eyes flashing from black to Human brown showing determination in them. He shut his eyes as an image came to his mind showing Mara on the grassy cliff wearing a frilly pink short dress struggling against the man in the business suit who had an arm around her neck in a choke hold. 
He mentally spoke “Use the karate like I taught you, Mara.”
Jinks saw Mara’s eyes showing pain shifted to look in his eyes sight point of view which showed determination in them as she raised a fist and swung her hand backwards into the male’s sensitive part that showed pain on his face. He watched as Mara continued to use her fists and arms against the male as she broke herself free from his arm grip and saw her spun around pushing the male with hands on his chest off the cliff. He heard the male scream a cry of terror as he fell off going out of sight followed by lightening that flashed off the cliff and heard a loud thundering sound. 
The scene he saw went black as he found himself back on top of Mara who he sensed was at peace. He opened his eyes to see Mara’s eyes were closed with a peaceful look on her face and he released his hold on her arms to pull out of her to move himself to her side. He pulled the blanket on top of her covering her naked form and he got up. Jinks found his pajama pants lying on the wooden floor near the bed which he put on his form and went to the bed to sit turning off the lamp. He lied down and rolled over towards Mara putting a hand on her shoulder and shut his eyes falling asleep. 
The sound of the alarm woke him up which he reached over Mara shutting off the noise while hearing her groan loudly and saw her open her eyes with hope in them when she saw him. He got up from the bed and picked up the hospital gown from the floor and tossed it to Mara which she caught and turned his back going to the kitchen unit’s refrigerator. He pulled out two waffles from a box and stuffed them in the toaster as he went to get out two cups and an orange juice carton from the refrigerator which he poured into the cups. He eyed Mara getting up from the bed wearing the hospital gown and watched her go to a chair at the kitchen’s table to sit eyes staring at the floor with her hands on her lap. Jinks sighed as he heard the waffles pop up and placed them on a plate which he took to the table and went to get the cups full of orange juice which he carried hand and hand to the table and he sat down placing them down. He and Mara ate the waffles in silence him staring at her as she kept her eyes staring at the floor. Once done with the food and drink he took the empty cups and plate to the dishwashing machine while noticing Mara get up walking to the couch where he saw a red duffle bag sitting on the chaise. He sighed as he saw Mara take the duffle bag going into his bathroom which he went to his dresser and pulled out clothes which he put on his form after removing the pajama pants which he tossed to the bed. He rubbed hands through his hair fingers combing it. Mara, Jinks saw came out of the bathroom wearing a long sleeve dress that seemed familiar to him. The dress's look gave his senses blare warning from seeing it and flat pointed shoes on her feet while carrying the duffle bag on her shoulder towards the table which she placed the bag on it. He heard the doorbell ring sounding loudly which he went to answer the door and saw a man with short blond hair wearing a suit that pointed a hand gun at his chest firing it. 
He felt stinging pain hitting him followed by sleepiness while hearing the male speak in a happy voice “Mara.”
As he fell towards the floor he saw Mara run in his line of sight grabbing the man who hugged her and watched as she kissed him on the lips and broke it off to speak in a happy voice “Bart.” 
He felt himself slipping away towards unconscious as he hit the floor and surrendered to the darkness claiming him. 
Jinks woke up lying on the bed in his clothes with rage running through him along with a familiar irritating feeling indicating of drugged to him. 
He snarled to himself thinking once he got rid of the irritant “Mara. She used me for her problem hence her interest in me and was already in love with another.” 
He added as he stomping to the closet to grab his shoes letting jealousy talk “When will I learn? Women will always use you for their own gain and will throw you away once done with you like what happened with Janel now Mara.”
He jammed on his shoes and grabbed his keys off the kitchen counter to walk out of his apartment locking the door behind him and pocketing the keys. He jogged down the stairs and out of the building and lowered his jog to a speed walk as fury ran through him. His feet led him to a park where he slumped down on a bench and folded his arms his eyes staring at the ground. 
He recalled to himself as his anger ran through him a memory of himself a senior at high school being told by Bulk "There was a rumor of you dating another senior a girl named Leanna." 
Bulk and the football team pressured him to accept the rumor as true. He remembered using whatever excuse that came to his mind to avoid dating her whenever she asked him to take her out and felt relief when she broke up with him for good after Bulk admitted fathering her baby. 
Jinks snapped his mind of the memory while feeling his anger still boiling inside him. 
He saw four pairs of sneakered feet walk in his line of sight eyes staring at the ground and heard a voice speaking “You’re in our seat, get off.” 
He looked up at the feet’s owners to see four teenage males with smirks on their faces their hands fisted as his anger took control and he got up from the seat roaring an inhuman creepy cry attacking the teenagers with his martial art fighting moves. He managed to knock all four of them to the ground all groaning in pain loudly. Jinks felt his rage still running through him which he kneeled grabbing the hair of a teenage male and proceeded to throw his fist repeatedly in the teenager’s face while growling his creepy voiced sounds. He was interrupted by two hands covering his eyes from behind followed by several pairs of hands grabbing his arms to yank them behind his back which he struggled against their ironclad grip finding himself trapped by them. He snarled a growl and heard foreign language in female voice with disapproval in the tone speaking loudly and heard the groaning sounds become fainter and fainter. 
He struggled against the grips when he heard a familiar voice speaking “When one friend leaves another takes their place, remember that Jinks.”
Jinks felt his anger abruptly leave him as a great feeling of sadness hit him and he shut his eyes bursting into tears crying uncontrollably wailing loudly as he felt a dam inside him burst. He cried as the hands covering his eyes were removed along with the arm grips and he brought his hands to his face while still crying away. He felt a hand feeling gentle grab his arm forcing him up to a standing position which he didn’t resisted as he was blindly guided into a walk himself not paying attention to his surroundings. He kept on wailing till his butt hit something soft and he was forced to lie down which he felt his own bed underneath him and he curled himself into a ball crying himself to sleep. 
Jinks woke by the sound of the ringing phone which jarred him awake. He rubbed his eyes that felt raw from his tears and he got up from the bed to the phone which he picked up not saying a word but breathing deeply. 
He heard “Jinks, this is your father, take the rest of the day off. The office can manage without you there for today.”
He heard a dial tone and hung up the phone and went to his altar to kneel staring at Janel’s favorite sweater which he got up walking towards the closet to look in and spot a box on the shelf above him. He pulled the box down and saw it was a stamped box with a Washington D.C. address with her name above it as Janel Knight with return address to the apartment in handwriting that made him think it was Janel’s. He walked to his altar and grabbed the sweater stuffing it in the box and pulled at the taping which he taped the box closed. He felt for his keys and found them still in his pocket which he walked out of the apartment going down the stairs to the lobby where there was a wall of numbered mailboxes in it. He placed the box down in front of the wall leaning against it and peered in the mailbox window with his apartment’s number on it to see an envelope inside it. He pulled out his keys flicking through them to unlock the mailbox’s door and pulled out the envelope which he closed the door locking it. He stared at the envelope that was addressed to him in unfamiliar handwriting. He walked to his apartment and went inside to sit on the couch pulling out several pieces of papers with the envelope’s handwriting on it like his letter he saw addressed to him. 
He read the letter "I'm apologizing for making you believe that there could be a relationship between us when I was in love with another. I had been raped by an uncle and a former boyfriend who both had displayed some bad ghostly like spirit inhibiting them. 
The spirit had turned my family and people against me making them think it was my fault that I was raped. 
I detected some sort of power from you when I first met you. My instincts told me that you were more powerful than the spirit’s power itself. I had acted friendly towards you to find out more about this power I felt. 
I had asked people at the office for information on you. Richardson confronted me in his office about that while sensing some protective power from the man towards you with a Highlander appearing to be his lawyer present. 
I admitted to them my problem with the spirit and my family problems in Colorado and what I sensed from you. 
The Highlander backed up my words by mentioning 'It was common for restless spirits of the dead not departed to the afterlife to torture the living which had been happening to people living in Shadan before the United States’ arrival via transfer from Earth to Shadan.' 
The Highlander there deep scanned my mind and figured out who the spirit’s identity was who happened to be my abusive father who died when I was reaching sexual maturity as a teenager. My father’s spirit according to the scans had been entering men I had relationships with and using them to torture me in humiliation, rape and abuse."
Jinks kept on reading thinking "Must be from Mara herself from what I'm reading."
Jinks read "I have been fighting my father’s spirit mentally since I became a legal adult with no way of defeating him till you taught me how to do self defense moves in karate. I used against my father and defeated him to send his spirit to the afterlife and has ended his torturing me." 
The letter ended saying "I hoped you would find someone worthy of being yours who will view you as hers."
He found the letter included with Mara’s handwritten signature. Jinks folded up the letter and placed it back in the envelope to get up walking to his altar and spied his mother’s diamond ring sitting on a candle. He put the envelope on the altar and went to the closet to look in it further. He found a small blue box with a clasp on it on the shelf where he found the stamped box which he took down and peered inside it. He saw a series of gold chains in the box which he pulled one out and placed the box back on the shelf. He left the closet going to the altar to pick up the diamond ring and threaded the chain through the ring clasping it around his neck. He sighed as he heard the doorbell ring and went to answer it seeing a blond female with tears streaking on her face who spoke his name in a familiar voice. 
He stiffened with annoyance recognizing Leanna from high school standing there as she spoke still tearful “Can I come in, Jinks? I have a problem.”
He backed up leaving the door open as she walked into his apartment and he stood with arms folded staring at her while feeling annoyance running through him. He backed up when Leanna reached her hands towards him as in an attempt to touch him while seeing pleading in her eyes. 
He spoke with annoyance in his voice “I’m not a substitute to your problems so speak it now. What’s going on?”
He saw annoyance appear in Leanna’s eyes who again shift to pleading which he narrowed his eyes to glare at her and spoke again “Your problem, what is it and talk.” 
He glared at Leanna who spoke in a pleading tone “Jinks, please.”
Jinks spoke in a rude tone “In high school I had no intentions to date you hence my excuses to avoid you whenever you demanded to take you out. I did that for I didn’t like your nasty attitude towards some deaf students which annoyed me. 
I’m still angry at you for fingering me as the father of your baby along with some friends I thought were my friends making fun of me whenever I gave my denials led by Bulk who actually fathered your child.”
He saw a shocked expression on her face and eyes as he continued with a snarling tone ignoring his voice turning creepy cruel “Your problem or leave, for you're wasting my time.” 
He noticed a male with a glare standing in the doorway which he recognized as Bulk added “Bulk stop lurking in the doorway and come in.” 
Jinks saw Bulk’s glare go away with a pleading on his face as he saw Leanna looking at Bulk with annoyance in her face. 
He walked over to Bulk to stand next to the male watching as the man raised a hand and spoke with pleading “Leanna.”
Jinks spoke “Leanna, go to Bulk and solve your problem you have with him together. That’s something you should be doing and not have me be a substitute to your problems as a solution.” 
He formed a glare on his face as Leanna looked at him with a frown before walking towards Bulk who hugged her and he placed a hand on Bulk’s shoulder that looked at him with a sad look in his eyes.
He spoke “Go to Chinatown ask for the Lotus Order as sent by Jinks Montreal. They helped me with my problems and they should help you with yours.” 
He saw something of understanding in Bulk’s eyes who nodded his head and he watched as Bulk having an arm around Leanna left the apartment going into the hallway which he gently closed the door behind them and locked it. He rolled his eyes forming disgust on his face and then rubbed a hand on his forehead groaning loudly and heard the doorbell ringing again. He raised his hand as if compelled, aimed at the door shutting his eyes as a mental over head picture of a woman holding a baby carrier flashed in his mind. He sighed as he opened his eyes putting his hand on the door unlocking it and yanked it open to stare with shock seeing the woman was Janel herself who had her familiar pity in her eyes. 
He formed annoyance on his face as he stared at Janel who blurted out “I’m sorry.” 
He felt himself softening and sighed loudly as Janel continued “Can I come in?”
Jinks backed up pulling the door wider allowing Janel to walk in which he closed the door behind her. He watched Janel set the baby carrier on the kitchen table as he folded his arms to glare at her as anger arrived. 
Janel he saw looked at him with the same pity look and she spoke “I brought the baby for you to view for it’s your right as his father.” 
He growled a soft sound and went to the baby carrier to peer in it and stiffened seeing a doll toy while feeling a prick of pain in the back of his neck followed by sleepiness. 
He spun around stumbling angrily towards Janel holding a gun device in her right hand that backed up from his advances while repeatedly saying “I’m sorry.”
He felt sleepiness persisted as he fell to kneeling position shaking his head and raised a fist towards Janel roaring out an angry creepy voice sound before he laid his form on the floor surrendering to sleep closing his eyes. 
Jinks dreamed of an overhead view of a male with his face, lying in a glass coffin like box which he saw had a sword held in his bare right hand with blade lying on his chest. He saw his clothes were different which he saw were slipper like blue shoes, blue tight like leggings on his legs and a long sleeve white tunic with an image of a bird appearing to be some fiery eagle, in gold on it. He saw on his head was a golden crown with red circular jewels on it. 
He saw a man looking familiar come into his view to stand peering at himself lying in the box with arms folded then the man looked up and he saw was Roosevelt himself. Roosevelt he watched lowered his head to again look at the man in the coffin. Jinks assumed it was himself lying in there as Roosevelt then walked out of his view as he came to hearing electricity humming like sounds as he came from being unconscious. He felt himself lying on dirt ground on his back wearing nothing but shorts covering him and his necklace was gone from his neck as he jerked open his eyes to stare at a glaring round overhead light shining from above. He sat up with confusion while shaking his head and rubbed a hand on his forehead then felt for the necklace by touching his neck which he sensed was gone. 
He looked around to discover himself surrounded by a long over his head in length large fence gates with signs on them that said “Danger Electricity.”
He recalled meeting Janel in his apartment which she showed him a doll and knocked him out with some dart by the back of his neck. He felt rage running through him as the memory stopped its course in his mind. 
He adjusted his position to kneel closing his eyes and found his mind was too cluttered to ghost walk which is speak for too angry to do it. He heard the humming of electricity stop as he opened his eyes and saw a figure walked into view which he saw was a huge bald head male with a sneer on his face wearing only black shorts that pulled part of the gate open sliding it then walked inside slamming it closed behind him. Jinks again heard the humming of electricity sounded again and watched as the male advanced towards him with his hands becoming fists and the sneer on the male’s face becoming a smirk. He slowly got up from kneeling to stand and raised his hands fisting them as the male attacked him with fists swinging at him. Jinks allowed his rage to take control angrily met the male’s attack using his martial art fighting moves towards the male while dancing out of the man’s swinging fists. He felt something like a coldness feeling hit in him as he felt something like a feeling of power running through him that calmed him down from his rage as he smirk some sick smile towards the male. He saw the man’s face turn into a frown with confusion in the male’s eyes who charged at him with a full body attack and he stepped aside to turn tripping the male along with grabbing the fighter from behind. He wound up thrusting the fighter's body still squirming onto the fence still humming of electricity and the man’s body jerking from the electricity hitting him. Jinks ignored the feeling of electricity running through his body as he let go of the male to smile some smirk seeing him die. Jinks heard the humming sound stop as the man’s body stopped its jerking to slide down towards the dirt ground. 
Jinks sensed presences of people watching him and turned to his left forming a glare on his face eyes staring at two figures features hidden in the darkness. He folded his arms forming accusation in his eyes and face aimed at the hidden figures. He stood as one of the figures turned towards the other and then after a moment walked forwards features becoming clear in the light. 
He saw Janel holding a wrapped in a blanket bundle in her arms that stopped with the fence a few inches away from her. He walked up to the fence and placed hands on it to glare at her as she raised the bundle towards him which he saw was a baby wearing a blue cap on its head. He stared at the baby with a frown running through him as a vision came to his mind. 
Jinks saw a young boy child wearing a karate uniform with his brown hair and Janel's tan skin doing karate on grass while wearing shoes. Then the boy quit to bow and walked forwards towards two figures sitting in chairs with a table and cups sitting on it in front of them and chairs surrounding it. He saw one was his father looking older and the other was he recognized was Roosevelt with his hair completely grey as Janel walked into view looking older with streaks of grey in her hair to sit at the table in a chair. He saw a young child appearing to be a girl with brown hair and similar looks of the boy but younger dart into view to sit on Janel’s lap as the boy went to Burke sitting on his lap as he saw himself walk into view looking happy carrying a tray full of food to set on the table and then himself sat down on a chair. He saw the girl child scramble off Janel’s lap to dart towards him to sit on his lap which himself rubbed a hand on the girl’s head before the girl put arms around his neck while leaning against him. 
Jinks blinked his eyes of the vision as it went away as Janel he saw walked away from him going into the darkness to stand next to a figure he could sense was Roosevelt. He frowned staring at the two for they appeared to be talking by their head movements as he removed his hands from the fence to stand staring at them with his arms at his sides. He again heard the humming sound.
Jinks frowned as a memory of himself was standing at a locker he recognized as his from high school with the door open while pulling out a book. He remembering heard an annoyed female voice from behind him speaking his name which he grimaced recognizing it as Leanna’s turned around to face her as she yanked the book from his hands dropping it on the floor. He stared at her with annoyance running though him as she placed a hand on his chest and reached a hand towards his cheek which he felt anger arrived shot out his hands and pushed her away from him her falling to the floor. 
He yelled at her angrily saying “We’re through! I don’t want to date you anymore so go date with someone else!”
He angrily picked up his book and turned to slam the locker closed and turned to walk away when he felt his arm grabbed by Leanna. 
He heard her speak “Don’t do this to me, Inky.” 
Jinks growled softly at the jokey use of Inky involving of his name and yanked her hand off his arm and walked away from her. 
He again felt his arm grabbed while hearing her speak “Your father would approve of our match.” 
Jinks felt his control snap threw the book and with quick moves yanked Leanna’s hand off his arm to grab her by the neck moving her to the wall thrusting her back to it. 
He raised Leanna’s form off the ground by his hand on her neck choking her as he angrily spoke he hearing himself using a creepy voice tone “Don’t ever mention my father to me again.”
He heard speaking “Jinks Montreal, put her down now!”
Jinks growled softly recognizing the voice of Principal Edwards which he saw was standing in the hallway with arms folded a glare on his face. He obeyed releasing Leanna to the floor who bent down coughing. He figured the coughing was to make the choking worse than it was as he bent down to pick up his book. 
Jinks heard the principal speak “Mister Montreal, report for detention after school. I’ll keep this incident of you threatening Miss Banks out of your records.”
He nodded his head and walked away as one of the classroom doors opened and he saw Teacher Travis walking out with annoyance in his face. 
Jinks saw the teacher look at him who spoke with annoyance in his tone “Jinks Montreal, get your butt in the room now. Your allotted time is up.”
He obeyed going into the room followed by the teacher who slammed the door behind him. 
Jinks frowned of the memory as he recalled getting riled up angry whenever people mentioned his father to him over the years as he grew up. He eyed Janel and Roosevelt who appeared to be still talking by their moving heads and he turned till they were facing his left side. He kneeled with hands resting on his thighs eyes staring at the dirt ground with a frown on his face. He heard the electricity’s humming stop followed by a sound of a dart gun going off and felt a prick of pain in his back followed by sleepiness which he slowly lowered himself to the ground lying on it on his side going unconscious.
Jinks woke up feeling a hand patting his cheek. He felt manacles on his wrists that were holding his arms up while in a squat position. He felt clothes on his body that consisted of pants feeling tight on his form minus the underwear and a t-shirt that felt like it was made to be tight on his upper body along with socks and shoes covering his feet. He raised his head to open his eyes and saw Janel bent down leaning over him hand patting his cheek. He sighed as he straightened his form as Janel removed her hand while showing concern on her face. Jinks stared at her wearing a white long sleeve dress that made his senses again blare warning abruptly he figured involved familiarity. He felt no anger towards her as she abruptly hugged him one hand on his back and the other on the back of his neck. 
Jinks stiffened from the touch as he heard Janel speak “Shh you’ll be alright.” 
He frowned feeling her chin on his shoulder as she leaned against him. He saw movement caught his eyes and peered to see a white tiger walking towards them which he saw the room was cave like with a dirt floor highlighted by fluorescent lights from above. 
He spoke “Janel, do you know that there’s a tiger walking towards us from behind?”
He heard her speak “That’s Jacinda, don’t worry about her.” 
Jinks kept his eyes on Jacinda the tiger who sat on her side appearing to be asleep and ignored the both of them. 
He again heard Janel speak “Roosevelt who I refer as Roo has issued that I carry another child by you and has requested that I acquire it by mating.” 
Jinks felt himself stiffening some more at her words. He felt Janel’s hand touch his cheek gently rubbing before she stepped back from him which he eyed her. 
Janel spoke “Just keep what I told you in mind, Jinks.” 
Jinks watched as she turned and walked away ignoring the tiger and he saw her walk up to a high as the ceiling gated fence to slide it open before closing it behind her. He bared his teeth in a glare at the gated fence then pulled at the manacles using great strength to break them off his wrists. He eyed Jacinda despite the familiarity of the name hitting him he ignored who remained asleep ignoring him and his movements. Jinks walked to the gated fence holding up a hand and shutting his eyes as if compelled. He sensed nothing electrical from the fence opened his eyes going towards it. He walked to the fence and slid it open then walked out into a cave hallway lighted by round overhead lights sticking in the jagged ceiling. He slid the gated fence closed behind him as he put a hand on his neck and grimaced feeling his necklace was still gone from his neck. 
An image of Janel flashed in his mind focusing on her neck which showed her wearing his necklace with the diamond ring attached to it. He held up a hand and felt its pull towards a direction which he allowed to guide him walking down a hallway pass metal doors on his sides till he reached stairs and walked up them. He continued to walk up the stairs going around in a circle till his hand guided him to an open doorway which he walked through to see a hallway with stone walls all around him and circular lights shining from above. He walked into the hallway guided by his hand passing metal doors on his sides till he reached an open doorway with door open besides it. He peered into the room to see it was brightly lit up by fluorescent lights shining above and spotted his necklace lying on a long rectangular glass box which he went inside towards it. 
He reaching the box picked up the necklace putting it on around his neck and froze hearing a voice speaking from behind him “Jinks, take a look at the box’s contents.” 
He spun around to see Janel standing in an open doorway in the room with a curtain in it with two men wearing New York City's police like uniforms but in color green holding long guns in their hands. He heard her repeat her words which he felt compelled to look turned around and looked stiffening of shock seeing the contents. He saw inside was a male from his dream looking with his face with the exact clothes he dreamed of and a sword held in the male’s right hand. 
He stared at the male with a frown running through him as he heard Janel speak again “Roo told me of a family legend that happened when he was a child years before the U.S. arrived to Shadan which I’ll tell you. The family legend was that Roo’s father Neil living in some nation called Great Britain unsure why the name is twin to Earth's Great Britain. He was living in Shadan at the time, that was exploring land that was going be developed. Neil came to a cave entrance in the ground that showed a cave similar size as the room and he found lying on a slab was him who is lying in that box. He told the others of this who had people mostly the dominance species Highlanders, examine the cave and the man but they couldn’t find any clues to who he was or anything else in the cave besides the slab. The Highlanders insisted that the man be removed on grounds of developing the land which Neil placed him in various locations in this glass coffin.”
He frowned as Janel paused as he looked at her to see her standing next to him looking at him. 
He stared at her as she continued speaking “After Neil passed away Roo had the man taken to the United States after the transfer for testing trying to find out what killed him and his identity. The tests didn’t identify the man but discovered that he died of wounds indicating of fighting with weapons like the one he’s holding in his hand. The tests also reveal that his clothes were put on him after his death along with the crown. 
Roo came upon a theory that the man had something to do with a Shadan's Human legend involving a King but it hasn’t been proven.”
He looked away at the male in the box as Janel paused from speaking then added “Roo’s theory is that the man must be a King in the legend that involves Shadan. He told me that Shadan had Humans living before the transfer who were primitive in technology actually and were dominated by the Highlanders living advanced in technology. 
The legend was said that the King had made himself appear to be a like a deity lord to Humans something the other species on Shadan disagreed with. Roo thinks this must be why the man’s body was placed in the cave with no identification on him. For he also thinks that people disagreed with the man’s actions of trying to be their deity lord in religious terms and did this to his body after he died supposedly killed by those weapons twin to the one in his hand.”
He spoke as Janel paused “Hence his interests in me. My face is the same as the man.” 
Janel spoke “It could be that but his interest towards you hasn’t been made known to me. I suspect that it’s something else like I’ve sensed from you the moment I met you long ago that created your son.” 
He looked at Janel with a frown on his face as she stared at him with a frown in her eyes. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as she continued “Come with me, Jinks.” 
Jinks followed her out of the room walking behind her while sensing the two men with guns following. He walked passed metal doors behind Janel who reached a set of stairs going up and walked up them with him following her. He eyed her back as the group went up the stairs going pass doorways till they reached a door with a button console next to it. Jinks watched as Janel pressed some buttons on the console and then the metal door slid open with a humming sound and he followed her walking through the doorway to see a large square room with metal walls and a console of elevator buttons on one wall as he stood. 
He heard doors slid closed from behind him and eyed Janel who went to the button console pressing the button a word on it he read “Guest.”
He felt the elevator go up with a humming sound while hearing beeping sounds as it made its rise towards the desired floor. He kept his mouth shut as Janel folded her arms eyes staring at the floor he saw. Jinks felt a jerk as the elevator stopped followed by the humming sound ending. He saw the metal wall in front of him open revealing a large room with scattered furniture in it with a lamp shining brightly illuminating the room. He followed Janel out and sensed the men with guns stay in the elevator as its doors closed behind him. He looked around the room to spot a bed with a pillow like padded head board with a shiny red dot in the middle of it and blankets on it with pillows. His senses blared an alarm which he slowly looked around the room to see it was a little high above him while spotting red dots which he assumed were cameras recording his ever move along with spotting the dots peering from furniture. 
He looked at Janel who spoke “Jinks.” 
He sensed what she wanted from within him, which he bent down taking off his shoes and socks then straightened to strip himself of his clothing and his necklace while eying Janel doing the same to her clothes. He in the buff went to the bed following her naked form which she laid on it on her back and he lied on his side next to her. Jinks felt her hands on his shoulders pulling him towards her whom he obeyed as he took Janel’s hands and thrust them above her head onto the bed in a quick move while clasping her wrists together in an ironclad grip with one of his hands. 
He heard her protest “Jinks-“
Jinks interrupted “Trust me, Janel.” 
He lowered his face to Janel’s neck and began raining kisses while hearing her moans some sounds of pleasure. Jinks lowered his kisses towards her collar bone and went lower till he reached her breasts to suck on a nipple. Janel he felt arched herself towards his mouth sucking on her while giving off a loud gasp. He licked her then went to her other breast and did the same manipulations to it before laying his form on top of her. He felt her legs move surrounding him as he settled himself on her. Jinks stared at Janel’s face seeing her eyes closed and a pleasant expression on it. He entered inside her while feeling charges of pleasure arrive hitting him. He brought his free hand to his hand holding Janel’s wrists and released his hold to rub his fingers down her arms before going lower to her sides to grip her on the hips as her hands touched his shoulders gripping him there. Jinks moved in rhythm thrusting in and out of Janel while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her while hearing her give off moaning sounds. He smiled a smirking smile and looked up at the red dot peering through the headboard to narrow his eyes boring at it while he continued his mating with Janel. 
He mentally thought while staring at the red dot “You may have Janel as yours but I have her as mine to mate with.” 
He looked down at Janel to kiss her on the forehead as he continued to mate with her then with a jerk shook from a great wave of pleasure hitting him as he sensed her jerk under him giving off a loud long moaning sound. Jinks felt himself holding back in him which adjusted his arms with his face still having a smirking smile and narrowed eyes raising him up a bit to stare at Janel in the face who slowly blinked open her eyes. He saw Janel’s face and eyes turn to a frown seeing his expression on his face with his eyes narrowed boring at her. 
He stared at Janel who spoke while feeling her remove her legs off of him “Jinks, would you mind getting off? Our mating is finished.” 
He brought a hand to her neck gripping her there in a tight near choke hold as he brought his mouth to her cheek kissing her there and then continued to stare at her who had a hint of fear in her eyes. He could sense Janel stiffening underneath him as he stared at her, her facial expression changing to nervousness as he felt the familiar coldness feeling hitting him. 
He again heard her speak “Jinks, please.”
Jinks shook his head in a no gesture and removed his hand from her neck to bring both of his hands to her breasts kneading and fondling her while feeling her hands on his shoulders pushing him. 
He heard Janel again beg “Jinks, please.”
He in response removed his hands from her breasts to place them underneath her back and settled on top of her holding her in place as he brought his cheek to next to hers. 
He whispered in Janel’s ear “You deceived me and should suffer punishment for it.”
He heard Janel gasp out a cry as he again thrust in rhythm moving in and out of her as he again felt charges of pleasure arrive within him. He sensed Janel’s stiffening stop as her form became relaxed while hearing her gasp out sounds of pleasure. He again looked up at the red dot in the bed’s headboard with the same expression on his face as he moved mating with Janel. He then lowered his face to look at Janel’s face whose eyes were open with pleasure in them while gasping loudly. With a jerk he shook from a great wave of pleasure hitting him while hearing Janel give off a loud gasp sound before becoming silent as he again held himself back. He brought a hand from underneath her back to her forehead rubbing the area gently and mentally ordered her to sleep. He watched as Janel’s eyes blinked several times before closing them and felt her form become still hands sliding off his shoulders to lie on the bed besides her with her breathing deep. Jinks pulled out of Janel to lie besides her on his side. He stared at her sleeping form sat up to reach for the blanket at the bed’s foot to pull it up which he placed on her covering up her form. He rubbed a hand on her cheek and then got up from the bed walking towards his clothes piled on the floor which he bent down to put on his form along with his necklace. He went to the elevator which opened showing the familiar men inside who pointed their guns at him.
Jinks waved a hand towards them mentally speaking "Sleep." 
He watched as they lowered their guns to fall towards the floor lying still. He turned and looked at Janel then walked inside the elevator which the doors closed and he went to the console to peer at the buttons. 
He pressed the one labeled “Lobby.” 
Jinks folded his arms as the elevator went down which it stopped with a jerking motion. He unfolded his arms as smoke abruptly poured into the elevator from above him as he spied a camera in the corner aimed down at him. He kept his eyes and face staring at the camera with a blank expression as smoke fogged up the elevator bringing sleepiness which overcame him and he lowered himself to the floor going unconscious. 
Jinks felt a motion of a vehicle jerked his eyes open to find himself sitting in a limo alone with a figure in front at the driver’s seat wearing a cap with pointed ears of a Highlander seen peeking out of long black hair. The sunlight he saw appeared to be low in the sky despite the tall buildings standing overhead. He sat up to feel himself still wearing the all black clothes, shoes and necklace but had a black business suit like jacket over his top. He looked out the window to see buildings of New York City loomed overhead as the car drove through traffic. 
He frowned staring out the window as he heard the driver speak “Mister Knight requests you to visit your grandmother Missus Rita Richardson, mother of your father Burke Richardson and to use his name when introducing yourself to the staff when requesting Rita.”
He looked away from the window as the car stopped at a building with a doorman in front of it and he again heard the driver speak “We’re here. Call me on the cell phone in your pocket of the jacket at the dialed in number to let me know when your visit is done.” 
He felt for the jacket’s breast pocket to feel a familiar object in it which he opened the door and got out of the limo closing the door behind him. He stood and looked back watching as the limo drove away which he turned back to stare at the doorman looking at him with a blank look on his face. Frowning he walked towards the door as the doorman leaned and opened it without a word which he walked inside to see a lobby of couches, arm chairs and tables scattered around in front of him. Exhaling a breath he saw a counter desk in front of him where a female wearing a suit was sitting next to a computer monitor and a phone besides her while she was clicking on the keyboard. 
He went to the woman who looked up and spoke “Help you sir?”
He spoke “Here to see Rita Richardson.” 
He frowned as the woman looked away back to her computer clicking on the keyboard before looking at him speaking “Take the elevator to floor number ten where you’ll be directed to her location.” 
Jinks nodded his head and spied the elevators away behind her and went to them which he reached one of them pressed a button on the wall with the arrow pointing up. He stood waiting as he heard a ding sound and saw an elevator open its doors which he walked inside. He spied the button console pressed the number ten and then the elevator went up with a humming sound. He felt the elevator stop at the desired floor opened its doors showing a set of double doors in front a bit away which he walked out of the elevator going to the doors. He went through the doors as they slammed behind him to see in front of him was a counter where people wearing medical scrubs were behind it doing their work. He went to the counter and waited as one of them a woman sitting in front of a computer on a desk looked in his direction. 
He waited as the woman got up going to the counter to speak “Yes, something I can do for you?”
Jinks spoke “Here to see Rita Richardson.” 
The woman spoke “I like to know your name for our records.”
He spoke “Burke Richardson Junior.” 
He saw her eyes widen followed by opening her mouth and closing it then she spoke “I’ll show you where Miss Rita is.” 
He watched as she walked around the counter walking in his direction and he followed her going down the hallway with open doors at both sides and people looking old he saw sitting in the doorways in wheelchairs. 
He followed her till she reached a doorway with a sign that said “Montreal room.”
Jinks frowned at the name as she walked inside with him following and he saw a large room with series of armchairs, couches and tables with chairs scattered in the room. He paused as the woman paused to point with a finger towards a female figure sitting in a wheelchair sideways to a window reading a book appearing to be an old careworn book that appeared religious to him, in her hands judging by her head position aimed at it while having low rimmed glasses on her face. 
He heard the woman spoke “That’s her, Miss Rita.” 
Jinks nodded his head as the woman turned and left him walking away. He weaved his way around people, chairs and tables till he grabbed an empty chair and took it with him to his Grandmother. He set the chair down next to her wheelchair and bent down to kiss her on the cheek then sat in the chair besides her as she looked up from the book and looked in his direction on her left. 
He saw a smile appear on her eyes as she lowered the book and took off her glasses to rise her hands signing words he understood said “You must be my Grandson Burke Junior. I finally am able to meet you after all these years.” 
He nodded his head then raised his hands to sign “Nice to meet you Grandma.” 
He stared at her as she signed “Well I have lots to tell you but I’ll say as much as I can without boring you.”
He again nodded his head as he stared at his Grandmother who continued signing “I’ll explain why I’m signing is because I’m deaf and I was born that way since being born on Martha’s Vineyard an island off the coast of Massachusetts. I was taught to sign by my parents who worked with the deaf living on the island. I grew up on the island and later I met my husband Edward who has no hearing disabilities in Connecticut while working at a school for the deaf. 
We had Burke your father who turned out to be our only child. I taught him how to communicate with the deaf through sign language which he is fluent in. He met your mother Lizette O’Neil at a deaf camp when he was there as a counselor in Connecticut. 
Your mother and your father married for a short time and later had you but for some unknown reason your parents separated never divorced with your mother having to take care of you without any influence from your father in your life. 
Your father has repeatedly shown pictures of you growing up taken by hired photographers mostly during the times when you competed for a belt in karate and school pictures your mother sent him.” 
He frowned as his Grandma paused from signing then signed “When your father showed those pictures to me I could see the pride in his face. He seemed to me to be very proud of you and your accomplishments which have him happy. 
Except I could see that there was pain in his eyes whenever he mentioned you which I suspect he misses being a part of your life and has wanted to father you. 
I don’t know the details of what happened between your father and your mother. All I know is that your parents had a terrible argument and your mother walked out taking you with her when you were nearly walking.”
He stared at his Grandma as she was interrupted by female wearing scrubs who signed "Its time for your medicine. I have to give it to you in your room." 
His Grandma he saw nodded her head then signed to him “I expect more visits from you, Jinks.”
He frowned at the name Jinks as she continued to sign as the female got behind her wheelchair “Your father nicknamed you, Jinks since you were born so come back and I’ll tell you more.”
He nodded his head as the female in scrubs pushed his Grandma away which he got up following watching them enter a doorway and he kept walking to the doors to the elevator and entered them. He took the elevator down to the lobby and pulled out the cell phone once outside. 
He pressed the dialed in number and heard the driver’s voice on the phone “I’m on my way, please wait.” 
Jinks frowned as the driver hung up and he put the cell phone away in his pocket to stand with arms folded watching the traffic drive by him in the street. He stood and waited as the limo came driving up and stopped which he spied the familiar Highlander in the driver’s seat and he went inside the limo to sit and froze seeing Roosevelt sitting in a seat opposite from him with a glare on his face. 
Jinks kept his face blank as Roosevelt spoke “I don’t find it amusing that you tortured my wife.” 
He leaned back in the seat and folded his arms eyes on Roosevelt who continued speaking “Torture my wife again and I’ll see that you pay.” 
He narrowed his eyes at the threat but kept his mouth shut as Roosevelt glared at him with a boring narrowed eyed look. 
He turned his head away to look out the window and heard Roosevelt speak again “I like my cell phone back so hand it over now.” 
He unfolded his arms and got out the cell phone tossing it to Roosevelt who caught it and he again looked out the window ignoring the man who kept glaring at him. 
He sighed and looked at Roosevelt then raised a hand and mentally gave the command "Sleep." 
Jinks watched as the man’s eyes drooped blinking before shutting them falling asleep followed by bowing his head. He looked out the window for a third time to see the limo driving on the street to the building where his loft apartment was. 
He heard the driver speak “Almost there to your apartment so be prepared to leave the car for I can’t stop and park for that.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the limo reaching the building on its side paused and he quickly darted out of the car closing the door behind him and speed walked to the sidewalk out of the street. He turned around to watch the limo drive away going around a corner out of sight as he saw a fist appearing to be a hand stuck out the window. Jinks sighed figuring that his sleep trick didn't work on Roosevelt and walked inside going to his apartment where he found an envelope stuck to his door which he yanked off and opened it to find his keys inside. He yanked out his keys using them to unlock the door and shut it behind him once inside locking it. Jinks went to take a shower he feeling himself needing to get out of the clothes. Once done with the cleaning he leaned his hands against the sink counter and stared at himself in the mirror. 
He thought “Payback, Janel. You’re not getting another child from me again easily without me having anything to do with it.”
Jinks exhaled a breath and went to his sweatpants hanging on a rod in the wall which he put on. He felt himself hungry and barefoot walked to the refrigerator and started pulling out food which he prepared and ate then put the dishes away in the dishwasher. He finished rubbed a hand on his head and stared at the phone’s answering machine that was blinking its light which he went to pressing some buttons. 
He heard a voice speaking “Jinks, this is Richardson. I hope you’re alright.”
He sighed as his father’s voice paused despite the concern in it then continued to say “Give me a call at this number anytime for it’s my cell phone.” 
He heard his father rattle off a set of numbers then was followed by a beep noise as the message ended. 
He stretched his arms above him and went to a spot on the wooden floor to sit stretching his limber form then with a karate move swung himself up to stand and began doing his martial art exercises. Once done he went to his altar and kneeled shutting his eyes mediating as the day’s events flashed in his mind. He breathed deeply through his nose as he mediated and opened his eyes in near darkness with lights from outside shining through the windows the sunlight gone. Sighing he went to his bed turning on a lamp and grabbing his pajama pants off of them and went into the bathroom to shower again washing off the sweatiness. He stood naked in the shower stall letting the water run over him as he soaped himself and smiled a smirk as the memory of himself mating with Janel flashed in his mind and himself mating with her for a second time. Once done with the shower he walked out and dried himself with towels then put on his pajamas picking up his sweatpants to hang them on a rod behind the door in the wall and he walked out of the bathroom yawning and eyed the bed with relief. He went to the bed and pulled the blankets off as he got in and put the blankets on his form up to his chest and fluffed the pillow with his hands before settling his head on it. He eyed the metal pipes in the ceiling high overhead then turned towards the lamp shutting it off plunging the room into near darkness as lights from outside shined dimly through the windows. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and shut his eyes allowing himself to fall asleep his last sight was seeing red glowing dots shining from the ceiling. He didn't register them till later.
Jinks dreamed of himself wearing ragged dirt tan colored clothing while riding a horse on a beach. He was leaning over on the saddle while shaking his head with pain in his blue eyes seen. He rubbed a hand on his forehead as he continued to ride and discovered the sun overhead blocked out which he looked up to see a giant shadow with jagged edges above him and he frowned seeing it appearing to lower itself down to the ground which he kept eying it. The shadow came in view showing silver metal with smooth edges and bursts of fire coming from the sides as it came closer towards him. He felt fear arriving within him gripped the reins and urged the horse to run faster. He heard a roaring noise sounding gonoid like and the horse abruptly crumbled onto the ground with him falling with it. He groaned in pain lying on the ground watching as the metal thing came lower towards him. He saw parts of the metal split apart showing a white light that shined onto him blinding him and he heard a sound followed by stinging pain in his chest that made him sleepy and he shut his eyes. 
He came to find himself lying on something warm and metallic while naked and opened his eyes to stiffen with fear as a humanoid figure stood next to him. He saw the figure was wearing white clothing on the body form appearing to be a male and on his face was a golden mask covering the head with the mask consisted of a blank face with glowing golden eyes with a blue veil covering the rest of the head. 
He heard an alien voice spoken in his mind “Lance Richard, you shall be king.”
The humanoid he saw placed a black gloved hand on his forehead and he shut his eyes as darkness arrived as the scene went black.
Jinks woke up by the alarm blare its sound from the alarm clock sitting on the bed stand next to a lamp. He reached with a hand and shut the blaring off shaking his head of sleep as he recalled the dream running through his mind. He felt tiredness eyed the clock as he did some button pressing on it for the date and saw it was still a work day which he groaned a soft groan. He got up from the bed as light of the day shined through his windows illuminating the apartment intending to start his day. 
Jinks grabbed a pair of black sneakers and went to the couch’s chaise to sit putting on the sneakers and stood up looking around the apartment with a frown on his face as he felt a creepy feeling hitting him. It made his senses blaring alarm unexpectedly he not sure why he was feeling it. Then went to the kitchen counter grabbing his keys and walked out of the apartment locking the door behind him. He placed the keys in his pocket as he walked down the stairs going out of the building walking into the cool cold air of the morning. He felt himself better but not creep out as he walked into his father’s building and went to work. 
He stood alone in the cafeteria mopping the floor while thinking of his dream which his thoughts were shattered by a sound of clicking noises heading towards him. He looked up to see an apparent older woman, older than him with some look of youth on her face, with long frizzy blonde hair wearing a long sleeve white top that nearly revealed her breasts, too much along with a very short black skirt baring most of her legs till mid thigh. 
Jinks groaned softly to himself as he continued mopping he recognizing that she was going to hit onto him for sexual favors he figured was what she was going to do. 
The woman he saw reached him and spoke “Oh my, what do we have here? Ooh a very handsome man doing mopping. You can mop me up if you like.” 
He paused from mopping as she gripped his arm with her hand showing long fingernails which he grimaced inwardly keeping his face blank. 
The woman continued “My, what strong arms you have, ooh.”
He stiffened from her touch as she squeezed his arm and then he tightened his hold on the mop handle putting it between them backing away as she let go of his arm. 
He saw a frown appear on her eyes that changed to amusement which he heard her add “Ooh playing hard to get? Well I love that game. The better it is the more challenge I’ll get.” 
He sighed as a memory of Leanna cornering him in a hallway when he was in high school flashed in his mind. Leanna according to the memory talked to him in the same sugar sweet fake tone of voice as the woman while attempting to kiss him on the lips. He in the memory went along with Leanna’s attempt by placing a hand on her cheek. 
Jinks recalled speaking "You're to return to your classroom and attend class by forgetting about me." 
Leanna for some reason didn’t appear to be affected by his command kept on aiming her face towards his while closing her eyes. He in his desperation kissed Leanna on the cheek startling her and got out of her trap by jogging away going into his classroom arriving there before the bell rang loudly with other students there. 
Jinks frowned as the woman edged herself towards him while continuing to speak “Ooh what a hunky man deserves a nice kiss on the pucker for he has my approval for being so hunky.” 
He formed a frown on his face as the woman stood in front of him placing her hands on his cheeks which he reached with a hand and placed it on her forehead mentally giving the command for sleep. He saw sleepiness appear in the woman’s eyes who he shrugged off her hands on his cheeks and saw her topple towards the floor which he dropped the mop and grabbed her. 
He held her as she slowed her words “Ooh...kiss....me...you...hunky...man.”
Jinks lifted her up as she went limp surrendering to sleep and carried her to a set of couches and armchairs in the corner of the room and placed her asleep on the couch before tiptoeing away back to his mop. 
He mopped the floor till lunchtime when people stared streaming into the room crowding it. He got in line for the food processing units and got himself a tray full of dishware of food and cup of drink and took it to a table to sit facing the lounge chairs corners eying the woman on the couch. He as he ate saw four men in suits elbow each other while appearing to be laughing heading towards the woman watching as one of them bent down kissing her square on the lips. He watched as the woman woke up with form jerking and saw the man kissing her stand up as she got up from the couch looking angry. He kept his face and eyes blank while laughing inside as the woman looked in his direction with a glare and watched her storm into an elevator with hands fisted. He saw the four men get on the couch the woman vacated all appearing to be roaring of laughter which he grinned a smile staring at them. He continued to eat his food and once done placed it in the moving tray unit to take to the kitchen for washing. He sighed as he went back to his cleaning cart and began cleaning up messes left by people eating in the room. 
Jinks cleaned the cafeteria till the last person left the room and he sighed when the last mess was done. He leaned against the mop handle and stared out the windows looking at the view of buildings in his eyesight. He heard a throat clearing noise and looked behind him to see a male dressed in black slacks with suspenders in red holding it up high and a white long sleeve shirt which he saw the male’s face showing him appearing to be his age with thick wire rimmed glasses on his face. He stared at the male questioningly. 
The male spoke with a groaning tone “You’re wanted in Miss Teggro’s office. She spilled her coffee over her desk and doesn’t have much to clean up the sticky mess.”
Jinks shrugged and went to his cleaning cart stuffing the mop in its pail on the cart and pushed it following the male to the elevator which went up two floors before stopping to reveal a small lobby with a receptionist woman sitting at a desk head phones in her ears who glanced up towards him to roll her eyes. He frowned at the gesture as the male led him down the hallway to a doorway where two desks were sitting at the sides leading to another hallway with an open door at the end. 
He heard the male speak “The doorway at the end is where her office is.” 
Jinks pushed the cart down the hallway and peered into the room to see brown stuff sitting on a desk with the trash can full of papers with brown stuff on them. He sighed and grabbed a sponge from his cart and a sprayer and walked into the room. The door behind him slammed closed which he spun around to see the woman who hit on him earlier in the cafeteria standing there with a smirk on her face. 
He felt angry at the trickery snarled “I don’t want to kiss you Miss Teggro.”
He turned his back to spray the desk and began sponging and jerked stiffening as her hands touched his seat which he dropped the items in his hands to spin around yanking her hands off him. 
He spoke again “I’m not interested in you so back off.”
He glared at Miss Teggro who showed laughter in her eyes as she spoke in the familiar voice tone “Ooh hunky is playing hard to get-“
He interrupted “I’m not playing hard to get so leave me alone, I’m not interested.” 
Jinks turned around and again began cleaning up the mess on her desk as he felt her press her form into his back which annoyed him. 
He heard Miss Teggro again spoke “Ooh what a hunky body, can’t wait to ride his banana seat.” 
He snarled growling loudly as he continued to sponge up the mess he saw was actually melted chocolate from the smell of it, and looks of it, till the desk was clean and he turned around only to be blocked by Miss Teggro who placed hands on his chest. 
He spoke yelling “I said I’m not interested! So back off or else!”
Miss Teggro to his annoyance ignored his yelling to knead him with her fingers. Jinks angrily put the sponge in one hand with the sprayer and yanked Miss Teggro’s hands off of him with his other hand and walked around her only to be blocked by her stepping in front of him while hearing her giggling loudly. He glared at Miss Teggro who again brought her hands to his chest which he felt a coldness feeling arrive shot out his hand towards her neck to grip her in a choke hold raising her up above him dangling her feet. 
He saw Miss Teggro’s laughing look turn to horror on her face as he spoke “I’m sick of people manipulating me for own gains leaving me to feel pain of being used. I’m tired of the manipulations and I will do what it takes to have them see me more than just their deity lord.” 
Jinks glared at Miss Teggro to grip her neck harder while hearing her gag loudly then tossed her towards a wall which she hit with a bang sound sliding towards the floor unconscious. Jinks went to the door and opened it walking out and closing it behind him. He went to his cart putting away the sprayer and sponge and wheeled the cart through the hallway to spot the male sitting at a desk typing on the computer. He angrily left his cart walking towards the male who looked at him with a smirk which he leaned down grabbing the male’s shirt lifting him up above him to dangle his feet. 
He saw a look of surprise on the male’s face as he spoke in a cold evil voice “Don’t ever play me again.” 
He tossed the male who went flying towards the wall and hit it with a loud groaning sound and he stomped away going back to his cart. Jinks pushed to the elevator as he saw the receptionist lady eye him with a grimace on her face seeing him look her way. He heard the elevator ding its sound and he went inside taking the elevator down to the lobby where he walked out. He went to the janitor’s closet stuffing the cart inside and walked out of the building walking down the street towards his home where he went inside and jogged to his apartment. He let himself inside with his keys which he placed on the kitchen counter after locking the door. He raised his hands to roar and angry creepy voice sound and continued roaring noises while waving his arms of anger. 
He heard the phone ringing went to answer it speaking in a calm voice tone in his creepy voice “Hello?”
He heard a feminine voice spoke “You bastard! You held yourself back!”
He rolled his eyes recognizing Janel’s voice speaking and again felt the coldness feeling remain within him as Janel continued to speak “I don’t find it amusing you torturing me-“
He interrupted speaking in a cold evil voice “You deceived me, woman. You won’t get another child easily from me again.” 
With that he hung up the phone and stared at it while shaking his fist towards it while growling loudly. He felt himself angry went to kneel in front of the altar breathing deeply shutting his eyes mediating. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding from behind him and opened his eyes turning around. Jinks saw a male looking like the man from the glass coffin in his apartment that had moonlight shining from the windows as he stared with shock. 
Jinks stared at himself, he assumed was the male who spoke in a male voice with an accent “Pleased to meet you, Jinks.”
Jinks gaped at himself staring with widen eyes as himself continued speaking “My name is Lance Richard a great King you should know of.”
He shook his head of shock hearing the words as Lance kept speaking “There’s lots for me to tell you but you’ll remember what you need to know about me. Be sure to ask your father about me when you get the chance he’ll tell you you’ll discover will be vital to your survival.” 
Jinks stared at Lance who burst into a flash of light and he shut his eyes only to open them finding himself still kneeling facing the altar and the sun light outside was dim in the apartment. Jinks felt himself calmer got up going to the lamp turning it on and heard the phone ring again shrilling its noises. 
He went to it and picked it up speaking “Hello?”
Jinks heard a voice speaking “Jinks, what’s going on? Two employees Nadya Teggro and Mitch Ruggeri complained about you physically hurting them by throwing them to walls which they have bruises from that.”
He rubbed a hand on his forehead as his father paused and continued speaking “Jinks, talk to me. Tell me what’s going on? I suspect there’s an ulterior motive to you being set off hurting them.”
Jinks sighed as his father went silent and spoke “Nadya was trying to kiss me which she started it in the cafeteria. I managed to avoid her till Mitch arrived requesting me to go to her office to mop up a spilled coffee mess on her desk. She repeatedly refused to listen to me telling her I wasn’t interested in her sexually or get my attempts of removing her hands off of me.” 
He paused discovering himself still using the creepy voice as his father spoke “Oh what’s with you being set off?”
Jinks spoke as the creepiness coldness left him using his own voice “I lost my temper and took it out on Nadya. I suspect that Mitch was on her attempt to get me in her office by his facial expression when he saw me after I got out. I was still angry and picked on Mitch by blowing more of my anger on him. I wound up leaving to home early.” 
Jinks quit talking as he heard nothing from his father but his breathing very hard enough to sense the male was being choked to him and followed by his father’s voice speaking “Alright...Jinks...You...will...be...hearing...from...me...again." 
He cleared his throat to hear his father clear his throat followed by the male adding "I’ll handle the matter personally. Don’t worry I’ll take care of it.” 
He heard a dial tone in his ear hung up the phone which it abruptly began ringing its noises. 
He sighed and picked up the phone speaking “Hello?”
Jinks heard a voice speaking “You think you’re so smart with what you did to my wife so I’ll see that-“
At the moment Jinks hung up the phone recognizing Roosevelt's voice his calm mood gone as he felt himself a little angry. He stared at the phone which rang again and went to the caller I.D. box sitting next to the answering machine on the kitchen counter next to the phone. 
He read on it the name “Roosevelt Knight.”
He groaned and folded his arms staring at the I.D. and heard the answering machine pick up in Janel’s voice speaking “This is J. Montreal. I can’t come to the phone now so leave a message along with your phone number.” 
Jinks stared at the answering machine as he heard a beep sound and heard Roosevelt’s voice speaking sounding angry “Damn it Montreal! I’m not finished talking to you! Pick up the phone!”
He pressed a button on the answering machine turning the sound off and stared at the blinking light that flashed a new message. With a groan he felt his mood better and went to kneel again in front of his altar eyes staring at the envelope on it. 
Jinks heard the doorbell ringing sighed and got up to stand in front of the door raising his hand closing his eyes. He saw an overhead view of a long brown haired woman dressed in a familiar blue dress that looked up showing Mara’s face with tears spilling from her eyes before looking down towards the door. Jinks opened his eyes finding his calm mood gone went to the door opening it and stared with narrowed eyes at Mara who looked like she was crying judging by the tears spilling in her eyes. 
He stared at her as she spoke “Jinks, do you mind if I come in?”
He opened the door wide and backed up allowing her inside and left the door ajar. He folded his arms staring at Mara who went to the couch to sit putting hands on her face and heard her sobbing loudly. Jinks walked to his altar and picked up the envelope and carried it to the couch as the door slammed open showing a male he recognized as Bart looking annoyed on his face standing in the doorway. 
Jinks spoke with annoyance in his voice “I’m not a substitute to your problems so solve it yourself.”
Jinks folded his arms finding himself speaking with a creepy voice as he felt the coldness hit him again. He found as Bart stared at him with a wide eyed look before walking towards Mara sitting next to her putting arms around her who removed them while looking annoyed on her face head turning away from him. 
Jinks went to Bart and handed him the envelope who stared at him with a confused expression and he whispered “Mara wrote it to me.”
He saw Bart’s expression remain the same watching the man take out the letter from the envelope. Jinks went to a chair at the kitchen table and sat facing the duo eyes focused on Bart who displayed different ranges of emotions on his face before putting the letter back in the envelope to look up staring at himself with a shocked expression on his face. He stared back at Bart and pointed to Mara with a finger gesturing with his head. 
He watched Bart’s mouth move he lip reading "Sorry I didn't know what you were suffering from." 
Jinks didn't hear the words the man leaning towards Mara holding the envelope towards her. 
He saw Mara with annoyance in her face despite her tears turn her head towards Bart with her mouth moving not hearing her words "Bart, I still love you and want you to love me back. Please." 
Jinks leaned against the chair as Bart and Mara continued their whispering conversation which was followed by them hugging each other in an apparent tight grip before giving each other a quick kiss on the lips before getting up from the couch walking towards his open doorway. Jinks got up to follow them to the door and turned his face into a neutral expression as Bart pause the two to look at him before holding up the envelope. Jinks raised a hand and shook his head no and saw Bart nod his head pocketing the envelope in an inside pocket of his business suit jacket. Jinks watched them leave and gently closed the door behind them locking it. He rubbed a hand on his forehead shaking his head of disgust running through him as the coldness feeling left him. 
Jinks heard the doorbell ring raised a hand closing his eyes to see a long blond haired woman dressed in clothing that reminded him of Nadya Teggro which he saw it was her when she raised her head to put hands on her hair then lowered her head and her hands. 
He unlocked the door opening it seeing Nadya who had a smirking look on her face and opened her mouth which he hurried spoke “Go away, I’m not interested in you.”
Jinks slammed the door shut and locked it then backed up to stand with his hands at his sides eyes narrowed as he again heard the doorbell ringing which he ignored the sound. He raised a hand towards the door and shut his eyes to see Nadya was still at the door finger on his doorbell button pressing it repeatedly. He mentally kept his eyes on Nadya who continued to ring the doorbell before seeing her raise her fist towards his door and stomp off. He opened his eyes and went to his rugby top and jeans putting them on exchanging his sweat pants. Then grabbed his keys grabbing them and walked out of his apartment locking the door and quietly went down the stairs reaching the last stair to the lobby. Jinks wound up to spot Nadya walking into an apartment with the door closing behind her in a bang sound he thought he heard a faint shriek sound but didn't realize till later that it was a scream of terror in her voice. He walked by the apartment in a speed walking move and walked outside in the sunlight that was still shining brightly and aimlessly allowed his feet to lead him taking him to Chinatown. Jinks walked by Asians who stared at him with neutral expressions on their faces as he passed by them. He went to the Lotus Order’s temple and met a monk standing at the entrance who halted his walking with a hand up. 
Jinks stood and waited as the monk lowered his hand to speak “Confess your crime to your past and you’ll receive the help you need.” 
Jinks stared at the monk with a frown as an image of Tan Lee flashed in his mind and sigh he walked away seeking the alleyway which he found easily and walked inside. He reached the door to Tan’s karate studio and knocked on it before opening the door walking inside. Jinks saw Tan in the room looking at him with a questioningly look on his face. 
Jinks sighed and spoke “I wasn’t happy when you rudely rejected me as one of your students. You’re right on York Leroy. I sort of edged him to trash your school and I got his job position from the grocery store achieving something I wanted.” 
He paused as Tan’s face turned serious and saw the man fold his arms as the Asian spoke “Were you angry at me for my actions towards your mother to retaliate?”
He inhaled a breath and spoke “I guess I was. I was very angry when that happened.” 
Jinks stared at Tan who nodded his head before the man spoke “I think it explains some questionable things that happened in the past. Things I’m not inclined to drag up again for I’ve gotten over my anger towards them with the help of others. I believe you have yourself.” 
He nodded his head in agreement as Tan continued speaking “Anything else, Jinks?”
Jinks spoke “No, nothing.” 
Tan spoke “I have nothing to teach you today so you may leave.” 
Jinks nodded his head and then left the karate studio walking out and walked out of the alleyway walking among Asians who again stared at him with range of emotions on their faces. He continued walking out of Chinatown towards his street pausing by a car sized alleyway which his feet turned and led him in it as if compelled. He saw it was a dead end with a dumpster standing in front of a high building like brick wall and his eyes focused on the ground in front of it which he broke into a jog running towards it. Jinks saw with shock as he jogged towards the dumpster, Nadya lying on the ground looking unconscious with her clothes torn baring her in nudity while seeing something like bruises on her face. Jinks reached her squatted to place a hand on her neck to feel for her pulse which he could feel it faintly thumping and he lifted her up with his arms carrying her out of the alleyway. Jinks’ feet as his speed walked led him away from his street to several streets with low traffic till he reached a building with medical symbols on it. He walked through the doorway through the lobby guided by the familiar compulsion feeling to the elevators which he got in one and took one to a floor via kicking a button with his foot. He got out and walked down a hallway towards a door at the end to see a woman wearing medical scrubs walk out with a frown on her face. Jinks saw her expression change to shock as she backed up holding the door open which he walked inside to see a small square room with chairs and a doorway opposite him. 
He stood and waited while holding Nadya who was still unconscious in his arms as the woman spoke “Follow me to an examining room.” 
Jinks followed her to the doorway entering it to see medical personal sitting around a desk with mugs in their hands and heard the woman yell loudly “Get the doctor! We have a possible rape victim!”
Jinks carrying Nadya followed her down the hallway to a door which she opened and gestured with her hands which he brought her inside the room and laid her on the bed then walked out as medical personal darted past him going into the room. 
He felt a tap on his shoulder and looked to see a female medic with a clipboard and pen in her hands who spoke “Your name please and your relationship with the victim.” 
Jinks spoke “Jinks Montreal. Her name is Nadya Teggro who works at Richardson Industries. I work as the janitor. I sort of found her lying in an alleyway looking like that.” 
Jinks paused as the medic wrote with her pen onto the clipboard then he added “I saw her enter an apartment in my building as I was leaving it.” 
He paused again then spoke his street’s name, the building number and the apartment number then clamped his mouth shut as the medic continued scribbling with her pen on the clipboard. He paused from talking as the medic continued to scribble notes on her clipboard. 
Jinks spoke “Anything else?”
He frowned as the Medic spoke “Do you know the individuals living in the apartment Miss Teggro entered?”
He spoke “Not really. I’m not that friendly to people in the building and I sort of kept to myself. I don’t even know who lives in that apartment or who they look like.” 
He paused as the Medic kept scribbling then she spoke “Your home address in that building please.” 
He rattled it off then she spoke “We will be contacting you for further questions once we get Miss Teggro conscious. Thank you that’s all. You may leave.”
He nodded his head as the Medic walked off and walked out of the hallway to the waiting room and with a sigh walked out taking a route to outside which he walked to his apartment building. He felt a bat like object whack him on the back of his knees hard which brought him to kneel which he quickly stood up ducking as another bat swung at him. He saw masked males dressed in all black clothes with Asian like eyes attacking him with two swinging bats aimed at him. He felt his movements of karate easily blocked by them seemingly knowing his movements as he was surrounded by them. Jinks felt annoyance hitting him as bats hit him from behind knocking him to the ground lying on it and feeling bodies jumping onto his back restraining him. He felt a needle like prick of pain in his neck followed by sleepiness hitting him whom he struggled to fight till the sleepiness overtook him and he went unconscious. 

Part Two: As a Legend

Jinks woke up lying in a patch of grass from the feel of it against his skin. He frowned realizing that he was naked without any clothes on and sat up looking around. He saw that he was in a forest of trees and bushes surrounding him. He looked up at the sky seeing no skyscrapers in view and frowned wondering where he was. He stood up looking around with confusion running through him as the bushes in front of him shook showing five figures walking in view coming from the forest. He frowned staring at them seeing they are wearing black robed like clothing that were covering their bodies and heads with bodies looking like male forms along with metal triangle shaped hats on their heads. He stared at their faces seeing that they were covered up with a metal like masks of the sun on that their eyes appeared to be Asian from peeking through the masks from holes surrounding the eye parts of the masks. 
He stiffened as they looked at each other then darted towards him with hands up which told him that they were friendly. He felt annoyance hitting him as they proceeded to touch him all over with their gloved hands not sparing his sensitive parts. Jinks felt further annoyed by their touch as his eyes were abruptly blinded by a cloth covering them and felt the cloth tied to the back of his head. He sensed hands on his arms pulling him forward forcing him to walk in a brisk pace by too many directions of twisty turns that bewildered him. 
He found himself stopped and then lifted up by them onto a moving living being he felt was a horse while feeling one of them get behind him and restrain his arms to himself by hands holding them. He felt the horse move at a fast pace while hearing other horses sounds. 
He heard water lapping sounding like the ocean and smelled the salt air followed by the water becoming quieter and heard horses’ hooves clopping on something that seemed to echo. 
He felt his companion get off the horse and himself yanked off to feel a stone floor from the touch of his bare feet. He was led forwards by hands gripping his arms while smelling smoke from fires. He felt himself led through several turns till he was forced to stop and the blindfold yanked off of him. 
Jinks blinked his eyes from the torch fire light to see he was in a large stone room surrounded by figures in a semi circle seeing them staring at something which he looked to see a woman appearing to be Human with long wavy blonde hair and Human eyes that appeared to be black sitting in a chair that appeared to be made out of gold. 
He frowned seeing that she reminded him of Nadya Teggro by the facial appearance making him annoyed to see. Jinks saw that she was wearing a white long sleeve dress revealing parts of her breasts with a skirt part going to her ankles where her bare feet were seen. Jinks saw that part of the skirt had a slit as the woman got up walking towards him with some staring look in her face that made him think it was twin to Nadya's smirk putting him off. 
Nadya he assumed was her, he eyed turned to her right walking in a direction with himself pushed to follow which he obeyed seeing her enter a doorway in the wall with a curtain hanging on the side. He entered the doorway to hear the curtain swish closed behind him as he saw were a large round room with a fireplace having a lighted fire in it on his left and a massive bed on his right with bed posts appearing to be made out of wood with carved drawings on it. He saw the bed had blankets and lumpy pillows on it as the woman he saw yanked the blankets back then turned to face him slowly taking off her dress. He eyed her feeling himself aggravated into wanting to mate from seeing her naked body as the dress was taken off her form pooling at her feet. 
Jinks walked forwards raising his hands as the woman backed up going to the bed which she laid her form on it as he reached her while compelled to do it. He laid his form on top of her while feeling her legs part accommodating him her hands going to the sides of his face via the cheeks as he felt a headache, with his hands going to her chest underneath her breasts. He entered her feeling no barriers blocking his way and thrust in rhythm feeling pleasant from entering her as he felt her feeling the same way but remaining still in the mating. Jinks felt himself spill inside her as he jerked from feeling a charge of pleasure hitting him while hearing himself gasp out a moaning like cry. He felt his desire to mate gone and gently pulled himself out of her to lie on his side next to her. He watched as she sat up pulling the blankets to put on himself and her covering their nudity and he felt himself tired shut his eyes and fell asleep. 
Jinks woke up with a start sensing himself alone in bed and not alone in the room. He jerked his eyes open to look at his left seeing one of the masked figures was standing in the room next to the bed holding fabric in his gloved hands that appeared to be clothes. With a groan he got up from the bed and went to the figure and took the clothes from him seeing that they appeared to be made out of crude leather and was long sleeve dirt colored shirt and a dirt colored pants with slipper like shoes for his feet which he put them on. 
The figure he eyed made a come gesture with his hand and he obeyed following him out of the room to the large room to stand in the middle of a semi circle of figures facing the woman again sitting in the throne. Jinks grimaced inwardly seeing her face and eyes had a cold cruel calculating look on it that bothered him. He watched as one of the figures handed him a sword and frowned as the figure pointed to another figure holding a sword who was swinging it in the air. 
Jinks frowned as the figure holding the sword attacked him with the weapon several times which he struggled to defend himself awkwardly. He felt his moves anticipated before he acted on them before doing them which they were easily blocked despite repeatedly getting a headache hitting him. 
Jinks grimaced as he felt himself cut by the figure’s sword repeatedly on his legs and arms with pain hitting him hard after each cut. He felt his pain toleration reached its limits and dropped the sword kneeling as he grimaced on his face. 
He saw the sword held figure reach him swinging his sword aiming at his neck only to pause by the figure looking at the woman whose eyes he saw were narrowed. He felt a blindfold placed over his eyes covering them and himself forced to stand and walk while grimacing from the pain hitting him of his body’s movements. He heard the sound of the ocean again and felt himself thrust on top of a horse with the gonoid taking off in a gallop. 
Jinks felt himself not restrained and alone on the horse forced himself to yank off the blindfold as the wind was blowing yanking the cloth from his hands. He looked around to discover that he was on a beach with the ocean on his right and a high rocky cliff wall on his left. He felt pain all over him forced himself to grab the reins with a hand and allowed the horse to have its head. He leaned over on the saddle while shaking his head with pain in his eyes. He rubbed a hand on his forehead as he continued to ride and discovered the sun overhead blocked out which he looked up to see a giant shadow with jagged edges above him and he frowned seeing it appearing to lower itself down towards the ground above him which he kept eying it. The shadow came in view showing it appearing to be all silver metal with smooth edges and bursts of fire coming from the sides as it came closer towards him. He felt fear arriving within him gripped the reins and urged the horse to run faster. He heard a roaring noise sounding gonoid like and the horse abruptly crumbled onto the ground with him falling off of it onto the ground on his back. He groaned in pain lying on the ground watching as the metal thing came lower towards him. He saw parts of the metal split apart showing a white light that shined onto him blinding him and he heard a sound that reminded him of a gun shot followed by stinging pain in his chest that made him sleepy and he shut his eyes. 
He came to find himself lying on something warm and metallic while naked and opened his eyes to stiffen with fear as a humanoid figure stood next to the bed he was lying on. He saw the figure was wearing white clothing on the body form appearing to be a male and on his face was a golden mask covering the head with the mask consisted of a blank face with glowing golden eyes with black cloth covering the rest of the head. 
He heard words spoken in his mind “Lance Richard, you shall be king.”
The manoid, he saw, placed a black gloved hand on his forehead and he felt the hand gently rubbing as he shut his eyes going unconscious passing out.
Jinks came to find himself wearing his leather clothes lying on a metal like floor. He forced himself to stand feeling his pain gone from him. He looked around to see that he was in a large room vast overhead ceiling and looked in front of him to see a set of stairs leading to a dais. He saw nine figures all wearing white hooded robes with faces and bodies covered up sitting in a row on chairs facing him. 
He felt a headache and frowned as he heard in his mind speaking “Your headache is a result of your mind being scanned by mind walkers.” 
He grimaced from the pain but found it tolerable then felt the pain stop as the figures raised their hands appearing to be black gloved gesturing with heads moving towards each other. He frowned seeing that the hand gestures didn’t seem to be sign language but gestures. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as he again felt a headache and heard the male voice speaking “We have a mission for you to do on the First Ones’ home world involving our kind there.”
He frowned showing it on his face as the voice continued to speak “The mission has been programmed in your mind and you’ll be aware of it once you wake up there.” 
Jinks felt the headache stop as he felt a hand feeling clawed grabbing his left arm which he looked to see a tall over his head Jackal head manoid with a Human muscular body and clawed hands. He felt himself forced to a walk out of the room by the Jackal head figure into a large giant hallway with ceiling vast overhead walking in a brisk pace till they reached a doorway in a wall. He frowned as he was thrust through the doorway into inky blackness and felt his arms grabbed by clawed hands and his eyes blindfolded and heard some click sound. He felt a needle prick pain hitting his neck followed by sleepiness hitting him that made him pass out. 
Jinks came to find himself on a horse that was galloping on a fast speed. His head he felt was leaning against the horse’s head with his arms dangling at the sides. 
He jerked as a headache came to his mind and heard a male voice speaking “Your mission is to get the mind walking species called Highlanders under control of a Highlander leader period. We will help you with your goal in return.”
With a groan the voice went silent and he straightened his form to sense his feet wearing cloth boots held in stirrups while feeling him sitting in a saddle. He reached forwards and grabbed the reins loosely holding them while letting the horse have its head. He felt clothes feeling smoother and made out of better material on his body were different from the clothes he was wearing previously. He sensed with his body the clothes were leggings on his legs, a long sleeve tunic like top and a vest feeling thick material on his upper body over the tunic. He felt a belt around his waist from the tightness feeling and sensed something hard as metal with long with some wideness and thinness hanging from the belt that was banging against his leg. He sighed as the horse appeared to know where it was going judging by it galloping in the forest on a wide dirt bare path in the ground that weaved. He heard nothing but the horse’s neighing noises as it galloped into the forest guided by some instinct. He looked around seeing nothing but greenery and abruptly tightened the reins when the horse reared up on its hind legs whinnying loudly. It took him a bit to calm the horse to a still position as he looked around the forest. 
He heard coming from in front of him saying “Surrender or else!”
He groaned and sighed softly as the voice sounding like a male spoke again loudly “We have you surrounded so surrender!”
He looked around and shouted “Not until you show yourselves and not make me think your spirits speaking!”
The bushes around him rumbled as men on saddle horse back wearing metallic armor on them came out with swords drawn surrounding him in a circle. He counted ten men and sighed softly again. 
He spoke “What’s the point of having me surrender to you when you outnumber me?!”
Jinks frowned inwardly as one of the men in front of him spoke “This is King George of Lionbane’s forest and lands. You are traveling without his permission to go through it.” 
Jinks felt disgust arriving within him as he felt a coldness feeling arrive in his chest as he stared at the speaker. Jinks saw the speaker’s eyes widen with a shocked look and then narrow as he felt the coldness take control. 
Jinks wound up escorted to a castle after leaving forest to past through a village of hut houses bordering the castle in front of it. People he noticed seem to stare at him with curiosity while an old woman he saw stared at him with a creepy intense stare with seriousness on her face as he passed her. He and group reach castle going on a drawbridge and a moat to inside.
Jinks wound up told "I order you off your horse now!"
He obeyed to get guided to inside the castle to a throne room where a man with black shoulder length hair and face of beard with a crown on his head is sitting on the throne wearing clothes styled similar to himself’s. 
He is told "This is King George of Lionsbane. Kindly say your name as required by visitors." 
Jinks spoke as if compelled “Lance Richard.”
He felt the coldness feeling arrive again and sees the King’s eyes widen staring at him and then the King spoke "I welcome you to the castle, Master. You are free to stay." 
The coldness feeling goes away as he heard shouting sounding behind him to frown looking. He found a female giving off feelings of familiarity darting into the room while waving a sword and looking scared. Jinks frowned recognized the female as the Nadya's twin he mated with. 
He felt annoyance take hold as the King was loudly speaking "Ignore those ruffians Orria. Just come to me now."
He exhaled a breath as Orria he assumed was the Nadya's twin's name dropped the sword and went to the King to sit on his lap while kissing the male on the mouth. Jinks felt disgust take hold as he felt a hand touching his arm and found the familiar old woman who gestured him to come. 
He obeyed to follow her unstopped to a part of the castle and got told "Just stay here for now. Don't come out again till I call for you." 
He wound up wandering outside out of boredom of staying in the room alone after a lengthy time period of being ignored by the King and only given soupy drinks to drink via an armored guard. He wanders outside to the courtyard unstopped which he wound up meeting a Knight he figured from the slurred talk was named Greenley acting drunk picked a fight with him. 
Jinks knocked Greenley down with his karate in front of a crowd of knights who haul him to the king after threatening with their swords to obey to their hauling. 
He heard one tell the king "His fighting style is Highlander like." 
While he is kneeling and he speaks as the coldness feeling arrives within him "I wasn’t taught by Highlanders." 
King spoke in response "What do you know of the Highlanders?" 
He spoke "Their mind walkers who know what people are thinking and that they’ll attack when people least suspect it." 
King he heard "His talk is tall tale. No such thing as mind walkers. I order him to the brig now for this joke."
He spent some time in it and then Greenley freed him giving him a sword telling him "Invaders have attacked! The invaders are too numerous to fight! Their Highlanders judging by their fighting styles I have seen!"
Jinks followed Greenley outside to see the Knight get knocked down by figures he saw are exactly like the figures who found him naked in the forest. 
He felt his mind scanned thinks "I'm telling you, Highlanders not to scan me for I can sense it." 
Highlanders surround him which two from behind get him to drop his sword and one aimed it towards his heart only to be blocked by another Highlander grabbing arm head aimed in one direction. He looked to see the old woman is there too many feet away looking with an intense seriousness stare he saw her eyes were all black to his creepiness hitting him. He felt his mind stopped scanned as Highlanders walk away from him as woman comes forward shaking away the all black eyed look. He didn't comment as she took his arm and led him into the stable with daylight still shining through the doorway. 
They sit and he saw to his shock the woman’s eyes turn all black with a voice tone sounding cruel to him saying “Hello Lance.” 
He stiffened hearing that as the woman’s eyes turn normal Human like and then she speaks "Don't mind the eye change, a coldness feeling in the chest along with the voice tone from me. It’s the Master peering through eyes and speaking words through while people are aware of it." 
It dawned on him recalling getting what she’s describing. 
He heard her add "The Master is a crowned male ruler a King whose powers are very powerful. He can see things by peering into people along with speaking through them. I have recognized you as one of those people touched by the master. By the way the name is Jacinda." 
He stared at Jacinda who became silent eyes aimed at the doorway which he looks in time to see two Highlanders come walking in with swords drawn whose heads turn towards each other then look again at the both of them. 
He heard Jacinda speak still using the creepy voice tone “You know of the Master and his servants so beware he is more powerful than you think and his wrath giving punishment is legendary among us.” 
He frowned as Jacinda pauses with him watching the Highlanders who put away swords and one of them points to the both of them with a finger then gesture out of the stable by the finger pointing change to gesture towards the doorway. Jinks and Jacinda get up and walk out to see Highlanders scattered in the courtyard which he and old woman are escorted to the throne room where the King is kneeling on the ground looking angry eyes boring at the familiar female he recognized as Nadya's twin sitting in the throne chair with a familiar look in her eyes. He felt disgust take hold seeing her sitting on the throne looking like she's smirking as the King noticed his arrival started shouting words that didn't make any sense to him. Jinks didn't protest as Jacinda took his arm and quietly got him out of the throne room unstopped to the stable and into a horse's stall. 
He frowned as Jacinda spoke "Kindly get onto the horse now Lance. I know what I'm supposedly be doing for the Highlanders as their referred."
Jinks frowned but obeyed to find Jacinda getting onto the horse behind him. He didn't protest as she clung to him while he rode the horse out of the castle onto the moat and into the forest surrounding it unstopped. 
Jinks traveled on horseback through the forest with Jacinda behind him on the horse clinging to him as the moon began to shine overhead. 
He frowned wondering where they were going for she didn’t say much but told him "Just let the horse have its head and run as it wants to go now." 
Jinks and Jacinda kept on riding the horse through the forest passed a field that gave him a creepy feeling like he should have known something about it. He found the horse reached a forest of trees and halted once there’s howling sounds coming from there. He grimaced as he found Highlanders wearing crude leather like clothing come out of the bushes. He frowned as Jacinda got off the horse behind him giving the Highlanders an all black eyed glare. He didn't comment as the Highlanders gestured him off the horse into the bushes. Then bring them to a cave's entrance and go inside cave. Jinks and Jacinda take several passageways guided by a Highlander till they reach a bit room with firelight lightening it. He sees a female Highlander sitting in a throne chair with a round circular scar on her forehead. 
Jacinda was heard speaking "There's a First One female calling herself Orria leading a group of Highlanders. I think that the Highlanders should band together and should be led by Highlander and not this Orria in question."
He heard a female voice spoken in his mind telling him "Tell Jacinda that we must discuss this among ourselves. We request that one of them will bring you and companion to a room to get some rest from the journey." 
Jinks repeated the words which Jacinda nodded her head and he and her are led from the room to a cave passageway to another cave where there is straw on the floor in heavy piles and gestured by the Highlander guide to sleep on it. Jinks went to it to allow himself to fall asleep on it passing out and waked by Jacinda who points to the female Highlander standing at the doorway.
The female speaks to him mentally with him speaking the words out loud to Jacinda "We have all agreed to travel with you to this castle place. Just to confront this Orria and the Highlanders there on getting them to accept a Highlander as their leader. We will be joined by another whose appearance is unlike anything we have seen before and his name is Aiden." 
Jinks found them both gestured to leave the room which they are led out of the room to the horse. Jinks held the horse as Jacinda got onto it and he walks escorting the horse hands on the halter out of the cave escorted by a group of Highlanders and the female with the scar on her forehead. They travel out of the forest and hear a howling sound which bushes rumble showing a figure Jinks recognizes as a Drainer.
Drainer speaks "The name's Aiden." while pointing a finger towards his chest which Jinks nodded his head towards him. 
Jinks and group travel for the rest of the day till sun is low on the sky to reach the castle. At the castle they get in noticed by people who don’t stop them which the armored Highlanders don’t act hostile towards them. Jinks and female Highlander with Aiden go to throne room where Orria is there. Jinks heard to his shock the female Highlander and Orria’s mental conversation in his mind. 
Female Highlander heard speaking "I'm accusing you of being with child!" 
Orria is heard speaking "I'm denying this joke you're blaring about mind walker!" 
Aiden heard interrupting giving off a loud roar and speaking loudly "I'll settle the argument by drainer sucking on Orria and prove this talk on her carrying!"
He found Aiden darting up towards Orria to lift her up from the chair with hands on her arms followed by getting her into a lock hold from behind. He stiffened as Aiden bit Orria on the neck and appeared to be sucking her blood to his shock.
Aiden licked the neck and then verbally speaking "She is carrying twins from what I could detect from drinking from her." 
Orria speaks "I deny this talk!"
Jinks heard Jacinda ask verbally "When's your last bloody cursing moon and have they come or not?" 
Orria he saw has a wide eyed shocked expression on her face which he recognized that she realizes that Aiden wasn’t kidding on what he said. 
Highlanders leave castle ignoring everyone around him and Jacinda. He found King George back into the throne room giving Orria a glare of accusation despite she looking nervous. He found Orria slips from the chair to sit down on the floor while leaning against it and having a hand on her abdomen with a fearful expression on her face.
King George he heard "I'm announcing that Orria is expecting my offsprings."
Jinks heard an edge in the king’s voice that says that he’s not telling the whole story. 
Jinks found himself staying at the castle for an uncounted number of times stuck babysitting Orria like she's his offspring she clingy onto him and refusing to leave him alone. Orria’s pregnancy he noticed started showing which she is carrying twins. 
He noticed that her movements are restricted by the King’s guards who treat her rudely despite ignoring him stuck as the escort. 
Jinks didn’t say a word in Orria's defense he compelled to keep his mouth shut as Orria wound up laid into bed. He found himself freed from her ironclad grip to see her groaning while lying in bed. 
Jinks figured to himself "She's in labor about to birth the babies."
He went to find Jacinda finding her in the throne room ignoring his tapping onto her shoulder she appearing to be focused onto the king. Jinks sighed and focused onto the King talking a male with a big size with long black hair and a scar on his face making his senses blare warning abruptly. He noticed the male is wearing armored Highlanders' armor he noticed is a Human and not a Highlander to his confusion. 
Jinks focused onto the Human wearing Highlander's armor to find the King loudly speaking "Spies tell me that a neighbor king referred as Montreal." 
Jinks wound up a little weird out hearing the name of Montreal as the King keeps speaking "Has an army marching towards the castle at the moment. I'm going to have an army meet the king to see what he wants to avoid bloodshed happening to the castle." 
Jinks frowned as the King noticed him while speaking loudly "Lance, come here now."
He obeyed to find the King whispering towards him in a soft tone "Spies tell me that Montreal recently became king and appears to be your twin brother judging by facial appearance. I'm going to tell Montreal about yourself just to avoid bloodshed." 
Jinks didn’t say a word figures "Montreal is Lance Richard himself. I wonder what Lance Richard himself is up to."
He heard nothing in answer to his question as Jacinda came by and whispered to King George "Orria is seemingly indicating she's in labor with the babies. So go to her before leaving now."
Jinks found the King obeying to find himself compelled to come along which he went to Orria's room to find her taking off a necklace chain with a crystal pendant again setting off his creepy feeling, she handing it towards King George. 
He frowned as Orria spoke in a pleading tone "Just wear this in good luck while you're out of the castle."
Jacinda came by while insisting "Orria shouldn't be awaken in bed resting for the offsprings so leave you too Lance." 
Jinks obeyed finding King George going out of the castle he forced to remain in the throne room waiting seemingly lengthy by compulsion hitting him to his annoyance.
He found himself not the only one keeping vigil with the remaining castle people for the King and army to come by the remainder of the day. He stiffened as he heard a baby cry followed by another baby's cry. 
Jinks figured to himself "It's just my offsprings telling me that Orria has given birth to my children."
He at sunset felt a compulsion to walk outside by the stable and is compelled to go inside by a voice calling his name he is unsure of hearing it mentally or by ear which he does. The voice sounds familiar to him like he heard it before but is confused. Once inside the stable, a hand touched his forehead he saw belonging to a hooded figure compelled him to take a horse and leave the castle. Jinks obeyed despite the hand felt familiar to him like he knew where the hand's owner from somewhere. He wound up traveling till the sun is high in the sky to the familiar field. Then saw the familiar flying ship again blocking out the sun overhead, which he heard an electronic roar, finding his horse destroyed leaving bones while crumbling to the ground. Jinks felt pain hitting his chest as he heard a male voice sounding familiar screaming out in terror, he assumed was the sound and passed out unconscious. 

Part Three: Body of Life

Jinks saw light focused onto it while feeling clothes on him including a heaviness hitting and saw with his eyes focusing was a long glass window above him. He frowned staring at the window that seemed long in length and appeared to be a coffin while seeing fluorescent lights high above him in the ceiling. He looked around through the coffin window to see the room looked familiar as he glimpsed a familiar sword object in his hand in view.
He figured "I'm in Roosevelt’s room as the mystery man in the coffin." 
He raised his hands while feeling pain to see a sword held in his right hand which he using strength pushed the coffin's lid to its side which fell off the coffin with a crash. He forced himself to sit up while feeling himself having pain all over him and his limbs he felt were really stiff like they hadn’t been moved in a long time. He swung his legs off the bed onto the side and forced himself to stand only to drop to the floor into a kneeling position. He felt pain all over as he kneeled from feeling weak in the knees. Jinks grabbed his right hand with his left hand and uncurled the sword off it dropping it to the floor. He grimaced from his right hand screaming in pain from being uncurled. He felt on his head was a round circular object that his senses told him was a crown. He reached with his hands and forced the crown off his head groaning of pain with his teeth bared. He heard loud gasping sounds on his right looked to see Janel and Roosevelt with shocked expressions on their faces standing in the room’s doorway with two Human men in military garb he assumed were the green police outfits, having confused expressions on their faces. 
He stared at Roosevelt who spoke “Lance Richard?”
Jinks frowned hearing the name spoken spoke “No, it’s Jinks Montreal.” 
He saw the couple’s expressions remained the same till Janel shook her head and then saw her expression change to seriousness. 
He grimaced as she spoke “Help up Jinks and haul him to the Guest room now.” 
Jinks groaned as the two men came forwards walking towards him grabbing him on the arms. He grimaced from their touch as pain hit him and felt pain as he was forced up in a standing position and forced to walk with his feet moving jerkily. He shut his eyes breathing hard through his mouth grimacing from the pain of his feet moving. He felt stairs then felt an elevator going up then felt himself gently lowered onto something soft to his back that felt like a bed and his head on a pillow. He felt sleepiness hit him allowed it to overtake him passing out unconscious. 
Jinks woke up with less pain but still hurting to feel himself out of his clothes wearing something that felt richly in material which was a long sleeve top that seemed button up and pants while sensing that they were pajamas. He felt something sticking in his lower right arm feeling a tube touching his skin from the thing in his arm going out of his sleeve. He felt a cold rough hand grip his right hand with a gentle grip and felt a headache which his senses told him was a Highlander scanning his mind. He heard voices talking with words not understandable as he felt himself sleepy surrendered to it passing out unconscious. 
Jinks woke up with less pain but feeling himself stiff along with the tube thing in his arm gone. He opened his eyes and smelled food making his stomach rumble of hunger along with his mouth watering. He felt himself in a sitting position leaning against the pillow like padded head board with a pillow on his back. He saw standing at the foot of the bed was Roosevelt appearing to be whispering to a male Highlander wearing medical scrubs as Janel appeared in his view carrying a tray which she sat on his lap. He eyed the tray to see it had a bowl with thick liquid in it and a cup appearing to have identical like liquid in it. He felt his mouth watering eyed the bowl as Janel spoon fed him the contents he sensed was thick soup and felt himself getting better from the food getting into him. He once done with the bowl was given the cup by Janel bringing it to his lips which he drank slowly feeling it a watery version of the soup. Once done Janel he eyed took the tray off his lap and then went to the elevator going out of sight. He eyed Roosevelt and the Highlander that were still having their whispered conversation. He felt himself tired shut his eyes and passed out unconscious. 
Jinks came to find himself still in a sitting position to feel a hand feeling masculine holding his right hand and there was pressure on the bed like someone was sitting next to him. Jinks lazily opened his eyes to see his father Burke Richardson with a worried expression on his face staring at him. 
He croaked out “Father.” 
He stared at his father who spoke “Jinks.” 
He spotted standing at the foot of the bed was Roosevelt with arms folded and a concerned look on his face and next to him was the familiar Highlander staring at him with a blank expression. 
His father spoke “Jinks, what happened to you? From what the doctor could tell from mind scanning you that you were attacked by people in the city put unconscious and woke up to live some ancient Shadan legendary medieval life with people and Highlanders present in it.” 
He frowned as his father paused then continued “The doctor mentioned that you went around as an ancestor of the Shadan family named Lance Richard. Along with contacted by a group of mind walkers he identifies as the High Council who gave you a mission to get the Highlanders led by one of their own which you achieved. Followed by you traveling on land alone by horse back and met by the High Council again who knocked you out and you woke up in the coffin.”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and then inhaled air. 
He spoke as memories of his father’s words flashed in his mind, despite a creepy feeling hitting him “I guess you sort of said it all.” 
Jinks heard “You might want to tell him.”
He frowned in confusion running through him as his father gave off a loud sigh and spoke “Jinks, you were gone for a full year declared dead after six months.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing his father’s words as Burke continued speaking “I got a bad feeling that you were missing by not hearing from you in a week's time which is seven suns or days. I went to check your apartment and found it hadn’t been used for those days. 
Roosevelt here contacted me asking for you while mentioning that you were my son which he claimed he found out by a blood test. 
Anyway after a month of putting him off, Roosevelt contacted me asking for you whom I said that you were missing and couldn’t find you. 
Roosevelt asked me to his building where he showed me the man in the coffin which I identified as disappeared ancestor of my Shadan family, Lance Richard according to family legend. The family legend detailed that Lance lived in Shadan before the transfer as a magic man who did healing arts along with some kind of work involving working with the Highlanders. 
He managed to father two children twins through a woman who was a mistress of a High Lord. The High Lord took the mistress and her children as his but passed along the knowledge of Lance being the father as a family secret. 
Lance according to legend was last seen traveling by horseback into the area where Roosevelt’s father according to Roosevelt himself found the body.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as he felt himself tired abruptly yawned hard as his senses blared warning abruptly. 
His father paused from talking to pat his hand and the spoke “You should be getting some rest and some sleep so do that ok?” 
He obeyed shutting his eyes falling asleep. He woke up with pain gone from his form along with the stiffness. His eyes fell on Janel sitting in a chair next to his bed holding a child in her arms which he figured it was his son. He watched as Janel got up walking away from the bed to put the child in a crib then walked back to his bed to sit next to him holding his hand. 
He felt an urge to mate hit him spoke “Janel I need to hit the bathroom and could use your help getting there.” 
He stared at Janel with a pleading look who spoke “Oh alright I’ll help, Jinks.” 
Jinks smiled inwardly as Janel helped him up from the bed. He felt some strength to walk but leaned on Janel who led him to a doorway and inside he saw a bathroom complete with a toilet, a vanity sink and a shower tub combination. 
Jinks, once inside twisted his form pushing Janel’s back onto the wall and kissed her on the lips while feeling his urge to mate hit harder. He felt her kissing him back as he dropped his pants then lifted her skirt up tearing part of her underwear then lifted her up to wrap her legs around him. He entered her while feeling charges of pleasure from being inside her each time he thrust. Jinks felt himself spilling inside Janel as he gasped from the intense feeling of pleasure hitting him. He felt the urge to mate still hitting him again thrust inside Janel with his hands on her hips as she moaned out a gasps of pleasure with her head up. He kissed her neck each time he thrust inside her and with a jerk spilled himself inside her and felt again an intense charge of pleasure hitting him. 
He felt his mating urge gone from him kept himself inside Janel to rub his cheek on her cheek while hearing her moans some sound of pleasure. Jinks kissed Janel’s cheek and pulled out of her moving down her skirt then underneath her watchful eye stripped himself of his pajamas then entered the tub shower combination to turn on the water. 
He showered using hot water at toleration levels and cleaned himself thoroughly finding his body was more muscular to the feel and seemed better health to him. Once done he came out of the shower to find a towel hanging on a rack which he dried himself of it then spot on the vanity were folded clothing with dressy like shoes on the floor. He went to the clothes to see that they were all in the color black which were pants, and a long sleeve top and a business suit like jacket along with socks which he placed on his form. He felt a comb in the jacket pocket used it to comb his hair that was now appearing to be between brown and black underneath the lights then went out of the bathroom to find Janel sitting at a table with dishware of food in front of her. He felt himself hungry went to the table and ate ravenously. 
Once done he sat back staring at Janel who spoke “Jinks, I sold the loft apartment five months after you disappeared due to pressure from people wanting the apartment which Roo told me to sell it anyway. I’m sorry I can’t get it back for you.”
He nodded his head with a frown on his face as his familiar sense again blared. Janel, he saw held up her left hand showing on her ring finger besides a band of gold was a diamond ring he recognized as his. 
He stared at her as she spoke “The diamond ring is yours which I got mysteriously in the mail a month after you were declared dead with a typed letter issuing me to wear it. I’m willing to give it back to you if you like.”
Jinks shook his head no sensing his senses didn't blare again and spoke “No you can keep it. I prefer the ring to be worn on your finger than elsewhere.” 
He saw Janel nod her head and watched her get up going to the crib and picked up the child which she stood holding him facing his direction. He got up and went to Janel to look at his son that had his blue eyes but her skin coloring. 
He sighed as she spoke “Roo and I have decided to name the baby Lance Richard Knight.”
Jinks nodded his head in agreement as she spoke “Come along Jinks.” 
He wordlessly followed her to the elevator that went down by her pressing the button labeled “Lobby.”
He frowned as the elevator stopped and he followed Janel out who led him to his father sitting in an armchair who appeared to have concern on his face. 
He stared at his father who spoke “I have something in mind for you but want to discuss it in private in the car. So come along.”
He followed his father to outside to a limo where he got inside slamming the car door shut behind him then looked at Burke with a questioningly look on his face. 
His father spoke “I should tell you that I bought your mother’s apartment in Wethersfield, Connecticut with a middle man when she was selling it. I have left everything the same inside including upgrading some items in the apartment thinking of using it as a sanctuary retreat when trying to get away from life in New York City. I also had some of your mother’s things and yours brought to my home in New Jersey after she passed away.” 
He felt shocked hearing that as his father paused then continued to speak “The apartment is for you to do what you want to live in while in Wethersfield which is what the car is going to with some things for you in a suitcase in the trunk.”
He frowned as his father tossed him some keys on a keychain which he caught putting it in his pocket.
Jinks spoke blurting to his shock “Why was I given the nickname Jinks?”
He stared at his father who spoke “You were very active when your mother carried you inside her. You proved to have this active streak once out of her by moving around a lot getting into things and receiving injuries from that. I wound up nicknaming you Jinks spelled with an X because of those klutzy moments. Your mother kept Jinks as your legal name but spelled the way it is now with the last name Montreal to keep others from being influenced by my name. My name I should tell you has influence in the government along with influence among people who are very rich and powerful enough to use their money to influence people.”
He heard the driver speak "We’re almost there at the location soon so get ready to get out for I can’t park.”
He frowned as his father spoke “I’m not going to Connecticut with you due to my business obligations which require me to stay in New York City which I apologize for that.” 
Jinks spoke “I’m fine with that.” 
The limo he felt stopped and he watched as his father got out of the limo slamming the car door behind him. He saw as his father appeared to have a bout of fear via what he saw out the window as he peered to see Roosevelt arrive just as the limo went around the corner out of sight. He leaned back in the seat and watched the scenery with confusion running through him at the scene he saw- 

Jinks was interrupted "Oh spare me that talk on how fearful followers were towards me."
He ignored the voice sounding in his mind to continue on speaking his story out loud.

Jinks stood in his apartment hearing the doorbell going off. He went to the door and yanked it open to stare at a male Highlander wearing a business suit. He stared at the Highlander with a questioning look on his face. 
The Highlander spoke “The name’s Augusto McBroom of the lawyer group McBroom and Associates. Mind if I come in? I have something I like to share with you in private please.” 
Jinks unlocked the screen door and held it open gesturing to Augusto to enter the apartment with a hand. He shut the screen door behind the lawyer and closed the front door and went to the living room to stand staring at Augusto with a frown on his face. He folded his arms as the lawyer placed a briefcase on top of the couch dresser and opened it riffling through it to pull out two papers. He watched as Augusto handed him one paper he saw was a picture of a female Highlander. 
He heard Augusto speak “Do you know this Highlander?”
Jinks frowned as a memory of himself mating with a female Highlander flashed in his mind some time ago and stiffened realizing the picture was of her.
He spoke “I know her some time ago when she came to my apartment in Winsted asking for sex. I submitted willingly and she left about one thousand dollars in cash in an envelope once done with the mating.” 
He frowned as he handed the picture back to Augusto who handed him the other picture which he saw was of the same female Highlander but she was holding a young baby child in her arms its face facing the camera which he saw had his face with black Human like eyes but had Highlander Asian facial features on the face with a mop of black hair and round ears of a Human. His senses blared a warning as he dropped the picture and spun around grabbing the lawyer’s right wrist which he saw had a syringe in his hand. He threw his left fist into Augusto’s face hard several times knocking out the lawyer then with a hand hauled the Highlander and briefcase out of his apartment onto the sidewalk. He felt a stinging pain in his shoulder as he sensed movement to look up seeing too many foot away were two Highlanders wearing familiar masked wear clothing as the ones who knocked him out via bats, holding guns in their hands aimed at him. He stumbled towards his apartment only to feel a stinging pain in his back followed by sleepiness that over took him knocking him out. 
Jinks dreamed of himself on a grassy cliff overlooking the ocean and saw a male appeared looking like Lance Richard appeared in front of him with annoyance on his face. 
He stared at Lance he assumed who he was spoke “I have no choice but to do it.”
Jinks felt confused with Lance’s words and felt himself compelled to kneel as the male's form turned into an energy ball of lightening that flew into his chest and then everything went black. 
Jinks woke up opening his eyes to find himself lying on a bed with pain in his head and chest that made him arch his back fisting his hands and he shut his eyes growling loudly. He heard the sound of thunder rumbling outside as the pain ran through him while breathing deeply through his mouth that seemed lengthy with its paining onto him. He felt the pain stop running through him to his relief after multiple back arching. It made him relax his form and hands to sit up opening his eyes and gulping air through his mouth. 
He frowned as his eyes sight showed everything in the room in the color of green clear as daylight that changed to show each object’s colors as lightening flashed from outside the windows. 
He looked around the room and heard a meow sounding like annoyance to him as if knowing what it meant. He looked down at the bed to see sitting on its tummy was a cat with all white fur and a brown diamond fur shape on its head on the bed. He stared at the cat that had some angry expression in its eyes aimed at him. 
He felt himself wearing some hospital gown and looked around the room seeing it made him think it was a hotel room despite the medical bed and felt a hint of a tipping feeling that told him he was on a water ship. He eyed the windows and felt compelled to go to them which he got up from the bed and walked towards them yanking off his gown. He walked in the buff to the windows putting hands on the window glass staring at the maelstrom of water whipping outside. He stared at the storm of water with fascination running through him like in a trance. 
He felt charges of electrical currents running through him from his hands on the windows that gave him pleasure. Jinks rolled his eyes gasping of pleasure loudly from the feeling running through him as he felt himself spilling from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him. He felt himself spent lowered leaned his head against the window glass shutting his eyes as the storm outside still raged with the pleasure feeling going away. 
Jinks sigh as he opened his eyes and stepped back from the window lowering his hands and saw a doorway on his left which he went to it. He walked inside to see it was a bathroom with a tub shower combination which he went to. He inside turned on the water to heat toleration levels feeling himself pleasant from the water running over him which he raised his face towards the spray shutting his eyes. He sighed loudly and lowered his face opening his eyes to look around the stall spotting soap and shampoo dispensers which he cleaned himself thoroughly. Once done he climbed out of the tub and grabbed the towel holding it up while feeling the water dripping from his skin. He sighed again and towel dried himself dry and spotted a mirror above the sink. 
He went to it to stare at himself as he heard a roaring noise from his mind and saw his eyes change which he smiled a satisfied smile realizing what it was what he called the Master roaring its noises within him. He willed the Master away from him and saw his eyes change back to normal and left the bathroom going to his hospital gown putting it on his form. He eyed the cat sitting on the bed on its tummy that looked at him with an unblinking eyed expression that made him think it was annoyance. Jinks went to the bed and laid his form on it eyes staring at the ceiling. He felt the cat move walking on his legs to his chest which he eyed seeing it sit on his chest tummy sitting and frowned as the gonoid gave off a rumbling vibration that lulled him to sleep. 
Jinks dreamed of the grassy cliff again to find himself wearing black clothing that was twin to Lance's from the feel and looks of it. He saw Lance standing in front of him eyes all black staring at him creeping him out. He stared at Lance who raised a bare hand towards him and saw a Human like hand grab Lance’s wrist in a flash of lightening. He saw three figures appear with male forms surrounding Lance. One he saw holding Lance’s wrist was in all white clothing with white long hair with all white eyes with a second figure with all red eyes in a red hooded robe having a hand on Lance’s right shoulder and saw a third figure in blue with blue hair and a crown on his head and all blue eyes having a hand on Lance’s left shoulder. 
Jinks eyed Lance who had annoyance on his face as the three figures forced the man to kneel before putting hands on his head which he saw Lance jerk his head up rolling his eyes while gasping sounds that sounded like pleasure to him. He frowned as Lance’s form disappeared into a ball of lightening which split into four parts three going into the men and the fourth going into the sky disappearing out of sight. 
He watched the three men walk towards him with blank expressions on their faces as they placed hands on his chest as he jerked his head up rolling his eyes from charges of pleasure hitting him. Jinks sighed and shut his eyes as if compelled. 
He came to find himself alone on the grassy cliff gasping of shock running through him. He eyed the ocean as the sight went black and he woke up in bed still wearing his hospital gown and felt a rumbling vibration on his leg while feeling pressure on it. He sat up to see daylight shining through the windows and felt soreness all over him along with a stinging pain in his lower back. He raised his left arm to stare at his arm seeing small needle like holes in it that appear to be healing which confused him. He turned his attention to the cat that arched its back before sitting up on its haunches to yowl loud meowing like cry sounds before becoming silent. 
He heard the sound of a door opening looked on his left to see a male with a blank expression on his tan skin and having short black hair framing it with a white streak in the hair while wearing medical scrubs come into the room pushing a cart. Jinks frowned staring at the male who stopped the cart next to the bed and reached behind him whom he sensed was manipulating part of the bed for him to sit leaning back. He again watched the medic, he assumed was the male, who reached to the cart pulling out a tray loaded with dishes and he smelled the food that made his mouth water. The medic he watched placed the tray on his lap. Jinks attacked the food and drink eating ravenously till once done the medic took the tray off of his lap putting back into the cart. He opened his mouth to talk but saw the medic put a finger to his lips shaking his head. He frowned as the medic left the room pushing the cart and closing the door behind him. 
Jinks leaned back against the bed eyes staring at the cat that walk to his stomach to tummy sit on him eyes unblinking staring at him. He saw the expression in the cat’s eyes remained the same that appeared to be annoyance in them as the gonoid gave off rumbling vibrations. He frowned wondering what happened to him as the cat’s rumbling vibrations made him sleepy and he shut his eyes passing out unconscious.
Jinks came to hear the sound of a shrilling phone ringing jerked his eyes open to discover himself wearing his familiar clothes while back in his bed in his Wethersfield apartment and the phone on the bed stand was still ringing. 
He reached over toward the phone and placed it in his ear speaking “Hello?” 
He stiffened at the weariness in his voice as he heard speaking “Jinks, I’ve been wondering when I’ll reach you.” 
He sighed as he recognized his father paused then continued to speak “I just wanted to congrats you on the adoption of Demeter. I didn’t know that you were interested in taking care of a cat.” 
Jinks bolted to sit up with wide eyes as confusion ran through him as his father continued speaking “I’m told that you went to the Humane Society in Newington and brought home a female cat given the name of Demeter which I hear you told them that you were keeping the name. Interesting name for its some goddess name I think it is.” 
He stared at the wall with a wide eyed look and looked around his bedroom that was his mother’s bedroom to see nothing out of place or nothing new.
Jinks frowned as he heard his father speak “Jinks?” 
He spoke hiding confusion in his voice “I guess I was too lonely and wanted companionship.” 
He paused as his father spoke “Well congrats, Jinks. I have to go so I’ll call you again when it’s possible.” 
He placed a hand on his forehead as his father hung up and he put the phone back on its cradle and lied down with an arm covering his eyes groaning loudly. Jinks felt vibration on the bed like something small was walking on it toward him on his right side and removed his arm to raise his head to see the familiar cat from the ship walking towards him. 
He eyed the cat that pause from movement with a surprised look in her eyes and then watched her sat on her haunches to narrow her eyes with an expression that he thought said “What do you expect?” 
He groaned loudly to sit up on the bed as the cat started licking her paw and bringing it to her head rubbing it over her ear repeatedly. 
He spoke out loud “I don’t suppose you came with instructions such as a book?” 
He stared at the cat he assumed called Demeter who looked at him with annoyance then watched her continued to do the paw licking and head rubbing with the paw repeatedly. 
He got up shaking his head groaning loudly to himself “Who’s idea was it to have me have a cat anyway?” 
Jinks heard a meow with a tone that sounded annoyed which he sighed loudly and left the bedroom going down the stairs to see on the stand next to the basement door three books piled up on it that looked like their new and out of place. He went to the books and looked seeing that their all on cat care and spied peeking out of one book is an envelope which he yanked out to see inside is a typed note with several pages from Augusto McBroom the Highlander lawyer according to the letter head. 
The letter Jinks read "Since you want companionship I, lawyer has recommended a cat for you to adopt and take care of instead of having one night stands with ladies Humans and Highlanders alike getting them with child. Gets the ladies embarrassed from their families nagging them on their expectant status and having a child." 
Jinks sighed as the letter continued "You were brought to a hospital that specialized on non Humans from a Highlander female getting expectant with your child which is anatomically impossible between Humans and Highlanders. You were tested and the results show that you are some sort of Hybrid Human." 
He frowned reading that as the letter continued to say "The Hybrid Human is actually more than one species in one body. The results show you is a partially match to three species identified which is a species dubbed Zeskaya, Human and Highlander while having no mind walking ability. You have an ability in your mind that keeps Highlanders from scanning your mind without them touching you skin to skin along with detecting them scanning you." 
Jinks sighed but continued reading as the letter continued to say "The Highlander part was discovered in you which proved how a female Highlander wound up carrying your child." 
He frowned as the letter ended with the comment "I'm requesting you to contact the lawyer group McBroom and Associates for any additional questions."
This was followed by the lawyer’s signature of Augusto McBroom. 
He sighed and placed the letter back in the envelope and carried the envelope to the couch dresser stand to open a drawer and stuffed it inside shutting it closed. He heard a meow followed by a small body rubbing against his legs which he looked down at Demeter who looked at him with a look in her eyes. He sighed and went to the kitchen to pause seeing on the floor on a mat was three metal bowls one filled with water and two empty. 
He looked at the cupboards to see one had taped to it a handwritten sign “Cat Food.” 
Jinks yanked open the cupboard doors to see rows of small cat food cans along with a bag of cat food labeled on it. Sighing he grabbed a can and opened it and then grabbed a spoon from another drawer. He proceeded to scoop out cat food into the bowl with the spoon then stepped back to stare at Demeter appearing to sniff the food with her nose. He went to the recycle box in a closet and dropped the can in it and dumped the spoon in the dishwasher. He went back to the cupboard and yanked out the bag opening it to peer inside which he saw was small dry balls of food that smelled weird to him. He sighed and poured a generous amount of dry food into one of the bowls on the floor and then placed the dry food back into the cupboard. He stared at Demeter who after a lengthy sniff with her nose began eating the canned food in the bowl which he watch her leave no more bites left before going to the dry food to munch on. 
He folded his arms and with a sigh left the kitchen to the stand next to the basement door to grab the books which he carried to the couch to sit and opened one of the books beginning to read it. 
Jinks read the three books till his stomach growled of hunger which he set the books aside on the dresser stand next to the couch and he got up walking to the kitchen. He went to the refrigerator and sighed seeing that there wasn’t much food in it. He grabbed an apple and munched on it putting hands on his pockets feeling for his keys and wallet which he felt was in separate pockets. He munching on the apple left the apartment walking down the street to the grocery store he saw looked like it had expanded into a major grocery store chain including overtaking the former karate studio that was there. He tossed the apple core into the trash can nearby the entrance and went inside to buy groceries. 
He found himself balking to let a male with a Highlander look by his eyes and Human looking ears cut in line in front of him who gave him a glare. He glared at the male while willing forwards the Master and growled an annoyed sound in a creepy voice tone. He found the male backing up with nervousness seen and going to another line to cut in front of people who ignored him. Jinks willed aside the Master and went to purchase his groceries. 
Jinks walked out carrying four cloth bags full of food by the bags’ cloth handles. He crossed the street to hear a car back fire sound and looked to see a police car parked in the street with an officer in it looking annoyed who glared at him with narrowed eyed look. He shook his head and continued walking while hearing a loud car door slam sound he ignored and kept on walking. He felt himself pushed forwards a bit by hands touching his back which he caught his step and spun around dropping the cloth bags onto the sidewalks. He saw the police officer that was in the car who had an angry look on his face. 
He stared at the officer with a questioningly look on his face who’s name tag read “Murphy.”
Murphy spoke in an angry voice “I’m not amused by your attitude towards our boss.” 
He recalled the male he balked cutting in line to figure he was the police chief. 
He frowned inwardly as Murphy continued speaking “You’ll pay for your attitude.” 
He shrugged and raised a hand mentally speaking “Sleep.” 
He lowered his hand as Murphy blinked his eyes and slowed his words loudly “I’ll....take...care...of....you...smarty.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Murphy rolled his eyes and fell on his knees before falling towards the sidewalk unconscious. 
He shook his head with disgust on his face and picked up his bags by the handles and continued walking towards the apartment complex which he reached and went to his condo entering it after unlocking the door. He locked the screen door behind him and the metal door with deadbolts and chain locks. 
He sighed and went to the kitchen to put away his groceries which he spotted Demeter on the kitchen table looking curious by her eyes showing it while appearing to be sniffing the air with her nose judging by her head motions. He put away the groceries and reached towards Demeter with a hand that brought her head towards his hand and he rubbed her head with a gentle rub who purred loudly a happy look in her eyes. He rubbed his hand on Demeter’s back near her tail end and sighed feeling her arch underneath his hand followed by her tail sticking up in the air. Jinks found Demeter jumping off the table and darting into the living room. He followed her to find her going underneath the armchair he peered to find the cat curled up into a sleeping position. 
Jinks sighed and went to the couch to resume reading the books on cat care. He studied them the best he could including reading the books over and over while turning on the lamp from the dim light. 
Jinks heard the doorbell ringing frowned seeing darkness out the windows went to the door raising a hand shutting his eyes. He mentally saw an overhead view of a box unsure of its size sitting on the porch. Frowning he opened his eyes and lowered his hand. He went to the door yanking it open and opened the screen door to see the box which had movement in it. He stared at the box with a frown and heard laughter sounding like kids looked up in time to be hit with shattered balloons spraying liquid all over him. He grabbed the box and darted inside locking both doors. Jinks examined the box opening it to see it held a large truck toy with an antenna at an end. He stared at the toy with confusion running through him and raised it up to peer on its bottom. 
He saw scrawled on it in marker like pen was the word “Kawai.”
He placed the truck on the table stand then darted upstairs to his bathroom which he turned on the light and blinked his eyes from the glare. He adjusted his eyes to go to the mirror above the sink and peered through it. He saw the balloon’s liquid was colorful dye judging by the splotches of color on him where the balloons hit him. Groaning of disgust he yanked off his clothes and dumped them in the hall floor and then went to shower. He saw underneath the water the dye being washed off and cleaned himself thoroughly. He came out of the shower to dry himself then grabbed his sweatpants off the hook behind the bathroom door and placed it on his form. He went out of the bathroom to the hallway to grab his clothes holding the dry ends with his hand and holding it arms length in front of him. He carried it to the basement to the laundry machine putting the clothes inside. 
Jinks went to the middle of the basement and did some limber stretches exercising while feeling his body protesting in pain and figured it was from not being limbered up for some time. He did his karate finding his movements klutzy and feeling like they haven’t been practiced in a long time. 
He went to the punching bag in the corner and punched it as if acting out a hunch. He saw that the punching bag wasn’t moving much like it did whenever he punched it when he lived in the apartment with his mother. He frowned as his hands screamed in protest from hitting the punching bag. Groaning he sighed to cease punching and frowned staring at his hands. 
He spoke out loud “What really happened to me?”
Jinks heard silence as his answer frowned as he felt himself tired yawned hard and rubbed a hand on his forehead. He jogged upstairs slamming the basement door and went up another set of stairs to his bedroom leaving the door open. He eyed his bed with relief on his face and fell face forwards on it shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 
Jinks heard the sound of the alarm blaring him awake at an early morning hour.
He recalled himself going to the high school asking for work as an interpreter for deaf students after he finding himself bored and not much to do in town. 
Jinks recalled given the job to interpret a student that had a look of a hybrid Highlander Human look he learned was named Cassidy Holmes. 
He discovered that Cassidy was hearing but had no voice ability hence he hired to speak for her when she signed her words. 
He sighed groaning loudly from the early hour of the morning. Jinks forced his eyes open to glare at the clock which he saw blared six o'clock in the morning. He reached with a hand and shut the alarm off then got up from the bed to a corner of the room to do his limber stretches doing it slowly while feeling his body still giving off a feeble protest to the exercise. Sighing he got up and went to the dresser pulling out clothes, jeans, a button top of long sleeve shirt in white, a black vest and socks which he put on his form exchanging his sweatpants. He grabbed his sneakers putting them on and walked out of the bedroom going to the bathroom to fix his hair which he brushed in a neat style pulled into a tail before going downstairs to the kitchen. He stared at the cat’s food bowls and figured it was best to feed her. He pulled out a can of cat food and spooned it into the cat food bowl and heard a meow sounding excited coming from the living room. 
He saw Demeter dart into the kitchen heading towards the food bowl and watched her eat the food which he eyed the dry food bowl seeing it was still filled with food. He looked at her water bowl seeing it was low and pulled out a cup from the cupboard putting it underneath the water. He filled it with water and bent down to pour its contents into the cat’s water bowl seeing it fill it up nearly to the brim. Jinks put the cup away in the dishwasher and began pulling out food for breakfast. He sat at the kitchen table eating his breakfast of cereal and milk to drink. 
Jinks watched Demeter out of the corners of his eyes her eating the food and her walking out of the kitchen. He once done with the food and drink placed the dishes into the dishwasher and then grabbed some food for a lunch which he made and stuffed into a paper bag. He went to the hallway closet to take out a duffle bag bringing it to the living room. He stuffed his lunch inside along with his wallet and the three books on cat care feeling like needing to study their contents till he knew them by heart. 
He eyed the clock on the TV screen seeing that he had thirty minutes to walk to the High School for an interpreting job for a student. He went out the door locking it. He stuffed the keys into the duffle bag and continued walking. 
Jinks felt relieved to be home from interpreting at the high school he feeling not satisfied from the job. He kept on getting glares from the students and staff when he went to interpret for Cassidy. Jinks also kept on getting a glare from Cassidy like he was saying the wrong thing instead of what she was signing in response to her answering the question. 
He heard the doorbell ring peered through with his mental powers to see a man looking bald wearing a white t-shirt and a leather vest with black pants and boots and besides him was a young boy having a mop of brown hair wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt and jeans with sneakers on his feet. Jinks went to the door and yanked it open to stare at the males the young boy he saw appeared to be middle school aged. 
He frowned as the boy spoke “That’s him.”
Jinks stared at the boy as the adult male spoke “The name is Jerry Birdie and this is my son Jeffery. We live in apartment number ten.”
Jinks frowned as Jerry paused which he quickly spoke “The name’s Jinks Montreal. Something I can do for you?”
Jerry he saw had a glare on his face spoke “My son told me that you stole his remote control truck which has the word ‘Kawai’ on the bottom as retaliation against him and his friends for water balloon you the previous night.” 
Jinks felt his senses blare an alarm hearing that went to the truck toy sitting on the table next to the basement door and went to the entrance. He unlocked the screen door and handed Jeffery the truck then slammed both doors shut locking them. 
He peered through the peephole to see Jerry wave a fist with an angry look on his face then whack Jeffery on the back of the head that look angry at his father. He watched them leave going out of sight. 
Jinks stomped into the basement feeling his mood bad as usual. He ignored the urge to turn on the lights and went to use night vision to do karate he doing his movements klutzy like to his annoyance. 
He heard the sound of the light flicking on almost blinding him. This was followed by footsteps on the stairs which he got up to face the stairs as a male appeared with a surprised look on his face.
Jinks saw the male was Murphy the cop that spoke “Don’t tell me you can see in the dark.” 
He shrugged at Murphy’s comment as Murphy continued to speak “Ugh something I found out that I think you should know. Principal Edwards, shouldn't that guy retire or what, at the High School put out a call for a Vice Principal. I also heard from some sources that you are being considered as a candidate for the job.” 
He frowned as Murphy paused then continue to speak “By the way I sort of told off the Principal after I heard he fired you from the interpreter job without telling you of that firing. I kind of mentioned something during my yelling at him about you graduated from the High School in 2012. Sorry if you didn’t want that to get out.” 
Jinks spoke “I think me graduating from the high school will get out anyway.”
He didn't say a word in response as Murphy formed a frown followed by the male holding up an envelope and speaking "This was in your mailbox. Excuse me for getting into your apartment without your permission. 
I found the doors left open and your cat sniffing around the bushes. I figured the cat was yours by my scanner pointing out a microchip implanted into her that said your address.
Next time pay attention to your door and mind your cat. Cats such as them aren't allowed to travel freely around the apartment complex or around town either."
Jinks didn't say a word in response went to Murphy and yanked the envelope from the male while adding "Anything else you want to tell me?"
He glared at Murphy who shrugged in response and found the male walking up the stairs without a word and didn't blink from the lights being turned off. 
Jinks opened the envelope to grunt an annoyed sound finding himself unable to read it despite night vision in his eyesight. He groaned and went up the stairs to the light switch turning it on to read the envelope's contents. 
Jinks growled an annoyed sound crumbling up the letter he discovered involved him being fired from his interpreting job. He felt annoyance take hold finding the letter didn't mention why he was being fired. He resumed doing his karate practicing it lengthy till he felt sleepy collapsed onto the padded floor and shut his eyes. 
Jinks wound up dreaming of Jeffery clad in pajamas lighting up a candle as night time blared he finding the kid going to another bedroom seeing his father Jerry lying asleep on the bed. He frowned as Jerry wound up sitting up and standing with eyes' shut followed by the male making a running jog to throw himself out of the window he gasping of shock seeing it. Jinks gasped as Jeffery without a word blew out the candle and laid himself onto Jerry's bed shutting his eyes as darkness arrived.
Jinks came to feeling a rumbling vibration on his front indicating of a cat sitting on top of him purring away. He jerked open his eyes to discover Demeter sitting on his front that arched her back and darted up the stairs out of sight. He groaned and discovered the letter was still clad in his hand appearing to be smoothed out and not crumbled into a ball. Jinks frowned to find the letter was different instead of his letter on the firing. He read the letter as if compelled to discover it was a letter giving him guardianship to a kid named Jeffery Birdie in response to the suicide death of his father Jerry Birdie. 
Jinks groaned softly and found nothing in his mind regarding that dream he had he finding it slipping away from his mind in a fast move despite a feeling of forgetfulness hitting him.
Jinks heard a loud meow sounding of Demeter in an angry voice tone. He darted up the stairs to find Demeter at the door of the basement scratching it with a paw and yowling angrily. Jinks opened the door and let Demeter run out as he walked out slamming the door to thrust the letter onto the couch dresser's drawer to hear a meow followed by feeling a cat's head rubbing his foot. He looked down to find Demeter meowing in a happy tone while keeping up the head rubbing onto his shoed food despite he confused to why she was angry earlier. 
He sighed and went into the kitchen ignoring Demeter sensed following to find her food bowl was empty which he figured "She's begging me to feed her."
Jinks fed Demeter and recalled the letter's contents included giving him ownership of a vehicle in the parking lot. He left the apartment to find the vehicle to find a motorcycle parked in front of it in the parking lot while spotting a female with dark skin looks coming out of Jerry Birdie's apartment with a glare on her face. 
Jinks waited as the female slammed the door and walked up towards him to speak in a rude tone "Where's Jeffery Birdie Sir?"
He spoke firmly "The name is Jinks Montreal-"
He was interrupted "I know who you are Mister Montreal. I'm Makeda Kawai. I'm aware that you have guardianship of Jeffery. So talk on what's weird about Jeffery that you've noticed hmm?"
Jinks spoke "What makes you think Jeffery is weird?"
He frowned as Makeda spoke "Don't deny this talk now Mister Montreal. I know that you know that Jeffery has weird abilities."
Jinks shrugged and spoke “Would one of the weird things be Jeffery controlling people when their asleep by using a lighted candle?” 
He saw shock in Makeda’s eyes that widen staring at him as he continued “Believe me I did that trick when I was younger a few times on people.” 
Jinks paused then added “What other things have Jeffery done to be considered weird?”
He frowned as Makeda stared at him with widen eyes then spoke “That’s all I know. Jerry mentioned to me that Jeffery has done some weird things without further explaining what they are.” 
Jinks formed a smirk on his face as he allowed the Master through to speak in a cruel voice tone “I can handle the kid and whatever he throws at me.” 
He saw Makeda do a double take look before speaking “Jerry has a stepbrother in the police force named Jonathan Murphy who I’m not sure if Jeffery is aware of him.” 
Jinks willed the Master away and stiffened at the name Jonathan Murphy as the cop with the name tag Murphy came to his mind. 
Makeda kept talking “I heard from Jerry on the phone a day before death that Jeffery manipulated Jon against his will too many times that Jon is said to give up trying to help Jerry control his son or help Jeffery himself.” 
He frowned as Makeda paused then continued to speak “The night Jerry died he left a freaked out message on my answering machine in a scared voice which I didn’t get to it till later due to being in New York City helping out a charity fundraiser for kids. I wasn’t able to get away till today. I heard he died of suicide which I’m betting that Jeffery had a hand in it.” 
Jinks nodded his head and then spoke “What did Jerry say on the answering machine?” 
He stared at Makeda who spoke “The message said that he was afraid of Jeffery along and mentioned something about the kid being controlled by something he dubbed ‘Ghost of the dead’ that has powers that was freaking him out worried. He also mentioned that he feared for his life afraid that Jeffery would turn onto him and kill him and make his death seem like suicide.” 
Jinks spoke “Well did you tell the police that?” 
Makeda spoke “I already did. I visited the police station before coming here. The chief in a private talk told me that he gave you legal guardianship of Jeffery while mentioning you being this Master with powers and saying that the kid has them himself and needs to learn discipline in using them from your influence.” 
Jinks nodded his head in a short bob then stiffened sensing someone had arrived and was eavesdropping on them which his senses told him was Jeffery nearby hidden. 
He spoke “Don’t worry about Jeffery. He’s doing alright.” 
Jinks added in a louder voice tone “You want to tell Makeda yourself, Jeffery?”
Jinks heard a kid’s groaning noise coming from behind him turned around to see Jeffery pop up from behind the car while hearing Makeda give off a groan. He watched as Jeffery made his way around the car to stand next to him with eyes staring at the ground. 
Jinks spoke “Jeffery, did school end early?”
Jinks narrowed his eyes feeling suspicious seeing the kid wasn’t wearing clothes instead was dressed in pajama like clothes to him as Jeffery spoke in a small voice “No I didn’t go to school, I called out sick.”
Jinks heard Makeda groan softly as he spoke as a memory of being bullied in High School popped in his mind along with himself calling out sick several times flashed in his mind “Jeffery, who’s bullying you at school?”
Jinks saw Jeffery look up at him with a wide eyed look on his face as he continued “Believe me I did that call out sick trick when I was a freshman in high school because of being bullied by students. So spill it, who’s bullying you?” 
Jinks stared at Jeffery who appeared to gulp and then the kid spoke “Just some guy and two friends of his who started picking on me after I got too friendly with a girl I didn’t know was his girlfriend.”
Jinks narrowed his eyes forming a glare on his face as his senses blared warning abruptly Jeffery paused to look down and then continued to speak “All I did was help this girl Anna pick up some books she dropped to the ground after some girls ran into her which she kissed me on the cheek for that help right in front of that guy Brutus and his friends. She made it seem like she was hitting onto me and has kept up doing that whenever Brutus and his friends were around. I heard from another student a girl named Eliza that Brutus and Anna were seen as boyfriend and girlfriend around school and that the relationship was broken off by her.”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth hearing that as his senses again blared.
Jeffery paused then continued “Brutus as a result before and after school has targeted me which his two friends would hold me and he would pound fists onto me. I already tried to complain to the teachers but they don’t seem to be taking me seriously. At every one of my complaints I get told this same old story to me that Brutus is some sort of perfect model student who never misbehaved and has always gotten perfect grades and that I’m making it up. I tried to fight back several times but a teacher seems to catch the action and I keep getting detention as a result.” 
He heard Makeda speak “You should talk to the police about that. I think the teachers are aware of Brutus hitting Jeffery and aren’t doing anything about it by letting this idiot get away with it.” 
Jinks spoke with sarcasm “It sure sounds like it to me.”
He heard Jeffery give off a groan sound as Makeda spoke “What’s Brutus’ last name? Maybe I know the kid’s family from my charity work.” 
Jinks reached out a hand and placed it on Jeffery’s arm who spoke “Brutus is a nickname. His real name is Jackson Barton the third.”
Jinks heard Makeda interrupt speaking in fast gibberish which he looked at her seeing her face had anger on it which he interrupt speaking “Excuse me Makeda in plain Summeran please.” 
Jinks' use of the word Summeran was from Highlanders calling the language that name. Besides the Highlanders at first meeting called it Summeran and proved that the language wasn't English spoken by recordings flaunted into the faces of Humans at meetings.
Anyway Jinks wound up stared at Makeda who continued her gibberish, he later learn was inappropriate vulgarity words later. 
She wound up quitting before giving off a loud harrumph sound then she spoke in Summeran “I know who Jeffery is talking about. His family is very rich and has donated a lot of money to schools in Connecticut focusing in Wethersfield. I heard a rumor that one teacher at an elementary school got fired after flunking Brutus due to his family threatening to not donate some money to that school if the teacher wasn’t fired.” 
Jinks spoke “That sounds like something Jeffery should discuss with the police. People with money influence shouldn’t be getting away breaking the law.” 
He saw Makeda nod her head and she spoke “I think you and Jeffery should do this immediately without delay before this idiotic kid does something really bad to Jeffery putting him in the hospital.” 
Jinks heard Jeffery groan some sound as he heard a ringing sound coming from Makeda who spoke “Excuse me.” 
He looked at Jeffery as Makeda turned her back and heard her speak “Hello Makeda Kawai here, yes?”
Jinks ignored Makeda’s chatter as he removed his hand and spoke to Jeffery “If the police doesn’t work out, well I know someone who is rich with influence that might be able to help out.”
Jinks saw Jeffery look at him which he leaned forwards and whispered in the kid’s ear “My father has influence enough in the government. Don’t mention to anyone but the Jinks Montreal name isn’t my real name.”
Jinks watched as Jeffery’s eyes widen and then saw the kid nod his head but saw fear in his eyes. 
He got nothing from Makeda who cut her cell phone talk followed by she speaking "Anyway I have business to go attend to. Just go to the police station once Jeffery looks presentable and talk to the cops on this. Mister Montreal, excuse me."
He watched her put on her helmet followed by driving away on the motorcycle to feel sleepiness hitting him abruptly. 
He eyed Jeffery who displayed a fear look on his face despite black eyes while speaking "I'm sorry."
Jinks frowned finding himself hitting the ground to pass out unconscious to float above his body. He watched as Jeffery took off running he following via ghost walking despite he unable to talk or touch the kid. Jinks wound up finding Jeffery was entering Jerry's apartment using some hand wave towards the door while having the Master in control. He assumed the Master was the black eyes Jeffery was displaying who darted inside slamming the doors. 
Jinks heard Jeffery scream "Get out of my mind now! I won't serve you! I would rather die instead!"
He stiffened from Jeffery's words as his senses didn't blare as the kid reached a bedroom on the second floor going to the window throwing himself through by breaking the glass followed by seeing a light show. He stiffened as darkness arrived to his eyesight. 
Jinks opened his eyes hearing the phone ringing reached over to the phone picking it up to bring to his ear and speaking “Hello?” in a voice that has weariness in it that surprised him. 
He heard a voice speaking “Jinks, I heard what happened to Jeffery. Poor kid committed suicide by throwing himself out the window of an apartment. Neighbors saw him doing it and went to find his body. They didn't find his body but some area on the ground that looked burned of fire. The neighbor is claiming Jeffery was some Ghost of the Dead being that got killed off. Are you alright on the news and that your guardianship of the kid has ended?" 
He didn’t speak for a bit but spoke “I don’t know.” 
His father spoke “Jinks.” 
Jinks heard the firm tone of a voice in his father that made him grimace. 
Jinks frowned as his father continued “I heard from sources that you lost it after hearing that Jeffery had passed away which required you being knocked out by sleeping darts. The sources tell me that you were knocked out with too many darts all combined to be strong enough to bring down an elephant gonoid along with tested some tests by the Zesky Hospital.”
He frowned hearing that as his father kept speaking “The tests results I’m told turned out to be normal with them finding nothing wrong with you. They think your anger fueled you awake due to them having trouble knocking you out with sleeping darts.”
Jinks heard the silence on the line and figured to himself that his father wanted an explanation which he spoke as compelled words coming out of his mouth “I got fond of Jeffery from the time we lived together. I guess I had a bad reaction to hearing that Jeffery passed away which had me really upset enough to let anger control me and losing it.” 
Jinks felt himself annoyed with what he said as he paused as he heard nothing from his father but his breathing sounding of choking to him.
Jinks then continued to speak “Jeffery was bullied at school and I tried to help him stop it but he didn't want my help instead committed suicide like you said.” 
He stiffened at the sad voice tone his voice gave off as he cut himself off to groan softly to himself. 
He heard his father speak “I was made aware of that by my sources, Jinks. Do a favor for me?”
Jinks spoke “What is it?”
He stiffened at the broken voice tone as his father spoke “Don’t let another kid bullied by other kids go down the path Jeffery took involving suicide. You hear me on that?”
Jinks sighed and spoke “Yeah I hear you.” 
His father spoke “Well remember the favor, Jinks. I’ll call again when I have the time.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and heard his father speak again “Bye Jinks.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear and brought the phone to its cradle and burrowed himself under the blankets shutting his eyes. Jinks heard the phone ringing again sighed and opened his eyes to lean over grabbing the phone bringing it to his ear. 
He spoke “Hello?”
Jinks heard a voice on the line speak “Jinks Montreal? This is Principal Edwards from Wethersfield High School. I got a job for you.” 
Jinks frowned hearing the Principal’s voice tone sounding serious which he spoke “What do you have in mind for me to do?”
He heard the principal speak “The job’s for Vice Principal of Wethersfield High School.” 
Jinks spoke “Well-” 
He was interrupted by Principal Edwards speaking “One of the job’s duties is cracking down on student bullying and enforcing teachers to do their jobs on stopping the bullying something I’m very strongly on.”
Jinks sighed softly to himself as Principal Edwards went silent as he recalled a freshman student named Cassidy Holmes he interpreted for bullied in the hallway in front of him with a teacher watching and not doing anything to stop it. 
He recalled his father’s words and spoke “I accept the job offer. When do I start?”
Jinks heard Principal Edwards speak “You can start today if you like. Just show up to the office and I’ll brief you on duties your required to do. Also show up wearing some thing nicer than the casual clothes you wore when you interpreted for a student. We have a faculty dress code and it’s a must around here.” 
He spoke “Ok will do.” 
He heard Principal Edwards speak “Bye Mister Montreal.” 
Jinks heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and leaned over putting the phone on its cradle. He rolled over and yanked the blankets off his form and sat up staring at the dresser holding his clothes mentally thinking of its contents. He looked around the room till his eye fell on the suitcase sitting in a corner on the floor with folded black clothing on top of it along with dressy like shoes next to it holding socks in them. 
Sighing he got up walking to a bare spot in the room and stretched doing his limber exercises then with a karate move swung himself up to a standing position. 
He heard a meow from behind him sounding like Demeter in a questioning tone which he turned to look and didn’t see the cat in sight. He frowned staring at the dresser with its high legs which he saw Demeter walk out from underneath looking worried in her eyes who went to his legs rubbing her head on them. He bent down to give Demeter a head rub that raised her head towards his hand and purred loudly from his touch. 
Jinks sighed again and then went to the dresser to open a drawer. He yanked out a fresh pair of underwear shorts and then walked out of the bedroom heading towards the bathroom. He paused at the spare bedroom's door to see it open and looking bare of kid’s things which he saw was gone leaving the bedroom with its furniture empty. 
He rubbed a hand on his face and then shook his head then entered the bathroom to place the clean underwear shorts on a hook behind the door and yanked off his current ones. He went out the bathroom to the hallway closet which he threw the shorts into the laundry hamper he saw was empty of clothes then again entered the bathroom. He went to the mirror to stare at himself noticing that his face remained the same but there was a serious look in his eyes. He felt Demeter rub her head on his leg followed by her meow sound in a worried tone. 
Jinks spoke out loud “Yeah I know. You’re worried about me. I’ll manage to get over it.” 
He heard nothing from Demeter shrugged and went to the shower tub combination stepping inside turning on the shower water to tolerable heat levels. He stood underneath the water’s spray shutting his eyes as he felt himself better from the water running down on him. Jinks brought his face to the shower water and remembered the phone call with his father running in his mind. He lowered his head opening his eyes and grabbed the soap and began to soap himself. He finished put down the soap and grabbed the shampoo and poured a generous amount onto his hand and placed the bottle down as he brought his hand to his head and began to shampoo his hair. He rubbed and scrubbed himself clean along with rinsing till he felt himself clean. With a sigh he shut the water off and stepped out to grab his towel drying himself and his hair. He put the towel away and grabbed the underwear shorts and placed them on his form sighing loudly. He clad in the shorts walked out of the bathroom walking in the hallway to his bedroom which he paused to stare at the clothes sitting on the suitcase.
He spoke out loud “Oh well. Never thought they’ll come in handy.” 
Jinks heard a meow from his right side in an annoyed voice tone. 
He looked down to see Demeter sitting on her haunches awkwardly with the legs sticking out while having a look in her eyes he recognized that said “What do you expect?”
He spoke out loud “Yeah I know. Just didn’t think the clothes would be useful hence me thinking that way.” 
He saw Demeter narrow her eyes as she stared at him unblinking with annoyance appearing in them. 
Jinks sighed then went to the clothes on the suitcase picking each item up to put on his form. He sighed feeling the material on him then grabbed the shoes to sit on the bed putting on the socks and shoes on his feet. He left the bedroom and walked to the bathroom entering it to grab a comb on the sink and ran it through his hair combing it which he paused from combing. He stared at his hair staring at the length he saw was the end parts fell below his shoulders along with the entire hair looking bushy. He put down the comb and pulled open a drawer seeing a hair brush along with hair bands scattered in the drawer. 
He pulled out a hair band and the hair brush then began brushing his hair as he remembered his mother teaching him how to put his hair in a tail when he complained about his hair getting in his eyes. He pulled the hair back and neatly put it in a tail held in place by the hair band and then stepped back from the sink to stare at his handiwork. He found his hair looked neat with it pulled back in a neat tail which he stared at finding it looking fine to his standards then he left the bathroom going down the stairs. 
He spotted an envelope taped to the front door with his name on it in unfamiliar handwriting. He yanked the envelope and went to the living room to sit on the couch pulling out sheets of paper along with car keys. 
Jinks read the paper’s contents that issued "You are being given Jerry Birdie’s car for it originally belonged to a Lizette O'Neil. Jerry brought by an auction and fixed up the damage. The motorcycle was a loaner and returned to the owner Makeda Kawai." 
He continued to read "Jeffery’s organs after death was donated to people who needed them. The Barton family was made aware of their son bullying Jeffery have set aside money for a college scholarship foundation to the University of Connecticut in Jeffery’s name." 
He frowned as he found paperwork issuing him as owner of Jerry’s car among the sheets of papers. He sighed then placed the car paperwork in his jacket pocket along with the car keys and placed the letter in its envelope and got up walking to the couch’s dresser which he opened a drawer and placed the envelope inside. He found his wallet along with his house keys in it which he took out and yanked the car keys out of his pocket. He clipped them to the key chain and pocketed it while walking into the kitchen to the refrigerator along with pocketing his wallet. Jinks opened it to stare inside seeing it stocked with food which he spied a metallic like blue lunchbox on the counter along with an identical colored thermos next to the refrigerator yanked out some food. 
He made his lunch putting them in the lunchbox along with filling the thermos full of liquid then sighed feeling himself hungry. Jinks pulled out some cereal from the top of the refrigerator and poured himself a bowl full from grabbing a bowl from the cupboard. He took out a spoon and ate the cereal with gusto then stuffed the dishes in the dishwasher and found himself thirsty. He yanked out a cup from the cupboard and again looked in the refrigerator seeing a carton of orange juice inside it. He poured some into the cup and gulped down the contents then stuffed the carton back into the refrigerator along with putting the cup into the dishwasher. 
He grabbed the thermos and lunchbox then looked down at the bowls of cat food seeing them full along with the water filled.
Jinks went out the condo walking to the parking lot to the car unlocking the door which he went inside the car slamming the door behind him. He set aside the lunchbox and thermos next to him and pulled out the paperwork which he stuffed into the dashboard drawer then put on his seatbelt and started the car backing out driving it to the High School. 
At the High School he parked the car in the staff faculty lot then grabbed his lunch and thermos and then entered it walking inside hearing teachers’ voices scattered sounding from open doorways in the hallway he entered. He reached the lobby office to stand waiting as the secretary looked up from her typing on the laptop. 
He frowned as she spoke pointing a finger at a direction “Good, your office is second door that way with the words Vice Principal on it.”
He nodded his head then walked in the direction she gestured to find the door with a name plate in paper next to it in his name. He sighed opened the door and walked inside to see a large square room with a desk at one end with two chairs in front of it with the windows on its left that were in front of him. He spied a small refrigerator in the corner with two file cabinets next to it and went to it and put away his lunch and thermos inside then heard a knock on the door. 
He looked at the door to see Principal Edwards looking serious judging by the expression on his face who spoke “Jinks Montreal, class of 2012. I should have realized why your name was familiar to me when I met you signing up for the interpreter job. I have to confess after some research I asked you for the job for I’m sure you know the school inside and out including having personal experience with bullying.”
Jinks gave a short bob towards the Principal who paused to walk into the room closing the door behind him. 
Jinks stared at the Principal who continued speaking “There’s a student named Cassidy Holmes which you have already met from interpreting for her. I’m mentioning her because she has been the target of bullying which I’ve been made aware from her repeatedly complaining to me about it. Cassidy’s complaints focus on several upper class students, mostly four males, two seniors and two juniors that have targeted her repeatedly. I also was informed that the teachers have given those four students detention repeatedly who have yet to serve it. The four students in question have been identified as seniors twins brothers Stanley and Steven Brown and juniors Matthew Johnson and Jose Ramirez.”
He frowned as a memory of twin males in a hallway pushing Cassidy flashed in his mind along with seeing another male yanking her books and notebooks from her hands and another male stomping on her feet repeatedly. 
He recalled jogging up to them and yelled at the male students "You should not to make fun of Cassidy! It's wrong!"
Jinks frowned as the memory went away in his mind as he remembered the male students laughing in response before walking away and himself helping Cassidy pick up her books and notebook from the floor. 
He heard the Principal add “I assume you’re quite familiar with those four from Cassidy telling me that you tried to stop them bullying her several times in the hallway before class periods.”
Jinks spoke “I’m aware who those four are and I’ve personally seen their handiwork on Cassidy.” 
Jinks saw the Principal nod his head in agreement before Edwards looked at his watch then again at him before speaking “There’s a school rally happening today during sixth period with classes suspended for that time. I plan to introduce you to the students as our new Vice Principal so they’ll know of your position.”
Jinks spoke “Would the rally have something to do with football?” 
He frowned as the Principal gave off a chuckle like laugh and spoke “Your right on that. The rally’s for the football team playing our rivals from Glastonbury in a homecoming game. Ah once a football player is always a football player.”
He sighed softly at the Principal’s words as Edwards continued “I like you to wander around the school mostly between class periods so the students will be made aware of you before your introduction at the rally ok?”
Jinks spoke “Will do.” 
He saw the Principal gave a head bob before turning around and opening the door and leaving the room leaving the door open and walking out of sight. Jinks sighed and spied the clock on the wall which he noted the time and walked out of the office walking pass the secretary who didn’t look up from her typing. 
He walked into the hallway as he recalled Cassidy’s classroom and schedule in his mind took the stairs to the hallway where the classroom was and paused to lean against a locker with his arms folded. 
He heard the teacher in a female voice in the classroom giving off a lecture in a subject he recognized as Ancient Earth History while speaking students’ names and he hearing kids’ voices asking questions followed by the teacher answering them. He listened in interest as Cassidy’s name was called followed by a female voice sounding Highlander like appearing to be interpreting Cassidy’s sign language speaking a question on the lecture. 
He smiled a small smile hearing the teacher’s response followed by sounds of agreements by the students. Jinks frowned as he heard the teacher note the time which told him that the bell was about to ring and heard her give off the homework assignment followed by groaning noises from the students and then silence as the bell abruptly shrilled its noises very loudly. 
He straightened up from his leaning position to stand with eyes on the door to the classroom as students started spilling into the hallway from other classrooms and saw students walking out of the classroom followed by Cassidy with a frown on her face with a Highlander female behind her. He form a serious look on his face as Cassidy’s eyes looked in his direction followed by her face furrowing in a frown with confusion in her eyes as she walked in his direction. 
Jinks nodded his head towards her as she and Highlander female walked by him and he turned around following them both to the stairs going down them to spot four males he recognized darting pass him heading towards Cassidy. 
Jinks quicken his speed darting down the stairs after the males as Cassidy reached the bottom of the stairs. He caught the males by grabbing Jose's arm who yelled out in shock stopping the males who turned to look in his direction. 
Jinks spoke as he let go of the male he recognized as Jose Ramirez’s arm “Boys, don’t you have class to go to?”
He stared at the males who laughed at him before darting down the stairs running around the corner which he jogged down and saw them enter a hallway which he followed walking briskly to see them enter the cafeteria which he halted to watch them attend the line for food. He felt himself hungry walked away going to a hallway with a ramp going up it to the lobby office which he went to his office going inside. 
He noted the time on the clock seeing it was fourth period lunch for seniors and juniors along with noting to himself that lunch for sophomores and freshmen were in fifth period the next one after fourth. Jinks grabbed his lunch box and thermos from the refrigerator and sat in the desk chair with the desk in front of him. He opened the lunch box and ate the food while drinking from the thermos leaving no bites and liquid left.
Jinks made sure he stood in the hallway near Cassidy's classroom for each period including following her outside to see her get into a vehicle driven by a familiar male that looked familiar with an Asian appearance and Human ears. He gave a salute in response and walked back into the school to grab his lunchbox. 
He went to the car to find three males wearing suits in front of it leaning against it making his senses blare warning abruptly. Jinks didn't say a word in response as one of the males hold up a dart gun in his hands fire it at his chest putting him to sleep which he fell to the ground and went unconscious. 

Part Four: Master Organization

Jinks woke up wearing a jumpsuit on his form and some slipper shoes on his feet and nothing else while feeling a hand patting his cheek. He jerked his eyes open to see a familiar female he recognized as Janel kneeling next to him. 
She was looking panicky and pale like she’s been sick while wearing a blue ankle length dress that again made his senses blare warning he saw was covering her form. 
His eyes fell to her abdomen and he heard a female voice speak “Daddy.” 
That told him she’s expecting a girl. 
He found himself in a fenced cage with a chain lock on it and it appeared to be in some room with an electrical control panel. He spotted a door that he figured to himself led to outside. 
He got up to sit up as Janel spoke "I was walking outside alone into a hotel when two men grabbed my arms. One holding a gun to my side and forced me into a limo. It's where I met some guy with your face who had all black eyes and had long black hair along with wearing some blue expensive suit of clothing all in sky blue. 
I know is not yourself but someone named Simon Idaho reportedly trying to start of a cult called Master Organization involving a belief by looking twin to a deity god and making himself seem like a Godly being. 
Simon Idaho tried to inject me with some syringe which I resisted and told him that I was expecting a baby." 
Jinks heard Janel added "Simon Idaho I refer him told me that I’ll lose the baby anyway. And successfully injected me with the syringe giving me bad cramps as I passed out. 
Woke up sitting handcuffed to a chair underneath a spotlight with a female Shadonian sitting in another chair appearing to be handcuffed to it with a sick throw up feeling in my throat." 
Jinks listened as Janel continued to babble "Simon Idaho the man with your face but different eyes had me interrogated asking me questions about you yourself with the female Shadonian acting as a lie detector speaking out whether what I said was a lie or not. The questions were about who you are and what’s your relationship with me. 
It's due to Roo’s not so secret interest in you yourself. I had told them that Roo had H.I.V. and couldn’t father children without transmitting his sickness to someone else artificially or mating ways. 
I added that you were selected to be the father getting me expecting twice through the way of mating. 
They proceeded to ask me a question about some religion with believers believing in a deity called Master who had your face and whether I heard of it. 
I refused to talk more about it and wouldn’t talk despite their efforts of repeating the question. Then after that they injected me with a syringe giving me more bad cramps that hit me bad. I threw up in front of them twice and I had trouble falling asleep which they gave I another injection making my cramps worse. 
As I hit the ground to fell asleep felt them lifting up my skirt. Saw one of them holding a bowl next to me while dressed in medical scrubs. 
I woke up lying in the cage room with you besides me asleep while wearing the dress and nothing on underneath. Along with feeling nauseous enough to make me think I've lost the baby and still is feeling the nausea but not much."
Jinks got up as Janel got up pausing from her talk as he made himself calm waved a hand towards the chain holding the door to the fence closed and watched as it fell apart. Then yanked it open walking out followed by Janel. 
Janel he heard babbling "Roo has said that you was special and wanted you to father my children while being very adamant on that. Including rejecting other methods and donors to get myself pregnant by insisting that I mate with you period. Roo still hasn’t given me an explanation to his interests in you despite me repeatedly asking him." 
He as Janel became silent went to the control panel and yanking it open and turned switches off hearing humming sounded end followed by the lights above turning off. Janel was felt clinging to him by her hands grabbing his arm. He used his night vision to travel to the door leading Janel that led to stairs outside going up. He heard sounds of multiple gun cocking noises sounding loud while hearing Janel whimper a crying noise.
He heard "Jinks and Janel are to come up the stairs or we’ll throw a donator bomb in your location!" 
Jinks heard Janel gasp out in terror pulled her out of the room up the stairs to see a large courtyard with multiple men and women wearing army gear clothing and guns in their hands pointed his way. He saw that the men and women have some look in their eyes he figured was reverence when he looked at them. Jinks shielded Janel from the men and women whose guns are pointed towards him.
A new voice heard "Hold your fire!"
Jinks frowned as the army men and women cock their guns. He heard Janel gave off another terror like sound while feeling her cling to him with her forehead on his back.
He allowed the Master to come through to narrow his eyes. Jinks saw the men and women have widened eyes of shock but not showing it on their faces as a figure came into view and he willed the Master away. The figure he saw and recognized from Janel’s description was Simon Idaho wearing sun glasses on top of his head. He sensed that Simon’s black eyes are covered with contacts in black covering the man’s eyes completely.
He stared at Simon with a glare as the man spoke "I've been wanting to meet you, Jinks for awhile. It's nice to have the meeting happen for the first time. I have heard interesting things about you and have wanted to meet you." 
Jinks didn't acknowledged Simon’s comment as the male continued sounding with sarcasm and an odd accent "I’ll have you dead. For you're a threat I want eliminated. It’s not the first time I eliminated threats to my leadership status." 
He kept his mouth shut as he noticed the army appeared to have angry looks in their eyes while keeping their faces blank.
He listened as Simon ordered "I want Jinks to be shot to death immediately so set up your guns now!"
Jinks found this was followed by the army tinkering with their guns in loud noises sounds. 
He watched as Simon walked away to stand in the middle of the army and then shout "Fire!" 
Jinks then watched with a range of emotions as the army people in front of Simon turn around firing their guns rapid fire at the male who jerked from being shot. Along with round holes appearing all over his body and head and then watched as Simon hits the ground which his senses told him that the male is dead. He willed the Master back as the army's people stop their shooting then faced him all tinkering with their guns while seeing that they have reverence in their eyes towards him. 
He ordered in the Master’s voice "You're to take me and Janel back to where she was picked up by vehicle taking us to there now." 
Army people obey leading him and Janel through the building which he saw was some military compound barrack to the entrance to a limo that took them through farm land as the sun moved in the sky two positioned to a city he recognizes as Hartford. He hugged Janel in the car by putting her on his lap to wrap arms around her.
Jinks wound up hearing her complain "I'm still being nauseous." 
He willed her to shut her eyes and sleep it off. Janel he sensed obeyed falling asleep as the car drives through farmland and into Hartford which he willed the Master away. The limo stopped at a hotel and he waked Janel up.
Janel groans loudly as he spoke speaking "We're at the hotel. I want to escort you to the hotel room."
He moved Janel off his lap and she got out of the car followed by him going into the hotel to the lobby desk.
He heard her asking "I like a card to my room."
Jinks frowned hearing her speaking the name of Janel Montreal and the word baby which he saw the receptionist a female widen her eyes then handed Janel a credit like card. He followed Janel to the elevator and it went up to the fifth floor. She he saw led him to a room with a number on it and used the card to get into the room. Inside he saw looked like a bedroom with a doorway that made him think it led to the private bathroom and a flat screened TV on a dresser with a window facing him that have shades closed. Janel he watched went to the window to peer around the shade and resisted his hands on her shoulders.
He heard her speaking in a sad voice "Please leave to the lobby and request them to get a vehicle to your home by speaking your name and the word travel. They’ll get you what you needed to get home." 
Jinks walked to the door to see Janel still has her back to him opened the door and slammed it close which automatically locked itself. He then turned to face Janel who still has her back to the door with him watching her. He watched as she gave off crying sounds followed by her kneeling and curling into a ball onto the rugged floor while giving off sounds of crying. 
Jinks felt pity hitting him hard went to Janel and shocked her by lifting her up. As she gave off shock sounds followed by crying hard again which he carried her to the bed. He sat on it with his back against the headboard and her sideways leaning against him with his arms around her. He heard Janel still giving off crying sounds kisses her forehead and then placed a hand on her abdomen to feel for the baby. He could feel her movements inside Janel but guided by his senses puts his hand over the area gently rubbing as the mother was sensed calmed down. 
He heard Janel gasp out "I was sick with sicknesses. I'm finding it impossible to be still expecting-" 
Jinks spoke interrupting in a calm soothing voice tone "The baby held on inside you. You're still expecting a baby. You're sicknesses was you're body fighting the drugs you were given to protect the baby which is still inside you." 
He felt Janel’s hand touch his hand on her abdomen which he guided it to where the baby is inside her from his senses telling him. He heard Janel gasp of pleasure followed by crying again uncontrollably. Jinks continued to hold her as she cried to sleep and the sunlight outside shining making the window shades glow slowly gets dimmer. He heard a knock sound on the door in three raps followed by silence. 
His senses blared he thinking to himself "Someone is outside the door using some mental power to see into the room through the closed door." 
He eyed the door which his senses again blare "Someone outside is using some mental power ability."
The door suddenly unlocked itself before becoming ajar followed by Roosevelt to his shock walking into the room quietly closing the door behind him. He saw Roosevelt’s eyes as the man looked at him are all black that turn to Human normal eyes.
He thought to himself "There’s more to Roosevelt than the man appears to be." 
Jinks watched as Roosevelt went to Janel putting a hand on her forehead.
His senses again blare telling him "The man is using some mental power to wake up Janel." 
Janel he sensed who woke up with a gasp stirring in his arms as he saw Roosevelt’s hand touch her cheek followed by her groaning loudly. He gently pushed Janel to a sit up position as Roosevelt took her hands and pulled her up to stand. He got off the bed with eyes staring at the two seeing Roosevelt hug Janel who smile a smile of pleasure being hugged by the man with her arms around him. He watched as Roosevelt kissed Janel’s face multiple times who seems to enjoy it.
Jinks thinking to himself "I wish I would have a female to love like Roosevelt is loving towards Janel."
He then followed them out of the hotel room to the elevator that took them down to the lobby room and outside to a limo where a Highlander in a uniform is standing in front of it that opens the car door letting the couple inside. 
He stood as the Highlander spoke "You're to get in now."
Jinks obeyed and sat opposite from the couple who repeatedly kiss each other on the lips not paying attention to anything around them as the car moves driving through the city.
He felt annoyance with Roosevelt and Janel's kissy face look to look out the window till he felt sleepiness hitting him shut his eyes passing out unconscious.
Jinks dreamed of himself standing in a crib railing up to his chin appearing to be young aged watching his parents standing in the room signing to each other in an argument he read them saying. 
His mother was signing "I'm furious with you about being implanted with Jinks. I suspects isn’t fathered by you but someone else. Jinks has blue eyes when you and I don’t have the eye color." 
He watched as his father signed "Maybe there was a mix up at the lab hence Jinks having blue eyes." 
He watched as his mother signed “You expect me to believe that Burke?” 
He found his mother then leaves the room slamming the door. He watched as his father went up to him at the crib and gently got himself into a lying position. 
Jinks saw his father putting the blanket up to his chest and saying “Goodnight Jinks, sleep well.” 
His eyes travel to his father’s neck which he spotted a locket on a chain twin to the Simon Idaho's army people's necklaces. He watched through the railings as his father left the crib to another part of the room to kneel in front of a tapestry with an image of a male looking like Lance Richard on it. Jinks heard his father chanting in foreign language repeatedly over and over till blackness comes to his view. 
Jinks woke up on something soft as a bed that felt familiar to feel himself wearing clothes same as before. He found himself in the Guest room of Roosevelt’s building with cameras recording his every move. He got up feeling an irritant eyed a doorway which he recognized as the bathroom darted inside heading towards the toilet.
Jinks came out of the bathroom feeling much better and went to the table to sit at a chair putting his hands on his face groaning softly. His ears heard an elevator door opening sound. His nose smelled food which he looked up to see his father with necklace not shown carrying a tray filled with dishware that set it on the table in front of him. He saw that his father has a fear look in his eyes with facial expression in a frown. He reached for the food and ravenously ate it in a fast motion then gulped down the drink in a fast motion before putting aside the tray. 
He saw that his father has a fear look in his eyes that makes him think "Its Roosevelt controlling him." 
His father sat down at a chair opposite from him. 
Jinks spoke "I'm asking you why you and my mother separated and what the argument was about?" 
He stared at his father who speaks "The argument was about religious beliefs. I wanted to share my beliefs with you but your mother wanted you to believe something else took you away so I, your father wouldn’t be able to do that." 
Jinks frowned as his senses blare a warning and he heard “Liar.” 
He heard the word spoken in a female voice in his mind in a voice that reminds him of his mother which confused him. 
Jinks frowned to speak "What were the beliefs that my mother didn’t want me to believe in?" 
His father to his annoyance spoke "How's you been feeling? Have you been eating food or starving yourself due to the way you ate the food?" 
Jinks stared at his father with confusion and he abruptly got a headache to put both hands on his forehead shutting his eyes. 
He recalled the dream he had along with a memory of himself as Lance Richard riding a horse on a field. The sun above him, riding got blocked out and he looked up to see the ship is back as the horse abruptly falls to the ground. He found himself on a horse skeleton which he got up to stare at the ship. 
Jinks recalled he felt pain in his chest as he recalled himself floating above his body to see it fall apart in dirt with nothing left but the bones that fall to the ground lying on the grass. 
The ship went higher in the sky and flies out of sight. 
He continued to remember floating as a hooded figure on a horse came into view stopping near the horse bones to get off the horse to examine the bones. Then found his bones picking them all up into a sack slinging it over the shoulder like a bag and gets back on the horse that galloped. Going into a forest and stopping in front of a cave which the rider gets off. 
The figure entered the cave to pour the bones into a cauldron that is bubbling with a fire underneath it. Then the figure removes the robe revealing Lance Richard himself with crown on his head dressed in the clothes who pulls out his sword. 
Lance hold his left hand over the cauldron and grips the blade with the hand as blood falls into the cauldron dripping fast then he licks his hand wound with his tongue closed. 
Jinks watched as Lance got a stick from the ground and stirred the cauldron before tipping part of it into a cup and drank from it and continued to do that repeatedly till there’s no liquid left in the cauldron. 
Jinks continued to watch as Lance kicks the cauldron on its side and puts out the fire with a hand waving over it then puts on robe going to his horse. Lance wound up seen getting back on the horse riding it through the forest till he reaches a clearing. 
Lance then gets off the horse and takes off the robe whacking the horse on the rump which it galloped away. Lance, he saw went into the ground by sinking in it with head up eyes closed as the scene changed to show a cave room with a large stone slab. Lance went to the stone slab and laid his form on it shutting his eyes closed and form becoming still. 
He watched as sunlight appeared into the cave and a man with Roosevelt’s face looking young like came into view. Roosevelt he figured is the male wearing clothing that looked like he's wearing gonoid skin clothes, a top and a leather hand made like jacket to stare at Lance then darted away necklace locket identical to the one he’s seen the army cult members wore seen on his neck banging against him. 
The scene changed to the dream Jinks had which seemed to be in slow motion focusing on his mother saying about being implanted with himself fathered by someone else and not by the male pointed as his father. 
He stiffened with shock running through him as he realized that his mother was implanted with a part of Lance to create himself in his original body. 
Jinks found his headache gone from himself and himself back in the chair hands still on his face.
He wound up hearing "Are you alright?" 
The Master within him roared in response to Burke's voice. He allowed the Master to take control. He looked up from his hands to stare at Burke he assumed was not his father but someone who assumed the father ship responsibility for Lizette carrying him.
 Jinks saw the frown in Burke’s eyes change to reverence then looks away to stare at his hands. 
He eyeing the palms which he saw a long scar mark on the left hand that told him "It's a sword cut." 
He stared at his palms to see that they look careworn and fisted his hands to stare at his nails that look like they were well cared for. 
He looked at Burke to speak “What did you do to me?” 
Jinks spoke in a cold cruel voice tone while narrowing his eyes hands tightening in fists which he aimed them at Burke. 
He saw a fear look on Burke’s face along with the reverence still in his eyes as Burke spoke “Nothing."
He spoke with anger in his voice tone while detecting that Burke has told a lie “Liar.” 
He saw Burke’s throat make a gulping motion as the man speaks “It was nothing to concern you.” 
He again spoke “Liar” while detecting that Burke has again told a lie.
Jinks spoke “Tell me the truth now!” 
He glared at Burke who had full blown panic on his face and eyes that abruptly got up running towards the elevator doors. 
Jinks waved a hand mentally speaking "Paralysis to Burke’s legs."
He found his order obeyed by Burke who stop running to tip back and forth with his upper body. 
He slowly got up to stalk towards Burke who yelled very loudly saying “Roosevelt! Get the guards in here now!” 
He reached Burke to grab Burke’s hair by his left hand to jerk the male’s head up while putting a hand on the man’s throat holding him in a near choke hold. Burke put hands on his arm clawing him with fear on his face while hearing the elevator doors closed followed by soft beeping sounds. 
He spoke in a cruel voice tone with the Master in control “You’ll tell me the truth now.” 
Jinks released a bit of his grip on Burke’s throat who he sensed gulped again and spoke “All we did was just medical tests and had a part of you implanted in a female which resulted in a son who was sent back to your time by Highlanders. He met the High Council who gave him a mission which he achieved and then they later killed him.”
He spoke as the elevators beeping stopped that told him it had stopped at a floor “The argument between you and Lizette state the reason now!”
He gave Burke a shake with his hands as the man spoke “Lizette found out through some mysterious way that you had fathered her son and refused to have him raised under my religious influence. 
She took him away after an argument about that and has been raising your son in hiding with help of some religious members who agreed with her. Her point of view was that your son should be told of the religion and decides for himself on whether he should be influenced by it when he was grown and not raised in it.”
He heard the elevator sound its beeping again and released his hold on Burke to step back waving a hand mentally ordering the paralysis gone from the man’s legs and folded his arms while willing the Master away. 
He watched as Burke bent down gasping for air very loudly and frowned eyes staring at the man who straightened up to stare at him with a fear look in his eyes. 
He heard the elevators ding its sound and darted behind Burke as the doors open showing two armed men in Simon Idaho's cult army clothes and Roosevelt walking from behind them entering the room. He grabbed Burke from behind holding the man in front of him as the army men pointed their guns at him which he saw Roosevelt had a frown look in his face with annoyance in his eyes. 
He gave Roosevelt a glare as Burke was heard whined “The Master forced me to tell him what we did to him.”
Jinks saw Roosevelt’s eyes turn all black and saw the man wave a hand and felt Burke go limp in his hand grip form feeling like sinking to the floor. Jinks adjusted his hand grips on Burke holding the man’s limp body in front of him while keeping his eyes in a glare on Roosevelt whose eyes turned back to Human like. 
Jinks glared staring at Roosevelt as the man spoke “Alright Jinks, judging by your expression, you know what happened to yourself.” 
He nodded his head in a short bob towards Roosevelt and continued holding Burke appearing to be sleeping in front of him by his hands on the man. 
He eyed Roosevelt who again spoke “The only way out of this room is through the elevator which I have men ready to turn on the sleeping gas if you don’t appear to be friendly with me.” 
Jinks spoke “Call off your guards, Roosevelt and I’ll consider that.” 
He gave Roosevelt a glare who spoke “I would consider that but I can’t.” 
Jinks saw Roosevelt jerk his head towards him which he frowned at the man’s words and then removed his hands off Burke who slid to the floor still unconscious. 
He folded his arms to glare at Roosevelt who spoke gesturing with a hand towards the elevator “Come along Jinks.” 
Jinks wordlessly walked forward towards Roosevelt as the two army men stuck their guns on their backs in swift motions with hands going to their sides. He reached Roosevelt and watched as the man’s eyes aimed at Burke lying on the floor turn all black followed by the man waving a hand. Jinks heard gasping sounds from behind him which he sensed Burke awake and saw Roosevelt’s eyes turn Human like which were narrowed in a glare at Burke behind him. Jinks turned sideways to look at Burke who got up from the floor with a big frown on his face and reverence in his eyes towards himself. 
He heard Roosevelt speak “Your terrible, Burke, on allowing the Master to scare you.”
Jinks stared at Burke who sputtered out “But-“
Jinks turned his attention to Roosevelt who interrupted Burke by speaking “I don’t expect that to happen again, get it Burke?”
He heard Burke speak from behind him coming closer and closer as if the man was walking towards him “I get it, Roosevelt that it won’t happen again.”
Jinks saw Burke walk in his line of sight with head down eyes staring at the floor to stand next to Roosevelt who again spoke “Come along.” 
He followed Roosevelt into the elevator with Burke and two army men following inside. He frowned inwardly as the elevator went down with several humming beeping sounds and stopped with a loud ding sound doors opening showing a small reception area with doors leading elsewhere. He saw a female sitting at a desk look up head set on her head and frowned some more as he saw reverence in her eyes aimed at him as he followed Roosevelt to a set of double doors. 
Inside he saw a large dimly lighted room with monitors in the walls with people sitting around attention to consoles with computer monitors while wearing head sets on their heads that didn’t look up from him entering the room. Jinks saw that the consoles and monitors were surrounding a round table underneath a spotlight in the middle of the room with chairs scattered around it. He frowned as he saw Janel sitting in one of the chairs look his way with pity in her eyes and saw her look away looking down at her left which he could see a baby carriage peeking from besides her with her hand on it gently moving it forward and backward in a slow motion. 
Jinks heard Burke groan out “I need to sit down.” 
He turned his attention towards Burke watching the man go to a chair opposite from Janel to sit down slouching low in the chair with arms folded chin pointed towards his chest. Jinks frowned turning his eyes to Roosevelt who went to sit next to Janel which he stood with his arms folded staring at them. 
He saw Roosevelt look his way before the man spoke “Jinks, sit down, will you?”
He unfolded his arms and went to the nearest chair that was several chairs away between Roosevelt and Burke. He sat down forming a frown on his face eyes aimed at Roosevelt who appeared to have eyes aimed at Janel with some sexual look in them. He frowned seeing Janel’s eyes look at Roosevelt with a similar look in them and watched as Janel looked away to stare at the baby carriage appearing to be looking at the baby inside it. He continued to frown and looked around the room staring at the flat screen monitors in the walls that showed outside a city view that made him think of Hartford from the looks of it. Jinks heard his name spoken by Roosevelt and looked at the man. 
Roosevelt continued to speak “Something we haven’t been honest about. Burke isn’t descendant from Lance Richard, I am.” 
He widen his eyes of shock as it dawned to him of Roosevelt having all black eyed eye change ability along with powers he had sensed from the man.
He frowned staring at Roosevelt who continued to speak “I want to confess that I’m not H.I.V. positive. It’s just a lie to explain why I can’t father children through implanted or mating ways.”
Jinks narrowed his eyes as the man kept talking “You’re aware that your not entirely human and so am I. I have pieces of other Humanoid species in me that make me impossible to father children through Human females whether its by implanted or mating doesn’t matter for conceiving won’t happen.”
Jinks spoke “Hence having me mate with Janel to create the children she bore and currently carrying.”
Jinks saw Roosevelt nod his head in agreement towards his words as the man spoke “Your son with that Highlander female is being well cared for with influence from others.” 
He spoke “That Highlander female? Does she have a name and what did she name my son?”
Jinks stared at Roosevelt who spoke “Don’t worry about her. She’s of no concern.” 
He felt annoyance running through him as he spoke “Your words suggest that the Highlander female has been removed as my son’s mother.” 
Jinks saw Roosevelt’s eyes narrow with a frown appear on the man’s face. 
He heard Burke speak with whining in his tone “Oh tell him anyway. The Highlanders will make sure he’ll find out and influence him to support them.” 
Jinks looked at Burke then looked at Roosevelt who had a frown on his face with annoyance in his eyes. 
Jinks stared at Roosevelt who spoke with anger in his voice “The Highlander female has been removed from being your son’s mother which the Highlanders retaliated by sickening some Highlander group called Scotland onto us. Scotland in question has been acting like their the police policing us and making sure those with questionable practices have been put in jail with heavy jail sentences along with making sure some members with government positions have been removed from their position with no chance of being reelected again.”
Jinks sighed softly as Roosevelt paused then continued speaking “Your son was given the name of Michael by the Highlander female before she passed away, a name which we kept." 
Jinks after Roosevelt’s talk felt sleepy fell asleep head on the table on his arms. 
He woke up by phone ringing sound to discover he was on his couch in his apartment condo still wearing the clothes he got from being underneath Roosevelt’s care.
He picked up the phone speaking "Hello?"
He heard in response "It's Principal Edwards. When are you going to stop being sick and return to work?"
Jinks sighed softly and recalled the Master in control to his annoyance willed it aside and spoke "I'm much better from being sick. I'll be sure to show up ASAP."
He frowned as he heard "Fine that's all I ask. Be seeing you."
He heard the dial tone in his ear groaned softly and eyed the time discovering that he didn't have time for a shower. He sniffed himself and figured that he smelled fine so he went to make a lunch then grabbed his keys and wallet only to hear a loud meow sounding annoyed to him while in the kitchen. Jinks sighed and without a comment towards Demeter filled her food bowls of food and water then without a word towards the cat left the apartment. Jinks went to his car which he drove to the high school making sure that the Master was not in control. He arrived at the high school to see a student he recognized as Stanley Brown looking serious judging by his face standing outside his office door. 
He frowned as Stanley spoke “I want to talk to you privately.”
Jinks didn’t say a word but walked into the office followed by Stanley closing the door behind him. He went to the fridge putting away his lunch and spotted another bag full of lunch food inside it which he left in the fridge. He went to the desk and sat as Stanley dropped his backpack and sat in one of the two chairs in front of the desk. Jinks formed a questioningly look on his face and gestured with a hand towards Stanley who had a frown on his face. 
He stared at the teen who spoke “Dad’s an alcoholic.”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Stanley continued to speak “Dad arrived home drunk. Got a little rough on myself and my twin brother on Friday that someone called the police who came with Trent as we refer the police chief and arrested him. Trent there after we were checked out by medics told me and my brother to pack our bags for a month or two. He said to us that Mothers shouldn’t abandon their children at their hour of their need and told us that we were staying with him at his house.”
Jinks nodded his head at Stanley’s words as the teen kept speaking “We met our mother who seemed upset to see us after Trent had a private talk with her we overheard him talking about Dad being depressed with the world and being an alcoholic and taking out his anger on us which we have been doing to Cassidy.”
Jinks heard the bell ring shrilling its noises as Stanley paused from talking which the bell stopped ringing then the teen added “We spent the rest of the weekend having long chats with Mom, Trent and Cassidy discussing our lives and the subject of us bullying Cassidy came up which we had a lengthy discussion on that.” 
Jinks at the moment heard the phone ring held up a hand silencing Stanley who paused from talking which he picked up the phone and spoke “Jinks Montreal.” 
He heard a male voice on the line sounding familiar speaking “This is Teacher Ed Travis. Is Stanley Brown there? His brother mentioned that he was seeing you.”
Jinks spoke remembering Teacher Travis as one of his teachers when he attended the high school “Yes he’s here.” 
He paused and heard Teacher Travis speak “I’m giving out an exam today. I request Mister Brown to be there to take it. The exam is part of his grade requirements.”
Jinks spoke “I’ll send him.”
He heard Teacher Travis spoke “Thanks bye.” 
Jinks heard the dial tone and hung up the phone. 
He spoke seeing a questioningly look on the teen “Stanley that was Teacher Travis who requests you in class for an exam he’s giving that is part of your grade requirements.” 
Jinks saw Stanley nod his head before the teen got up and he spoke “Stanley see me after school if you have more to discuss.” 
He heard Stanley speak “Will do”
Jinks watched the teen go to his backpack picking it up slinging it over his shoulder and watched him leave the room gently closing the door behind him. Jinks sighed and leaned back against the chair folding his arms shutting his eyes. 
He woke up with a start when he heard the bell ring its noises which he stared at the clock discovering that the whole first period had passed and it was the two minute time period before second period. Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead shaking the cobwebs of sleep from his eyes and got up from the chair stretching his arms. He yawned abruptly to put a hand over his mouth in shock. 
He thought to himself as he recalled gobbling up food in front of Burke and sleeping passed out during school period “What’s going on with me? Why am I eating food like I’m starving and sleeping too much?”
Jinks frowned as he recalled being darted with sleeping drugs repeatedly and again thought to himself “The sleeping drugs must be still in my system hence me feeling this way. Ugh I can’t wait till I’m completely withdrawn from them.” 
He felt sleepiness hit him hard which made him again sit down in the chair and he leaned back folding his arms shutting his eyes and again heard the bell ring its noises waking him up. Jinks looked at the time to see that third period had started and resumed his sleeping only waking up whenever the bell rang at each time period till the last period is when he passed out unconscious. 
Jinks woke up with a start hearing a familiar noise ringing its noises. He felt confusion running through him with the noises as he found himself lying in his bed in his apartment clad only in underwear shorts. He frowned wondering what happened from him falling asleep in high school to find himself in bed in his apartment. He heard the doorbell ringing its noises groaned loudly and got up from the bed. He grabbed his bathrobe belting it on his form as he left the bedroom going down the stairs. He went to the front door opening it to see no one in sight but a note sticking to the screen door which he pulled off. 
He read “Package in the mailbox.”
Jinks looked at his mailbox to see a large tan rectangular envelope looking thick sticking in it. He yanked the envelope from the mailbox and went inside locking the doors and went to the couch to sit which he opened the envelope pulling out a folder stuffed with papers. 
Jinks opened the folder and found papers such as printed writing "I'm ordering for poison to be injected in a syringe with orders for sharpshooters to shoot a car’s tire flat along with orders for cutting trees to cover a car." 
He stiffened as he saw at the bottom of each paper had Burke’s signature on it but his senses blared seeing the handwriting. 
He found in handwriting "I'm calling for the execution of Lizette O'Neil. She has outlived her usefulness and should die." 
Jinks felt himself go dead reading the paper dropped it from his hands. His eyes watched the paper flutter to the floor as he felt himself in shock hitting him. He shut his eyes breathing hard through his mouth willing himself to keep calm and then opened his eyes as the Master roared within him. He got up from the couch and stormed to his bedroom to grab some clothes he exchanged with his shorts and bathrobe. He put on his dressy work uniform and went to the bathroom to brush his hair then stomped down the stairs to the kitchen where he ate some food then went to the couch’s dresser to grab his keys and wallet then left the apartment locking the door. 
His mood became foul when he spotted the kids hanging around his car who seeing him backed away. He without a word got into his car and backed up driving away. He drove the car feeling numbness hitting him and kept driving it till he reached a train station which he parked the car and got out. He used his credit card to buy a ticket and sat at the train station waiting for the train to arrive which it did and then got on the train. 
He absent mildly stared out the window his reverie broken by someone tapping on his shoulder speaking “Ticket please.”
Jinks pulled out the ticket from his pocket and held it up to feel it taken away then placed back in his hand which he placed in his pocket and continued to stare out the window. He watched the scenery as the train arrived to a train station in New York City which he got out walking out to the street and hailed a cab ordering the driver to take him to Richardson Industries’ building. He sat in the car feeling his numbness gone from him as the deadness remained. 
He stared out the window at the scenery as the cab arrived to the building and he pulled out his wallet handing the cab driver his credit card to pay for the fare which his credit card was handed back and then he got out of the car slamming the door. He stood breathing deeply through his nose and then walked inside the building going through the lobby to the elevator which he took to Burke’s office unnoticed by people around him. He entered the office floor to walk towards the double doors opening them to see Burke sitting in a chair at his desk busy typing on the computer not noticing him. 
Jinks felt anger arrived within him angrily slammed the door closed and locked it starting Burke who looked at him with surprise. He fisted his hands and marched to stand in front of Burke’s desk which Burke looked at him with a frown. 
Jinks spoke “My mother’s death, did you have anything to do with it?”
He saw nervousness appear on Burke’s face as the man spoke “No it was an accident that she died.” 
His senses blared telling him that Burke had lied willed the Master through to speak in the Master’s voice “Liar.” 
He saw fear appear in Burke’s eyes as Burke spoke with fear in his voice “It’s not your concern don’t dreg it up let the past die.” 
Jinks snarled an angry gonoid like sound as he roared “It is my concern, Burke! Tell me the truth now!”
He narrowed his eyes as Burke spoke “Please leave or I’ll call security to remove you.” 
Jinks snarled out “I received papers in the mail that told me you ordered my mother’s car accident and her death by having her poisoned by being injected with it by syringe.”
He fisted his hands placing them on the desk to lean forwards towards Burke who appeared to shake visibly. 
Jinks spoke “Now tell me the truth, Burke. What did you do to my mother?”
He kept his eyes on Burke whose hands darted towards the phone which he uncurled a hand waving it while mentally ordering paralysis to hit Burke’s upper body who’s hands dropped onto the desk as if heavy. 
Jinks spoke seeing the fear become dominant on Burke’s face “My mother, tell me what you did to her now.”
He stared at Burke who spoke with fear heard in his voice “I ordered what the papers you said received in the mail.” 
Jinks growled out despite his lying sense went off abruptly he ignored it “Why?”
He straightened his form to fold his arms as Burke gasped out a painful cry then spoke “She outlived her usefulness as a parent to care for your son who had reached an adult legal age which he didn’t need parenting anymore.” 
Jinks unfolded his arms and waved a hand freeing Burke from his paralysis. He saw Burke’s hands dart towards the phone held up a hand aimed at the man’s throat and curled it mentally ordering Burke to choke. Jinks saw Burke’s eyes go wide as his hands went to his throat while choking loudly. 
He leaned his form forwards and spoke “You will pay for causing my mother’s death. I will see to it for your now dead to me.” 
He uncurled his hand to mentally order Burke to stop choking who gasped loudly gulping air then pointed a finger at the man curling his hand into a fist waving it towards him then turned walking towards the door as he heard a knocking sound on it. He willed the Master away as he reached the door unlocking it which opened showing Teague who looked surprised seeing him which he without a word walked out of the office heading towards the elevator which he took down to the building’s entrance. 
He walked out of the building and hailed a cab getting inside which he ordered to the cab driver to take him to the train station. He leaned back in the seat eyes staring out the window. 
His reverie was broken by the cab driver "We have arrived to the train station so pay up now Sir."
Jinks pulled out his credit card and paid the fare then left the cab walking into the train station. He again paid for his ticket and waited standing with arms folded as the train arrived and he got in it to sit next to a window eyes staring out. He continued to stare out the window as the train started moving out of New York City. 
His thoughts were broken by someone tapping him on the shoulder requesting his ticket which he held up and felt it examined before he put it away in his pocket. 
Jinks felt tears flow from his eyes as he weep for the loss of his mother while getting memories of her within his mind. He cried struggling not to cry out loud as the tears flowed blurring his eyes sight as the train continued its journey. 
He heard the announcer speaking that they had arrived in Connecticut at a train station remained on the train knowing it wasn’t the station he used to get on the train. He sat and wiped his eyes as the train continued its journey then stopped at a train station he recognized as the one he used which he got off and walked to the parking lot to his car which he got inside. 
He brought his arms on the steering wheel to lean his head on them shutting his eyes and found himself standing on a beach wearing twin to Lance Richard's clothing but in color black he felt to the touch with a familiar male he recognized as Lance facing him. 
Jinks saw Lance facing him with a look of disapproval in his eyes and face expression despite displaying blue eyes. Jinks frowned as Lance continued to stare at him with the look still on his face and eyes the male indicated he wanted him to speak something. 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Burke Richardson who I was led to believe to be my father ordered my mother’s death. Proof was the paperwork I received in the mail in his handwriting ordering everything. His reasons when confronted was that I had reached an adult age which I didn’t need parenting by her anymore had her killed off.”
Jinks paused from talking as Lance’s eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him which the memory of him mentally choking Burke and his words of telling the man that he would pay for his mother’s death and that he was dead to him flashed in his mind. He sighed as he saw the glare in Lance’s eyes become more glaring which he figured out what Lance wanted groaned softly. 
Jinks spoke “I sort of use my abilities to choke Burke and told him that he would pay for my mother’s death along with saying that he was dead to me.” 
He frowned as Lance gave a head bob towards him with the glare still remaining as the male spoke “I’m disappointed, Jinks that you didn’t bother to ask me to do the punishment towards Burke Richardson which I was aware of what was done to your mother.” 
Jinks groaned softly as Lance continued with disapproval in his voice despite the cruel tone “Next time Jinks you want someone punished ask me to do it for you. I’m more powerful than you think and my powers are quite vast more powerful than your power abilities.”
Jinks nodded his head as Lance reached a hand covering his eyes forcing them closed and he found himself back in his car head on his arms on top of the steering wheel while hearing a rapping sound on the glass window. He shook his head and looked up on his left to see a man wearing a uniform of a security guard who looked concern on his face. 
Jinks sighed and rolled down the window to stare at the security guard who spoke “Are you alright mister? Saw you looking like you were about to pass out walking to your car and looked like you did that once in the car.” 
He spoke “I’m alright I guess I had a bad day.”
He saw the security guard nod his head and the man spoke “Well get yourself home you hear and go to bed if you need it.” 
Jinks nodded his head as the security guard walked away. He backed the car and drove out of the train station’s parking lot driving towards Wethersfield struggling to not be distracted by his mind jumbling its thoughts. He reached the apartment complex in Wethersfield and parked the car. He got out walking to his apartment and frowned seeing an envelope sticking out of his mailbox which he took out and let himself inside the apartment. He locked the door behind him and pulled out several sheets of papers appearing to be a written letter. 
He read the letter "We are taking legal action towards your nasty behavior towards the kids in the neighborhood. The kids told their parents who told the police that you used karate to knock them out. We told that you stuck one of them underneath your car driving over them breaking their leg. It's an action that we are now consulting a lawyer to have you pay for the kid’s medical bills along with seeing that you’ll be evicted and banned from living at the apartment complex again. "
Jinks felt his mood foul as he crumbled up the letter with his hand and tossed it aside he recalling "Blast the kids hanging around the car must have purposely brought their leg underneath the car causing me to break it. I do recall going over a bump when driving and hearing some crunch noise I didn't pay attention to." 
He looked around the apartment and thought to himself “I think I should leave. I don’t think I can stand living here anymore since Burke owns the apartment. I don’t think I can forgive him for what he did to my mother not for a long time.” 
Jinks sighed and went up the stairs spotting his large suitcase which he yanked opened drawers pulling out clothing and tossing them onto the bed along with grabbing his bathrobe and sweatpants. He went to the suitcase and opened it wide them began stuffing clothes into it along with yanking his clothes and shoes from the closet into the suitcase. He looked around and found his sneakers underneath the tall dresser which he pulled out and put in the suitcase. He forced the suitcase closed and dragged it out of the bedroom to pause peering into the guest bedroom which his eyes fell on a dresser. He dropped the suitcase and went to the dresser opening a drawer see it filled with candles and lighters which he picked up two each with his hand and slammed the drawer closed.
He carried the items to his suitcase putting them away into a suitcase pocket and then went into the bathroom to grab his hairbrush then looked in the laundry hamper to see it was empty then stuffed the hairbrush into the suitcase. He hauled the suitcase down the stairs to the living room leaving it there and went to the couch to sit pulling out the phone book which he leafed through it eyes searching. 
His eyes found a listing for apartments finding an address for Mountain Laurel apartment complex near the Rocky Hill town's border which he dialed the management’s number and waited patiently as a voice got on the line speaking “Scotland, how may I help you?”
Jinks stiffened at the word Scotland spoke “I would like to get an apartment in the Mountain Laurel complex to live in.” 
He paused as he heard silence on the line frowned hearing clicking noises which made him nervous followed by the male voice speaking “There’s several apartments available. Which one do you prefer, a ground floor or upper floor?”
Jinks spoke without hesitation “Upper floor. Do you allow pets? I have a cat.” 
He heard Demeter’s meow sounding confused as he looked over at the suitcase to see her sniffing it with her nose. 
Jinks sigh hearing nothing on the line but more clicking noises that began to bother him till the male voice spoke again “We have several upper apartments available and we allow pets. Please come to the complex at two o'clock in the afternoon and someone will meet you there to show you them which you can chose one at your own choice.” 
He spoke “Ok.”
He frown hearing the male voice speaking “Thank you for your call.” 
Jinks heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and eyed the cat which he got up walking to the hallway guided by his instincts to peer into the closet seeing a cat carrier inside along with a duffle bag which he took both out by the handles. He hauled them both to the living room as Demeter walked up to his leg and began rubbing her form against it. He put down the carrier and duffle bag and lifted up Demeter who yowled an annoyed sound which he thrust her into the carrier locking her inside. 
He went to the couch’s dresser to yank out paperwork and stuffed them in the duffle bag along with putting in the books on cat care. 
Sighing he heard Demeter meow with annoyance in her tone as he went to the kitchen to look in the fridge which he saw was nearly empty of food which he looked in cupboards and found a garbage bag dispenser which he took out. He stuffed the remaining food and drink into the garbage bag along with emptying Demeter’s food bowls into the bag and went to the half bathroom to empty Demeter’s litter box into the garbage bag and once done hauled it out of the apartment to the dumpster which he tossed in. 
He walked back into his apartment and went to the kitchen grabbing Demeter’s food and water bowls which he washed in the sink then took them along with the mat underneath them to the living room to stuff in the duffle bag. He took out the remaining cat food from the cupboards and stuffed them in the duffle bag. 
He went to the half bathroom to look again and found a bag of litter remained which he hauled out and stuffed it in the duffle bag zipping it shut. 
Jinks sighed eyeing the time and went to the suitcase grabbing it which he hauled out of the apartment to his car putting it in the back seat then went back to the condo to grab Demeter in the cat carrier and the duffle bag which he took out to the porch. 
Jinks locked the door and undid the key chain holding the keys to the apartment and stuffed it in the mailbox then picked up the duffle bag and Demeter in the cat carrier and walked to his car. 
Jinks' senses blared warning as he did his travels to and from his car which he ignored. He placed the cat carrier on the passenger seat and put the duffle bag in the back on top of the suitcase then got in the car and backed out driving away from the apartment complex. 
It took him several tries till he found the Mountain Laurel apartment complex which he saw were low buildings in a semi circle surrounding a set of four in a circle in the middle of it. He drove around then went across the street to the grocery and retail store combination super store to park the car in the parking lot. 
Jinks leaned back in the seat eyes staring at the people wandering around the parking lot which he shifted his eyes to the car time piece seeing it was thirty minutes pass the time he last checked an hour and a half to go. Sighing he shut his eyes only to open them feeling himself too wide awake to sleep. 
He looked at the people absent mildly and then again shifted his eyes towards the time piece and sighed loudly seeing it was ten minutes pass the previous time he last checked. Groaning his stomach rumbled its hungry sound which he got out of the car and slammed the door shut and walked to the super store going inside. He wandered around aisles exploring the store looking at things with half and interest till he reached the food section of the store which perked up his interest. He looked around the food section and took a kid’s lunch already made meal and went to the self serve cash register to buy it then carried it out to the car. 
Jinks sat on the hood and opened the carton tearing at the plastic holding the food and drink and began to eat it satisfying his hunger. He saw a trash can next to an overhead light pole nearby his car which he went to tossing out the food and drink then paused as he realized that he had forgotten to pack his alarm clock, towels, soap and shampoo. Rubbing a hand on his forehead he went into the store and grabbed a cart going to aisles to look for the desired items which he would place in the cart. 
Once done he went to a self serve check out and brought his items bagging them then carried them to the car to see a security truck sitting in front with a man wearing a uniform peering into the car through the passenger window with concern on his face. 
Jinks spoke “Sir, Can I help you? It’s my car.” 
Jinks stared at the man who looked up to look at him before speaking “Mister would you show me the gonoid you got in the car please?”
He nodded his head unlocking the car through the driver’s side and tossed in the bags full of items then went around the passenger side opening the door for the security guy to peer. He watched as the man squatted peering at Demeter in the cat carrier who mewed a sound sounding like she was sleepy. He frowned as the security guy peered at Demeter then straightened up his form. 
Jinks frowned as the security guy thrust out his Taser gun shooting him into the front knocking him out. He saw reverence in the male's eyes aimed at him as he passed out unconscious.
Jinks came to feeling Demeter sitting on top of his chest by her purring vibrations felt and fur felt onto his skin. He found himself no longer clad in his clothes but wearing only his underwear shorts while feeling pain all over himself. He groaned loudly from the pain to feel Demeter's rough tongue licking his chin and heard her meowing sounding panicky to him. 
Jinks frowned jerked open his eyes to get up from the bed to peer out the window he following Demeter to the window overlooking the fenced backyard. Jinks frowned to find a flash of red he saw a kid appearing to look like a male looking panicky to him running towards his fenced backyard and pulling onto the gate that was locked. 
Jinks spoke to himself ignoring that Demeter could hear him "Not my problem."
He went back to the bed only to hear Demeter yowl sounding more panicky to groan going back to the window to find her source of panic. He found a small gonoid appearing to be on the size of a large dog with fanged teeth following the kid and was appearing to try to bite. He stiffened seeing the kid climbing the fence and kicking onto the gonoid he recognized as a small dinosaur that was only targeting manoids due to an injury to its legs as food. 
Jinks groaned softly as he without a word darted towards his clothes putting on sweats and rugby top and his sneakers ignoring the socks. He ran downstairs to the fenced yard only to hear a faint crash sound that suspiciously sounded of the basement doors outside getting split apart. 
Jinks darted into the backyard to find parts of the fence were smashed as he spotted fingers coming from one end where the basement doors were. He climbed the fence and without a word found the kid was still clingy to the fence as he found the wooden basement doors smashed apart. Jinks reached over the fence and grabbed the kid shocking him with a gasp. He yanked the kid without protest over the fence and got him inside his apartment. 
Jinks heard from the kid "Dinosaur got inside your apartment via basement door! I saw it fell into the door smashing it!"
He sighed hearing the voice sounded female to him which he without a word got her and himself out of the apartment he forgetting Demeter inside. 
He found the female grabbed his arm and spoke "Come with me to my Mother's while we get help for your residence."
Jinks obeyed to follow her letting go of his arm to her Mother's residence. He didn't say a word as an older female answered the door at the doorbell ringing looking annoyed. 
He frowned as the older female spoke "Shira! What's going on?!"
Jinks frowned as Shira he assumed was the kid's name spoke in a rush "Dinosaur appearing to look injured chased me to his residence! It fell through the basement door and got inside his apartment! Call gonoid control now!"
Jinks spoke calmly as the older female gave him a glare "She's telling the truth on that Ma'am."
He didn't say a word as the female spoke "Come inside now."
He obeyed to find the female ordering "Shira go to your room and stay there now!"
Jinks frowned as Shira spoke "But Mom-"
Shira was heard interrupted "Just go now! I don't want to see you around till this situation is solved!"
Jinks frowned finding Shira obeying which he went to sit down on the couch. He listened to the female calling herself Marge speaking on the phone calling for gonoid control to check on a dinosaur gonoid trapped in his residence. 
He frowned as Marge spoke towards him "Do you have any residence gonoids living with you?"
He stiffened when he recalled his cat to speak "My cat Demeter. I forgot to get her out."
He heard from Marge "He has a cat as his residence gonoid. Let me ask him."
Jinks frowned as she spoke addressing him "Is your cat currently residing in your apartment indoors or allowed into the yard?"
He spoke firmly "She's indoors only. I don't allow her into the yard."
Jinks frowned as Marge continued onto the phone followed by her hanging up and giving him a glare of accusation in her eyes.
Jinks spoke firmly "It was my cat that alerted me from a nap of this gonoid chasing your daughter. I saw that happened while looking out the window Demeter yowling me to look. I managed to get Shira as you refer her to safety. It was she who told me of the dinosaur gonoid being into my basement after I got her safety inside my residence."
He formed a glare in response while glaring at Marge who spoke "There's an incident regarding one kid's leg broken. Do you know anything on that?"
Jinks spoke firmly "Sorry I can't be much help in that matter. I know nothing of that actually."
Marge he glared at in response spoke "I got a bad feeling when Shira complained to me about a neighbor pointed out as you breaking a kid, a friend of hers' leg. The feeling wouldn’t go away even after Shira pointed out you responsible. Then later when going out to throw out the garbage saw some members of a cult by their clothes looking twinning that have taken residence in the neighborhood out and about." 
Jinks stiffened hearing that as he frowned as she continued "I threw the garbage out and then felt compelled to talk to the cult members. I politely told them in response to their talk of the kids pulling a prank of having themselves faked punched and leg purposely broken by a distracted driver that the kids were perfect in school. 
'There was no reason for them to do the pranks' I said to them. 
I was cut off by one of them telling me 'Kids perfect in school would need an outlet to break the rules.' 
I got the bad feeling and then the cult members walked away leaving me realizing that something was seriously wrong here. 
I followed the members who tried to chase me off from following. I wound up demanding to them to show their evidence that the kids are doing prank including the incident of leg broken. They looked at each other and went into some hand language I figured is sign language but didn’t understand a word they said while glaring at them." 
He heard the doorbell ringing to frown getting from Marge "Excuse me."
He didn't say a word as he heard a loud meow got up with a start to find a police officer holding Demeter at the door by the back of her neck she looking annoyed. Jinks sighed and took Demeter from the officer to go sit onto the couch while putting the cat onto his lap. He felt Demeter shake while digging her claws into his thighs he ignored the feeling to focus onto the cop who had followed him into the apartment. 
He frowned as the cop spoke "I received multiple emergency calls of a dinosaur gonoid seen chasing a kid around the neighborhood while holding something like a stick in hand having food at the end."
Jinks heard from Marge in response the familiar gibberish words he recognized Makeda spoken them in front of him he recalled that Elk spoken them in front of him while punching his mother to his shock. 
He frowned as the cop spoke "Excuse me Ma'am. I found the cat sniffing around the front door to your residence with door shut. I'm rather confused to how she got out. She gave me resistance to being picked up hence I having to carry her by scruff off the back of her neck. It's the safest spot for avoiding a cat's claws that can scratch skin."
Jinks frowned giving Demeter a rub on her back only to hear a meow sounding annoyed he figured was her speak for "Don't pet me. I hurt there."
He eyed the cop that took leave of the apartment only to hear Marge slamming the door with a bang sound. He frowned while eyeing Marge that again gave up her familiar gibberish making him annoyed. Jinks willed forwards the Master and gave Marge a glare who noticed his eyes' change gulped and cut her language uses. 
Jinks felt Demeter had stopped shaking Marge kept talking "After a lengthy hand talk the three cult members led me to an apartment. The three cult members led me inside and I saw a hung on a wall tapestry of a crowned man with your facial appearance on it."
Jinks again stiffened from Marge's words as she continued speaking "I don't particularly care to know what's going on with you anyway. 
As for the cult members they told me to watch the TV which one put in a recorder in the player. I saw an overhead view of Shira opening a gated fence and tossing in her backpack in the yard then running away. The recorder showed an overhead view of a neighbor's front door I know is Jerry Birdie's apartment. It was showing myself and Shira come onto the porch ringing the doorbell. It showed myself and Shira telling Jerry about Shira’s backpack in his yard. He disappeared from view and the recorder showed him entering his yard picking up Shira’s backpack and walking back inside again to the front door handing her the backpack and I taking my daughter by the ear and walking away." 
Jinks frowned as Marge continued to talk "I had asked them about kids getting wet by a water hose and claiming Jerry sprayed them with it. The cult member took out the recorder and went to a bookcase full of recorders and started yanking some out looking at them and putting them back. This happened before taking a recorder and putting it in the player. I saw an over head night vision view appearing to be from underneath one of the windows showing the kids hooking up the hose and making holes in it with a pocket knife then hauling it to Jerry's front door. I saw the view changed to show Jerry answering the door. 
Jerry telling the kids 'You really should verbally be telling me that you don’t like me instead of your ridiculous jokes.'
That included Jerry holding up his hands when the hose was aimed at him. The camera switched to show the water hose erupted water through the holes wetting the kids. Then changed to show Jerry slamming the door and then blinked to the kids who appeared to burst out laughing before unhooking the hose and walking out of sight." 
Marge added "The female member of the group went out of sight into the hallway. I heard a closet door slam followed by the female walking into the living room holding a rolled up hose.
She speaking 'It's the hose the kids used some members caught throwing out in the dumpster. We thinking that the kids were up to no good took it out as evidence.'
I managed to examine the hose. I felt had holes in it. The female produced a pocket knife identical to the one the kids used and demonstrated the knife making a hole in the hose. 
I then asked 'Have you shown your evidence to the other parents?'
I was told 'The parents have refused our efforts to come into our apartment and see the recordings. The parents have insisted that their kids are innocent party and Jerry was not. We have already contacted Chief Trent by showing him the evidence on recordings and the parents' refusal to view them. Trent has said to them that he’s working on getting the parents to the station to view the recordings. He mentions that he has to lie on making the parents think they caught your car breaking a kid's leg'."
Jinks heard Marge raise her voice to normal tone speaking “After the neighbors showed me the recordings video surveillance of the kids doing the pranks. After I got home from work I confronted Shira after she got home from school about that. That while telling her that I had seen video evidence of her and her friends doing the pranks and blaming it on you and a neighbor. 
At first she tried to deny doing the pranks but I made it clear that that the neighborhood was under video surveillance as proven by the neighbors. I took her to the apartment as before and rang the doorbell. They answered the door and I requested them to show Shira what they showed me which they did showing every single one of the pranks done by the kids on several recordings. This included the prank of a kid purposely allowing his leg to be broken by a car driven over it."
He exhaled a breath to feel Demeter settle onto his lap into a rumbling vibration as Marge kept talking "Shira didn’t say anything about it but once we were in home we got in an argument about her and her friends treating you and a neighbor poorly with pranks. She kept insisting that the recordings were computer rigged and I kept insisting that they were not. I added during the argument that I will have her go to your apartment and apologize and admit to you of being responsible for the prank of a kid's broken leg. Shira got angry yelled at me that you were a creepy guy and deserved to move out before running out of the apartment.”
Jinks heard Demeter yowl an annoyed tone which he recognized sounded like the cat at the Zesky Hospital figured out to himself that Shira was eavesdropping on their talk. 
He petted Demeter as Marge continued to speak “I realized from Shira’s outburst some time after she ran out that she and her friends were viewing Jerry Birdie and now you as creepy. I figured that was why they were doing the pranks a tactic to get you to move out which had worked before with a previous neighbor being blamed for doing the pranks.”
He didn't say a word as Marge paused to look away from him appearing to be aimed at the stairs then looked at him while speaking “I’m told by Shira that a neighbor she found creepy was a male named Ted who turned out to be the same man that stole my car and revealed to be a drug addict who wanted money to keep fueling his nasty habit.”
He willed aside the Master while noticing Marge’s glare as Marge added “Shira talked while sick with a fever confessed that she and her friends were doing the pranks because they found you and several neighbors creepy by appearance. They had done that before to Ted who they also saw the same view."
He heard Marge give off a harrumph sound and saw her looking at the stairwell which she spoke in a louder tone of voice “I’ll see that Shira comes by your apartment escorted by me in her friends’ presence to apologize for doing kid's broken leg prank. 
I will make sure that her friends are aware of that the neighborhood is under video surveillance and that I have seen evidence of them doing the pranks. 
I also will make it clear to their teachers at school to give them detention each time they do a prank on you or anyone else here in this apartment complex. I find that the prank behavior is not acceptable for the kids to do as an outlet from being perfect in school and will make sure that their punished for that.”
Jinks didn't comment as the doorbell rang which Marge went to answer the door and he heard voice saying "Gonoid control has the gonoid and is busy attending to it while in process of releasing it in the swamp across the street for there the gonoid is a wild gonoid and should remain in the wild." 
Jinks didn't comment again comment but picked up Demeter who didn’t protest being held and he followed Murphy he saw was the speaker out to his apartment. He went inside to see the rug had messy sludge on it and put Demeter down who ran to underneath the armchair and didn’t come out. He cleaned up the mess by wiping it with rug cleaner and paper towels. He examined the basement to see there’s sludge puddles on the floor that are slowly drying which he left alone and went back upstairs and locked the basement door. 
He heard the doorbell ring answers it to see a cult member in army gear that fired a dart hitting him in the chest knocking him out. 
Jinks woke up lying in the swamp used his instincts to walk out to the apartment complex to his condo which he rang the doorbell and an army guy answered it which he felt annoyed to see. He was forced inside and saw Burke sitting at the dining table chair accompanied with two other army men one who looks at him with a glare. 
Burke he noticed seemed nervous seeing him which he didn’t say a word as they hear a loud roaring noise from outside followed by banging on the front door. 
One of the army men goes to the front door and comment "Some gonoid is banging on it." 
Burke ordered heard "Get him to stand in the yard now!"
He was forced to the yard and he realized what the gonoid he sensed wanted which he figured "It's a female who had offspring in my basement." 
Jinks knocked on the glass part of the sliding door which opened and he mentioned his theory to Burke and men. He was insisted inside and forced to go down the basement which he saw four small dog sized gonoids who get up while shaking their forms and got hit from behind on the head from the army man’s gun.
He heard remarks "Simon is the master." 
As he hit the floor yelled "Lance help!" 
He saw an overhead view of himself changing into Lance complete with the crown and clothes get up who got up walking to the basement door. The gonoids act like friendly dogs towards him as Lance opens the door to the cellar. The gonoids run out then Lance closed the cellar door then goes back into the basement shutting the door followed by going back to the floor and body changed into himself. Jinks saw Lance appear besides him putting hands on his head rubbing then form faded from view. 
Jinks woke up feeling head pain gone and went upstairs to the basement door which he used mental powers to unlock and opened it quietly. 
He heard remark "Simon is the Master." 
Jinks heard the words spoken by Burke while hearing the other men agree with him. He felt annoyance hearing that opened the basement door to slam it shut very loudly and locked it. Then darted into the closet to see an army man walk into view peering at the door which he watched as the man opened the door and closed it very loudly. 
He walked out of the closet to tap the man on the shoulder who turns around with confusion in his face. Jinks mentally put the man to sleep and haul the man’s body into the closet and hid himself in the bathroom. He patiently waited as another army man went to the basement door opening it and closing it then darted out of the hallway. He darted into the kitchen to jump onto the table flattening himself to the wall and heard the sound of guns cocking followed by closet and bathroom doors slamming open. 
He heard the sound of one of the army men’s remarking "There’s a Knight snoozing in the closet!" 
He frowned to the term Knight to hear a groaning noise and heard a new voice speak "I was tired and decided to sleep in the closet." 
He heard a third voice sounding annoyed with irritation he recognizes as the one who hit him from behind say "Jinks is around here somewhere."
The sleeping army man heard yelling "I fell asleep in the closet!" 
He felt a little confused about. 
He heard Burke’s voice yell from the living room "I'm demanding to know what’s going on!" 
He listened as the army men go into the living room with the one who hits him on the head started yelling "Jinks! You're to show yourself or I’ll shoot the cat!"
Jinks heard Demeter yowls loudly in an angry voice tone. 
He heard Burke "Leave the cat alone. It's a dumb useless gonoid. You shouldn’t shoot it." 
He listened as Burke and army man get into an argument about the cat and heard Demeter’s irritated yowl followed by a gunshot sound.
Jinks heard Burke yell with a groaning tone “You idiot! You didn’t have to shoot me! Leave the damn gonoid alone! It’s stupid!” 
He heard silence from Burke who’s talk is cut off with a loud groan noise and heard the army man speak "The others such as you should search for the cat and shoot it." 
He heard “Here Kitty.” 
It's repeated over and over while hearing one army man remark "I'm going upstairs." 
He felt a hand touching his shoulder looks to see no one there but the hand’s touch is still on his shoulder. Demeter jumped onto the table from running from the hallway onto his shoulder and sits on him while shaking. Jinks figured that she’s nervous and wants him to comfort her. He felt the hand is restraining him keeping him in his position which he touched his shoulder and felt nothing but his shoulder felt the hand’s touch which he is feeling a little confused about. 
He heard one of the army men is nearing the kitchen allowed the Master through as the army man who he recognizes as the one he put to sleep walked into the kitchen. The male saw him with wide eyes but doesn’t say anything and walked out going another entrance to the living room. 
Jinks heard the same man "I'm insisting on helping Burke with the bullet wound." 
He heard the army man who hit him demand to army man he put to sleep "Have you seen the cat?" 
He heard the sleeping army man saying "I haven’t seen the cat. It's hiding underneath some furniture which shooting it will make it impossible." 
He heard the hit him army man growl loudly by then spoke out loud demanding "Simon I calls as Master Simon to help us find the cat and Jinks who is in the apartment." 
He heard the sleeping army man chime in saying "The Master should help us with Burke who appears to be knocked out from being shot in the leg." 
Jinks heard silence from the living room followed by the doorbell ringing which he felt himself still restrained as the hit him army man remarks "I'm answering the door." 
Jinks heard the door sound opening followed by the army man yelling “Go away sell your products elsewhere Highlander!” followed by the door slamming shut.
Jinks again heard from the living room the hit him army man grumble loudly "I should have shot that Highlander dead. Like I did with a female Highlander in some park and stole her child off her stroller in the process and walked away with the kid rumored to be fathered by the Master." 
Jinks felt himself go numb hearing that but felt himself still restrained by the hand on his shoulder along with Demeter digging her claws into his other shoulder remained in his position. 
He mentally called “Lance shouldn’t you be doing something to help Burke and stopping those men?” 
He frowned as there’s silence mentally commented to himself “Who’s the ghost that got a hand on my shoulder?” 
He heard a voice with panic in tone yelling “Master Lance Richard!” followed by groaning noises. 
Jinks frown hearing Burke's voice as he heard the hit him army man speak "I'm annoyed at you for calling for Lance Richard, Master when there’s no such person but just some made up King-" 
He is interrupted by Burke yelling “You’re an idiot to believe in that crook Simon as the Master! Jinks Montreal is the real deal not that buffoon-” 
Burke cut off by hit him army man speaking "I’ll shoot you in the other leg if you won’t shut up." 
Jinks mentally speak “What am I supposed to be doing besides being here listening to their conversation?” 
Silence answered him but continued to hear the hit him army man speak "Shame on Burke for his words. I'm calling them insulting. I'm emphasizing that Simon is the Master." 
Burke yelled “Go ahead and shoot me in the other leg! I don’t give a damn! Simon is a crook while Jinks Montreal is not!” 
It made him wonder what is going on with Burke himself as there’s silence. 
The doorbell ring heard the sleeping army man say "I’ll get it!" 
Jinks heard multiple sounds of glass breaking followed by loud coughing sounds as he spotted smoke pouring from the living room into the kitchen and still found himself still restrained and heard the front door open. 
He remained where he is till a figure wearing army combat gear and an oxygen mask on the face walked into the room seeing him which he sensed the hand is off him along with the Master being willed away. 
Jinks is gestured by the army combat person to get off the table and outside by the person’s gun gestures which he obeyed with Demeter still clinging to him with her claws. He went outside to see ambulance crew is there attending to Burke who appeared to be out unconscious operating on his leg. The three army men are sitting in a row looking out of it with two Highlanders wearing identical army outfits standing with glares aimed at the hit him army man who like the other army men are busy coughing and shaking their heads. 
Jinks saw one of the Highlanders look his way and remark loudly pointing to hit him army man "He shot her on Simon’s orders and took her child in the process." 
Jinks didn’t comment felt the numbness going away which is followed by annoyance hitting him as he glared at the hit him army man while folding his arms. He felt disgust hitting him as police officers arrive and arrest the hit him army man by putting cuffs on him and reads him his Miranda rights while hauling him groaning loudly away. 
He felt a syringe injected into his neck shocking him and found himself passing out unconscious.
Jinks woke up via a phone blaring loudly. 
He picked up the phone to hear "Janel very heavy expecting was on a small plane that fell off the radar near Wolf’s Howl, New York!" 
He listened as Roosevelt the voice's speaker spoke with panic in voice tone "Searchers found the plane by tracking its signal in a dangerous filled with bad gonoids forest near the town and Janel wasn’t inside it! They found signs that a Human pulled her from the wreckage and tried to track till a snow storm arrived hitting the area wiping all tracks and the storm got so bad that they had to cancel the search! 
The searchers are having trouble finding the Human and Janel because of being attacked repeatedly by gonoids that are hindering their efforts and they received injuries from the attacks which they have called off the search and has refused my pleading to do more searching-" 
Jinks interrupted "Was Janel was wearing my diamond ring?" 
He heard Roosevelt speak with confusion in his voice "She has repeatedly refused my efforts to get that ring off her finger by demanding that she’ll wear it." 
Jinks spoke "I can track that ring from anywhere. It’s my cue to find Janel assuming she’s still wearing it." 
He went silent as Roosevelt speaks "On Master Lance Richard’s orders I have already sent a car which will drive you to a local airport to a helicopter that will take you to the area where the plane was for you to find Janel. The driver is told to ring your doorbell to announce the car here." 
Jinks found his senses blare warning abruptly as before he could speak Roosevelt hang up interrupting him. He got up and walked to the bedroom looking in drawers and finds winter gear such as boots and thermals. Jinks took off his clothes leaving his underwear on and put on the thermals then put on the jeans and the boots then two long sleeve tops followed by seeing that he doesn’t have a hat or gloves or a coat.
Jinks figured "I’ll ask the driver for them." 
He heard the doorbell ring went to the door to see a Highlander wearing a driver’s uniform there which he walked out and followed to the car. 
Highlander indicated once he was inside "The boxes in the car is stuff for you to use." 
Jinks opened the boxes while in the sedan and found a backpack full of hiking provisions along with a winter snow coat that has a signal device implanted in it. He felt from examining and hat and gloves along with ski goggles that are warm to him. Jinks put on his form and sat waiting as the car went to a small airport where there is a helicopter waiting. He took the backpack and went to the helicopter that flew him to the forest in New York and let him off in a field and flew away. He heard gonoid roaring noises that sound like dinosaurs sounding in the forest. 
Jinks asked "Lance about how to keep myself safe from the gonoids?" 
He got the Master blown through him and felt a weird feeling which he can’t identify it but tracks the ring through the forest while sensing himself watched by gonoids who don’t make an appearance. He tracked the ring till the sun is nearly low in the sky to a wooden cabin in the forest and saw Human tracks around it which he went to the door and knocked on it.
It opened to show a Human male bearded waving a shotgun "You get inside!" 
He got inside to see Janel lying on a bed looking like she’s unconscious and saw how far along she is and recognized that she’s injured from the plane crash. 
The Human male speaking in a crazy tone orders him "You to give me your backpack!" 
Jinks obeyed to go to Janel to sit putting her on his lap. He watched as the Human male riffled through his backpack while sensing that the Human is sick in the head from the male talking to himself repeatedly referring himself as a female. 
He sensed that Janel needed medical help to survive picks her up and carried her to the door walking outside. 
He saw a giant dinosaur appearing to look flesh eater to him via teeth seen, lumber by him appearing to not notice him and heard a crashing wood breaking sound behind him as he walked towards the forest while hearing the crazy man yell in terror along with gun shot sounds. He went into the forest and is met by cougar that indicated to him to follow which he obeyed as night fell and he followed the cougar that led him to a river which cougar stopped. 
A giant Human sized hawk bird dubbed Karen's Hawk is seen sitting on the river bank that fly into the air and felt bird claws on his shoulders that lift him up flying him above the forest. He tightened his hold holding Janel. 
He is flown to the middle of a town with buildings scattered around and placed on the green then the hawk flies away as the Master is willed away from him. He spotted one of the buildings say police station went to it going inside to see a female looking older than him wearing a cop uniform with tan skin and blue eyes and long black hair pulled back sitting at a desk reading a book appearing to be a romance novel that took him a bit to get her attention. 
She, he saw acted startled gets up from the desk speaking in an accent that tells him that she’s deaf and watches her dart into a doorway and comes out with a white man looking old as she is who’s name plate reads Jordan who called the female Anastia. 
He saw her name plate say "Stonehawk." 
Jordan ordered to Anastia "You're to bring them to the medical bay while I’ll call for the hospital helicopter." 
He followed her through a doorway to up the stairs to a room where there is medical equipment scattered around it and laid Janel on a bed and held her hand as Anastia fiddled with some medical equipment examining her. He felt impatient to get Janel help and is rewarded when paramedics arrive into the room that examine Janel and he helped them haul her out to the helicopter. 
"You get inside." He heard from a paramedic which he obeyed and it flew to Albany the capital landing on a hospital building and Janel is rushed inside. 
He once out of the helicopter inside the waiting room asked the receptionist "I want to make a phone call."
He called for an operator to Washington D.C. and spoke "I want to contact Roosevelt Knight and needs Roosevelt’s phone number." 
The operator he heard spoke "I’ll put you through." 
Roosevelt picked up at the second ring saying his name.
Jinks spoke "I've found Janel and had her brought to the hospital in Albany, New York. I'm currently there while they are examining her." 
He heard gasps from Roosevelt who spoke "I’ll be there at the first available transport to the city once I ties up some things at my current location." 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and went to sit down waiting.
Jinks sat in the waiting room waiting seemingly lengthy as a medical doctor arrived asking "Mister Knight?" 
He got up speaking "I'm Jinks Montreal the guy who brought Janel Knight into here. I already contacted her husband." 
The doctor spoke 'We detected injuries in Janel and the baby in distress. We had to take the baby a girl out to attend to Janel’s injuries. The baby girl is in the neonatal unit being attended to. The baby girl appears to be healthy but their giving her a very through medical examination along with watching her for signs of medical problems that might show up a bit later." 
Jinks nod his head and resumed sitting down. He sat waiting lengthy till he felt an odd feeling hitting him he confused to what it was to hear footsteps rapid fired paced heading towards him along with light shows. He frowned to look off his right to find Roosevelt arriving into view accompanied by presses gathered around him. 
Jinks felt annoyance take hold he realizing "The feeling is of myself being filmed."
He found Roosevelt ignored him even when he stood up to hold out his hand in some hand shake method by breezing by him. He felt annoyance take hold while finding one of the presses giving him a smirk in his direction while walking by him. 
Jinks felt himself annoyed figured to himself "I might as well go home."
He went to the receptionist to speak "Excuse me Ma'am. I want to use your phone to call for a cab. I have no transportation."
He got the receptionist giving him a glare of annoyance in response followed by her speaking "Don't bother I'll do the calling for you Sir. Just go to the front entrance to the hospital and wait for a cab to arrive."
Jinks obeyed to find himself standing out in the cold as the sun went down after a lengthy time period finding no cabs arriving to his annoyance. 
Jinks felt himself annoyed heard a car horn sounding annoyed to find a cab driven by a Highlander arrived into view. He got inside to find the Highlander without a word driving him out of the hospital's grounds and took a fast paced route to New York City instead of driving him to Connecticut. He found his efforts to get the cab to drive to Connecticut ignored. 
Jinks found the driver once reaching the outskirts of the city ordered towards him "End of the road get out now! It's Christmas season now!"
He obeyed to find himself forced to walk on the sidewalks into the city and found his efforts to get a cab ignored. 
He felt annoyance take hold mentally spoke to himself as he felt his mind scanned "Just once I wouldn't mind if the city of New York saw me as an important person. Maybe as a Mayor of the city would be nice."
Jinks felt the mind scanning quit to glare while looking around he finding no Highlanders in vicinity to think to himself "Weird."
Jinks found a cab stopping near him to let out a male clad in business suit clothes which he got inside finding the driver a Highlander speaking "Where to?"
He spoke "Wethersfield, Connecticut please."
Jinks got from the driver "Sorry I'm for New York City and its boundary only. You'll have to go to the train station to get transportation. I can drive you there. Fare is on me since you don't seem to have a card for this."
He sighed and didn't protest as the Highlander got him to the train station. He got out giving a salute in response and got pushed aside as a male in a business suit darted into the cab after he got out. 
Jinks gave up an Hmph sound in response and went to the train station only to realize to himself "Blast I don't have a card or any money for paying for a train ticket. Damn it."
He stiffened feeling his mind scanned when he thought that comment only to felt compelled to walk into the train station which he obeyed. He found himself compelled to get into a train bound for Connecticut to his annoyance. 
Jinks found the Master willed forwards once the ticket master arrived into view speaking "Ticket now." 
He placed a hand onto the female's forehead in a fast move while mentally speaking "I have a ticket. Don't look at me again."
He found the female going elsewhere to other people ignoring him as he sensed his familiar filming sensed again. He groaned softly to will aside the Master and continued to feel the filming was overhead as he eyed the ceiling to find it was mirrored.
Jinks found the train arrived to Connecticut making several stops followed by arriving to New Haven. He got out of the train as if compelled and found a cab to take him to Wethersfield. 
Jinks used his familiar Master trick onto the driver a Human male this time and not a Highlander despite feeling himself filmed. He ignored the filming and left the cab to go to his apartment. Jinks eyed the locked doors and recalled the monk's trick of opening them obeyed to try it. He found himself unable to open the doors only to recall the Master and he needing it in control. 
He waved a hand mentally speaking with the Master in control "Door unlock."
Jinks found the doors opening to show Demeter sitting in the hallway that gave up a meow sounding annoyed to him. He walked inside shutting the doors locking them and found Demeter greeting him by head rubbing his booted foot. 
He sighed and darted upstairs to his bedroom to yank off his clothes till he was clad only in his underwear shorts. He sighed and felt himself tired went to the bed setting the alarm clock.
He mentally spoke "Ah Roosevelt will thank me for saving Janel's life later. It's Christmas anyway."
Jinks sighed from the memory he recalling he got no word from Roosevelt on Janel. He sighed again while leaning his head back and with a hand blindly rubbed Demeter’s head and back and heard her meow sound again sounding like she was worried. 
Jinks spoke “I know you’re worried about me, Demeter. I don’t have a purpose in life. I don’t even have anyone to care about except you. I don’t even have any friends or family to hang out with celebrating the Christmas holiday. I’m alone.” 
He feel tears come to his eyes allowed them through cried softly as Demeter adjusted her position to sit on his chest in a tummy sitting position. He felt her give off rumbling vibrations sensed she was purring that lulled him to calm down till sleepiness arrived and he shut his eyes allowing himself to sleep. 
Jinks woke up hearing a noise that sounded like bells. He frowned opening his eyes and heard the noise sounded like a doorbell and checked the time on the TV seeing it was early morning Christmas day. He felt Demeter was off his lap watching some where. He got up and went to the front door raising a hand and shutting his eyes. He saw a wrapped box sitting on the porch and with a sigh opened his eyes to unlock both doors to go out picking up the box. He saw the name Demeter on it scrawled in a kid like handwriting.
He spied a large red sock hanging off the doorknob of the screen with the words “You have been bad, Inky." 
Groaning he took the sock and the box inside and locked the doors behind him. 
He went to the couch and set the box down then peered in the sock to see it contained two black rocks. Groaning out loud he went to the garbage can in the kitchen closet and threw the sock with the rocks in it. 
He went back to the living room to open the present for Demeter seeing it was a box which he opened to see colorful balls and small stuffed toys that smelled funny inside it. He lifted up the box and dumped the contents onto the floor and heard a loud meow come from Demeter sounding like she was excitedly happy as the cat came barreling out from underneath the arm chair and started batting the balls with her paws. 
Jinks groaned out “Lucky you Demeter. You get presents for Christmas. I get nothing.” 
He watched Demeter play with the balls and toys with her paws and with a sigh he got up from the couch and went upstairs to his bedroom. 
He groaned out “I need some air.” 
He inside his bedroom changed his clothes to put on jeans, a rugby top and fresh socks which he put on his form. He placed his boots on and grabbed his winter hat putting it on his head and coat then walked out of the bedroom going down the stairs. He put on the coat and went to the couch dresser to grab his wallet and keys which he walked out of the apartment locking the door behind him. Jinks groaned as he breathed the fresh cold air that reeked of snow and he walked out of the apartment complex onto the sidewalk. He saw cars come driving some decorated with Christmas ornaments on them. 
He groaned out “Mom wish you were here with me. I miss you.”
He walked to the grocery store and saw it was open walked inside wandering among the aisles till his feet led him to the alcohol beer aisle and with a shrug he grabbed a pack of six beer cans and took it to the cash register. Jinks frowned as the lady at the register machine wearing a Santa Claus hat ranged up his purchase.
Then she spoke "Your ID sir."
He took out of his wallet handing it to her and watched as she brought it underneath a scanner then handed it back to him which he stuffed in his wallet. He paid his beer with a credit card and then walked outside to sit on a bench with the beer besides him. He groaned softly and pulled out a beer can from the box opening it and drank it slowly. Jinks grimaced from the taste of the beer gulped the can’s contents down and set it aside besides him on the bench. 
He spoke out loud “Christmas, who needs it?”
Jinks grabbed another can from the box and gulped it down and proceeded to drink the rest of the cans throwing each of them onto the ground in front of him. He shut his eyes after the last can was drunk and woke up finding himself with a bad headache. 
It took him a few to focus on his surroundings to see that he was in a jail cell lying on a mattress bed and he quickly sat up only to groan as his head pounded in pain. Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead and looked around the jail cell to spot a toilet with a sink and faucets on it jutting from a wall opposite from the jail’s fence. He got up shaking his head feeling the headache eased its ebb along with an urge to use the toilet arrived and went to the toilet adjusting his pants. He rolled his eyes as he relieved himself then once done flushed the toilet’s contents, adjusted his pants and went to the sink to wash his hands with soap and then stumbled to the mattress to sit with back leaning against the wall. 
He heard a bang sound grimaced from the noise as his headache pounded some more violently. He frowned as a police officer walked into view which took him moments to recall the male's name as Bernie despite unsure of who he was who had a frown on his face with pity in his eyes. 
He frowned some more as Bernie spoke “I see you’re up. Sorry to lock you up but it was for your own good. Drinking yourself drunk isn’t the way to go.” 
Jinks grimaced as the cell door’s fence slid open with a bang as Bernie continued speaking “Come on out, Jinks. I’ll drive you home.” 
He obeyed getting up feeling himself a bit dizzy but shook it off to walk out of the cell and followed Bernie out to the hallway. 
He spoke “What did I do while I was drunk?”
Jinks heard Bernie hiss loudly before stopping to turn to face him and the officer spoke “Witnesses say that you sat on a bench and drank an entire pack of beer about six cans worth and then proceed to drunkenly walk in the street among traffic getting in the way of cars that luckily avoided hitting you.”
Jinks frowned hearing Bernie’s words as no memory came to his mind as the officer continued “Switchboard received about ten calls from people talking about seeing a man appearing to be sick weave walking in the street among traffic getting in the way of cars that swerve to avoid hitting him.”
He formed a frown on his face as Bernie kept talking “Anyway I got called in to check and found you in the street and you gave me quite a lot of trouble trying to get you out of there despite being drunk. Your blood alcohol level was above the state limits when I checked and I figured that some time in a jail cell will help keep you safe from harm while you sleep off being drunk.”
Jinks sigh softly as Bernie continued to speak “I’m aware that you don’t have any family to spend Christmas with. I’m sorry that you had to celebrate it alone but drinking yourself drunk isn’t a way to do that.” 
He groaned softly as Bernie added “I’ll drive you home. Come along.” 
He wordlessly followed Bernie down the hallway to the entrance going out to the stairwell and went up them to the building’s entrance where they went outside in the parking lot lighted by overhead lights as the moon shined. He followed Bernie to a police cruiser where he got in the passenger seat and sat buckling up his seatbelt and stared out the window as the police man drove the car to the apartment complex. 
Once arriving he got out to hear Bernie speak “Just don’t drink yourself drunk again you hear? It won’t solve anything.” 
Jinks nodded his head and then closed the car door and walked away. He heard the police cruiser drive away as he walked to his apartment to the porch where he sat on the step putting his head in his hands. 
He groaned out “Mom, I need you bad. I could really use you comforting me at the hour of my need.”
He raised his head and felt an urge to go inside hit him hard which he obeyed going to the front door unlocking it and once inside locked both doors then stepped back to walk into the living room shrugging off his hat leaving it littered on the floor. He went to the couch and sat eyes staring at the floor that was littered with cat toys and Demeter no where in sight. He could sense Demeter watching him from her hiding place as he sat on the couch which he leaned back and leaned his head back on the top part of the couch raising his eyes to stare at the ceiling. He felt himself tired shut his eyes falling asleep sleeping dreamlessly.
Jinks woke up hearing a shrilling noise that took him a few moments to recognize as the phone ringing which he sat up with a jerk as the sun shining weakly through his sliding door covered by a curtain and grabbed the phone lifting it up and heard a dial tone in his ear. 
He hung up the phone and checked the caller ID to see the words “Knight Residence.” 
Jinks examined the caller ID to see it didn’t include a phone number checked his phone and pressed the button labeled “Redial”. 
He heard an electronic male voice speaking “The redial option is not available please contact your phone company to get that option thank you.” 
Jinks groaned and hung up the phone. He eyed the answering machine that was blinking its light showing a message on it. Sighing he pressed the rewind button and heard the answering machine give off its beep once it finished rewinding. Jinks pressed the play button and listened as the machine gave off messages he heard were from solicitors asking for money for their charities which he deleted after hearing them. 
He heard an angry voice tone sounding like Burke saying “Stay away from my mother period. I don’t want you near her and I will do what it takes to keep you away from her even having you arrested. So stay away from my mother or else.” 
Jinks sighed and deleted the message which was followed by a voice speaking “Merry Christmas, Jinks. Janel and the kids are doing fine.”
He frowned hearing Roosevelt’s voice and deleted the message which was followed by a shrilling beep noise as the answering machine ended its messages. He heard the doorbell ringing frowned to peer via mental abilities to find Burke standing on the porch looking upset to him. Jinks frowned to take off his coat he finding himself wearing it. He placed it onto the couch and went to the door opening it wide to face Burke who had a determination look in his eyes creeping him out. 
Jinks felt his senses blaring warning as he spoke "Something I can do for you Burke?"
Jinks got Burke thrusting up a handgun and firing it point blank range onto his chest he feeling the pain of the bullet entering his chest. 
He felt himself collapsing onto porch not helped up by Burke as he fell unconscious he heard "You're not the deity lord as thought."

End Book One
