
I CAN’T NOT THINK OF YOU

Lorena Less


Published by Lorena Less on Smashwords



Index
Part One
Chapter1
Chapter2
Chapter3
Chapter4
Chapter5
Second Part
Chapter6
Chapter7
Chapter8
Chapter9
Chapter10
Chapter11
Chapter12
Chapter13
Chapter14
Chapter 15
Chapter16
Chapter17
Third Part
Chapter18
Chapter19
Chapter20
Chapter21
Chapter22
Chapter23
Chapter24
Chapter25
Chapter26
Chapter27
Chapter28
Chapter29
Chapter30
Chapter31
Chapter32
Chapter33
Chapter34
Fourth Part
Chapter35
Chapter36
Chapter37
Chapter38
Chapter39
Chapter40
Chapter41
Chapter42
Chapter43
EPILOGUE




Part One



Chapter1


Eva was deeply discouraged by her fractured wrist.
«Ma’am, you must wear this plaster for at least forty-five days and obviously you must rest and not strain your arm», they told her in the plaster room. 
Eva didn’t pay attention to those words, she was looking at the man who was mixing and moulding the plaster on her arm. 
She continued to stare at the skilful hands that slopped about. The man’s expression was halfway between a grimace and a smirk. His arms were strong and powerful. He was wearing an eccentric-looking cap with a floral pattern that added to his air of an artist absorbed in shaping a sculpture. He ignored the voices around him and didn’t even answer a question that someone asked. 
«Do you want a coffee? » a kind woman in a white lab coat asked. He didn’t even look up, but continued working with the same smirk on his face. 
Another man in a white lab coat was sitting at a computer not too far away, slamming the mouse on the pad trying to make it work.
Without turning around, moving his hand in the air, he said to the woman «Can’t you see that he’s creating? You should know better. In moments like these the artist is enraptured. He can’t feel neither hunger nor thirst, he hears only the muses’ gentle voices». 
The woman smiled and asked Eva the same question.
«No, thanks, I’m already anxious enough, even without coffee. Anyway, thanks».
«You’re welcome», she answered. 
Eva wasn’t too sure of the sanity of the man who was handling her arm and she was even less sure after the computer man’s joke. Luckily, an orthopaedic doctor entered, his name tag confirmed his specialization. 
The doctor looked at what was going on with his hands behind his back and his lips pursed. Then he looked at the X-ray that was clearly visible on the monitor. He seemed very professional and after some moments of concentration he mumbled «Perfect». 
Eva breathed with relief.
The “forty-five days” came back to her mind and she started to understand the seriousness of the situation. 
«Doctor…», she called him as he was leaving. «Will I have to stay forty-five days with this plaster and probably not be able to drive and…»
«Exactly», he stopped her. «You’ll have to keep your arm in a sling and at rest», he added bluntly. 
Eva’s blood froze. 
«It’s not possible! It’s my right hand! I have some important work to finish at school and… and… my children? What am I going to do with my children? My husband works, he can’t…»
The doctor interrupted her again, took off his glasses and moving them in the air said «Ma’am we’re in 2013, but a different cure for fractures hasn’t been invented yet. Your fracture needs forty-five days minimum to heal», he sighed, «which is what I sincerely hope will happen, it might take even more. Unfortunately, with the bones, we need to be patient. » He leaned towards her, losing his patience, as it usually happened to him with people like her. 
He stepped back and smiled when he saw Eva desperate look. 
She looked at the doctor, speechless, with her mouth and eyes wide open, as he was leaving the room.
The artist in the meanwhile had finished. 
Eva tried to say something but he said “F-o-r-t-y-f-i-v-e days, and it might not be all», he predicted, putting his palm in front of Eva’s face harshly, like a traffic warden who orders someone to stop. 
His expression was serious and his eyes were open wide like those of a crazy man. 
«Your health is more important», he said severely, «your health is more important, dear», he added, in a gentler voice. 
Poor Eva looked at her plaster with the same expression of someone who is staring at a monster. 
That unexpected event overwhelmed her.  What was she going to do now? She was used to planning every hour, every minute of the day and of the week. She was the one who always organized her life and that of her family. They used to call her “Miss Perfect” in high school, and now “Mrs Everything’s in Order” at work. 
She started to think about all the work that was pending at the school where she taught, about her daughter’s best friend’s birthday, her children’s drama club’s final performance. There were so many things that she had to take care of in the days to come. 
She stood there with a frustrating feeling of helplessness, then suddenly felt a familiar warmth caress on her head. It was her sweet husband.
Without turning around, she took his hand and put it on her cheek, holding it down with her shoulder.
A tear rolled down her cheek onto her man’s hand. 
«You’ll see that everything will work out», he said, touched by her tears. 
Thanks to his encouragement on the way home, Eva thought about the incident in a new light. Her fall and that hateful plaster, in reality, would give her the opportunity to enjoy a well-deserved rest and give her some time to think.  
But who would take over her job, take care of her children’s school plays and all the rest? Her husband, like the doctor and the plaster man, didn’t give her a chance to complain. 
«Everything will work out, you’ll see», he said decisively, when they arrived at home.






Chapter2

In the days that followed, all of her loved ones showed her their solidarity by helping out in every way possible. Her mother spoiled her with delightful foods; her mother-in-law catered to all the children’s needs; her husband took time off from work to do the chores; the housekeeper kept the house clean; her colleagues took care of her work, and her best friend provided the costumes for the school play. She wouldn’t miss it for anything in the world. 
Everything had miraculously gone like clockwork, she repeated to herself happily while she stared at the display of her video camera. Her daughter was on the stage, dressed like Robin Hood, reciting her lines in perfect English.
«Just like her mother», she thought proudly, with a quirky smile and watery eyes. 
How proud she was of her handsome son who, following the teacher’s instructions, was handling microphones with such confidence, as if he had done it all his life.
Her husband looked at his children and wife happily. It was hard to understand whether he was enjoying himself more watching the children, or watching his wife who was trying to film every moment of her children’s performances with just one hand and great difficulty. 
She was so focused that she had even forgotten the pain she felt inside that annoying plaster.
«Good job! » the most unpleasant of the mothers who was sitting behind her, shouted in her ear.
«I see that you haven’t forgotten your past, considering how well you’re handling those flashes with just one hand ».
Maybe she didn’t do it on purpose and just wanted to be kind, but every time that idiot opened her mouth, the worst things always came out.
Eva, surprised, turned suddenly, feeling a sharp pain in her arm that made her more nervous than she already was by that stupid comment. 
«I’m not handling “flashes”, but a video camera, and I’m on the opposite side of it, if you’re referring to when I was the one being filmed and photographed.  That was a lifetime ago and I don’t think about it anymore, except when people like you remind me of it. »
Her husband rolled his eyes and gave her a nudge. The woman looked at her stunned by the way she had answered.  She was only trying to be nice, but she wasn’t satisfied, and added more, like an annoying mosquito 
«Let me tell you that he was really a hunk! Oh, how many women envied you at that time, including me, obviously», giggling like a silly goose. 
Eva repeated that obviously in a whisper, with her eyes closed and a knot in her stomach.
Luckily, her husband called her attention back on their children who were being applauded, bowing like skilful actors. 
They saw their parents in the audience and waved their little hands. 
Eva was touched by their tenderness and by her husband’s love. He was hugging her, reassuring her, as if there was the need. She knew that despite the complicated daily routine they had, she was living the best life she could wish for. 
She forgot her pain, the hard work, those stupid words heard some moments before and stared at her triumphant kids and her smiling husband with great joy in her heart.  They were the most beautiful gifts that life had granted her.




Chapter3

More than a month had passed from the day of the plaster cast. Eva still felt a slight pain, but she had recovered, had read three books and had been loved and pampered. 
She wished to get her life back, drive again, take care of her children and her house. She was sick of being an invalid. Not to mention that feeling of anxiety that permeated her life due to the absence of her urgent day-to-day duties. Inactivity had become a burden to bear, that upset her greatly, especially now that she was forced to be inactive.
She had to find a solution.
She was happy with her life. She had everything she desired, but couldn’t ignore that knot in her stomach anymore. It was there, and now that she had nothing to do, she became more than ever aware of it. 
«I don’t understand you», her husband said when he found her stretched out on the couch. «You’re always complaining about not having enough time for yourself, the children who suffocate you, how you have to dovetail your commitments, the house that needs to be cleaned and who knows what else. Now that we’ve freed you from all this, you pout? »  
«Don’t get me wrong. You’re all so amazing. Even Marianna and Marco are behaving like little adults. I’m really happy about all this, but…»
«But what? » her husband Paolo repeated while taking his jacket from the coat hanger.
«I would like to be autonomous again, drive my car and not have to always ask others for everything, do you understand that? » she answered elusively, moving her good hand.
«Yes…» he said, but he wasn’t convinced. «Just a few more days. Be patient. »
He kissed her before leaving to go to work, looking at her with a sorry expression, and closed the door snorting, thinking his wife didn’t notice. 
Paolo worked all day, managing a company that produced wooden wall panels and floor tiles.  Despite the recent crisis, his company was profitable. He was an architect and was proud of the fact that his success was due to his good management. He struggled a lot because his entire days were taken over by juggling his time between his job and his family, Eva knew that. 
He had always been really in love with her. He considered their present sentimental serenity a great accomplishment that they had earned after a turbulent past. In the last few years, he had told himself that the other women would just be “potential trouble” and he wouldn’t allow anyone to unsettle their lives. When it came to her husband’s loyalty, Eva knew she could take it to the bank… at least she hoped she could. 
That’s why she didn’t want to be the reason for any turmoil in their lives. 
She realized she couldn’t let her blues add to their daily difficulties. 
Their two children, aged eight and nine, conceived when they were both over thirty-seven, were an achievement and a wonderful starting point, but they were challenging.
So, what was missing?
Eva brooded while looking outside at the runners who crowded the park in front of her house. 
«One day, I’ll be one of you again» she said, moving the curtain to get a better look at them.
She had given up her beloved jogging after the children’s births. At the moment, her busy life, her forty-six years and seven extra kilos made all the difference with the past. She had replaced that passion with photography, but it wasn’t the same. 
Yeah! Maybe she should have returned to jogging, she thought, or maybe not.
Engrossed in thought, her head on her good hand, she looked at the glass table near the couch, where she kept all the pictures. 
She looked at the one where she was thin and radiant, a happy bride with her groom. She smiled, just like she did every time she looked at that photo. She had the same ecstatic expression. 
Yeah, she was really proud of that one!
Then she looked at the other photos, the more recent ones, near the one with the wedding dress. Aesthetically, the comparison was without any doubt merciless because now she was heavier and older. She pouted again and snorted, tapping her fingers on her face.
But there was something that comforted her in the recent photos: she was always smiling.
Twenty years ago, she hardly ever smiled. Those pictures of her with gorgeous dresses, a perfect body, long thick curly dark hair, were still on the web.
Her face at that time was dull, her eyes were downcast and elusive, completely in contrast with her youth and beauty. 
Only an idiot, like that mother at the play, couldn’t see the turmoil on the face of that famous and well accompanied girl who in the past had travelled around the world. 
What was left? Maybe nothing. Eva was now a happily married woman, with an adorable husband and everything had worked out for the best. 
However, there was something that niggled at her soul, that consequently troubled her husband’s soul too, causing them both a growing uneasiness.





Chapter4


Her best friend, Patrizia, whom everyone called Patty, was sitting near her on the park bench in front of her house. As usual, they were looking after their children who were running around on the grass. 
«Your daughter is growing taller», Patty said. 
«Yeah, but she’s too thin. She’s tall and lanky like my husband, good for her. I think my son, on the contrary, looks like me, black hair, average height, but lately he’s gained a bit of weight».
Patty’s children, instead, looked exactly like their mother when she was younger. Eva remembered her friend’s smiling face in high-school perfectly and it was just like her children’s.
They’ve been friends forever and have followed each other’s complicated life events. They had cried and laughed together, lived unforgettable moments and sentimental tragedies, always more or less at the same time. 
They had even gotten married only one month apart from each other, both of them giving birth to two babies. 
They seemed to have parallel lives. 
Their friendship was strong, true. There were times when they couldn’t get together because they were really busy, but they always looked for each other as soon as they could. 
Patty’s support was essential for Eva in the difficult moments of her turbulent past and it was thanks to her that she had met her husband Paolo.
Patty was married to Andrea, she was a mother, the director of a huge shopping mall, and also city council member. Her brilliant career and mainly her family, her children and her likeable husband who was a doctor, had finally made her happy after some romantic setbacks. 
«What are you thinking? » Patty asked suddenly. 
Eva first looked anxiously at her son who was speeding down a slope on his bicycle then at her.   
«Nothing», she sighed. «Nothing important. »
«Are you sure? »
She knew her too well.
Her son was safe at the end of the hill after a long brake. Eva calmed down and looked at Patty again with a questioning look. She could see that she wanted to know more. 
«It’s just that I’m sick of being blocked like a mummy with this plaster. It’s boring! »
«That’s all? »
Eva wasn’t wrong. Patty knew how to read her soul, feel her anxiety, the one that she didn’t want to admit to herself. 
«I don’t know. It’s as if this reflection period in which the world has stopped for me, has made me… I don’t know… Oh, I really don’t know. I’ve got so much to be thankful for, I don’t need anything. You know, human nature is strange. When our dreams come true, we start to have others… but I really don’t know what I’m saying. Don’t pay attention to me. It’s this damned plaster, this forced idleness that upsets me and gives me a strange feeling». Patty understood that Eva was uneasy. 
«Yeah, idleness is the root of all evil and I will add of some thoughts too…» Patty frowned and raised an eyebrow while Eva rocked back and forth, holding her knee. 
Eva knew she was referring to something specific. 
«What do you want to know? Tell me what’s on your mind», she asked sharply.
«I’m sorry to tell you this, but you’re an English teacher who doesn’t feel the need to brush up on her subject, like maybe going abroad. I know how much you love your job and…»
«What’s your point? » Eva stopped her, turning towards her with slit eyes.
«Oh, Eva, don’t hate me, but I know how much you love England and the children you teach. I can’t believe that you don’t want to go there to brush up on the language and, why not, have some fun. You’re an excellent teacher and… and…» She paused to swallow, frighten by her friend’s serious look. «Don’t let the past ruin your career and inhibit your desires».
She paused again, this time she looked away from Eva. «There’s one shot in a million that you might run into him…», she said in one go, opening her mouth as if she wanted to take her words back. 
In the meantime, Eva’s daughter was doing the same thing her brother had done with her bicycle. 
Her mother became very nervous. 
«Marianna! », she shouted. 
But the little girl had already started the descent. 
Eva closed her eyes. The girl arrived uninjured at the end of the path.
Full of rage, biting her lip, Eva turned towards Patty who thought that the reason of her anxiety was a longing for England. 
«Listen», she said sitting up on the bench. «It’s been a long time since anyone has spoken to me about him and now, I hear his name twice in a month. The first time it was mentioned by an idiot, therefore, I didn’t pay attention to it, but now you! What are you thinking? If I don’t go abroad it’s because I’ve got a family, a job. It’s not because I’m afraid to run into him. Besides, I’ll never go to London again. The world is full of wonderful places where they speak English and where I could go to brush up and have fun with my fa-mi-ly », she replied drily. 
«Forgive me, Eva. I didn’t want to talk to you about him, but there’s a reason if in a short time you’ve heard his name again».
Patty opened her bag of chips and started to munch on them, knowing that Eva was waiting for her to continue. She looked at her and put a big chip in her mouth. 
«It’s because of his latest film. I’ve seen his face on the poster, in front of the cinema, and everyone else has probably seen it too. The connection to you is spontaneous». She looked at her then passed on her Solomonic judgement «Prepare yourself to hear his name often» she said, then chewed loudly, her mouth full of chips. 
Eva put her hand inside the bag without asking permission, lost in thought. She took a handful of chips and automatically brought it to her mouth, while Patty looked puzzled at her empty bag. 
So, he had made another film.
Eva had read in a gossip magazine at the hair salon that he was going to get married and wanted to retire from making films. Evidently it was a media lie. While she was reading the article, an old lady near her, her hair in tin foils and who looked like death eating a cracker, had stretched her neck to read the magazine. 
Eva had suddenly turned the page and had noticed in the mirror that an evil smile had appeared on the woman’s grossly made-up face. That harridan!
A lot of people behaved that way, unfortunately. She would never live it down.
«The past is past», her husband always said. «Don’t let it trouble us, considering that it’s over».
It could work for him, but for her? How could she ignore that face that came back regularly to stare at her from billboards and newspapers? And this was nothing compared to the looks she got from people in the street, all of them with the same foolish smile as the lady in the hair salon. They linked her to that face on the billboards, in the newspapers, everywhere he appeared. 
It violated her natural desire for privacy, causing troubled feelings. 
She knew, deep down, after all that her inner turmoil was linked to him, although she didn’t want to admit it. 
Luckily, Paolo arrived to interrupt her thoughts. 
She saw him on the park path, his briefcase in his hand, his face tired and pale but smiling. She could have never been in such a mood at the end of a hard day.
He seemed to run on super-charged batteries. 
Despite his busy schedule, as he got closer to them, he shouted «Hey there, gather the crew, we’re going for an ice-cream».
It was just what she needed at that moment. How did he know? Eva relaxed and smiled. She went up and kissed him.
She looked at him for some moments, without taking her good arm off his neck. 
«What’s up? Did I guess that you’ve got low blood sugar? », he asked smiling. 
«Yeah, but it’s because I missed you», Eva answered, perky again. 
Patty refused the invitation, she had promised her husband that she would be home early to prepare something delicious for dinner. 
The family went happily towards the ice-cream shop, holding hands. 
They sat at a small table outside, waiting anxiously, when the waiter finally arrived with four delicious ice-cream sundaes. 
The children got excited, but Paolo calmed them down and handed to each of them what they had ordered. 
Eva always enjoyed looking at how excited her children got with ice-cream. 
While she was watching them, she saw a couple sitting at the next table, looking at her and whispering. 
They stopped as soon as they realized that Eva was watching them too.
They looked at something behind her, then their eyes went back to her again. 
Eva turned instinctively towards the ice-cream shop window and suddenly became pale. 
She turned around immediately and sank the spoon in the ice-cream absentmindedly. 
The poster of his latest film was in the window.
He was standing there with his arms crossed, a dazzling smile, still breathtakingly handsome. 
Behind him a gorgeous blonde had her arms around his neck.
I’m Finally Getting Married!, was the title of the film.
Even now that he was almost fifty, his bright blue eyes were penetrating and still magnetically mesmerizing. 
He was still in great shape, even though Eva knew that the pictures were usually photoshopped, making everyone look extremely attractive despite the passing years. 
Her thoughts were interrupted by the spoon falling off the almost-melted ice-cream.
«Mum! », Marco shouted. 
«Why aren’t you eating? », Marianna said. 
«Yeah, how silly I am, my ice-cream. I’ll eat it immediately», she said, her eyes open wide and her tongue hanging down. 
The children laughed.
Her husband didn’t. 
A look of hatred appeared on his face, replaced immediately by a forced smile as he turned to his wife.



Second Part



Chapter5


Summer 1986

«She’s just lucky» blonde Emma said, moving her hair.   She was loudly chewing her stupid strawberry gum with her full lips coloured with a loud lipstick. She was leaning against the wall of the school and didn’t realize that Eva and Patty had walked up behind her.
«She was lucky also in winning the gold medal at the inter-school race» Emma’s friend said, while she continued pulling up her skirt, hoping that the few guys who she hadn’t been with yet, noticed her.
She straightened her shoulders, with an expression that showed she was sure of herself. «Do you remember? Cinzia pulled out because she had had cramps. If that hadn’t happened, she would have won. »
«And now the scholarship for England too. I didn’t want to work so hard because I’m not interested, or else…»
«Otherwise, you would have won, wouldn’t you? »  Eva interrupted her unexpectedly. 
Emma turned around suddenly, her eyes wide open with surprise, feeling like an idiot. She didn’t expect her to be listening. 
She looked at her speechless, knowing that the scholarship consisted in a complex English language exam that wasn’t within her capabilities. Not wanting to give her satisfaction, she blew a pink bubble with her gum that burst on her face, and licked it with her tongue vulgarly, a gesture that well suited her.
She then left with her friend, casting poisonous glares at Eva and Patty and mumbling «She’s just a loser. »
This was a perfect example of what Eva’s class was like. 
Eva didn’t have many friends and wasn’t so popular in high school, except for Patty, who was in another class, and a few other kids. 
In fact, she had to admit that she was an over the top teenager.
Instead of chasing guys and going to discos, she dedicated her time to beating records in racing and the English language.
She insisted on always wearing jeans and casual outfits, ignoring the fashion trends.
She lived in her own world, one that her friends didn’t share. Some of them thought she was a nerd, for others she was just a loser. For those few who esteemed her, she was an example of perseverance that would surely lead to success. 
She wasn’t popular at all. Too many academic and athletic successes.
«Don’t bother with those two» Patty said, thinking that her friend needed to be comforted. «They’re losers. »
«I don’t know, Patty. I think they’re quite… envious? » she asked rhetorically, frowning and smiling maliciously. 
Eva turned to look at the school message board where her name stood out on the list of the language exam results. It wasn’t an ordinary exam, but the one that gave the scholarship for England. 
She was really happy, shaking her bottom and legs with excitement, while Patty watched her with admiration.
«Loser for who? For the nonentities, of course» she cut short, shouting the words out loud, feeling an uncontrollable happiness.
Was she arrogant? A bit. Nasty? Too. 
At that time, she didn’t weigh the words to meet with social consensus. She had a spontaneity and a strong naiveté. She deceived herself by thinking that one would finally be accepted for ones thoughts, words and actions.  She tended to look at the world through pink-tinted glasses that made her believe that sooner or later all her merits would prove her right and that meanness would fade away. 
She had been dreaming about England since her first high school year. 
Her family had always been contrary to her request to go study in England, due to the high costs, and she had finally managed to earn the money to reach her goal. 
Her passion for languages had brought her an important success, and the way to reach the mythical London. 
As a hobby, she had always translated the lyrics of the English songs that she loved the most and even watched films in their original language. She had also attended afternoon lessons in a prestigious foreign languages school, passing all the levels successfully, including the advanced one that consisted in being able to converse fluently with a mother tongue teacher. 
That’s why she had won the scholarship and had started to speak English fluently even before going abroad. 
Now her dream was coming true. She could spend her summer at the British Institute, the prestigious college on the outskirts of London. Only the European long-distance race record could have made her happier. 
She left for England that distant summer, full of enthusiasm. 
The personnel of the British Institute collected her at the airport, giving her the possibility to show off her English and prove herself on the field, the real one. 
She was happy to see that everyone understood her, she entered her room at the college and found a written programme on the desk listing all the appointments and meal schedules. 
She read it and understood everything, then threw herself on the bed, crossing her arms behind her head, proud and happy. 
The bed was comfortable, the room clean and she was in London.
Who could be happier?
She opened the window to see what kind of view she would be enjoying during her sojourn. It looked out over a garden in front of the main entrance. Many young people were walking around happily or sitting on the stairs of the big fountain at the centre of the courtyard. 
She would make friends, she hoped. 
She looked outside and saw a small hill with a big tree and a path all around it.
“I could run there in my spare time” she immediately thought. 
She sighed and satisfied with that sight, she closed the window. 
During the meeting with the teachers, they explained the daily programme that the students would be following. There were people from all over the world. She understood this from their faces, their features, their skin colour.
Eva looked for some Italian faces, but unsuccessfully. 
«It doesn’t matter, it means that I’ll speak only in English all the time. It’s better this way» she thought out loud. 
She went to her room and after a horrible dinner, she went downstairs in the garden to try to make friends. 
«Where are you from? » a girl asked her suddenly, sitting near her, on the step of the fountain. 
«I’m from Italy, and you? » she answered, happy of that encounter. 
«I’m from France, Paris, and my name is Corinne. » 
«How do you do, Corinne.  My name is Eva.» They shook hands.
The French girl looked at Eva’s body, a naïve and arrogant girl.
She instinctively felt a fondness for her and smiled, showing her dimples. 
That was the beginning of a beautiful friendship that would last forever. 

«Hi.»
«Hi Corinne. I was hoping you would arrive so we could sit together. I’m feeling shy in front of all these people, they’re so different. It’s evident that they come from all over the world. With you, being French, I feel at ease. We’re neighbours, aren’t we? »
The girl smiled at her. Eva wasn’t sure that she understood everything in English, but her smile was enough for her, it was comforting. 
With time, Eva understood that when Corinne smiled too much, it meant that she hadn’t understood completely. When she said that she hadn’t understood, actually she was refusing to understand. They managed to get over their communication problems by using French or Italian which were so similar that it made things easier.  
They sat near each other and the lesson started. 
Soon, Corinne started yawning. 
«Are you bored? » Eva whispered.
«No, it’s that we’ve just finished our school year and maybe it would have been better to have a holiday. »
Eva realized that her new friend wasn’t enthusiastic like her about being in London. 
It seemed that Corinne would have preferred to do something else. After about an hour she started to push the bottom of her pen up and down, and the teacher cleared his voice, trying to make her stop. She didn’t get the hint. 
The others started giggling, but she seemed to be elsewhere. 
The lesson ended and the two girls walked towards the canteen. 
«Aren’t you happy to be here? » Eva asked, walking near her through a long corridor of that old building. 
«Yes, but I have to confess that it was my father who insisted that I come here to improve my English. I would have preferred to go to the seaside to relax. I don’t want to study even in summer. »
«Yeah…» Eva said, incredulous. 
How different the world was! She had been asking her parents to send her to England for years, unsuccessfully, and Corinne instead had been forced by hers.
In the meantime, they arrived at the canteen.
They entered and hunger prevailed over everything else for both of them. It was self-service and it looked like there were so many delicious things to choose from, but it wasn’t so.  Eva soon understood that she had to forget about Italian food.
On that first day, she saw a potbellied chef giving out “pasta”. The picture seemed perfect. When Eva saw the man’s strong hand pick up long hot spaghetti with a big fork, she almost fainted with joy. Unfortunately, she was disappointed when she tasted them. They had no flavour and they were overcooked. They broke on the fork when she tried to roll them up. Corinne, in front of her, was looking at her horrified expression, while she raised her fork with that mush. 
«Don’t you like it? » Corinne asked with her mouth full. 
«You obviously have never been to Italy and have never tasted real spaghetti. »
«No, I’ve never been» she said chewing her food with nonchalance. «They aren’t bad» she added.
Eva gave up and ate.  It was a matter of survival. 
She looked at Corinne, trying to distract herself from the food she was eating. She had felt a sudden fondness for her naughty face, framed by short straight blonde hair, with laughing eyes. Corinne was thin, pretty and most of all she wished to make friends, exactly like her. 
«Is your hair permed? » Corinne asked, interrupting her thoughts. 
«No, I’m naturally curly, unfortunately. »  
«Unfortunately? Oh, mon amour, I would give anything to have your hair. »
Her cute dimples appeared on her young face again.
At that time, it was fashionable to have hair like a lion’s mane, but Eva would have preferred straight hair, simply because women are never satisfied.    
A few days after her arrival, Eva started jogging on the path of the hill after studying, stopping to relax under the shadow of a big tree. 
She was stupidly wasting her precious English sojourn between studying and jogging. 
«We must go to London» Corrine shouted one afternoon determined, after having waited for her in the garden to finish her run.
«We’re already in London» Eva wheezed, out of breath, sweating like a pig. 
«I mean the city. Big ben, Piccadilly, Trafalgar Square, the London Tower, we haven’t seen anything yet and we’ve been here a while. I’m starting to get bored. » Corinne said, emphasizing her French “r” heatedly. 
She was right. They saw that the other students disappeared in the afternoon at the end of the lessons and reappeared at dinner. They surely went to the city, it was clear. Probably only Eva and Corinne hadn’t been there yet. Eva realized that it was time to stop thinking about her race records and enjoy London. 
Damn it, she was in London! She slapped her head as if she wanted to wake up from her stupid obsession of the training at all cost. 
«You’re right. Tomorrow. Tomorrow after the lessons. We’ll find out how to reach the underground and start from Big Ben. Okay? »
«Okay» Corinne said, happy to have shaken her up. 
After the shower, they took a map and started to study a plan for the city sightseeing. The following morning, when the alarm clock rang, Eva had a hard time getting up. She switched it off, making it fall down. She sat on the bed and felt that her legs were heavy. She had really exaggerated with the jogging. She had to hurry so as to not arrive late to class. She entered the room, apologizing for being late, and noticed with surprise that Corinne’s desk was empty. 
What? She was absent on the day they had planned to go to the city together? Where the hell was she?  She couldn’t wait for the lesson to finish so she could go look for her in her room. She knocked, but no one answered. She knocked again and a raspy weak voice said «Who is it? »
«Corinne, it’s me. What happened, may I come in? »
«Oh, Eva, I’m coming, hold on. »
Corinne came to the door, she was still in her pyjamas and was shaking. 
«What’s up? » Eva asked. 
She went back under the blankets immediately. «I’ve got a fever, I’m sorry, I can’t come with you to the city today. »
Eva felt very disappointed. She really wanted to visit London, but she tried not to show her that she was disappointed. 
«I won’t go either, I’ll wait for you to get better. I feel very tired too, today. »
It was true, she felt that her legs were as heavy as lead. 
She was looking down to hide her disappointment, but when she looked at Corinne again, she realized that beads of perspiration covered her forehead and she was very pale. She touched it, it was very hot. 
«You need a doctor. I’ll got get one, wait. »
Corinne mumbled something that her friend didn’t understand. Eva left the room looking for help. 
She was almost running when, turning the corner at the end of the corridor that led downstairs, she bumped into a boy who was walking upstairs. The big book the boy was carrying under his arm hit her in the stomach. 
«Porca vacca!» (Holy crap!) she shouted in Italian, doubling over. 
«I’m sorry, I’m mortified» he said in perfect English.
«It’s nothing, don’t worry» Eva answered, speaking English this time. 
She looked up and saw a petrified thin boy, over one meter and eighty tall, with short black hair and eyes that were like two pinheads, under thick glasses. She was about to leave, to continue her mission, but he stopped her with his body. 
«You’re Italian, aren’t you? »
«How can you tell? » the girl said, annoyed by his presumption. 
He looked down, awkwardly, then with a slight movement of his head and gave her a wonderful smile. 
Eva was stunned by it. 
His smile had shown her an uncommon attractiveness that was mortified by his glasses and serious haircut. 
He shrugged. «It’s not that hard to understand that you’re Italian. You’ve got black, curly hair, black eyes and your accent. »
His last comment almost made Eva angry. 
She tried her best to have a perfect pronunciation and was sure she had it. Apparently, it wasn’t so.
«You’re undoubtedly English, if you’ve noticed my accent, despite your black hair. »
«Yes, a true English native, I’m from London» he answered proudly, pleased to see that she was annoyed. 
«What is an English guy from London doing here in the summer in a college for foreign students who want to learn the language? » Eva asked. 
«Uhm… you’ve only been here a few days and you speak English very well. You should know that this place in winter is a university and I’m a student at the chemistry department. I must attend the third year» he answered a bit clumsily yet happily, holding his chin. 
«Why aren’t you on holiday? »
«You know, I think that a person like you too, who can speak English so well, should be on holiday instead of being here. Maybe, you want to improve your accent» and he moved away with a satisfied smile. 
He had realized that she was annoyed by her Italian accent and had wanted to make fun of her. 
Eva looked at him for a moment speechless, then she remembered Corinne and her fever. 
«Wait! » she shouted. «Maybe you know where I can find a doctor on campus. »
«What’s up? My book made a hole in your tummy? » He was still impertinent. 
«I’m serious, there’s a girl who is sick, she has high fever. »  
The guy went up to her, abandoning his mocking expression. «Follow me» he said, seriously. 
He knew every corner of that building very well. Eva followed him in silence along a path that she couldn’t haven’t done alone. Finally, they arrived in front of a closed door. 
«Wait here» he said.
After some moments, he reappeared asking the girl’s name and disappearing again.
Eva read the tag on the wall near the door that read “Directorate”. “Ok, we’re in the right place” she thought. 
After a while the guy told her that the doctor would pass by to see her friend, so Eva calmed down. She said goodbye to him quickly and ran towards the stairs, she wanted to bring some orange juice and an ice pack to Corinne. 
«Are you always running? » the guy shouted behind her. «You didn’t tell me your name. »
Eva pretended not to hear, she was already downstairs, jumping like a child. 
«Maggie, you look like a Maggie» the guy said, but Eva didn’t pay attention to him.
She was still a child, despite her eighteen years. She was quite childish and lived in cloud-cuckoo-land.
She always wore denim shorts when she was on holiday, often also dungarees that made her body look awkward, hiding her hips and her large breasts. She matched large colourful long-sleeved cotton shirts or t-shirts with rolled-up sleeves, as was the trend at that time. 
She always wore sneakers and let her thick curly hair hang loose.  If it weren’t for her hair, she would look like a boy. 
Her only feminine touch were the leather bracelets she wore on both her wrists.
She had no experience with guys. At school, during her running, she had fallen in love with Alberto who was on the boy’s team. The fact is that he never found out about this. Eva used to spend her breaks watching him while sitting on the stairs, eating her pizza.
She watched him from the first floor, through the railing that faced the corridor leading to the classrooms. While he chatted with his friends, she day dreamed about him. When she was in class, she spent the first moments of the lessons writing “Alberto” on her diary, on her notebook or wherever she could.  At night, before going to sleep, she thought «I hope to dream of Alberto.» Then closed her eyes. 
That’s all the experience she had with boys.
The other girls often flirted or had a boyfriend. She refused any kind of courtship because she loved only Alberto. Actually, it was just an excuse because she was afraid of men and of failure. 
She was the type of person who didn’t like to fail.
He had never even acknowledged her existence.





Chapter6

Eva spent some days alone following lessons and spending time in the canteen. There were many people around, but she had made friends only with Corrinne.
Corinne had taken antibiotics and she had no fever anymore, but the doctor had recommended she remain in her room to recover, someone would have brought her the food. She had had a bad case of tonsillitis and had to take care of herself for some days. It had been easy to become friends with Corinne, but for Eva it wasn’t so easy with others. Small groups had already formed and she thought it was impossible to join them. She visited Corinne as soon as she could, and continued to jog after doing her homework. 
On the fourth day without Corinne, she started to get bored. During the lessons, the level of English was too easy for her and it didn’t take her up too much. She had promised Corinne that she would wait for her to get well to go to London. She had only her jogging to keep her from getting bored and one day, after stretching, she stopped to relax, as usual, under the big tree, leaning her back against the trunk. 
She looked at the sun that was setting, the sky was coloured with red and pink nuances. She closed her eyes after having drunk from her water-flask.
«Hi, Maggie» a voice said behind her. Eva jumped, she was convinced she was alone.
«Hey, I didn’t want to scare you! Do our encounters always have to be so traumatic? »
It was that English guy.
«Who the hell told you that my name is Maggie? My name is Eva» she answered, pretending to be calm.
She was still scared, but didn’t want to show it, just as she didn’t want him to understand that she was happy to talk to someone. He sat near her. 
«So, you jog. I’ve been watching you for a while, from that bench over there… Maggie. »
«Would you stop calling me Maggie? Where did you hear…» she didn’t finish her words, because he turned to look at her while cleaning his glasses with his t-shirt, and she saw his eyes which were of a deep blue and of a shocking beauty. 
The pin heads behind his glasses were in reality terrific blue eyes. He had a perfect smile, that Eva had already noticed and appreciated, as well as a magnetic look. The girl swallowed and looked at the sky that had become even more red. 
«What’s up? Don’t you like the name Maggie? » he asked, while putting his glasses back on. 
Eva found it easier to look at him now. 
«How bad is your eyesight? » she asked, changing the subject.
«I’m short-sighted, I’m as blind as a bat, but I can see very well up-close» he answered maliciously, taking off his glasses and staring at her closely with his blue eyes. 
Eva got up suddenly, like a spring.
«If you don’t stop call me Maggie, I won’t talk to you anymore! » she said, turning to run away. 
He got up too. «Hey, wait, are you always running? Hold on a second… Eva! »
Eva stopped. 
«What’s up? »
«How is Corinne? »
«She’s better, but she has to stay in her room and I miss her, I don’t know anyone and I’m starting to get bored» she said, surprised by her frankness.
«You know me, we can have dinner together this evening, if you want. »
«I’ve never seen you in the canteen. »
« You’ll see me this evening.  At eight p.m. at the entrance, ok? »
«Ok» Eva said, turning around to run with her heart beating fast, but not for the run.
After a long shower, she got dressed. She opened the wardrobe looking for something nice, but she realized that she had brought only jeans with her. There were all kinds, short, long, light-coloured, black and dungarees. But just jeans.
She took out the best she had, straight-legged and a not too faded blue denim. It was new. She matched a beautiful high belt, a red shirt that she adored, red sneakers and put on big red ear-studs. 
She put around her forehead a red satin ribbon and tied it behind her head, under her fluffy curly hair. She wore strawberry lipstick and shiny eyeshadow, a perfect eighties look. She looked at the mirror, she had made herself up! Yes! She had used her brand-new make-up case, the one she had received for Christmas, and had even put on the earrings and the ribbon Patty had given her. She found that she looked different, she was feminine. Was it because of the English guy? She ignored the thought and left the room. He had already arrived and was leaning against the wall, reading something, right outside the canteen.  He was wearing a pair of jeans too, with a white linen shirt. Eva stopped to look at him for a while before going up to him. The jeans fit him perfectly and his body was thin and well-built. His face had perfect features. Eva imagined that without glasses and maybe with longer hair, he would be a god.        
She abandoned those thoughts and went up to him.
«Hi! » she said with fake self-confidence.
The guy gave her a long look then answered «Hi. God, you’re pretty! »
«Thanks. » Eva had blushed for his compliment. She looked down, hoping that the redness would disappear immediately. 
«I mean… you were pretty before too, but you know, you were sweaty and had messy hair from your running…» the guy said, awkwardly. 
«Ok, let’s go in…» Eva hurriedly said, trying to avoid the embarrassment. She stopped talking as if she was trying to call him by name but she still didn’t know it. 
«William, my name’s William» he immediately said, relaxed. 
«Ok, nice to meet you, William. »
«Nice to meet you, Eva, but… may I call you Maggie? » Eva entered the canteen, rolling her eyes, without answering.
They went up to the crowded self-service counter. He gave her a tray and the cutlery. Eva started to choose the food. While he was following her, Eva noticed that he was very kind and polite. 
They sat at a table, and suddenly he took off his glasses. Eva swallowed again when she looked at his eyes. Without those horrible glasses, she could see how immensely handsome he was. He didn’t notice her surprise, and in the meantime, he unrolled the napkin to take the cutlery. 
«Where do you come from exactly? » he asked.
«I’m from a town by the sea, on the Adriatic coast. »
«I knew it. »
«What? »
«I knew that you came from a town by the sea, you’re tanned and in your wonderful black eyes I can see all the sunshine of your land. »
He made another daring compliment, reluctantly. He was embarrassed again and became awkward and silent, aware of having gone too far too soon.
Eva found out that he was shy, despite his sharp tongue. He used it like a weapon to overcome his insecurities and his melancholy, that was already visible from the first days. 
Willian decided to break the silence, using his best weapon.
«How is it going with the improvement of your accent? »
«You tell me, you’re English» Eva answered, angrily, letting her fork fall down by mistake.
Again, like at their first meeting, he closed his eyes turning his head slightly, showing his perfect toothpaste commercial smile. That natural movement of his eyes and his head came before his seductive smile that gave him an air of clumsiness mixed with maliciousness, which Eva found immediately irresistible. 
«You know, I must tell you something» he then said, while she was pretending to be indifferent, drinking a horrible orange juice. «I didn’t find out that you were Italian because of your accent. »
«Really? What was it then? My olive skin, maybe? »
«Maybe it was that, you could even be Spanish. »
«True. So, how did you find out? » she couldn’t hide her curiosity.
Again, his smile, pleased more than ever. It was obvious that he thought Eva was amusing, and this annoyed her. 
«Why do you need to know? Are you, maybe, ashamed of your background? »
He continued to poke at her, something that Eva realized he liked to do very much. 
«You’re wrong, I’m proud of my background. I come from ancient Romans, you know? Those who founded the great Empire when your patronizing Great Britain was still wild» she said, while cleaning her lips nervously. 
Good. Eva had fallen in his provocation. He continued to smile at her, almost laughing scornfully. 
«Is it possible that you don’t remember that you cursed in Italian when I hit you with my book on the stairs? » he said stretching towards her. He waited for Eva to remember it. Then, trying to imitate her, he said in Italian «Porca vacca! » with a strong English pronunciation.
Eva opened her eyes wide. She was an idiot! The usual idiot. 
The guy tried to compose himself, not wanting to offend her and drank to stop laughing and iron out his smile. When he put his glass down, he was serious again. 
«Listen, among all the foreigners I’ve heard speaking in English here, you’re the first one who speaks and expresses herself very well, you’ve an above-average level. You probably should be attending the advanced course, without going through the basic levels like you’re doing now. »
It was just what Eva wanted to hear, considering that the comment came from an English person. She felt proud, very relieved. 
«I didn’t make that decision» she answered with nonchalance, looking elsewhere. «One must go on step by step in these courses. Correct me every time I’m wrong and tell me the exact pronunciation of the words. I think there’s no better school than this. »
He leaned back maliciously against the chair. «I couldn’t ask for anything better. »
«What do you think about skipping one of your useless lessons and tomorrow morning you come with me to the city to practise your English? There will surely be some parts of London that you haven’t seen yet and I would like to accompany you. I was born in London. I could grant any one of your wishes» he hurried to say, seizing the opportunity.
Eva was incredulous. Was he inviting her on a date with him?
Despite her age, it was unbelievable but true, Eva had never dated a guy. And at that moment, for the first time, the thought of Alberto didn’t cross her mind at all. 
«I think it’s a good idea, considering that I’ve never been in the city» she whispered, pretending self-confidence and instead acted interested in the fruit he had put on the table for both of them.
«What? Are you saying that you haven’t visited London yet? Have you, maybe, confused this place for a prison? »
«No, of course not, but you know, I promised Corinne that we would visit it together, I’m waiting for her to get well. »
«You can go again together. London is a fantastic city, full of things to see. To see it all, you should come back often» he insisted vehemently. 
«All right, let’s go, but I want to tell Corinne first. »
William didn’t hide his joy for having convinced her. He curled his lips and nodded, satisfied. He raised his glass full of disgusting orange juice and invited her to do the same with hers. 
«Here’s to your first time in the mythical London, cheers! » he said toasting with her.
After dinner, Eva ran to Corinne to tell her everything in detail. 
«Oh, mon amour, I would have never forgiven you if you had rejected his invitation because of me. We’ll go back together to the places you’ll visit tomorrow and you’ll be my guide. Go please and enjoy yourself» she said sitting on her bed, excited by her story, hugging her legs and swinging back and forth. 
The following morning Eva arrived on time at the college fountain. She was wearing denim shorts, sneakers, a t-shirt with the picture of Bruce Springsteen on it, cat-shaped sunglasses and her inevitable old rucksack. William arrived from the outside. It was clear that he didn’t sleep in the college. He was dressed casually with camouflage Bermuda shorts, a black t-shirt, sneakers and big prescription sunglasses. 
«Good morning, are you ready? » he said with a smile.   He perfectly fit her taste in men.  
«Good morning to you too. I’m ready» the girl said daringly and full of energies. 
They took the bus that brought them to the city. As soon as Eva got down, she looked around enchanted, although there was nothing there to see that could enchant a normal human being on holiday in London, yet. But she wasn’t any normal human being, she had been dreaming of that lively and exciting city for years. 
The streets were busy and pacey. The English language resounded in the air, she looked with admiration at the red double-decker London Buses that passed by her, while William looked at her, enjoying her excitement.
«I have an emergency» she said suddenly, after taking a deep breath. 
«Do you need to go to the toilet? »
«No, I need a camera. » she had always had a passion for taking photos. 
William showed her a store that sold everything, where they found disposable cameras. Eva bought one with a thirty-six roll of film, and while she was paying for it, she saw that William was rummaging through his bum-bag, worriedly. 
«I’ve forgotten my glasses, damn it! I’ve just got my prescription sunglasses, luckily» he said «they’re too dark for indoors.  That means you’ll have to guide me when we’re indoors. »
They went on and took the underground. This time, Eva opened her mouth and eyes wide when they got out and she looked up at what William was pointing at. In front of her there was the mythical Big Ben, the one she had admired so many times in the books.
After some moments of rapture, she turned towards William. He was smiling, radiant and grateful, he was the reflection of her happiness and thoughts that thanks to moment were crystal clear.  There was a marked childlike excitement. 
That fresh-faced girl and her slight nuance of naiveté was a rare example of pure candour. William looked at her, probably surprised by her genuine immaturity, and felt enraptured because life had made him grow up way too quickly taking away his innocence. 
Eva wanted a photo and asked a passer-by to take one of them. They were taken from their waist up, smiling, while their heads were touching each other, above them was the mythical clock in the background. 
They visited everything without getting tired thanks to Eva’s enthusiasm. They walked quickly from one side of the city to the other, going in and out of the underground as if they were crazy. Eva wanted to see everything immediately: Buckingham Palace, Tower Bridge, Kensington. 
«Let’s stop to eat something, please! You don’t want to see all of London in one day, do you? » he said suddenly, exhausted, leaning against a wall. 
«Uhm… ok, I’m hungry too» Eva said. 
They stopped at the first fast-food, sat down and realized how tired they were. They chatted for a long while about what they had seen, about England, Italy, but didn’t talk about their personal lives. When they were eating ice-cream, Eva gathered her courage. 
«I’m curious, why are you the only student who attends college in the summer? »
William looked up from his chocolate ice-cream and blinked awkwardly, noticing how she had changed their conversation. 
«Well, I’m not the only one. I’ve got a special pass that gives me access to the library and the canteen even during the summer, and if I want to, I can also sleep there. »
Eva sensed there was something else but he didn’t want to talk about it, and decided not to insist, especially because he had suddenly become sad after having been happy and light-hearted all day. He remained silent, focusing on his ice-cream, as if to say that he didn’t want to linger on that subject. He moved uneasily and pulled on the collar of his shirt, showing his neck and the chain he wore around it that ended with a “S”. It was clearly a woman’s necklace, that he kept hidden under his t-shirt.  
Eva felt that perfect harmony that was growing between them, shatter instantly.  Why? After all, he was only an English stranger who had offered to show her around his city.  So, what was that negative feeling that she had when she saw that “S”?
«Now, I would like a coffee, but an Espresso» Eva almost shouted. 
William looked up, this time he was really surprised. 
«Well, honey, we’re in London and I don’t know if…»
«I know where we are, and I’m not your honey» Eva growled. 
William understood that her mood had changed, but not the reason why. 
«Okay, what’s up now, you’re having caffeine withdrawals? Calm down! I’ll try to remember if there are any Italian coffee bars around. London is big and…»
«It’s unlikely that your girlfriend will see you with me» Eva said bitterly, with her eyes on that damned “S” that now was outside his t-shirt. 
«My…» William didn’t finish his words. He preferred to smile while stretching out on the chair with his arms crossed. He looked at her, amused. 
Damned him!
«Actually, damned me» Eva thought to herself, because she wasn’t capable of controlling her impulses in front of a guy who knew a lot more than she did about the relationships between men and women!
«Now, tell me, what makes you think I have a girlfriend? » he continued smiling.
His good humour was back again, thanks to her comment, Eva noticed with irritation.
«Oh, don’t misunderstand…I mean…I don’t really care… but…»
«What’s your problem, the expresso or the fact that I have a girlfriend? » he said without mercy, putting his elbows on the table and leaning towards her.
«The coffee! Of course, the coffee, it makes me nervous. Actually, something odd happens. People usually get nervous when they drink coffee, instead, I get nervous when I don’t drink it» she said with embarrassment.
«From bad to worse» Eva thought, it would have been better if she had kept her mouth shut.
William continued to have a smile on his face that slowly became a sneer, with a sparkle in his blue eyes. 
Handsome.
Handsome and at times vaguely annoying.
«I’ll try to satisfy, uhmm, your need» he said maliciously.
«Anyway, just for your information, I don’t have a girlfriend» he pointed out, leaning even more towards her, letting the “S” he had around his neck hang visibly, as if to contradict him.
Eva didn’t believe him, but she felt she had to change the subject.  She was walking on hot coals, too dangerous for an inexperienced girl like her. 
«Let’s go look for the Espresso» she said, trying to compose herself.  She managed to do so because he started asking questions about the Italian coffee, why it was drunk in small quantities, and so on.
They went out and continued to walk for quite a while around the city, without talking about personal matters, nor finding an Italian coffee bar. 
«The bus! » William shouted suddenly, after looking at his watch.  «We’re going to miss the last bus, damn it! »
Eva looked at him in shock.  Without giving her the time to say a word, he took her by the hand «Come on! »
He started running, pulling her along, towards the underground station. They caught a crowded train.  They found themselves glued to one another among the numerous bodies, packed like sardines, and the loud noises. Eva started to feel that she couldn’t breathe. She didn’t know if it was because of the crowd of people or because of the nearness of William’s body. He had taken his glasses off, placing them on his head, and was staring at her. Their faces were just a few centimetres away from each other. The loud noise of the train prevented any kind of conversation, leaving them to look into each other’s eyes.
Eva suddenly felt alive because she was so close to William’s body.  
He held her by the waist tightly and protectively, as if to make sure she didn’t get away.  Eva felt his sweaty skin next to hers.  She smelled his scent, a mix of a popular men’s cologne and his unmistakable scent, it was inebriating.
Eva closed her eyes, captivated. It was obvious that together they were feeling something unique, it was a matter of chemistry. 
The magic moment was interrupted by the announcement that they had arrived at their destination. 
They left the underground and ran to the bus stop.
«Do you remember where you have to get off? » William said, puffing out of breath.
«Even if I don’t remember, I see lots of other students who are at my college waiting at the bus stop.  I can’t make a mistake. »
«Ok, so I don’t have to worry about you. »
He put his hands in his pockets, awkwardly. He wanted to say goodbye nonchalantly, but it was difficult for him after the moment they had had in the underground. 
«Thanks» Eva said, breaking the silence.  «It’s been a wonderful day, lots of my dreams have come true» she said courageously. 
«I think that some of mine are coming true too» he hinted.
Luckily the bus arrived, getting both of them out of the embarrassment.  The students crowded the entrance, so did Eva, while William waited until she got on. 
«I’ll be back soon» he shouted.  She turned around to wave at him one more time and got on the bus exhausted but happy.





Chapter7


The following morning, after a sleepless night in which Eva thought about what had happened during the day, their tour around the city, their conversations, her negative feeling about the “S” on William’s chain, and especially about that magic moment in the underground, she went troubled and sleepily to the canteen for breakfast. She saw with surprise that Corinne was already sitting at a table enjoying coffee with chocolate cookies. Eva took her food and joined her, anxious to tell her about her adventures. 
«Corinne, how are you? I’m happy to see you among us again. I couldn’t stand eating alone. »
«Alone? » she answered, smiling maliciously and winking at her. 
Eva told her all about her day, while Corinne listened to her, thrilled. 
«Oh, Eva, it’s terrific! I can’t wait to go to the city too.  When are you going to see each other again? You and him, I mean. » She smiled, showing her dimples, and with a romantic air with a real Parisian flair, she rolled her eyes and said dreamily «Oh, mon amour! »
Eva smiled, biting off the chocolate from a tasteless cookie. 
«I don’t know, he just told me that he will come back soon» she answered, finishing the watery concoction that they called coffee. 
«There’s something else» she said nervously, putting her empty cup down with a noise. 
Corinne looked at her with curiosity, imaging who knows what. 
«Nothing good, relax. »
Eva thought she must have had a sad expression, because she saw it in Corinne’s face.
«Did something unpleasant happen? »
«Actually no, but…»
«But? »
«He’s got a woman’s chain around his neck with a “S” charm on it. »
«I don’t understand. »
«You don’t understand what I said? Can I try in French? »
She had understood very well, otherwise she would have smiled pretending to understand. She didn’t want to understand. 
«What do you mean a woman’s chain? Nothing, a whim, a memory» she added, proving she had understood. 
«Or simply a girl. His girlfriend» Eva said sadly. 
«Oh, and so what? It’s not so strange, if he’s as handsome as you say. This doesn’t mean that he isn’t interested in you. He seems to be quite interested. Maybe, he’s in a relationship that isn’t working out anymore. You’ve just met him, give him time. »
Here is another expert, Eva thought. It wasn’t hard for anyone to have more experience than her, actually. For the first time she was annoyed by the awareness that she was completely inexperienced in love affairs. 
Three days went by and she didn’t see William anymore. 
Eva had looked for him everywhere: nothing. Many ideas crowded her mind. She had thought about every possibility, until she finally convinced herself that he wouldn’t be back. With this conviction, after four days from the day spent with William, she decided to visit London with Corinne.   
They went together to see Big Ben and all the other famous sites.  Corinne was happy, but far from being as enthusiastic as Eva.  She visited London as she would have visited any other city.  They returned to the college by dinner time, tired but satisfied.  After dinner they went out for a while to get some fresh air before going to bed.  
They sat on the steps of the fountain in courtyard where so many other students were, happily chatting away.  Corinne, tired and not yet fully recovered from her illness, left Eva to go to her room.  
«Goodnight Corinne, I’m going to sleep too. See you tomorrow at breakfast, hoping we find something yummy. »
«See you tomorrow, goodnight. »  Corinne never commented on the food like she did.  It was obvious that she wasn’t suffering as much. 
Instead, Eva kept dreaming about foamy cappuccinos, Espressos and cornetti! The warm ones filled with jam. She closed her eyes trying to savour the flavour of an Espresso for which she was starting to have withdrawal symptoms. 
«Weren’t you going to go to sleep? » a voice said behind her.
Eva opened her eyes with surprise.
«William! But… but… where did you come from? »
Her heart started beating fast.  She was afraid he could hear it.  She was surprised to see him, just like when she was on the hill. She decided to not ask questions so he wouldn’t notice how sad she was about his absence.  
«How are you? » she forced herself to seem nonchalant. 
«Don’t you want to know where I’ve been? » he asked, as if he had read her mind.
He sat next to her on the step and his knee touched hers.
That small contact brought her thoughts back to the moment in the underground.  She smelled his scent and felt shivers in her body that added to her heart beating crazily. She was afraid to lose control.
«Well, if you’re on holiday, you don’t have to come here every day» she said casually.
«You could have said that some time ago. »  That enigmatic phrase and the look of embarrassment filled her with joy. She hoped he was referring to her. 
«And now, close your eyes again » William said.
«Why? »
«Come on, just close your eyes. »
Eva closed her eyes and when he asked her to open them again, she saw two tickets for the Bruce Springsteen concert that was going to take place at the Wembley Stadium in two days. 
«Who are you going with? » she asked tentatively.
«I thought I’d go with you, but maybe you’re not interested. »
«I’m not…oh, but I adore him! How did you guess? I’ve always dreamed of going to one of his concerts.  How did you manage? »
While placing her hands on her heart, she was about to ask him again how he had found the key to making her happy, immensely happy, but she held back. 
«It was really hard to find the tickets” William said.
«I couldn’t do anything else for three days.  I had to go all over London to find them. »
That’s why he had disappeared.  
«Fortunately, thanks to some old friends, here we are! » and he showed them to her.
«Besides, you know I study chemistry, and with a magic alchemy I found out that Bruce is your favourite singer» he whispered, getting dangerously close to her. 
«An alchemy? » she mumbled, swallowing and opening her eyes wide.
William took his glasses off, pinched his eyes and laughed, his perfect white teeth brightening the darkness. 
He was teasing her again, his favourite pastime.
Before Eva could get offended, he hurried to say «What alchemy?  Don’t you remember you wore a Springsteen t-shirt to London? I don’t think you would have worn it if he wasn’t your favourite singer. »
I’m an idiot, as usual, Eva thought.
«Don’t tease me, please, Will» Eva said, sorrowfully.
«Will? » he repeated, looking at her.
«Yeah, I’ll call you Will! » she said triumphantly, raising her index finger, after noticing his disappointment. 
«Why Will? » 
«Will, like the Prince because you give yourself airs like an aristocrat» she answered vindictively. 
She got up, leaving him there puzzled.  She enjoyed that, for once she had thrown him a curve ball. 
«Let’s think about the concert now.  I can’t wait! » she said, spinning happily on her feet. 
William felt satisfied and Eva didn’t even think for one minute about the “S” around his neck.





Chapter8


William went to pick up Eva with his old metallic-green car. It was dusty like an old steam locomotive and with numerous scratches, on the other hand its interiors clashed with the exterior because they were well-cared for and clean.
«Come on, get in! » he said from the window. They were a few metres from the college and Eva turned for a moment, tempted to go back. She didn’t know him well and getting into his car frightened her a bit. Then she thought about Springsteen and the day they had spent in London and gathered her courage. 
Eva was wearing jeans and a white t-shirt with a recent picture of Springsteen on it, who was dressed just like her. She was also wearing a bandana around her forehead, just like the singer was used to doing. 
As soon as she was in the car, she turned to look at William. He was looking at her too and was hesitating to leave, although the engine was on. 
«What’s up? » he asked, putting the car in gear. 
«Nothing… nothing. Let’s go! »
She was uneasy, and he had noticed it. Could she maybe tell him that for a moment she had been afraid of him and, worst of all, that it was the first time that she was alone in a car with a guy?
Luckily, Will turned the radio on and Dancing in the dark, Springsteen’s favourite song, helped her become happy again. William raised the volume and together they sang it all. Eva savoured the moment she would listen to it live. Every cloud disappeared. 
To access the concert area and find a seat was a real challenge. There was a really huge crowd. Eva turned around «Think what it will be like when we have to get out of here».
Thousands of people were sitting down on the ground, waiting for it to begin, just like them.
«Yeah, but we’ll be satisfied and ready to face anything after three hours of his music » he answered. 
«Three hours? » 
«Even more, didn’t you know that Springsteen’s concerts are like real marathons? »
«Oh, yes, but I hadn’t thought about it. How am I going to get back into the college?   There’s the curfew at midnight, we won’t be there in time».
Eva’s expression was very worried and Will took her shoulders and said «Do you trust me? »
Eva hesitated for some moments, not because she didn’t know what to say, but because Will had taken off his glasses. Those blue eyes were a true alchemy. Had he, maybe, drunk a magic potion that he had prepared himself to make them so magnetic?
«Yes, I trust you” she said quickly, fearful that maybe that pause could make he believe otherwise.
After a long wait, the concert began and they were overwhelmed by the music.  Springsteen was a force of nature, Rambo in comparison was a mollycoddle.  When he started with Born in the USA, he didn’t sing, it was a war cry.  If he had been a warrior, there wouldn’t have been a battle, considering that one-hundred thousand fists were raised in unison, imitating him while he repeated “Born in the USA” as if it were a scream of pain. 
The atmosphere was exciting, joyful, surreal.  “The Boss” as they called him, was the last true great rocker. They danced and sang for hours, and after performing many songs without interruption, the singer took a break, reminding everyone that he too was human. 
He then made some funny comments to the audience, followed by a gesture of his hand to have the technicians lower the lights. Standing under a bluish light, he started to sing his passionate and slow I’m on Fire.
People started switching on their lighters and the area was filled with tiny stars, creating a memorable and suggestive atmosphere. 
Eva turned around to look at the audience that was huge and formed a dark blanket of tiny trembling flames.
She and William looked at each simultaneously. He mimicked switching on a lighter, and mimed the words “Do you have a lighter?”.  Eva shook her hear negatively.  Not even the couple in front them had one, and were making up for it by dancing in each other’s arms. William looked at them then turned towards Eva. He took off his glasses and with his eyes he made her understand that he wanted to dance too.  He hugged her waist and moved close to her.  Eva put one hand on his shoulder and the other was held tightly by him. They danced slowly, gazing into each other’s eyes. Will moved even closer and put his cheek to hers. Suddenly, he stopped and held her tight.  A few seconds later he moved his cheek away and stared at her again.  Theirs noses touched, his hands moved up from her waist to her shoulders.  His scent… 
She felt shivers up and down her spine, that went up to her shoulders along with his hands, and she felt them in her lips that slowly opened. 
Springsteen kept repeating with his enticing voice I’m on Fire as if he was singing just for them. 
On the final notes of the song, William touched Eva’s lips with his.
He moved away to look at her briefly, then kissed her again with passion.  He moved his lips away and hugged her tight.
The darkness enveloped them.  The lights disappeared when the song ended and they stayed like that as if to fix the moment.  
A drum roll and flashing lights gave the signal of a new song while the singer jumped back and forth on the stage, and they jumped. The audience’s enthusiasm burst out, and the show captured them again.  The party continued on for quite a while and went way past midnight, with rock and roll and twist dances that nobody could avoid.
Eva and Will walked out with the others after the overwhelming finale, towards the exit.  They were exhausted but extremely happy.  It was a long exit and during the entire time William held her hand. 





Chapter9

After a car ride full of embarrassing moments, enthusiastic comments and complaints about the ear-aches due to the high decibels, they reached the college.  
“And now? It’s two o’clock in the morning, nobody will let me in” Eva said, coming back to reality.
William didn’t answer, but turned the car off with a knowing smirk. They got out of the car and walked, hand in hand, away from the main entrance towards the hill. 
“Do you want me to sleep on the tree on the hill?”
“Shhhhhush, be quiet Maggie! Someone could hear us” he insisted with that Maggie. And he wasn’t joking anymore, Eva thought, he pronounced it as if it was her real name. 
She followed him in silence, her hand in his. They reached a thick surrounding wall, in the back of the college. 
«Have you ever climbed over a wall? » he whispered.
«Yes, sure! When I worked at the circus! What’s come over you? » she answered with such a high-pitched voice that Will was forced to put his hand on her mouth. When he was sure she had stopped blabbering, he let her go and put his hands together so she could jump up.  He looked at her and nodded for her to climb up. Eva had no choice and with an agility that surprised him, she put her foot on the “ladder” and with her other foot she jumped on the wall. She then raised her body, using her hands as leverage, and found herself with her legs astride on the wall. 
Will smiled at her satisfied from below, gesturing “ok”. He put his foot in a hole in the wall that he knew well, that seemed to be there on purpose. He grabbed some vines and, like Romeo, reached his Juliet.
«Now, let’s jump down, come on, be courageous» he murmured. They touched the ground badly, but safe. Will passed his fingers over his lips, miming the gesture of closing a zipper, to tell her to be quiet. Eva followed him. Like two cats in the darkness, they arrived at a closed window on the ground floor of the building. The moonlight behind the bushy old trees, broke through the darkness, illuminating the window where William put his hand. He pushed it gently and opened it. They climbed over the low windowsill and got in. From the inside, Eva realized that the handle was broken and the window was only closed partially. With the help of the dim light of the moon, they saw shelves with phials, stills and thermometers. They were in a chemistry lab that William knew well. After having closed the window, he lowered the handle slowly, being careful not to make any noise. 
They found themselves in a dark corridor. Eva felt William’s hand in hers again. Her heart was pounding. He guided her around blindly, stealthily, to a staircase that Eva, soon, recognized. It was the one she climbed every day to reach her room. They were in the empty hall, illuminated only by the emergency exit light. 
«Now, you know the path» Will whispered in her ear. 
Eva turned to look at him. She saw the shadow of his face and felt a knot in her stomach. She would have wanted to tell him so many things, but she was overwhelmed with so many emotions that she couldn’t say a word.
«Oh, Will, thanks» she just managed to say.
He smiled, took her bandana off, caressed her head and got closer to kiss her. Eva felt a hot wave cross her entire body.
«See you tomorrow, my dear Maggie» he said, moving away almost suddenly and sighing as if he wanted to control his emotions. Then he disappeared, swallowed up by the darkness of the corridor from which they had arrived. 
After a shower, Eva went to bed without managing to relax. Her eyes were wide open and looking at the ceiling. She was overwhelmed by the emotion and the excitement of the concert.  She couldn’t fall asleep only because of the adrenaline rush, though. Something new was fidgeting inside her. Remembering the softness of Will’s lips, she felt an excitement inside that was flowing quickly under her skin. She spent another sleepless night. At seven o’clock in the morning she fell asleep, completely exhausted, and skipped the lesson. When she saw Corinne in the canteen, she told her everything in a bad English, due to her state of over excitement. She realized Corinne at times couldn’t understand what she was saying by the blinking of her eyes and puzzled look. When she told her about the kiss, the language of love became clearer. Eva told her about William’s hands on her back and about his soft lips, and even if she had spoken Chinese, Corinne would have understood. At the end of Eva’s story, Corinne squealed enthusiastically.
«And then? » she finally asked maliciously with her eyes wide open.
«Then what? He left! »
She seemed disappointed, she had imagined a hotter ending. Evidently, an innocent kiss was too little for her.
For Eva it was a lot, and William had sensed it. He had immediately understood her inexperience, her innocence. That was exactly what seemed to have struck him, as if he were disgusted by the exact opposite.   
«So, he’s coming today! » Corinne said, happily. Fantasizing about them, she raised her spoon in the air, splashing Eva with drops of soup. 
«That’s what he said» her friend replied, moving away to avoid the drops. «This time I won’t have expectations though, I won’t wait for him, at least I think I won’t».
William arrived in the afternoon with one of his friends. When Eva saw him, she felt a knot in her stomach and warmth ran through her body. She was speechless and her heart was pounding in her chest. He smiled as he went up to her. He was embarrassed, she could see it, but soon he regained control.
«Maggie, this is Steve, my best friend, my only friend» he said to Eva who was with Corinne in front of the fountain in the courtyard. 
«Hi, I’m Steve»
«Hi, I’m Eva, even if your friend keeps calling me Maggie. Do you study here too? » she asked.  She was so excited and was trying really hard to ignore the pains in her stomach.
«Yes, I study with William» the guy said happily. 
He was a bit shorter than William, was wearing glasses and he had short light brown hair. He seemed to have a really sweet personality, and looked more British compared to William who was more like a foreigner with his very dark hair, fair complexion and blue eyes. 
«She’s Corinne» Eva said, introducing her friend with a forced smile. 
«Nice to meet me» and they all shook hands.
«Well, what about going to London? » Will asked, trying to take the edge off. 
Corinne and Eva looked at each other and Corinne smiled. 
«All right, Will! » Eva exclaimed. 
For some moments, they all looked at each other, and Eva felt that there was something unusual, almost magical all around them. 
So, that day, near that fountain, under the unusually hot sunrays that created rainbows with the drops of water, four simple young people met for the first time. A rare warmth enveloped London. Their lives were going to intertwine in a lasting way, in a unique story, that only fate knows how to create for every human being.




Chapter10


They went to London by car and William and Steve were perfect guides. 
«Time out! » William whispered falling into the armchair at Betty’s, his favourite pub. 
«Let’s see if there’s something edible here. You’re super with tea and muffins, aren’t you? Or I won’t be lucky here either? » Eva teased them. 
«You won’t be disappointed» Steve said, while William preferred to shake his head looking at the hard to please Italian girl, disapproving her with amusement. 
Then he said «We’ve brought you in a place where we can have fun, eat and drink cheaply. But if you Italians and French have a delicate palate…»
«Hi! » a sweet voice said behind him.
Will turned around, embarrassed. «Hi. »
A very tall, heavily made-up blonde English girl, with chewing gum in her mouth, sat on Will’s arm rest, leaning against him. She barely glanced at the two girls, then looked over at Steve. 
«Steve, where’s Lucy? But maybe now it’s not the right time…» she said maliciously while looking at Corinne who was sitting near him. 
«Are you guys coming tonight? » she continued.
«I don’t think so» Will answered, while trying to move away from her. 
The blonde looked directly at Eva, suspecting that she was the reason for William’s refusal. Unbelievable. She was the English version of Emma, Eva thought. She guessed that there was a prototype in every country.
«It’s a pity because I had something great planned for this evening…» she twittered, looking at Will again with a lingering gaze. 
«Next time, Sandy, ok? » Will said coldly. 
Sandy?
Eva suddenly remembered the “S” on the chain she knew was around Will’s neck, it probably stood for “Sandy”. 
«If you prefer, Corinne and I can take the bus, so you and Steve…»
«The last ride has already left and we surely can’t abandon you in London. We want to take you back to the college» Will said, while he kicked her under the table to shut her up. 
«Hey, they’re foreigners! From the accent I would say Italians. Now I understand» Sandy said pronouncing her words clearly. 
The accent, Eva’s Achilles’ heel, and that girl too had managed to find it. Yes, it must be the “S” of that damned chain, Eva thought. She had the impulse to strangle William.
«What do you mean? If I’m not asking too much» Eva asked the blonde bitterly.
«Forget it» Sandy answered scornfully, moving away from William. 
«Well, my darling, when you’re finished with these little girls, you know where to find me» she said kissing her finger and brushing it on Will’s cheek. She left wiggling her hips in her tight leggings, waving at Steve and ignoring the girls. 
She was even more unpleasant than Emma, Eva thought. Corinne had remained silent, almost intimidated by the blonde’s manners. She had heard Lucy’s name associated with Steve’s, but it didn’t bother her, while Eva’s blood was boiling, instead. 
«If you think I came to London to let myself be treated with disdain by your friends, or if you even think that we Italians are a sort of inferior race, then…»
At that point Will, who had avoided making any reference to their intimate moments of the night before, all the day, took her hand to calm her down. He held it tight and Eva felt as if he were holding on to her entire soul which she felt was suddenly caught in a vise.
«I’m not thinking about anything, only that I’m really happy to be here with you» he said warmly. 
As he usually did, he removed his glasses, and those blue eyes, that had suddenly become serious, pierced Eva’s as if they were laser beams.  They reached her poor stomach, that was already raddled from the local cuisine, and now also emotionally. She stopped talking, his message was loud and clear.
The waitress arrived with a tray full of tea and biscuits, and this was a welcome distraction. 
Everyone except Eva, who continued to look at Will’s chain. Then she decided to drink the steaming hot tea, while Corinne and Steve talked happily about the biscuits. Eva looked over her cup at William’s serious eyes, suddenly absorbed in his thoughts. She didn’t know anything about him and having kissed him could mean nothing, she thought. 
«Tea and muffins are Britain’s feather in the cap, don’t you think? » Corinne asked her, making her come back to reality. 
«Yeah…» Eva answered aloof, under Will’s pensive look.

«Corinne, help me please! » Eva said one evening, after Will had kissed her on her lips before leaving, causing her a great excitement. 
«For what, mon amour, judging from the way he kissed you, I don’t think you need help. It’s done, right? »
«What’s done? »
«Well, you just need to go on a date alone and…» she interrupted, showing the palms of her hands. 
«And… what? »
«Oh, dear, I don’t think I’ll have to explain what you must do! »
Eva looked at her desperately. 
«Well… maybe… yes» and she blushed. 
«I don’t understand. »
She had understood. 
«Do you mean that you’ve never had sex with a guy? »
She had never even dated a guy! Except for the evening of the concert, but she didn’t tell her. For the first time in her life, she was ashamed of it.
«Oh… Oh… Oh…» Corinne shouted with her hand on her mouth. 
«What’s that, are you shouting or laughing? » Eva said, looking down.
«Oh, sorry, I didn’t want to offend you, but you know at our age, everyone’s already had some experience. »
«So… you too? »
«Of course, with my Gilbert! »
«With your…»
Eva immediately understood that maybe out of the four of them, she was the only one who didn’t risk betraying anyone. Corinne had Gilbert. Steve maybe had Lucy and Will… the “S”. She remembered that damned “S”. Sandy. She had forgotten about it and maybe she hadn’t. 
She was surely the only idiot, the deceived one in the group, Eva thought. The only one who fantasised like Cinderella looking for Prince Charming. The others were just looking for a bit of sex. Nothing else. With this distorted conviction, she got up suddenly. 
«Where are you going, mon amour? »
«To sleep. Tomorrow I’ve got lessons and training. Good night. »
Corinne looked at her puzzled. 
Eva wanted to return to doing things she was good at: English and running. Sex and men weren’t for her. 

«Hi, are you ready for Notting Hill? »
Will didn’t receive any answer. Eva was tying her running shoes, ready to start.
«Today, I’m staying here. I must train, I’m behind with my schedule» she answered determined, jumping up and down to warm her muscles. 
«Your schedule? You’re in London and you’re thinking about your schedule? What, are you going to the Olympics? »
Will looked at her frowning, he felt that there was something strange in her behaviour. 
It was a hot July afternoon and he had just arrived by car with Steve, who in the meantime, had joined Corinne in the courtyard. 
«Didn’t you want to see Portobello Road? »
Damn it, if she wanted to go! She didn’t want to see him… with his chain that at that moment seemed to slap her in the face as it shined in the sun. Eva continued her stretching without saying a word. Will went up to her and grabbed her arm. 
«What’s up? »
Eva wrenched away and started running. Will grabbed her by her t-shirt, holding her back. 
«Hey, how dare you? Let me go! »
«No way! No until you tell me what’s up? »
If he had pulled a bit more, he would have ripped the beautiful name-brand t-shirt her mother had given her.   
«I’m finding out only now that you are… you’re impolite! »
«Impolite» Will said, smiling maliciously. 
«Yes, and stop making fun of me and… not only that…»
The last words made him understand the reasons of her strange behaviour.
«That is? » he said, pulling her towards him.
He was very close to her now. Lethally close!
«That is I don’t want to flirt with someone who is engaged. »
She had said it. 
«What? » Will took off his sunglasses, letting her go. Then he started laughing uncontrollably.  
It was really too much. Eva started running at full speed. 
«Stop, please! » he shouted and stopped laughing. 
Eva hated him, she had let a stupid English guy get away with making fun of her. 
«My knee hurts from this morning’s tennis match, don’t force me to run after you. I order you to stop! » he shouted half-seriously, while Eva was moving away. 
«Maybe, you can order Sandy to do something, but certainly not me, dear! » she answered while still running. She turned around to look at him without stopping, to give him the last jibe. 
«And if you think you’ve found yourself a summer distraction to add to your trophies, I…»
«I love you! » Will exclaimed. 
Eva fell down. She didn’t know if there was a hole in the ground of if she had a slight heart attack.  She was on her knees on the hill and in pain, she saw a drop of her sweat fall down. 
She was in a cold sweat. 
In the meantime, Will caught up with her, helped her get up in silence, looked at her seriously and embraced her.
«Maybe, you’re right, I’ve waited too long, but this time it’s so different. You’re so wonderfully different. »
Eva’s mind was blank, paralyzed by his words, she was unable to do anything. He stared at her and broke through her armour, he caressed her hair, put his hand on her neck, held her head and kissed her. He caught her tongue with his and moaned gently. Eva responded with her tongue passionately, without breathing. Their kiss was overwhelming, it was a real explosion of passion. He touched her everywhere, it seemed that Eva’s body had just been waiting for his hands full of desire. She moaned as the lust grew. Eva felt his arousal as he hugged her body, Will could have undressed and made love to her right there. She would have let him do it. 
Eva was full of an ardour that she had never felt in her life. Still hugging her, he looked at her questioningly, wondering what kind of spell she was using with him. Of course, he had feelings for her, those that had brought him to tell her that he was in love with her. He became melancholy, maybe he was afraid. Feelings could hurt… hurt a lot…
Corinne and Steve joined them, so they got up, composed themselves, and noticed their friends were holding hands too. 

They went to Notting Hill and then shopping in Portobello Road, and finally to the amusement park as planned. 
Eva was still in shock for the kiss, that’s why she refused to go on the roller coaster. Too many emotions. 
Corinne and Steve instead went on a ride, while William and Eva walked away. 
They were speechless, the kiss had spoken volumes and Eva’s mind wasn’t lucid enough to talk about what had happened. Will too was taciturn, a victim of an emotion he hadn’t expected to feel. 
«Look, The Truth Teller, have you ever played it? » he said suddenly. 
Eva thought about the old film Roman Holiday, where Gregory Peck pretended that the mouth was eating his hand, frightening the gorgeous Audrey Hepburn. 
She thought that this mouth could really eat her hand, if she denied the overwhelming feeling she had for him. 
«No, I don’t like this game» she hurried to answer, refusing his invitation. 
«Ice-cream? » Will asked. 
They both wanted to get things back to normal and with an ice-cream it would be easier. 
Eva smiled slightly. «Yesss! »
They sat on a bench licking their ice-creams and regained confidence again. Will decided to be sincere and get rid of his air of bravado which he used to hide his sadness and shyness.
«Maggie… you told me about yourself, your family, about your wonderful normal life. » She had in fact told him that she was an only child and that she was very loved. She was born when her parents were already at an advanced age. She had told him about her school achievements, about her town by the sea and her summers with her friends on the beach. She had told him the story of a simple happy girl.
What about him? What was he trying to tell her? Why were his clear blue eyes so melancholy? Eva didn’t dare ask any questions.
After a pause, Will spoke again, his eyes were looking at the horizon. 
He suddenly became sad and his image was in contrast with the joyful atmosphere around them. 
«I haven’t got a true family. I’ve been alone since my grandparents’ death. My mother comes to visit me sometimes with her partner, between stopovers. » He smiled bitterly and after a pause, he went on «My grandparents raised me up as if I were their son, after my mother broke up with my father and went back to work as a flight attendant. She was always travelling around the world! She wasn’t home very much. »
He was telling her his life story and it was very difficult for him. It was clear that he wasn’t used to it and Eva understood how important she was becoming for him. 
«My father is a rich Spanish film producer. He met my mother when she was very young, in the mid-sixties, and took her to Spain with him, in his world. She appeared on Spanish TV and he promised her a career in show business. Then, she unexpectedly got pregnant with me and trouble started for her. My father didn’t want to acknowledge me and my mother was very disappointed, so she abandoned him and came back to England. After my birth, she returned to work as a flight attendant and sent me to live with her parents while she travelled the world. » He seemed like he wanted to cry, but he swallowed and held his tears back. 
«My grandparents loved me a lot, but then they died, one after the other, some years ago. » He tightened his lips, showing the anger and pain he felt but hadn’t accepted yet. 
«I was just a teenager and still needed them. » He sighed, while a tear rolled down his cheek. He dried it with anger and a lump in his throat stopped him from going on. 
«I’m sorry, Will. » It was hard to say the right words because his pain was still so intense. At that moment, Eva understood his melancholy and contradictory behaviour, and also why he had that black hair, he had inherited it from his father.  Now she knew the reason for his appearance at the college in summer. Everything was suddenly clear. 
«Have you ever met your father? » she asked, encouraged by his openness. 
«Oh, yes, he acknowledged me when I was three years old and he also wanted to get back with my mother, but she didn’t want to. Now he’s trying to get close to me, after a lifetime of only occasional visits » he smiled nervously. 
«Well, he’s still your father and if he wants to give you a bit of love…» 
«Do you think I’m so desperate that it’s better than nothing? »
«No… no.» 
«Yes, indeed, and that’s how it is, but not in the way your romantic mind thinks it is. »
He went back to looking at Eva with renewed bravado. 
He was capable of sudden mood changes, a sign of an unstable personality. 
«Now he’s always looking for me and offers me little bit parts in the entertainment business, knowing how useful it is for me. »
He sat back on the bench with a serene look on his face, stretching his arms out. 
«My face appears in some of the Spanish commercials.  It’s good money and not too much work» he added proudly.
«What kind of commercials? »
«Glasses, perfumes…»
Of course, his father wanted to use his good looks, he wasn’t an idiot.
«My mother gets annoyed when she hears that I meet up with my father, and always recites the story of how that selfish liar abandoned her.  But it’s a convenient way for me to earn some money and not depend completely on her, or worse, on her partner, an arrogant and conceited pilot. »
He suddenly got up from the bench, apparently the topic annoyed him quite a bit. He stood there for a moment, sighed, turned towards Eva with a tense expression, and when their eyes met, he relaxed.  
«Come on» he said sweetly, holding his hand out towards her.  Eva held it tight, he pulled her up, put his arm around her waist and held her. 
In that colourful and joyful amusement park, he kissed her passionately again, ignoring everyone and everything around them, while people looked on with curiosity. 
«I might be wrong, but I feel that life is giving me something magical, something that I’ve been looking for, for quite a while» he whispered, when he moved away to catch his breath.
He smiled. “I can’t help falling in love with you” he concluded, paraphrasing Springsteen. For that new declaration of love, he had chosen an Elvis song that the Boss had sung at the concert.
They were both head over heels for each other, and there was no escape.
Meanwhile, Corinne and Steve were walking towards them after a ride on the rollercoaster, hand in hand, dazed, laughing happily and kissing.




Chapter11


The two girls were starting love stories with two foreign guys who lived far away from them, hundreds and hundreds of miles. Was it normal?
No, it wasn’t.
When they left the amusement park, Corinne stopped kissing Steve, looked at her watch and came back to reality. «Eva, how will we get back to the college? It’s very late! »
«Don’t worry, Will knows what to do» her friend answered, thinking about the broken window. 
«Yes, don’t worry, Corinne» Steve said. «Now, let’s go to Betty’s to eat something. I’m so hungry. » 
That’s what happened the following evenings too, until one evening Eva found Sandy clinging to Will who was kissing her and Steve was with the famous Lucy, at Betty’s. Eva’s world fell apart. She ran away and Will rushed after her trying to explain that Sandy meant nothing to him. She had moved in on him, despite his resistance. Corinne, instead, didn’t seem worried about Lucy, considering that Steve dumped her immediately to have dinner with Corinne. But Eva wasn’t Corinne. Her lack of experience intensified her emotions. 
Her distress certainly wasn’t only due to Sandy who had kissed Will. The unacceptable reality was that in a few days Williams had overturned her whole well-organized and perfect life, upsetting her equilibrium. She felt a strong and indomitable feeling rising inside her, and suddenly had a strong desire for sex. What was worse, was that all the rest was taking second place, even her wish to improve her school and sport performances, that was her main objective in life until a short while ago. 
She was sitting on the sidewalk outside the pub and was crying uncontrollably.
«Please, calm down, she took me by surprise, she started kissing me and I didn’t understand anything anymore. But don’t you understand? She did it to make you jealous when she saw you come in. She did it because she is angry, because…» he paused and calmed down. 
He turned to look elsewhere, before continuing «Maybe, she realized that I’ve fallen in love with you» he said, finding it hard to believe that he just repeated those words again, for the second time in a few days. 
Ha had never said such a thing in his life. 
His words were like a sedative for Eva, loosening her tension. 
The girl looked up at him. Will’s eyes were terribly sincere and disarming. 
«She means nothing to me, she never has, it was only sex between us. » He even felt the need to justify himself. 
«You’ve got her chain around your neck, though. »
Will’s face changed immediately, petrified. 
«What? I guessed right? »
«No, you didn’t. »
«Tell me the truth, you didn’t expect me to notice your chain, did you? The “S” that hangs around your neck, near your heart. » She was sarcastic, it was the only thing that always worked in difficult situations, but not now, she realized. 
«Enough! » Will shouted, putting his glasses on again. 
At that moment, Eva understood that his continuous putting on and removing his glasses was linked to his emotional state. 
The image of the shy, reserved, bespectacled guy was a shield for his fears. He suddenly became cold and serious. Eva hardly recognized the guy with warm blue eyes who had brought her into his Eden. 
Eva was frightened. He noticed it and bent his head, looked away and his tough expression melted into his wonderful smile.  In a matter of minutes, he had expressed the various aspects of his personality, the air of bravado, the awkward sadness and his usual blundering self. 
Eva was confused and became nervous again. 
«Listen to me, Englishman…» and she pronounced “Englishman” as if she wanted to say “bastard”, making Will burst out laughing.
«It’s not an “S” for Sandy.  Believe me» he said trying to control himself. Then he suddenly became serious or better melancholy and sad. 
«Ok, it’s not an “S” for Sandy. What is it, then? »
«It’s not Sandy, that should be enough for you. Please. »
At first, he was angry, then amused, then melancholy and now he was pleading. Eva felt she was going mad. «All right, Will. I don’t know what’s happening to me…»
«Don’t say anything, don’t say anything else» and with his index finger, Will caressed her cheek, making her shiver. Eva was his victim again. 
He took her by the hand and they went back inside in silence. 
Eva stayed awake all night, prey of the overwhelming events.

The following morning Eva and Corinne woke up at midday and skipped the lesson. While they were in queue in the canteen, chatting about what happened the previous evening, they heard a voice behind them.
«How are things? » a tall thin teacher, wearing vintage clothing, kindly asked.  
«Very well, thanks» they both answered. 
«I can see that, and now that I’m sure you’re in good health, I assume you’ll be in class tomorrow, won’t you? »
Then he added maliciously «I don’t think it’s necessary to remind two clever girls like you that you need to follow a minimum number of lessons to be admitted to the final exam. Not to mention that to pass it and obtain our prestigious certificate you must study a lot. At times people have returned home without their certificate, disappointing their parents who spent a lot of money to send them here…» 
He moved away elegantly, saying goodbye with a nod. He managed to make the girls feel guilty. 
«He isn’t wrong. We’re here for a purpose, we should calm down. »
«I don’t understand what he said» Corinne said. 
Eva hugged her smiling. She was growing fond of her and convinced her to attend lessons and take less trips to London. They needed to scale down, their emotions were prevailing over them.   The Little Miss Perfect voice inside her called her back to order. 
So, Will and Steve helped them get back on track by visiting them only in the afternoons. Will even started running with Eva on the path up the hill, and after many quiet days, one evening they went to Betty’s for a hot dog. 
Steve and Corinne had gone elsewhere, Will and Eva had noticed that they preferred to be alone. They returned late to the college, where Will would stay overnight. Jumping over the usual wall and entering through the window was now a routine, but that evening, when Will tried to push the window open, he found it closed. Blocked! He turned worriedly towards Eva. 
«It won’t open! » he whispered. 
«What are we going to do now? » she answered, frightened. 
Will nodded to her to follow him, they went back and jumped over the wall again. 
He had taken the path backwards many times, Eva hadn’t though, and forgetting that on the other side there was a street and not turf, with a hazardous jump, in the darkness, she sprained her ankle and scratched her arm. 
«Damn it! You need some ice… and what did you do here? » Will noticed that her forearm looked like it had been through a cheese greater. 
«It’s just a scratch, it’s nothing» Eva answered, but it burnt a lot. 
Will helped her get up and looked at her worriedly while she was trying to recover. When Eva reassured him, he sighed sorrowfully «Who has repaired that damned window in summer, when the laboratory is not used? Damn it, how will we get back in from now on? » He seemed more worried about this, than the fact that they were now “homeless”.
«What do we do now?  Sleep under the stars? » Eva asked.
«Let’s go back to London. We’ll sleep at my place. My mother and her partner have already left by now. I’ll be able to disinfect your wound and put ice on your ankle» he said, walking towards his car. 
Eva was frightened at the idea of sleeping at Will’s. She remained still, speechless and didn’t follow him. He realized she was petrified and turned to look at her. After a short questioning look, he put his hands in his pockets and with the usual movement of his head and of his eyes, he smiled. 
«I’ll sleep in my mother’s bed and you in mine, it’s in the other room. And if you’re afraid that the beast that’s in me, can wake up in the middle of the night and devour you, you can lock yourself in» he finally whispered, went up to her and winked.
Eva forced a laugh, she realized that Will had understood that she was totally inexperienced in regard to sex.
They arrived at his house and again Eva froze at the door after he opened it.  He took her hand and smiled at her to give her encouragement, then dragged her unceremoniously inside.
They went upstairs and entered Will’s room, where he finally turned on the light. Eva thought that he probably loved the darkness because he moved around in it easily, like a cat. She noticed an electric guitar against the wall, under a big poster where a gorgeous little boy with a perfect smile and big blue eyes, held a biscuit as if it were a sword, sitting on a box that was being advertised in Spanish.
Eva, amused, was about to ask if that child was him, when she heard the sound of a television on in the next door. 
Suddenly, Will told her to be quiet and turned off the light. They listened while he tightened her hand. The sound of the TV mixed with a man’s laughter. 
«It’s my mother’s companion. They didn’t leave, damn it! » he whispered in her ear. 
A moment later, the door of his mother’s room opened. The two of them hid behind Will’s door. 
His mother entered the room, turned the light on and opened wide the door, almost touching their noses. 
«William? »
«He isn’t here, you just imagined it» the man shouted from the other room. The woman switched off the light and closed the door. 
They were safe.  When they were sure that his mother had returned to her room and closed the door, they slowly left, holding hands in the darkness. 
The carpeting absorbed any noise their footsteps made while they went towards the stairs to leave.
Eva turned, frightened, surprised by the dim light that filtered from under Will’s mother’s closed door.  Her heartbeat would have made a monitor go off the charts. She would have been less afraid to walk through the corridor of a haunted English castle. They were almost out of that damned corridor, when they heard a door open. 
Will hid in a corner behind a wardrobe and pulled Eva against him, making her shiver, although it wasn’t time for certain thoughts. Why were they running away as if they were two thieves?
«William, it’s you! Why were you hiding? » the man said when he saw them.
Exactly!
After a moment of confusion, Eva recognized in that big man, the one whom her uncle had met at the airport in Rome, when he had accompanied her to take the flight to London. Her uncle and the man had shaken hands and had had a coffee together. They said once they had been friends. The man had asked what they were doing at the airport and her uncle had answered that Eva was leaving for London. He had turned towards her, pinched her cheek as if she were a child and had said «Good, are you going to meet some handsome English guy? »
«No, I’m going to study English» she had answered, annoyed by his malicious tone. 
«Uhm, that’s what they all say! »
Eva had found him hateful and now he was in front of her in an embarrassing situation, hugging an English guy and hiding as if she were a thief. 
«Hi, small world, isn’t it? » he said in Italian. «I see that you’re busy studying English even at night! »
In Rome she had found him disgusting, and right now she really hated him. 
She didn’t answer him, and Will, who hadn’t understood anything, hurriedly said «Well, we were leaving. Good night. » He pulled her towards the door. 
«Will! » a sweet voice exclaimed behind them. It was his mother. She was very gorgeous and it weren’t for her blonde hair, she would have been a female version of Will. She had the same blue eyes and the same radiant smile. 
«Don’t you want to introduce me to this gorgeous girl? » she continued. 
Her eyes were sincere, she seemed happy that her son was with a girl.
The man answered for him «She’s Eva and she is my dear friend’s niece. She’s Italian like me.»
Will couldn’t bear him, surely for many reasons, and Eva agreed that there was nothing likeable about him. 
Will’s mother got closer to Eva. «I’m very happy to meet you, Eva. I hope to see you soon and maybe we could have a tea together» she said with same wonderful smile as her son, tightening her hand. 
«Of course, a tea. Prepare the vanilla one when you would have finished the Copernican revolution on your flights. That is in three hundred and fifty-five days? Or four hundred? When will you come back exactly? Oops, I almost forgot, maybe Eva will already have left by that time» Will said ironically, showing his resentment towards his mother.
They were already outside the door, but Eva turned around to wave goodbye and managed to see his mother’s sad reaction from her son’s reproach, that surely was referred more to the past than to the present. 

«Believe me, I try but it’s really hard! » Will said as soon as they were outside. His words explained how difficult it was for him.  It seemed as if he was out of breath in his house, and now that he was out, he could relax again. 
He adored his mother, but he was full of resentment and, although he wouldn’t have admitted it even under torture, he was jealous of her companion. An arrogant Italian, who had made his mother happy again, after many years of loneliness. Every attempt to get on her son’s good side had been worthless and would be so for many years to come.   Eva saw life through pink glasses, as thick as Will’s, but she could understand that the lack of parental love had left deep wounds in Will. The result was that Eva grew even more fond of him, and that irrational natural urge that women have, to play Florence Nightingale and save men, was awakened inside her. 
They returned to the car, he nervously started it up and left. Eva didn’t know their destination, neither did he but he then went in the direction of the college. 
« You don’t really want to sleep on the tree, do you? »
«Why, not! » he answered winking at her, serenely. 
They stopped at the foot of the hill and walked towards the tree. Eva couldn’t fight against that bizarre idea, she was exhausted from the events and emotions of the day, besides they didn’t have any alternatives. 
It was late and the air was cool under the stars. They lied down under the big tree in a blanked that Will had taken from his car.
They stayed awake for a long time, embracing as if they wanted to melt into each other for protection from the cold of the night. Eva shivered and Will, to warm her, started caressing her vigorously. Then his hands slowed down and his caresses became more ravenous. 
Their bodies started to tingle and he kisses her, exploring her body with growing audacity.  Eva’s heart beat really fast and a wave of heat went through her entire body. Will was awakening a new Eva, a repressed and ignored Eva that had hidden away for fear.  She started to return his caresses and their passion grew beyond reason.  He was an expert, though, and managed to calm his excitement, though it was difficult.  He stopped caressing her, looked at her lovingly, as if to read her thoughts.
“I don’t want you to regret it” he whispered in her ear, knowing that her first time was yet to come.






Chapter12


Eva went to class late in the morning, limping and with eyes puffy like those of a toad, her voice hoarse and the scratches on her arm were redder than the previous evening. 
The teacher who had lectured her in the canteen, looked at her with disapproval. It seemed that he would have paid anything to know what she did in her English evenings. 
«Well, Miss Eva Nero, read this passage with the intonation and pronunciation that I used yesterday, please» he asked, sounding like a bitter old bachelor. 
He knew that Eva had skipped class the day before and he wanted to punish her, showing her lack of commitment to the others, but she left him speechless. The teacher couldn’t know how much he was wrong to challenge her in that field. Eva was a decade behind her peers with regard to sex and boys, but the Little Miss Perfect in her had benefitted from her perseverance. 
She read the text fluently and pronounced even the most difficult words perfectly, and the teacher didn’t get the satisfaction he wanted. The girl’s voice was hoarse due to spending the night under the tree, but her pronunciation was excellent.
When she finished, the teacher looked at her surprised, grimacing. Then, he let another student read the same passage, without praising Eva. He continued to glare at her, while listening to the terrible reading of the other girl, as if he wanted to know the secret of the absent-minded girl in the class. In the meantime, Eva had turned towards Corinne to gloat about the teacher’s humiliation, but she found her very distracted and uninterested in everything. Eva’s curiosity fired up. 
«What’s up? » she asked her when they were outside the classroom. Corinne stopped in the corridor, holding on tight to her books. 
«Did you make love with Will last night? » she asked Eva suddenly.
Eva blushed. 
«N… no, no» she mumbled. She then dragged her friend by her elbow, afraid that the others could hear her.
«Why not? You’re in love with each other. It’s clear, what are you waiting for? »
«Well, I don’t deny that I’m crazy about him, but… well…» Eva was ashamed. Corinne was touching her nerve.
«Sooner or later, you’ll have to, won’t you? »
«Yes, of course… But…» she continued to mumble awkwardly. 
«Eva, let yourself go, it’s just a bit hard the first time, but then… Oh, mon amour, you don’t know what you’re missing! The important thing is that you take precautions» she said, passing from a dreamy tone to a serious one. 
«That’s for sure! » Eva said, moving her hand in the air, pretending to know perfectly well what precautions her friend was talking about. In reality, the only condoms she had seen in her life were those in the scene of a famous film where the whore showed to her client a range of small coloured plastic bags. She had realized they were condoms, but she thought they had to be taken like medicines. 
«Be careful, the cheap ones can break» Corinne said with her eyes wide open and raising her index finger in front of her face.
«Obviously! » she answered, opening her eyes wide too. If she could only understand why a plastic bag with medicine in it could break!
«It happened to me once, you know? » Corinne then whispered, breathing on her face.
«Really? » Eva pretended to be dumbfounded. «You mean the bag opened? » She was trying to get information, hoping not to show her complete ignorance on the matter, of which she was ashamed. 
«What bag? »
«Oh, I don’t know what that stuff is called in English…» she mumbled. She was trying to find a way out. She noticed Corinne’s puzzlement. «Even if it breaks… isn’t it enough to have another one? Maybe… of another colour. »
Corinne laughed.
«Mon amour, after you got pregnant or worse, you got a bad infection, another one is useless. Come on, relax, it almost never happens. Yesterday, for example, everything went well with Steve. »
«With Steve? You have… you have…» Eva couldn’t believe her ears. 
«Yes, I only hope that Gilbert doesn’t find out. You know, after these experiences, sometimes it’s easy to make a mistake. »
«Gilbert? » Eva shouted, even more puzzled. 
It’s useless, it would take her years to make up for lost time in that field. She then tried to calm down, to hide her lack of experience when it comes to romantic relationships. She regained control and in a calm voice she continued «Oh, are you still with Gilbert? »
Her friend snorted. «It’ll be three years in a month. Three years are a lot, you know? »
Corinne had a boyfriend and she had cheated on him with Steve. And was it normal too?
«Forgive me if I ask you, but are you in love with Gilbert? »
«At the beginning I was, a lot… and even now, yes. »
“Of course not!” Eva wanted to shout, but she held back. Again, the knowledge of being a green horn in love annoyed her, and she decided she had to get on the same wavelength. Her body had obviously reacted, especially at night when she rolled over in her bed without being able to sleep. It wasn’t the adrenaline from doing sports, which had always been the main cause of her insomnia. For some years, she had deliberately avoided experimenting with sex because she considered it a useless complication. Actually, she was afraid of it, and she had to fall in love to realize it. 

«You haven’t explained it to me yet » Eva said to Will one afternoon while enjoying a fruit shake at Betty’s. That place was like a second home to them. 
«What? » he said sipping his milk shake, making a loud gurgling sound. 
«You must tell me who Maggie is. One of your ex-girlfriends who broke your heart? »
As usual, Will turned slightly and laughed, half closing his eyes. Eva adored his behaviour.
«It’s the character of a fairy tale. When I was a child, my grandmother used to read them to me. Whichever one she chose, she knew that she had to finish with Maggie’s stories, a mischievous but adorable little girl. »
«What’s that got to do with me? »
«When I saw you the first time on the stairs at the college, I don’t know why, but you reminded me of Maggie. Now I know that I was right. You’re brilliant, but a bit naïve, just like Maggie. »
He used the word naïve, that annoyed her. She had to put an end to that idea.
«I really miss my grandmother Susan. You can’t imagine how much» Will said, surprisingly. 
«Oh, Will, I’m so sorry. I didn’t want to remind you of painful thoughts. »
Susan? He said “Susan”! The “S” on the chain!
Eva slapped her forehead, now she understood! Did some crash course exist for idiotic and naïve girls?
In the meantime, Will stretched out of his chair to kiss her, he had already started to dismiss his sad thoughts thanks to her presence. 
«You must have been a real rascal back then, at the time of Maggie’s fairy tale, judging from the poster in your room. You’re that child who advertised the biscuits, aren’t you? » Eva continued, trying to distract him.
«Yes, my father made me do some commercials for the Spanish TV, as he had already done with my mother. She’s the one who interrupted my career. She wanted me to stay away from the world my father lived in and that she had been a part of. It had really disappointed her! » He then smiled, anticipating what he was going to say. «I think that little actor will resume his career soon. » He liked the surprise that he saw in Eva’s eyes. 
«I’ve just accepted an offer from my father that will let me earn some money for the flight ticket. » He stretched back on the chair, his arms crossed, with a relaxed and satisfied attitude as if he had just sealed a big deal. 
«A ticket… to go where? » Eva asked anxiously, worried that he wanted to run away. 
«To Italy, for the Christmas holidays. To visit you, of course! » he said, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. 
His words threw Eva into a celestial atmosphere and she instinctively got up to hug him. She held him so tight that his glasses fell off and his chair wobbled.
«I would even have an eye transplant if it would help me get rid of these damned glasses! » With Eva in his arms, he was starting to feel like that shied was unnecessary. 
«And where would you find another pair of eyes like yours? » she said while sinking into his eyes as usual.




Chapter13


Eva, of course, passed her final exams and received her certificate.  Corinne did too, although with less points.
Their boyfriends were waiting for them outside the exam room ready to celebrate that final hurdle.  After hugs, kisses and congratulations they all made their way towards the exit with satisfaction.
Suddenly, someone called Will by his last name from behind them.
«Pardon me, Mr. Stuart. »
They all turned around, it was that bitter teacher.
«I wanted to compliment you on how much you’ve helped with teaching Miss Eva Nero.  However, I would like to remind you to obey college hours to avoid wasting time and energy… climbing walls is dangerous.  Goodbye, Mr. Stuart. »
They looked at each other, speechless.
«Now I know who had the window repaired. That bastard must have seen us! » Will reasoned out loud.
The holiday was almost over. The four friends that entire warm day together, trying to think as little as possible about their imminent farewell and departure. They ended their evening at Betty’s, of course. As always, they ended their evening when the college had already closed its doors. No more jumping over walls and sneaking in during the night, thanks to mister nosy parker.
«Let’s all go to my house now! It’s too late to go back to the college now, girls» Will said, content with his hot dog and large beer. 
«Isn’t your mother home? » Eva asked with a strained voice because of the anxiety that idea gave her, even though she tried to stay cool, examining her nails.
«My mother and her companion left, and I feel lonely» Will answered, giving her a nudge and a wink.
That response made Eva feel a knot in her stomach.
«I’ve never raped anyone! » he whispered in her ear.  He was teasing her, and rightly so. He knew how inexperienced she was.  It was as if she were going to become a nun. The majority agreed so Eva was outnumbered.
Once they got to Will’s house, Corinne and Steve went off on their own, leaving Eva alone with Will.
«Well, it’s time? » Will said firmly.
«Time for what? » Eva said, startled.  She was sitting on the sofa intending to watch a film, but it was actually a boring movie from the 1950s, where the actors kissed with their mouths closed. That was more than enough at that time, actually, it was usually the highlight of any story. After that static and fake kiss, the words The End appeared on the screen. That’s what Eva wanted the world to be like right now!
«We would all be extinct…» Will said as if reading her thoughts.  He was a mind reader.  His studies of chemistry were just a cover up, Eva thought. 
«Come on» he said, switching off the TV with the remote. 
«Where? » she asked despite her mouth was dry.
«To sleep, where do you think? » Will giggled to himself while they went towards his room.
Once they were inside, he pointed to his bed and offered it to Eva, then moved away giving her a furtive look.  He was studying her reactions. He returned shortly after from the bathroom and was in his pajamas.  He certainly didn’t want to make her feel ill at ease.  He certainly couldn’t imagine the explosion of emotions that was going on in Eva. 
«I’ll be comfortable here» he said with determination, throwing a pillow on the sofa under the window of his room. Eva took a relaxing breath, but when she saw how uncomfortable he was on that short sofa, she couldn’t help but laugh.
«Take your bed back, come on! Or else tomorrow you’ll be numb all over! » That funny image of him on the sofa had made her relax.
«I’ll sleep on the Smurf sofa! »
Will bolted towards the bed before she could even get up and laid down next to her. Eva stiffened again.
«Do you know what that sofa is for? » he digressed.
«What for? » her voice was feeble, she had little oxygen in her lungs!
«To hide a hole in the wall. »
«Why not use some plaster and paint? » Eva said.
Will shook his head.  «No. » In the meanwhile the rascal had distracted her from the fact that they were in bed together.
Eva looked at him, waiting for a reasonable explanation.
«Well? Are you going to explain why there’s a hole in the wall, hidden by a pseudo-sofa? What’s behind it, a trap door to the dungeon? » Eva didn’t know it, but Will was encouraged by her irony that proved she was relaxed.  So, when she tried to get up, he held her gently.
«I made it when I was a little boy and wanted to run away. I left it there as a reminder. You can’t imagine how hard it was to make it.  Day after day» he explained, while his hand held her elbow firmly.
«Run away from who? »
«I don’t know. From life maybe? »
After that answer Eva realized that he was holding on to her gently, but firmly.
«It will be tight for two in this bed…» she mumbled, looking at him with doe eyes.
«There’s a draft on the sofa, you’ll catch cold.  Because of the hole…»
He was lying.  He didn’t want her to do anything against her will, obviously, but he didn’t want her to be afraid needlessly either.
They looked into each other’s eyes.
«I won’t force you if you don’t want to, don’t worry» he said.
Eva looked longingly into his eyes. He was sincere and was using the words of love.
In response to the eloquent silence, Will put his hand in her hair while the other slid down her shoulder, taking her tank top strap with it.
Eva abandoned herself to his embrace. He caressed her lips, then kissed her gently. They fell on the bed, slowly, and he lay on top of her. His back was sinuous and warm under her hands, and with every breath she smelled his scent. She was completely overwhelmed with new emotions and sensations that crushed any resistance she had. 
With sweetness and passion Eva allowed him to possess her, succumbing in the best imaginable way.





Chapter14

«Corinne, it’s been great to get to know you. I hope we can see each other again soon. I won’t forget you and our wonderful adventure. » It was time to say goodbye and parting wasn’t easy. 
«I won’t forget you either, nor William and… Steve. » The girl paused, looking elsewhere. «Today, he’s going and talk to his Lucy» she then added. 
«To tell her what? »  Eva was trying to learn more about romantic relationships. 
«Well, to clarify. A summer adventure could mean nothing. I’m going back to Gilbert too, am I not? »
Eva found it hard to understand, and Corinne wasn’t convinced at all about what she was saying. It seemed she wanted to convince herself, Steve was more important to her than she wanted to let on, just like she was for Steve. 
«Will and I will try to see each other again soon, maybe Christmas, we want to stay together. »
«Of course, with thousands of miles that separate you. Come on, Eva! Come back to reality. Did you come to look for a husband in England? » her friend said laughing. But her laugh was bitter and forced. 
«I fell in love with William. » Did she really say those words? Eva didn’t recognize herself anymore. 
«Oh, those are big words, mon amour! In fifteen days, you won’t be thinking about him anymore and I won’t think about Steve either. » It was what Corinne hoped, but at that moment, she hardly believed it, considering that she was trying to hold back her tears.
«I need to drink some water, it’s hot here» she said uneasily and with shiny eyes. 
Eva smiled at her, trying to remove the sadness. «I’ll write to you, what do you think? Pen-friends? »
«Of course! » After those words, Corinne smiled too, showing her dimples. She hugged Eva.
«Good luck, Corinne. »
«Good luck to you too, sweet Maggie. »
She moved away without turning around, although she didn’t want to admit it, she was very touched. Her small body faded away with the water spray and droplets of the fountain that was bubbly and joyful just like her, then she disappeared. Eva felt a lump in her throat. 

«I’ll call you every day and I’ll think about the moment when I will see you again, Maggie» Will said sadly, as he looked at his girlfriend who was moving towards the gate, in tears. She had turned to look at him for the last time, and he stared at her from behind his dark glasses. 
Eva felt a pain in her heart. No, what Corinne had said couldn’t be true. She was sure that something strong was happening between them. What she had lived wouldn’t have passed so easily. 
«I won’t lose you, Maggie» Will shouted, then she disappeared in the crowd of the airport. 
The journey back to Italy and the return to the same old habits wasn’t easy. Eva was dazed, confused and had changed deeply. 
Her parents noticed this and one day, while they were eating, they decided to face the situation.
«Eva, darling, did something happen to you in England, something you haven’t told us yet? » her mother asked her, surprising her. 
«No, why? » But they didn’t believe her. Her strange behaviour, her absent-mindedness, her hurrying to the phone when it rang, not allowing anyone to take the call before her, and those whispered words that followed, convinced her parents that in London she had met someone and had fallen in love. At first, they didn’t want to worry about it, convinced that that impossible story would blow up like a bubble of soap. But the continuous calls, their daughter’s detached behaviour and the high cost of the phone bill, made her mother become furious. 
«Do you realize that I almost had to use my salary this month to pay that damned phone bill? » she shouted furiously, entering Eva’s room. 
«I’m sorry, I didn’t realize it. I’ll look for a job and I’ll give the money back to you» she answered, sincerely mortified.
«No, you won’t work at all! You’ll study and that’s enough! » she said that “enough” aloud. «I want to remind you that the university applications are due. It’s time for you wake up from your love dream. »
«Mum, I want to go study in England» Eva said courageously. Her mother stopped at the door, petrified. Then she turned around, her eyes wide open.
«You’ve lost your mind! Who do you think will give you the money to support yourself in England? »
This was true and even if she wanted to work in London, Eva thought, she couldn’t manage to study and have a job at the same time. Will had told her that he too had failed at trying to do both. 
«You’re right. Tomorrow, I’ll hand in the application to the department of Foreign Languages and Literature. But don’t ask me to… » At that moment, her father spoke «Don’t ask her to forget that handsome guy who’s smiling near her, under the Big Ben». He looked satisfied at the photo on the shelf in her room. Her mother turned towards the photo and was horrified, as if she had seen the devil.
«How do you think you’ll be able to concentrate on your studies, if you keep thinking about that foreigner that you’ve foolishly fallen in love with? » she shouted again.   
Eva was offended. 
«Mum, I’m not a child anymore. I’m an adult and I can choose who I want to love, don’t try to forbid it! I’ll give you back the money of the phone bill, and let me say that I had hoped I could share some experiences with my mother. Evidently I was wrong. » Eva got up from the chair, passed near her parents nervously, and left the house crying. 
Her father, instead, was happy that she had fallen in love, and contrary to what many fathers who are jealous of their daughters do, he became, along with her grandmother, the first accomplice of that love. Her mother never wanted to hear about. 
Eva’s father wanted to make his wife change her mind. She had always hoped that one day her daughter would get engaged to her best friend’s son: the most insignificant boy he had ever known. As for the picture on the shelf and the others that Eva showed him in secret, he complimented her boyfriend. He had sensed that he was a clever guy and not apathetic like the son of his wife’s friend, whom at school was called “agony”. 
Eva submitted the application at the university of Foreign Languages and Literature, she studied hard to prepare the first exam. She did everything she could to avoid being reprimanded by her mother. She knew that she had to take all her exams on time, to be free at Christmas when Will would arrive. Her mother always reminded her how much they spent for her studies and that she could cut off her pocket money to forbid her to spend some time with him. She always made snide remarks when the telephone rang and Eva had to run to get there first. Her mother wished that Eva would get tired of that long-distance relationship and leave Will, but time passed and the two of them didn’t give up. 
Ten days before Christmas, Eva’s mother organized a tombola. Among the guests there was her friend with her son, the one she imagined as her son-in-law.
«Giulio» she said delighted, when he arrived with his mother Anna.
He had a Christmas basket full of goodies in his hands and on his head – unbelievable – he was wearing Santa Claus hat! The result was that he looked like a perfect idiot. Why do mums want losers for their daughters? Maybe because they hope that one day these guys could be the victim of their wives, Eva thought. 
«Eva, dear, come and help Giulio» she told her when she saw her standing still at the door. 
He needed help, Eva thought, but not hers, he needed a psychologist. 
«Hey, hi, Giulio. Give me the basket, I’ll put it under the tree» she twittered, trying to keep her mother calm. 
«Thanks… Eva» it was all that he managed to say the entire evening, hidden behind his thick glasses that were the only element he had in common with Will. The evening went by happily and Eva also managed to win some money, good fortune was on her side. 
«Lucky at games, unlucky at love» the daughter of their neighbour mumbled. She had noticed Eva and Will’s picture in her room, where she had snooped on her way to the bathroom. She was the saddest and most envious person Eva had ever met. 
«Do you believe in this old saying? You know, these are things my grandmother says» Eva answered, collecting the cards after having won again.
Actually, her grandmother was more modern than the girl her mother had invited. Her grandmother promised her granddaughter to help organize Eva and Will’s encounters without her mother finding out. Eva had confided in her grandmother about Will, and her grandmother had told her that she would be more than happy to help her out because she wanted to redeem herself.  Eva knew that her great-grandparents had forced her to marry a man she didn’t love, separating her from a sailor with whom she had fallen madly in love and who loved her too. Later, when her husband died, she didn’t cry and only said «Justice has been served» shocking Eva’s mother and aunt, two perfect churchys.
Her grandmother smoked like a chimney and drank Brandy. Eva enjoyed her coarse and direct jokes a lot, also because she knew how much her mother was ashamed of her. Her grandmother came to the Christmas tombola too, arriving late and wearing a gaudy red dress and red lipstick. 
«Well, what’s up? Don’t you like my dress? It’s red and perfect for Christmas, isn’t it? » she had told her daughter, who had looked at her disapprovingly at the door. Eva giggled, amused, and her grandmother noticed that and winked, as she went up to hang her coat on the hall stand. 
«You’ve become happier since you have a boyfriend, huh? » she said. «I’ve seen him, you know? In that picture in your room… that English guy. So, you’ve started with an international dish, and maybe later you’ll try some national ones, right? » she added blatantly, pinching her cheek. 
«Grandma, what are you saying…» Eva said, becoming red like her grandmother’s dress. 
«You have to tell me everything when he gets here» she said insistently. Her eyes had become sweet, maybe due to the memories that her daughter-in-law had recalled in her. 
«Ok, grandma, but I warn you that mum isn’t happy about it» she told her. 
«Your mother isn’t… Ha, ha, ha! » she burst out laughing scornfully. «Let your mother be, unluckily she took after your grandfather. She could destroy your life, if you listen to her. From now on, talk only to me and that Saint of your father, I don’t understand how he can stand her. » She caressed the girl’s face with love before walking away in a cloud of her cigarette smoke. 
When they found themselves sitting at the green table again, her grandmother noticed that her daughter had put Eva next to Giulio, so she took her chair and addressing the guy with a “sorry”, she placed herself between them. Her daughter glared at her, while Eva smiled, amused. 

«Will! »
«Maggie…»
When they met at the airport, Eva felt a kind of pain in her chest. They hugged violently, kissing repeatedly, absolutely unconcerned with the crowd around them, or their scarfs, hats and gloves that were needed to protect from the cold that Christmas. 
«You… you look gorgeous so bundled up» Will said, finding her attractive also in her winter clothes. 
«What a Christmas present! Today it’s Christmas for me. Yesterday was just a day like any other» Eva sighed touching her nose with his, trying to catch her breath after their kisses. They were excited and very happy. Eva had organized everything, Will would sleep in Patty’s attic, her friend had offered to host him. She lived in the same building and there was an attic that they used only for parties and dinners, so she had asked to her parents to let him use it. 
It was Will’s first time in Italy and he was thrilled. He admired and was enthusiastic about everything, starting at the airport. He was unaware of how much his emotions were due to Eva, her love made him extremely happy. 
«I didn’t expect it to be so welcoming. I must thank your friend and her parents. We’ll do it right after a shower» he said entering the attic. He threw down his bag, he was really happy about what he was seeing, airport, the streets, nature and everything around him. Eva sat on the sofa bed, while he was in the bathroom. She couldn’t believe it, he was there, under the shower. She was in seventh heaven. 
Will came out with a towel around his hips. He was very handsome. His wet hair was now even longer and curls fell on his forehead. He got dressed and took two packages out of his luggage. 
«One is for Patty’s mother, the other… is for you» he said giving it to Eva.
«Oh, Will, thanks» she answered, her eyes wide open. It was the first time that she received a present from a boy… from her boyfriend! She opened it like a child unwraps Santa Claus’s gifts. There was an eccentric colourful watch with a red strap and the English flag, created by a well-known designer. Eva had admired it in a shop window one day when she was in London with him.
«I noticed that you liked it and hadn’t bought it because you were on a budget» Will said, joyfully watching her with his hands on his hips. Eva put it on immediately, it was a gorgeous watch, but most of all she was proud to wear something that would allow her to say «This is my boyfriend’s Christmas gift. » Then she remembered its price. 
«Oh, Will, but you spent a lot of money, it’s so expensive! » 
Will smiled. 
«Well, this present is both for Christmas and for your nineteenth birthday, which I missed. You know, something is changing in my life and I think that money won’t be one of my problems anymore. My father has managed to let me do some commercials that made me earn well and it seems that a director likes me and wants to offer me a small role in a film. My father told me a few days ago. He also recommended that I take an acting course before the auditions» he said suddenly and with great enthusiasm. 
Eva’s reaction to that idea was quite different from his.
«But Will, are you really thinking of taking this story seriously? I mean, you’re doing a different kind of study. What do TV and cinema have to do with experiments and chemical formulas? »
«It will be great if they give me enough money to come see you every time I want and host you at my place without having to ask anyone anything. I’m almost twenty-tree and I’m sick of asking my mother for money, she flies around the world to earn it. I hope I’m not mistaking, but my father is looking for the magic formula that could solve my moneyless life, to hell with ampoules! He wants to redeem himself for all the time he couldn’t take care of me. You know, I think I love him too» he said while putting on a pullover. Eva remained silent for some moments, puzzled. Instinctively, that idea of working in films caused her a feeling of uncertainty and danger. She decided to change the subject. She didn’t want to ruin that special moment. So, she opened her big bag and took out a present full of ribbons. She gave it to Will and smiled at him.      
«This is for you. »
«Oh, Maggie…»
Will gazed at her then looked down, almost embarrassed by that surprise. He took the package from her hands and slowly opened it with the manners of someone who is not used to receiving gifts. There was a sweatshirt of the same colour of his eyes. Eva had seen it in a window in the city centre, then thanks to her grandmother’s help, she had bought it two days before Christmas. 
Will put it on, it was perfect, they hugged, but then a shroud of melancholy went through his wonderful eyes. He looked elsewhere. He remained immersed in who knows what thoughts and Eva saw his eyes shining. She had to get used to those sudden changes of behaviour. 
«This colour suits you perfectly» she said, trying to distract him back to reality. Will immediately looked at his girlfriend. 
«Thanks, it’s a great present, I’m moved. » Then melancholy was replaced by desire that she saw clearly in his eyes. He touched her lips with his fingers and immediately their arms and their bodies looked for each other and intertwined. A really long time had passed. They undressed anxiously with great desire and sank on the bed where they made long passionate love. 
Ecstasy, yes! Eva still needed to understand where sex merged with love and where it could bring them, but from the first time with him, she had experienced unforgettable intense emotions. In those few hours, they became, making love repeatedly until they were satiated. 
What had her life been like before him? Eva wondered as she lay there exhausted near him, while caressing his chest. A farce. She had played the role of an asexual and perfect girl who had neglected all her feelings for fear of being hurt. What was the result? Excellent performance and no suffering, but her existence had paid the price. 
They spent many hours together before going to Patty’s house. They had both found themselves after living an inadequate past. 

Patty’s parents were friendly and nice, as always. Will gave them the English tea boxes he had bought and they stayed there for an hour for a tea party accompanied by a large variety of sweets prepared by Patty’s mum. 
«You’ve got horrible bags under your eyes» Patty whispered in Eva’s ear, while she was voraciously eating a third slice of cake. 
«So, what, does it look bad? »
«No, I would say you’re very gorgeous» she giggled. 
Eva almost chocked on the food in her mouth. 
«People who do sports often have bags under their eyes » Eva said, chewing again.
Was she trying to argue that black is white? Was it possible that making love caused bags under eyes more than running for six kilometres? Eva saw a mirror on her right and looked at her image. She would have preferred to climb the mirror like Spiderman, rather than see the zombie that she was looking at. She remained there, trying to swallow. 
«There’s miraculous make up that hides everything perfectly. Let’s go to the bathroom» Patty whispered. 
«Vanilla tea. This is the best. » Will held the stage, no one was paying attention to them. The girls got up and went to the bathroom. Patty burst into laughter.
«I have become a pervert, is that what you read on my forehead that makes you laugh so much?» Patty laughed again while looking through her make-up box.
«I’ve become human, you idiot, that’s what I read. Besides doing sports, winning medals, being cooped up in the house reading and studying, I can finally relax and I’ve found out that my heart can beat for a man. And my intimate parts are not used only to pee, and even with my bags under my eyes, I’m gorgeous. »
«Not even Frankenstein’s forehead could contain all these words, unless having sex can transform your face into a poem book. »
«Shut up and come closer» Patty interrupted her. 
She started to make her up and Eva wondered if sex was the reason her grandmother putting on a lot of foundation, while her mother only made up her eyes and lips. How many things she was finding out…
«Done. You were a koala, now you’re Eva again» Patty said closing her make up case.
«You know, you’ve got experience» Eva said, surprised.
«This is nothing. » Her friend had a serious look and wasn’t embarrassed at all.
«This stuff is miraculous if you use it somewhere else. » Patty whispered with wide open eyes.
«Where? » Eva asked curiously.  She was afraid to hear the answer.  Maybe it was a sex toy too.   Patty moved closer to answer her question.
«It can conceal a hickey» Patty said in her ear.
«Oh! » Eva said with relief.  She wasn’t ready yet to talk about sex details with her.  A different use would have embarrassed her quite a bit. She still had a lot to learn before being able to approach the subject of sex. She had an excellent teacher, now.
«Chocolate tea…» she heard her “teacher” say.  He was giving a lecture on English tea at the moment.  Eva saw Patty’s father engrossed in reading the labels with the help of his glasses.
«He’s a fantastic guy.  You couldn’t have done better, Eva.  But… be careful. »
«Bags under the eyes, hickeys… is there more? »
«Much more.  You’re very intelligent, but a bit naïve. This isn’t a guy that you can leave alone in England for a long time.  I don’t doubt that he loves you. He wouldn’t be here if he didn’t, but long-distance relationships are risky, especially when someone is so handsome. »
Eva understood.  She might be naïve but not stupid. It was a problem that at the moment she didn’t know how to solve.
«Pull out a magic product that can castrate him while he’s away, please. »
Patty laughed. 
«What are you two laughing about? Are you laughing at my English? »
«Oh, no dad.  Your English is great. We’re talking about, uhmm, technical things. »
At that moment Patty put another cake in her mouth.

«Well, things couldn’t have gone any better» Will said as they left the house.
«Yes» Eva said as she wrapped her scarf around her neck feeling cold. She felt even colder inside remembering what Patty had said about leaving him alone in England. It was going to be difficult to make him stay faithful to her.
«Where are we going now? » Will asked, distracting her from her thoughts.
«We’re going to my grandmother’s house, she can’t wait to meet you» Eva said sadly.
«What’s up? » He said, turning towards her.
«Nothing… nothing important. »
«You’ve put make up on? » he realized with surprise.
«Yes, to go to my grandmother’s» Eva said taking his arm and pushing him towards the car.  He was perplexed but didn’t comment.
They rang the bell and heard her grandmother’s voice asking them to wait a minute, but it seemed like an eternity. They sat on the steps to wait and were about to give up, when the door finally opened. They looked at the imposing figure from head to toe. She was wearing rhinestones on her clothes and in her hair. She looked like an alien. 
«Well, what are you doing sitting there, come on in» she said with her usual brusque manner.
Underneath that hard core, was a sweet woman who had lived a difficult life. 
She told them to follow her into the living room.  «Well, well…English, handsome and also charming when he gets rid of his pacifier. » Fortunately, Will didn’t understand Italian, so Eva translated everything omitting certain parts. 
«I believe he’s good in bed and always treats you well» she added, sitting on her sofa and crossing her leg that ended in a high-heeled shoe. Eva didn’t translate that.
Will felt observed, but it was clear that Eva’s grandmother was nice and would never be an obstacle for them, maybe the opposite. 
«Listen, honey, you know that my grand-daughter is the most precious thing I have in this miserable life of mine? »  Eva translated almost word for word. 
«Maggie, tell her that I’m crazy in love with you» Will said, naturally.  Eva was so proud and went on to give a great translation, but her grandmother stopped her with her hand.
«I know what love means» she grunted.  She observed them as they looked into each other’s eyes after that statement of love.
«Uhmmm…» The old woman said, crossing her fingers over her knee.  She felt strong vibrations between the two. 
«Love him to death while he’s here» her grandmother said with fake harshness while unwrapping a chocolate.
Eva raised an eyebrow and avoided translating what she said. They couldn’t stay long because their friends were waiting for them so they left. 
When they were at the door, her grandmother pulled her ponytail that was showing from under the hat. 
«Grandma! »
«Shut up, baby girl. You’re in love and it’s a dangerous game.  This guy is too handsome to be alone too long. Be careful, don’t get burned» she ended, letting go of her hair. Patty’s same words.  Everyone seemed to be an expert in love right now, and she had never known it. 
Eva erased what they said from her mind, it was late and they were going to meet up with her friends. It was the usual Saturday evening pizza, and she would think about what they had said at another time.  The image of a smoking pizza took over and this time it was going to be delicious.  Pizza with a scrumptious Englishman by her side.  All her friends were going to be very envious. 

«It’s cold tonight» Emma said, she couldn’t stand waiting around every Saturday for the gang to get together. She had joined them when she had fallen in love that summer with Luca, who was Eva’s best friend.  Patty had said that she had changed.  She had nothing against them.  When she heard the story, Eva immediately thought it was because she had an interest in Luca, who in turn didn’t care much about her.
«It’s cold for you, but not for Eva» Claudia said readily while wrapping her coat tighter around her. She saw Eva and Will hand in hand, walking towards them. 
Emma turned to look in their direction. 
«Holy shit! Our little innocent prude, gold medal in races, honours in English and…» 
«A-plus with men too now» Claudia ended the sentence for her. 
«This is William, Eva’s handsome English boyfriend, he’s here to spend Christmas with her.  Behave yourselves, he’s a real gentleman but a bit shy» Patty said out loud to shut the girls up and avoid embarrassment. What a friend!
«Ohh! Where were you hiding him? That’s where you disappeared to, you clever little one» Luca said as he looked Will over.
Handshakes and introductions followed for Will, who smiled at everyone after taking his glasses off. He did this often now. 
«He’s so handsome! » Emma said out loud once again. Fortunately, Will didn’t understand Italian.
«Will you stop expressing your animal instincts? » Luca reprimanded her.
«If nobody will help me let off steam, then just let me vent» Emma concluded blatantly.
Luca didn’t understand what she meant.
They were sitting around the table in the restaurant and Will was in the centre of attention.  They all wanted to practice their English with him. The girls were like bees with honey. They were hard to get rid of. Will was kind and smiled at everyone, pleased with the attention he was getting.
«Ohh Eva, where did you find this hunk? I was in England twice and didn’t have your luck» Emma insisted.  Eva was getting annoyed and Emma, who was sitting next to him, kept flirting with him.  She apparently was trying to get Luca’s attention, but he was totally unaware of her efforts. 
«And the English guys are always ready to chat up the girls with a bottle in their hand» Claudia remarked. 
«Maybe you weren’t in the right place, I only met really nice English people» Eva commented. 
«Oh, you’re so sweet! Maybe, they were all friends of this hunk you’ve caught» Emma said sarcastically, while guzzling her wine. 
«Ask him if he can introduce me to someone, like him I mean» she continued drunkenly. 
«Stop drinking Emma or we’ll have to carry you home, and it wouldn’t be the first time» Luca said seriously and disappointingly. 
Someone asked Will what he studied or what his job was, in an almost comprehensible English that didn’t require Eva’s help. She was starting to get annoyed by that situation.
«I’m in my third year of chemistry at university» Will said in his perfect English that everyone understood. «But I think I’m going to do something else in my life» he continued, surprisingly. 
Eva turned slowly towards him, trying to understand the real meaning of his words. Then she went back to translating answers to questions about Will that were coming from her friends, and suddenly she stopped after her boyfriend’s unexpected words. «I hope to have a career in films. »
Eva’s fork was in mid-air and she stared at him, wondering if she had to translate those odd words. 
That story again, his father was giving him strange ideas, Eva thought. What she didn’t want to admit was that she felt that Will was indulging his father only for a matter of money and not because he really wanted to be an actor. She knew his character, he was reserved and shy by nature, which clashed enormously with what an actor usually had to be. 
Luckily, Luca intervened, he probably sensed it was the right time to restore a balance in the conversation. Long live very clever friends!
He got up with his glass of wine. «Well, I propose a toast to this English cousin to welcome him in our loutish group. » He had skilfully softened a situation that was becoming tense. 
«Weren’t the French our cousins? » Matteo said, stretching back on his chair, not wanting to get up.
«From now on, we’ll become related to the English too, for our Eva’s happiness. » Luca loved her very much and Emma was annoyed by this too. 
They toasted cheerfully and continued their dinner having fun and eating pizza with stringy mozzarella cheese. The atmosphere became more relaxed and Luca winked at Eva, as if to say “goal achieved”. Emma got up nervously and stopped flirting with Will. It was clear that he was more interested in what he was eating than in her.
«Delicious» Will said to Eva, putting the last piece of pizza in his mouth. 
«There are so many goodies that your palate hasn’t tasted, my dear! You’ll go back home with some extra kilos, but you won’t regret it» Eva said with a kiss.
After two days they went to Rome. Eva’s father lent them his car, while her mother had kept silent during all of Will’s visit. 

«Leave that girl in peace or I’ll make sure you regret it, if it’s the last thing I do» Eva’s grandmother shouted one day in her daughter and her son-in-law’s house, while Eva and William were in Rome. With her usual manners, she was sitting in the living room, sipping a brandy she had served herself. She was there mainly because she wanted to thrash her daughter whom she considered hopelessly dull.
«So, you think that this ridiculous relationship with someone who lives thousands of miles away, can continue? Don’t you think it would be better if that silly dreamer spent more time studying and found herself a boyfriend here? » Eva’s mother burst out.
«Maybe that idiotic Giulio, right? Is that what you want? What happiness do you think that flaccid penis dressed up like Santa Claus can give her? »
Eva’s mother stepped back with her hands on her mouth, she was horrified and offended, while her husband hid behind a handkerchief to mask his laughs. His mother-in-law was such fun.
«Listen to me! You’re dull and you’re a bigot, just like your father, but I won’t let you ruin Eva’s happiness like your father ruined mine. I put you in this world… and I can get rid of you, if necessary» the grandmother said, guzzling all her brandy with the grace of a gunfighter. 
Eva’s mother didn’t answer, she was convinced it was useless to talk to her mother whom she considered a crazy old woman. 
«Let Eva live her life without interferences, she’ll surely do whatever she wants, with or without our approval. My dear Carla, times have changed, you should know that parents can’t make decisions for their children anymore. Have you forgotten that many years ago you wanted to run away from home with me to live like a hippy? » Eva’s father wisely said, trying to mediate. His wife blushed.
«Why didn’t you do, you idiot? » the grandmother said, while refilling her glass.
«I think we need to step aside, it’s time for our child to spread her wings» the man added, hoping his mother-in-law would calm down.
But the woman persisted. «Our child? Child, my foot! She’s very naïve and maybe it’s your fault. At her age, I had already fucked for quite some time! » she yelled, after letting the ice fall in the crystal glass. 
Eva’s mother was startled, both by the words she had just heard and for fear that the crystal glass would break. Then she pouted and remained silent.
The glass was safe and the woman was satisfied with how she had humiliated her daughter. 
«Ok, I’ve finished» she concluded, pleased with how she had taken them down. She took her coat and directed another mean comment at her daughter «I just hope that you haven’t made her become frigid with your fucking upbringing».
She left and Eva’s mother prepared herself a camomile tea to calm down.




Chapter15


Eva and William got back from Rome before New Year’s Eve, Will had remained enraptured by the Eternal City and decided that he would come back again to do more sightseeing. The plan for New Year’s Eve was to have a dinner with dancing, so fashionable in the eighties. Will and Patty went by to pick up Eva at dinner time and Will, surprisingly, said he wanted to wish her parents a Happy New Year. What better time was there to introduce himself?
«Do you think they’ll be pleased? I don’t want to seem rude, unless you prefer differently» he told Eva.
«No, no problem. I haven’t introduced you yet because I wanted my mother to relax a bit, but considering there haven’t been any improvements, I see no reason why you can’t meet my father, who instead wants to get to know you. Let’s go! » God help me! Eva thought.
Will was wearing black trousers and a black silk shirt under his warm grey jacket, and an elegant black scarf.
Eva was wearing a dress that she had worn once for a wedding, it was bright blue, tight, above the knees, with a deep neckline and elegant black court shoes with high heel. She had chosen a pair of large earrings that went perfectly with her voluminous dark curly hair. 
When she took her coat off, Will held her by her arm.
Eva turned towards him. «What’s up? »
«Sorry, it’s that I’ve always seen you in jeans. Let me look at you, you’re enchanting! » he mumbled embarrassed. The dress had achieved the desired effect, just as Eva had hoped. She started feeling more like a woman, and this had never happened before. She smiled at him and walked along the corridor. She sighed thinking about her mother.
«Hey, where are you? » Her father came out from his room, he was wearing a shirt and glasses and was impatiently trying to make a decent knot in his tie. 
He looked at her. «Eva, dear, what happened? »
«Nothing, dad, it’s just that… Will wanted to wish you and mom a New Year’s before going. »
«Will? Oh… of course…» he answered seeing him behind her. 
«Come on in, come in. Carla? Get out of that bathroom immediately! » he shouted to his wife. She came out already dressed up for the evening, but with rollers in her hair and lipstick in her hand.
«Why are you shouting? You were in the bathroom for a long time before me, now let me…» and she stopped at the sight of Will with her daughter. He was standing there, simply elegant and very handsome, with his coat in his hand. 
Without his glasses, his terrific blue eyes hypnotized Eva’s mother. He had put a bit of gel in his black hair and it shined.  Will gave her a dazzling smile with his perfect white teeth, and she was speechless. 
«Wow, what a surprise! I mean, you both look gorgeous» she mumbled after some moments. 
«Uhm… dear» her husband luckily interrupted her with a nudge. «Let’s not stay in the corridor. Let’s go to the sitting room for a moment. » And he pushed his wife with determination. 
«Well, I’m glad to meet you, William» Eva’s father said, shaking his hand. It was the first thing Will understood and shook his hand too while answering in English.
«Doesn’t he speak Italian? » Eva’s mother asked immediately.
«No, luckily! » her daughter answered, glaring at her. Her mother hurriedly said «Nice to meet you, William. » and gave him a limp handshake and a forced smile. 
«Please, Maggie, tell them that I wish them a Happy New Year» Will said politely. 
«Maggie? » her mother repeated, and her husband nudged her again. 
Eva translated and her parents thanked and wished the same to him. Eva wanted to leave as soon as possible because she couldn’t bear the way her mother glared at Will. She was more bitter than an old spinster. The sound of the clock chime helped her «Oh, damn it, it’s late! Bye mum and dad, we must leave! » She kissed them on their cheeks and pushed Will towards the door, who said in a faltering Italian «It’s been a pleasure! »
They left hastily. «A very handsome guy, I must admit, but I don’t foresee anything good» her mother said. 

The party was a lot of fun and at midnight Eva toasted, for the first time in her life, with her boyfriend. Her friends all looked at them dreamily when they exchanged a passionate kiss.
«Eva is lucky, don’t you think? » Patty said to the others enchantingly. 
«Yes, but how can it last? They won’t be able to continue their relationship if one of the two doesn’t move closer to the other» Emma said. 
«Just give it some time» Patty answered, guzzling her glass. 
Eva must have gulped down quite a few glasses too because she laughed continuously and felt her legs shaking when she danced. 
«Look at what love does to you…» Emma said, bitterly and enviously, considering that Luca was ignoring her because he was so taken by the chaos of the group dances. Everyone noticed Eva’s transformation, she had dropped her shield of perfection. 
«How about we call Corinne? » Will said to Eva while they were near a public telephone that was in the room, after he had tried in vain to call his mother to wish her a Happy New Year. 
«What a good idea, Will! You know, we’ve been writing to each other, but she didn’t answer my last letter. »
«Let’s call her, I’ve still credit on my phone card. »
Excited, Eva dialled her friend’s number that she had kept in her little phonebook. A French voice answered. 
« S’il vous plait, Corinne? Je m’appelle Eva…» She hoped that would be enough because she didn’t know how to say anything else in French.
«Oui…» They had understood. 
«Mon amour! » she immediately heard her friend’s voice. 
«Corinne! Best wishes! Happy 1987! I’m so happy to hear you again! » Eva was sincerely happy and thrilled to hear her adventure companion’s voice. It was going to be a reminder forever of that wonderful summer they had spent together.
«I was waiting for your answer to my last letter! I’ll get myself a new penfriend if you let me wait so long for an answer » Eva said jokingly.   
«Oh, no, please don’t do that! » and Corinne started crying. 
«Hey, Corinne… I didn’t think you were so touchy. Come on, I was joking! » she answered, surprised by her reaction.
«Sorry Eva, it’s that… I’m pregnant! »
Eva was petrified. 
A long silence followed.
«The minutes on the phone card are finishing. We’re calling France! » Will said, surprised that his girlfriend was being silent for so long while the numbers on the display were going down fast.
She swallowed. «What wonderful news…»
Not at all. She felt like a shameless liar, but she was trying to make Corinne feel better. In her opinion, being pregnant at nineteen was like doing permanent damage to her life. 
She heard Corinne blow her nose, but Eva had thought she was blowing a raspberry in response to her comment, and it wouldn’t have been out of place. 
«Would you come to my wedding with Gilbert? » Corinne managed to add. 
«Of course! I’ll try to save money and I’ll do my best to be there. » Eva was shocked, but she couldn’t say it. 
«You’ll bring Will too, won’t you? »
«Oh, yes, thanks. He’s near me now. »
«How wonderful! Say hello to him, wish him a Happy New Year and tell him… tell him to pass on my best wishes to Steve too for me, when he sees him. » She burst into tears again. 
«Corinne… I must say goodbye now, there’s no more money on our phone card, damn it…» Eva noticed how fast the number on the display was going down to zero, like on a stopwatch.
«Eva, thanks for calling me. I’ll answer your letter immediately and I’ll tell you what…» But they got cut off.  Eva hung up, but her hand remained on the receiver, disappointed that the call had ended so fast. 
«What’s up? Why do you have such a gloomy face? » Will asked. 
«She’s pregnant. »
«Oh, my God! »
«What’s worse is that I don’t think she’s in love with Gilbert, whom she’s going to marry. »
«Yeah, you don’t have sex with someone else when you’re in love with another boy. »
His words were like music for Eva’s ears. He was obviously talking about Corinne and Steve, but Eva sensed that he meant something else. So, if he was in love with her like he said, he wouldn’t have sex with anyone else. So much for Patty and her grandmother’s opinion! This was the truth for Eva and it was also her Will’s truth. So, there was no danger of losing him as long as he was in love with her.   
That thought gave her strength, not knowing what life had in store for her, and while she was enjoying that thought, Will hugged her. He slowly started to kiss her neck, while his hands started roaming dangerously all over her body, taking advantage of the darkness of where they were standing. He had drunk quite a bit of champagne too and it made him feel relaxed. 
«Will… someone could see us…» but she couldn’t resist him anymore and kissed him passionately. 
«It’s time to go, don’t you think? It’s almost two a.m. » he said looking at her, breathlessly excited. He then pulled her away impatiently. 
«Here, these are my car keys. I’ll have someone accompany me. Go, hurry up and don’t worry about anyone or anything» Patty told Eva, after seeing her and Will put their coats on. 
They disappeared with Patty’s car and went straight to the attic, swallowed up into the darkness of the night that ended in more unbridled passion.

The moment of Will’s departure arrived too soon. He promised he would be back in the summer, when he had collected the advance payment for the film he had decided to shoot in Spain in autumn. Eva tried to dissuade him, but to no avail, filmmaking was his idea of easy money. 
«Listen, Maggie, my mother is furious about this film, please don’t you be against me too. What can happen to me? If it’s a success, all the better, if it’s a failure, I’ll have earned money to come stay with you in summer. Where’s the danger? I’ll manage to study for my exams. My mother, although she would never admit it, doesn’t like the idea that I’m getting close to my father. But you? I don’t understand, what’s your problem! » he said bitterly one day on the phone.
They starting having a bit of a tiff and it was about filmmaking. She had just hung up when the telephone rang again. It was a long-distance call. Will must have been very uptight, she thought.
«What else do you want to convince me about? » she answered without saying “hello”.
«I would like to convince you to come visit me for a few days, if you could manage it, mon amour! » 
«Corinne, what a surprise, I thought it was Will, sorry. How are you? Oh… but I’ve already told you that I’ll come. When are you getting married? »
«What wedding? »
«But… but you told me… Gilbert, the baby…»
«Unfortunately, there’s no baby, I lost it, Eva. » Corinne broke down crying. 
«Oh… I’m so sorry! »
«I feel so terribly guilty, they told me not to drive and I continued to do it» she was sobbing now. 
«Did you have an accident? »
«No! »
«Then what? »
«Nothing, I had a miscarriage. »
She felt very guilty, but not because she had driven the car. She had never wanted that baby, and now that she wasn’t pregnant anymore, she sensed that the baby didn’t want to come into a world with mother who didn’t want it.
«It’s not about the car. It wasn’t meant to be, unfortunately. You’ll have other children, we’re still young, Corinne» Eva comforted her. 
Maybe, it was better this way, but she didn’t say so. 
«Yes…» she blew her nose «I wanted to tell you personally… without waiting… for our letters. »
«So, you won’t get married anymore? »
“No, not for now.”
Excellent, Eva thought, but she didn’t say this to her either. 
«Good, it’s better to take things slowly, isn’t it? »
«Of course! What about Will, our handsome actor? »
Eva wished that Corinne hadn’t said that. 
«He’s fine, he’s fine» Eva answered with a grimace, her voice almost shrilly.
«I hope Steve is well too. »
No, she hadn’t forgotten him at all.




Chapter16


Finally, summer arrived and Will, as promised, joined Eva in Italy. He was full of money – was it the down payment for the film or had his father given him money? – his heart was full of love but he hadn’t taken any exams. It was as expected. Eva, instead, had brilliantly passed three exams and she could enjoy her time with Will feeling satisfied. Again, he was Patty’s guest in her attic. This time, he arrived from London full of presents for all the components of the family and even wanted to pay for his accommodation. 
Eva’s mother couldn’t find any excuse to disapprove the new visit of that English guy, as she called him. Her father, instead, was pleased because he saw how happy his daughter was. Her grandmother even bought a new dress for the dinner she had organized for them, inviting along some of her old friends. 
«With that unbuttoned shirt, he is even more handsome, my dear» she said when she saw him at the door with flowers for her. She didn’t want to show it, but that present pleased her. She put the flowers in plain view in a vase in the sitting room and invited them to sit down. She had prepared an excellent dinner and Eva spent the entire evening translating the conversations between her grandmother, her friends and Will.  She almost felt invisible. The attention was all on him, he was bombarded with questions, compliments and amusing comments by the old widows who were so excited by that unusual presence. 
«Oh, darling, tell me what your origins are, with your black hair and blue eyes» Mrs. Lucia said, the oldest in the group and the one with the most make-up. 
«My mother is English and my father is Spanish, that’s why I have these odd colours» Will said.
«Come on, dear, translate» Mrs. Lucia told Eva, without even letting her swallow the food she had in her mouth. After the translation, there was a general “Ohhh”.
«The Latin race combined with the Anglo-Saxon one, what a fatal combination, girls! » Mrs. Ada said, wiping her mouth with her napkin, being careful not to remove her bright red lipstick. 
«I hope you’re not one of those oligan or hooligans or… what the hell are those English guys called, the ones who instigate brawls in the stadiums? » Mrs. Maria asked, the more sober member of the group. 
«I’m not interested in football so much, I prefer tennis» Will answered, with his polite and composed manners that were driving those old witches crazy. 
«Eva, hurry up, translate and get that pink sauce in the kitchen» her grandmother ordered. She was just a translator and a waitress now. 
«Tennis! » they all shouted when she translated. 
«Surely, he plays in Wimbledon! » Mrs. Lucia guessed. 
«What are you saying? » Mrs. Ada said. «That’s for professionals. He’s probably a spectator, one of those who sit near the Royal’s box. Lady Diana was there this year, watching the tournament finals… Oh, yes, now I remember! There was a handsome young man sitting nearby. It must have been him» Mrs. Lucia concluded, biting into a piece of mozzarella cheese. 
«Oooh! » that general exclamation again.
«Your mother called you William like the little Prince, Charles and Diana’s son, didn’t she? » Ada asked again.
«Mrs. Ada, Prince William was born many years after him! » Eva said, refusing to translate those silly words to Will. 
«Anyway, William is a name for kings» her grandmother said, she had confused him with members of Buckingham Palace. 
Eva gave up. 
Luckily, Will seemed amused, and when at the end of the dinner they all toasted together, her grandmother got up with her glass in her hand. «To William and my niece, the couple who soon will make Carlo and Diana fade away. »
Eva toasted, sighing, and gave Will a false translation of that foolishness. 
She then asked Will to help her with the dessert and brought him to the kitchen. «Help! » she shouted once they were there and started fanning herself with a kitchen cloth. 
«I’m done! » Will laughed and didn’t need her translation to understand. 
«It’s time for the sweets, come on! » he comforted her, while he had two cakes in his hands, which didn’t stop him from stealing a kiss before going back to the sitting room. 
Fortunately, the dinner ended after the dessert, and the ladies said goodbye, thanked Eva’s grandmother, and kissed William and Eva. A sense of peace filled the house. Eva helped her grandmother to tidy up, while Will turned on the TV and sat on the couch with a glass of digestif. 
«Take this, little girl» the old lady said to her niece when she had finished tidying up.  It was an envelope with two hundred thousand liras inside. 
«Grandma! » Eva said when she opened the envelope.
«You helped me serve and tidy up. I couldn’t have done without you» she said, taking off her apron, without giving her time to answer. 
«Now, it’s time for you to go and thanks for the wonderful evening you’ve given me. » She kissed them affectionately, and at the door she said «Don’t go straight home. »
Eva was already out the door when her grandmother, as usual, pulled her back by her ponytail. That gesture always anticipated some sharp comment. 
«Borrow that make-up from your friend, or buy it. »
«Because of the horrible bags under my eyes? »
«No, the indecent marks. » She dropped the ponytail and slammed the door. 
Marks, what marks was she talking about? They had only had time for a shower before the dinner…
Eva turned towards Will and moved his collar away from his neck. Two not very noticeable marks were there, but that old fox of her grandmother had seen them. 
«What are these? »
«What are… what? » Will swallowed, his Adam’s apple went up and down. 
«These marks on your neck. »
«What…» He stopped and blushed. 
Eva walked on ahead, leaving him behind, without saying anything. 
«You won’t believe it, it’s my razor blade! »
Ok, she was naïve, but not an idiot!
«Eva, stop! » He called her by her real name, “Eva”! It was over. Patty and her grandmother were right. 
«I’ll accompany you to my friend’s travel agency, if you want. You can change you flight ticket and take the first plane out » she answered coldly. Her tone was as unsympathetic and metallic as that of a speaker in a train station. 
She had to expect it. Distance and modern science were a reality, forget about being in love and promises of abstinence!
«Maggie, please! » he shouted furiously, grabbing her arm.
«Do you think I’m attending an acting school, which I don’t care about, and I get on and off planes to earn money… for what? To come all the way here and see you fly into a jealous rage? » He looked seriously into her eyes, after blocking her. He wasn’t wearing his glasses, that meant he was extremely earnest. 
«And do you think that I want to be like Penelope who faithfully awaits for someone who is far away and is having a good time. You’re wrong, cutie! » 
«Maggie… I want to be honest with you, always. It was Sandy. »
Good.
Eva would have preferred a thousand times to believe the story of the razor.
«But it’s not what you think. When I got back to London some days ago, from Spain, she was at Betty’s. She sat at my table without being invited, with the excuse that Steve was there with Lucy and me. When I said that I was coming to Italy, after some moments, she got up and sat on my lap with the excuse…» he coughed «to say goodbye to me. Then… she gave me a love bite on my neck. She hoped you would notice it, evidently, and this is the truth. I swear. »
Eva hesitated and her eyes became less harsh. This encouraged Will to continue «If you think I’m wasting my time and money on flights to come here to hear you make a senseless scene…» 
Did he want to be right too, now? Eva thought, but she didn’t have the courage to say what she was thinking, what her instinct was suggesting. 
«Maggie, a long-distance relationship is a damned problem, but I want to solve it and you must help me. I would like to live with you. You told me that you wanted to go to university in London, didn’t you? Well, if I earn enough you could come stay with me and I could help you, you wouldn’t have to look for a job» he added sweetly, holding her shoulders. 
He wanted to earn money to support her in London until she finished her studies and that’s why he was sacrificing his studies too. What did this mean? In what other way was he supposed to declare his love to her? He was handsome, so damn handsome and women hovered around him. But he was in love with her, Eva thought. 

The summer was hot, wonderful, and for the first time, Will had spent it at the beach, sunbathing or playing volleyball in the water, as all his Italian friends did every year. It was a real novelty for him. He did nothing but tell Eva how lucky they were to spend their summers among friends at the beach. He wasn’t wrong. The light heartedness and the cheerfulness of those moments at the sea, where the sunny days were followed by evenings outdoors by the sea, were the best that any youth could hope to enjoy.
Eva’s friends considered Will part of the group. Everyone offered to help him with the language and they also taught him some Italian words, especially… bad words! Will and Luca enjoyed themselves exchanging bad words in their respective languages, and became friends.
They often took a paddle boat to go swim offshore, and it was on one of those boats, while Eva and Will were about fifty metres from the shore, that they approached the touchy subject of filmmaking again. 
«It’ll be a big production. The director is well-known in Spain. It’s a war film and I’ll have a small role as a British soldier during the Second World War. They hired me» he said enthusiastically. 
«But your father got you the part. I’m not saying that you aren’t a good actor, but… Will, this will make you lose an entire academic year. You won’t be able to study anymore» Eva said worriedly and also feeling guilty. 
Will sat on the paddle boat and took off his glasses to look into her eyes. 
«Listen to me carefully now, Maggie. My biggest desire is to live with you and my main goal is to become financially independent. At the moment, I’m playing both ends, my studies are always the most important thing, but this chance that my father is offering me is really unique, can’t you understand that? And if it goes well… dear Eva, we could relax for the rest of our lives with the money that one can earn in the filmmaking industry!  Besides, I’m already in for a penny and I don’t want to have regrets in the future. »
The only thing Eva agreed with was that “don’t want to have regrets in the future”. If she and his mother had convinced him to forget about that nonsense, in the future he could have regrets and would make them feel guilty for not letting him try. 
«Ok, Will, give it a chance. But please don’t make the mistake of abandoning the rest. You might terribly regret it. » Eva surrendered, but she wasn’t happy at all about it. 
«And what’s more! » Will said, encouraged by her last words, kneeling down. «Do you know that Steve likes to write? »
Eva was surprised and got up on her elbows. «Write what? »
«Detective novels. He has already published one, without much success though, for now. My father wanted to read it and found out that Steve writes well. He told him to write a screenplay and that he will show it to his friends who are directors. Maybe, he’ll manage to make him earn some money too.»
So, he had involved Steve too! Eva thought that Will’s father was deviously deceiving the two guys just to earn his son’s love. She couldn’t blame his mother for her hostility, but she didn’t say it aloud. 
Everything will all come to nothing, she thought. 
In the meantime, Eva looked at the calm blue sea behind Will. The sun was strong and its rays kissed their salt-covered skin, making it become darker. She laid down again near Will, to enjoy the warmth that caressed her body, trying to forget her darkest thoughts. Willy, however, didn’t appreciate her silence, he felt she disapproved of him, so he suddenly picked her up threw her into the water. 
«Are you crazy? » Eva said, dripping. 
He dived in too and Eva felt his hands around her hips. 
He surfaced in front of her and said “I love you”.
Eva kissed him, hugging his neck, while holding on to the paddle boat. The cool water couldn’t calm their passion.




Chapter17

Summer flew by and made them become closer than ever. Will went to Spain to shoot the film. Love makes one do crazy things! Eva joined him in Spain in November, thanks to the money her grandmother gave her, and her parents thought she was in Rome studying.
Will’s father had offered her to earn some money too by appearing in commercials with Will.  These would then be broadcasted on the Spanish stations. Eva had decided to grab that unexpected and profitable chance, so she could also see what was really happening between father and son. Once she arrived in Madrid, she changed her mind about Will’s father. 
Miguel Rodriguez was a refined and nice man in his sixties, he was wealthy and had a pretty partner. He could speak Italian, English and French perfectly, and his only goal was his son’s happiness, despite not having given him his surname. It was clear that he felt guilty and carried the burden of his past mistakes. That’s why he was really pro-active and positive with his son. Eva noticed how clever and charming he was, just like her boyfriend. 
Thanks to him, Eva and Will shot a toothpaste commercial in which Eva kissed Will’s smile after walking boldly up to him, while a voice in the background advertised the product in Spanish. She also shot a shampoo commercial alone and another one for jewellery. It was easy money. The trip to London for New Year’s Eve was secured. 
The Christmas holidays arrived soon and New Year’s Eve in London was unforgettable. There were many difficulties, but they were tenacious. So, between one trip and another, the month of May arrived and Will finished his film and finally made his way back to London. 
The film in which Will had acted, arrived in theatres in October and that’s when his life unbelievably started to change. It was a great success and filled the theatres all over the world. The director and the main protagonist won numerous international prizes and the film won the Golden Globe and the nomination for an Oscar. 
Out of the blue Will and Eva’s lives were overturned.  Will and the cast participated in film festivals and television events all over the world. He called Eva from everywhere and she had a very hard time trying to keep track of all his movements. 
When he called, he begged her to join him, but Eva wanted to finish her studies which were going full steam ahead and shouldn’t be conditioned by those events. She was well ahead of the deadline for her exams and studying had allowed her to calm her anxiety about what was happening in Will’s life. Everyone complimented her on her boyfriend’s success. It seemed that she was the only one who was not overwhelmed about it. 
The film was a success in Italy too. The director, the cast and inevitably Will appeared on Italian television. He was contacted by other film makers, so his father became his manager.
He was in two more films and was the protagonist of the second. They weren’t as successful as the first one and someone commented to his father that Will’s handsome face wasn’t suitable for dramatic roles, but would be great for romantic films.
In the meantime, Eva graduated with honours, but she was hurt that Will wasn’t present. Their encounters had become rare and difficult. The great distances caused a certain coldness in Eva. Her mother was happy about this and hoped that their love story would end soon, especially when she found out that Will had involved her daughter in commercials. One evening, by chance, her parents were watching a programme on TV about cinema and the cast of Will’s first film. When they talked about him in particular, they said that he had started with commercials and the images of these appeared on the screen.  Eva was in one of these and her parents were stunned when they saw their daughter near him. Her mother almost fainted and her father had to help her. They quarrelled and Eva tried to explain to her mother that it was just an isolated episode to earn some money. It was a serious blow for her mother, Eva had betrayed her trust and she turned her back on her, while her father was more understanding. 
Her grandmother, instead, was seriously worried. Her granddaughter was moving away from Will and she wanted to know why. 
«Listen, child, you graduated successfully, so you’ve got no more excuses, you must join him, he’s always asking you to go every time he calls, right? »
«Yes, but…»
«But, what? Now, look at me and answer my question, do you love him? »
«To death, grandma, to death! » Eva said, looking down while tears filled her eyes. 
«So? What are you waiting for? He’s probably had more than one slut try to jump in his bed, what do you think? » Eva sighed as if she had been pierced by a blade. 
«Are you giving up? » her grandmother said, sensing her mood «Are you afraid of his new life as a celebrity? » She was really merciless. 
She was taunting her granddaughter’s pride on purpose and she knew she didn’t like to lose. Eva was a woman who liked to win, but was she maybe a total failure in love?
«Just go to him, don’t make my mistake. » Her tone immediately became sweet, her eyes filled with tears, she was surely thinking about her sailor. 
«Run away and give him a try. It is what it is, but if you don’t try to live with him, you will never know if it’s your only chance to be happy» she concluded, tightening Eva’s smooth hand in her rough and veiny one. 
Eva thought that she was right. Her innate reticence made her want to stay away from the spotlight, but she had to face it, in the name of the love she felt for him, she couldn’t back out like a coward. So, she decided to join him in London, where he had bought an apartment in the city centre in which he lived between trips.
Eva arrived suddenly at his house at midnight, after having waited a long time because of flight and taxi delays. She was exhausted and dishevelled when she rang his bell, and when Will opened the door she just said helplessly «I’ve come to tell you that I love you and that I can’t live without you. »
He was astonished, it was what he had always dreamed of hearing, he hugged her tight and cried. 
«Finally, my love!  Finally…» it was all he managed to say, shaking. He then took her face with his hands as if he needed reassurance that she was there. He dried his tears and started to undress her, kicking the door shut. He was almost violent, and made passionate love to her immediately, with ardour he wanted to repossess what he considered his… and only his».



Third 
Part


Chapter18


«Where are your glasses? » Eva asked, lying comfortably on the soft white leather couch that still smelled new.
«They’re in the drawer of my bedside table and I use them only when I’m home» Will said, while cooking. 
«In the meantime, what do you do, grope your way around? Eva said sarcastically, while filing her broken nail.
Will appeared at the kitchen door with his hands covered in flour and looked at her with his piercing blue eyes, then shook his head and smiled. Celestial!
«Haven’t you noticed that we’re in 1990? Don’t you think that there have been some improvements made with glasses that were invented in the 1800s? Contact lenses. Have you heard of them? Extraordinary! »
So, he had put his old glasses in his drawer, along with his shyness, his insecurities and maybe his youth, Eva thought.
She put down her nail file and got up, annoyed at the thought that he had put aside his old self. 
They had spent the whole day indoors, sharing their love, their passion and communicating all the emotions and insatiable feelings they had inside. Their entanglement had been perfect. 
Now it was time to talk and clear things out, and a certain tension filled the air. Love made her very hungry, however, she was in England and an Englishman was cooking. Food wouldn’t have helped her calm her anxiety. She ate what he prepared because she was hungry, she plunged into the French fries, the only dish with an acceptable taste. The silence was deafening. 
«Don’t stuff your mouth with fried food only » Will said while Eva nervously devoured what was left in the bowl. 
«If there was something else that was edible, I would follow your advice» she answered with her mouth full. 

Will laughed amused and resigned. He continued to stare at her, knowing that his dinner didn’t meet that demanding Italian’s palate. For a moment, he thought that maybe he wasn’t enough for her anymore. What foolishness, she loved him. She was there for him…
«Maggie, you’ll stay here with me, won’t you? » he said, while pretending to look down at his soup. Before Eva could answer, he added «You know, things have changed a bit here, you must prepare yourself. »
He paused, then continued, looking at her seriously. 
«I abandoned my studies because I haven’t got time for them. I’m often abroad, you’ll be here alone unless you decide to follow me everywhere, that’s what I really want. When I go out, people don’t leave me in peace when they recognize me.  They want a picture or an autograph and often the paparazzi take photos even when I don’t want them too. What I mean is that if you walk out that door with me, you would be under the spotlight too from now on» he concluded sighing, as if he had taken a great weight off his mind. 
He stopped to look at Eva’s reaction. She wasn’t looking at him, and had her hand under her chin with the air of someone who had expected those words.  She suspected that it was just the tip of the iceberg. 
«Maggie, I’m asking you to make a big effort, don’t let my unexpected fame trouble you. I’m sure that it’s only a matter of time. When they get used to it, when this explosion of success starts to slow down… they’ll leave me in peace, sooner or later, for God’s sake! » he shouted, guzzled down all his wine nervously and got up. Eva looked at him, puzzled. 
«I think it’s much more your problem than mine. What’s up, do you already regret becoming a star? »
«Listen, the last thing I need is your sarcasm. I want you to understand me and I’m asking you, I’m asking you…» He moved his hand in the air while looking for the right words. 
«You’re asking me to accept your new life, although you don’t like it either» Eva told him drily, getting up to put away the empty plates. 
«Maggie, I don’t want to quarrel with you. I… I just want to love you like before, this is all I’m asking you and to do it I need you to understand me and somehow … adapt to it…»
Eva stopped with the plates precariously balanced in her hands.
«What do you really mean with adapt? » she asked at the kitchen door.
«I mean that fame comes with a price, you’ll have to accept many new things. For example, you might have to come to parties and events with me. »  He was gesticulating wildly, something very uncommon for him. He was noticeably ill at ease. 
«You see, now you have a role. Yes, a new role. I ask you to be very patient, to buy some new clothes, and to be willing to live a more public life. »  He said those last words knowing that he was giving her the “final blow”, at least for someone like Eva. He used a calm tone of voice to make it sound as normal as possible.  
«Listen, Will, I’ve always liked to excel, to win, but not to strut around in public. I didn’t even like to be in the pictures that were taken after I won a race and received a medal. After reaching my goal, I’ve always run away from the clamour, I have never been interested in it. » 
Will didn’t say anything and she continued «Now, I’ll probably be in the spotlights… without having won anything? What have I become, a First Lady? » Her tone was sarcastic and bitter. 
«Maggie, please, don’t make things worse. I love you and I want you to live here with me, and if you love me too, you’ll face all the novelties with me! » He had shouted again. It had never happened before, he was nervous, excited, different. 
He went up to Eva, took her face between his hands, after taking the dirty dishes from her and putting them on the table. Eva looked at him for some moments, his eyes were now pleading, it was probably an emotion that he couldn’t control.   
«I’ll try, Will, I promise, but knowing how I am, I don’t know if I’ll manage it. »
«You’ll be perfect, you’ll see. You’re much more gorgeous and elegant than all the simpering girls I’ve met up to now. »
He hugged and kissed her. She wanted to believe it. 
«Now, that you’re here, I won’t let you run away, I swear. » And he ran to pour himself more wine. 

The next morning, they faced London together.
Eva’s first concern were the reporters, based on what Will had told her, but when they left the building nothing happened. For a short time, she was under the illusion that everything was like before. They walked for a long time, hand in hand, until they decided to stop for a drink. They were sitting across the way from each other, Eva was relaxed as she looked at the menu, happy to be in London again. 
Warm sunrays filtered through the window, behind which the city bustled with activity.  Eva put her sunglasses on to admire the city she loved so much, smiled and leaned back in the chair with her arms crossed, as if she were watching a good film. 
That sight put her in a positive mood. Will was calm and happy to have Eva, the woman he desired so much, near him. 
«What can I get you? » a large, serious-faced waitress said.  While waiting for them to order, she made an annoying clicking sound with her pen. 
Eva was still trying to decide between an orange juice or a milk shake, when the clicking suddenly stopped. Eva looked up and saw the waitress give Will a big smile. 
«You must be that actor! Yes, William… what’s-your-name. Oh, please, could you give me your autograph? I’ll show it to my daughter, she loves you» she said blushing. Will nodded with a forced smile and signed the paper the woman gave him. «Thanks a lot, I’ll take your order now and forgive me» she said, all excited. 
Eva and Will exchanged a glance, then ordered and drank in silence. Eva thought that the incident hadn’t been so annoying, but she changed her mind when it happened again, the scene repeated for a picture, while they were in front of a shop window. And then when a group of tourists asked her to take their picture with Will. Later, on the same thing happened with a shop assistant, and finally with a paparazzo who took pictures of them without asking permission in front of their building. 
Eva entered the lift furiously. 
«Mag, I warned you and I must admit that today went all too well» Will said with his hands in his pockets. Eva looked at him in the mirror. 
«Do you mean that it’ll always be like that or even worse? » Will nodded. Eva turned suddenly to look at him, but he looked down. 
«Will, what’s the price for the wealth you’re running after? » she burst out, sincerely. 
«Mag, please…» he answered, rolling his eyes. It was the only answer Eva got at that moment and on all the other occasions when she asked the same question. 


Will’s flat had been decorated by a well-known architect. It was large, cosy and had a terrace with a wonderful view of London. Everything had been carried out with luxury in mind, and Eva realized how much her boyfriend was earning. 
The larger bathroom was a dream, the walls were sea blue, the same colour as Will’s eyes and everything was very refined. There, more than elsewhere, she could smell his scent. There were numerous toiletries on the shelf, among which that cologne he always used.  
Eva tried to enjoy that luxury and would often have a bath in that fantastic round bathtub as if she were a goddess. One day, while relaxing in a bubble bath, she started thinking. She was twenty-three and he was twenty-seven, they were two adults who were capable of making decisions about their lives. What’s the problem? Celebrity. Will was moving around in a world that she didn’t belong to and neither did he. The illusion of being well-off had convinced him to let himself be put under the spotlights. Could he turn back? No, he didn’t want to, at least not at the moment. What about her? Could she leave him just because their reality had changed? It certainly wasn’t the behaviour of a person who is in love, and she loved him.
She reached the conclusion that at that point she was involved with him, so she had to carry on. She decided that she would put all her energy into making the situation work, and with that, she burst a soap bubble with her finger. 
«Will? » she shouted, wearing her bathrobe. 
«What’s up? » he answered from the sitting room. 
«Tomorrow, I’ll have to buy some new elegant clothes. I won’t be able to be seen with you wearing jeans, what if you’re invited to parties? I’ve got some money my grandmother lent me, they’ll be enough to buy something beautiful, I hope. »
«Your grandmother’s money? That’s not what I want to hear from my future bride! » Will said, joining his hands together and looking at the ceiling. 
His future bride.
Eva had heard him well. It was the first time that he had ever said that and her heart filled with joy. She went back into the bathroom, not wanting to show him how excited she was. He loved her a lot and deserved all her love. She realized that she should have never embarrassed him and that she should be the perfect fiancée of a rising star. 
She was ready now, her transformation had to begin. She would stop being the girl who wore shorts in summer, and would become the woman of man who was becoming a celebrity. She was persuading herself, yes, she said to her reflection in the mirror.
The next day she bought numerous fashion and gossip magazines, she had to see what she had to wear for her new role. She leafed through the pages eagerly and saw a sexy Sharon Stone with a simple yet eye-catching dress, then Nicole Kidman who was wearing a gorgeous long evening dress. They inspired her with their unique styles. While flipping crazily through the magazines, at a certain point her heart stopped, there was a picture of Will with a woman, yes, it was her!
That paparazzo in front of their building had taken it.
Her heart started beating fast, then she calmed down and read the caption under the picture: “The new handsome movie star is about to disappoint his fans who dreamed of him being single: who is the mysterious girl with him, returning home hand in hand after a walk around London?»
They were talking about her. 
She got up troubled, shocked. The sports magazine in her home town had once written about her. She remembered her excitement. At that time, she was being celebrated, but now, what were they doing? Had she already become food for sharks? She needed to do something about her look, immediately. Will opened the door and Eva ran towards him, troubled. 
He looked at her with his keys in his hand. «What’s happened? A fire? »
«It’s something worse, I’m in this stupid magazine with you! » she answered, gasping for breath. 
«Give it to me. »
He took the magazine from her hands and looked at the pictures and the comments, then he put it on the couch. He smiled at her with a devious glance, amused by her worried air. 
«Why are you laughing? » Eva asked with her hands on her hips. 
«Think about when your mother sees it and you’ll be amused too. »
He moved away without giving importance to what, for Eva, had been a shock. He wanted to take things lightly. Good. He had already decided that his woman would have to accept everything.
«I must go out» Eva said. 
«Where are you going? »
«I’m going to do some urgent shopping. Goodbye» she answered while opening the door. 
«Wait! Take this. » He gave her a handful of cash. 
«I’ll pay you back. » He rolled his eyes again. «You’re the proudest woman in the world» he finally said with his hands in his pockets, looking at her while she left.
Eva felt like the protagonist of Pretty Woman with all that money, ready to face the fanciest shops in London. The best ones were the well-known Italian fashion houses and she thought that it would probably be better to shop in Milan or in Rome. It was what she would do as soon as she got back to Italy. At the moment she was in London and she needed something immediately. 
She entered a very elegant shop where the assistants looked like models. One of the older ones went up to her, with a ponytail and glasses on her nose, she was the only one who had the air of a university professor. After looking at her scornfully from top to toe, and throwing a disgusted look at her camouflage shorts, she asked with fake kindness «How may I help you, Ma’m? »
«I must buy some elegant dresses. »
«What do you mean by elegant: cocktail, evening, formal? »
Good question.
«Well, I don’t know exactly» Eva mumbled, already floored. Was she maybe letting that woman intimidate her? What would she do when Will brought her to a VIP event?  
«Listen, let me try to explain my situation» she said, determined to grasp the nettle. «I’m William Stuart’s girlfriend and I need appropriate clothing for the events that I’ll be participating in with him. So, I need a prototype for every occasion» she said. 
«I understand. Wait, please. »
She walked away like on a catwalk and disappeared into another room, 
«Listen, there’s a megalomaniac or a crazy girl out there who says she’s William Stuart’s fiancé. I don’t want to face her, you go. » Eva heard her say after having followed her. She stepped back, quick like a cat and in complete silence. “That woman deserves a lesson” she thought. 
After some moments, a smiling young girl appeared and offered to help her with her purchases. 
Eva intentionally criticized all the clothes she showed her, pretending to be an expert in fashion thanks to her nationality. Finally, after having gently despised almost everything, she said aloud «No, my William prefers other kinds of clothes. I’m really sorry for wasting your time. » She wanted to be heard by the rude woman who was in the other room.
In the meantime, she had seen a table full of magazine, among which she recognized that one with her picture in it. 
«You see, he wants me to dress in a simpler way, even when I have to be elegant. You see, we’re people who walk around London casually, without worrying too much about our look, as you can see from the picture in the magazine you have there» she added with nonchalance, pointing at the table.
«Anyway, thanks for your help, bye bye » she said smiling openly. 
She left throwing one more look at the witch who had appeared from the back of the shop, she had probably heard them talking about the magazine. Eva put on her sunglasses and felt like a lioness.
From the window, she saw the two women reading the pages of the magazine, maybe to see if what Eva had said was true. Eva looked at the puzzled expression on their faces, one of them was indicating the page with their picture.
They looked at each other and then outside the shop, at Eva who was in front of the window.  She waved at them, taking off her sunglasses, then moved away satisfied. But she hadn’t bought anything yet. 


It was harder than she thought. She entered two more shops without buying anything. She had spent her life wearing only jeans, with some rare exception, and now she was really in difficulty. 
Not wanting to go home empty-handed, she finally bought a beautiful peach-pink suit with matching high-heeled shoes. It was really elegant and beautiful, but she forced herself to buy it because it was really too far from her usual style. She went home disappointed and tired. Will was already at home and immediately realized that Eva was sad.
«What’s up? Shopping didn’t go well? » he asked, looking at her from the couch in front of the TV.
«A disaster, a real disaster» Eva answered, falling on the couch near him. «I’m not good with couture clothes, I must do more research, so tomorrow I’ll buy all the fashion magazines so I’ll be better prepared» she said pouting. 
Will smiled. 
«I’ve dreamt about you, regretting you weren’t with me, I love your wonderful simplicity» he said getting closer to her. He put his hands on her lips and moved her hair away sweetly. 
«I really missed you, you can’t imagine how much» he said again, kissing her and taking her coat off. He opened her shorts and took off her top. He wanted her, there on the couch. 
«You cheated on me, didn’t you? » Eva said suddenly.
«What? What makes you say that? » Will asked seriously surprised.
«My grandmother. »
Will burst into laughter, relieved. 
«And maybe Mrs. Ada too? » he said hoarsely, while his hands had started to explore her body again. «Are you still using this type of sports under clothes? You know, it’s not easy to unhook it…» he whispered as an expert in feminine under clothes. 
«Movies stars only wear lace, don’t they? » Eva said, moving him away. 
«What’s up? »
«You didn’t answer my question. »
Will sighed deeply and crossed his arms.
«Did you come to London with the intention of ruining everything, instead of building something together, as we’ve always dreamt? »
It was tough, but Eva knew he was right. She had to give him a chance, as her grandmother had told her to, or she would have never known what they could really have together. The long-distance relationship had only been a testing ground, now there was real life, but with many novelties, too many.
Eva pulled him against her again, kissing him passionately. He slowly touched her sports underwear, those with the high elastic band, but he hadn’t answered her question.


«Now, let’s go to Betty’s» Will said, getting out of the shower. 
«Do you still go to eat there? » Eva asked while drying her hair. 
«I’m a glutton for hot dogs, I must go to Betty’s. »
«It’s nice to know that you haven’t changed all your old habits. »
«We must balance things out for tomorrow’s boring evening» he shouted from the bedroom.  
«Where are we going tomorrow? » Eva asked worriedly, turning off the hairdryer. 
«A business dinner with important people, producers and directors. My father will be there too, he’s flying in purposely from Spain. You know, he’s my manager. »
The vapour of the bathroom covered the mirror and Eva’s worried face, she would have wanted to disappear, just like her image. She swallowed and immediately thought that fortunately she had bought that pink suit.
«Let’s enjoy Betty’s this evening» Will shouted again.
“Betty’s”: his dear old fast food place.  Eva switched on the hair dryer and aimed it at the mirror then smiled at her image.  
That place was Will and her favourite dinner choice in London and Will knew it. It had a fast food menu, but a bit more upscale. It was perfect and it was also great for an afternoon tea. Eva loved its versatility, just like the background music and the well-chosen furniture where red prevailed, her favourite colour. She especially loved the memories that she had of Betty’s. 
«Mr. William and Miss Eva! Such a pleasure to see you here together again » Mark, the long-standing waiter, said. He welcomed them at the entrance with a sincere warmth, mindful of their first unforgettable summer love spent there. 
«Come» he whispered then, abandoning formalities. «I’ll give you a private place, away from the curious eyes. » So, the couple had a pleasant evening enjoying excellent steaks with French fries and very good beer. 
«We’re missing only Steve and Corinne» Eva said with a full stomach, ready to abandon herself to nostalgia. 
«Yeah» Will said smiling maliciously. «You can call Corinne with my mobile, if you want. » He took out a brand-new mobile. It was one of the first ones that could fit in a pocket, after the bigger ones that came out in the late eighties. It was a novelty that few people had.
«You see what money gets you? » Eva said looking at that rare object in her hands. 
She handled it carefully and dialled the keys with the same concentration of someone using a keyboard for a Shuttle take off. 
«Corinne! » she burst out when she heard her friend’s voice. The take-off was a success. 
« Maggie! » Yes, she had said “Maggie”, not Eva. 
« I’m so happy to hear from you! Finally, you’re cheerful again, my dear Corinne. Tell me about something nice, come on. » Eva fantasized about marvellous Paris, while she said that. 
«Of course, mon amour, I have a scoop for you! »
«Did you get your degree? »
«No, I’m pregnant! »
Again. 
«Weren’t you the expert on contraceptives? »
«Oh, you’re so funny! Well, but this time it’s different. I’m really, really happy. »
«I’m happy for you then. I’m in London with Will, as I wrote you. Prepare a place for us at your wedding, this time. I can’t wait to come to Paris. »
«Of course, but you much more than just guests, you’ll be our best man and maid of honour. »
«Oh, what an honour…» Wasn’t there anyone their lives who had a more intimate relationship with them to be their best man and maid of honour, Eva thought. 
«Well, if that’s so, we need to meet your Gilbert as soon as possible. Meeting the groom on the wedding day isn’t such a good thing. We must be more prepared, right? »
«Oh, mon amour, but there isn’t anyone in the world who could be the best man and maid of honour more than you because you two witnessed the birth of our love. »
Eva felt her blood rush through her veins, she was petrified. What was she saying?
She looked at Will who was staring at her, grimacing and with a strange look. He was enjoying the scene. He already knew. 
«So? Did you faint? Steve is the groom, if you haven’t guessed yet. »
«N… no… I don’t understand. »
«No, I’m the one who says I don’t understand when I don’t want to understand. Don’t copy me! » The French girl burst into laughter.
«Corinne, Corinne…» Eva said, with her hand on her forehead. 
She became emotional and started crying. She finished the call with her best wishes and kisses, but she didn’t stop crying. Will noticed that. Those tears were about the past, what the four of them had been together, what surprisingly Steve and Corinne still were, and about what she and Will weren’t anymore.  
«She invited us to her wedding, not to her funeral» he said giving her a handkerchief.
«You knew it…» Eva said while inelegantly blowing her nose. 
«That Corinne was pregnant, I only found out yesterday, that they were dating, they kept it a secret, although I suspected it. Recently, Steve has flown to Paris more than once, officially for his job. »
«What job? »
«When he got his degree, he got in touch with a pharmaceutical company in Paris, but I know he continues to write and publishes novels for a publishing house. He’s happier about that than his job. »
«He met up with Corinne again. Mademoiselle didn’t write it to me. She’ll hear from me when we see her» Eva said. She then went into the restroom to freshen up, looked at herself at the mirror, touched up her make-up and combed her hair. She felt very emotional and was becoming more moody lately. She got closer to the mirror to look at her make-up. It was fine, she closed her bag and walked out. She noticed that there was a romantic song being played in the pub. She couldn’t imagine that Will had requested it. She went back to their table singing the song to herself and stopped when she saw Will on his knee. He opened his arms wide and cleared his throat.

«In vain I have struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you. »  

Darcy from “Pride and Prejudice”. Eva recognized it immediately. Was Will going to act in a Jane Austen film soon?
He put his hand in his pocket, took out a small box with a ribbon on it and gave it to Eva, before she could reply.
Eva now was speechless. 
And speechless, she opened the box while he was on his knee waiting. Was he acting? Was he practicing? That’s what Eva was thinking while she opened it with her hands shaking. The wonderful ring she found inside the box with a flashy diamond wasn’t a fantasy at all. 
«Will you marry me, Maggie? » he then said, still kneeling. 
Eva opened her lips as if to speak, but she didn’t manage to say anything. She was blown away. 
Will took the ring, in silence Eva stretched her left hand like a robot. Will put the ring on her finger slowly, so she could enjoy the moment. Eva looked at her hand as if it weren’t hers, so embellished. She looked at him, his intense blue eyes were waiting for an answer.
«Oh, Will, now I can’t remember what Elizabeth answered Darcy at that moment…» A tear rolled down on her cheek. 
«She rejected his love» he whispered, stretching his neck as if suggesting the line. «But you won’t dare break my heart…» he continued «I’ve made the mistake of kneeling on my battered knee! Of course, Darcy didn’t play tennis…» he said, still whispering, grimacing. 
«I remember that Elizabeth finally married Darcy and… and… I... I… Oh, Will! If you knew how much I love you! » She burst into tears. He got up and kissed her passionately. 
«I couldn’t have chosen a more perfect moment» he finally whispered seriously, abandoning the irony of the scene. 
The noise of a champagne cork made them turn.
«Best wishes, future Mr. and Mrs. Stuart» Mark said enthusiastically.
Eva returned home as if she were on a cloud and keeping her left hand in view, the whole world would have to see her ring. Sitting in the car, she continued to look at it and Will watched her amused and happy, really happy. 
«Oh, Will, you don’t know how happy you made me this evening. I’ll love you the best I can. » Tears rolled down on her face. she was overwhelmed. Will parked the car and hugged her once again. 
«I think I’ve always known you were the woman of my life, the moment you ran into me on the stairs at the college. I immediately felt a special emotion and I was crazy about you. Since then, there hasn’t been any other woman that could compare to you. You’re the only one for me, Maggie and forever. »
He loved her and she loved him too. They had to start from here. 
Hand in hand, they went towards the entrance to the building, on that dark and deserted footpath, as happy as ever. 
The college girl was becoming Mrs. Stuart.





Chapter19
«Hi mum, William and I got engaged» Eva said radiantly on the phone. Silence followed. «Mum, did you hear me? »
«Yes… yes, dear. I’m happy for you, best wishes. » Tears broke her voice and she had to pass the phone to her husband. She was disappointed and not happy.
«My child, what’s up? »
«Oh, dad, Will and I got engaged and I’m so happy! » Eva tried again, hoping she was luckier with her dad’s reaction. 
«What beautiful news! My little one, I’m so proud of you and… Oh, damn it, I’m moved just like your mother. » His tears were tears of joy and Eva knew it. «You have to come back to Italy to plan your wedding. »
«Well, I don’t think we can get married soon. Will still has commitments, that’s why we haven’t set a date yet. I think it won’t be possible before next year, so we have all the time to plan everything, dad. »
«As you wish. We look forward to seeing you, come and visit us as soon as you can. »
«Yes, I promise. »
Eva’s mother became depressed, her father, instead, was happy about everything. He loved Will because he knew how much he loved his daughter and he was even enthusiastic for his brilliant career. However, his wife didn’t agree with him and this made Eva and her mother’s relationship even more distant.
«I’ll come wearing red» her grandmother answered on the phone, after she heard the news. 
«Where grandma? »
«To your wedding. » 
«But it’s early to think about the dress if we haven’t set a date yet, don’t you think? »
«Well, hurry up because I want to see you get married before I die. »
Eva smiled, holding the phone on her shoulder. «Dear grandma, you must never die. » She loved her so much.
«This way please» a waiter, who looked like a count, said at the entrance of one of the most exclusive restaurants in the city.
The others were already at the table, even William’s father who sat near his son. The couple was welcomed with smiles, handshakes and piercing looks. It was Eva’s impression of that world that was so new to her. She pretended to be relaxed, but she immediately felt embarrassed when she saw the other women’s outfits, well-chosen and more casual than hers. None of them had chosen a suit and a fancy hairstyle like she did. They were wearing trousers and silk shirts, a sombre and youthful style, without being too elegant. Will’s outfit was instead in line with that of the other men, Eva noticed. But for men everything was always easier. 
«So, you’re Italian and very young too, I see» the oldest woman at the table said, with an inquiring tone. Eva surmised that she was an envious person, sat down ignoring her comment, and already felt quite uncomfortable.  
«Very gorgeous too, my compliments, William» the grey-haired and distinguished man sitting near Eva, immediately added. Eva had the feeling that he had wanted to prevent any possible attack on behalf of “Mrs. Envy” who was sitting in front of her. The cocky woman had even moved a bottle to look at her better, but the man’s words seemed to soften her. 
Will later told Eva that the compliment she had received had been made by one of the most famous English directors: Mike Scott. Eva had heard that name in Italy too and luckily, she had found out it was him only at the end of the dinner, when the news couldn’t embarrass her anymore. He was the only one who talked to her during the entire evening.        
Eva had the impression that she didn’t even exist for the others at the table. They all talked to Will, especially the women. They often glared at her maliciously, as if they wanted to guess more details about her. But she remained silent, deciding that she had nothing to say to those people. It was the most boring dinner she had ever participated at in her life. She suddenly felt the need to yawn, so she did, hiding it behind her hand. After a moment, she yawned again and then again, but this time she made a noise that sounded like a low roar. She would have wanted to stop, but she couldn’t. Mr. Scott, who was sitting near her, started laughing. 
«Gentlemen, I think we’re letting our conversation linger. Mr. Stuart has already accepted our proposals and we’ve discussed his remuneration. Dinner was excellent and… I suggest we call the waiter for a last toast» Scott said. 
Eva felt that he had intervened to get her out of that embarrassing situation. 
Dinner was over and they all left the restaurant where the couple said farewell to everyone and Eva couldn’t help but sigh with relief. Besides the boredom, she had also started feeling a pain in her foot caused by her new shoes. She walked awkwardly to avoid limping, knowing they were all looking at her. She heard a feminine voice say «Take a look at the way she wiggles her hips. Maybe it’s because she’s Italian…»
What the hell does “maybe it’s because she’s Italian” mean? Eva tried to walk better and ignored those witches. She reached Will’s car and sank inside as if she were a castaway that grabbed a rock. 
«You looked exhausted» Will told her, starting the car. 
«My shoes and those harpies at the restaurant… oh! » she answered, worn out. 
«I don’t think it was a good idea to bring you with me to a business dinner » Will said immediately. 
«Yeah, I can only cause damage to your image with my presence. I’m not like those women. »
«Mag, you aren’t less than them. You mustn’t be intimidated by their self-confidence. They’re all professionals, but trust me, if they tried to broaden their horizons getting to know a cultured and clever girl like you, they wouldn’t be a match for you» he said with conviction, engaging the gears of his shiny Ferrari.
«Thanks for saying that» Eva said, turning to look at him. 
He believed what he said, but this wasn’t enough to make her feel at ease with those people, and she thought she might not be in the future either.



Chapter20


Eva would wake up very early in the morning to go jogging. She hadn’t lost this habit and when she had to interrupt this ritual for a short period to finish her studies, she had felt as if there was something important missing in her life. She had given up racing and beating records, but she couldn’t abandon that morning run: without it, her mood could be ruined all day. In London, she ran first on the sidewalk and then in a small park nearby. She started noticing strange movements around her, and soon she understood the reason why, they were reporters. She found out when she saw her photo, of her jogging, in a magazine.
“The girlfriend of the most admired guy in London keeps fit for him”. Couldn’t they find less idiotic words? She was annoyed by that intrusion, but she couldn’t do anything about it. She changed her usual path, hoping it was enough to mislead them, but wherever she went, she always felt indiscrete eyes on her.  She didn’t say anything to Will, she knew he was annoyed too and there was nothing he could do. So, they both suffered in silence. 
«I must go home, Will» she said one day while they were having lunch in a restaurant. She said those words after some girls had asked them to take pictures with Will. 
«As you wish, how long will you stay away? » he said coldly without looking at her. 
«Not so long, but I need to see my parents, my grandmother, you understand…»
«Of course, I understand. Go ahead. However, I can’t come because I’m working on that project with the local TV, you know. » He threw the napkin on the table, he was nervous. 
«I know your commitments, I’ll do without you for a while, but I’ll dream of you every night, ok? » Eva tried to lighten the mood, winking at him. Will smiled at her and his tension faded away, but Eva noticed that his smile was bitter, contrary to what was his usual. 
«I’ll book a flight for this afternoon, if you don’t mind» she then added, looking at him.
«What a hurry! Are you running away? » Will said, eating his steak. He was clearly provoking her. 
«Will, I love you, but…»
«But? » His eyes were challenging her and Eva didn’t accept it. 
«It’s nothing that you don’t already know» she said, offended by his sharpness. She found him unforgivably selfish.
«I don’t know anything! » He had raised his voice and someone turned to look at them.
«Will, not here! » Eva whispered, stretching towards him.
«Not here, not there… Talk! Let me understand you, for God’s sake! »
Now, everyone had turned around. 
«Listen…» Eva said patiently, hoping he imitated her. «I might even love you madly, but I have my needs, that I can’t ignore. »
«That is, free yourself from the reporters? Do you want to screw things up for some photo reporters? » he answered, pointing somewhere as if they were imaginary reporters there for them. He tried to calm down, but he was extremely nervous, as it had never happened before. It wasn’t only because of Eva. 
«For example, a job. You’re rich, but I don’t want to be your kept woman, a puppet near you. Will, I studied a lot, I dream to teach children and…»
«Teach? »
«As you might remember, unless you were too focused on yourself, when we were apart because you were travelling around the world, I did some substitute teaching. It was a wonderful experience» Eva said with shining eyes. 
«Yes, I remember, we talked about it too and… what did you teach? » he asked sceptically. 
«The English language. »
He looked at her puzzled, he felt guilty because he hadn’t remembered it. 
«Well, you could teach here, I don’t know, maybe… Italian? » Eva laughed, she appreciated that he was making an effort. 
«I could, but Will, your life will never match…»
«Enough! » he raised his voice again, then controlled himself. He had become easily irascible while Eva was becoming extremely intolerant.
«If we really wanted to, we could settle everything» he whispered, getting closer to her. 
«We’ll try, ok, but now I must go back to Italy» Eva said, wiping her mouth.
After lunch she went to a travel agency and when she held the flight ticket in her hands, she felt joyful, already contemplating the atmosphere of her home. When it was time to leave, Will accompanied her to the airport and when he said goodbye with a kiss, he held her by her hips. 
«What’s up? You don’t want me to leave? » Eva asked, surprised. 
«I want you to make a promise before you go. »
«That is? »
«That you’ll come back soon» he explained, sadly.
«Will, do you really think I’m running away? »
«Maggie, we’ll find another house in a quieter place, where we’ll go live as soon as we get married. We’ll use the flat in London only for work, I want our nest to be more secluded, more intimate, what do you think? » he said those words staring at her and hugging her. He had hit the mark.
«I say that it’s a wonderful idea and now let me go or I’ll miss my flight» Eva answered with a radiant smile. Those last words made Will understand that Eva wanted to run away, not from him, but from the clamour in their lives. So, he planted a kiss on her lips. 
«I solemnly promise that I’ll come back to my man. » She moved away hurriedly, leaving him speechless, but happy. Will remained there, looking at his fiancé who was running to catch up with her past life. 

«Dad! » Eva shouted while running towards him. «Dad…» she repeated, almost pouncing on him at the airport in Rome. 
«Hey, my little one, don’t knock me down! »
«Sorry» the girl, said crying. «It’s just that I’ve missed you so much. »
«Is everything alright, Eva? » he said, taking her chin in his hand and lifting it, while she was drying her tears. 
«Yes… yes, believe me. It’s just the emotion of seeing you again. » It was true, as it was also true that she was crying because she had to let go of the tension accumulated in London. 
«Come, my child, let’s go have a coffee, an Espresso, a good one! »
«Oh, how wonderful! And for lunch, I want Spaghetti alla Chitarra with a mountain of meat ragu sauce. » Her father laughed, but he senses that food wasn’t her main problem. 
«Tell me about your engagement, I want to know everything» he asked her, sitting in the bar. 
«Will chose our favourite pub to give me this ring. » She showed it to him.
«Hey, he must have spent a fortune! The stone is bigger than the one I gave your mother. She’ll be envious» he said, winking at her. 
«That’s why he brought me to a normal, simple place, just like us, to propose. His life, instead, has become complicated. »
Her father put down his empty cup. «What do you mean “complicated?” »
«He lives in luxury and he has no financial problems. He earned a lot of money with the film that made him very famous, and he is getting many more job offers and contracts» Eva said, enjoying the normality of that bar in Rome and the smell of Italian coffee. 
«But? » her father insisted because his daughter was an open book to him.
«But… There are some difficulties for me to overcome. The first one is his sudden fame, and the fact that we’re always surrounded by girls who want autographs, as well as photo reporters who publish our pictures in idiotic gossip magazines. They write all kinds of foolishness. Believe me, every day is worse than the previous one. They recognize me now and even follow me while I’m jogging» Eva explained, her eyes open wide. 
«Well, this the price you pay to be a celebrity» her father said, relieved by her words. He was afraid it was something terrible, because her eyes that were always so clear and sincere, had immediately told him that something was wrong. 
«What celebrity are you talking about dad? » Eva said. «About his, not mine! I… I didn’t want and I still don’t want to be famous! I just wanted to be with him and live in peace, the way we used to when we walked hand in hand around Piccadilly, looking for a pair of cheap jeans. »
«Forget it! That time will never come back, and this doesn’t concern only you, but everyone, whether one is famous or not. You can’t think that you’ll have the same life you had when you were a girl on holiday. Things change for everyone, my dear. You must see the positive side of everything, Will has become rich and famous, and even if wealth isn’t everything, it can without a doubt help. For example, you could choose to live elsewhere and not in central London. »
«It’s what he proposed to do when we said goodbye at the airport, dad. He wants to look for a new house far from the city, when we get married. »
«He’s wise and he loves you, he’ll find a solution» her father said. 
«Yes, but I adore London, I wouldn’t want to give it up. There’s something else too, I don’t want to financially depend on him. I’ve got a degree and I want to work and use it. » She put her cup down, making a noise. Her father looked at her and noticed that she was nervous, a new mood that didn’t belong to her.  
«It’s indisputable, you must look for a job. It’s important that you feel gratified. You’ll see, everything will change when you have your own life and job. It will benefit you as a couple too. Did you talk to Will about it? »
«Yes…» 
That acute man understood the meaning of her “yes” pronounced through her teeth.
«Be careful, don’t make the mistake of preferring silence. You must face every topic, every problem, and if you quarrel or argue, that’s ok, if it’s useful to clear things out. Remember that in love, silence can be the beginning of the end» he said, waving his index finger.
These last words strongly hit Eva’s soul. If children listened to their parent’s advice, they would make less mistakes in their lives. However, sometimes advice is just used to say one day: “My father and mother had told me so”.
They arrived home in a good mood. After that chat, Eva’s tension had faded away. Her mother hugged her and welcomed her with love, putting aside her animosity. She had prepared the egg noodles with ragu, rolled meat with sauce, with a side dish of artichokes, ham and mozzarella cheese. Eva ate with a voracity that scared her parents. 
«You can’t understand, you must come to London to see the dramatic difference between our food and theirs! » the girl exclaimed with her mouth full. She wanted them to understand that she wasn’t just hungry, but she missed home cooking. Her parents looked at her, puzzled.
In the afternoon, she fell asleep in her bedroom and felt like she was wrapped in a warmth and sense of protection that only your home can give you. At five o’clock she went to her grandmother’s house. 
«Well? How long did it take you to come here? » As usual, she welcomed her with her grouchy manners. 
«Oh, grandma, how much I’ve missed you! » Eva hugged her, and the woman tried to hide her happiness.  
«Hurry up, come in, I don’t like to stay on the threshold. » she immediately said and moved towards the kitchen to hide her shiny eyes. 
«He tied you down, didn’t he? You know, that ring that shines on your finger, it’s like a ball and chain! » she said after some moments, while putting a tray with two wonderful ice cream sundaes on the table.
«Grandma, my favourite ice-cream! Oh, I’ll go back to London fat but happy» and she plunged the spoon into the cream that was on a mountain of chocolate and hazelnut ice-cream. 
«So, will tell me if I have to buy a winter or summer dress, or who knows what, for your wedding? »
«We haven’t set a date yet! You’ll be the first one to know, ok? » Eva focused on her ice-cream while her grandmother looked at her pensively. 
«Well, you sure aren’t a gushing bride» she noticed, frowning. 
«It’s early. We’ve got plenty of time, grandma, plenty of time. » In the meantime, she sank her spoon into the chocolate, not interested in anything else. Her grandmother looked at her in silence, with a stunned expression. 

Eva saw Patty and all the others in the evening. It was a happy reunion. Eva didn’t want to admit it, but there with them, she felt really good again. Lately, the atmosphere in London had become heavy for her. She spent cheerful days jogging and with her friends. While she was walking in the centre with Patty one day, she told Eva that she wanted to go to New York. 
«What are you going to do in New York? » Eva asked, full of amazement. She knew her friend well, and believed that a foreign country wouldn’t be suitable for her. Patty is the kind of person who is attached to her roots and habits, Eva didn’t really see her in a city like New York. 
«You know that I’ve got a cousin there, he asked me to join him for a job opportunity. Since I got my degree, I’m just groping around in the dark, it seems that there are no opportunities here for an inexperienced girl. I must take a chance. It could be a good feather in my cap for a job in Italy, don’t you think? »
«We’re both destined to migrate then. »
«You’ve always wanted to, Eva. London has always been your dream. »
«Yes» she said without adding anything else. The seventh evening of her holiday, she decided to stay at home to watch TV with her parents on the couch, as she used to do when she was a child. It seemed that she wanted to savour everything she would have lost soon. She had just sat when the phone rang. She got up unwillingly, it was Will. 
«Hi, darling» she said, happy to hear his voice, but he didn’t let her say anything else. He had news that he couldn’t hold back. 
«Mag, I’ve been invited to an important event in Hollywood, a very important event. They have organized an event to honour old movie stars, the most famous actors in the world will be there. It’s a golden opportunity, a magnificent showcase for me. Every guest must be accompanied, they want couples. You’ll be my lady, prepare yourself» he said joyfully. 
«Me? Why me? »
«Aren’t you my fiancé? Or do you prefer that they choose someone else to go with me? I want to go with you, the whole world must know that you’re my woman. I have no intention of walking on the red carpet with a perfect stranger who is looking for attention. »
Eva hadn’t considered that. The idea that Will could give his arm to some other beautiful woman under the spotlights, annoyed her enormously.
«I’ll be with you, Will. Tell me what I should wear» she said angrily. 
«Oh, I was afraid for a moment, but it doesn’t matter now. I’ll be the proudest man at the event. I’ll wear a black tuxedo and you… dress up for Oscar night! »
«Mum, I need aunt Valeria» Eva shouted while entering the sitting room.
«For you wedding dress, dear? » her mother asked excited. 
«No, for an event in Hollywood. » Her parents looked at each other puzzled. Eva explained what Will had told her and focused on it. She had taken it as a challenge. She didn’t want to be lesser than anyone else, Will had to look perfect and have a perfect woman at his side, both in appearance and posture. Eva was convinced that she would be that woman, at any cost. 
Her aunt was a well-known bridal gown designer and Eva wanted her to create her dress for that event. She wanted to choose every detail, avoiding to deal with arrogant shop assistants of high-couture shops. She went to see her the following morning. Will had told her that the event was for the following month. 
«Aunt, we’ve got little time! »
«Oh, how do you want it, dear? White or that cream colour that is so popular now? »
«Bright red. »
«What? Where did you see a bride in red? »
«It’s not for my wedding dress, not for now, at least. I must be the most elegant and most photographed woman at an event that will be broadcasted everywhere. Let’s get to work. »
Her aunt was amazed, while the tape measure that she had around her neck, fell on the floor. 
«But… there’s high couture for this» she mumbled. 
«I want you to do it, not high couture. »
There was a lot of excitement in the laboratory, her aunt had alerted her employees and made calls to her suppliers to find the material in the required colour. Eva had requested it to be in pure silk. 
Many days of fittings, quarrels with her aunt and shopping for accessories followed. The final result was astonishing, when Eva came out of the dressing room, her mother and aunt looked at her speechless. The girl walked towards them slowly, elegantly, imagining herself on the red carpet. Her thin and curvy body was wrapped in a wonderful red silk that ended with a short train. The full bosom was draped and full of rhinestones of the same colour, and ended with a heart-shaped neckline that enhanced her breasts. The back was a V line, and from her shoulders red silk billowed lightly with every step. In her curly and fluffy hair, she had beautiful bright red pendants. She wore a red lipstick and dark eyeshadow to let her big eyes stand out. Her shoes were closed with high heels and had been produced with the same material of the dress. In her hand, she had a red-rhinestone purse. 
«Well, are you speechless? » she asked amused.
«Oh, my little girl, you’re gorgeous! You look like a star» her aunt said, near Eva’s mother and surrounded by her employees, who eyed her adoringly. Eva turned towards the mirror and putting her hand on her hip, she thought that the high fashion couldn’t have done better.
She was ready, Will would be proud of his fiancé.




Chapter21 


Eva returned to London with the evening that they were going to spend in the United States. She got ready, not overlooking anything. She practiced walking around the house to get used to the high heels, the pace, her body movements and her smile, imagining the moment in which she would be on the red carpet under the scrutiny of people and cameras. She spent hours in front of the mirror, smiling and even waving her hand. One day Will noticed her movements from the bed he was lying on, looked at her and said 
«What the hell are you doing? »
«I’m practicing for our evening in Hollywood» Eva said with a serious look.
Will laughed, as usual, shaking his head and looking down. 
«It’s not going to be a fashion show! » he said «You look like a model on a runway. Although, your behind doesn’t look bad at all» he added, maliciously.
That last statement annoyed her and she stopped, deciding not to wiggle anymore, she wouldn’t want anyone to consider her vulgar. She tried one more time only with a slight wave of the hand.
«You’re not even Lady Diana. »
Eva at that point abandoned the wave and the entire ordeal started to become stressful.
«Why don’t you stop what you’re doing and just be natural when the time comes? » Will finally said looking at her from the bedroom. 
Eva nervously took off her shoes and walked towards the bathroom. 
«I can’t do anything with you around. Don’t you understand that your reputation is at stake? If something goes wrong, I’ll be criticized, or even worse they will make fun of me! This will make you look bad. I don’t want to jeopardize your career. » 
Will responded by pulling her by the arm and taking her to the mirror in the bedroom.
«Look at yourself. Without make-up, your hair a mess and no shoes, you’re gorgeous. Everyone will envy you that night, I’m sure. » He kissed her neck.

Eva bought a new black mascara and foundation, her other products were still good, and the lipstick that her grandmother had given her would be perfect. She would let an American hairdresser take care of her hair, hoping she would do a good job. 
The special moment arrived, the couple travelled to Los Angeles, arriving there the day before the event. They gave their clothes to the ironing department of the hotel, although Eva was fearful that they would ruin her dress, but Will assured her that they were used to dealing with wealthy people and expensive clothing. 
Eva didn’t eat all day, she was anxious. That afternoon she had palpitations while she was lying on the bed. The anxiety increased as the hours went by. Will returned and found her stressed out. 
«Damn it, you don’t have to do anything but walk by my side and stay near me all night. Why are you so nervous? »
«Why am I nervous? Because I’ll have thousands of eyes on me, ohhh, I shouldn’t have come.  I’ll ruin your evening» she shouted in a panic. 
«That’s enough! » Will said with determination as he pulled her up by the arms. «Get ready, and so will I, no more tantrums. The hairdresser will be here in an hour. Get dressed and stop it!» His voice was harsh like that of a father who’s reprimanding his child.
Eva sighed and started to get ready, her hands were shaking, how could she put her make up on? She opened the mini bar and saw a small bottle of whisky, opened it and drank. Her throat burned and she shivered, but her hands stopped shaking, it seemed to work. 
When she was ready, she sent the hairdresser away and sat on the bed. She had also had a manicure and was waiting for the polish to dry.
«It’s time to go» Will said, he looked so handsome in his black tuxedo, white shirt and black bowtie. His hair was combed back with gel that accentuated his black curls.  
«Will, you are a fascinating man» Eva said, sincerely.
He smiled. «So, I’m worthy of your breath-taking beauty. »
«Go away, I need to add the final touches then you can judge. »
Eva got up and walked towards the mini bar, took the bottle and finished it off.  She felt calmer.
«The final touch» she said to herself in the mirror.  She put her lipstick on, added a bit of blush, picked up her evening bag and looked at herself once more, she was ready to go.
«Will! » she shouted. He looked at her admiringly, in her bright red gown.
«I’m so lucky, I’m sure you will be the most beautiful woman at the event. »
Eva smiled like an idiot, gratified, the whisky had done its job.
They got into an elegant limousine that was waiting for them downstairs and left. The journey was silent, the car slowed down and turned right. A crowd of people and flashes could already be seen in a distance. “Here we are” Eva thought.
She closed her eyes and opened only when the car stopped. Someone on the outside opened the door and a gloved hand helped the gorgeous girl get out. Eva elegantly stepped out of the limousine as she had practiced. She pulled herself together and let go of the hand that had helped her out. She turned towards Will who was getting out of the car and holding out his hand to her. 
Eva hadn’t noticed what was going on around them yet. At that moment, she saw a wave of flashing lights coming from every direction. A crowd of people behind the barriers were shouting and waving at the couple who was later described in the media as the most beautiful couple at the event. Eva looked at Will in the eyes, needing reassurance, and he gave her a charming smile.
«Will… I can’t breathe… I’m suffocating! I feel like… I’m having a panic attack» Eva said staring at him with terror.
«Don’t think about it, just breathe, hold my hand tight and smile. You look gorgeous! » he said, with gritted teeth.
Eva sighed, gathered her courage and turned to look at the crowd. She started walking by his side, forgetting all the things she had practiced at home. The lights were blinding, they were on the mythical red carpet. She felt like she couldn’t hear or see anything, her heart was the only sound she could hear.  So, she walked along with him towards the entrance as if she were in a dream. 
Their photos would have been in every paper and magazine all over the world. Relatives, friends and acquaintances would have all seen them on that world-famous walkway. Their lives had changed forever. Will and Maggie didn’t exist anymore, now their place was taken by the future Mr. and Mrs. Stuart as the world media had already defined them. 





Chapter22


Eva and Will attended the award ceremony of old movie stars like Tony Curtis and Gregory Peck. There was even Kevin Costner, Eva’s favourite actor and it was at that moment that she realized they were among big stars.
When they switched off the cameras and it was time for the party, she finally had the feeling that the worst part was over, but she was wrong. She had to face all those personalities who belonged to a world that was distant from hers, whom Will and his father introduced her to. Eva understood that she was surrounded by a world of fiction. Every movement was studied, faces and bodies seemed to have undergone surgery performed by the best experts in beauty. There was no room for spontaneity and simplicity, even the way they talked was fake. Will seemed relaxed and unconcerned of the things that annoyed Eva. Many people, especially women, wanted to spend time with him, chatting about nonsense. 
«These are all important people in this world. I can’t ignore them, please make an effort, be kind to them» Will told her, while eating an olive that he pushed from one side to the other of his mouth as if it were a tennis ball. 
«You’re funny! » Eva said, changing the subject. 
«Why? »
«Swallow that olive, if you want to be refined. »
Will laughed and did what Eva told him, hiding the pit in his hand. 
«Are you going to keep it in your hand the whole evening? » Eva asked, amused. 
«No, I’ll let it fall in some harpies’ glass, there are a lot of them around» he answered smiling and frowning. Eva smiled back and took his hand, ignoring those who were looking at them and making comments. They were being very successful as a couple.  The found this out about a week later when many international magazines had pictures of them together on the red carpet.
A woman on her sixties moved away from the group of those who were admiring them and went up to Will. She kissed him as if she were one of his oldest acquaintances.
«William, dear, you’re so handsome, as usual. Aren’t you going to introduce me to this lovely rosebud near you? » she said smiling forcedly because her skin had been stretched so tight.
«Of course, this is my Eva» Will said, winking at Eva, as if to tell her that the woman was an important person. 
«Did I hear that correctly? Your Eva? » the woman said, insisting on that “your”.
«Yes, she’s my fiancé. »        
The woman immediately looked at the diamond on the girl’s finger. 
«Oh, where have you been hiding this beauty? Nice to meet you, Eva. » She shook her hand, trying to smile again. «Come, dear, let’s have a drink together. » She brought her to the buffet. 
Eva desperately turned to look at Will. «I really didn’t need this» her eyes were saying. She felt insecure without him.
«What would you like? » 
She didn’t know what to answer, she couldn’t remember the name of any of those damned cocktails. 
«I’ll have whatever you choose, it’ll be fine» she finally said, sure of not making a mistake. The woman ordered two drinks, and turning towards Eva, said «Where do you come from, dear?»
«I’m Italian. »
«Oh, yes… I read about it. Your look and your dress say a lot about your country. Red… that’s a “Vale”, isn’t it? »
Did she know her aunt Valeria? How could it be possible?
«Yes, that’s right! » Eva said puzzled. 
«Oh, I would have recognized a Valentino red among thousands of dresses» the woman answered smiling without any reason and guzzling her cocktail. Eva did the same with hers, she would have wanted to drown into her glass at that moment. Luckily, Will arrived to help her, with the excuse of wanting to show her something. She met other people and Eva started to think that the evening was endless. Her feet were hurting in those high heels and it was a real miracle that she didn’t fall down when she twisted her ankle. 
They were in the middle of the room when it happened. Will held her up while Eva cursed in Italian, luckily no one could understand. 
«The shoe! » she hissed.
«The shoe… what? » he whispered. 
«I lost it».
«Where is it? »
«Under my train. Hold me up, I’ll try to put it on again without bending down, damn it! » She made a big effort, using her aching foot and finally managed to put her shoe on. For a moment, she swayed, but then arm in arm with Will she started walking again. 
«This is the result of that night we jumped over the wall of the college and I hurt my foot. Since then I’ve often gotten sprains in my ankle. My ligaments are weak, but so are my reflexes. I shouldn’t have drunk all those cocktails, damn it! » Eva said desperately. Of course, Will didn’t know that she had guzzled the whisky bottle at the hotel too. 
«Hold on, the evening is almost over» he whispered to her. Then, he was called by a group of men. 
Eva needed to breath, she saw an open window, with its curtains that billowed in the wind. She decided to go outside, so she walked towards the window with a clownish step, hoping no one was looking at her. As soon as she stepped outside, a sudden gust of wind blew her hair in her face, blocking her vision.  When she managed to gather her hair, she saw a shadow near her and was startled. 
«I’m sorry to have frightened you, it wasn’t my intention. » It was Mike Scott, the director that she had met at the business dinner in London. She felt relieved and thought that maybe he was the first normal person who had talked to her all evening. 
«I’m really happy to see you again, Mr. Scott, but don’t take me so seriously! »
Scott laughed and made the ice in his glass clink. 
«Why? »
«I think I’m drunk! » Eva whispered, getting closer to him. 
The man laughed again. «I saw you while you’re about to fall down. »
«If I go back inside, I’ll embarrass myself, I’m sure. »
«I think you won two first prizes tonight» he added, amused. 
«What? »
«First, you’re the most gorgeous girl, secondly, you’re the only spontaneous and natural beauty amongst all these breast implants, face-lifts and hypocrites. »
«There’s a third prize too. »
«That is? »
«I’m the only drunk who can’t stand on her feet. » This time Scott burst into laughter.
«Would you like to be an actress too? » he asked suddenly, as if he was talking about a superficial subject. 
«Are you joking? I’m here only for my Will! » Eva said.
«Will’s father showed me the commercial you did some time ago, you’re photogenic and relaxed. You can do more if you study» he insisted. 
«That commercial was Will’s idea only to make me earn some money. I thank you for the compliments, I’m very flattered, but believe me, in front of an audience I’m a real disaster. I panic and my throat closes up. You won’t convince me at all, I have a degree in languages and I’m looking for a job, so if you need a translator, then I’ll accept and I’ll thank you for your help.» Eva realized that the alcohol had made her more confident and even insolent. 
«My compliments for your English too, little lady. You’ve got many qualities, a lot…» It seemed that the man was weighing his words. He was looking at her with a smirk, making his empty glass rotate as if he was thinking about something, but in the end, he didn’t say anything. 
In the meantime, Eva stumbled and leaned against the wall behind her. 
«I think it’s time to call William and a taxi» Scott said amused and disappeared inside. 
It was the second time that man helped her. When Scott called him, Will was chatting with a group of women who were surrounding him. He was happy to leave with Eva and as soon as they were inside the taxi, they both stretched on the seats exhausted. 
«That’s it! » Will said putting his hand through his hair. 
«Yeah…» Eva answered. 
«It went great, Mag. You were very much admired by everyone. »
Eva wasn’t listening to him anymore, deep down she knew he was right, and she still had the feeling that evening would have influenced their lives forever.




Chapter23

The next day they slept until late afternoon then took a flight to New York. To release the stress accumulated, they decided to see the Big Apple and had a great time. They fortunately weren’t disturbed by fans, except for a group of Japanese girls who asked for their photos to be taken with Will, so it seemed to them like they were back in the good old days. After a warm shower, they went sightseeing like any other tourist. They saw the Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island and the magnificent Twin Towers. It was a pleasant sunny day, they walked hand-in-hand along Fifth Avenue and felt compelled to make a stop at Tiffany’s. Eva imitated Audrey Hepburn in “Breakfast at Tiffany’s”, looking at Will while lowering her sunglasses on her nose in front of the shop window. 
He took a photo of her in that pose that belonged to the icon that she adored so much. Then they walked into the shop to admire the jewels in the sparkling showcases. In that dreamy atmosphere, Eva was attracted to a gorgeous small ruby, encased in a drop of white gold.  She was mesmerized by it, while Will, instead, seemed anxious to leave. Once they were outside, he insisted on taking her to a nearby doughnut shop.
«This way you can enjoy a doughnut in front of the shop window, like Audrey Hepburn in the film» he said. Eva liked the idea, and while they were queueing, Will asked her to wait for him there because he seemed to have left their NY guidebook at Tiffany’s. Eva paid for the doughnuts and walked out of the shop just as Will returned and happily said «Wow, these smell great, just like your Italian cornetti! »
«Yes, come on, let’s go eat them in front of the shop window! »
They devoured them. They were enjoying their simple time together, and for a moment Eva believed that London and Los Angeles were a distant memory. The day wasn’t over yet and Will wanted to go up the Empire State Building, so they queued up with all the other tourists, and Eva felt she was the happiest girl in the world.
When they reached the rooftop, Eva was enthusiastic.
«I absolutely want to return to New York! I haven’t felt this well in a long time» she said taking in a deep breath while admiring the amazing view. At that moment, she felt Will’s hands around her neck and when she looked down, she saw that he had just fastened the Tiffany ruby that shined back at her in all its beauty.
«Oh, Will, are you crazy? It’s gorgeous, but when…? » He had bought it when she was in the doughnut shop, which had in fact been only an excuse. She hugged him tight. He wanted her to be happy, that was the message! 
«Mag, I know what an effort it has been to follow me under the spotlights, and this is only a small token of my appreciation. I know how difficult it is for you, and you have no idea how guilty I feel, God knows how much I would want to avoid this life. But I’m convinced that together we can overcome anything» he said, standing really close to her while the wind blew through the beautiful black hair. He took her face in his hands, they stood there, oblivious of what was around them, then they kissed just like they did that summer long ago in the crowd at the amusement park. 

They returned to London and the magic of New York vanished. At the airport there were already reporters waiting for them. Eva realized that their dream was over. The love bubble in which they had lived for the last few days had burst, and the situation in London seemed even worse. The British TV had announced their recent activities and the media was there waiting for their statements, which they promptly refused to give. 
They found reporters near their home too. Will smiled to everyone, stepping up his pace and pulling his fiancée along with him. It was terrible. They walked into their flat in silence, that invasion dangerously shut them up, and they fell right back into their gloomy London life.

After dinner, while they were trying to find a bit of harmony, Will asked her «What exactly did Scott tell you in Hollywood? » He was looking for something to lighten the mood, but he picked the wrong subject.
That question was a surprise for Eva. «He wanted to offer me something in the movies, but I preferred to cut him short immediately. »
«You what…? » He couldn’t finish and laughed nervously. «Do you realize that there are hundreds of girls in the world that try to get near that man in every way with the hope of getting a role or getting hired somehow? And you? You cut him short? You snubbed one of the biggest directors and producers in the world. »
«Really? Maybe, he approached me because he understood that I didn’t know who he was, don’t you think? He’s an intelligent man and he’s probably fed up with people dealing with him only out of interest. »
«Exactly. My dad says he’s bored with everything and he’s looking for something new. »
«Well, he should look for something new elsewhere. I’m not an actress and never will be! »  While Will looked at her incredulously, the phone rang. It was Eva’s mother.
«I’m sorry I didn’t call you, but it’s been a busy time. Now it’s all over, fortunately. How are you? » Eva asked, happy to hear from her. Her happiness, however, didn’t last very long because her mother always managed to put a damper on her moods.
«Oh, Eva, I saw you on TV! » and she interrupted herself and broke down crying, as if she had seen her daughter’s dead body on TV. Unable to speak, she passed the phone to her husband. They had seen them walk down the red carpet and that had been enough to consider her daughter a lost woman.  Eva heard her father whisper to his wife that she was being silly.
«Eva, dear, you looked beautiful, divine, the best of all. I’m proud of you and William, you’re a wonderful couple. A real success! Even the local papers have talked about the Italian beauty of the famous English actor’s fiancée. You’re living a magical moment, my dear child, enjoy it! » her father said, revealing an international popularity that was more than she had imagined.
«Geez, you mean the Italian TV and newspapers have talked about me too? »
«You should have expected it, dear, the moment you decided to walk on the red carpet, hand in hand with William Stuart! »
He was right. She felt so naïve. Her fiancé was not her Will, but that actor who was gaining fame all over the world in the last two years. This wasn’t so clear to her yet, apparently, or maybe she just didn’t want to accept it.
A thousand other calls came along after that phone call. Will’s mother, her grandmother, Patty, Steve, Corinne and others. Everyone wanted to compliment them and they all talked about having seen them in the newspapers and on television. Soon the magazines were full of Hollywood photos, including theirs. Eva found this excessive and disturbing. Why take photos of them two when there were so many important and more famous celebrities to talk about? She just couldn’t understand. 





Chapter24

Eva went back to her daily jogging and on some days even ran for ten kilometres. She had to release her tension. The growing clamour was suffocating her and running was the only way to relax. She had also started shouting abuse at the insolent reporters, not giving a shit about good manners, especially because they didn’t have respect for others. The press didn’t miss the opportunity to publish her comments and Will wasn’t happy about it at all. 
She didn’t care, though, they were invading her life and weren’t authorized to do it. Tension grew and it became unbearable when one day Will came home and said «Mag, Mr. Scott got in touch with me through my father. He’s here in London and wants to talk to you. »
«About what? »
«You’ll find out when you go to his office here in the city» he answered. 
Scott was returning to the fray and if it were someone else, Eva would have told him to go to hell, but he didn’t deserve it. He had twice helped her during embarrassing situations and had been really kind to her. Above all, he was different from all the others who revolved around Will, he seemed to be a sincere and worthy man.       
«Ok, I’ll come to hear what he wants, but only out of respect » Eva answered, while Will’s face, fearing she would refuse, became relaxed. 
The next day Eva joined Will in Mr. Scott’s office that was in an English broadcasting station. Eva thought she would find only them two, instead, to her surprise, Will’s father and Steve were also present. What the hell was Steve doing there? Wasn’t he in Paris preparing for his wedding with Corinne?
«Good morning, Mr. Scott. Good morning to all of you» Eva said, amazed.
«Take a seat, Eva» Mr. Scott told her, pointing at an empty seat. Eva didn’t like that situation, she moved slowly, sat down and stared at Will, he apparently already knew everything, but hadn’t told her anything. Why?
«To what do I owe this honour, Mr. Scott? » she asked, nervously.
«No honour, dear, no honour» he repeated benevolently. He then put a fresh cigar in his mouth and looked at her. Eva hoped he wouldn’t light it, she was already out of breath, as it often happened recently. He must have understood because he poured some orange juice for her.
«We’ve already drunk some, it’s fresh and delicious. » He gave her the glass.
«Thanks» Eva said coldly. 
«Well, let’s get to the point» Scott said joining his hands together. «I’ve invited you here today because I know you’re looking for a job, as you told me yourself that evening in Hollywood, do you remember? » he continued, self-confident.
«Yes, and forgive me for my behaviour that evening. »
Scott smiled at her candour and looked at her as if she were a child. 
«I’ve seen much worse in my life, you know? » he said with irony, then, became serious again.
«The job I’m offering you deals with your role» he said coughing, as if he was losing a bit of his self-confidence. 
Eva felt relieved by his words, thinking he was referring to her studies. 
«Is there an Italian actress or actor who has difficulty with the language? Well, if that’s the case… I’m the person you need! » and she finally managed to lean back against the soft backrest of the chair, with a big smile.
«I meant… another role» Mr. Scott said, putting a damper on Eva’s enthusiasm and her smile. «You’re William’s fiancé in real life and… it would be nice if you became the one on the set too» he said bluntly. 
Eva froze with the glass in her hand, unable to move any muscle of her body.
Mr. Scott quickly continued and said, all in one breath, before she could react «William is going to make his debut in a romantic comedy, I’m sure that it’s the most suitable film genre for him. We’ve got an excellent screenplay, written by this very talented Mr. Steve Harrison, who was inspired by your actual love story that he witnessed from the beginning. The result is a marvellous, romantic, simple and moving love story, one of those that could be a great success at the box office. The screenplay has been created for you two, so…» he stretched forward «only you two can be the happy protagonists. The initial compensation will be quite interesting for both of you, and as you’re looking at your first job, the offer is really great for you, Eva. Since the event in Hollywood, all eyes have been concentrating on you too. You’ve become quite a famous couple and we want to take advantage of this success. Eva, your posture, your beauty and the fact that you’re photogenic is undeniable, and with regard to acting, you’ll have great teachers at your disposal. Don’t be frightened because your role has very few lines because you’ll play the role of a foreigner who arrives in London and by chance finds her true love. You’ll be yourself, it’s simple. »
He had said everything, taking for granted that Eva would accept, but she just sat there, sombrely looking at their faces. It felt like a conspiracy to her, as if those who knew what she really wanted to do in life had betrayed her. The “traitors” were those whom she had thought were the most loyal. She stared coldly at Will, who certainly was well aware of what they all had in mind.
«Will, tu quoque…» she mumbled while glaring at him through slit eyes. Her reference to Caesar was taken as a joke to which they all laughed. Eva instead had given it its real meaning and the original gravity of those words. 
She looked down for some moments. Seeing her serious face, the others stopped laughing. Then they looked at her worriedly, waiting for her to talk. Silence again. 
«Mr. Scott» Eva said, after taking a deep breath. «Will can confirm that what I’m going to tell you is true. You’re the only one, together with Will’s father, whom I like and have earned my esteem in this environment, even before I found out how important you are. I’m very flattered by your offer, however, I can’t understand why Will didn’t tell you that I’m not interested in this type of job at all. I’ve never acted in my life, I don’t want to, and I know that I’m a complete disaster. I have a very difficult time trying to appear decent when I have my mouth closed, imagine what would happen if I had to talk or play a role under the spotlights. Please believe me, I can only harm Will’s career, he has now reached a certain level of fame, and I’ll harm you too if you invest in a perfectly unknown person like me who knows nothing of acting or being on a set.  As for you Steve, I’m pleased that our story inspired you for your screenplay and I’m sure you’ll get the right recognition with a professional actress playing my role near Will. I thank you Mr. Scott for your incredible proposal, however, my total lack of professionalism in the field obliges me to refuse. »
Eva got up nervously, glanced at Will and said «Goodbye» as she left, before anyone could answer her. 
When the door closed behind her, she ran downstairs, crying, afraid that Will might follow her. She arrived at the exit and ran out into the street, while curious eyes looked at her as she got into a taxi.  She dried her tears and felt out of breath, so she opened the window, put her head outside and started to feel better. She was very angry with Will for what he had done, he had betrayed her, he had disrespected her and her dreams. She was so disappointed that she didn’t go back home immediately and wandered around London instead, trying to calm down. While she was walking around she decided to go back to Italy, it was the only way to forget the events of that day. It was evening when she got home.  She found Will furious, worried about her absence and her silence, and they have their first real quarrel.
«Where on the hell have you been? » he burst out, tightening his empty glass tightly. Eva didn’t answer. 
«Hey, no, you can’t ignore me now! I have been really worried and I’ve been everywhere looking for you. I thought something bad happened to you. You must give me an explanation! » He pointed his index finger at her.
«I see that you’ve taken to drink, lately» she answered with a controlled voice. 
«Don’t change subject! » he shouted.
His blue eyes seemed to have the same light of when he talked to her of love. At that moment, though, it was rage that lit them and this happened more and more often lately.
«If you want to be with me thinking I’ll become an actress, you can forget about it, dear. Today, for the first time, you’ve really disappointed me, William» she said in a severe tone. 
«Tell me why you think my initiatives are a lack of respect for you? What’s so immoral in Mr. Scott’s proposal? Do you know how many people would kill to have the same opportunity you have? His offer is serious, terrific! Everyone would jump for joy. And you? You react as if we stabbed you in the back, when instead, everyone is only thinking about making you happy. I’m sorry, but I really don’t understand you! » he shouted. 
«Yes, you really don’t understand anything if you think I would work with you. I respect your choices, although I don’t share them. For love, and only for love, I’ve shown myself to the world with you, God is the witness of my efforts, and if you think that because I love you I will degrade myself then I’m sorry, but it’s impossible. I don’t want spotlights.  Look at me, I’ve lost weight, I’m nervous and I often feel like I’m suffocating, and do you know who’s to blame? Those damned reporters, that barbaric invasion of my privacy. »
Eva raised her voice too and broke into tears. She felt it was the moment to tell the truth, the moment where silence had to be broken. Will turned around, put the glass on the table, and looked outside the window, his eyes lost in the void. She remained there looking at him, still crying. 
«Ok, ok» Will said after a while, with his back turned, while touching the old picture of them under Big Ben. «I was wrong, I didn’t consider your point of view. My father, Mr. Scott, Steve and I just thought about surprising you.  Giving you a present. We were wrong, I was wrong, not the others. I am the one who should have known you wouldn’t want to get involved in films. I just thought that your aversion for cameras was only due to your shyness, but now I understand that it’s something more. You know how much I love you, I don’t want to hurt you, I know how much my fame is hurting you. I’m sorry, Mag, forgive me. »
He moved from one extreme to another, his sense of balance had worsened. He sighed deeply and turned to look her up and down and realized that she had lost weight and was really nervous. At that moment, Will understood what until now he hadn’t wanted to see. He bent his head and felt very guilty. 
«Tomorrow, I’ll give Steve his screenplay back. He’ll keep it among his memories. He told me that he wouldn’t let anyone else play your role, therefore if I can’t make that film with you, there won’t be any film. »
«Why? If it’s really as good as Mr. Scott said, why would he want to give it up? » Eva asked sweetly. 
«Because he’s sentimental, he wrote it thinking about us, studying every line as if we were saying it. He couldn’t let anyone else play that screenplay. He doesn’t want our love to be desecrated, and… that screenplay is full of our old love. »
He went into the bedroom and slammed the door on that “old love”. Eva remained sitting on the couch, looking at the lights of that wonderful view of the city, through the huge window that only an architect in love with London could have designed.    
Their “old love” wasn’t the same now. That’s what Will wanted to say. It was true. What could they do about it? Eva couldn’t see any solution. Fame, yes, that was the cause. Damned cinema!
Maybe, she had been too rough with everyone, she thought. The magical word could be “Flexibility”. It was useless to take such a firm stand, she had been tough, worthy of the Miss Perfect of the past. They really didn’t understand how distant and incompatible with every sort of clamour and attention she was. She was completely incapable of being at the centre of attention, and when it happened, she was out of breath. That’s what she had to explain to them, if she didn’t do that, she risked that her behaviour would be taken for arrogance. 
So, she decided that the following morning she would clarify her position and apologize to Mr. Scott for having run out of his office. But the next day, there was another surprise, Corinne called her. 
«Corinne, I’m so happy to hear from you». Eva started crying. She couldn’t stop, she had become too emotional.
«Oh, Eva, why are you crying? Damn it! Now I’m going to cry too. » A short silence followed while they both tried to get rid of the knots in their throats. 
«Eva» Corinne said. «Remember that my wedding is coming up soon. »
«Oh, Corinne, how can I forget it? How is your pregnancy going? »
«Very well, thanks. I won’t be such a blushing bride because I’ll be rolling towards the altar. » They both laughed. 
«Steve, told me about your meeting. » That’s the reason for her call, Eva thought. 
«I’m sorry if they hurt your feelings, but believe me, this was the last thing in the world Steve would have wanted to do. »
«No, Corinne, I must apologize for my behaviour. The fact is that things have changed since the evening in Hollywood. My life has been transformed into that of a star, but I’m not a star. All this attention should concern only Will, instead, it seems that now television, newspapers and reporters feel that they have the right to take an interest in me, whether I like it or not. If all this doesn’t stop, my life will be a living hell. I feel like I’m going to flip out. I behaved unfairly with Steve and the others, but now I want to thank Steve for what he wrote about us. However, I can’t play the role and be what I’m not. »
«I understand, maybe they went too far with you, but let me ask you one thing. You know that I love Steve and maybe this makes me see things under a particular light, but I’m being impartial when I say that what Steve wrote… Oh, Eva, it’s wonderful, I thought back about our times together back then and of you two when I read.  It’s touching, you should read it, it deserves to be read! Then you’ll be free to do what you want, but you can be sure that Steve won’t give his romantic homage to your love to anyone else except you. »
There was silence again, broken only by their breathing. 
«Ok, Corinne, I’ll read it, but I don’t promise you anything. »
«I’m not asking you for anything, I just want you to read it, mon amour. »
Eva read it and was incredibly moved. It was romantic, touching and it was clear that she and Will had been the driving force behind it. A stranger wouldn’t really understand its deep meaning. Only Eva, Will, Steve and Corinne could know the emotions felt in that beautiful fairy tale. It was a modern fairy tale that when made into a movie would make many people dream. Eva was sure of its success and felt that it was a pity that Steve wouldn’t allow anyone else, except her, to interpret the role of the protagonist. 
She also understood why Mr. Scott was so interested in it. She decided to go to him immediately. She would reiterate her refusal, but she would apologize and explain her reasons. 
She made an appointment with his secretary and went to him, wearing a classy blue suit, white silk shirt and her ruby necklace enhanced by her hair pulled up. 
She knocked at the door. She heard his “Come in”. When she entered Eva felt the pungent but pleasant smell of the cigar that was in the ashtray on the table. 
He was sitting behind his huge messy desk and was wrapped in an aura of light that came from the window behind him. He crossed his arms, stretched back on his armchair and smiled at her. It was clear that he liked her. Eva looked at him, smiling too. 
«Mr. Scott, I’m here to apologize. »
«Sit down. » He had the air of a father who wants to talk to his daughter. 
«Will told me everything, he explained why you behaved that way and this has convinced me even more. »
«What? »
Scott moved forward and put his elbows on the table. «That you’re the right person for that role. » Under his grey hair and brows, his black eyes showed a lifetime of experience. Mr. Scott didn’t leave room for objections or useless answers. 
«You see» he continued, raising his chin and picking up his cigar «the fact that you are new to movie-making and your candour make you perfect for the role. The girl in the story is young, fresh, naïve and clumsy… like you. »
His eyes fought hard to mask his excitement in foreseeing great profits. 
«I don’t need an experienced actress with fake boobs. » His eyes became wistful «Lately, the kind of films that are made are dull and without contents.   
«A new natural face like yours. That’s what I want, but…» He stretched back in his armchair sighing «We won’t do anything because you won’t accept and Mr. Harrison only wants you playing opposite William Stuart. »
He said those last words with a false air of resignation, then paused, waiting for Eva’s reaction. He lit up his cigar and looked at her blatantly. 
«Listen» he said, pointing his index finger with the cigar at her, surrounded by smoke «it’s not about performing on a stage in front of an audience, nor walking down the red carpet as you did in Hollywood. You would simply be acting on a carefully guarded set where curious people aren’t allowed. You’ll be with your fiancé, so it won’t be embarrassing and there won’t be an audience to upset you. Besides, the script is well written, but…» he paused, with the air of one who knows what’s what, then added «it isn’t Shakespeare! »
He paused again and studied Eva’s face. He noticed she was hesitant so he continued «I can assure you that you would enjoy yourself too. I’ve seen young actors laugh about their mistakes and live the magic of fiction enthusiastically, identifying with their character as if they were in a fairy tale, especially when it’s about making a romantic film like this one. »
He frowned and shook his head that was surrounded by a cloud of smoke. «No, I don’t want to try to convince you, I didn’t call you, you came here to apologize, but it isn’t necessary, don’t you think? Forgive me if I took this opportunity to give you a better explanation. »
He put out his cigar, tapping its point in the ashtray. «You would have earned a lot of money, if you had accepted, you know? But, evidently… you don’t need money. »
 Eva didn’t manage to say a word, she had rehearsed every single word of what she wanted to say, but she couldn’t remember anything anymore. He had floored her. She thought about Corinne who had asked her to read the screenplay, then she thought about Steve and the look of disappointment on his face when she had rejected the proposal. Finally, she thought about Will, his efforts to surprise her to make her happy and let her earn money so she could be self-sufficient.
«Do you really think that… I would be able to act the role well? » Eva mumbled, incredulous, feeling as helpless as a schoolgirl. 
«Yes, you just need some practice, but I’ve got a lot of experience in this field and my intuition never betrays me. With you, William Stuart and that beautiful screenplay… my instinct tells me it would be a huge success. »
He looked at her with his deep black Banderas eyes, and realized that Eva was hesitating.  
«If you want to think about it, take your time… The other day you said no because you were scared, but not of the film or the role. You’re afraid of changes and of what is happening in your life. But remember, you can’t stop time and… Peter Pan doesn’t exist! »
His telephone rang and Eva got up at the same moment as if she had heard an alarm. It was the alarm bell that was ringing inside her. 
«I don’t want to waste any more of your time» she said determined, stretching out her hand. He put his left hand on the phone and gave her his right. Before answering, he said «Go ahead, dear, and call me in two days, not before. »
Eva left puzzled. “Peter Pan doesn’t exist” he had said. 
She wasn’t a child anymore and would never be one again. Time was passing inexorably, bringing changes that fate had foreseen for her life, and she couldn’t fight them. College didn’t exist anymore. The carefree youth was leaving room to life, the real one. Eva had to convince herself to look ahead and not back. To look towards the future meant to accept what Will had become, with all the consequences that inevitably concerned her too. That’s what Mr. Scott meant.




Chapter25

«Shall we go to Betty’s for a hot dog? » Eva asked Will the evening after the meeting and a sleepless night. 
«Of course, with pleasure » he answered, smiling. 
Mark welcomed them as always and brought them to an empty table. The music in the background was romantic and Eva was happy about it. They both had two huge hot dogs and French fries, that made them feel rather agreeable. 
«Will, I’ll accept the role» Eva said suddenly without hesitation, eating the last piece of her hot dog. Will looked at her puzzled, then put his hot dog on the table and drank his beer. 
«Mag, don’t make fun of me. It’s my job. »
«I’m not joking» she said immediately. «I accept the role, if it goes badly, bear in mind that it was your idea. I’ve decided that I won’t shatter your dreams, obviously it must be clear that it’ll be the first and last time that I’ll take part in a film. The screenplay that was written for us, Steve and all the rest… let’s say that maybe I can face this folly, but there won’t be a sequel. With the money that I’ll earn, I’ll buy a house for us in Italy, our hideaway for when we get married. » And she drank her beer.
Will turned his head and smiled, shaking his head. 
«Mag, Mag… you’ll drive me mad! » He put his forehead on the table, pretending to hit it. 
«I’ll call Mr. Scott tomorrow to tell him the news» she finally said, determined, then finished her beer trying to find some courage. 

Mr. Scott already knew that she would have accepted, Eva was an open book for him. So, after some preliminary formalities, they started working. Eva followed a full-immersion acting class, her teachers praised her and told Mr. Scott that she stood out in naturalness and spontaneity. 
«I knew it» Mr. Scott said. «From the first time I saw that girl, I understood that she’s very talented. It’s hard to find such spontaneous and simple girls like her nowadays. Besides… she’s gorgeous! A Mediterranean beauty coupled with an Anglo-Saxon beauty, what more does one want? » he answered the girl’s tutor, delighted and making a hoarse throaty sound that was due to the cigars he smoked. 
They worked hard to learn their parts and when they started acting, they had fun. Mr. Scott was right, mistakes, bloopers, embarrassing moments and setbacks between Eva and William ended up in a general laughter that involved all those who worked on the set. Scott let them carry on, remaining aside, looking at them in amused silence like a cat who’s about to eat the mouse. It was a good way to break the ice and get experience. In fact, he was never severe or too demanding. He cleverly left room for their spontaneity, knowing well that no one besides them two could play those roles.
Weeks passed, there were repeated scenes, cut scenes, moment of enthusiasm and moments of tiredness. The initial difficulties soon disappeared and the acting became fluid and decent. Eva realized, in fact, that without an audience looking at her, she didn’t feel a sense of panic and she managed to give her best.
If she had imagined, while making of the film, the success it would have, she probably might have been shocked.
After one month of intense work, there was a one-week break for everyone. 
Eva and Will had to go to France for Steve and Corinne’s wedding. They left for Paris and participated in their friends’ fairy-tale wedding. Corinne looked gorgeous, even with her large belly, and her family spared no expenses. 
Eva was moved, she cried during the entire ceremony. Her tears came from the tension that persisted in her.
If Will, with his success, was responsible for her state, he was at the same time her angel, her best cure. He always consoled her, joked to downplay the situation, or simply was near her with extraordinary devotion. It was natural for Eva to forgive him everything and satisfy his whims, even if it meant that she denatured herself for him. 
At Corinne’s wedding, they were both naively convinced that, once they became rich, they could leave everyone and everything, to live their lives as common, happily-married people, just like their friends in Paris.  
The wedding reception took place in the garden with swimming pool of Corinne’s villa, it was clear that Corinne’s family was very rich. There was a wonderful estate in front of the villa. The evening was memorable, hundreds of guests, music, dancing and delicious food. 
«You are William Stuart, aren’t you? »
«Yes. »
«Oh, I’m so lucky this evening. » Blonde, gorgeous, heavily made-up, she was surely a man-eater, a social climber, and with a glass in her hand. 
Perfect, Eva thought. She knew that there was prototype of the kind in every nation. Emma in Italy, Sandy in England and now…
«Jaqueline, my name is Jaqueline» the femme fatale said, stretching her hand towards Will.
«Nice to meet you, William» the handsome guy answered, putting his hand in hers and his eyes on her long legs.
«And this is my fiancé, Eva» he hurried to say, turning around and indicating her with his hand. 
«Nice to meet you» the woman said with a disgusted tone.
«Eva, come, I need you» the bride shouted from the dessert table. Eva joined Corinne who wanted to be helped with her dress for a photo. While Eva fixed the train, she kept her eyes on Will, who in the meantime, had gotten himself a drink and continued to chat with the blonde. Eva was jealous. Women were always lurking, ready to jump on him. Handsome, rich and famous, he had everything!
«Will » Eva called his name from a distance and waved her hand. Will acknowledged that he had heard her, with a nod. How couldn’t he? He said goodbye to the beautiful woman and joined her. 
«Tell me, love» he said, going up to her, with a guilty smile. 
«Forgive me if I’ve interrupted your flirting, but Corinne wants a photo with her witnesses. »
«Another one? » He opened wide his eyes and snorted. Then, he turned towards Eva with his hands in his pockets.  
«Flirting? » he repeated with a perplexed look. Then he laughed, shaking his head and turning around.  
«Are you jealous? » he asked that question amused, as if Eva had given him another proof of her love for him. His eyes started shining. 
«I’m jealous of women, not of their caricatures. »
Will burst into laughter. «So, I can relax, in my job, I only meet caricatures. » He looked at her and winked. 
Eva thought that he had chosen the right words.  
Corinne and Steve were in seventh heaven and Corinne always wanted them near her because she considered them an important part of her happiness. Eva’s long blue dress, that matched Will’s eyes, his tie and the groom’s bow tie, stood out near the bride’s white dress and the blue decorations. It wasn’t a coincidence. Corinne had taken care of every detail and demanded a dress code. 
When it was time for the bride to throw her bouquet of blue flowers, she wanted Eva to be in front of the others so she could catch it. But the girl behind her caught it when it slipped out of Eva’s hands. 
She turned around, disappointed, and saw Jaqueline smiling at her spitefully. It was a bad omen. 
After the wedding, Will and Eva spent three days in Paris, that reminded them of the relaxing and magical time they had had in New York. No one, or almost nobody, stopped them or followed them and they seldom felt eyes on them.
«Will, maybe we should change city. When we’re out of London, we live better» Eva said while walking with him along the Champs-Élysées.
«It’s true, but at the moment our job keeps us in London. We’ll talk about it again when the shooting of the film is over. We’ll plan our wedding then too. »
With these words of encouragement for the future, they went to London to finish the movie. In the meantime, in Italy, her family had contrasting reactions to what Eva was doing. Her mother almost didn’t talk to her anymore, she disapproved everything and, of course, Eva was hurt by her behaviour and became more depressed. Luckily, her father and grandmother supported her and she promised that she would return to Italy as soon as possible. She missed them a lot and felt the separation heavily. 
They finished the film, which was challenging but fun, and it had not been such a negative experience as Eva had feared. However, she had a feeling that the worst was yet to come. The directors forced the actors to participate in a very intense promotional campaign. Eva hadn’t realized that it was part of her contract. They travelled around to the capital cities of the world, appearing as guests on TV shows.
Eva felt very uncomfortable in front of the TV cameras, just as she had felt on the red carpet in Hollywood. Her hands got sweaty and she was short of breath. Even the small audience of a television studio caused her a sense of panic. When she had to answer questions, she was lucky that the audience didn’t hear her voice directly because there an interpreter. Her voice, in fact, was always shaky and she appeared insecure.  This was really bad for the publicity of the film. So, she decided that she had to drink some whisky before entering a studio, just as she had done in Hollywood. Behind Will’s back, she sneaked into the mini-bar at every hotel, pinching her nose and guzzling the disgusting liquid.
They were also in many photo shoots and those pictures, many of them wonderful, appeared everywhere, to witness forever that period in Eva’s life that was really unique and overwhelming.
The harshest trial for Eva was her participation in an Italian TV show. She realized, once they arrived in Rome, that there wasn’t going to be an interpreter. Even worse, being the only Italian in the cast, the television host would focus more on her than on the others. She managed to guzzle down four whisky bottles from the hotel mini-bar. 
«Are you completely mad? » Will told her, seeing that she was drunk and was continuously laughing backstage. «I had my suspicious, but I didn’t think you could go that far! »  
«Don’t worry dear, you’ll look terrific near me» she said stumbling and laughing like a goose.
«Eva» he said, taking her by her arms «I’m scared». But Eva didn’t care about what he said.
Luckily, she managed to pull herself together in front of the cameras, although she didn’t stop smiling and was stiff, like a statue. She was conscious that every movement could be fatal for her and she could faint in front of cameras. 
«How was your first acting experience near your famous fiancé? » the anchor man asked her surprisingly. 
They hadn’t agreed on that question and Eva was floored. She was not prepared for it like she had been for the other questions. 
«Well… you see… I wouldn’t have wanted to make films but… Peter Pan doesn’t exist and we must look ahead! » Eva said, stretching dangerously towards the anchor man. Then, she saw Will blink and look at her, after the stupid thing she had said was translated to him. No one had understood the meaning of her words, neither did she. 
The anchor man frowned and said, turning towards the camera «Fine, and now let’s watch the trailer of the movie that we have here for you. »
He had given up asking her another question, thinking that Eva was the usual gorgeous and idiotic girl, unable to think for herself. The trailer saved her. She was feeling even worse and, in the meantime, asked how much longer it would be to the end of the interview. 
«We’re finished, we’ll follow with the farewell» the anchor man whispered during the trailer. This encouraged her, but now she didn’t smile anymore and her face was pale and sweaty. When they left the studios, she vomited. Will became very furious.        
«Do you realize that you could have ruined everything, what if you had gotten sick while we were live? You… you’re a fool! » he shouted, slamming the door of their dressing room. Eva looked at him without answering, he didn’t understand her. 
«Ok, luckily, everything went well, but you must promise me that you won’t do it anymore, Mag. »
«What? »
«Drink. »
A sorrowful silence followed. Eva felt sorry for herself, he continued to look at her with his hands on his hips and burning eyes, waiting for her explanation. She would have wanted to answer him that lately, he drank more than she did, and that he was treating her like an alcoholic, but she wasn’t at all, and that she did all this only to control her panic. But she gave up, she started feeling him distant, and although he continued to tell her how much he loved her, he was actually becoming more in love with himself and with the money he was chasing. 
«It won’t happen anymore, Will » she lied to make him stop. During the night Eva had a nightmare. She woke up suddenly. She had dreamt of being attacked by a crowd of reporters who wanted to kill her. 
The film was released in the cinemas all over the world with the title It was London’s fault. It was a great success that the media defined as  “global”, beyond every forecast and anyone’s imagination. 
Mr. Scott, who was interviewed everywhere, said that they hadn’t had such great expectations for the movie when it was written. He was surprised and happy of that triumph, considering that it was a real love story. It was what he repeated continuously. Sometimes, it seemed as if he wanted to justify himself because the film was cashing in a lot more that other more serious and expensive movies. The fact was, that audiences like to dream, this was the message. Will and Eva had made millions of people in the world daydream with their love story, with a happy ending: their wedding, depicted with romantic images and accompanied by an evocative soundtrack. 
Everyone won prizes and Eva’s life changed, it turned upside-down, definitively. 
The couple went around the world, collecting prizes, participating in film festivals, being guests in TV shows and going to social events.  
Will, who was already famous, was now seen as an international star. Eva was the novelty, the girl who was now requested to go everywhere, and for whom there were many proposals, even from the fashion and make up industries. There were those who dressed her, who made her up, who decider her commitments and social events. Their flat in London was assaulted by reporters and curious people, to the point that they had to live elsewhere for a long period of time. At the beginning, Eva was overwhelmed, hypnotized, overtaken by a wave against which she felt she couldn’t do anything. For a little while, she let herself be guided by everything and everyone, unable to fight the effect of a success she hadn’t foreseen. Obviously, she drank every time she had to show herself in public, it had become necessary in order to control her panic attacks. At the beginning, she was disgusted by alcohol, then she started to be disgusted with herself, with a bottle in her hand every time she had to participate in an event. However, she was sure that sooner or later, everything would end, so she resisted and went on, tolerating all that clamour and intrusion in her life. 
One year went by and things didn’t change. She had accepted, among the many job offers, to promote a hair product, but soon Will started to disapprove of all her other refusals. Eva continued to pull back and he didn’t want this. He was at the peak of success and never gave up anything, with a greed that scared his fiancé.
«Why didn’t you accept the appointment with that TV producer? They told me that he wanted to offer you a job for next winter and…»
«Will, I think it’s time to talk» she said abruptly one spring afternoon, putting her cup on the table. Will looked at her, he was wearing expensive clothes and was sitting by the swimming pool of the villa which had been rented for them. He was no longer the guy that Eva had met at the college, but was now a wealthy famous actor who had become greedy for success and money. Deep down, Eva still felt like the old Maggie and this was what she wanted to tell him.
«I… I think it’s time to stop» she said without looking at him.
«To stop what? »
«Everything! » she shouted. She turned towards him with tears in her eyes and Will looked at her puzzled. 
«Mag, what’s the matter? »
«What’s the matter? I can’t stand this anymore! » she shouted again, with frayed nerves. «I want to be free again to decide where to go, what to do, what to wear and what kind of people I want to shake hands with. I… I want my life back! »
«Mag, this is our life! We’ve got success, money, everything that millions of people in the world just dream about and…»
«Millions of people, but not me. I want to be like those millions of people, I want to get up in the morning and leave my house without anyone waiting for me to take a picture or ask me for an autograph. I didn’t want all this. Do you remember what I told you when I decided to shoot the film? It had to be the first and the last time. » She took her head with her hands. «I’ve made a mistake, Will, I shouldn’t have let you drag me in your plans. Now, I don’t know how to step back, damn it! »
«I’d like to remind you that thanks to our plans you bought a wonderful house in Italy and that…»
«Will, Will, you just think about money! You scare me, weren’t we going to plan our wedding after the film? Weren’t we… Oh, no, no… it’s useless to talk to you. You’ve become another person, you are…»
Eva mumbled disjointed phrases. She couldn’t express her feelings anymore because her nerves were shattered.  Will got up and hugged her.
«Mag, you’ve forgotten the most important thing: I love you. What has happened to us is extraordinary and I couldn’t avoid changing my plans to face all this. But my intentions with you are always the same. As soon as I can, I’ll plan our future together and…»
«When? » she shouted again, moving away from him. «You’re so focused on yourself and your triumph that you don’t even realize how bad I feel. I don’t sleep anymore and to face all these damned evenings… I drink! »
She didn’t continue, she had said too much. She curled up on the couch and cried. Will sat near her and tried to hug her, but she moved away. 
«Mag, please, calm down. I understand that you drink something to control your emotions… I do it too, but I don’t want to believe…» he paused and closed his eyes. He wanted to stick his head in the sand. Eva’s problem was his too, that’s why he didn’t want to admit nor talk about their problem with alcohol. It was a sign of their deep dissatisfaction. 
Then he continued «I know that we forced your hand, but we all were overwhelmed by something much bigger than us, and we’ve had to rely on professionals. I want to continue my career, Mag. I’ve received great satisfaction and anyone in my place would do the same. Only a madman would give up. You do what you think is best for you, I won’t force you, but I’d like you to think carefully about it before turning your back on this. Please, don’t let stress and emotions forbid you to see what world is opening up in front of you too. »
He hadn’t understood that Eva was playing a role even in life and it was absolutely necessary that she became herself again.
Eve, however, as usual, made the mistake of letting it go to avoid making drastic decisions. She went with him to a social event where a lot of reporters were waiting for their arrival. That evening she didn’t drink anything. The result was that as soon as she got out of the car, her throat closed up and she felt she was suffocating. She hid behind Will, who, in the meantime, smiled at the flashes, grabbing her by her hand. Once they got in, Eva fainted in Will’s arms. 
«Mag, for God’s sake! What’s up? » He laid her on the floor, while people gathered around. Eva managed to catch a short breath and whispered «I can’t breathe! » Will held her in his arms and took her away from the curious eyes and onto a couch. Someone brought her a glass of water. «It’s ok, thanks» Eva said with a pale face. 
«I’ll take you home» Will said. They didn’t talk in the car. At home, he prepared some chamomile and accompanied her to bed. When he was sure that she was fine, he fell asleep hugging her. It seemed that everything was ok, when suddenly Eva’s heart started beating fast. She was scared and things got worse. 
«Will, help me! »
Will woke up suddenly. 
«Mag, what’s up? »
«My heart… I’m having a heart attack! » Will put his ear on her chest and immediately felt its strange beating. He raised his head with glazed eyes and, hiding his shock, he said «Mag, I think you need to see a doctor. Let’s go to the hospital. » He helped her get up, get dressed and took her to the hospital. 

Will waited anxiously for the doctor to tell him something, after Eva disappeared behind the door. Many doctors examined her, took some tests, and finally, after a couple of hours, an elderly doctor came out and told Eva to sit down. He took his glasses off and looked at her, after studying the test results he had in his hands. 
He had a fatherly smile and said «You’re the girl in the film. »
«Yes, it’s me» she hurriedly answered, wishing to stop that conversation. 
He paused and looked at her for some moments. Then he continued «Miss Nero, have you faced stressful situations lately? »
«Stress? I live every moment of my day under stress! I… I’m not myself anymore, I don’t know if you can understand me…» Eva exclaimed sad, with her hands shaking and the tone of someone who has no hope of being understood. The doctor’s eyes became curious. 
«Tell me what’s happening. I don’t want to know your business, but I need to understand. » He was very respectful and protective. He couldn’t imagine that for Eva it was a miracle that someone was ready to listen to her. She told him everything that had happened to her recently: her stage fright, her lack of breath in front of a crowd, the whisky she drank with the intent to dull her senses, her love story with Will and everything she was on her mind. The doctor listened to her without interrupting nor judging her. A true miracle!
«It’s enough» he said after half an hour, when he saw the girl’s tears and her shaking hands. «I don’t need to hear anything else for now. Sit on that bed, the nurse will give you a medicine. 
»Have I got heart problems, doctor? » Eva asked worriedly while she was on the bed.
The doctor smiled and shook his head. «No, at least not physical. You just need to get back to Italy for a while, this is the best therapy for you, after the injection the nurse will give you and that you’ll have continue for a while. »
Eva looked at him relieved and puzzled as he left the room. 
«Mr. Stuart» the doctor said going up to Will in the waiting room. He showed him into his office. 
«Tell me what’s wrong with Eva please? » Will said anxiously. 
«Your fiancé’s heart is strong and healthy, and the rest of her body is too, don’t worry. » Then the doctor looked at him with the same fatherly air he had looked at Eva. 
«You’re both attractive, young and very talented. I watched your film with my wife and we were very moved, my compliments! » he said with a satisfied smile. 
«Thanks, doctor. » There was a pause, the doctor became serious. «Life is not a film. You know that, don’t you? »
«Of course …» Will said puzzled, frowning. He couldn’t understand what he meant. 
«You see, Mr. Stuart, not all people are the same and what for some of them is the best they can have in their lives, for others it can be a real nightmare. » He put his hands on his knees and stared at Will, the doctor was ready to tell him all the truth.
«I think that your fiancé has a conflicting nature with all that she’s living. She has accepted and faced everything for love, for you, but now she’s paying the price of what she has forced herself to do. I’m sure that you, Mr. Stuart, are in good faith, I can see it in your eyes that you’re in love with her, but I must tell you that… I’m sorry… but you’re hurting that girl. »
«Hurting her? »Will repeated, shocked, incredulous, stretching towards the doctor. 
«You see, your girlfriend’s nerves are shattered, she suffers from anxiety and panic attacks. The cause is what she’s living. She has told me everything and I can say that world you brought her into is not made for her. For her sake, you must let her abandon everything, immediately. You must let her go back to Italy to her family, at least for a period of time. She must get away from the limelight and return to her normal life. In other words, you must let her go. »
Will stared at the doctor with his deep eyes, while his lips trembled.
«Miss Nero has nothing serious. It’s only necessary… to take a step back» he said. «I’m sure that once she returns to her old life, she’ll be fine. »
Will continued to look at him, heartbroken for what he had said. The doctor seemed to feel pity for him, thinking that his silence was desperation. He put his hand on Will’s shoulder and added «You’re very young and something bigger than you has overwhelmed you and your loved one. I understand that it’s hard to handle your success, and you are probably surrounded by unscrupulous sharks who want to make money on your images. I’ve got a son your age and allow me to speak to you like a father: don’t lose track of the essential things in life, one day you could regret it. »
Will got up dazed, but the doctor’s message was clear. When Eva was dismissed, he ran towards her to hug her and in silence they reached their car. 
«Mag, darling» he said, while he started the engine «Let’s go to Italy, immediately. Today, I’ll book the flight and we’ll go together. I don’t want no for an answer, I just want to take care of you now. »
Eva felt better when she heard those words, she put her head against the window and hoped that finally something was changing.




Chapter26


«Grandma, I’ll be there tomorrow» Eva said without hesitating when she answered the phone.
«Oh, that’s exactly what I was hoping to hear, I really miss you, little one. »  Incredible, grandma was letting herself go to sentimentalism!
«Hey, that’s not like you, grandma! »
«Oh, stop it Eva, come home and come to dinner at my place as soon as you get here, I must show you my dress. »
«What dress? »
«The red one I’m going to wear to your wedding, of course! »
«Oh, grandma! » Eva laughed happily. She felt relieved as she looked at the plane tickets on the table and chatting with her grandmother on the phone.
«Ok, so buy some goodies and I’ll be there tomorrow for dinner with Will. »
«Tomorrow? Goodness gracious! I didn’t dare to hope so soon! » Eva ended the conversation shortly after and was very satisfied.  At that moment, Will entered the room with the look of someone who had something to say but preferred not to. 
«Mag…» he mumbled.  «I have here a new ticket to Italy… from Paris. »
«From… Paris? »
«Mag, I’m sorry but we can’t leave for Italy immediately.  We must go to Paris tomorrow, together.  It’s important for me, we’re guests at a charity event.  No cameras this time. »  He raised his hands as a sigh of surrender, his eyes wide open and a big smile on his face.
Was he acting with Eva too now?
«My father said it will be a good opportunity to introduce me to a French producer who wants to offer me an interesting role and I… - fake cough - can’t miss it.  Then you can leave for Italy the next day and this is the new ticket.  But… I won’t be able to come, at least not immediately.  I’ll join you soon, though» he said all in one breath, waving the plane tickets and with a fake smile.  Eva was speechless, she couldn’t believe her ears.
«Will, but… you promised. »
«Yes, yes, yes I know, I promised, but this is a great opportunity, please forgive me. » He was so embarrassed that he turned the other way.
Eva couldn’t believe it, he had cancelled the flight and booked another one for her for the following day, leaving from Paris, without saying anything to her.  That was outrageous!
«Will, that’s the limit! » she shouted, tightening her fists and shaking like a leaf.
«What’s the difference? It’s only one extra day, then I’ll join you! »
«So now you take everything upon yourself, without consulting me? No, no my dear, this isn’t going to work, not at all! » she continued to shout.
«Mag, please, don’t take it that way… calm down. »
«I’ll come with you to Paris, seeing that you’re practically forcing me, but now you listen to me carefully:  this is the last time that I’ll follow you anywhere.  From now on you can continue your fucking career on your own and leave me out of it or else… it’s over between us! » she said while leaving and slamming the door.

They left for Paris the next day and didn’t exchange a word during the flight.  They went to the charity event and, while he was busy wandering around with his father and chatting with important people, Eva took advantage of the moment and left.  She called her grandmother with her brand-new mobile phone which she was still trying to get used to, feeling like a detective who carries around a transmitter.
«Grandma, mum must have told you that I had to postpone my trip to tomorrow, but keep dinner ready and I’ll be over, come what may, without Will though. »
«Don’t worry, little one, your mum told me.  I understand that now you are both important and have many business commitments that keep you away from this crazy old hag! »
«Grandma, don’t be ridiculous, set the table I’ll be over for dinner tomorrow. »
«We have so much to talk about, I can’t wait, my friends are so envious that my grand-daughter is a movie star! »
«See you tomorrow» Eva answered, shaking her head.
The next day Eva called a taxi for the airport and gave Will the cold shoulder.  She knew he was going to see Steve, who had just become a dad, and asked him to tell Corinne that on her return she would stop in Paris to be with her and little Sophie for a while.  That’s all she said to Will, pulling her suitcase towards the exit of the hotel.  He stood there looking at her and said «I’m really sorry, I’ll join you in Italy as soon as I can. »
During the taxi ride through Paris, Eva thought about Corinne and her wedding:  strolling through the streets of Paris with Will at that time, was one of the last memories of when her life was still peaceful.  Everything had changed, even a large billboard reminded her of that: a giant photo of her with her hair blowing in the wind, advertising a famous French brand of hair products.  Even the driver noticed it and couldn’t resist saying «Excuse me, Mademoiselle, allow me to say that you are just as beautiful in real life as you are in that photo! »
«Thank you. »
«My wife would love to have your autograph.  We saw your film and she cried at the end! »
«Well, I hope she didn’t cry because it was a waste of money. »
The man laughed, not knowing how she really felt about the situation.  Everyone looked at her as if she were blessed, a woman to be envied, instead she was running away from everything as if it were the plague.
She landed in Rome and found her father at the exit.  She was so happy to see him and hugged him tight.
«Daddy! » she shouted and cried from happiness, but he seemed strange, stiff and silent.  When she let him go and dried her tears, she looked at him.  He had a serious look on his face and stood very still.
«Dad, what’s wrong? » she asked.
«Eva, I must tell you something that’s very… very sad, unfortunately. »  Her blood froze.
«What happened? » she mumbled.
«Eva, last night, suddenly… your grandmother left us. »
Eva froze, unable to speak, move or even think.  Her father was worried about her reaction.
«Eva, I’m so sorry, believe me! Her heart faltered and she’s gone.  I’m really, really sorry» he added while crying and holding her arms.  Eva didn’t react.
«Eva, say something, by God! » he shook her.  Eva moved away, without saying a word, as cold as ice.  Her father understood that she was in shock and accompanied her by the arm to the car.  She walked as if in a trance.  When they arrived home, her mother ran to her, in tears.
«Oh, Eva, she left us suddenly, she played her last trick on us» she said.  Eva continued to remain silent, as if she were watching a horror film.  It was as if she were watching her own life passing in front of her eyes, and found it hard to understand that it was reality instead.  That nightmare was real.  Her father accompanied her to her grandmother’s house. She saw the table set for dinner for two from the day before, and no one had dared to remove anything.  She entered her grandmother’s room which was full of people, and all the relatives and friends made space for her to pass by.  They all knew she was the beloved grand-daughter.
When Eva saw her, lying on the bed wearing the red dress that she had mentioned on the phone, the one she had bought for the wedding, shivers ran through her from head to toe and she fainted in her father’s arms.  She was out for quite a while her nerves were already shattered and this was the final blow.  They tried to revive her, but it was useless, so they called an ambulance and took her to the E.R. where she stayed for two days under observation and sedation.  Will and Steve heard the news and arrived immediately.  Will was heartbroken and Steve didn’t want him to travel to Italy alone. 
He had received the news from Eva’s father while he was at Steve and Corinne’s house and had immediately felt guilty.  He had postponed the flight and that had prevented Eva from being there in time to speak to and hug her beloved grandmother for the last time.  After the funeral, Will and Steve went with her father to the hospital to see Eva.  They found her sleeping, she was sedated, so they waited outside hoping she would wake up soon. A doctor went into the room to examine her and when he saw that she was awake, he smiled and said «How’s it going? »  She couldn’t speak yet because she had had a great shock. 
«You’ll answer me sooner or later» he added sweetly and sat on her bed.
«There’s someone out here who is anxiously waiting to see you.  I’m sure you know who it is, right? »  Eva looked at him and thought about her parents.  She couldn’t imagine it was Will.
«I’ll let them in, unless you prefer that I don’t. »  Eva didn’t answer and the doctor motioned for them to come in.
Will entered slowly, cautiously, followed by Steve.  Eva pulled herself up in the bed, and Will went up to her, holding back the tears, and said quietly «I’m so sorry, I’m really sorry.  Please, forgive me Mag, forgive me my love, please.  I’ll never be able to forgive myself.  Please, forgive me, my love…»
The doctor became apprehensive and Steve immediately started pulling Will out of the room, but Will resisted.  Just as Steve had almost pulled him out the door, Eva said «Will! » it was the first word she had managed to say since her mutism had started.  Will turned to look at her, as well as the others in the room, and the doctor showed his concern.
«Get out of my life» she shouted at him with determination.
It is said that there’s a thin line that divides love from hate.  At that moment, Eva’s great love had transformed into an avalanche of hate, larger than she could have ever imagined.
Steve pushed Will out of the room, and that was the beginning of the end.





Chapter27


The doctors asked Will to leave Eva alone for a while and he agreed, for her good. He returned to England and decided to lie low for a while in the hope that she would get better and time would heal things.  Eva, instead, had to get over the great pain of losing her beloved grandmother, the person she loved more than anyone could love a grandparent. She had been her rock in difficult times, and now that she wasn’t there anymore, it was difficult to reconcile with the loss. 
Days of deep sadness followed and her nervous system was truly compromised. Thanks to the love of her parents and long-time friends, she slowly recuperated.  At home, she had the love that she missed so much in London, despite the love between her and Will.  Success had ruined everything and it had shattered their dreams and their joy. Unfortunately, it was inevitable that she associated Will with the fact that she hadn’t been there to embrace her grandmother one last time.  That was the straw that broke the donkey’s back, and their already fragile relationship, came to an end. 
Her dear friend Patty was very important in Eva’s healing.  She had returned from her sojourn in the United States with a broken love story behind her and this gave them both something that added to their solidarity. They started going out together again and meeting up with old friends like the good old days. They supported each other and healed each other’s wounds. Eva’s success had reached her in Italy too and especially in the beginning, people recognized her and asked for her autograph.  
There were also nosy journalists who published her photos in the gossip magazines, talking about a break up between her and the famous English actor.  She decided to ignore everything and make a clean break, although she still found herself cursing at photographers who followed her around and tried to interview her.
It took time, but slowly these invasions started to dwindle, and Eva started to feel whole again. She was back to speaking in her mother tongue, joking around with her friends and going bowling with them.  She was back to her normal life, which is what her soul desired so much. She no longer had panic attacks, anxiety or the desire to drink anything strong, except energy drinks that would help her jogging.  She healed after eradicating the cause of her malaise.
There was the emptiness still there for the loss of her grandmother.  And Will? In Italy no one mentioned his name in her presence for fear of opening any wounds.  She didn’t miss London and didn’t want to return to that hell of a life that she had left behind. She realized, deep down, that it was truly over between her and Will, despite the fact that she still had deep mixed feelings about him.

It was all quite different for him.  He had waited for Eva to get better, convinced that the day would come that she would return to him, but he was wrong.  When he realized that she was silent for so long, he started to reappear in her life with phone calls, to his surprise though, she never came to the phone.  One day he explained the situation on the phone to her father, and fell into a deep desperation.  He would have never imagined that their love would come to an end, and he still hoped that she would change her mind.  

Indeed, after her initial anger towards him, she started to see things in a different light, but still didn’t find it in her heart to find a solution.  Every night, before going to sleep she thought about how they had met, how their love had blossomed and about everything that had happened after that, and her heart felt heavy.  Tears rolled down her face uncontrollably when she admitted to herself that their love was by now lost forever.  Will was a celebrity now and he wasn’t the boy for whom she cried every night.  This thought eliminated any idea of returning to London.  Too many mistakes had been made in the name of fame and fortune.  Eva surmised that if she asked him to leave everything, he would do it for her, to save their relationship, but that was too high a price to ask him to pay.  She didn’t want to be the cause of the end of his career nor, did she want to pull him away from his roots. She also didn’t want him to have regrets, he would have surely held it against her in the future.  Eva decided to let things go and avoid making him make rash decisions that he would be sorry about. 
Corinne came to Italy to see her and Eva asked her to bring back to Will the jewels he had given her as presents.  

He took them and threw them on the floor, shouting and cursing in front of Steve and Corinne who tried to calm him down.  He was understandably angry, after all that there had been between them, he felt he at least also had to right to an explanation!  Eva, though, was determined and didn’t even return to London to collect her belongings.  She would probably regret it.  Will could no longer live in their home with their clothes, cosmetics and personal things that reminded him every day of their life together.  He finally decided one day, when he realized she wouldn’t return, to abandon everything and sell the flat with everything in it, as if to make a clean cut with his past with Eva.
Before handing the keys to the sales agent, he closed the door behind him for the last time with the gut feeling of something lost forever.  With that door, he was closing part of their life, but real closure was yet to come.






Chapter28


Will moved in fashionable circles, he went to parties, had a different woman every night and drank a lot. Steve was really sorry to see him that way, so different from the guy he was, and would have wanted to be closer to him in that difficult moment, but his life was in Paris. 
Eva felt sad hearing Corinne tell her about Will’s wild lifestyle and so, one day, she decided to ask her friend not to talk about him anymore. She was her old self again and had started a new life, trying to leave the past that had been a cause of suffering for her, behind her. The best news of her life was the job she got in a private school teaching English. It was the beginning of her teaching career and she devoted herself to this new adventure, which had always been part of her plans. She felt gratified and aware that she was on the right path. She had decided to live at her parents’ house for the moment, and they were very happy about it. 
The luxurious house she had bought with her earnings remained closed until she decided to sell it. She finally felt at home and was really serene. Everything seemed perfect, until Patty called her to involve her in one of her usual initiatives. 
«Prepare a cake, dress up and come to dinner at my place» she had said on the phone with determination. 
«What? But it’s seven p.m. I’ve got nothing here with which to prepare a cake and I don’t want to go out» Eva said, walking towards the couch in slippers. She could smell the aroma of the roast chicken that her mother was cooking. It was a rainy evening, ideal to curl up on the couch and watch an old film with her father. 
«Patty, I’m sorry, but I’m not in the mood this evening. »
«Eva, p l e a s e! » she said vigorously «I need you! I organized a dinner without telling you because I knew that this evening you wanted to be alone, but now I’m in great difficulty. Luca is bringing home some friends, all men. We’re only two women because Emma is ill and Paola has unexpected guests. Please, you don’t want to leave Paola and me with five men, do you? »
«What’s the problem? »
«I don’t know… but we don’t want to be alone! »
«Ok, but I won’t bring any cake, I’ll buy some ice-cream. »
«Oh… thanks, Eva! I knew you wouldn’t have abandoned us. »
Eva went into her room, passing by the kitchen she smelled that terrific roast chicken with potatoes again. 
«Mum, I’m sorry but I can’t have dinner with you» she said at the door. Her mother looked at her, her arms falling to her sides.
«Oh, Eva you could have told me before. »
«If I had known it before» Eva said disconsolately. 
«Never mind, dear, never mind. » After her break-up with Will, her mother was delighted and always pampered her as if she was still her little child. She deliberately ignored her suffering, just like anyone else who is used to putting their head in the sand. 
Eva put her jeans on again, her read sweatshirt and boots. She combed her hair and put a bit of eyeliner on. She was the simplest girl in the world and went back to being the girl she had been many years ago.
She arrived at Patty’s house with the ice-cream she had bought in the city centre, and in the lift she met a tall guy with a tray in his hands.
«What floor? » Eva asked. 
«The last one, I’m going to the penthouse. »
«To Patty’s then. Me too. »
She assumed he was one of Luca’s new friends. There was the usual embarrassing silence between two strangers who find themselves in a lift, but he was going to Patty’s dinner, just like Eva, so they smiled. She noticed that his head almost touched the top of the lift.     
«I’m too tall, right? » he suddenly said. 
«No, I don’t think so, maybe the lift is too low? »
He was amused and they’ve arrived at the floor where Patty was waiting for them.
«Hi, Eva! Hi…»
«Paolo, my name is Paolo» he hurried to answer.
«You’re late! Come, Luca is inside waiting for you. Eva, go to the kitchen and put the ice-cream in the freezer. »
Eva was at home in Patty’s house. It was the flat where Will had stayed when he used to come to Italy on holiday to see her. She entered feeling a pain inside. Her heart broke, memories rushed back. She sighed deeply and said “hello” to everyone gathered in the sitting room then went to the kitchen, trying to think about something else. Before joining the other guests, she sadly stopped at the door, she had to talk to new people, who had probably been warned by Patty to not speak about Will. However, she was sure that they would look at her curiously. 
It was what happened everywhere when she met people she didn’t know. It seemed that they all wanted to ask her questions about her life as a celebrity, about William and their film. Everyone had seen her on the screen, damn it! Moreover, their love story in the movie seemed to authorize everyone to talk about their private life, about what there had been once between Will and her. When she answered evasively or coldly, they were disappointed. 
Eva entered the sitting room and for a second, they all stopped chatting. As expected, she felt lots of curious eyes on her. 
«Well? Didn’t you get a cocktail in the kitchen? » Patty said, trying to lighten the mood. Eva saw that the others had drinks in their hands and there were olive stones in the plates on the table.
«Ok, I’ll go get a soft drink» she said returning to the kitchen. She had definitively banned alcohol from her life. 
The chatting started again in the sitting room and Eva poured herself some orange juice. It was clear that the others had been there for a while and Patty had surely warned them not to talk about her past. She walked back with her glass, took two olives and sank into the worst-looking couch ever seen. In the meantime, Patty was laughing heartily and it sounded like the bray of a donkey. She often laughed that way and she infected all the others, although Eva didn’t know what was so funny. Her joviality was wonderful. Despite her pain from the break-up with Frank, a guy she had met in New York, she always managed to set aside her sadness and be cheerful and friendly.
Unfortunately, Eva wasn’t like her. Her sullen face showed the suffering she had been through. Sometimes, her mind wandered and her eyes became sad. Patty, like the others who knew her well, was aware of her turmoil and tried to distract her from her thoughts. That’s what Patty did all evening, knowing that the place they were in, had witnessed her love for Will. 
«Go and have a look at the potatoes, please! I smell something burning! »
«Get up from that couch, from that… ditch! I need you to bring in the plates with the appetizers. »
They were all attempts to distract Eva, and she knew it. She loved Patty and her manners amused her. After Eva, Patty and Claudia got the dinner on the table, they started eating and the conversation was really pleasant. They laughed a lot, especially thanks to Luca’s jokes, his new friends were nice and talked about themselves too. No one seemed to think about Eva’s past and they all treated her as if she were the girl next door. 
For Eva everything was perfect and she thanked Patty for inviting her.
«You must listen to me sometimes, get out of your hibernation and you’ll see that you’ll feel better. »
However, what was being broadcast on TV destroyed that magic. No one had been paying attention to it until the words being said caught everyone’s ears. “… he’ll soon be back on the set, as he has personally announced to the press. This time it will be an American production, but it’ll be difficult to match the success of his last film, which was also due to the presence on screen of his fiancé…”. 
Eva swallowed her food with difficulty and turned, frightened, towards the TV. They were talking about Will and his photos were being shown. He was smiling and looking as handsome as ever. Her heart started beating hard and everyone looked at her in silence. “We wonder what happened to the gorgeous Italian girl who was near William Stuart on the set and in life? Rumours say that they broke up and this news seems confirmed by the fact that the actor is always seen with other gorgeous women…”
Suddenly Patty switched the TV off.
«TV makes us become anti-social, don’t you think? How about some dessert? I prepared some bits of paper that we can use to vote for the best one» she said with a forced smile. But everyone had seen Will and listened to the speaker. The fact that no one made any comment, meant that Patty had forbidden everyone to talk about the matter. She went into the kitchen to help Patty with the desserts, with a feeling of deep pain in her heart. Seeing Will was still painful, she was destroyed by the love she had for him and her impossibility to face life by his side. Everyone had looked at her while the TV reporter spoke about him. 
Only Paolo, the guy from the lift, hadn’t looked at her, focused on peeling an apple and making a perfect spiral with the peel. Eva had noticed his lack of interest, and she was curious about it. The girls returned to the sitting room with covered trays and put them on the table. 
«Now, let’s see the sweets. The first point will be for how it looks, then we’ll vote for the taste» Patty said seriously, moving the attention even more away from Eva.
«The ice-cream is out of the contest, I didn’t make it» Eva said. 
«No, it is, the prize will eventually go to the ice-cream shop. » 
«Oh, Patty, I don’t think that the most famous ice-cream shop in the city is interested in our prize» she answered. But no one could argue with Patty. They tasted everything, and commented on how good they all were. When the time came to vote, Eva chose Paolo’s tiramisu, writing her preference on the paper and giving it to Patty. She adored the strong coffee aftertaste and the cream was soft and delicious. They all voted and Paolo’s dessert won. 
Patty looked at him. «Ok, you’re the winner. Sunday, you get to come to the cinema with us with this ticket» she said, waving the voucher for the multiplex that someone had given her. 
«Thanks» Paolo said, amazed by the success of his tiramisù. «To be honest, I must admit that my mother helped me» he revealed, embarrassed.
«Big deal! My mother prepared mine» Patty said and they all laughed. 
They all forgot about what they had watched on TV, but not Eva. She sank sadly into the couch with a glass of coke. Paolo went to sit next to her, while the others helped Patty clear the table. 
«Damn it, what kind of couch is this? » Eva laughed and sipped. 
«Are you sad? » he suddenly asked. That question hit her hard. Why didn’t he respect Patty’s suggestion? Maybe, he had arrived late and hadn’t heard her warning. How dare he? He only met her a couple of hours ago. Eva was puzzled. 
«Do you think that what you saw on TV authorizes you to invade my privacy? » she answered, moving her glass nervously. 
«What I saw where? »
Didn’t he really not pay attention to the TV? His eyes seemed sincere. «Do you mean that you didn’t hear anything before? »
«Listen, I’m sorry but… no. I didn’t listen to the TV, I didn’t notice it, I just saw that you came here to be alone. What does the TV have to do with you? »
He hadn’t heard about it and most of all he didn’t know who she was. Maybe someone who hadn’t seen their movie really existed. Either she was in front of a miracle or he was a liar. 
«Do you mean that you had never seen my face before we met in the lift? »
Paolo looked at her with a questioning look, that was absolutely in his favour. 
«Well… yes, I’m sorry. Should I know you for some reason? » He looked down, with the air of someone who is uneasy or has made a gaffe. Eva understood that he wasn’t lying. She had in front of her a guy who didn’t know anything about her past. He chatted with her like one would with any perfect stranger. So, there was still someone who didn’t know she was famous. Suddenly, Eva felt happy. 
She smiled at him. «It doesn’t matter. No, no…»
He smiled back, with a puzzled look, but he was pleased because Eva had just smiled radiantly at him. Then, he composed himself. 
«You’re Luca’s friend, aren’t you? » she asked. What a foolish question, of course he was, they had arrived together. 
«To be honest, I’m Emma’s colleague and so I’ve become Luca’s friend too. »
«Emma? » What about Emma?
«Yes, we work in the same office. » He paused to smile. «Since Luca comes every evening to the office then leaves with Emma…» He opened his arms raising his shoulders, as if to say that it was impossible not to become friends. 
«So, Luca comes to the office every evening … for Emma? » Eva asked. Paolo nodded and winked at her. She had missed this. Instinctively, she turned to look at Luca. He had always been very rowdy, but now she found him very happy too. It was a novelty. Had he fallen in love with Emma? She knew that even Emma had deeply changed, she was not vulgar like anymore, but kinder and not bitter. She had even dyed her hair black. What love can do to you! She had been chasing Luca for a long time and had succeeded. 
«So… do you think they like each other? » Eva asked, still curious. 
«Of course! » Paolo answered, as if it was obvious. Then he stopped to look at her, maybe he thought that Eva was a bit crazy. First the comment about the TV, then she didn’t know anything about a love story in her group of friends. They continued to chat a bit more, and when Eva left Patty’s house, she felt a strange sense of happiness. 





Chapter29


Some days passed and Sunday arrived. In the afternoon, Eva and her friends had planned to go to the cinema and she knew that Paolo would be there too with the coupon he had won at Patty’s house. She was happy about it and hoped that no one had told him about her past, so she could still enjoy the spontaneity of their first meeting. The appointment was at six o’clock p.m. in front of the cinema and Eva and Patty arrived first. 
«Let’s go in, it’s cold out here» Patty said jumping up and down.
«No, please, let’s wait for the others. » Eva didn’t want to miss Luca’s arrival. She wanted to see if he came with Paolo, but would never admit it.
«I saw you chatting with Paolo the other evening. Is he nice? » Patty asked as if she had sensed something. 
«Very nice and he doesn’t know anything about me. Can you imagine that? He chatted with me as if I were any anonymous girl» she answered happily, while she tightened her coloured scarf, rolled around her jacket. 
«It has been a long time since I’ve seen you smile. Eva, it would be great if…» But Eva put her hand on Patty’s mouth to interrupt her. She knew what she wanted to say, but her heart wasn’t yet ready to listen to her friend’s romantic expectations. Patty understood. 
«They’re coming! » Patty said, pointing behind her. The group was coming towards them, trying to protect themselves from the cold wind. The two girls heard their voices and laughs. Their cheerfulness and carefreeness were without any doubt, the best medicine for Eva. Luca was near Emma. Good, they weren’t hiding anymore. Behind them, was Paolo. 
«Hi» he said with his hands in his pockets and his arms tense from the cold or the embarrassment. 
«Hi» Eva said blushing. Immediately after, she looked at Luca who was observing them. Suddenly, Luca grabbed her and pulled her away, leaving Paolo with Emma.
«He asked me for your phone number. Can I give it to him? » he whispered.
«Who? »
«You know, you chatted on the couch for one hour the other evening at Patty’s. »
«What did you tell him about me? »
«Nothing, I swear, I know that he never saw that damn film and he is not interested in gossip. He asked me how I met you and what’s your job. He wanted to know if you have a boyfriend. He doesn’t know anything about you. »
This was what Eva wanted and enthusiastically said «Ok, give it to him. » She didn’t think about the consequences. Luca moved away from her, winking, and Eva suddenly stopped him.
«Where are you running to, dear? »
«I’m running away before you change your mind. I have no chances with you, but maybe he will. » Eva laughed. 
«It’s because I know you’ve got another girl in your heart. A certain… Emma maybe? » she said jokingly. 
The group joined them and Luca stopped everyone with his raised hand. «Please, give me your money, I’ll queue for the tickets. » Then he whispered in her ear «Yes, we’re madly in love. » He had answered Eva’s comments. Was he making fun of her? One never knew with him, his main skill was to confuse people’s ideas, and you never knew what he thought or really felt. He collected the money and went to the box office with Paolo. Eva followed them with her eyes and saw that they took out their mobiles. Without a doubt, Luca was giving Paolo her phone number. Eva panicked and regretted agreeing. Would he have asked her on a date? She wasn’t ready, her wounds were still bleeding. 
She turned towards Patty, frightened, but she found Emma behind her. «What’s up? » she asked. 
«Nothing…»
«So, why have you got that look on your face? Are you disappointed because you found me instead of Patty? You’ve never liked me. »
«No… well, I mean… that it’s not for this that I have… I don’t know what look you’re talking about. »
«Are you afraid that Paolo will ask you on date because Luca just gave him your number? » And she waved her hair aside. She had changed the colour, but she was still the same girl that she was in high school.
«I see you’re well informed. »
«Eva, forget Will! You wanted to change your life and now you’ve got to make an effort and forget your past. You must move on. » Her tone was sad, as if she were a true friend, something she had never been.
«You’re right, but I…»
«I know that you still love him» she interrupted her. Eva frowned, should she get annoyed or listen to her?
«You moved away from him because you didn’t bear that life anymore, but you still love him. Now, you must force yourself to take the opportunity life is giving you, although it’s very hard for you. It’s the only way to forget the quickest possible. » She moved away and left her speechless. She was so different from the Emma of the past. She was sweet, had love changed her?
Eva felt a hand on her shoulder. She turned around and it was Patty. «I heard, Emma is right. »
«Yes, I know, but… I can’t, not yet…»
«Eva, stop thinking, for once. Forget your memories. »
«But how… Patty? It’s too early, you know. »
«Early? How long do you want to wait? When you’re forty years old? » Those words petrified her. 
«I’m still in love with Frank too» she continued «I know it, but I’ve decided to make an effort, to give it a try. I’m dating Andrea now. It’s not love-at-first-sight, but I feel good. »
«Who is Andrea? »
«Another one of Luca’s friends, you’ll meet him soon. » She had just finished talking when they saw a guy trying to draw her attention. She apologized hurriedly and ran towards him. 
Eva was puzzled, she envied her courage. She looked at them, they already seemed very close, but it wasn’t the same for her. The relationship she had had with Will had been deep, overwhelming, all-embracing. The experiences they had lived together, and the union they had felt, seemed to live on forever in time, an unforgettable memory. She couldn’t wipe the slate clean so easily. 
Luca and Paolo came back with the tickets. They all went into theatre five where the latest and most successful romantic comedy was being shown. Luca made Paolo sit near Eva, but she ignored him the entire evening, fearful of the memories that the film brought back. The love story on the screen was similar to the movie she and Will had made. It was clear that other directors and screenwriters tried to imitate their film, hoping for it to be just as successful. She became sad and her coldness made Paolo’s enthusiasm fade.




Chapter30


Months went by and Paolo never called Eva. In the meantime, Patty went on many more dates with Andrea and Eva felt more alone. So, she threw herself into her teaching and that gave her much satisfaction. Summer arrived, the season for spending time at the beach and the seaside, and that pleased Eva. She took her old bicycle out of the garage and went to the beach every day, like old times. 
During one of the hot July afternoons, after a swim, Eva was sunbathing near Claudia, who was doing her beloved crosswords, when a message arrived on her phone. She lazily took it out of her bag and read it. “Do you want to come with me to a party on the South Riviera, this evening? Bye, Paolo”. Eva sat up, looking at her phone, puzzled. 
«Paolo? » she whispered. She sat there, looking at her phone, unable to think. 
Claudia noticed her strange behaviour, took off her sunglasses and asked «What’s up? ».
«Nothing… but I’ve received a strange message. »
«From whom? » her friend asked curiously, with a pen between her lips.  
«From Paolo, remember, Luca’s friend? The one who won the dessert contest at Patty’s house?»
«Of course, and what does he want? »
«He’s invited me to go with him to the party at the South Riviera. »
The two girls looked at each other, waiting for the other to talk, Eva was speechless. She had been caught off guard by that invitation. She hadn’t thought about Paolo anymore and assumed it was the same for him too, after that evening at the cinema.
Instead, he had suddenly reappeared in her life. 
«Tell him that you’ll go» Claudia said suddenly, putting her crossword down and sitting on Eva’s beach chair. 
«Eva, what have you got to lose? Either way, you’ll have spent a pleasant evening or you’ll have the opportunity for a second chance» she whispered.
«A second chance? » Eva shook her head and closed her eyes. «No, I couldn’t. Will is still inside my, in my veins. »
«Well, my dear, I want to remind you that Will might be in your veins, but he’s also in many women’s beds! There are pictures of him with different models and actresses in every newspaper… and you? You’re here pining away for him? Oh, please, come on! » she answered, annoyed, getting up to pick up her crossword. 
Eva became jealous. She got up, looked at the sea and something changed inside her: looking at that clear blue water, for the first time she stopped thinking about Will’s eyes and understood that he had moved on while she had stopped living. 
She took her phone and Paolo’s message was still open. She clicked on “reply” and wrote “Ok. At what time?” He immediately answered “I know where you live, I’ll come by and get you at eight p.m. We’ll eat something at the party. See you later.” Her hand was shaking, she had accepted a man’s invitation. She felt confused, but thanks to Claudia, she was convinced that now she had done the right thing.
The second chapter of her life was starting.







Chapter31


That evening Eva was very nervous and anxious. She changed her dress three times. She couldn’t decide what to wear. Finally, she chose a simple suit: flared trousers with green and black flowers, a pair of black wedge-shoes, black shoulder bag and she fluffed up her hair. She opted for black eye shadow and lip gloss. 
She stopped in front of the mirror, checked herself out from head to toe and decided it was ok. It was eight p.m. when she looked outside the window and Paolo was downstairs, sitting on his bike waiting for her. She felt a knot in her stomach and she stepped back.
«Mum, dad, I’m leaving. What are you doing tonight? »
«We were thinking of going to the feast on the Riviera, it seems there are some stands that cook excellent fried fish» her father said. Eva was annoyed at the idea that they could probably run into her and see her with a guy. She dismissed the unpleasant idea and left. Paolo got off his bike as soon as he saw her. He was wearing a pair of jeans and a white shirt, just like Will on their first date at the college canteen… Eva immediately pushed that memory aside and went up to him smiling, but with difficulty. 
«Hi» she said shyly. 
«Hi Eva, I’m happy you accepted my invitation. To be honest I didn’t think you would…» He looked down and put his hands in his pockets. He was taller than Will and his hair was lighter. He had a beautiful smile too and was rather shy. Eva removed Will from her mind. 
«Why didn’t you think I would? » she asked bravely. She wanted to find out if during the recent months he had discovered anything about her past. 
«Well, that evening at the cinema, you almost ignored me. I thought you found me unpleasant or you were already dating someone… And... » He stopped. Was he saying that he knew everything about her? Eva looked down, ready to face that sorrowful matter. 
«I thought there was a man in your life. A short while after we had gone to the cinema, I came to your school to say hello to you, but I saw you with a man and I thought he was your boyfriend. I came there to… uh… so, I left. » Eva smiled and shook her head. He had seen her with Bruno, her colleague. 
«The guy you saw is my colleague, not my boyfriend» she hurried to say.
«Now I know. Luca told me» he said relieved. 
«And… what else did Luca tell you? »
Paolo stretched his shoulders, went up to her and put his hands on his hips. His expression changed and he stopped smiling. He looked at her and frowned, bending his head towards her. Eva stepped back worriedly.     
«He told me… that if I didn’t hurry to invite you, someone else would have done so in my place. » Eva closed her eyes and sighed. He didn’t know yet. She could enjoy another evening with that guy who would talk to her as if she were a normal girl. But how long would it last?
«Shall we go? » he said interrupting her thoughts. He started the engine and got on his bike. He stared at her. Eva stood there, in front of him and her uncertain future: getting on that bike, behind him, meant that she had decided to start living again. If she didn’t do it, her past would haunt her forever. She gathered her courage and got on behind Paolo. She had decided to face the world again. 

They spent an unforgettable evening, eating fried fish, “piadina” with Nutella chocolate cream and then went to the shooting gallery. After ten shots and ten empty fallen cans, Eva won a stuffed animal. They went on the Ferris wheel and explored every corner of the feast, chatting amicably. Paolo told her that he had just got his degree in Architecture and had served in the military while attending university. He had just received a few job opportunities and was very happy about this. Obviously, when it was Eva’s turn to talk about her life, she was evasive and Paolo noticed it, but he was discreet and didn’t ask questions. They also ran into Eva’s parents, as she had feared. They looked surprised and eyed Paolo curiously, so Eva quickly got rid of them. 
«My feet hurt» she said suddenly to Paolo.
«Come, let’s sit on that wall» he answered, accompanying her where many others were relaxing.
«You know, I really feel fine when I’m with you» he said.
«Me too. At Patty’s and tonight too…» Eva’s voice was uncertain and she forced herself to look at him. They looked into each other’s eyes intensely and in silence, a silence that was full of meaning, a magic moment in which the noise around them faded away. They were rudely interrupted, though, when a child went up to Eva with pen and paper in her hands.
«My parents would like to have your autograph» she asked timidly. Her blood froze. The dream vanished. Paolo looked at the child and then at her. 
«What is she saying? » he asked, laughing. The child looked at him and without saying anything, she pointed at something in the distance. Eva and Paolo turned around and saw a stand with the colours of the English flag. The sign said “Fish and chips” and on its side there were various pictures representing England: Big Ben, a double-decker bus and the poster of Eva and Will’s film. The couple looked happy and very much in love. 
Paolo understood that the child was indicating that beautiful couple of actors. His smile faded and he was puzzled when he realized that Eva was the girl on the poster. He turned to look at her, as if he wanted to be sure it was Eva.
«Damn! That actress resembles you incredibly» he said, incredulous. Eva shook her head, laughing bitterly. 
«She doesn’t resemble me, that is me» she said. She took the paper from the child and signed it. The child ran away waving the paper in the air and giving it to her parents who were sitting a short distance away. 
Eva got up. «Let’s leave. » She felt oppressed. She walked towards the area where Paolo had parked his bike, making her way through the crowd, bumping into people. Paolo followed her in silence. When they arrived at the bike, he started the engine without hesitating. He had understood that Eva wanted to leave, immediately. She got on behind him without talking and they moved away into the night, a long night in which Eva would bare her soul. They went towards the pier of a nearby seaside resort. 
In that hot July night, the wind on their bodies was really soothing after the suffocating warmth of the crowd at the feast. Behind Paolo, Eva felt reassured by the closeness of his body. During that short ride, she realized that she could trust this new acquaintance. She felt the need to get rid of the burden she had inside and tell him everything. She didn’t know how he would take it; maybe he wouldn’t want to see her anymore, but she had to be completely honest and sincere. He was the first guy who had gotten close to her and wanted to date her since her break up with Will, and he was the first one to whom she had given a chance. He couldn’t be kept in the dark, thinking that she was a normal girl, he had to know the truth. 
They arrived at the pier and there was almost no one around. Paolo parked his bike and in silence he walked along the path. He offered her his hand and Eva took it, relieved, as if he was giving her a handhold to float on through her fears. They walked towards that immense darkness hand in hand. The dim light of the streetlamps lit their path, and Eva was grateful for that so people wouldn’t notice her. They arrived at the end, leaned against a railing to look at the dark calm sea, only the light of a distant lighthouse flashed from time to time. They separated their hands. 
He put his elbows on the railing and looking at the sea, he said «I want to tell you that at this point I’m dying to know a bit more about you, considering that neither Luca nor you have said anything. But… feel free to tell me what you want and if you wish, I can accompany you home right now. »
His manners seemed very pleasant to Eva who had lived with disregard for her privacy and lack of respect for a long period of time. She wasn’t expecting this behaviour from anyone anymore. 
«I don’t know why, but I feel the need to tell you everything» she answered, leaning against the railing near him. So, she told him everything, with only the gloomy sea as a witness to her story. She often cried and sighed, but he listened attentively in silence. He didn’t make any snide remarks or comments, as people often did when they heard this kind of story. He had a serious expression that didn’t betray what he was feeling. He showed respect for Eva’s story, probably sensing that it had been full of feelings, emotions, joys and sorrows. 
When she talked about her grandmother’s death and the end of her relationship with the famous William Stuart, whom she had sent away, shouting from her hospital bed, Eva was in tears. Paolo had heard about the actor and he knew he had an Italian fiancé, but he had never watched his films. The last thing he would have ever imagined was that he was on a date with that world-famous sex symbol’s ex-girlfriend.
«Now, you know everything and very few people know the details that I’ve told you. Now you know… what a monster I am! »  she said laughing bitterly at her comment. 
Paolo looked at the sea in silence, as if he were asking it for advice. After hesitating a bit, he turned towards her, touched her elbow and looked intensely into her eyes.
«I don’t see any monster. »
Eva wouldn’t have wanted to, but his words made her cry again. She hid her face in her hair and he understood that she was crying, but this time for what he had said. He put his index finger under her chin and made her turn towards him. Eva looked at him with her eyes full of tears. 
«I’ve seen you only three times and I could be wrong, but I don’t think you have anything in common with the diva the others wanted you to be. I… I just see a girl like many others, actually, even simpler than many others. Maybe your past is more cumbersome for you than for me. » He turned to look at the sea again, putting his hands in his pockets, as if he were looking for inspiration to say the right thing. 
«If you want… if you wish… I would like to continue seeing you, I like being with you. Then it’ll be what it’ll be, but I don’t think it’s right to give up without giving us a chance. I speak for myself when I say that I don’t want to give up, unless you tell me that you killed someone, maybe a reporter? » And he winked at her to lighten the mood. 
Eva burst out into laughter. She found him terrific. After telling him a story that was like a film script, and giving him a tragic and discouraging description of herself, he showed her that he didn’t care. Someone else might have run off immediately. He had known her for a very short time, but he had sensed that despite everything, she had managed to preserve her naturalness and morality, remaining the girl she was before the fame. She had suffered a lot and had wounds to heal.
«I have my skeletons in the closet too, you know? » he said at first smiling and then becoming gloomy. So, he told her about his ex-girlfriend, with whom he had been for many years. 
«She cheated on me and I didn’t know it. It’s typical, right? » He was talking with painful sarcasm. Eva was very interested. 
«I gave up my studies and went into the military, risking to destroy years of hard work, trying to forget a bitch who is now going to marry her lover. » He sighed and kicked an invisible stone. «Luckily, I came to my senses and managed to get my degree as soon as I finished my military service. I studied hard and even gave up playing volleyball, which was the only satisfaction I granted her. I didn’t have the strength to train anymore. »
«For me it was the opposite, the more I suffered, the more I ran. »
«My big problem was that I spent my evenings going wild» Paolo avoided to go into detail. «If you do sports, you can’t fall so low that a guard has to wake you up in the morning knocking at the window of your car. Then, I stopped. Getting drunk and doing idiotic things is useless. It took me a long time and I don’t even know if I’m out of it completely…» 
He touched his head grimacing. «A voice inside me says yes» he said looking at her. 
«Are you looking for someone to have sex? » Eva asked straightforwardly, after some moments of silence. 
He opened his eyes wide with surprise. He didn’t expect that, but then he smiled. 
«I like your frankness and harshness. » He shook his head. «To be honest, when I look at you my instincts run wild, but I’ll control myself because it’s not what I had in mind when I invited you on a date tonight. I’ve been on a few dates recently, but they made me feel worse than if I were alone. That evening at Patty’s house, instead, I really enjoyed chatting with you on the couch and for the first time in a long time, I was happy to be in the company of a woman. Even now I feel really good and… I might add that, before the child asked you for your autograph, you looked serene. You were… gorgeous. » He stopped and gave her a penetrating look.
«I’ll try to resist! » he concluded ironically, making the gesture of someone who was handcuffed. 
Eva smiled, she believed him. No, he didn’t just want to have sex with her. She became convinced that he wanted to try to build a relationship with her. Frightened but happy, she decided at that moment that she would continue to date him. He must have sensed it because immediately after he hugged her and Eva did the same. Their hands met, in silence he tightened hers, and with that gesture they said everything. 
It was late. With their arms around each other they walked in silence towards the bike, their future and the life that they would live together from then on.






Chapter32


Eva and Paolo met up every day after work for a walk in the city centre, for a coffee together or to see what was new in the bookstore, it was an unforgettable period. Every excuse was good to see each other. Eva was happy and looked forward to the moment when she could see him, just like Paolo looked forward to seeing her, hoping to get rid of the shadows of the past and starting a true love story. He was extremely patient and never revealed his desire for her, which was becoming even more impelling. 
It was a very hot day towards the end of September when Paolo got the idea to go for one last swim for the season. 
«Will you come with me? » he asked Eva on the phone.
«It’s still very hot but the sea will be cold» she said hesitantly.
«It won’t be, the sun is very strong. Will you come or not? » he insisted.
«Ok, but if I get sick, you’ll be in trouble. »
«If you get sick, I’ll take care of you. »   
So, they went to the beach. It was crowded because many people had had the same idea, they all wanted to take advantage of that favourable climate. Eva and Paolo rented a paddleboat to get away from the crowd. Once they were in the open sea, they dived and swam towards a rock. The water was clear and they remained for a long time looking at the waves crashing. After a while, Paolo got up and so did Eva with the help of his hand, but she put her foot badly and almost fell on the rocks, twisting the same ankle she had hurt when she jumped over the wall at the college in London. Paolo saw her stumble and grabbed her by her waist. 
«Damn it… thanks! » Eva said frightened. «If I had fallen, I would have really hurt myself badly».
Paolo didn’t answer, didn’t let her go and looked at her intensely. Eva was mesmerized by his eyes and by the feel of his hands around her waist. He got nearer, Eva felt his wet body against hers, his lips were so close, but they didn’t dare. Eva closed her eyes and… finally she gave up. They kissed passionately. 
Paolo had been waiting for a long time, too long. His desire exploded uncontrollably while his hands touched Eva’s body eagerly. She couldn’t resist him any longer. They kissed for a long time. Then Eva dived into the water, trying to calm the fire that was burning inside her. She was still afraid, afraid to make a mistake again. She wanted to get away, so she disappeared under water, hoping the sea would swallow her. She wanted to reach the paddleboat, as if her dilemma could find a solution there. He dived and went after her. 
When Eva resurfaced to breathe, she felt his hands grabbing her waist again from behind her. Paolo started kissing her neck. Eva shivered. All her senses were awakening again, after a long time. She turned and put her hands behind his head. He opened his lips and put them on hers. Paolo’s hands touched Eva’s body again. Suddenly, Eva thought about Will and stiffened, but he didn’t give up. They had reached the paddleboat. He jumped on and offered her his strong arms. Once on the boat, they found themselves lying on each other and for Eva there was no escape. Paolo held her tight and his kisses were delicate. Eva’s body was like a prisoner who is released and little by little starts to feel new sensations, and the past faded away from her mind. She was overwhelmed by desire, something that she thought she could never feel for anyone after Will. 
She was wrong. Love can break every barrier. 
On that end-of-summer day their passion was born, a passion that felt like it would last forever. 
Eva returned home stunned, but happy. She felt that she was doing the right thing. After that unforgettable day, their dates intensified and many times their encounters ended passionately. They were uncontrollable, insatiable, they both wanted to forget their past, challenging the pain that still continued to poison their souls. They had both found the cure in each other and they wouldn’t have given it up.
Eva’s parents realized that she was dating Paolo and they were very happy about it. Their friends watched them discreetly and soon understood that a new love was born. No one dared to comment because they knew that it was a delicate matter, especially for Eva. Patty was well informed and kept their friends up to date on the development of their relationship. 
It was Luca’s birthday and the usual group of friends was invited to a restaurant for pizza and cake. When Paolo kissed Eva on her lips in front of everyone, Luca couldn’t hold back anymore, he got up, raised his glass and said «Raise your glasses everyone. » He was a bit drunk.
«I want to toast to the years that have passed, leaving me still a bit immature and… I want to make a toast to Emma who has started to put up with me and says she’s happy about it too. » And he kissed her, while they all laughed and Emma was over the moon.
«Shut up you guys! I haven’t finished. » The voices stopped. «I also want to toast Paolo and Eva and their happiness» he said raising his glass and abandoning his sarcastic tone. 
They all raised their glasses and looked at the smiling couple. They were making their relationship public, something that they were afraid to reveal even to themselves. Eva and Paolo were taken by surprise by that gesture and they felt embarrassed. But Paolo kissed her first on her cheek and then on her mouth, again in front of everyone, gushing with happiness. 
They all toasted again and then Luca clapped his hands, followed by the others who shouted a round of «Hurray» and «Wow. » It seemed like a liberating sound of approval and a lovely gesture that moved Eva. She cried, hidden on Paolo’s shoulder, grateful to life for that second chance. 
Luca sat down again and stared at his glass. «Hostile fate, cousin of mine on the other side of the Channel, excellent teacher of English curse words… don’t be angry with me… my lost friend. »
And he guzzled all his sparkling wine. 





Chapter33


The new love warmed the cold winter and Eva was really happy, although at times she found herself thinking about Will. It would take time to forget him, but with Paolo she was really fine and they fell in love, a different love from the one between her and Will and between Paolo and his ex-girlfriend. They were older, more mature, and had both been burned. This didn’t forbid their feelings to grow, all they had to do was open the doors to their souls. 
«Corinne, I’m happy to hear from you. » She felt a lump in her throat. Corinne’s voice was synonymous with “great friend” but even with “Steve” and… “Will”. So, despite her efforts she still carried around her past.
«I’m pregnant! » she immediately said, and Eva’s melancholy faded away like snow in the sun.
«Again? You must have some problems about the… technique. »
«Go ahead, joke! My ovaries have problems, they work too much. »
«Your ovaries? Are you sure that they work too much? » Eva giggled, putting the phone on her shoulder. 
«Wow, you’re even funnier now that you’re with… Pablo… Paul? »
«Paolo, I’ve told you at least twenty times. »
«Yeah, but you know, an Italian name… I don’t understand. »
As usual, she understood very well, but Eva knew that Corinne, deep down, saw her only with Will. 
«My baby will be born in springtime and I would like you to be the godmother. » She changed the subject.  
«I would like to have a big party. For Sophie I couldn’t because I had just got married, but now I want to have a big celebration. You’ll come, won’t you? » 
«Of course, but…» Eva felt the lump in her throat again, she wanted to ask if Will would be there too. 
«Don’t worry, I know what you want to ask me. Will is in the United States and will remain there for a long time» she hurried to answer, as if she wanted to dismiss the topic. Eva sighed. «Ok, I’ll happily be there and… maybe Paolo can come too. »
«Of course, I was just about to tell you» Corinne said, not at all convinced. 

Corinne’s baby was born, they called her Silvie. The time for the baptism celebrations arrived in wonderful Paris. It was summer and Eva bought an elegant, tight-fitting, low-necked fuchsia dress with a matching large-brimmed hat for the occasion. She had begged Paolo to bring along his best suit, knowing that Corinne would organize a fancy party, and she was right. The religious ceremony would be celebrated by the family priest at an exclusive restaurant, chosen by Corinne, on the outskirts of Paris. It had a sumptuous garden, with swimming pool, where everything had been prepared for the party. The day of the baptism Paolo and Eva took a taxy from the luxurious hotel, that Corinne had booked for them, and arrived at the villa where there were lots of elegant guests from the upper class already gathered around. 
«Hey, who’s your friend, the president’s daughter? » Paolo asked jokingly, while he looked at the well-dressed ladies. He was amused by that situation that was new for him. Eva, instead, had taken part in many parties like this one and she was disgusted by them. But for Corinne, she gritted her teeth. 
«Dear Maggie! »
«Steve! » Eva hugged her friend and kissed his cheek. She remained that way for some moments, the time to hide her strong emotion in seeing him again. He was fond of Will as he was of his mother and hugging him meant for Eva that she was hugging all of her past. Steve was moved too. He gently moved away and looked at her. He read all her memories in her trembling and wet eyes.
«Your make-up will run if you cry now » he said, controlling himself. He caressed her cheek, trying to hide his tears that were blurring his vision. «You won’t look good in the pictures» he said smiling sweetly.      
«And… and… this is Paolo. He can speak English, you don’t need my help» Eva stammered, her voice was broken, she collected her strength and turned towards her boyfriend, who was a sad onlooker. 
«You’re welcome, Paolo» Steve said, with the aplomb of a true gentleman. 
«Thanks» Paolo said, not convinced. 
Eva knew that Paolo was a bit worried about meeting her friends, she had told him that Steve and Will were best friends and he had probably been irritated by Steve’s “Dear Maggie” and their tears.  
Eva and Paolo went inside, leaving Steve at the gate to welcome the other guests. Then, it was Corinne’s turn. She ran towards Eva, in her aquamarine suit. She was gorgeous, marriage and maternity had made her radiant.
«Eva, you’re here, I can’t believe it! » and she hugged her happily.
«Corinne, what a beautiful mum you’ve become. » It was a joyful encounter. She didn’t cry with Corinne because she had already gotten emotional enough with Steve.
«I want to introduce you to my boyfriend. » And she pulled Paolo closer. He was always a step behind her. Was he shy or uneasy? It didn’t seem that Corinne was dying to meet him, judging from her expression, it was as if she were annoyed and had interrupted their greetings. 
«We can speak English, right? Nice to meet you, I’m happy you’re here with Eva. Take a seat, Pablo» she said pointing at the chairs. 
«Paolo, my name is Paolo» he said.
«Oh, right… please Paolo. »
For Corinne, his name could be Paolo, but even Pablo or… Giovanni. It didn’t matter, he wasn’t Will. This was enough for her not to think he was the right man for Eva. That was what her face said. 
It was time for the ceremony and Eva, as the godmother, stood near the priest, with the baby in her arms. The baby was lovely in her precious white tulle. Silvie’s proud parents were on the other side. Eva was moved and sincerely happy for Corinne and Steve. Their child touched her heart. The priest started the ceremony and everything seemed to go smoothly, the guests were sitting in two tidy rows, Paolo was in the first row, looking at his Eva proudly. 
Suddenly, while the priest was celebrating the mass, Eva saw Corinne’s smile fade and she looked at Eva with a strange persistence. It was clear that she wanted to tell her something. She mimed something, but Eva didn’t understand. Then, she turned towards the baby’s carriage and pretending to pick up an object, she touched the bells on the top. Corinne looked at her friend again, holding in her hand a little bee, but Eva continued not to understand, so Corinne gave up and turned her attention to the priest. 
But suddenly Eva remembered: Bee Will! The little bee of a famous cartoon of the same name by Will! How many times they had called Will with that funny nickname...
Her heart started beating crazily, she felt it in her throat, then in her temples and finally behind her ears. Her legs shook and became like jelly. What was Corinne trying to tell her? Was Will there? Eva looked at the child in her arms, hoping that the brim of her hat could hide her face, while she bit her lips. She panicked, she tried to control herself for the baby’s sake. Corinne and Steve’s eyes were wide open and on her, Steve nodded towards the guests worriedly, looking at the last rows.
Eva put her sunglasses on and remained still behind her dark lenses, moving only her eyes in the direction Steve had looked. She saw Will, in the last row, sitting near a busty blonde that Eva recognized to be Sandy. 
Will was supposed to be in the United States, according to Corinne. Instead, he was there. He had probably decided that he couldn’t miss the event, and was happy to surprise Steve. 
Eva suffered terrible moments trying to hide her mood. Her forehead was sweating, but she managed not to panic. When the baptism finished, Eva would have wanted to run away immediately, but she was stopped by the photographer for the pictures. She had to smile with the baby, her parents and the priest. It was during one of those photos that her eyes met Will’s and it was clear that he didn’t expect to find her there. His unexpected arrival at the celebrations had cost him dearly. He turned around quickly, after their intense exchange of looks seemed to throw daggers at each other. Eva felt even worse, so after the picture-taking was over, she went to Paolo. 
«I don’t feel well, please, let’s leave» she said, deeply upset.
«What’s up? » Paolo answered worriedly. Then he looked around and saw Will. Without Eva knowing about it, he had watched the DVD of their film. So, he recognized him immediately, guided by an intuition dictated by his jealousy. He linked his girlfriend’s distress to that presence and stiffened more than ever.
«Come, let’s go get something to drink» he said, pushing her towards the cocktail bar. Eva followed him without complaining, scared by his severe manners. They reached the table and without thinking, Eva said to the waiter who was smiling at her «Whisky! »
Paolo looked at her speechless as she downed her drink. Eva was disgusted by the taste but continued to drink it.
Paolo was tense, petrified and indisputably agitated. Leaving the party would have been the best option, but Eva was the godmother and he didn’t dare take her away. He was looking for Corinne, when he heard someone behind him speaking in English, the person was clearly a bit drunk. 
«Good, an Italian! » Will said to Paolo. Eva, without turning, recognized his voice. She felt her legs go weak. She finished her whisky. If it could only kill her…
Paolo turned and answered in English «Do you maybe have something against Italians? »
«Oh, and he speaks English well too! No, no, no, no… you’re wrong ...» Will said, smiling and shaking his head, already drunk and with an empty glass in his hand. «How can you think that I’ve got something against Italians when…» he stopped to look at Eva «when I had one in my bed for a long time? » he concluded, looking at her generous neckline. 
Paolo punched Will’s nose and as he stumbled back, he leaned on a table and a tower of glasses came crashing down. The noise that followed made everyone turn around. Will pulled himself together, but his eyes were full of hatred. Eva had her hands on her mouth and was shaking. With a fake smile, Will looked at Paolo and said «Well, well. You’re jealous! So, you don’t only make sex with …» but he couldn’t finish because Paolo punched him again violently. Will fell on the broken glass, got up furiously and grabbed Paolo’s legs, making him fall down. People were frightened and scattered, while Eva felt faint. 
They rolled around on the ground fighting until Steve managed to pull Will away from Paolo, with the help of another guest. Paolo calmed down and Eva saw Steve drag Will away. His hands were full of blood from the broken glasses. They passed near Eva and Will stopped to look at her for a long moment. The intensity of that stare pierced Eva and remained in her mind. She saw his pain, his resentment and, despite everything, even his love in those eyes. She then saw blood trickle down his hand. Eva felt as if the cuts were hers, and for a moment, she hated Paolo because he had injured Will and she understood how much she still loved him. She cried and ran away from Will and Paolo. 
Steve and Corinne managed to restore order, smiling forcedly and reassuring their guests. In the meantime, Will disappeared, so did Eva and Paolo, after having apologized. There was a cold silence in the taxi on the way to the hotel. Paolo had some scratches in his face, his suit was covered with dust and his shirt was stained with blood… Will’s blood. Eva was in trance, she couldn’t speak. Again, she felt the mutism that had assailed her in the past. 
In the hotel, Paolo entered the room and immediately took off his jacket and tie. Then he saw his blood-stained shirt in the mirror and took it off too. Eva was sitting on the bed. She had taken off her hat and shoes and didn’t feel like doing anything else. She was looking at the view of Paris from the window. Paolo looked at her with his hands in his pockets, then went to the minibar. 
«Do you want to have a drink with me? » he asked kindly. Eva didn’t answer, she was perturbed and couldn’t talk. 
«I’m sorry» Paolo said while pouring a drink. «I know I was wrong. I hadn’t hit anyone since I was twelve years old, when a bully at school made fun of me and I lost control, like tonight. Since then I’ve never beat anyone up, not even the man who took my ex-girlfriend away from me, and he even deserved it. » He sipped his drink, staring at Eva, looking for her reaction, but sat still, like a statue. He moved towards the window and looked outside too, still sipping his soft drink. 
«Listen» he said drily, turning suddenly and pointing his finger at her. «That spoiled angel face full of money insulted you. He practically called you whore and I… I couldn’t hold back. I’m sorry, but I couldn’t ignore what he said. »
Eva got up. «That didn’t authorize you to beat the hell out of him! »
«I didn’t beat the hell out of him! The broken glass injured him, and I think that he wouldn’t have stopped hitting me if your friend hadn’t arrived and calmed him down» he shouted. He turned away and slapped his empty glass on the table. 
«You defend him! » he shouted. Then he put his hands in his pockets, looked at her and smiled bitterly, shaking his head. «He called you a whore … and you defend him! » he grimaced and nervously turned his back on her. 
«You still love him» he said out loud. 
Eva didn’t deny it, and this was the end of their conversation and the beginning of their crisis.






Chapter34


At home, Eva sank into that old sadness that had gripped her after her grandmother’s death and the end of her relationship with Will. Her parents noticed that she didn’t go out with Paolo anymore, but they didn’t dare to ask her anything. Eva thought about Paolo’s last words, about them, about Will and her whole life. It was unbelievable, but she felt a strong feeling for both of them. She tormented herself in her thoughts, closed in her room, until her father knocked at the door.
«May I come in, my little one? » he asked gently. 
«Of course, dad. »
He sat on the edge of her bed, where Eva was lying staring at the ceiling. After a short pause and inquiring eyes, he said «You saw Will in Paris, didn’t you? » He had hit the nail on the head, as always. 
«Oh, dad…» Eva said crying, hugging him.
«Come on, tell me or… you’ll explode if you remain here in this room without talking to anyone.»
Eva told him about the brawl and her father was puzzled, knowing Will and Paolo’s good manners. Making a big effort, Eva managed to tell him about her feelings. He listened to her carefully. 
«Let’s take one step at a time» he said. «There are two guys who are in love with you, who even fight over you. » He smiled proudly, but then he became serious again, respecting Eva’s pain. «Now, you’re very confused. One is your old boyfriend, your first love. You loved each other a lot, and this my dear, will last forever, it’s impossible to forget the first love. You learn to live with its end and cherish its memory, but you can’t get rid of it. You could meet Will again a hundred years from now and he’ll still make you cry. It’s been only two years that your love story is over! Not to mention that you two will be challenged all the time and will be remembered by everyone because you’re the famous couple of a successful film. A film that’s been seen around the world. What’s the result? You’re an unforgettable couple: accept it. »
He had just spelled out the bitter reality. 
After a short pause, he continued shaking his head and looking elsewhere «Yes, yes, William made some mistakes, this is undoubtable. » He touched his chin and looked at Eva again. «But… let me say dear girl that you made mistakes too. You wanted to become an actress to make him happy. » He couldn’t hold back a smile, knowing that Eva could become anything in her life, but she could never be an actress. «You should have gone to him, at least only to say goodbye. He didn’t deserve such treatment. Despite his mistakes, he loved you very much and you should have told him your reasons for leaving. Instead, you closed yourself in an inexplicable silence and humiliated him, he didn’t deserve that. Let me add that he will suffer a lot for this and so will you. In the future, you could regret it and you’ll have the disagreeable feeling that you haven’t given each other the proper closure. Remember that without closure you’re leaving a door open.»
He wasn’t only a father he was also a seer. 
«Right now, the situation is too complicated to think about going back. William now is completely absorbed by his job. If two years ago, on an impulse, he could have given everything up, at this point I think it would be really impossible for him to do so. I believe that you’re in love with Paolo and not with Will now, even though you’ll love him forever and you’ll suffer for how things went between the two of you. »
Eva couldn’t believe how her father had made an impeccable analysis of her situation. He had seen things clearly, more than she did. He knew many more things than she imagined, but his discretion had stopped him from interfering. Eva loved Will, but he had disappointed her. 
And Paolo… She realized at that moment how much she missed him. She hugged her father and thanked him. She felt better, relieved, although nothing had changed. She left her room and immediately called Patty. She was trying to get to life back again. 
«What happened to you? It’s more than a month that I haven’t hear from you! You haven’t been to the beach anymore and you refuse to come to the phone. Are you crazy? »
«Patty… it’s a long story. I was in Paris and… I saw Will. »
«My God! That’s why Paolo…» but she didn’t finish her sentence. «I must see you immediately, you must tell me everything. »
The evening they met for a walk on the riviera. They sat in a bar on the seafront, in front of a tasty ice-cream.
«And that’s it» Eva concluded. Patty looked at her speechless. «He still loves you and you? »
«I don’t know. My father says that I’m in love with Paolo. I just know that for a moment, when I saw Will covered in blood, I hated Paolo. But now, I miss him. I found my serenity and a sense of balance with him and now I’m afraid that I ruined everything. »
She said those last words with her chin in her hands. The ice-cream cup was empty and she was looking at it. She didn’t notice that Luca and Emma were behind her, exchanging nods with Patty. Paolo was nearby too, pretending to be looking at the view. Eva felt a presence behind her and turned around.
«Luca, Emma! » she said surprised. «Why are you being so mysterious? Sit down. »
«I don’t know… if Paolo wants to continue walking or what …» Luca said. Eva saw Paolo, her heart started beating crazily and she didn’t know what to say. Paolo turned and put his hands in his pockets. 
«Hi, Eva…» he said uncertainly «how are you? »
«Hi, Paolo» she answered. «I’m fine, thank you. »
Patty, Luca and Emma witnessed that exchange of words in silence. They probably hoped to hear a more encouraging exchange, but Eva and Paolo stopped there. 
«Patty, I would like to go back home, if you don’t mind » Eva said to her friend. She was embarrassed and didn’t know what to do.
«I can accompany you if you want» Paolo hurriedly said.
«Thanks, so I can stay with Luca and Emma» Patty said promptly. 
«Yes, we’ll accompany you later» Emma said.
«Ok. So, Eva, if you want…» Paolo said, shily.
«I do » Eva whispered, smiling.
Paolo stretched his hand out to her and Eva took it, never to leave it anymore.



Fourth Part



Chapter35


The children were at school, Paolo was at work and Eva went to get an x-ray for her arm. She hoped they would remove her plaster because she couldn’t bear it anymore. However, a bitter surprised awaited her on that 1st of February 2013. The doctor stared at the computer screen where her x-ray was and shook his head. 
«I’m very sorry, but your arm has not healed and I suppose you’ll have to undergo surgery. »
«What? Do you mean that I’ve had this damned plaster on for nothing and now I also have to be operated on? »
«Unfortunately, … yes» the doctor added. 
Eva had a nervous breakdown and hardly managed to call Paolo. «My love, they say that I have to have surgery…» and she didn’t finish her sentence.
«You what? » her husband said, incredulous. 
Eva hung up, as she always did when she was nervous, Paolo left his job and reached her at the hospital. He spoke to the doctors who told him what they had told his wife, adding that if she didn’t undergo surgery soon, she could have serious problems. They returned home in a sad mood and Paolo got busy booking the surgery for the following week. 
The day of the surgery, the children went to their grandmother’s and Paolo went with her to the hospital. 
«We’ve been through a lot of bad things, haven’t we? » he said to her before they took her into the operating theatre. 
«Yes, when our children were born. » And Eva remembered the terrible moments before her children’s births. 
«Now, it’s different, you’ll sleep and when you wake up everything will be over and you’ll find me near you. » Her husband kissed her. 
They took her away, he had reassured her but she still wasn’t calm. 
Once in the operating theatre, the anaesthetist inserted the needle in her vein, but after some moments, Eva’s blood pressure suddenly dropped and they all panicked. The anaesthetist shouted to the surgeon to stop before he could make an incision. Her heartbeat had slowed down. There were moments of excitement until, after many manoeuvres and a heavy dose of cortisone, the anaesthetist managed to restore Eva’s vital signs. 
«Anaphylactic shock caused by the medicine» ha finally said, drenched in sweat, taking off his surgical mask. «We can’t operate on her in these conditions, bring her to intensive care for observation. » 
In the meantime, a doctor had made way for her transfer from the operating theatre to the intensive care. While doing so, he made the big mistake of answering Paolo hurriedly when he asked him about the outcome of the surgery. 
«We’re taking her to the intensive care, but stay calm» he had answered, running away.
Paolo panicked and remained petrified for some moments, but when he recovered, he ran after him. The man had already disappeared behind a closed door. Paolo knocked vigorously, but no one opened so he rang the bell many times, but no one answered. He was going crazy and looked for someone who could give him more news, but no one knew anything. Finally, exhausted, he sat in one of the chairs and thousands of thoughts passed through his mind, taking his breath away. His mobile rang so he answered and it was Corinne who wanted to know about the surgery. 
«Oh, Corinne, no, I don’t know anything. She’s in the operating theatre and I’ve only known that they are taking her to the intensive care, but I haven’t been able to talk to the surgeon yet… I have no news, it’s a nightmare…»
At that moment, the surgeon appeared and Paolo hung up and switched off the phone, leaving poor Corinne without an explanation. Paolo was panicking and the doctor realized that someone had already told him something about what had happened.
«It’s all right, it’s all right… calm down! » he hurried to say to calm him down. «We couldn’t perform the surgery, though, because your wife had an anaphylactic shock, but the anaesthetist managed to bring everything back to normality. We wanted to move her to the intensive care, but now we’ve realized that it’s not necessary, she’s breathing normally and her vital signs are normal again. We’ll monitor her in her room and for a while she’ll be a bit sedated, just for her safety. »
Paolo breathed again and touched his head with relief. «So, you can’t operate on her? » he asked. 
«The problem is that it must be done in general anaesthesia and your wife has a negative reaction to it, but we’ll find a solution. Now, let’s just think about her recovery and let her wake up slowly. Stay near her » he finally told him while leaving. 
After some moments, Eva was rolled out, asleep, and Paolo followed her anxiously. He kissed her, before the personnel moved him away. Then they put Eva in her room and said to Paolo «Now, let her sleep. She’ll be sedated until the doctors decide differently. You can remain near her, but don’t disturb her, please. »
Paolo watched over her never leaving her side. He had completely forgotten that he had broken off his call with Corinne, and could have never imagined what happened after that. 
Corinne had tried to call him back many times and when he didn’t answer, she had gone to Steve shouting that Eva was ill and was being taken to the intensive care. 
«What? What happened to her? » Steve asked, frightened, not knowing about the surgery. 
«I don’t know, I don’t know! Paolo didn’t tell me and he switched off his mobile. »
Corinne started crying, walking up and down in the room. At that point, Steve thought that maybe Eva had had an accident and not wanting to worry his wife even more, he went into his room.  He was extremely worried and after hesitating for quite a while, he decided to call Will, knowing that if he didn’t, his friend would never forgive him. 
«My good old Parisian friend, why are you calling me? Don’t tell me that you’ve finally decided to come and visit me in London! » Will said sitting on the couch to enjoy his friend’s call. 
Steve was sweating and it wasn’t hot at all. He had a very difficult task. 
«William, my friend, it’s about… it’s about… Eva. »
A deafening silence followed. From Steve’s tone of voice, Will sensed that it had to be something serious.
«What happened to her? »
«Her husband told Corinne that… she’s in intensive care. I don’t know anything else» he managed to say.
Will got up furiously. «What happened to her? » he shouted. 
«I don’t know, my friend. I don’t know anything else. You understand that… I couldn’t avoid telling you…»
William switched off his phone, he felt like he was suffocating. He sat down again to clear his mind, but his heart started beating fast. He switched the phone on again, he was furious. 
«Get me on a flight to Rome immediately! If you can’t find one, hire a jet» he shouted to his secretary. 
Will left the next day for Italy. The twisted news had gone from Italy to Paris and then on to London. 
In the meantime, Paolo had had a chance to calm down and remembered, a day later, the phone call between him and Corinne. He called her back from the hospital while Eva was still sedated, and explained everything, apologizing. Corinne was happy and told Steve the good news when he returned from work. He became pale. 
«I’m happy to hear that, but… oh my god, what did I do? » he answered while throwing his briefcase down and taking his head between his hands in desperation. He hurried to call Will back, but his mobile was switched off. Then, he called his secretary, who told him that Mr. Stuart had left for Italy suddenly. 
«What have I done… what have I done! » he yelled as he walked around the house, tormenting himself. It was too late to stop William. Steve was afraid about what would happen after the fight in Paris. When Corinne understood what her husband had done, she picked up the phone and tried to get in touch with Will but it was in vain. He was unreachable. 
Will landed in Rome and after a few hours reached the hospital by taxi. During the entire journey he had kept his eyes closed while thousands of memories passed through his mind. The thought that Eva was ill had devastated him and he cried. He felt that during the entire time since their separation he had been in a limbo, that’s how important Eva was for him. He couldn’t bear the idea that she could be in danger. He had to see her immediately, hoping to be able to bear every single moment that separated him from the truth. 
He arrived at the hospital in the city where Eva lived and asked about her at the reception desk in a faltering Italian. The woman recognized him and smiled with admiration. 
«I’m happy to tell you that Eva Nero isn’t in intensive care, but in orthopaedics» she said, happy to test her knowledge of English. William sighed and turned away. So, that meant she was no longer in danger, he immediately thought. 
«You’re not allowed to go in, though, you’ll have to wait for visiting hours » the woman added professionally. 
«I came all the way from England, please, make an exception for me…» Will asked, turning on his charm. It was impossible to resist his gorgeous eyes. The woman pointed at the lifts without speaking. The actor thanked her with a handshake and a breath-taking smile that the woman would brag about forever.
Will went to the ward and looked for her room, wandering around in the corridor. In the meantime, Paolo was standing around in the same corridor, drinking something he had bought from the vending machine. Suddenly, he saw Will from behind and almost didn’t recognize him, then Will turned around and was just about to ask him something since Paolo was the only person there.
Paolo stood still, he recognized him immediately despite the many years that had passed from their fight in Paris. William had greying hair and had lost a bit of his youthful air, but it was him damn it. 
It took William a bit longer to recognize him, but when he did, he stopped. Paolo got up, tightening his empty can.
They were in front of each other again, after almost twenty years, each with their conflicting feelings that time had only partially healed. 
Will felt it was his duty to speak first. He knew that he shouldn’t be there. 
«How are you, Paolo? » he asked coldly. 
«It could go better» Paolo answered. 
Will put his arms on his hips, opening his jacket. He was embarrassed and shy, the behaviour that women liked so much. Then, unable to look at Paolo, he added «Please, tell me how Maggie is and what the hell happened, then I’ll go away. »
Paolo was stunned and tempted not to give him any explanation. Then, he looked at him cautiously. That man in his 50s who was rich, powerful, considered by all a famous sex symbol envied by most men, was there in front of him with a helpless and humble air. That hit Paolo and made him realize that he was there because he had loved Eva. He had left everything to run to her and was humiliating himself now in front of him. So, he decided that he deserved an answer. 
«She’s fine, I don’t know what they told you to make you run here…» he said coldly. «She had an anaphylactic shock and risked going into intensive care, but fortunately she didn’t. » It was at that moment that he understood that Will was there as a result of the interrupted call between him and Corinne. It was his fault. Paolo felt guilty and became kinder. 
Will broke down crying because of the tension accumulated in those hours and Paolo was embarrassed. 
«Thanks…» Will said, while he tried to control himself. Paolo was shocked by his explosion of feelings. 
After some moments, Will added «Listen Paolo… I’m sorry. We… we met under the worst circumstances that evening at Corinne’s, I was drunk and… I didn’t control myself. I’ve never believed what I said. Please, forgive me. » Paolo was speechless. He had already forgiven!
«It was a long time ago. »
Until that day, Paolo had never had a good opinion of Will, both because of his glamorous and gossipy image in the media, as well as for the jealousy and resentment he felt for his relationship with Eva. At that moment, though, he had in front of him a completely different man and his ability to put aside his pride and apologize, touched him enormously. 
«I would like to ask you one last thing, before leaving » Will found the courage to ask, looking at him pleadingly «I would like to see Maggie… then I’ll leave, forever, I promise. »
Paolo put his hands in his pockets and after hesitating for a moment, he pointed at Eva’s room. Will smiled grateful and followed him. At the door, Paolo pushed it to let Will in, amazed by his own behaviour. 
Eva was still sleeping. When Will saw her, he got emotional and tried to hide it, unsuccessfully. He dried his tears, laying bare his feelings in front of her husband. 
He still loves her! Paolo thought, staring at him, and that thought troubled him. He was touched, but on the other hand he felt the danger in the strength of that love. 
Finally, Will walked towards the door and stretched his hand out to Paolo with gratitude. Paolo was hesitant, but then shook his hand while they looked at each other for the last time, there in front of Eva, oblivious of everything. Then Will left in silence. 
Paolo decided not to tell Eva what had happened.





Chapter36

When Eva opened her eyes, she saw Paolo, who kissed her tenderly and sweetly held her hand.
«Oh, how long did I sleep? I feel a bit dazed. » The sedatives had calmed her nerves and helped her recover. However, when she found out about the anaphylactic shock, the danger she had incurred and the fact that her arm hadn’t been operated on, she became anxious again.
«Eva, stop fidgeting, we’ll find a solution. I swear» her husband comforted her. 
Luckily, she was dismissed from the hospital and, as soon as she got home, her children, who had been waiting patiently for her, made her feel better with their hugs. Paolo immediately started looking for a solution for the surgery. Patty’s husband, Andrea, who was a doctor, told Paolo about a new anaesthetic that was being used only abroad at the moment. It had a completely different molecular composition from the one that Eva was allergic to, besides the extraordinary properties that made it last longer than common anaesthetics. It was perfect for Eva, Andrea thought, but it would be available in Italy only the following year and Eva couldn’t wait that long. 
Paolo asked him where it was already being used and when the doctor named London, his mind, of course, went to William Stuart. At that moment, Paolo refused that thought, but then he had the foolish idea to ask his wife’s ex-boyfriend for his help in speeding up the documents needed.
After hesitating a lot, he took his phone, despite how jealous he felt, and called Will. After their encounter at the hospital, he thought of Will as being a sensitive and trustworthy person. He also tried to ignore the fact that Will was still in love with his wife. However, Eva’s problem was urgent, so he called Corinne to ask her for Will’s number. 
«What… what? » Corinne asked, stunned. 
«Calm down, I don’t want to duel with him, nor roll around on broken glass» Paolo said. 
Corinne certainly didn’t expect that sarcasm. «Listen, I haven’t forgiven my husband yet for making Will come to Italy and I don’t want to make another…»
«What should I do to calm you down? Do you want to know what we said to each other, Mr. Blue Eyes and I? » Paolo knew he hit the mark, because in order to hide Will’s arrival in Italy from Eva, he had had to send Corinne a message telling her not to talk to his wife about it. «I know that you’re dying to know what happened between us and I want to tell you right now, but you must give me Will’s number. »
«You’re a blackmailer. »
«Ok, if that’s what you think…» Paolo pretended to hang up. 
«Wait, you’re right, I want to know. »
Paolo smiled. «Women…»
«But swear to me that you won’t do anything foolish if I give you Will’s number. »
«I swear» he answered solemnly. 
So, he told her everything, after she promised that she wouldn’t tell Eva. Corinne understood that their relationship had become more relaxed, as was confirmed by Paolo’s ironic tone. He just wanted Will’s help, to speed up Eva’s surgery in London. So, she gave him that number light-heartedly. 
Will received the unexpected call from Paolo. As soon as he heard the reason, he said he would be happy to help them out and promised to do what he could to speed up the arrangements for the surgery. He also promised to respect Paolo’s wishes that Will should remain in the shadows and Eva wasn’t to know anything about their agreement. Will was still grateful for how Paolo had treated him in Italy.
It was hard to convince Eva to go back to Great Britain, but finally she gave in, she had no choice. She had to undergo the routine allergy tests for the new anaesthetic and then, if everything went well, she could make arrangements for the surgery. Paolo, however, couldn’t accompany her because he had a very important business event that he couldn’t miss.
Eva went alone and everything had been organized by Will and Paolo. Her husband had told her that Andrea had done everything. When she arrived in London, Eva took a taxi to the hotel. The car drove through the city and as she looked out the window, memories overwhelmed her, just as she had suspected they would. She obviously thought about Will with tenderness and bitterness. She arrived at the hotel troubled. She went to her room and watched TV to pass the time. Then, she confirmed the appointment that she had the next day, with the doctor’s secretary. 
The following morning, she was examined by the doctor and underwent all the tests. Everything went smoothly so she booked the surgery. After two weeks, she would come with her husband and put an end to the story. 
When she got to the hotel, she called Paolo and reassured him.
«Everything went fine, in two weeks we can come back for the surgery, so make sure you get your one-week holiday. Tell me something, how much did you spend for this trip? You got me a first-class plane ticket and you booked me into a five-star hotel in the centre of London. Are you crazy? »
«Don’t think about money now… just make sure you come back home safely» Paolo said, evasive and nervous. He was indebted to Will but with gratitude, he had thought about everything and covered all the expenses.




Chapter37


After talking to Paolo and her children, Eva wanted to take the first flight home if it were possible, but she had to wait for the next day. She remained in her room until she realized that she was very hungry. She was in the centre of London, so she thought of going to Betty’s, if it still existed, for a steak or a hot dog. Yes! It would be a blast from the past, that so light-hearted past. 
She called a taxi and as soon as she arrived at the pub, that was still there, she felt catapulted back in time. The street, the movement, the cheerful laughs of the young people outside… everything was like thirty years ago. Nostalgia gave her an unexpected physical pain and she felt a knot in her stomach. She closed her eyes for a moment, paid the taxi driver and got out.
She noticed that the sign was new, it was a huge Betty’s with red neon lights instead of the old meagre metallic one. When she entered, memories rushed back, their laughs, their kisses, their feelings and the moment when Will had given her the engagement ring in the corner of the pub that was now occupied by a young couple having a romantic date. Eva stood still at the door, overwhelmed. 
«Come on in M’am, are you here to have dinner or just a drink? » a man with greying hair asked her. 
«Mark, it’s you! No… I can’t believe it. You still work here. »
«My God… Maggie. What a pleasure! What an honour, you haven’t changed at all! » Mark shook her hand joyfully. He had become the owner of the pub and hadn’t forgotten Will, Steve, Corinne and Eva, faithful regular clients of many years ago. While they exchanged information about their lives, Eva saw the poster of the film It’s all London’s Fault and Mark noticed that she was touched. 
«You’re among my unforgettable customers, the least I could do was give you a place of honour on the main wall » he said jokingly. Eva laughed with him and she sensed that it was also useful to help advertise the pub. 
«Come, I’ll give you the best table. » He was happy to see her. «Tonight, you’re my guest. » He took her to a corner table and gave her the menu. It was different from the old one, but the dishes were more or less the same. Eva ordered steak, French fries and all the available sauces. Then, Mark sat down for some time with her. He wanted to know why she was in London, so Eva told him about her misadventures with her arm. 
«If you need anything, please call me and when you come back for the surgery, I expect you to come for dinner, of course. »
«Thanks, Mark, I’ll remember that. »
Mark returned to his job pleased about his special guest. While Eva enjoyed the background music of the eighties, she decided to go to the ladies’ room to wash her hands and have a look around to see the changes that had been made over the years.  In fact, the restrooms were no longer in the same place and a waiter indicated that they were under the spiral staircase. When she was at the right of the stairs, she saw that there were some tables on the second floor, the pub had expanded. She was fascinated by the new furbishing and while she was admiring the wooded stairway, she bumped into a man who was on his way to the toilets too. 
«Sorry! » Eva said immediately. The man turned around in the shadow, lit up only by the sign “Restrooms”. Two eyes met Eva’s and she felt her heart stop. She couldn’t breathe, she couldn’t hear the music or the voices anymore, it was like a total blackout. 
The man was Will. 
They stood still, both shocked by that fortuitous and unbelievable encounter. Eva felt her legs like jelly and she needed to lean against the wall.
«Maggie…» he managed to say. 
«Will» Eva whispered. Twenty years had passed since the baptism at Corinne’s house. For long and endless moments, they just let their emotions communicate while they stood there looking at each other. Eva noticed how much time had passed when she saw Will’s grey hair and the wrinkles that lined his face, just as he must have noticed the extra weight that was now on her body.
But they were still themselves.
The two kids who used to hang out at that same pub when they were broke. It was there that they kissed for the first time and had exchanged promises of everlasting love. Those memories had inadvertently guided them to that place that evening, when fate had decided it was time for them to meet again. 
A tear rolled down Eva’s cheek and he dried it with his finger. His touch made her shiver. Eva blocked his hand, trying to stop that feeling, but then she tightened it. The world around them stopped. There was silence around them while their hands intertwined against their will. The contact had rekindled the old alchemy, they bonded under the push of an invisible energy. Endless moments followed, until Will sighed deeply opening his mouth and leaning his head back. He was trying to break the spell and give each other time to recover.
«Where… are you sitting? »
Eva pointed at her seat, still unable to speak.
«I’ll join you in five minutes. Go ahead» he said calmly and Eva obeyed as if in a trance. 
She was in London, at Betty’s and with Will. No… she had to wake up sooner or later and laugh at her dream. She went back to her table, forgetting that she had gotten up to wash her hands. 
She drank her beer in one gulp, forgetting the devastating effect alcohol had on her. Shortly after, Will arrived. She wasn’t dreaming…
William was wearing blue jeans, a white shirt and a casual blue jacket. His body was still youthful, unchanged, except for a bit of weight around his hips. His hair that once was black and shiny, was now slightly streaked with grey and a bit dull. He had some wrinkles on his face, but he was still handsome. To be honest, he was more charming than in the past. His eyes had a different light, as if there was a new “awareness” and mirrored his past life and foolishness. He sat in front of Eva and looked at her. He was still incredulous. 
«It’s really great to see you again! »
«Will… I… I…, forgive me, but I’m shocked and… speechless, I feel like crying, how silly of me. » She dried her tears that had ruined her make-up.
«You are… you’re still the same, you are gorgeous. »
«Thanks, but I don’t think so. Besides, after what I’ve been through recently…» She was slowly starting to put some words together, but she was finding it difficult, Will still had a magic power over her. He had always had it in the past and always would, regardless of their choices and lives. It wasn’t necessary to show it now. 
«What happened to you? » he asked awkwardly, trying not to show that he knew everything. Eva told him about her misadventures, he listened to her in silence, but was actually thinking of something else. 
«Are you… alone? » Eva asked.
«Yes, but I’ve already had dinner, I’m just here for a beer. You know… I didn’t feel like staying at home this evening. » He had hoped that Eva would go to Betty’s, that’s why he was there. Destiny had wanted them to meet. 
Mark brought Eva her steak, and when he saw Will sitting in front of her, he was taken aback and stood there with the plate in his hands. 
«Hi, Mark, what’s happening? You looked shocked» Will said. 
«No, no… sorry, William, it’s that… if someone had told me that this evening, I would have both of you here for dinner at the same table … I wouldn’t have believed it. » They both laughed. Mark had helped break the ice. However, someone was giving them envious looks from the counter, it was the same person of many years ago, during a particular afternoon in July…
«Hey, everyone» the voice burst out. Many people turned around to look at her. «This is not an evening like all the others» she continued, getting up and catching everyone’s attention. 
«We have honoured to have two exceptional guests» she slurred and turned to look at Eva and Will. The woman was clearly drunk, she had and expression full of an old resentment that had never soothed and that had become hate for Will.
It was Sandy, or what was left of her. Eva hardly recognized the drunk and knackered woman, with messy platinum blonde hair, who was hugging a bottle. She had had many men, but she had always wanted only Will since high school. Sex had been the main ingredient of their relationship at the beginning and it was sex that had brought them together after Will’s separation from Eva. Seeing them together again reawakened her old feelings of resentment and her jealousy of Eva. 
«Let’s toast to true love! That one that never dies» She indicated the poster of the film on the wall with her full glass, then the beautiful couple. 
Sandy knew that Eva was no longer with Will, and she had seen her with Paolo in Paris, she also knew that she had gotten married. She was just seeking revenge, an attempt to make people believe that they were having an affair, especially to harm Eva. 
Everyone looked incredulously at the couple of once-famous celebrities in silence. Eva was embarrassed, Will seemed surprised also, but he was used to all kinds of surprises around him and smiled at the clapping people. He invited Eva to get up and indulge their audience. 
There were toasts and cheers, Will smiled but Eva wanted to die, but she went along with him, relying on what he was doing. 
«Thanks, Sandy» Will said addressing her but, in reality, he was looking at the audience. «But… you see, age sometimes makes us forgetful and you’ve forgotten that Eva and I are here to be interviewed for an article about the 20th anniversary of our film, that’s why Eva is here in London. I told you … » he coughed «but maybe before you went up to the counter for a drink…» His comment was followed by the noise of low laughs. 
«Wait… sorry…» he then said hitting his forehead. «You’re right… sorry! I’m getting older too and I had a slip of memory. It wasn’t you… but another woman whom I told…» He pretended to clear his voice from the embarrassment. He frowned sarcastically, pleased with himself and said «There are too many of you women! »
There was a roar of laughter and clapping. 
He had tried to remedy the situation. Sandy left, with a sad expression because she hadn’t succeeded in her attempt to ruin their encounter. Will greeted the customers who were around him and sat down again, imitated by everyone. Obviously, some of them had taken pictures with their mobiles. 
«Will, my stomach is closed. Help me finish this because I can’t…» Eva said worriedly. 
«Ok, let’s eat together and in ten minutes, when people are distracted, do what I tell you» Will said seriously. He knew all the tactics to get out of dangerous situations like that one. It was Sandy’s fault. 
«Let’s leave» he said. «Someone could have called the reporters. »
Eva hadn’t thought about it as she had been away from that world for so long. 
They left from the back door, helped by Mark, who thanked and hugged them many times. They found themselves walking down a secondary street of London, next to each other, as in the past. The silence between them became disturbing and Will decided to break it. 
He stopped, turned to look at Eva and put his hands on her shoulders. Eva was out of breath. She felt as if she were a spectator at a film, watching herself, waiting for someone to suggest the lines or wake her up from the unbelievable situation.
«Why didn’t you come back after your grandmother’s death? Why did you abandon me without a word? »
It was the question that Will had wanted to ask her for twenty years. He asked her bluntly, and for Eva it was like a cold shower.
«Oh, Will, do you really want to talk about this now? We have so many things to tell each other. Twenty years of our lives and you… you’re asking me to open my old wounds again? »
«Yes, you owe it to me, you’ve owed it to me for twenty years. »
It was clear that he had never forgiven her. So, he wanted to put an end to it all that evening when fate has reserved for them a chance to put an end to their unfinished story. She needed closure as well because all those years Eva had tried not to think about him, living with a sense of discomfort, a torment that she didn’t want admit to herself, but that she knew well. Their important love story didn’t have a conclusion, a final explanation, and that had not let her live her new life serenely. There was something that was still open and it was time to close it. 
«Will… Oh, Will…» she said shaking, aware that they were both at a crucial point in their lives. 
Suddenly, a speeding car drove up near them, slowed down and the flash of a camera hit them. Then, it moved away quickly. 
«Damn it, they took our picture! Let’s leave Maggie. My house is nearby, let’s run. » Eva understood that he was afraid of reporters and ran after him. They reached a luxurious building and went inside quickly. 
«Do you live here now? » Eva asked. 
«Yes, but elsewhere too. Let’s say that I don’t have a permanent home, but this is my favourite flat. »
They took the lift up to the last floor and when the doors opened Eva saw a wonderful penthouse. 
«Please, come in» he said.
«Thanks» Eva said excitedly. She moved around shily as if she were walking on a minefield. 
«Relax and sit down» he told her, sensing her anxiety. 
He prepared two drinks, without asking her if she wanted it. He offered her a glass knowing she needed it. After many years, Eva in fact felt the need to drink something strong. 
«Now, answer my question» he said. 
Eva sat on the couch. «Will, you know very well that you had chosen a life that I didn’t agree with. However, I respected your choice, but not to the point that I had to follow your example. You wanted me to become what I wasn’t and you seemed oblivious of everything because of your success, you didn’t understand how much I was suffering. I couldn’t bear that damn world made of parties, reporters and spotlights, whereas you, instead, seemed to be so happy. You knew that my nervous system had started to suffer. It was impossible for me to go on that way, I just needed to get away…»
«Yes. Without any doubt, I was wrong in thinking that you could share my same experiences, when you weren’t the kind of person who could do it. But I loved you more than any other thing in the world. If you had asked me, if you had put me in front of a choice… if you had come back to tell me to choose between you and my career, I would have chosen you. That’s what I wanted to tell you when you refused to come to the phone. Evidently, that’s what you were afraid of and you preferred to disappear like a coward. You didn’t love me as much as I loved you» he said bitterly. 
«You’re wrong» Eva answered, getting up. «I knew that if I had given you an ultimatum, you would have chosen me, I didn’t want to ruin your life and be the cause of the end of your damn career. I loved you too much. I knew how much you cared about it. I didn’t want you to regret it someday and hold against me the fact that I had asked you to give it up. I couldn’t bear the idea of having you at all costs, even at the cost of making you unhappy. True love also means to let a person go if you really love them. »
Eva started crying and couldn’t stop. What she had kept inside for more than twenty years, at that moment, exploded impetuously, and Will did the same, yelling at her. 
«You decided for both us, you should have let me make my own choice. » He poured another drink and guzzled it down while tears continued to roll down Eva’s cheeks. 
«Will, what’s the point of this argument after twenty years? »
He didn’t look at her for a while, but then he turned around to face her and his anger faded leaving room for tenderness. «You’re right, forgive me, but… you know… I’ve suffered a lot…» He moved away, pretending to look for something to hide his tears. 
They were both wrong and they had both been very much in love with each other. This was the truth. Eva went up to him and stared at him. To see him crying was unbearable for her, even after twenty years. 
«Come on, enough, please. » 
Will recovered, he couldn’t bear to see Eva cry either and he dried the tears with a light touch of his fingers. Again, Eva stopped his hands that were caressing her face and he squeezed her hands between his. Finally, they hugged. His perfume… Eva felt his hands on her hips, just like in the past. She shivered and felt like fainting. 
«Will… I feel… I’m going to faint. Maybe, I shouldn’t have had that drink. Beer, whisky… I’m not used to it anymore. » She abandoned herself in his arms, a victim of a dangerous combination of alcohol and strong emotions. 
Will saw that she was faint, picked her up in his arms and brought her to his bed. He tried to wake her and Eva opened her eyes. 
«Oh, Maggie, for God’s sake, how are you? »
«Don’t worry, Will… I just need to sleep…» She closed her eyes. 
Will hugged her and Eva felt him worriedly put his ear on her breasts to listen to her heart. Then, he took off her shoes, covered her with a tartan blanket and lay down near her in that luxurious king-sized bed. Eva looked at him once more before falling asleep. He was watching her as if he still couldn’t believe his eyes and was trying to convince himself of what he saw.
Will didn’t sleep. He was overwhelmed by his memories and conflicting feelings, starting with his sense of guilt towards Paolo to whom he had made a promise and broken it, now even enjoying his wife’s company. Despite all his relationships after her, he knew that she had a special place in his heart and maybe, Eva was the only one who had the right to lay in his bed with him. Then, he realized that Eva was a married woman, she belonged to another man who loved her and whom she loved.
That night was long for him, he had got up and laid back down many times, tormenting himself. He thought about his life, as if it were a film. He felt hot and then cold. He poured another whisky and walked back and forth in his room while tormenting himself as if he were at an important crossroad. He sensed that, that long night was going to bring a definite change in his life. 
He had lived day by day all these past years, dissolutely, all the way to the everlasting present. He had hidden behind his regrets and the pain for having lost Eva, unable to face life. She had courageously turned her life around. That night, he realized that it was time to make an important decision, whether to continue to hide behind his memory or start living. He knew he was running extremely late, but he still had time to give a sense to his hopeless life. Finally, exhausted, he had fallen asleep fully dressed near Eva, under the same blanket, with his hand on her tummy, like in a distant night under the tree on the hill.






Chapter38


The following morning, Eva opened her eyes, unaware of where she was. A dim light filtered through the curtains. She sat up when she remembered that she was in Will’s house. She turned to her side, saw him sleeping soundly near her, under the same blanket, and panicked. What had happened? She looked under the blanket, they were still both dressed, but it wasn’t enough. She remembered that she had felt sick because of the alcohol then had fallen asleep. Could she be suffering from amnesia? 
«Will! » she shouted, shaking him. «Wake up! » Unbelievable! She had spent the night with Will. She immediately thought about Paolo and felt a lump in her throat. 
«Good morning» she heard his voice behind her. 
«Good morning» she said gloomily, sitting on the bed.
Will laughed, sensing the reason of her distress, and decided to rub it in. He turned towards the opposite side of the bed. «It was wonderful! »
«What… was wonderful? » Eva asked uneasily. 
«Oh, come on, don’t tell me that you don’t remember? » he answered having fun. 
«Will… don’t mock me, please…»
«I’m not joking» he said caressing her shoulder. Eva turned to look at him. She felt terrible. She wasn’t used to having a man near her who wasn’t Paolo. Will understood. 
«Nothing happened, relax, I was just joking, but it doesn’t mean that something can’t happen. The fact is that I promised your husband…» He stopped when he realized that he had let too much slip out.
«What did you promise… and what about you and my husband? » Eva asked inquisitively. 
«Maggie, I never lie to you and I don’t want to lie now either. » He told her what happened, starting from Corinne’s call and finishing with the help that Paolo asked him for with her surgery in London. Eva was stunned and listened carefully to the end while leaning against the pillow and staring at the ceiling. 
«You plotted behind my back. You thought you could fool me! » she said, while still staring at the ceiling. 
«No one tried to fool you, you’re wrong! » he immediately answered, holding her when she tried to get up. 
«Let me go. »
He didn’t let go of her but he blocked her with his strength and got dangerously closer. 
«We were careful not to trouble you, we went beyond our old rivalries, and I assure you that we both swallowed bitter pills for your sake, but I see that… you don’t deserve it» he said seriously and nervously. 
Eva pondered over what he said while looking at him. She was in his bed and they very close to each other. Troubled by his decisive manner, she understood that he was pleased about what was happening and had done everything he could for this outcome of events. Fate had decided that everything had to end up on Will’s bed. Neither of them was guilty, certainly not her. 
They looked at each other again: Will’s eyes were piercing, burning and showed his desire. Eva felt it through his hands that tightened her shoulders. 
«You’re hurting my arm» she said. It wasn’t true. His hands were causing uncontrollable feelings in her. He softened his grip and it was worse because it became a caress. Her arm didn’t hurt at all instead she was overwhelmed by all those familiar emotions of thirty years ago. Will’s touch had awakened them all with the help of that same perfume he wore many years before, when she had fallen in love with him. 
Eva tried desperately to distract him and distract herself, so she asked «Hadn’t they stopped producing your perfume? »
«Yes, they had, now I produce it. »
Eva had just made the situation worse. Not only was Will not distracted, but that comment had excited him even more. He lay down near her, his body touching Eva’s, his hand slipped down her curves, touching her breasts and her hip. Her body relaxed against her will.
«Will… please, stop or… we’ll regret it » she managed to say before it was too late. He put his fingers on her lips opening them, as he had done many times in the past. Eva’s heart was pumping with excitement, when she suddenly looked at the clock on the wall.
«My flight! » she shouted. «I missed it! » She had her hands on her mouth.   
«At what time was it? » Will asked.
«At 9.40 a.m., it’s 10.30 a.m.! My God! Paolo… he’ll be trying to get in touch with me! What do I tell him now? » She then looked around for her bag. «Where’s my bag? » she asked Will, pretending to strangle him.
He laughed. «Do you really think that I care about your damn bag while you’re here with me?»
Eva knew that face, he was happy she had lost her flight, but it wasn’t his fault. Eva got up and felt a stabbing pain her arm. 
«Damn it! » she exclaimed. 
«Calm down, move slowly. I’ll get your bag. » He got up too. He was barefoot, but he still had on his trousers and shirt from the evening before. Eva felt reassured, nothing could have happened during the night. She touched her shirt and found the buttons still closed, her jeans were zipped and her belt was fastened. 
Will came into the room with her bag and caught her by surprise while she was checking her clothes. He flashed his legendary smile at her. 
«Here, silly! » he said giving her the bag. 
Eva looked for her mobile and saw that there were five missed calls. Obviously, they were from Paolo. She fell back on the bed. 
«Call him» Will said «and reassure him. Tell him that you’re ok and that you are only… in my bed. » While he said it, he looked at her frowning and with a smile went to the bathroom. 
«You’re my everlasting downfall» Eva yelled at him.
She immediately called Paolo to inform him that she had missed her flight because she had overslept. It was the truth, with some careful omissions. 
«What will you do now? » her husband asked her. 
«I’ll do everything I can to book the next flight. I don’t want to stay in this city any longer» she said with a strange tone. 
«Ok, we’re here waiting for you. » Her place was there, Eva thought looking at her phone, with him and their children. She loved Will, but she didn’t want to make any more mistakes in her life. 
Will came out of the bathroom nonchalantly in his bathrobe, as he had done many times in front of her in the past. Eva instead was embarrassed, knowing he was naked. Will smiled again. 
«I won’t rape you, don’t worry» he said enjoying the banter. «Go to the bathroom, go ahead, and if you need a change, there are women’s clothes in my wardrobe. »
«Do they belong to your latest girlfriend? »
«You’ll find it strange, but no, they belong to my mother. She left them there for when she comes to visit me. »
Eva saw one of his mother’s pictures on the dresser. She was in her seventies, still gorgeous and with a perfect body. She went to the bathroom to freshen up, then went back into the room, refreshed her make-up and was about to brush her hair when Will blocked her hand from behind.
«You can’t brush your hair with your arm in pain let me do it for you. » She let him do it, watching him in the mirror. When he finished, he looked at Eva’s image in the mirror once more. «You’re gorgeous, time didn’t touch you. » He looked down, pensively, then added «Let’s go look for a new flight ticket for Italy. » He stretched his hand out and Eva took it. 
Despite the night spent in the same bed, nothing had happened between them and nothing would ever happen, Eva thought at that point.





Chapter39


They drove out of the underground garage in Will’s car. It was a precaution because often there were reporters in front of the building. They immediately went to the hotel to check out and they asked if there was a room available for Eva while she waited to get on the next flight. Luckily, there were free rooms, then Will brought her to an elegant office that Eva found out was his. The secretary was surprised to see them together. 
«Good morning, but you… you’re… Mrs. Nero! » she said, stunned. 
«Yes, that’s me, good morning. »
«Can I help you, Mr. Stuart? » she then asked Will, trying to regain a professional tone. 
«There’s an important thing for you to do immediately. Purchase a ticket for the first available flight to Rome. Any price, ok? As soon as you find something, call me. »
«It shall be done. » She hesitated for a moment then said «Mr. Stuart? » 
«What? » Will answered, already at the door with Eva. 
«One ticket or… two? » 
Will smiled first at Eva and then at his secretary, who blushed. 
«Twenty years ago, I would have said two, and without return. Now, just one. »
All those who met them, looked at them incredulously. No one expected that old couple to show up together again. Once they were in the car, Will said «I’m hungry and I’ve got an idea. » He looked at Eva, satisfied. 
«I’m hungry too. I haven’t eaten anything since yesterday at lunch. » Eva realized. 
«Well, let’s have a picnic. »
«What? All right then. » Eva accepted without understanding. 
Will called Mark at Betty’s and ordered all of his best take-away dishes, saying that they would be arriving in a few minutes. Will entered the pub alone and came out with a big bag full of food and beverages. He returned to his car and they left, Eva didn’t know for where, but she noticed that he took a junction leading out of the city. 
He drove fast just as he used to do in the past. He was silent behind his sunglasses and gushed a new irresistible charm brought on by maturity. As if what he had when he was young wasn’t enough. His big hands tightened the steering wheel and Eva was startled when she saw a scar on his left hand. He had probably gotten it during the fight with Paolo, she thought. 
She closed her eyes remembering that event and turned towards the window. Eva recognized the road: they were going towards their old college. She started to get emotional again. Shortly after they arrived at the hill behind the college. 
«Get out, come on» Will said, after parking on a dirt road. 
They walked in silence along the old path, both overwhelmed by their memories, until they saw their wonderful tree. It had become higher and more luxuriant than it was in the past. Eva stopped to look at it and admired its foliage that was now majestic, a suitable witness of a great love like theirs. Again, she couldn’t breathe, she had a lump in her throat and she wanted to cry. She stood still for some moments, then Will took her hand and started walking again, hand in hand, like the two kids of the past. When they reached the tree, they put a blanket down along with the food and beverages. The sun warmed them and there was no one around. 
«It’s so peaceful here, it’s beautiful, isn’t it, Will? » Eva said sitting down and looking around.
«Yes. »
Eva looked at him, his blue eyes were the same colour of the horizon. 
«This is where I saw you the first time, that day you were jogging. » His voice was sad. «Do you still run? »
«Does my body look like I still run? »
«Why not? You’re not a skinny young girl anymore, but you still have an athletic body and you’re still gorgeous. » He looked at her. It seemed that his eyes were sharing with her some parts of the sky. 
«Do you remember when we spent the night here, under the stars? » he asked. Eva hadn’t forgotten anything, not one moment of that wonderful summer, but it was painful for her to talk about it. Everything was still alive inside her, too much.
«Will…» she said, crossing her legs and changing the subject «yesterday evening you were nervous, almost furious, it seemed that you were angry with me for how our relationship ended. This morning, instead, you are serene although a bit sad. »
Will became serious and looked at the horizon again. 
«You’re right. Yesterday evening I was the man I have been in the last twenty years, a restless soul. Today, you might think that it’s absurd, but after talking to you, after having thought about lots of things during the night, while you were sleeping near me… well, this morning something has changed. I realize that I must change many things about myself if I want to survive. I should have done it a long time ago. I love you, but you can’t be my excuse not to face life. In order to get over our love story, I probably really needed to hear what you said to me last night. Maybe, I was just hiding behind that old resentment to avoid… living. »
«It was useful for me too to argue with you, once again » Eva realized. She needed to be honest. «I turned over a new leaf a long time before you. I got married, had two children and I lived everything with joy, but I must say that there has always been a void in my soul. There are things that I’ve never forgiven myself» she said.  
It was a solemn moment. «I think… I think that I owe you an apology. I should have come back to London one more time, in our house, and for more than one reason. I didn’t do it and I refused to talk to you. I’ve paid a price for that. All these years I’ve been carrying around the guilt for my cowardly behaviour. » She paused. She needed to stop. The night they spent together was leaving a mark in Will’s life, but the moment that followed left a mark in hers. 
«Can you… forgive me? »
They looked at each other. 
«Yes. »
Eva looked down, moved. They were both living a liberating moment. Her remorse and that forgiveness freed her soul from all the clouds that had accompanied her for many years. Will caressed her face. 
«We must forgive each other and our past should not stop us from continuing to live our lives as well as we deserve. You’re already at a good point in your life but I’m behind. I’ve been living a life without rules, hiding behind my pain of having lost you. I’ve had many women, always looking for meaningless relationships. Now that I’m fifty, I’m alone and no longer have a passion for my job. I’m rich, it’s true, but I realize that it’s all meaningless. » Eva touched his arm, to comfort him.
«Will, you’ve still got time. Don’t throw the rest of your life away without building anything. All these years I’ve followed your life in the newspapers. You gave a completely fake image of yourself. You let people believe that you’re a superficial man, but I know that it’s not so. »
«I know, I know and I took advantage of it. I hid behind my public image not to show my unhappiness. I think something will change now. » He turned to look at her again. He was very moved. «I love you so much, Maggie, and I’ll love you forever, remember that. »
«I love you too… Will. » She instinctively got closer to him and put her head on his shoulder. He hugged her, closed his eyes and pushed Eva’s face against his chest. They lay on the grass in each other’s arms, in the shadow of the tree while the sun warmed the air, and Eva didn’t resist. They had once again left their worlds behind and it was just the two of them under a tree after almost thirty years. Eva didn’t think about Paolo and her children. They enjoyed their hug and it was their way to release their troubled and suffering souls. Eva realized that at that moment, out of the blue, she had managed to get rid of her inner turmoil.





Chapter40


«I’m hungry» Eva said after one hour. «Did you sleep? » she asked raising her head from Will’s chest.
Their faces were very close and he looked into her eyes. Many years had passed and they were older, but the wrinkles on his face only added to his charm, as usual, men in general seemed to age better than women. Mother Nature was so unfair! 
«No, I didn’t sleep, but my soul finally rested after a long time» he said roughly, while looking at Eva, the wind was blowing through her hair, covering her face. He moved some strands away and held them and her head gently. The touch of his hands and his penetrating gaze made Eva feel excited again in every fibre of her body. Will stretched towards her and put his lips on hers. They kissed slowly at first, but then he took all her hair in one hand and pulled her towards him with the other and their old passion made them moan. 
Eva lost herself in that kiss that immediately became passionate. Will’s hands started roaming all over her body, quickly, bringing back sensations and emotions from the past, and his caresses knocked down any attempt of hers to resist. 
At that moment, though, Eva understood that those hands, those arms that were embracing her, didn’t belong to the man she loved. The man who was causing her excitement was no longer the man she loved, but the one from her past. Eva blocked his hands and moved away from him. 
«No, Will, no! » she said, gasping. «It would only be a huge mistake for both of us and can only cause more suffering. Let’s enjoy this newly found serenity without making more mistakes…»
«Maggie… yes… maybe you’re right…» he said bringing his hands to his face and then through his hair, as if to recover from the fire that had rekindled. There were moments of silence then he sat up. 
He winked at her. «Ok, let’s eat or… I’ll eat you! »
They ate with gusto as if to compensate for the abstinence they had chosen. They chatted and reminisced like two simple old friends, but between them there was still a magical bond. Will’s mobile rang and they came back to reality. It was his secretary telling him that she had found a flight to Rome for the day after. She had had to wait for a place to be freed from the waiting list. 
Eva sent a message to Paolo to tell him of her arrival, and that she would call him later. However, she felt guilty for what had just happened between her and Will, even if it was just for a few moments, and she just couldn’t talk to Paolo now. She told Will how she felt.
«Maggie, don’t be silly, please! Do you realize that you are one of the few women who sleeps in the bed of the man she’s attracted to, a man who is her ex-boyfriend, and doesn’t make love with him? You even manage to feel guilty about nothing. You have no idea how unscrupulous many women and men are. You’ve remained attached to a sense of loyalty that no longer exists.»
«You say that because you’ve been to bed with a certain kind of women who look for fame and money, certainly not love. Loyalty still exists, you’re wrong. It depends on…»
«Ok, but Paolo can only be proud of you. It won’t be one last kiss to change things, after everything that we had together in the past» he smiled then became serious. 
«We didn’t make love, and… believe me, it meant a lot to me. »
It was true. Eva would have wanted to surrender and make love with Will like when they were young, and Paolo would have never known, but she didn’t and she was happy that she had made the right choice. 
After a short tour around the old college, they went back to London at sunset. Will accompanied Eva to the hotel and promised to pick her up to have dinner together at Betty’s one last time. 
That evening at the pub they chatted non-stop. Will wanted to know everything about his old Italian friends of whom he had wonderful memories. They also talked about Corinne and Steve, who had become a successful writer and producer, and about their first daughter who had already played a part in Will’s films. They decided to call them.
«Steve, hi, it’s William» he said on the phone.
«Hey, my friend, what a pleasure» Steve answered. 
«You’ll never guess who is here with me» he then said, while smiling at Eva.
«Come on, don’t talk in riddles. You’re at Betty’s, aren’t you? »
«Very good guess, but that was easy, now tell me with whom. »
«With a terrific blonde woman who wants to love you for the rest of your life? »
«Better, much better. »
«With your mother? »
«With all due respect for my mother… even better. »
«Oh, Will, what can I say! With Duchess Kate? »
«Evan better, with Maggie! »
Silence followed. 
«Will… you’re joking, aren’t you? »
«No, not at all. Wonderful, isn’t it? »
«Will…» Steve said with the tone of voice of a priest who is waiting for the confession of terrible sins. «What did you do? » He sat down in his sitting room in Paris, afraid to hear the answer. 
«Relax, she didn’t break up with her husband and I don’t think she ever will, at least not for me. It’s a long story… and you started it. »
Steve felt his blood freeze. Then, Will explained everything in detail. 
«Will, that’s great but… when does Maggie leave? »
«Tomorrow. »
«Very good» he said relieved. 
«What are you afraid of, you old bear? »
«I expected the worst! »
«I told you that we slept together but that nothing happened, didn’t I? »
«Until now, I would say. Only until now. She must leave and stay away from you. »
Those were wise words coming from their friend, Eva thought. 
She had to leave, and as soon as possible. They greeted Corinne too and promised to keep in touch.
When Eva and Will left the restaurant, they had the impression that they saw a flash, but there was no suspicious car around. 
Will looked at her intensely and said «Do you want to go to the hotel or… my place? »
«Take me to the hotel» Eva said. 
Will didn’t object, thinking about what Steve had said. 
So, they each slept in their separate beds, but it was a long sleepless night for both of them. 

At the airport, the next day, it was time to say goodbye. They looked at each other and realized that the pain of having to say farewell was intense.
«Thanks for everything, Will » Eva said with a broken voice.
«Thank to you… dear, unique, Maggie. »
Eva didn’t want that moment to become dramatic, so she shook his hand quickly and turned to leave, immediately. 
He watched her leave, behind his sunglasses, the way he had done so many years ago in that same airport. While Eva was walking away, she felt a knot in her throat and started crying. She stopped and turned around one last time. She had the feeling that Will was calling her. She didn’t know how, but she sensed that she could magically hear his voice. 
She ran towards him, kissed him on his lips and hugged him tight. She felt his soft lips opening for their kiss. A few moments… time enough to be pervaded by his perfume one last time, then she ran away, aware that she had finally closed the last act of their love story that had been left incomplete for twenty years.





Chapter41


Eva was very tired after all the recent events and a restless night, so she slept soundly during the flight. She woke up during the landing, which was one the worst she had ever experienced. The aircraft touched the ground violently, frightening her. She was in Italy, she found Paolo waiting for her at the exit and he ran towards her and hugged her.
«My love, how are you?  Finally, you’re here » he said. 
«I’m well, thanks. » She was a bit detached. Paolo took her trolley and smiled at her. He was so happy that she had come back. Eva stopped him and hugged him again. 
«Hey, did you miss me so much? » he said, puzzled by her affection. Eva didn’t answer, but remained that way for some moments. She felt that she had returned to her rightful place, in the arms of the man she loved, and that everything was over with Will. She had finally gotten rid of her turmoil and there was only a sense of uneasiness due to the last hours spent with Will that Paolo didn’t know about. She felt guilty for having kissed and hugged Will.  
«Let’s go home» Paolo said, taking her hand. 
Eva remained silent in the car and Paolo became suspicious. 
«What did you do yesterday? » he asked.
«A walk around London» she answered evasively, looking outside the window.
Paolo probably understood that it was useless to insist, it was clear that Eva didn’t want to talk about it. He also remembered that she had been in London, a city where she had suffered much pain in the past, so she was probably strange for that reason. His mind rejected the idea that something else could have happened. 
They walked into their house and the children immediately filled Eva’s heart with joy. They couldn’t stop hugging her and asking her questions about London. Eva gave them the two stuffed bears dressed like English guards that she had bought for them at the airport. Their enthusiasm made her really happy, they were the wonderful result of her choice to come back to Italy. 

She returned to London for her surgery, this time accompanied by Paolo, and she found it very difficult. The surgery went very well, but it was hard to be with Paolo in the same places where she had been with Will just a few days before. She had even kissed Will at the airport and it made her feel sick to be in the same place with Paolo. They returned to Italy after only two days. It was time to resume her life.
At home, she convalesced a bit more and soon recovered, finding the serenity that she had longed for. Everything seemed to be going well, when one day Paolo returned home furious. Eva was sitting on the couch reading a book and Paolo walked in slamming the door and throwing a magazine against the wall angrily.
«Are you crazy, what happened? » Eva asked, frightened. 
«I knew it… I knew it… Oh, I’m such an idiot! I trusted that superficial arrogant womanizer thinking that time could have changed him. It’s impossible to change something that is rotten…» He was furious and Eva was stunned. 
«You…» he added, pointing his index finger at her, but he didn’t finish what he wanted to say. He probably stopped before he could say horrible things. He looked at his wife with burning eyes, turned around and left slamming the door once again. 
Eva remained still, as if she were paralyzed, then suspiciously ran to pick up the magazine that he had thrown on the floor. The cover had almost ripped off, but when she saw a picture of her and Will in London, in front of Betty’s, she chocked and fell back on the couch with her eyes closed. They were smiling, Will had his arm around her waist, and the headline said: Unbelievable! The once very famous couple, protagonists of the film “It’s all London’s fault”, together again after twenty years? 
Eva was uncredulous, frightened by that unexpected attack of reporters and journalists. It was like a lightning bolt in a clear blue sky.

She called Patty, crying, and asked her to come to her home. She told her everything while Patty remained on the couch, speechless. «I knew it» she whispered. 
«What did you know? What did you all know except me? » Eva yelled. 
«Eva, I knew it would happen sooner or later, and it did. I’ve been watching you all these years and I’ve followed Will’s life in the newspapers. You both had an anxiety that was never appeased. A solution had to be found, a resolution was needed and fate gave you the opportunity to see each other again and put an end to those regrets that have tormented you. However, it wasn’t without painful consequences, you’re still paying for the fame you once had. »
«I thought it was all over and instead… I’ve got another problem now and this time I don’t know how to get out of it. »
«Tell Paolo everything. »
«Everything? »
«Well, not everything, almost everything, for his sake. »
«Yes, that’s the only thing I can do. God help me! »
Paolo returned home late in the evening and seemed strangely calm, absolutely different. Eva was afraid of what he could say to her, and after a dinner where they didn’t exchange one word, they accompanied their children to bed then went to the sitting room, as usually. 
«Paolo…» Eva said with trembling voice. 
«Spare me your pitiful confession and read this» he said.
He gave her a sheet of paper, the print out of an email he had received in the afternoon. Eva saw the text written in English and felt a knot in her stomach. It was from Will’s email and she started reading it with shaking hands. 


Dear Paolo,

I’m writing this letter to you with a heavy heart, mixed with indignation and anger. I’m trying to calm down in order to find the right words. However, my life is quite different from what people imagine and even worse than I ever could have imagined. I’m alone, newspaper reporters hound me, always looking for gossip without respecting the people who get close to me. If all those years I’ve been able to hang in there despite all the foolishness written and said about me, now I think the time has come for me to take action. In the past, I took legal action against some scandal magazines, but now I’ve decided to take to court those who have invaded my privacy once again. I have the right to go about without being spied on and slandered publicly. This time I won’t forgive them for damaging my image and Eva’s. I need to apologize to you once again, this time for not having kept my promise. I met up with your wife, but please believe me when I say that it was only by chance. The photos were taken outside an old pub where we used to go in the past and where destiny wanted us to meet again. Neither of us knew that the other would have been there that evening. Someone probably alerted the reporters for who knows what kind of reward. I must confess that after having found Maggie again, I didn’t let her go and I took advantage of the opportunity that fate gave us to put an end to some unfinished business and finally find peace. I think that Eva had the same need, there’s nothing worse than leaving things unsaid and keeping it inside for a lifetime. You must have no doubt that nothing happened between us. I would be a hypocrite if I didn’t tell you that I was tempted. Your wife chose to be loyal to the man she loves, that lucky man is you. We spent a day together talking about our lives and we finally closed with our past. Today I feel like a new man. I’ve turned over a new leaf and right now I won’t let some vultures ruin my serenity and much less that of your beautiful family. I promise you that I’ll do everything I can to put an end to the stupid insinuations published in the newspapers and this last shameful intrusion in our lives. 
With esteem, William Stuart

So, Will had revealed everything in advance and written the truth, with the appropriate omissions, as Patty had suggested Eva to do, she thought. 
«Is it the truth? » Paolo asked when she looked up. 
«Of course » she said, without looking at him. 
«Why didn’t you tell me? »
«And why didn’t you tell me that you had come to an agreement with him behind my back? »
Paolo got up and put his hands in his pockets, as he always did when he was in difficulty. 
«Eva, all those years I didn’t want to admit myself what I saw…»
«What did you see? »
«It’s all London’s fault» he said with painful irony, saying the name of their film. «When I looked at you, I saw my Eva, but I also saw Maggie. How many times did I notice that you would lose yourself in some articles about him in the newspapers? How many times did I see you sad, absent-minded? Sometimes I felt you were distant, you weren’t Eva anymore, but… Maggie. I tried not to think about it, to erase certain thoughts that broke my heart. All these years I’ve lived with the fear that your great love would continue to hover like a ghost. When I saw William in tears in front of you at the hospital, looking at you while you were sleeping, I understood that I couldn’t fight against that feeling. I was certainly aware that the love of that man for you could be a threat only if you allowed it to be one. You… you love me… don’t you?»
He looked at her for a confirmation in her expression, then continued «After having seen him so lost, humble and respectful, and after having accepted his apologizes for the fight we had twenty years ago, I figured that he was different from what I imagined and I felt I could trust him. That’s why I asked him to help us, despite everything, I had faith that he would do the right thing. I didn’t tell you anything about this because I was afraid of his love for you and… afraid of that Maggie that sometimes I saw in you. »
«Oh, Paolo! Maggie hasn’t existed for twenty years now, she disappeared the moment I took your hand and we smoothed things over outside the ice-cream shop. Do you remember? »
«Yes, I believe you and I know how much you needed to see him again to put an end to the regret of having abandoned him without a word. He deserved an explanation, considering how much you loved each other. » He tightened his lips, grimacing at his own words.
«Now…» And he smiled serenely «if William’s words are true, I’ve just got to enjoy my Eva…»
He hugged and kissed her passionately and soon they decided it was best to move to their bedroom. They had every reason to make love. 

Some weeks passed and new photos appeared about their encounter in London. Magazines continued to write insinuating things about them and Eva suffered a lot for this. She saw people in the streets who looked at her and talked behind her back. It was a terrible time and everyone, including her parents and friends, asked her to explain those pictures. Eva told the truth to erase all doubts, but surely not everyone believed her. 
Paolo suffered in silence and hoped in Will’s promise to put everything to rest. One morning, while they were having breakfast in the kitchen with the radio on, as usual, they heard some news that puzzled them: “The English actor, William Stuart, has announced his marriage with a forty-year-old lawyer. It seems that the two met thanks to the charges for defamation pressed by the actor after the publication of some pictures of him and his Italian ex-girlfriend, suggesting that they were back together…”
«I think that they will finally leave us in peace, my love» Eva said. 
Paolo didn’t answer, but he was relieved by the news. 
«Have you spoken to him anymore? » he asked, afraid to hear the answer and looking elsewhere. 
«No, I haven’t. »
«So, you don’t know if this news is true or it’s one of William’s tactics to move the attention away from you two. »
«I’ll ask Corinne if it’s true. » She immediately sent a message to Corinne who confirmed that it was all true. Will had decided to change his life, he wanted to get married and have children. Corinne also said that this happened thanks to their encounter in London, and Eva was happy for him, Will deserved the serenity and happiness that he had denied himself all those years. 
«Well, I think this is the best ruse that Will could have found» Paolo said, relieved and smiling, however, the surprises weren’t finished yet.




Chapter42


A few days later, Eva received an email with a shocking proposal from an English TV manager whom she knew:


Dear Eva,

I managed to get your email address through Steve, whom I had to beg because he was afraid that I could cause you trouble after what happened in the magazines recently. Believe me, I don’t want to ask you to do anything that could harm you in any way, it’s quite the opposite. Read carefully what I have to say: in a month’s time, the BBC will broadcast the annual charity show with viewers who phone in and make donations for a very noble cause. This year the proceeds will go towards building schools in the Third World. As you know, every year celebrities participate in the show to promote the charity venture and encourage people to make donations. We can raise a higher amount by having famous guests and excellent entertainment. I’ve been asked to make sure the show is a success, and let’s get straight to the point: recently you and William were together in magazines after many years, and thanks to those stupid photos and conjectures, the sales rocketed. What happened between you two is your business, but people don’t think that way. People like to see you and think of you being in love forever, even though it’s not true. People like… TO DREAM, identifying themselves in you, always gorgeous, and in their minds, protagonists of a fairy tale. William will be one of the guests and this will certainly ensure that a lot of people will watch the show. How about you being our guest too? Please don’t say no immediately, as I’m sure you want to. Think about the positive consequences of your participation: 1) Your intervention near William will allow for one more school to be built; 2) You’ll have the possibility to deny the rumours about you. You’ll also be able to express, with live coverage, your best wishes to Will for his upcoming wedding. Don’t give me a negative answer immediately, think about it. 
Hoping to hear from you soon, Best Regards, Billy Hogan

«You, old fox, you want to throw me to the wolves again, don’t you? Well, certainly not» Eva burst out aloud. She immediately sent the email to Paolo because she didn’t want to hide anything from him anymore, and after some moments, Paolo called her. 
«Go» he told her. 
«Paolo, are you telling me that you want me to see Will again, and in front of the TV cameras?»
«In front of TV cameras, you said it, and only there, ok? What better opportunity than this one where you can tell the world that there’s nothing between you anymore and that you just met in London… to organize his wedding? »
«What? You want me to tell a lie? »
«Yes, you’ll say that you’re there to congratulate him, but you’ll add that you’ve been helping your old friend Will for a long time with his wedding plans. »
«Oh, for heaven’s sake, do you realize what you’re asking me? »
«You’ll do it, won’t you? You’ll restore your honour and my honour. William has already done a lot announcing his wedding, now it’s your time to do your part and put an end to all this gossip once and for all. »
Eva panicked, but she decided that if her husband thought it was necessary, she would do it to please him. She owed it to him.





Chapter43


Eva’s arm was ok now, she had been through a bad ordeal and now had a metallic plate in it and a scar to remind her of what had happened. The moment that frightened Eva so much arrived, the day when she would appear in front a TV camera and the whole again. 
For the event, she had bought a blue long low-necked dress by a well-known stylist, similar to one of those she used to wear at the parties in the past. Obviously, she was heavier now and wore a larger size, but she also bought a corset that suffocated her. Her hair had professionally been brought back to what it looked like when she was young, the same colour and waviness. When she looked in the mirror, Eva liked what she saw, she wasn’t bad at all, even though she wasn’t a young girl anymore, and she could be proud of her image. 
Will didn’t know anything about her presence at the event.
She arrived in London two evenings before the show, went to the rehearsals and they gave her a script. She demanded that they include her husband’s suggestion or else she wouldn’t have participated, so they agreed. The agreement also included that Will wasn’t supposed to be told anything about her participation because they wanted the element of surprise. The evening of the show, they gave her a dressing room that was quite a bit away from Will’s and asked her not to leave it. The hair-dresser, the dressmaker and the make-up artist joined her. 
In the meantime, Will went on the stage in his elegant black tuxedo. Eva followed everything from a screen in her dressing room and saw him with the TV host who was, of course, using their old love story to increase the audience. 
«Mr. Stuart, there have been many rumours going around lately about you and your ex-girlfriend, after photos of you two together in London appeared in the papers. But… you’ve shattered our hopes of a reconciliation with the announcement of your wedding. »
«Yes, some magazines, that don’t even deserve to be called that way, need to use these expedients to sell more copies, without caring if they invade someone’s privacy. »
«I understand. It’s a thorny matter, but let’s take one step back to when you were twenty and you both made everyone dream, on the screen and in real life. »
«What else is there to say? » Will sighed. 
The presenter laughed. «Well, nothing really, we’re all aware that we’re talking about past things but… everyone is entitled to dream, don’t you think? I think that the audience still identifies itself in your love story, maybe they even relive their falling in love as a teenager…»
«Of course, that’s the strongpoint of that film. »
«So, let’s enjoy a small clip of it together. »
«It’ll be a pleasure for me too. »
«Good, let’s start. »
Will had been perfect. The best scenes of It’s all London’s fault started, in which Eva and Will were in love, gorgeous and young. Of course, they also showed the heart-breaking finale where Eva and Will got married to the tune of a romantic and very successful soundtrack. 
The experts showed the scenes of the film and then focused on Will’s face, he was clearly moved at the sight of himself in his youth with Eva. The ratings went sky high, as well as the donations and the amount was updated continuously on a display in the studio. When the clip ended Will couldn’t hold back neither a frown nor a sigh that tasted of melancholy. The presenter took advantage of it, got closer to him and said «Listen, Stuart, that romantic finale made all of us dream, didn’t you maybe, at that time, dream if an ending like that with Eva? »
Will was embarrassed, he looked down, smiled while shaking his head, reaching millions of women who were watching, and after hesitating for a second he looked at the presenter and calmly said  «Yes, but life isn’t a film. »
The presenter, satisfied with his answer, moved away, turned towards his collaborators who nodded from behind the stage, and added «Good, now… you go and get her. »

In the meantime, Paolo and the children were watching TV at home, sitting on their couch.  So were Eva’s parents, as well as all her friends, who had arranged to get together at Patty’s house for the event.
Corinne and Steve, both in front of the TV in their house in Paris, were anxiously following the programme with apprehension, fearful that Eva and Will’s old love could be rekindled.
Everyone knew it was time for Eva to come on stage, everyone except Will. Their soundtrack started to play and Will was puzzled by the presenter’s last words. Behind the scene, Eva was told that it was her turn. 
Eva appeared at the top of a wonderful staircase that ran down to the stage, where Will and the presenter were, with a spotlight on her. Eva didn’t look at the audience, nor at Will, who was shocked by the surprise and went up to take her hand while there was a deafening clapping. 
Eva sighed deeply and concentrated on walking down the stairs, afraid to fall from her high heels. Her eyes met Will’s and he looked stunned but happy. She looked at the presenter then at him again, her happiness was visible and Will gave her a big smile. 
Paolo was annoyed. Eva’s friends clapped joyfully seeing her walk down that royal staircase. Her father was moved and her mother, for the first time, said «A beautiful couple, I can’t deny it.»

There were only three steps left. Will gallantly offered her his hand when she arrived on the last step.
«It’s done» Eva thought, but her damned right ankle gave in and she almost stumbled, frightened. Will, who had already grabbed her hand, held her up. Thanks to him, Eva avoided falling down. The audience didn’t notice anything and continued to clap. The soundtrack continued to accompany them on amplifying everyone’s emotions. Eva was on the stage, in front of Will. 
She froze. 
At that point, they were supposed to walk up to the presenter together, hand in hand, as they had told her during the rehearsals. Eva, though, felt paralyzed, just like she did many years ago on the red carpet in Hollywood. She couldn’t move and could only stare at Will. 
Paolo held his breath. Her parents hugged each other. Her friends in Italy, Corinne and Steve in France, all fell silent, frightened. 
«Will…» she barely could say «I can’t breathe… I’m suffocating… I’m having a panic attack.»
«Don’t think about anything and breathe. Hold my hand and smile, you’re gorgeous » he answered her while looking straight at her and tightening her hand. 
Eva sighed, miraculously relaxed and turned towards the cameras smiling while the audience that didn’t know what was going on continued to clap. 
At home, everyone exulted, while Paolo sighed, hugging his children.
«Dad, who is that man who is holding mum’s hand? » Marco asked him, angrily. 
Paolo caressed his head and looked at him, smiling. 
«A man who is finally part of the past.»



EPILOGUE
Six months later
London, “Gossip Moon” magazine
An unforgettable moment! All the jet set was present at the wedding of the year: the one between the ex-golden bachelor of cinema, William Stuart, and the gorgeous lawyer who managed to put him on the right track, and not only legally. It was a ceremony that wasn’t too different from a royal wedding and festivities similar to those of a thousand-and-one nights. So, all the ingredients were there for the beautiful fairy tale, even the visible pregnancy of the bride, who did nothing to hide it, as can be clearly seen in the photos.
Considering that we are one of the few gossip magazines that haven’t been sued by Mr. Stuart, we would like to ask some questions. Why wasn’t the person who six months before had bragged about being the organizer of the big event, present at the wedding? We’re talking about the actor’s ex-girlfriend, Eva Nero. What’s the reason for her absence? Maybe, didn’t she want to overshadow the bride with her cumbersome presence? Or is there something else? We remind you that well-informed people have suggested that Eva Nero’s announcement on TV six months ago was just an advertising stunt to help the charity programme. Anyway, we hope that the reasons for her absence aren’t important, and that the bride and groom can live happily ever after, just like in a fairy tale. That fairy tale that Mr. Stuart had said, many times in the past, would never happen in his life after the break up with the gorgeous Eva twenty years ago. The facts nowadays tell us that he was wrong. We can also say that Eva Nero’s tears, behind the stage of the above-mentioned programme and her sudden escape immediately after, had only triggered unrealistic fantasies about them, letting us continue to dream a never-ending love.

***

I hope you enjoyed it!
Please leave a review and your stars! Thank you! 
Lorena  Less

... and leave a comment on my Facebook page
Lorena Less english page
https://www.facebook.com/Lorena-Less-English-page-399075817523543/








