


I Can’t Believe My New Girlfriend is a New York City Cop
By
Leigh Madison


Smashwords Edition
















Copyright: Leigh Madison 2020





This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people even if free. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




This eBook may contain some historical events; however, they have been fictionalized. All persons appearing in this work are fictitious or names used for dramatic purposes only. Any resemblance to real people, living or dead is entirely coincidental.






I Can’t Believe My New Girlfriend is a New York City Cop


‘Oh, Damn and Blast!’


Mike Howard was working for Favorite magazine in New York City. He was hoping to seek his fame and fortune after moving from the UK just over a year ago. The fame and fortune hadn’t arrived yet but the hard work and long hours still prevailed.
To be honest, he didn’t really mind that too much because there was a good crowd working at the magazine and they soon got him into bad drinking habits on Friday’s when everyone clocked off for the weekend and let their hair down.
Today, Mike was pissed off because he’d been given the brown end of the stick by Earl Dronberger the Features Editor. He wanted to tell Earl to stick it, trouble was, it was difficult to refuse as he really needed the work and would just have to suck it up.
Worse, if you can believe it, he’d need to be on the road by four a.m. tomorrow to escape Manhattan’s rush hour before it turned his day into a complete nightmare.
Being more of a night person, Mike detested early morning starts as it found his mood was never at its best. Apparently, he’d always been that way, right from a baby, much to his poor, sleep-deprived, mother’s annoyance. He found out in later life she once told a friend, ‘…anyone that constantly keeps you up so late, soon becomes very difficult to love.’
Ouch!
Over the years, Mike’s previous girlfriends also agreed with his mother, which left a trail of doomed relationships in the rear-view mirror. Night owls are generally looked on as a nuisance.
There was a small bonus to this trip. Getting out of the city at that hour ensured it wasn’t too long before the rising summer sun came up to make the passing view a lot more interesting than the dull cloak of darkness. Away from Manhattan, New York could be quite rural and often making a journey a surprisingly pleasant one, especially in its colourful fall.
Fortunately for Mike, and a little to his surprise, the magazine stumped up the money for a rental BMW 3 Series. That meant he could leave his lovely classic Buick at home and not put unnecessary mileage on it. He loved this car as it brought him great joy, even though its chunky V8 wasn’t considered very eco-friendly these days. However, when out driving, a lot of New Yorkers or its visitors earned Mike many smiles and waves of appreciation at a car that no longer represented America’s ability to make cars with excitement and soul. Sadly, those days were gone. Today, what you got was a vehicle that was reliable, fairly economic, very safe, but dull as ditch water to own.
Mike’s itinerary today would consist of three different but reasonably close locations. The office had arranged interviews after several witnesses called in about an extraordinary event that happened two days ago.
Driving up the scenic Hudson Valley on the I87, Mike was on his way to his first call in Queensbury, after that was Warrensburg before finally heading to Chestertown. Coincidentally, all three towns were to the west of Lake George, where the alleged sightings were supposed to have taken place.
As a reporter, but now due to certain cutbacks, was working a stringer. Mike had covered most topics in his career, yet had never been sent out on a UFO story. Truth to tell, Mike, like a lot of people, possibly like yourself, had mixed feelings on the subject.
Often, many witnesses were regarded with suspicion and generally understood to have a bit of a screw loose or were often considered as attention seekers.
In an effort to remain objective, he wanted to get more insight and balance as he knew the subject was prone to ridicule and dismissiveness by some. So, Mike’s research had him watching last night’s H2 channel that gave him food for thought.
On one particular episode, he discovered quite a few witnesses were actually very credible. Surprisingly, some were serving US Navy pilots that encountered and filmed these incredibly high-speed unknown flying craft whose existence were supported by other reliable military and scientific trained professionals that owned great integrity and many years of experience as skilled observers. You certainly wouldn’t call those people cranks or fantasists. Coming forward with frivolous unfounded reports could seriously jeopardise your career in short order. That’s why only one in a hundred sightings are ever officially reported by the aviation world in the fear you weren’t considered stable.
Deciding to stay neutral and to use whatever confirmable info he could get; Mike now understood his task would be to write up what these witnesses had to say. It was going to be tough, but he would try to make it exciting and hopefully worth reading without straying too far into the realms of fantasy. Damned if you do…
Being a pragmatic kind of guy, Mike’s journalistic experience generally enabled him to quickly sniff out a genuine story from a dead-end. He would have to tread carefully with this because he didn’t want to end up looking a fool and have to take a mountain of shit from all the office jokers at work. Yet, he wanted to treat his witnesses with respect as they took the time to call the magazine.
Arriving in Queensbury, Mike met the Charlton family who were very hospitable and eagerly invited him into their house. It felt like a real family home and oozed happiness.
They fed him coffee and amazing warm cookies straight from the oven not ten minutes ago. This immediate hospitality was an encouraging start, plus he always worked better when well fed.
Ed Charlton was in his sixties and seemed an amicable type of guy. Mike found he warmed to him quickly as the man reminded him of his own grandfather, especially around the eyes.
The Charlton’s neat and tidy retirement property overlooked the pretty Lake George. Anyone would love a weekend away here as it was wonderfully scenic and something of a chocolate-box location. Some would shed a tear when having to go back to their city home after a vacation here.
On taking Mike out to the back of the house, there was a terrific view of the lake. Mike told him that he was completely jealous of this beautiful place. Like a heaven on Earth. Ed smiled and nodded as most people said that. He began by saying that he noticed the strange lights hovering over the lake just before eleven pm two nights ago. His first thoughts were quite natural and presumed they belonged to a large helicopter, possibly an army Chinook out on a night training exercise. However, with a slight wind running in his direction, he should have heard some rotor or engine noise but found it was eerily silent.
Intrigued by this, he called out to his wife Mary to come take a look and also to bring their camera. This was close to Mary’s bedtime and she wondered what on earth Ed was yelling about. It had been a long day and she just wanted to turn in.
Coming outside onto the rear porch, Mary handed the camera to Ed. At that time, she hadn’t looked over to the lake to see what this fuss was about and wondered if Ed was playing a trick on her.
‘Look, can you see that over there?’
‘You mean those lights?’
‘Yes, what do you make of them, Mary?’ Ed reinforced his question by pointing to where she needed to look.
Mary adjusted her glasses for better focus then studied the apparent hovering coloured lights for a few moments.
‘They’re probably those Chinese lanterns, Ed. I expect someone’s got a birthday party over the far side of the lake and they’ve released a few in celebration.’
That did make sense. He hadn’t thought of that, which just reinforced his acceptance that she was the brighter one in their family.
But another thing had puzzled him.
‘Mary, the wind is in our direction, so those lanterns should be heading towards us.’
‘Oh, I don’t know, Ed, but they do look pretty, don’t they? Anyway, I’m off to bed now, don’t be too long, will you?’
Mary was too tired to stay up to watch or discuss the likelihood of some silly lanterns over the lake.
Strangely, as if on cue, those lights suddenly started to rise higher into the night sky and head toward Mary and Ed’s house. He grabbed her hand so she didn’t leave him alone.
Immediately, they could both see those lights were rapidly increasing in number and were now displaying a unique form. Mary and Ed looked into each other’s face as this was something neither had experienced before.
They both stood looking up in amazement because they certainly weren’t a mass of floating lanterns but lights that belonged to just one larger object. Ed described this animatedly to Mike, telling him that as the craft got closer and higher, many more lights could be seen from underneath. They were multi-coloured with greens, reds, blues and orange, now seen either pulsing or in a chasing sequence. Ed suggested to Mike the object was the size of something close to three football fields. The whole thing was so huge it could be clearly seen as a boomerang shape whose silhouette blotted out the stars immediately above.
Open mouthed, the Charlton’s remained transfixed on their porch as this slow but silent moving craft passed over their roof and steadily heading off in a north-westerly direction.
Understandably shaking, Ed also felt excited. To get a better view, he followed the craft’s progress around the right side of his house and managed to snap off a few shots with his camera. Mary went with him and her quick thinking told Ed to get some video of this craft now making its leisurely way up the valley towards Warrensburg.
Looking over Ed’s pictures and the movie clip didn’t really show Mike more than undefined blobs of coloured lights haphazardly dancing about in the night sky. Sadly, most of that was due to camera shake. To be honest, Ed’s family snaps camera could do little else when used at night. Nevertheless, Mike took a copy of them and would pass them on to photographic when he got back to the office.
Mike then asked Ed if he’d reported this event to the local police or the military. Ed told him he’d rung the police but they said they’d no reports of low flying aircraft. However, Ed was the first to call in with this sighting. Within the hour, the police switchboard was lit up like a Christmas tree with calls from many local people in the Lake George area and beyond. Later, it was to become one of Mike’s most intriguing stories, along with the meeting of an incredible women that would affect his life forever.
Thanking them for their time and hospitality, he said he would be in touch if the magazine was going to use any of the pictures.
Driving away, Mike felt they were a genuine and honest couple with no agenda for making money or wanting to be famous. Without clear evidence, Mike believed their event was probably just a misidentification of something completely explainable. Quite what, he didn’t know, but felt sure it was nothing more than that.
Arriving in Warrensburg, Mike found it to be quite a pretty little place, having a small population of just over four thousand, and a history of an old logging town, quaintly surrounded by the Hackensack Mountains. He imagined escaping city dwellers or amorous cheating spouses using this place as a charming weekend getaway. The lovely views reminded him of certain Welsh Valleys visited back home in the UK. As a child, Mike enjoyed their family holidays in the Snowdonia area as they still brought back happy memories of when his parents were alive. All the family revelled in those endless hot summers that only a child remembers in that way. Even though it did rain sometimes.
Mike wished he had a girlfriend at the moment so she could visit here with him. He did miss female company a lot and sharing a weekend here would be lovely. His occasional thoughts on this made him feel a little lonesome but his work demanded so much of his time, it did make meeting people very difficult.
Driving through and heading north-west out of town, he soon caught sight of a small hotel called Mountain View that nestled alone between a ring of trees. This was Mike’s next stop.
Heading up the driveway, it was clear the place has seen better days and could really use some tlc. No customer kerb appeal here.
Mr and Mrs Lindsay were the owners, but for some reason the older Mr Lindsay appeared lukewarm to Mike’s arrival. That seemed strange as they were the ones that called his magazine.
Trying to open with something relatable, Mike told them he’d just come from Queensbury and had spoken to some credible (but probably mistaken) witnesses. The Lindsay’s didn’t ask who that might be, but just indicated he go through that door, which opened up into a musty sort of reception room. They didn’t offer him coffee or oven-baked cookies, just straight down to business.
‘Did you want a room for the night?’ asked an officious Mr Lindsay.
Mike looked up from his notepad to explain he’d others to see and must return to Manhattan later today. He didn’t like this guy’s attitude from the outset and certainly wouldn’t want to stay here overnight for any reason as the vibes were awful. Mike’s grandfather would have described Lindsay as a long streak of piss with no substance of a man’s character. On the other hand, the much younger wife seemed very pleasant and personable, if not, a little shy.
‘First of all, before I tell you what happened, we want $10,000 for our story.’ Lindsay demanded.
In Mike’s experience, only chancers or liars opened with that kind of line. He suspected this was the amount they needed to start renovating the place and were trying their luck.
‘I have to explain to you, Mr Lindsay, our magazine only pays on publication once the story has been authenticated. Did you happen to take any photos of your experience?’
‘Yeah, I got a couple.’ Lindsay grunted.
‘May I see them?’
Mike asked by using a neutral tone, trying not to sound too eager. He just wanted to keep the guy onside before making his excuses and getting the hell away from this place. God, it really did smell musty, perhaps a raccoon or something had crawled in and died in the basement. Amusingly, but just for a second, it made him think of the Bates Motel.
‘I want a grand before I show them to you.’ Lindsay barked.
‘Again, Mr Lindsay, the magazine doesn’t pay until the photographic department has verified them as authentic. You do have owner’s rights over the pictures.’
‘Are you calling me a liar?’
‘Not at all, but would you pay out a large sum for something sight unseen.’
Lindsay grunted again. He didn’t like this reporter. Too ready with a glib answer. Mike supposed that old man Lindsay didn’t actually like anybody.
‘OK,’ Lindsay conceded, ‘but I’ll hold onto the camera-phone just in case you try to steal them.’
Mike knew he must remain professional. It was hard trying not to tell Lindsay to go fuck himself as that attitude might reflect badly on the magazine and get him in trouble.
Lindsay held his phone in front of Mike’s face and swiped through the images, accompanied by his account of where this craft was in the sky in relation to the hotel. When he’d finished, he asked Mike how much he thought these pictures were worth.
In all honesty, Mike thought they were useless. They were actually poorer than some of Ed Charlton’s pictures and would never translate well into the magazine’s colour pages.
Nevertheless, he wanted to leave the Lindsay’s with a positive feeling from his visit and not to come over as some smart-ass up from the city.
‘Now I’ve seen them, Mr Lindsay, I’m sure my boss will be in touch to sort you out a nice deal.’
‘Are you a limey with that plummy accent?’ he asked with a suspicious tone.
Mike nodded, wondering why that mattered.
‘I don’t trust you damn limey’s, never have. You’d better not try to screw us over because we’ve got a red-hot lawyer if there’s any funny business.’
Lindsay had worked himself into quite a temper and was suddenly breathing very hard. His face looked disturbingly flushed. Mike was suddenly worried the guy was going to give himself a heart attack. No doubt, this man was a complete asshole but Mike didn’t wish him dead.
‘Sit down for a minute, dear,’ Mrs Lindsay quickly came to her husband’s aid.
She’d obviously seen him in this state before and wasn’t as alarmed as Mike. Calmly, she told her husband to rest there while she showed the reporter out.
Walking with Mike to his car, they could hear her husband still wheezing as he slowly recovered. Mrs Lindsay asked Mike if he’d had any concrete proof yet as to what happened the other night.
‘No.’ Mike exhaled, he clearly sounded tired as he looked back at the shabby hotel.
Lindsay’s little turn had certainly worried him for a moment until he’d seen the wife’s lack of concern. That being the case, he figured the guy was going to recover fairly soon.
‘Could it have been the Air Force flying a secret new aircraft?’
Mrs Lindsay asked him this in quite a matter-of-fact way that he wasn’t expecting. It was clear she was so much smarter than the old fellow. Mike instantly knew he liked her a lot, certainly more than the idiot husband, but that choice wasn’t difficult for anyone.
‘That’s entirely possible, or something else equally plausible. I’m still unconvinced by this UFO stuff, Mrs Lindsay. Although, this subject is very popular and our readers do have a strong appetite for this type of story.’
Mrs Lindsay nodded as if to concur with his sentiment. She must have trusted him because Mike saw her reach inside a bag to produce a 35mm digital camera. Mike instantly recognised it as a top-quality Nikon.
Switching it on, and then with some prompting from Mrs Lindsay, Mike quickly got to view the relevant image files. Scanning through the pictures, he could see a craft clearly defined in the night sky as the camera had an excellent zoom lens. It was exactly what Mr and Mrs Charlton had described to him.
‘Fuck! Would you look at that!’ Mike blurted out in amazement, while tilting back the led playback screen to share with her.
‘Mr Howard, please!’
‘I’m so sorry, please excuse my French.’ Mike apologised. ‘These are really very good shots. The best I’ve seen, so far. You have a good eye, Mrs Lindsay.’
‘Photography’s a bit of a passion with me, Mr Howard.’
Mrs Lindsay seemed a little shy by her admission or was it just the word passion?
‘Please, call me Mike,’ he encouraged her.
Looking closer at her features, it was easy to imagine she must have been quite an attractive young woman, who, in those days, was probably a big hit with the local boys and owned more exciting passions than just photography. Reflecting for a second, perhaps those were just his own tarnished thoughts and judged her unfairly as she had an obvious friendly nature when away from her exasperating husband.
‘Well, keep up the hobby, Mrs Lindsay, these are very good …?’ he trailed for her first name.
‘Oh, …it’s Molly. If you would you like to make a copy of them, please do.’
‘Sure, but I can’t pay you anything right now, Molly.’
‘That’s ok, they’re not really of any use to me. I’d like you to have them, Mike.’
She kind of glowed when he said her name. His British accent was much nicer than her husband’s gruff and sour voice. Molly thought it was a pity he wasn’t staying over as you never knew what might happen after darkness fell. Being married to that jerk Lindsay hadn’t quite killed off her belief in romance.
Mike wondered if she was flirting with him because she stood close and had a ready smile. Her perfume filled his nostrils with a delightful aroma. Molly must have easily been twenty years younger than the grumpy old bastard sat indoors still trying to catch his breath. This just made Mike wish he had a girlfriend even more.
‘Tell you what, if our editor likes them, I’ll send the money directly to you. How about that?’
Mike looked at her and then back at the hotel to make it clear that her husband wouldn’t get his grubby hands on the money.
‘No need. If they do raise anything, please donate it to Dementia Research. My mother was stricken with it and I’d like to do something to help the foundation.’
‘I understand.’ Mike added with empathy. He’d quickly revised his thoughts about her, Molly was actually a very nice soul. Not only that, he’d witnessed that bloody awful affliction within his own family back in England. It was soul destroying to watch at how that terrible disease gradually destroyed people’s characters and the extent it badly affected their loved ones that cared for them.
Mike copied the images onto his SD card and got her to sign the standard release form. He then shook her hand and kissed her cheek gently and watched her smile widen as this small dose of affection brightened her eyes and also made her skin tingle.
In mild concern, Molly quickly looked back to the house to check her husband wasn’t watching as he would give her hell about that when Mike was gone. Thankfully not.
Getting in his car, he quickly started up the engine. With a smile and a small wave to Mrs Lindsay, he pulled away driving slowly up the crunching pebbled driveway. Mike could see Molly standing there in his rear-view mirror watching him leave. She looked something of a lost soul and didn’t deserve the awful lonely life she shared with a man she called husband. Mike believed she was someone that hadn’t even begun to fulfil her hopes or dreams and probably never would while living with that selfish asshole. It was obvious to Mike that Mr Lindsay cared little about what Molly did and even less about what she thought. It seemed sad that a nice person like that was living a life of constant disappointment. Maybe, like many, she just had nowhere else to go and was stuck. That does seem to happen a lot.
He exhaled with something of a heavy heart but knew there was nothing he could do to help. However, he did momentarily wonder if he’d stopped and opened the passenger door, then told her to get in, would she have leapt at the chance? We’ll never know.
On to Chestertown.
Going up Route 9, he discovered the small town he was seeking was actually more of a hamlet. Mike found it a quaint place too, reminding him of several ancient rural villages back home in England. He did miss the British way of life sometimes, it was pretty unique way of life compared to the rest of the world, although, he equally enjoyed the complete insanity of New York City too. Maybe a shrink could better explain it?
Jim Lewis and his wife Dierdre met Mike at a small diner known as The Tavern. As it was lunchtime, they’d already found a table for them to eat when Mike entered the room to join them. Jim and Dierdre both got up and shook his hand. Mike sensed their obvious warmth straightaway and quickly felt at ease.
Over an enjoyable lunch, the Lewis’s soon realised Mike was a Brit and wanted to discuss many things, such as where he came from in England, and had he been to Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle? Now living here, did he understand the shocking state of the U.S. economy due to their unfathomable President Trump? Jim then asked him if the USA should bring home all their troops and let the rest of the world just get on with it?
Mike didn’t like to share his personal opinions on American foreign policies or any of their suspect politicians, but he did tell Jim that bringing all their soldiers home seemed like a great idea. To lighten the mood, Mike asked if they knew what the initial ‘J’ was in the middle of Trump’s name. Neither did. He told them in a mock Trump voice it stood for ‘Genius.’ They both loved it and enjoyed Mike’s sense of humor.
Chatting away about current world affairs was all fine, but Mike really wanted to wrap things up and be on his way home. With a well-meaning couple like Jim and Dierdre, he often had to steer the conversation back to why he was here as the Lewis’s did enjoy talking away in excitable tangents. Or maybe it helped them avoid telling their story on purpose?
‘Perhaps you can tell me what exactly happened, Mr Lewis?’
‘Call me Jim, Mike. Well, it was like this. We’d been over to visit our friends, Duke and Margie, for the evening. I must state here that only Dierdre had a drink because I was driving, just in case you think I’d been on the sauce.’
Mike smiled and motioned with a fist and thumb raised as a bottle, which made Jim laugh.
‘It was Dierdre that saw this thing first. It was all lit up underneath and moving really slow. I pulled over and shut off the motor before deciding to get out to take a better look.’
Jim fixed his gaze on Mike to impress upon him that he wasn’t kidding.
‘Mike, it just hung up there in the sky with no sound at all. Yet, you couldn’t hear anything else either, no chirping crickets, no bird song or even barking dogs. That’s what made it so spooky. Just those lights underneath going from red to green then yellow. Hell, the darn thing was bigger than the Ronald Reagan (a huge aircraft carrier). Then it stopped, just hanging there, right overhead.’
That’s when Dierdre got out of the car and joined her husband, she didn’t want to be alone.
Mike could see that the whole encounter had shaken them. Dierdre then passed across her camera-phone.
‘How long did it stay before moving on?
‘That’s the funny thing, Mike. A bright light suddenly shone down and froze us to the spot. It must have only been two or three minutes before it went out and we could move again. It wasn’t unpleasant, in fact, it felt warm and peaceful, but a bit scary too. It was when we checked on the time soon after that it really blew our minds. Shit, Mike, seventeen minutes had passed. Don’t you think that was weird?’
‘How can you be sure that it was seventeen minutes, Jim. That does seem quite precise considering you were both caught surprised and feeling anxious?’
‘It was the church bell that clinched it. It had just finished chiming eleven as we got out of the car. I, naturally, looked down at my wristwatch to check it hadn’t stopped, like everyone does, which confirmed the bell time was accurate.’
Dierdre then joined the dialogue.
‘Take a look at my pictures, Mike?’
He opened up Dierdre’s gallery to view what she’d taken. As he’d suspected, most were a bit blurry, probably where she must have been shaking with understandable fear before the beam of light came on. Mike thought his own hands might shake too when confronted with something so breath-taking.
Then it seems Dierdre must have steadied herself as the next three or four shots were much clearer. Even so, you could tell that the craft was huge as it filled the whole of the photo frame.
‘Jim, can you tell me in which direction the aircraft moved away?’
Jim exhaled, his face now displaying a forced grin relating to something that had baffled him completely.
‘Mike, that’s just it, the whole darned thing just up and disappeared in an instant.’
‘What, you mean it went vertically straight up?’
Mike flipped an upwards stroke to see if he’d understood correctly.
‘No …no, not like that’ Jim paused, ‘it was like, it was there, then it wasn’t. You know, like when a magician does a trick …it’s there, hey presto! then it’s gone. Just like someone throwing a switch.’
‘…And that took seventeen minutes?’ Mike asked again.
‘Yeah, Dierdre’s phone also said seventeen minutes had passed, we checked it against the clock in the car and it was dead right.’
‘That missing time must have seemed a pretty spooky thing for the both of you. What are your feelings about it now, do you think anything happened to you? Can you remember anything else?’
Jim paused for a second.
‘Mike, believe me, it was so difficult to understand anything at that moment. Dierdre and me have been over and over it but I can’t recall a damn thing during that missing time. Sure, as hell, Mike, I’ll never forget it. I think you’ll find Dierdre’s pictures will prove that!’
Diedre confirmed this with an agreeing nod.
‘That’s why Jim and I got in touch with you. There’s one thing we need you to do. Will you protect our identities if I let you have these pictures as I don’t feel ready to share this experience with any of our friends or family yet?’
Dierdre was really bothered about that.
‘Both of us have been looking for an answer and thought you could help. We don’t want anyone around here to think we’re kooks. It’s a small place and our reputations are important to us?’ 
Their faces said it all and Mike needed to reassure them both.
‘Absolutely. I’ll put that on the release form and we’ll use fictious names.’
The conversation went a little quiet as Mike could tell they were both reliving it in their heads. It must have been a traumatic experience but he could see they were relieved to have told someone not local, who, hopefully, wouldn’t think they were nuts like close friends or relatives might.
‘I guess I’d better get going,’ Mike said, getting up from the table, ‘it was really nice meeting you and if there’s anything else that comes to mind, you can reach me on any of these.’
He handed Dierdre his business card that had all his contact options.
Saying his goodbye’s, Mike made to go to his car.
Putting in some quick paces, Jim soon caught him up, clearly, he had something important to ask.
‘One thing, Mike. It’s been bugging me constantly and I’ve got to know.’
‘Okay?’
‘Do you think that aircraft was one of ours?’
‘I honestly don’t know, Jim, but yeah, probably.’
Looking at this anxious guy, Mike believed that’s what he wanted or even needed to hear right now.
‘God, I do hope you’re right.’
Mike looked at Jim quizzically.
‘Well,’ Jim explained, ‘if it isn’t ours, I think we could all be up shit creek, don’t you?’
Mike hadn’t considered that alternative. If true, how could it not be of major concern to any informed technologically advanced country?
‘Take it easy, Mike, and drive safe.’
They shook hands, leaving Mike to wonder, situations reversed, how he might have dealt with such an experience. This trip had provoked many more thoughts than he imagined it might.



2


‘What have I done?’



Mike knew he had to have the radio on in the car. This was purely a diversion from what he’d seen and heard today. Putting it into scan mode until it found a talk station, he stopped it when he found one that covered the latest news topics, just in case someone had already beaten him to this unusual story.
A couple of hours later came the need to stop to buy coffee and ‘water the horse.’ This was also a chance to boost his diminishing blood sugar by purchasing some gas station crap products as a restorative. He knew it was wrong but he’d no time to stop at a diner.
Restarting his journey, he realised it was now less than an hour from the city. HacvingHHaving been out on the road for a total of thirteen hours today, he found it unsurprising that he felt a little drowsy. His alternative recipe for that was to turn the radio to a rock station and lower the driver’s window to get the full force of the wind in his face. It was an old remedy that usually did the trick.
However, it didn’t remind him to keep an eye on the speedo. Next thing he knew, there was a police cruiser, complete with flashing blue lights, howling out a WOOOOOO and filling his rear-view mirror. To top that, it was accompanied by an amplified voice instructing him to pull over. As he did so, the cruiser passed him and pulled up about ten yards in front of his vehicle.
‘Oh, Bollocks!’ was Mike’s English expletive of choice.
Not that he was upset at being pulled over; this was due to his own frustration at not keeping an eye on his speed. He’d been warned that U.S. cops were more diligent than British ones for drivers going marginally over the limit. Mike wasn’t generally a fast driver but would soon find out why they’d stopped him.
The front passenger door of the cruiser opened and a police officer got out and walked toward his car. Behave yourself and don’t get lippy was the line running through his brain. A friend at the office told Mike that if he was stopped, it was a good idea to feed his arms under and through the top half of the steering wheel to then place both hands on the dash. Apparently, police officers like that compliance as it shows respect to their service and knowing that it’s virtually impossible to draw a weapon with your hands in plain sight that way.
‘Nicely done, sir!’ the female police officer remarked as she came alongside his open driver’s window with a nod in reference to his hand placement.
‘I was advised by a colleague at work that it was the right thing to do, officer.’ Mike said with his best British accent and the warmest smile he could muster. He tried to see it from her side and guessed that his nervous smile looked more like a grimace. Oh!
‘OK, thanks. You can sit back now, sir. License and registration please.’
‘My license is in my wallet and the rental car details are in the glovebox. Is it ok to reach over to get them?’
‘Go ahead, but let me see your hands at all times, sir.’
Mike heard the snap of the popper on her gun holster pull open. That made him feel uneasy and somewhat nervous and now wishing he hadn’t chosen such a large cup of coffee.
First, he passed over the rental car paperwork, then removed his license from his wallet and held it in his hand until it was asked for.
The police officer studied the car rental documents. Once satisfied, she then folded the documents to place them under the windshield wiper arm. Next, she held out her hand to take his driver’s license.
‘Please don’t laugh.’ Mike asked, referring to his mugshot on it.
It was then he saw a slight smile breaking at the corners of her mouth. My God! This police woman has a sense of humour, not only that, he realised that she was really quite beautiful. Her blue-green eyes had already entranced him but the way her striking ash-blonde hair was set up underneath her police hat left him feeling childishly gooey. Yeah, it was stupid but what could he do? He knew those thoughts were considered unfashionable today but they were his alone. This policewoman was also blessed with an incredibly lithe body that was encased in a superbly-tailored uniform. Mike truly believed she could be something of a recruiting poster for women to join the police force, but something he would never mention out loud. After all, she carried a gun and a Taser, so, go ahead, piss her off at your peril, Mike!
With her looking at his license photo then back at him caused him to have a faster beating heart and a dry mouth. Wondering whether it was the current situation or this outstandingly pretty policewoman to be the major cause of it. Of course, he knew.
‘Where have you come from today, sir?’ The officer asked.
Another plus point, he noticed her accent was lovely and even, unlike some of the New Yorker women that could be shriekily nasal and whiney.
Mike had to avert his eyes from looking directly into her face as he felt like a stupid teenager with a crush on someone blatantly unattainable. Would he come under suspicion by her for doing that?
‘Um, …visiting upstate to Queensbury, then over to Warrensburg and finally finishing in Chestertown.’
‘Are you some kind of travelling salesman?’
She looked him over again, her trained police mind was curious, yet outwardly, this police officer did seem to appear casual but totally in command.
‘No,’ Mike grinned at the suggestion, (he was thinking about the old joke of travelling in Ladies Underwear for a living). ‘I work for a magazine in Manhattan and was out doing some research. I’d been to meet some people on a follow-up to a story. I do have a press pass if you’d like to see it.’
The police officer nodded and Mike handed it over.
‘Is the magazine one I might know?’ she asked with curiosity.
‘Maybe, it’s called: Favorite.’
‘Oh, yeah. Ok. I’m going back to the cruiser to check your details, so please stay in your car, sir’
Pulling out the car rental details from under the wiper arm, she walked back to the cruiser to make some calls. Mike couldn’t help but to admire her retreating form. Whether she was aware of him virtually ogling her, he wasn’t sure, but made a conscious effort to reign it in. This really wasn’t like him at all. She’d made his hands tremble and he couldn’t understand why. Was this some unexplained magic she held over him? Moreover, why was he acting like such a prize jerk?
‘Jeeezz! They don’t have policewomen like that back in Blighty (UK). That’s for sure!’
Saying that out loud to himself made him feel a fool because he was being unfair to all female police officers that, while they may not all be pin-ups, they were all doing an incredibly hard job keeping the rest of us safe.
Well caught, Mike?
‘You really need to get a grip, old son.’ Mike admonished himself.
Five minutes had now passed and he wondered why she was taking so long. This situation wasn’t good for his nerves. Maybe they did these things to keep the driver at a disadvantage by playing mind games to see if he crumbled and made a run for it.
The passenger door of the cruiser re-opened and the lovely ‘Angie Dickinson’ got back out. Walking toward his car, Mike saw she had a small wry grin on her face that might shout ‘Bingo!’ at any second due to his impending arrest.
Much to his disappointment, he did detect something of a victorious note to her voice as she spoke.
‘Ok, sir, I’m going to issue you a warning because your driver’s license has expired. I want you to go to the DMV tomorrow, it’s free to get it renewed.’
‘What, really, oh, I had no idea?’
Where had she heard that bull before? A dollar for each lame excuse tendered would have her living comfortably in the Bahamas.
The officer started to write his warning in her notebook.
‘Officer… ‘Mike asked, ‘…would it be ok if I got out for a second to stretch my legs, I’ve been cramped up in here for hours and my spine hurts like hell?’
She thought about it and the possible implications.
‘OK, but stand away from me by the rear window.’ Pointing to clearly indicate where she wanted him.
Pleased to be able to stretch was a great relief. Not only that, he felt he could converse easier being outside the vehicle.
‘May I ask a question?’ Mike enquired.
‘What is it?’ she tersely replied, while trying to focus on writing.
Mike knew he must choose his words carefully.
‘Well, you wouldn’t have known that my license had expired until you stopped me. So why did you pull me over. I don’t believe I was doing anything wrong?’
It was a fair point.
‘No, you’re right. There was a store robbery a few days ago with a car bearing the same license plates as yours. We know now they’ve obviously been cloned as they were on a completely different make of vehicle.’
Whether that was true or not, perhaps stopping him was just something to break the boredom of their day, he’d never know.
The wonderful female police officer handed him the warning and his expired license. Doing so, he noticed how well her nails were manicured. She obviously took great care of herself to look presentable. That was something he really admired about her.
Mike took a big gulp of air because what he was about to do was something way out of his comfort zone.
‘Look, now that’s out of the way. Would it be ok to ask if we could meet to have a coffee? Immediately followed by ‘… I’d leave it to you to choose where.’
‘I don’t think so,’ she smiled, but then added, ‘…my boyfriend wouldn’t like that.’
What came over Mike just then, he wasn’t sure, but he certainly wasn’t going to let this opportunity go. The courage in his voice mounted as that previous trembling persona a few moments ago evaporated.
‘You don’t really have a boyfriend, do you? Come on, just give me twenty minutes and if we don’t hit it off, I promise I won’t bug you about it? We’ll just call it quits.’
Mike was certainly trying his best to make it sound reasonably casual without being demanding, but it was hard to determine whether she was interested.
‘I don’t know…’ she said, stalling, ‘…I could get into trouble dating someone I just pulled over.’
Pleased by her response of not hearing a flat-out ‘No’ he’d put the ball back in his court as this sudden offer had confused her slightly. And yet, she was curiously fascinated by him and his British accent. Not only that, she thought he was a cute guy as well.
‘Surely, I’m not a suspect now, am I…’ he looked at the name tag over her blouse pocket, ‘…Officer Webb?’
Still not sure about any of this, she wondered if this was a scam and intent on making her feel a fool.
Mike then suggested another idea.
‘Look, you have all my details, where I live, my cell number and such. I don’t have anything for you. So, if you call me tomorrow, we can arrange something because you’ll have had time enough to check me out with Homeland and the UK criminal services.’
Full marks, Mike, he was trying his hardest to get a date with her. Perhaps, it had almost become almost a quest, but that just sounded too stupid because this was New York and not medieval England. Trouble was, he just couldn’t stop as he was completely captivated by her. This was a unique situation for Mike as he truly believed there was a real connection. All he had to do was to convince Officer Webb of that.
Officer Brooke Webb couldn’t deny there was something about him that was likeable. Indeed, she did have the means to check him out as he’d said, so, what did she have to lose? Nevertheless, her guard was still up, just in case he was fuckin’ with her.
‘I’d need to check this with my boss. Look, Mike, I really don’t think this is going to happen.’
‘So, that’s still not a ‘NO’ then…?’ he was hanging on hearing her first name to be revealed and would treat it as a milestone in his progress.
‘Brooke.’ She surrendered, still unsure that she may regret doing so.
But, she’d weakened, oh boy!
‘It’s so lovely to meet you, Brooke. I’ve got to say that I’m looking forward to seeing you again very soon.’
All he got back was an ‘Uh Huh’ as a non-committal reply as she walked back to the cruiser.
Mike got back into his rental and watched as she made to get into the police car. Brooke briefly looked back and shot him a winning smile before getting in. Mike considered that a very good sign.
The police vehicle moved away first.
‘You were a long time.’ Her patrol partner, Joe Nevins, announced casually.
‘Sorry, I had to write extra details. Joe, you knew that he was from outside the U.S.A.,’ she offered as a plausible answer.
‘He asked you for a date, didn’t he? Do you think the limey was coming on to you trying to weasel his way out?’
‘Oh, thanks for that, Joe. No, he didn’t ask me until after I’d handed him the warning.
‘Classy. Obviously, a true British gentleman. Tell me, was it his limey accent that won you over, I know you women go weak for that?’
Brooke felt embarrassed and hot gulped. So, it was true, there was something about Mike she liked.
‘Shut up, Joe. No-one has won me over and I don’t want you to gossip about this with anyone else. OK?’
‘Sure, mum’s the word.’
Joe did a humorous zipping movement across his mouth.
It was quiet in the cruiser for the next few minutes until Joe took a sideways look at her.
‘Shut up, Joe, just don’t say anything, I mean it.’
He laughed out loud and was ready to tease her but instead said sorry. He also did the stupid zipping motion again.
Brooke was getting a little pissed off with Joe, yet she was still considering Mike’s offer of a date. She hadn’t been out with any man in a year, which would be surprising for anyone to learn that fact. In a way, she admired him for asking because it must have taken guts to ask a police officer for a date, especially when that particular police officer had just pulled you over and issued you a warning.
‘What does he do?’ Joe probed.
‘Let this go, Joe, please.’
‘OK, OK, …I’m just trying to look after your welfare, …partner.’ He emphasised the word ‘Partner’ trying to justify his nosiness.
‘You look after yourself, Joe Nevins, and I’ll do the same,’ she snapped.
Brooke rapidly understood that what was initially a flattering invitation to meet with someone new, could quickly become a royal pain in the ass, especially down at the station with this new morsel of gossip.
Joe knew he’d upset her but also knew Brooke was a tough cookie and could easily deal with his teasing. However, she was a woman with sensibilities that were foreign to most men, especially those ‘hard noses’ that joined the police from the military services. Joe was true as his word and didn’t refer to it for the rest of the shift. He knew this gave her the space to forgive him.
Meanwhile, Mike arrived back in Manhattan and quickly dropped off the rental. Although tired, he was considering whether he should go to the office or back home. In the end, he decided to go to the magazine because he wanted to hand in the pictures personally to ‘Photographic’ so they could inspect them quickly for their validity. Investigating doctored photos was a decades old trick but with the advent of digital, they were far, far easier to fake.
After meeting those nice people upstate today, Mike hadn’t doubted their honesty, yet he didn’t want to get caught up in some embarrassing hoax that could make him and the magazine look foolish.
Tomorrow should certainly reveal all.



3


Photo’s


The photographic department was a twenty-four-hour section and being run today by its almost permanent resident: Gary Hinds. Like most digital picture processors working in today’s media, he was a little off the wall but very talented. As Mike had been dealing with him for more than a year now, he was used to his wacky ways but Gary usually came through when a rush job was required. Mike’s often gifted him a bottle of Jim Beam, which kept the wheels greased and a friendly working relationship very much alive.
Staying up late to sort the text for the story, Mike only had a couple of hours sleep before having to leave for work, which, everyone remembers, did not suit Mr Grumpy at all.
‘Hi, what have you got for me, Gary? I didn’t want to but came in a bit earlier so we could go over them before everyone gets in and the usual madness begins.’
‘Well, Mike, as you may have guessed, I couldn’t really use the blurred ones from Queensbury, but those from Warrensburg and Chestertown were very interesting. Come and sit down over here.’
Gary and Mike crossed the room to a larger work station that had a state-of-the-art pc and monitor that probably cost many times Mike’s salary.
‘Impressive stuff.’ Mike commented.
‘Mmm…’ Gary replied, fully absorbed in what he was doing. Once satisfied he’d loaded it to display his work, he triumphantly spoke: ‘Right, Mike, take a look at these.’
At first, Mike wasn’t quite sure what he was supposed to be looking at on the screen because they appeared so different to the files copied onto his SD card.
‘What exactly am I seeing here, Gary?’
‘Had me puzzled at first, too. See this string of red lights here and then the next shot shows green ones along here?’
Gary ran his finger across the underside of the craft.
‘Yeah?’
‘Now look over to the bottom left of shot and notice the tops of some silver birch trees.’
‘OK?’
‘Silver birches don’t grow much higher than thirty to forty feet high, yeah?’
‘If you say so, Gary.’
Mike wouldn’t have known that fact.
The photographic ace looked sideways at Mike, wondering if he was being sarcastic.
‘So, using those trees as a reference, the size of that aircraft, if that’s what it is, probably measures around three hundred yards across.’
‘Shit!’
‘Shit indeed! Mike, I’ve tried all the latest fake detecting software that’s on the market and also a military grade program that I paid through the nose for on the hush-hush. I’m almost scared to tell you that these pictures are completely untouched and absolutely real.’
‘Buggar! I wanted them to be fakes, you know, something plausible but misidentified. Jim Lewis was right about its size comparable to the Ronald Raegan’
‘Mike?’
‘Yeah…?’ Mike was still concentrating on those amazing images.
‘What’s Ronald Raegan got to do with this, he’s dead, isn’t he?
‘No, not the ex-president, the aircraft carrier.’
It was Gary’s turn to learn a new fact.
‘Mike, listen to me.’ Gary’s voice was serious, insisting that he must be heard.
‘Yeah. Oh, sorry,’ he was now back with this computer wizard.
‘You know we can’t publish these don’t you?’
‘Why not?’
‘Because if the sub-editor allows it, which I highly doubt, we could all be fired within twenty-four hours. You, me and him. I’m not screwing around here, Mike. I’m really fucking serious and more than a little scared.’
Mike grinned because he thought Gary’s comments were wildly absurd.
‘Again, you’re scared, why? I’ve heard everyone seems to like a juicy UFO story these days.’
‘Don’t be so fucking naïve, Mike. Whether you believe in aliens or not, I really don’t care. This could be a top-secret aircraft of ours under night testing. If we revealed it to the world, our lives wouldn’t be worth a damn. Black-Ops Military and other secret services get very jumpy about classified things like this being broadcast. Don’t you think they would jealously guard something so in advance of anyone else, I damn-well would?’
‘What do you think we should do, Gary, I really need to get paid for this story?’
‘Look, I’ll help you out, Mike. Delete all this stuff we’ve just seen and just publish the blurry ones. I can shine them up a bit to make them interesting but easily explained away as Chinese lanterns, just like your Mrs Charlton suggested.’
‘That seems a shame. Anyway, she soon changed her mind about that.’
‘Yeah, well, I like living, Mike, and would very much like to continue doing so.’
‘Imagine, though, if it was extra-terrestrial. Don’t you think it would be brilliant for us to break it to the world?’
‘Yeah, if you were photographing it landing on the White House lawn, sure. Then it couldn’t be denied. Otherwise, my friend, we’ll both be in deep shit. Believe me, those Black-Ops people don’t fuck around.’
Mike thought about Gary’s reasons for a couple of minutes and with due consideration, reluctantly decided it would be best to delete the better ones. It was true, he could still submit an exciting story and run it with Gary’s doctored pictures. No one gets hurt, no secrets are divulged. Everybody wins and he gets paid. Yay!
‘OK, Gary, we’ll go with your fakes.’
‘Thank fuck for that, Mike, I was getting worried that I might have to kill you.’
Mike looked at Gary’s straight face and wondered if he meant that.
‘Take it easy, Mike, it’s just my little joke.’
Mike took a breath and found a fast reply.
‘Oh, well, if that’s your idea of joke, Dennis Leary can sleep easy.’
‘Good one. I didn’t realise you’d heard of him.’
‘Yeah, I’ve hated him ever since he did the joke about Jim Morrison: Fat guy, dead in a bath. I really liked Jim. I met him at the Isle of Wight festival just before he died. I loved the Doors music, still do.’
‘Kind of haunting and morbid in places, isn’t it?’
‘I’m surprised you know their music, Gary. It gets difficult to shake off once you’re into it.’
‘Oh, Mike, I just heard, someone told me you’re going back to England soon. What the hell did you do, is Homeland deporting you, I suspected it might come to that one day?’
Mike laughed and then called Gary a twat.
Gary didn’t know what that was, but presumed it was uncomplimentary.
‘No, it’s green card stuff, protocols and whatnot.’
‘That’s a pain in the ass. So, why haven’t you married a nice American lady and had some babies already? We do have a few nice ones here and it would’ve cut out all this green card bullshit.’
Brooke Webb flashed to the front of Mike’s thoughts. She was certainly special enough, but babies were jumping the gun a bit. Although, trying for one with her would certainly be a delight.
‘I’m working on it, Gary.’
‘That’s nice, Mike, you should go for it.’
Gary turned his back on Mike for a moment to grab a favorite bag of something that was a heavily laced E-numbers snack that could probably rot you from the inside out in a day.
Mike took that opportunity to slip his SD card out of the pc and into the palm of his hand. He realised he shouldn’t have done that but he wanted to keep those amazing pictures for himself.
‘I’d better get going. Thanks for everything, Gary.’
‘Take it easy.’ Gary mumbled through something resembling orange puffed cornmeal dust that was staining his lips and now en-route to do ferocious battle with his gastric system.



4


A Policewoman Calls


Choosing not to stay in the noisy office, Mike went back to his apartment to do a final polish to his story. Once satisfied with the text, he inserted the pictures Gary had just emailed him. It took another thirty minutes before Mike submitted those file numbers over to his sub-editor: Drew Phillips, hoping he would approve the piece and run it without having to expand the story further. Drew liked things concise as it left more room for advertising.
Approval came back within a quarter-hour and it was on its way for publishing.
That done, Mike collapsed into bed and was in rem sleep within moments and for the next three hours.
‘Wha…?’
An irritating noise from inside his brain was trying to wake him and he couldn’t quite grasp what the hell it was. Thirty seconds ago, he’d been in a really deep sleep and the sudden waking made his head feel like he’d been on the booze. He hadn’t, which, and by extension, made it even more irritating.
That annoying noise was a repetitive music passage, which was his recently installed new ringtone. It was playing ‘Peter and the Wolf.’ Why he’d chosen Prokofiev’s catchy old number was a bit off base but better than the Jim Morrison scream it replaced. Luckily for his cell phone, it wasn’t something performed by Whitney Houston or Adele, otherwise it would have been bounced against the wall and smashed long ago.
Trying to focus on its display, it showed a number he didn’t recognise.
‘Uh …yeah?’ Was his sleepy voiced answer.
‘Is that Mike Howard?’
‘Yeah?’
‘I’m sorry to disturb your slumber, but this is Officer Webb from the 25th Precinct.’
Mike sat up quickly, almost dropping the phone in the process. He let out a curse and plead to his brain to help him out as this was a very important call.
‘Hi Brooke, …thanks for getting in touch. I’d been hoping you’d call me.’
He struggled with forming words and hoped she didn’t think he was a drunk and sleeping it off like many from his industry.
‘I can tell by such a rapid response that you must have been on the edge of your seat waiting for my call.’
Mike wasn’t sure if she was being snippy or humorous, so he just snorted softly at her.
‘Sorry about that. I had a busy night and was trying to catch up,’ Mike explained.
‘Yeah, I have some ladies on our patch that work that way.’
‘Thank the stars for that, Brooke. I really hoped you owned a sense of humour,’ Mike laughed, ‘anyway, thanks for getting back to me. Let me ask, did I check out to your satisfaction?’
Mike thought it better to get the bad news out of the way fast and sort of hunkered down, expecting to hear the worst, even though knowing he was okay.
‘Surprisingly, yes. So, I checked it twice and something interesting came up.’
Brooke was teasing him but he didn’t know that and was racking his brains for a clue.
‘Oh! Surprised? What part of my life history led you to believing that?’
Mike was wondering what on earth she’d discovered.
‘I’m kidding. You’re clean-ish.’
The line went quiet at her end, after all, he was a stranger of whom she knew nothing personally. Perhaps this call may have been a mistake by verbally jousting with this guy. She was certainly conflicted but maybe it was time to take a chance.
Mike broke the silence, still hunting for that first date.
‘Have you sorted somewhere we can meet for a coffee?’
She deflected from answering his question by switching to act all business. Maybe she wanted him to dangle for a while, see how far he was willing to be pushed.
‘Mr Howard, the real reason I called was to see if you’ve renewed your driver’s license.’
‘Oh, that.’
‘Yes, that. Have you been to the DMV?’
‘No, not yet. I’ll try tomorrow.’ He half-lied.
‘I expect you to do more than try.’
Brooke was using her most officious police phone voice to stir him up and to put him on the back foot. She liked doing that, especially to men.
Mike was feeling a little deflated as she’d clearly swerved his question about meeting. Hell, if all she’d called for was to remind him about his bloody expired license, that was bloody cruel. Holding the cell phone to his ear, he waited to hear her half-expected rejection.
‘In fact, Mr Howard, I also expect you to be at Barney’s on Ninth at seven-thirty this evening so we can discuss the matter further.’
Oh, she’d so got him. What a cow. He felt a fool but the news was exactly what he wanted to hear.
‘Yes, of course, Officer Webb. I look forward to meeting you with alacrity.’
Mike decided to join in with her contrived ruse by speaking in a contrite manner.
Ignoring his thesaurus skills, she snapped back.
‘I don’t expect to be kept waiting. Are we clear?’ was the curt reply.
‘Uh …yes, Ma’am. See you tonight.’
Then something new was thrown into the mix.
‘I want to bring a friend along, is that ok with you?’ Brooke asked/informed him.
Should he say yes or no? Was she testing him? His mind raced to balance an answer.
‘No, …that’s ok. If you want to bring a friend along, then please do.’
‘Buggar!’ Mike thought.
‘OK, bye, Mike.’ A much sultrier voice hung up on him than what started the call.
‘Shiiiit!’ Mike punched the air. ‘I got a date. Well, sort of. We may have a gooseberry in tow, but it’s still a date with Brooke.’
Mike thought about what he was going to say and do. He must make this date a lot of fun. Being truly captivated by her, made him determined not to screw this up by pledging to keep his drinking in check so he didn’t get too leary and put her off.
After showering, Mike jumped back on his laptop to check out what kind of place ‘Barneys’ was like. To his relief, it had fairly good reviews and luckily wasn’t a strip joint or gay bar. A friend had been burned this way, so he checked this out just in case she was setting him up. Maybe she and her police pals might be hiding somewhere and roaring with laughter while watching him squirm as their hired gay guy came on to him at the bar.
If you don’t think the integrity of a police officer would stoop to do that to someone on a first date, then you clearly don’t know the police at all.
Next, he had to choose what to wear. Mike always considered his appearance for what he deemed an important occasion. He didn’t want to look like some overdressed schmuck that might embarrass her, or worse, turn up looking like a crumpled rag.
Another important factor was to smell good, but not overpoweringly so. He owned a Lagerfeld cologne that sat on his shelf. He knew that cologne was just right. It had been a gift from a another woman he’d been close to, so presumed other ladies would approve.
Taking a cab was the best way of getting across town at that time of day, opposed to the clamour of being herded into an overcrowded metro or bus. Problem was the traffic was a little heavier than usual and it didn’t get him outside Barney’s until seven-thirty-two. Would she have waited for him or wonder if she’d been stood up?
Paying the cabbie, who, noticing his appearance, wished him luck as he rightly presumed Mike was on a date. Going straight on into the bar, Mike quickly scanned the room. His stomach churned a little in anticipation while looking for a gorgeous blonde and her friend. After a few seconds of empty searching, he felt down-hearted as he couldn’t see anyone that fitted that description.
Mike considered whether to have a drink, just in case they’d been delayed as well and arrive here at any second. He thought better of it because no police officer is ever late. Their mantra is: seven-twenty-five is on time, seven-thirty is actually late. Those that know the services will usually agree.
Being pissed with himself for not setting out earlier, Mike turned to leave. It was then he caught sight of a raised hand waving at him from a booth. He realised it was Brooke and felt elated.
Luckily, the waitress was just passing as he arrived at her cosy-boothed table, so Mike collared her for a large gin and tonic. On spotting the logoed glass, he requested another Michelob for Brooke.
‘Thanks for waiting, I almost missed you. Sorry about that.’
‘Not a good start for you, is it Mike?’
‘Am I being graded?’ he laughed.
‘Of course, you are. I don’t date just anyone.’
Taking in her stern expression, he assumed this might be going badly, but he’d already apologised. It wasn’t the end of the world, but just what did she expect for him, perhaps he should he open a vein?
Mike then heard her phone beep. Perfect, it was probably her escape text.
She read the screen but put the phone back down.
Great, he was relieved as the waitress arrived with their drinks. Taking a big gulp from the Manhattan glass, it somehow calmed his slightly nervous demeanour. Why he should be nervous with her he couldn’t fathom. Maybe it was just the excitement of meeting up with a woman he really fancied that somehow had him spooked.
Mike suddenly picked up on something.
‘Hey! Where’s your friend, I’ve been looking forward to meeting her?’
‘Oh, she couldn’t make it. Bad shrimp at lunchtime. You’ll just have to make do with me.’
‘Oh! That’s a shame. I hope she’ll be ok.’
‘She’ll be fine, I’m sure.’ Brooke lied. This was all part of her deception plan.
Asking after her friend won him a few points, even though this particular ‘friend’ was fictitious. Most men would probably swerve a date set-up like that. Yet Brooke appreciated his courage, but her suspicious cop brain then wondered if he was expecting to get a three-way out of this. Some men, (most), would actually go for an idea like that, especially if the friend was just as pretty. Men can be such pigs when lead by their dicks. Although, Mike was genuinely ok with the idea of her bringing someone along. He’d remembered back to when his older sister started dating, she’d actually done that once or twice, so he figured that’s what some women did for reassurance.
‘Here’s to a pleasant evening.’ Mike toasted her.
‘Who are you,’ she remarked facetiously, ‘the oily David Niven?’
The remark had caught him off guard, causing him to almost splutter his G&T over the table.
Wiping his face with a tissue made her laugh out loud, she was obviously enjoying his discomfort. And that was mean.
‘That’s funny, is it?’
Mike looked intently at her. He wasn’t sure if she’d only come here to make him look a fool and nothing more.
‘Mike, you’re so damned British, what with your excellent manners and posh voice. Most guys I’ve been out with would have wiped their mouth on their sleeve.’
Now irritated by her rude attitude, an unusual sudden flash of temper caused some ill-considered words to tumble out.
‘So, what you’re saying is, after all the crass assholes you’ve dated, someone with manners is a real surprise fuckin’ treat!’
He got up to leave.
Why in hell had he come here, certainly not to be laughed at. Mike truly wanted a date with her but this had been a terrible mistake.
Brooke realised she’d upset him, yet, secretly she liked the way he was angry at her. He didn’t act like some wimp that would lick her boots on command and now understood he wouldn’t always let her have her own way. That ‘I’m not taking that’ stance, turned her on.
‘Please sit down, Mike. I’m so sorry. I’ve acted like a real cow because I’m so nervous. Can we please start again?’
Brooke’s eyes flashed a momentary display of vulnerability that few had ever witnessed.
Mike realised this moment was a breakthrough as he’d discovered the true Brooke Webb and not the outer shell used when playing the hard-nosed cop.
Seeing the waitress, she ordered more drinks.
Mike looked her over while she was talking but he didn’t hear a thing. God, he did want her, more than any other woman he’d dated, and that was saying something.
After twenty minutes of honest discussion, he’d began to understand her earlier manner. It was a defence method used to fend off jerks who might want to take advantage. Brooke was now coming across as the warm and friendly person he’d suspected all along. She was shielding her true persona until he he’d won her approval and things were on the up.
In Mike’s favour, twenty minutes was probably something of a record for Brooke conversing with any particular man. In truth, Brooke’s dating history was full of gaping holes, all of which, made her very wary of the male species. Especially those arrogant cops down at the precinct who’d constantly harried her for a date when she’d first joined.
‘Did you want to get something to eat?’ Mike suggested.
‘If you’re hungry, there’s a Taco-Bell two minutes from here, but I’m good, thanks.’
‘Oh, Brooke, please God, no! With all that cheese on everything, my sinuses would go on strike.’
He tried to inject some humour. This was emphasised by him pulling a face of contorted agony.
‘How on earth can the Mexicans be a happy race when you have tequila as your national drink?’
That made Brooke laugh out loud, few men could do that so naturally.
‘Let me ask you something, Brooke?’
Wondering what it could be, she concentrated on his voice.
‘How about I cook for you tomorrow evening?’
Suggesting this on the spur of the moment, made him wonder if he was pushing his luck too far.
‘You can cook?’ Brooke asked, surprised by the offer of another date.
‘Oh, yes. In my teens, I worked in the kitchens of a high-class Gentlemen’s Club in London. It was very posh and I learned a lot. I can offer you a gastronomic night to remember.’
‘A what…?’
She was teasing him. Brooke knew full well what he meant but wanted to play the fragrant actress Elizabeth Taylor along with an outrageous Southern drawl.
‘I declare, Mr Howard, do you mean wa need to get mah maid to dust off mah tiara, ball gown and lay out mah fine whayte gloves?’
‘I’d expect nothing less, ‘Modom.’ Mike, again, feigned an upper-class British accent.
They laughed out loud together. This was a sign they’d really warmed to each other.
Discussing tomorrow night’s menu, he asked her likes and dislikes on certain foods, while secretly imploring the heavens that she wasn’t a vegetarian. She wasn’t. Great!
They were now having fun and Brooke had clearly relaxed.
Seeing she’d finished her drink, Mike kept talking as he slid his hand across the table to hold hers. She didn’t refer to it, but gently eased her hand away. He knew Brooke was going to be hard work but was sure she would be worth the effort. Not like when he was a teenager and dated this particular girl. She was pretty enough but undeniably frustrating. His pal, Andy, knew her well and told Mike she was just like shellfish: too much work and not enough meat! He'd assumed, that as a police woman, she didn’t like P.D. A’s just in case someone she knew might have spotted her. Cottoning on, he gave her an understanding nod and followed it up with an engaging smile. That pleased her.
‘Well, then, Mike, I’ll see you tomorrow evening for my culinary delight. Oh, shall I bring some wine?’
‘As long as you turn up, everything else will be gravy, as you Yanks might say.’
Her face lit up as he made it plain that she was the most important thing on his menu.
Although she already knew his address, Brooke was curious to see where he lived. No date had never cooked her a meal and she was impressed by his surprise invitation.
Mike thought this was brilliant as he’d believed he was going to have to work really hard for a second date and just get a ‘…let me think about it,’ in return.
‘You want to know why I accepted?’ Brook asked with seriousness.
Knowing he shouldn’t reply as he never tested well on those type of questions from women. He nodded a polite ‘yes’ anyway.
‘All the time we were talking, not once did I catch you staring at my boobs.’
‘Is that why you wore the low V-neck sweater, to trap me?’
She gently nodded her head several times to confirm her unfair plan with those blue-green twinkling at him.
‘You passed, Mike, well done.’
‘Well, Brooke, you’re the tricky buggar aren’t you, but before you start handing out any accolades, I do have something to confess?’
‘Oh, hell, you’re not gay, are you?’
He burst out laughing. Mike wasn’t expecting that line after her earlier praise. It suddenly made him think of home in England and was certain his parents would have loved her.
‘No, no. I’m more of a legs man, Brooke. Boobs don’t really do it for me. Don’t forget, I’m European and seen many a young mother breast feeding in public, so it’s no big deal for me.’
‘Well, good for you, but I don’t want you staring at my ass either.’
She asserted this statement firmly, along with a steely flash from those ice-blue eyes. Brooke was clearly unimpressed by his ‘reasonable’ explanation by spouting some lame excuse that should exonerate him from ogling her rear-end.
‘Again, Brooke, I’m a legs man, not butts. I know they’re connected, but no, legs only.’
Clearly, this wasn’t going to wash with her. So, he decided to shut up.
‘You guys are so weird.’
‘Yeah, I suppose we are. Although, I have a point in my defence. Don’t ladies have certain male bodily preferences. Yeah?’
‘Maybe…’ she responded grudgingly.
Desperately wanting to change the subject, Mike asked.
‘Can I take you home, Brooke?’
‘No, that’s ok. I’ll see you tomorrow evening, …my little Gordon Ramsay …maybe.’
She still wanted to hold the reins.
‘Maybe? I’m not going to all the effort of a Beggar’s Banquet for you to not show up. I want some kind of confirmation, an RSVP, if you will.’
She said ok, annoyed he’d forced it from her.
‘Another thing, Brooke. Please don’t ever use the term ‘little’ when referring to me. Dashing, yes. Youthful, certainly, but little …never, ok?’
‘Don’t be a dick, Mike. I’ve already said I’d love to come over, so stop talking all that shit, will you?’
All he’d heard from her was a ‘yes’ and grinned back in triumph.
Brooke said goodnight and went to shake his hand but received a kiss on the cheek before she could react. She was going to have to watch out for this forwardly Brit.
Out on the street, Mike admitted this was his best night out in ages and knew he was right to ask her for a date when she’d pulled him over yesterday. Was this Karma? Possibly, but Mike would probably describe it as damned good luck.
Brooke briefly smiled back. For her, it had been something unusually nice, especially once they’d blown away the bull and talked so naturally. She’d missed that in her life. Mike had too.
Opening the door on the first cab to arrive. Mike admired the way her gorgeous figure saucily slid in. He wondered if she did it on purpose to tease him.
Watching the cab take her down the street, he noticed that she’d turned around in the back seat to wave at him through the rear windshield.
He figured that was a very good sign.



5


Shit! …Fan! You figure it out!


Gary Hinds repeatedly called Mike’s cell phone until he answered.
‘You gotta come in, Mike, Drew Phillips’s giving me earache over those pictures I did for you.’
‘What’s his problem, you said the ones we’re gonna use look pretty tame?’
‘That’s just it, Mike, I fucked up, royally. Somehow the ones I’d planned to submit got mixed up with the file numbers I sent you. The ones you sent in were the files we thought were genuine UFO pictures. Now Phillips and Chartwell insist on seeing us both at ten o’clock.’
‘What the hell, Gary. Are you trying to get me fired?’
‘Look, I’m sorry, Mike, ok? It was a genuine mistake. I tried to explain that to Drew but you know what a hot-head he is. He took the story straight upstairs to Chartwell and now were in deep shit.’
‘Why did you keep those pictures, Gary, it was you that told me to destroy them?’
That was pretty rich coming from Mike, seeing as he still had them on his SD Card.
‘I know …but I just couldn’t bring myself to wipe them. You’ve gotta admit, they are pretty exciting.’
True enough.
Mike’s head was whirling, trying to think how he was going to explain himself to the editor, Hugh Chartwell. Being a tyrant and ogre of a newspaperman through and through, everyone believed he ate razor blades for breakfast and regurgitated them one by one when he needed to slash the throats of any writers producing sub-standard work. The only way to salvage this was to bite the bullet and tell Chartwell the truth. If he got fired, well, those were the breaks, at least he’d been honest.
Mike remembered he was going back to England in eight weeks anyway, it just meant he would just have to catch an earlier flight.
Gary Hinds was pacing the floor in reception when Mike entered the building. He almost ran over and looked very unwell.
‘Mike …oh fuck! We better get our stories straight before we go up.’ He panted anxiously.
‘Gary, you better calm down, old pal, or you’ll give yourself an aneurism.’
‘What are you going to tell Chartwell?’
‘I think the truth might be the best way to go.’
‘What, tell him that I doctored the other pictures and then sent in the wrong ones?’
‘Look, Gary, it was a mistake, pure and simple. Let Chartwell pick the bones out of that if he wants. If he doesn’t like it, there’s not much else we can do, is there?’
Gary wasn’t sure if Mike had the balls to present that explanation to Chartwell or just didn’t care. Either way, it looked as if they were going to get canned. He needed a back-up plan and wondered if he could turn this around to make it look like Mike’s fault and keep his job. Gary knew it would be a shitty thing to do, but needs must, he had a family.
They both went into Chartwell’s office but found he wasn’t there, even though his secretary had sent them through.
Whether this was done for effect or not, Chartwell surprised them by coming in from a secret side door neither of them had heard about. There were two other men with him. One Mike recognised; he was a high flyer with The New York Times. The other was a stranger who gave out an air of authority, yet showed a complete lack of emotion.
‘Take a seat, gentlemen.’
Chartwell spoke without warmth.
‘You’re the one that did the story, right?’ Chartwell said to Mike with a gruff tone.
Mike nodded an affirmative.
‘And you processed the pictures?’ he turned his stony gaze on Gary.
On a social level, Gary wasn’t the bravest of people and could feel he needed the loo urgently before he pissed himself.
‘What the hell possessed you both to post those pictures in my magazine without consultation?’
The question was assumed rhetorical as they both felt sure there was more coming right down the pike, and for the record, they were submitted to Drew the sub-editor.
‘I’ve got this guy here from D.C. that’s very pissed with all of us, especially me, and I don’t need it.’
‘Why is Washington so intrigued by my story, sir, we run interesting and thought-provoking articles all the time?’
Mike didn’t want to poke the bear too hard but thought he deserved some explanation as to why he and Gary were here on the carpet, so to speak.
In fear, Gary was now hunching down as if to make his body as small as possible.
Without any introductions, the man from D.C. placed a file on the desk, opened it, then slid a form across to Gary and Mike.
Glancing down at it, Mike could see it was an official governmental legal document. It warned of all sorts of bad shit that would happen if you didn’t comply, i.e. keep your mouth shut forever on this subject. It was so stringent; you couldn’t even admit that you’d even signed such an NDA.
‘Mr Chartwell, are the government allowed to infringe our reporting rights like this under the First Amendment?’ Mike enquired a little too smugly.
He was feeling indignant at being coerced into signing something he wasn’t happy about.
‘Listen, …Mike, isn’t it?’
Chartwell’s tone may have sounded conciliatory but there was a raw underlying edge to it.
‘Those bastards in Washington with their ‘Black Ops’ programs can bring a whole shit storm down on us.’
Hugh Chartwell looked at the government man when saying ‘bastards’ but the black suit didn’t even blink.
‘We’re gonna hand this story over to the Times, who are going to completely debunk it in their next publication.’
‘That’s going to make Favorite look pretty stupid, sir. We could lose all credibility with our readers.’ Mike emphasised.
‘That’s as maybe, but what you’re going to do is sign that damn form and then hand over any and all pictures you have relating to that article. That goes for both of you.’
Chartwell growled the last sentence at Mike and Gary because he was pissed over the whole affair. This governmental interference into his business was unwelcome and it rankled with him. Trouble was, he was up against the old hard-hitters of Washington who’d learned much from The Watergate Scandal and had gradually bent the laws so everything was totally in their favour. Now, when the media cited some ‘uncomfortable questions,’ for government, the answers were labelled as classified or likely to breach Homeland Security rules of the United States.
Gary had signed the NDA before Chartwell had finished his sentence.
Everyone was now looking to Mike Howard and visually urging him to do the same.
Mike was taking his time and reading the document very closely. This annoyed all present but he wasn’t going to be rushed.
‘What happens if I don’t sign it? I’m a British Citizen, remember?’ Mike directed this to the man from D.C.
There was a slight creasing at the corner of black suit’s mouth as if he was amused by Mike’s last-ditch excuse of non-compliance? At this point in time, it was hard to tell if this person was actually human as Mike had his doubts.
‘Mr Howard,’ black suit responded, ‘if you don’t sign, your life will suddenly become much more difficult. I believe your Green Card is due to expire, so you’ll be unable to work here. If you attempt to leave the country, I shall have you arrested and put in some deep and reclusive shit-hole where you’ll be soon forgotten by anyone that knew you. Do I make myself clear?’
Everyone in the office could tell this guy wasn’t fucking around. Even Chartwell felt uneasy and he was a man that feared no-one.
‘Tell me, G-Man,’ Mike was being facetious by harking back to the Dillinger era, ‘if I sign this, will you then explain why you have gone to such lengths to get the story suppressed?’
‘That’s classified and none of you have clearance.’
‘Really …is my little old UFO story such a big deal?’ Mike goaded him.
‘Sign the form.’ Black suit said in a monotone bored voice.
Mike looked around the office at the others. Gary put his hands together as if praying for Mike, to please, just sign the damned form.
Exhaling deeply, everyone could tell Mike was unhappy about this but he had to be practical. Picking up the pen, he scrawled his name above the dotted line and dated it.
Old black suit picked up the document and inspected the signature as he suspected it may have been notarised by one Donald Duck esquire. He didn’t like the British, believing they were far too full of their own self-importance in a world that knew they had little power.
Satisfied the paperwork was in order, the G-Man called in an assistant. Gary and Mike were told to hand over their i-phones and to observe as this guy permanently deleted any files that were relevant to the story.
‘The computer in the photographic department has already been cleaned, so if you have any other storage devices on you, please tell me now because if they emerge later, it will be the stockade for you.’
‘What a delight you must be at parties.’ Mike professed.
‘That’s enough!’ Chartwell reprimanded him with a snarl.
Black suit and his assistant left with no goodbye’s.
‘I was just waiting for the neuraliser, Mike, weren’t you?’ Gary quipped, referring to the Men-in-Black movie.
‘I think they’ve already used it, Gary.’
Chartwell didn’t get what they’d just said and wondered what a pair of idiots the magazine had hired. In return, they thought he was a humourless old bastard just like Black-Suit.
‘If either of you were considering privately publishing anything on this, you do understand they will come after you and cut your balls off? I advise you both to forget about those pictures.’
‘Are they scared those blurry pictures would incite rebellion and lead to a complete breakdown in society, Mr Chartwell?’
Mike was keen to know his opinion.
‘What, an Alien invasion and all that shit?’
Pausing for a moment, he duly considered his reply.
‘I think those pictures your witnesses stumbled on was an ultra-secret military project that’s so in advance of anyone else on the planet. I’m presuming, for the sake of peace, they must stop it getting out until they’re ready. As far as Washington’s concerned, I expect what they’ve got is a real game-changer, so powerful they can’t possibly allow proof of it to fall into the hands of an irresponsible or jealous country.’
Chartwell’s explanation certainly made a lot of sense if you believed in the ‘Big Picture.’ Obviously, Mike and Gary now understood it was vitally important for those genuine pictures not to see the light of day?
‘I want you both to take the rest of the week off to get this out of your system. I’m told you two are good at what you do, so don’t fuck this up by going rogue. If you do, I won’t be there to stop them dragging you away. Do we understand each other?’
Chartwell had made himself crystal clear.
Mike and Gary had little choice but to tell him they agreed.

6


Some enchanted evening?
More like the lady vanishes


Stopping at his usual store for food shopping, Mike picked up the ingredients he was needing for tonight’s dinner with Brooke. He’d been so looking forward to her visit. However, today’s events in Chartwell’s office had tarnished the day and it left him in a low mood but he was trying hard to snap out of it: ‘Brooke’s coming here you idiot, you’ve got to make sure she has fun!’
‘This should do the trick.’ Mike thought to himself as he placed six bottles of different wines and a pack of Michelob beers in his cart. He knew it was important to make a special effort.
Just after he’d loaded the shopping in the trunk of his old classic Buick Riviera, his phone beeped a text message. It was from Brooke.
‘Do you need me to pick up anything on the way over?’
Mike presumed this was her way of checking things were still going ahead and her not being stood-up at the last moment by text. He appreciated, if a woman likes you, hours will be spent getting ready for that one WOW moment.
Texting back, he replied: Thanks, but everything is in hand. See you tonight.
Maybe that read a little cold but Mike knew Brooke was someone that dealt with facts all day and his message held no subtle underlying meaning.
After preparing as much of the meal as he could, Mike took a hot shower and then shaved. He was starting to feel better by washing sad Mr Downbeat away and begun to look forward to the moment Brooke rang his doorbell.
Now dressed casually in freshly laundered denims and a buttoned-down, cotton, white, Oxford shirt. Mike looked in the mirror to see a reflected approval.
‘What a lucky girl you are, Brooke Webb.’
He laughed. Who was he kidding? But a little confidence couldn’t hurt, could it?
Setting the table, Mike was pleased with his simple display bowl centrepiece of short stemmed bright flowers that wouldn’t intimidate a guest.
The doorbell now rang.
Mike inhaled deeply as he opened the door in excited anticipation.
There she was. Dressed in linen slacks and wearing a lovely fitted blouse with simple jewellery. Her hair was down tonight, which displayed the caramel highlights he hadn’t fully seen before. Mike fancied the pants off Brooke but knew he had to play it slow.
‘How are you, Mike?’ she opened.
‘Really pleased to see you, Brooke. Please, come in.’
He kissed her cheek and knew that was okay.
Mike was trying his best not to gush; which was difficult as he was a writer.
Explaining that he still had a few things to do in the kitchen, he asked if she preferred to sit on the couch with a glass of wine or come in the kitchen with him. Brooke replied that she would sooner sit at his small table in the kitchen so they could talk, rather than be alone in the lounge.
Mike actually liked that idea but reminded himself not to curse while cooking. Sadly, in his kitchen, that was a common event, especially if he burnt a finger.
‘Whatever you’re doing over there smells great.’ Brooke told him with a winning smile.
God, she did have a lovely smile, didn’t she? And how great it was to have her right here in his apartment. It fulfilled one of his bigger wishes, though he daren’t tell her.
The logical side of his brain now took over to tell him: Mike, you old romantic, don’t fuck this up, please, whatever it is you’re thinking, don’t-fuck-this-up. 
Staying safe for the starter, he did a slice of Ogen melon with Parma ham. It was simple and refreshing. He served it up with a cold flute of sparkling brut cava wine.
‘This is nice.’ Brooke toasted him softly. She liked sparkling wine a lot, sometimes too much.
‘I’m lucky to have such a nice Italian Deli close by. I’ve come to know the owners very well and they reserve the best things in season for me as they know I like to cook.’
‘Entertain women here a lot, do you?’
Mike looked at her to check if she was teasing.
‘Not as many as you might think.’ He answered with a grin.
She smiled beautifully, while her eyes pierced his soul.
He hadn’t noticed last night just how ‘California’ her teeth were. Damn, she was so pretty. Back home in England, he knew his pals would’ve used the term: ‘Mike was punching well above his weight,’ to indicate she was far better looking than he deserved. Although, that may be true, he’d never had a problem getting a date with an above average looking woman, largely because he could hold them in a topic of conversation that interested or amused them. Mike also appreciated any woman that could do the same for him.
‘Great beauty without wit is just vanity,’ his brain quoted. He couldn’t remember who said the line. It may have been Byron? Maybe, never mind.
Clearing the plates, Mike got up to serve the main course. He’d made a rigatoni carbonara with shrimp. Yes, he’d checked she wasn’t Jewish because of the seafood. He didn’t want to look like some kind of schmuck. Mike had also made some garlic and tomato crostini for something crunchy on the side. Ladies like crunchy. However, he noticed she’d waited for him to eat the garlic and tomato first before embarking herself. Nice move, Brooke.
‘This is lovely,’ she remarked on the pasta, ‘this too.’
Brooke was holding up her goblet of Pino Grigio he’d been recommended to accompany the dish.
‘Glad you’re enjoying it.’
‘I am, do you do house calls by any chance?’
‘Oh, Brooke, listen, I’ve found a special cocktail for you, for next time you come here.’
Mike reached across the table and topped up her wine glass.
‘Are you trying to get me drunk so you can have your way with me?’
‘Oh, good, you’ve done this before.’ Mike quipped.
She laughed. Brooke was pleased she came here tonight. Mike was a great cook, good fun, plus that adorable British accent and weird sense of humor. So, three out of four wasn’t too bad.
‘So, where do you live, Brooke?’
‘Near the precinct, it’s nothing special but convenient for work.’
‘Is your location a secret?’
Brooke wasn’t ready to tell him just yet in case this new relationship didn’t work out.
‘No, it’s not a secret. I just don’t want you to think of me as a sad type, that’s all.’
‘You’ve got me interested now.’
He reached across the table and took her hand. Looking deeply into her face, he began using a fake sort of Freudian German accent.
‘You do know, my dear, zat you can tell me anyzink, I am a doctor, you know.’
Purposely looking for a favorable reaction, Mike wasn’t sure if his words amused or annoyed her.
‘You’re an idiot.’ She exclaimed, laughing.
Pleasingly, she still held his hand. Mike didn’t dare even think of it as progress.
‘How dare you, madam, I am not an idiot, I am za vorld’s foremost psychiatrist,’ he paused momentarily, ‘please lie down over zere!’
Mike pointed to the couch.
Brooke returned his gaze, wondering if he actually meant it, then decided to try something.
‘I’m not going to lie on your couch, Mr Freud, I don’t know you vell enuff.’
‘Zo,’ he continued in character, then moved in to look intently at her, ‘zat’s not a no, zen, …zehr gut?’
She took a gulp of wine to steel herself from laughing before she answered.
‘No, but don’t take anything for granted.’
‘I vood neffer do such a sing. Besides ve hafn’t had dessert.’
‘You made dessert too. May I ask vot you’ve created for me, Doctor?’
He quickly learned that Brooke liked desserts. A lot.
‘The wife that owns the Italian Deli saved some for me because I told her I was entertaining.’
Brooke was beginning to switch on to his English abstract sense of humor in reference to his: ‘…you are entertainink? maybe, …but not zo much as you sink!’
Mike looked at her with his head to one side. This woman was brilliant.
‘I’m crushed. No dessert for the mean girl.’
‘Oh no, please, no. I take it all back.’
She paused for a second. A wonderful smile erupted.
‘By the way, what is it?’
‘Not until you tell me where you live.’ Mike teased.
She really didn’t want to tell him.
‘Just dessert for me then.’ Mike said as she watched as he only got one dish from the cupboard.
‘OK! OK! If you must know. It’s a section house for single female police officers. No male overnight visitors are allowed either. How fuckin’ sad is that?’
‘Really?’ Mike posed.
‘YES!’ she exclaimed loudly. It pissed her off to reveal such information to him because it made her look like an untrustworthy teenager.
Mike got up from the table, but stopped long enough to kiss her forehead in passing.
‘Just get the damned dessert, will you?’
She snarled in feigned indignation at him.
‘Yes, m’lady.’
Mike answered her in his best Parker impersonation of the ‘Thunderbirds’ tv character. He wasn’t sure if she knew this sixties kids tv show because a blank expression was all he got from her.
Brooke watched intently as he leant into the open refrigerator and removed a covered serving bowl.
‘Ooooh! Tiramisu!’ she reacted excitedly when he placed the dessert in front of her.
Mike was amused by her eating of the rum-infused tiramisu. With every spoonful, he could hear a childlike …mmm! as she devoured this Italian masterpiece with delight.
When dinner was finished, Mike put on the percolator to make some coffee, while Brooke decamped to the couch.
‘That was the best meal I’ve had in ages,’ she congratulated Mike, but followed it up with, ‘if I keep seeing you, I’ll put on ten pounds in a week.’
‘Then perhaps we should only meet up every other week if I’m going to ruin your figure?’
She pulled him towards her with purpose.
‘Not a chance, mister,’ she growled, her eyes flashing a different type of hunger.
Brooke planted a ‘no doubts’ kiss on his lips, causing Mike to put his arms around her to prolong that kiss.
You could say the date was going well.
Suddenly, she broke away from him. It was like he’d awoken some terrible memories lurking inside her.
‘No! No! No!’ she let out in a deflated way.
‘What’s the matter?’ Mike asked, wondering what he could possibly have done wrong.
‘I’ve just remembered, you’re going back to England in eight weeks. I can’t risk getting involved with you.’
‘Yeah, that’s right, Brooke. I told you that right from the start. You know it’s just a visa thing I have to do. It shouldn’t take long. A couple of weeks at most.’
‘What if you don’t come back. Where does that leave me?’
She had a point.
‘If you fancied it, you could always come with me to England. I expect you must have some vacation time still owing?’
‘I don’t often take my vacation allowance. But to go across the Atlantic to England, hell, I’ve only been out of state a dozen or so times and I’ve never flown.’
‘Seriously?’
‘Uh, huh. Our family could never afford exotic holidays.’
Mike, of course, because of his job was a well-seasoned traveller.
‘Oh, I think we’re going to have to change all that, Brooke. It’s a big beautiful world out there and I’d love to show it to you.’
Mike kissed her deeply.
‘God, what on earth am I getting myself into?’
She squeezed him tight as deep emotions began to overwhelm her. This display of affection wasn’t like her. It began to scare her, forcing her to release her hold on Mike.
‘I’d better go.’
Brooke told him this with real conviction.
As he lamely watched her scramble to find her purse, he was left a little baffled by the speed of her leaving.
Mike just managed to grab her arm before she went through the door.
‘Brooke, if you want to see me again, and I promise I won’t pester you about it, but I think we fit well together. Anyway, I’ll leave it up to you to get in touch.’
The most positive thing he got from her was an ‘mmm,’ as she virtually fled his apartment like a hunted deer.
Mike couldn’t really understand her alarmed reaction, it was as if he’d just shoved an unwelcome hand up her skirt.
That was a metaphor as she was actually wearing slacks but you get the drift.
Seeing Brooke get into a cab and quickly leave through his kitchen window, he poured himself a much-needed coffee, while absent-mindedly adding a good shot of Bushmills Irish Whiskey into the hot black liquid as a consolation. 
Mike took a good blast and swallowed hard. The whiskey warmed his insides and began to calm him.
‘What the holy fuck was that all about?’ he wondered, bemused by this unexpected outcome.





7

The Lady Reappears



Next day was a free one for Mike. So, after phoning ahead to the DMV for an appointment, he double checked he’d all the relevant documents with him to renew his driving license as he was prone to forgetting something. Even making an appointment still had him waiting two hours to be seen. He was convinced that whoever it was that dealt with him, somehow, they would find a reason not to process his license. Mike was wrong. Once he was called, his license was quickly renewed and was out of there in twenty minutes. Perhaps it wasn’t going to be a lousy day after all.
Calling Gary Hinds may not have been a good idea, but he felt they needed a chat after that bizarre meeting in Chartwell’s office. Answering Mike’s call, Gary was clearly upset by what had transpired.
‘I spoke to Drew Phillips earlier and he said we could come back in to work tomorrow, just as long as we keep our noses clean.’
‘That’s good of him,’ Mike said, ‘but it still rankles with me, Gary.’
‘God! You won’t rock the boat, will you? Its left me feeling shaken up after what old Black Suit said. You hear things about citizens being abducted and buried out in the desert where no-one will ever find their bodies.’
‘Take it easy, Gary,’ Mike said, amused by Gary’s sense of the dramatic, ‘I won’t do anything that will come back on you.’
‘Oh, shit, Mike,’ he stammered his anxious words, ‘does that mean you are going to do something?’
‘I haven’t made up my mind.’

#

It felt weird going back in to work. Whether it was real or imagined, Mike felt people were deliberately avoiding him and he’d had enough of it by lunchtime. Mike set-to straightaway and cleared up everything by midday with nothing else pending. Thoughts now were, I might as well be bored at home as in the office.
His cell rang.
‘Mike?’
‘Yeah?’
His mind was temporarily distracted by this morning’s busy non-events and didn’t recognise Brooke’s voice at first.
‘It’s Brooke.’
There was a silence across the line as she’d expected some sort of acknowledgement from him but didn’t get one. Had he dismissed her from his mind because of the way she acted last night?
‘Oh, Hi Brooke, sorry, I was miles away. Are you ok?’
‘For a second, I thought you’d forgotten about me as you didn’t call.’
There was a mild passive/aggressive tone to her voice. Brooke didn’t take kindly to being side-lined by anyone, even though he told her that he would leave the contact down to her.
She continued.
‘Can I call over to yours later, I really need to speak with you.’
‘It’s not about my driver’s license is it?’
He could hear her sigh in exasperation down the line.
‘You can be a real dick sometimes. Are you trying to piss me off on purpose?’
‘Yes and No.’ He affirmed.
‘God, I haven’t the patience for your games today. What the hell do you mean?’
‘Yes, Brooke, I am a dick sometimes, but no, I’m not trying to piss you off.’
Brooke contemplated on hanging up. Instead, she took a breath and persevered like wives generally do when constantly irritated by their husbands but still need to put their point across.
‘Look, Mike. Is it ok if I come over later or not?’
He took a moment to consider her request, which annoyed her further, but she held her tongue.
‘Sure, shall I make some dinner or won’t you be staying long enough to eat it?’
Brooke ignored his stupid question about how long she was staying, even though she knew it was sarcastically related to her running off last night.
Nevertheless, she replied to his offer.
‘That would be great. Shall I bring some wine, if so, what would you like?’
‘A bottle of Malbec would be nice. See you later. Bye, Brooke.’
He cut her off quick to show he didn’t like being messed around, although it was encouraging to hear from her so soon. Yet, he still didn’t know what he’d actually done to fire her off last night. Perhaps, he was going to find out later but would leave it for her to mention.
So, what was he going to make for dinner? Something traditionally British, a warm and heavy comfort food?
Yes, Cottage pie, along with carrots, garden peas and broccoli. It was fairly quick to make and could be left in a warm oven once cooked. Also, it would be easy to freeze down if she didn’t show. Men can be pragmatic too.
A couple of hours later, just as Mike had finished assembling the dinner, his doorbell rang. He wasn’t expecting anyone here at four pm. Mike looked through the door spyglass and was pleasantly surprised to see it was Brooke.
‘Hello…’ Mike said as he opened the door wide, ‘…did we say four pm?’
Asking this quizzically as he felt sure they didn’t make such an early date.
‘No, this is all on me. I finished my shift at twelve and it was driving me nuts hanging around my room because I urgently need to speak with you.’
Mike indicated for her to go through to the lounge after she’d handed him her jacket. It was impossible for him not to notice how incredible she looked. She wore a figure hugging black slim-line dress. Her lovely blonde hair was straight down and curled at the ends with a slight flick upwards. The final look was complemented by heels that made her legs appear as if they went on forever. If she was trying to impress him because she knew that was his fancy, then job well done.
Of course, it was.
Asking if she would like a drink out of habitual courtesy because her magnificent form had totally distracted him, also made him gently stutter his words, which amused her. That obviously conveyed to her she’d achieved the reaction she wanted and may give her the upper hand. Maybe not a very pc thing from either side, but neither cared about that right now. This was pure male and female stuff. Maybe ‘Pure’ wasn’t the correct term, but the night was incredibly young.
Offering Brooke to sit down on the couch, he immediately joined her but left a deliberate gap. Even so, he could smell her heady and intoxicating perfume. It made him feel quite horny. Top marks, Christian Dior.
Mike was finding it difficult to look at her directly in case he lost his head before she’d the opportunity of telling him that something important on her mind.
‘Look, Mike, I guess you’ve been wondering why I took off so abruptly last night?’
‘No, not really, most women I kiss do that.’
He teased her in an effort to sound unconcerned.
She glared at him. Brooke needed to get something off her chest and he was stupidly screwing with her.
‘Shut Up, Mike!’
There was that Alpha-Dog from inside her coming out. It demanded respect and she was damn-well going to get it.
Mike recognised the officious tone and fell silent.
‘I want to apologise for acting that way last night. I’m very sorry, Mike, but I’ve been let down by men so many times. I’d almost given up on dating because of choosing the wrong types. My friends always tease me by saying: ‘Brooke sure can pick ‘em!’ That’s why I felt so scared of getting involved again.’
Mike digested what she said and couldn’t believe she’d used the word ‘scared,’ Brooke Webb scared? That seemed unlikely but here it was.
‘Well, Brooke, you should dispense with that cruel saying from your so-called friends.’
She looked into his face for an answer and wondering what on earth was he going to say?
‘Oh yeah, why’s that?’
‘Let’s not forget, Brooke, it was me that picked you, not the other way round. So, I think we stand a very good chance together, if you’ll only let it happen.’
‘Look, Mike…’
‘No, you look. I’ve been honest with you all along and will continue to do so, even if you don’t like some of my answers. If you want to be my girlfriend, it’s going to be a ‘warts and all job,’ no matter what. Maybe that won’t suit you, but I know you’re stronger than that because you’re an Alpha-Dog.’
‘What did you call me?’
She seemed mildly angry with his comparison of her to a dog, wouldn’t most people, yet she let him continue to speak as she actually knew what he meant and it didn’t bother really her at all, she just liked to see him sweat a little to keep him on his toes.
‘I know you work and move constantly in the company of men. Your conversations are nearly always with men. The majority of people you arrest are men. Some of that testosterone is bound to rub off, if only for you to survive the insanity of New York policing.’
‘Mike, you may think you know everything about me, but you don’t have the first clue?’
‘Well, that may be true. But what I just said aside, I’ve a sense of loneliness inside you. Brooke, you can tell me to go to hell if you like, but, honey, I do understand?’
‘Not this Sigmund Freud shit again is it?’
She’d deflected perfectly. The time for telling him her deep-seated fears had evaporated.
‘OK, have it your way. So, what now?’
She reached across and took his hands in hers. Those eyes were now looking him over for a body-language tell.
‘Mike, you’re right, you’ve got to become more understanding of me. I promise I will tell you everything in time.’
Mike smiled and gave a warm nod of agreement but didn’t really know what he had to be more understanding about. Unless one of her secrets was that she was a post-op dude, otherwise, he wasn’t too bothered as he felt sure she would tell him when ready.
Brooke leant over and briefly kissed him. She then stood up, curiously looking over at the kitchen. Clearly, she didn’t want to discuss their relationship any more.
‘So, what’s on the menu tonight, my handsome chef.’
‘More like, what’s to eat my Kitchen Bitch!’ he countered.
A smile emanated from her lips.
Brooke laughed. That was truly cop humour and she liked it.
Moving closer to the kitchen area, Brooke could smell an aroma that pleased her nose.
‘Come on, tell me, what are we having?’
‘You’ll find out soon enough. I’m sorry to say, but you arrived much earlier than expected and you caught me on the hop. You’ll have to excuse me for a while as I was going to take a bath, but, not before I make you that special cocktail I promised.’
‘Really, you are a man of many talents. Go ahead, impress me.’
Mike realised by her lighter mood it was going to be a nice evening.
Brooke casually looked through his cd collection and discarded ninety-five per cent of it until she found an old Al Green album. She assumed, correctly, it was a gift from a previous lover as he didn’t seem the type to go out and buy love songs by Al Green. Turning on the player, she inserted the disc, then sat back down on the couch.
Mike came over and handed her a Manhattan glass containing a raspberry coloured liquid with an unusual garnish.
‘This looks interesting and pretty. What’s it called?’
‘Take a sip,’ he encouraged.
She did, using the straw, her eyes widened as the liquid made its presence felt. She said nothing more than ‘WOW!’
It now made her eyes close from its unexpected power.
‘It’s called a ‘Mexican Standoff.’
‘I’m not surprised. What the hell’s in this?’
She held up the glass in an effort to determine what it might contain.
He revealed the contents.
‘Vodka, double tequila, Brazilian Passoa, all over crushed ice, with a frozen berry mix at the bottom. Do you like it?’
‘God, yes, but why did you choose that particular one?’
She’d immediately realised her question was rhetorical because of the cocktail name.
‘OK, I get it.’ She quickly acknowledged.
‘Enjoy it, my fiery sweet. I’m off to take my bath now. Oh! …and if you’d like to pop along in a few minutes to soap my back, you’d be more than welcome.’
‘Yeah, I’m sure I would!’ Brooke answered scornfully but displaying a womanly knowing grin.
‘I’d do it for you.’ Mike countered playfully.
‘I’ll just bet you would, you pervert.’
‘HEY!’ Mike exclaimed; feigning hurt feelings.
Leaving the gorgeous Brooke with Al Green and her explosive cocktail, it was with renewed hope in his heart.
Ten minutes later, a soft voice called out to announce she was coming into the bathroom. Whether it was curiosity or helpfulness, he’d probably never know, but he had his own ideas on the matter.
‘Hi,’ came the greeting from the slightly red flushed face that appeared from around the purposely unlocked door. ‘I wondered if you still needed a hand?’
Mike wondered if her enquiry was as heavily-loaded as her cocktail or was it the very steamy bathroom that gave her the flushed face. Perhaps, it was a mixture of both?
Knowing how prudish the Americans are, he’d the foresight to add some bubble bath to the water, at least enough to cover his junk.
Mike passed her his bath sponge.
‘Where’s the soap?’ she asked.
Mike suddenly burst into laughter.
‘Why’s that funny, you fool?’
She gently slapped him with the sponge.
‘Sorry, yeah, sorry, it’s an old English schoolboy joke.’
‘Really, do tell.’
‘Ah, that’s ok, it’s too silly.’
‘Now you have me intrigued, Mister Howard, please, do continue.’
She did too by soaping his back delicately with the sponge. He liked her touch.
Now convinced it was the cocktail after all as her speech seemed a little slurred, which probably made her a lot braver than usual in this kind of situation.
‘OK, but remember you did insist. It’s all about two nuns sharing a tub on bath night.’
‘Yeah, so?’
‘The younger one says: ‘Where’s the soap?’ and the older nun says: ‘Yes, it does, doesn’t it.’
Brooke thought about it while continuing the gentle soaping, maybe it was the booze that had her befuddled as it didn’t make any sense.
‘How’s that funny?’ she demanded softly.
‘No, it’s just a play on words, Brooke. Pretty childish and stupid really.’
‘Explain?’
‘You sure?’
‘Yes, dammit!’
‘OK! The younger nun asks: ‘where’s the soap?’ but the older nun hears it as: wear’s the soap, as she’s been using it as a substitute dildo for years.’
‘UGH! That’s disgusting.’ Brooke’s face grimaced.
‘Yeah, like you’re not going to be telling that one at the next cop’s benefit night, right?’
‘No… certainly not, well …err, …maybe.’
Brooke got up from her kneeling position by the tub side to throw the wet sponge right in Mike’s face as hard as she could.
‘Oh, very mature!’
He called out after her as she left the bathroom. What he couldn’t see was the huge grin on her very flushed face as she made her way back to finish the remnants of her Mexican Standoff Cocktail.
Thinking about her situation, she sincerely hoped Mike wouldn’t be too long because she needed some food inside her to soak up the effects the booze was having.
Mike soon appeared, looking good and smelling fine. Like Brooke, he hadn’t eaten since breakfast, so he quickly dished up the meal and called her to the table.
‘This looks good, Mike, thanks.’
‘Its exquisite taste is only matched by the wonderful-looking guest I have.’
Brooke mimed the vomit inducing comment he’d just made about her. She didn’t really take compliments very well, especially such cheesy one’s as that. Although, she’d noted it was the first time anyone had called her wonderful and accepted it with grace.
Mike tried to ignore his feelings as she remained to look sensational, but kept that secret to himself.
At the end of the meal, Mike decided it was probably best to get some coffee into the slightly inebriated Brooke. When she actually raised the subject of why she’d dressed the way she had. She needed him to understand.
‘Do you know why I dressed up like this tonight?’
It was as if her hands gestured something he thought might be a charades clue.
Mike did have a witty reply ready: ‘…to show me what I’d be missing if I didn’t tow the line?’
Fortunately for him, he held back from that temptation and waited for her to continue.
‘This is our third date, Mike.’
‘Yes, you said earlier.’
‘Well?’
It was now his turn to not understand. ‘Good grief,’ he thought, ‘women can be complex creatures.’
‘Are all you Brits a little on the slow side?’ she slurred facetiously. 
‘Mostly. What your point?’
She exhaled noticeably; her tolerance for him or the booze was getting shorter by the second.
‘This is our third date, Mike. Hell, I’ve even brought my toothbrush!’
Brooke saw his face look genuinely puzzled but then it changed displaying a happy grin.
So, the penny had finally dropped.
‘A third date mean sex in the USA?’
Brooke nodded as if she’d been caught out doing something naughty by admitting it was so.
‘Third date… who knew?’ he exclaimed softly.
‘God dammit, Mike, I’ve even made the effort to shave my legs. Look, I’m wearing panty-hose, for goodness sake!’
Brooke demonstrated this by swinging one of her legs out for him to notice. She certainly did have great legs and for the first time he’d actually seen them in all their slender and elegant glory. What great luck for him and he mentally marked them nine out of ten. He would never tell her those stats in case she punched him again. Some women can be very physical if they don’t like what a man says about them.
‘So, what do you Brits do?’
As for this third date revelation, Mike hadn’t actually considered his home protocols before.
‘Well, some couples go at it ‘hammer and tongs’ from the very first night. Others might wait a week, maybe even a month or whenever. There is no hard and fast rule, if you’ll excuse my pun. Most wait until it feels right or just when the girl says ok. Gosh, Brooke, this third date convention puts a couple under a lot of pressure doesn’t it, especially if you don’t really know each other that well or maybe not ready to get it on?’
‘I’m glad you’re thinking that way, Mike. You’re quite a liberated guy aren’t you.’
‘I’m European, Brooke, we’re generally a bit more relaxed about such things.’
He smiled at her like the cat that got the cream.
She smiled back, then added.
‘You’re not too relaxed, I hope?’
He looked at her face and she winked.
‘Huh? Oh, OK!’ Mike cottoned on to her meaning but still asked if she would like some coffee, just in case he’d misread the signs.
Brooke shook her head and grabbed his hand to lead him to the bedroom.
Mike dearly hoped that this was going to happen or should he still be prepared for her to blow hot and cold again. Nevertheless, he was now standing over the plate and determined to bring his A-Game. He wanted to make it a nice experience for her as well.
But where to start?



8


The Drawbridge is Down


It was ten-thirty the following morning when Mike woke. His head felt muzzy but not because of last night’s booze. It was due to sleep deprivation. He was exhausted, completely knackered, but in a good and warmly fulfilled way. Before tonight, Mike wondered if Brooke might be the reserved type in bed. That may possibly have been so at one time, but due to her exceptional alcohol intake, it had conveniently swept away those pesky inhibitions and turned her into an exciting and enthusiastic lover.
His eyes were still bleary and hadn’t yet noticed Brooke’s side of the bed was empty. Putting his left arm across to touch her, he now realised she wasn’t there.
Pushing himself to sit upright, he gazed hard at the bed-side digital clock-radio.
‘Ten-Thirty!’ he called out with surprise. ‘Damn, she must have left hours ago. What a shame, …but first, a manly duty.
Getting out of bed, he briskly stepped towards the bathroom, uncomfortably desperate for a pee. He obviously hadn’t got up for his usual four am nature call, which would account for why this one was taking forever to finish.
While washing his hands, Mike became aware of a dull thud that seemed to come from the kitchen. Going to investigate the noise, he was now presented with a lovely blonde figure but wearing familiar clothes that made him produce a huge grin.
‘Not too tight, were they?’ Mike enquired as her new outfit had taken him by surprise.
‘You’re a cheeky bastard, Mike. I couldn’t wear that dress and heels down to the coffee shop, now could I, they would be recognised as ‘walk of shame’ clothes?’
‘They would’ve certainly caused a stir, for sure, but choosing to wear my T-shirt, gym pants, trainers and jacket…’ He paused, and had to admit, ‘…you look far better in them than I do.’
Brooke just shrugged; it was something she’d had to do for appearance’s sake on a Sunday morning coffee run.
Mike sat himself down at the table and opened up the beaker of black coffee. Watching her shed his jacket and place it on the back of a chair was amusing, but better yet, Brooke got a couple of side plates for the pastries she’d bought from the deli, to then sit down opposite him. For some reason, as she bit into the frosted bun, she seemed preoccupied or possibly even a little subdued.
‘Thank you for this.’ Mike indicated at the delicious items in front of him.
‘Uh-huh,’ was all he got back.
The room was quiet for a full five minutes before Mike broke the silence.
‘Are you ok this morning, Brooke? When I woke, I felt disappointed as I thought you’d left?’
‘Do you wish that I had?’ She looked up for his reaction to her question.
He knew he must pick his words wisely but his brain was struggling.
Mike reached for her hand.
This got her attention as his blood-shot eyes met with her surprisingly blue chipper ones.
‘I’ve got to ask. Do you have ‘Lover’s remorse,’ Brooke?’
(It’s known as shagger’s remorse in England but he didn’t want to sound uncouth.)
‘Why do you think that?’
‘Well, you seem… he was going to say regretful, instead, from his cerebral lexicon, he chose the word: …unsettled.’ Perhaps you now feel it was a mistake staying over and realised I’m not the one for you.’
Mike took a big swig of his coffee, preparing himself for her reply.
‘Oh, Mike, you are an idiot. Look, last night was a really big step for me.’
Oh God! Mike suddenly thought to himself. He hadn’t even considered the possibility that she might be a virgin, however implausible for a woman in her mid-twenties that may seem.
‘I hadn’t thought about that, Brooke, I just assumed. Honey, you could have told me. I would have been extra gentle?’
Mike spoke to her in an understanding and tender voice.
‘What the heck are you going on about?’
She reacted to his words by sitting up in a stiffer pose and clearly looked confused.
‘Brooke, …you know, …I thought that you might be a virgin.’
‘Oh, you idiot, what on earth made you think I was a virgin!’
Mike exhaled in relief. Although, he’d noticed she did call him an idiot a lot.
‘Last night’s big step?’
Brooke shook her head in amused disbelief.
‘That’s not fair, you’ve had me wondering if I’d treated you a little too roughly?’ Mike countered.
‘No …that part was nice.’
‘NICE! he exclaimed boldly …I brought my bloody A-Game and you thought I was just nice. Well that’s just great!’
His voice was raised in playful indignation.
‘What do you expect from me, Mike, marks out of ten?’
Brooke sounded exasperated and kind of sad at the same time.
Wanting to lighten the mood somewhat, he considered saying: ‘…you could have held up score cards or at least your eyes could’ve spun around in your head like a slot machine.’ Fortunately, he resisted the temptation.
She shook her head.
‘Then I’m confused at why you feel so downbeat today. I don’t think I’m being unfair when I say that you can blow a little hot and cold?’
Brooke now realised that she must come over like that and would try to stop it. In her defence she tried to explain.
‘Do you know how cautious I have to be as a cop?’
‘Yeah, you told me. You’ve checked me out, twice. I’m not bloody Al Capone, am I?’
‘That’s not what I mean.’
‘Come on then, Brooke, tell me, warts and all?’
‘I’m sorry, it’s just I get a little moody after I’ve given myself to someone. I get defensive as I have a fear of rejection and don’t handle it that well.’
‘A little moody …no shit! What do want from me, Brooke, a polygraph test to confirm that I’m crazy about you?’
Mike paused, and looked into her face, waiting for some kind of answer.
‘My God! You’re not actually considering that are you?’
It was like a switch; her attitude completely changed and she was now laughing.
‘Yes, if you wouldn’t mind, honey.’
Also laughing, Mike told her to fuck off.
It seemed her cloud had lifted and she leant across the table to kiss him.
‘Oh, Brooke.’ Mike exhaled, ‘what the hell am I going to do with you?’
‘Just be kind.’
‘I was thinking back to when my grandfather was alive, when he tried to explain women to me when I was a teenager and about to start dating.’
She offered an understandable facetious answer: ‘What, to treat us all like glass princesses and always be super-considerate?’
‘No, that you’re all flippin nuts!’
Her hand slapped his upper arm hard.
‘Owww!’ he recoiled, ‘that bloody hurt, you mad cow!’
She grinned, now with fiery passion in her eyes.
Mike wondered if that slapping him may have turned her on. Maybe she liked to dominate a guy. It wasn’t unknown.
‘Let’s go back to bed,’ she virtually demanded as she stood up from the table and offered her hand.
‘You’re not going to hurt me, are you?’ Mike comically whispered.
‘We’ll see.’
This was all the reply he was going to get as she pulled him towards the bedroom. It was good that he’d eaten a couple of those frosted buns for their energy rush because she did seem worryingly enthusiastic.
#

Later that day, Mike had an idea that could open up their relationship some more.
‘Hey, Brooke, Friday evenings after work, a lot of us from the magazine meet up in Riordan’s Irish Pub on Ninth Avenue to have a drink and celebrate the end of the working week. It’s a good mix of men and women, why don’t you come along?’
‘I’m not sure about that. When people know you’re a cop it generally puts a downer on the party plus I don’t know any of your people.’
‘I’ll tell them my new girlfriend is a social worker and they’ll understand why you like to drink. The rest of the week it’s a sports bar but Friday night they turn off the tv’s and play 70’s disco and karaoke music. It’s good fun and I’m sure they’re gonna love you.’
‘Let me think about it, Mike.’



9


I think this may have been a bad idea


Mike knew Brooke had a day shift today and he would only be able to contact her by text, but received no reply as yet. He wondered if she was fretting about coming to Riordan’s tonight as he’d tried several times during the week to get an answer from her but she still persisted in, ‘I’m still thinking about it.’
By the time Mike and the others were ready to quit work on Friday, he still hadn’t heard from her. Maybe, it was for the best, so when the time came, the group all left the magazine building together and headed for the Irish bar.
When they arrived, the place was heaving as it was someone’s birthday. You could tell the crowd of people already there really had a head start on the drinking. What else could Mike’s bunch do but find out that is was Yvonne’s birthday and all raise a glass in celebration.
After buying his third drink, Mike gave up casting the odd glance over at the door to see if Brooke was here. He’d resigned himself to the fact she wasn’t coming, so allowed himself to be persuaded to sing a karaoke number. Although he’d been chatting away to some of his colleagues for a short while, he was surprised how quickly his turn came around.
It was only a postage stamp size stage but it was amazing how different you felt being those extra few inches higher than the crowd.
The music started and Mike was passed the mike (the irony wasn’t lost on him). Of course, he’d selected The Doors song: Light my Fire and didn’t need the lyric on the screen as he knew it by heart. His start was a bit shaky but he quickly got into it and everyone joined in with the chorus of ‘Come on, baby, light my fire’ and to his amazement, got a rapturous applause at the end with much back slapping of encouragement as he left the stage.
A few of the ladies from work came over to say they were surprised at what a lovely singing voice he had and wanted to buy him a drink. They hadn’t done that before and it left Mike feeling on a high.
‘Got the women buying you drinks, eh, Mike? I’m going to have to watch out for you.’
Mike turned around and saw it was Brooke. This made his night feel even better. He lifted her up and off her feet and swung her around, then planted a long kiss on her lips after he’d let her back down.
The crowd cheered seeing Mike kissing this woman but it embarrassed Brooke from head to toe. Mike had mentioned to one or two closer colleagues that he had a new girlfriend, but after working there for over a year, some suspected that she may be fictitious.
Looking her up and down, she looked gorgeous with a rock-chick edge. She was wearing a lacey top that had a black net see through panel over her cleavage, brown leather tight pants and heels that seemed to go on forever.
Brooke noticed him looking her over.
‘What do you think?’ she asked.
‘Beautiful. Jim would have been proud.’
She was going to ask, Jim who? But immediately got his meaning after coming in on the tail end of his song.
‘I’m so pleased you’re here. What can I get you to drink?
‘I see the Michelob is on tap here, get me one of those, Mike.
‘I’ll be right back. Oh, over there is Suzie and Barbra, Sadia and Nicole, let me introduce you, they’re nice ladies.’
‘No, that’s ok, I’ll keep our places here at the table.’
‘OK, but watch out for sharks!’
That made her laugh.
Within thirty seconds of Mike going to the busy bar, she was hit upon by a guy called Reece from the magazine. Brooke figured correctly he was drunk but also very much in love with himself.
‘You look so sexy,’ was his opening gambit, ‘I’d really like to see you.’ Reece slurred. He was the nephew of Hugh Chartwell the magazine’s owner and used that connection to great advantage.
‘You’d like to see me?’ Brooke queried.
‘No, what I meant was, I’d really like to see my penis in you.’
He grinned at her with an inane smile and eyes half-closed.
Brooke took on a tough attitude.
‘OK, then, let’s see what you’ve got?’
‘What here?’
‘Yeah, why not? If you measure up, we’ve got a deal.’
Obviously, she was calling his bluff. Trouble was, he was so drunk that it didn’t occur to him there were people all around. He began to lower his zipper, which certainly surprised Brooke, she felt sure he would wimp out and go away meekly. Not a bit of it. Reece began swaying to the music, then raising and lowering his zip to the beat of the music. Several people in the crowd saw this and began clapping and chanting along with misplaced encouragement.
Completely absorbed in his mission, Reece now reached down inside his fly in an attempt to display all he had been dared to do by Brooke.
Luckily, as Mike arrived back with the drinks, he witnessed Reece being dragged away by a couple of his pals, with a portion of his underpants and shirt poking through the opened fly.
‘She told me to do it!’ was what most people heard from him as he continued to be ejected from the bar.
‘Well, that’s just great!’ Mike gruffly spoke.
‘What do you mean?’ Brooke enquired obtusely.
‘I turn my back on you for a minute, when I return, there you are with one of my co-workers, daring him to get his cock out in public. Is that any way for a girlfriend to behave, especially around all my colleagues? I’ll be the hot topic of conversation on Monday, thanks a lot.’
‘I think all your male co-workers will admire you for having such a feisty, sexy woman for a girlfriend, don’t you?’
He paused.
‘Yeah, well, maybe. But please don’t do that again.’
‘Better make sure you keep a close eye on me, Mike.’
‘I suppose I better had.’
They left the bar and took a cab back to his place. Brooke hinted that she was going to make it up to him. Mike initially liked the sound of that, but slowly became quite apprehensive of what she actually might do.



10


Post Coital Questioning


The following morning, Mike began thinking about what they could do with the rest of their day together, he’d already begun working on an idea for dinner.
‘I’m going down to the deli to get some things; would you like to come?’
‘No, thanks, I hate food shopping. In fact, I don’t like shopping very much at all. I’ll get up in a minute and do a bit of cleaning.’
‘You’re a rare woman, Brooke, not liking shopping, I don’t recall hearing any woman say that. Are you sure you’re not a post-op dude?’
‘Not since the last time I looked. Anyway, here’s a secret for you.
Mike stopped to concentrate on her revelation.
‘Last night’s sexy outfit and shoes, I borrowed them from one of the girls at the section house.’
‘So, are you’re telling me you’re mostly a jeans and T-shirt girl?’
‘Pretty much. The other night’s dress as well. Has that ruined my chances as I know that you’re a legs man?’
‘Well, Brooke, you’re not doing yourself any favours but I suppose I can learn to live with it.’
‘God, we know you’re an unmitigated idiot, Mike, but don’t disappoint me by being a chauvinist. It’s no wonder you deserve the occasional slap. I’m not a girly girl, so you’d better get used to it.’
‘It’s a shame because you looked so good in those fashionable clothes. Do you keep the boyish stuff put by to wear when you practise the odd resisting arrest or student campus riot?’
‘Yeah, something like that.’
Brooke shook her head in feigned annoyance. She was happy in her own skin and didn’t need six-inch heels to feel sexy.
‘There’s something else I need to ask you, Mike.’
‘Oh, yeah, what’s that?’
‘Has there been many women in this bed?’
‘That’s a difficult one to answer, Brooke.’
He wanted to tease her, although he knew he shouldn’t.
‘Did you mean on it or in it?’
‘Funny. I know I don’t have the right to ask because we both have history.’
‘Sure, you can ask, Brooke, but I really can’t say.’
‘Can’t or won’t?’
‘Can’t, because I don’t know the number.’
‘Are you some sort of Super Stud?’
‘Kind of you to ask, but no.’
Mike could see she was becoming irritated and he didn’t want to prolong the teasing any further.
‘The reason why I don’t know is because I rented this apartment as furnished and the bed was already here.’
She slapped his arm hard, again.
‘You really are a shit, Mike. I don’t think I could put up with this crap from anyone else, just don’t push your luck, okay?’
‘Maybe that’s why you’re crazy about me?’
Brooke didn’t answer. Maybe she was coming realise that it may be true and forced her into an uncomfortable silence.
Mike held her face in his hands.
‘Don’t worry, I’m just as crazy about you.’
He kissed her.
She kissed him back with passion. He’d really got under her skin and it frightened her.
Later that afternoon, Brooke asked to use his laptop to catch up with her emails while he was out.
Mike unlocked it and asked her not to attempt to access certain files as it would immediately lock her out until he returned. She asked if there was anything arrestable on it, but he assured her there wasn’t anything pornographic or depraved, just confidential.
‘I’ll be back in an hour; do you need anything?’ Mike asked, expecting a no.
‘A Plan-B pack, if you wouldn’t mind.’
‘Really?’
He was surprised by the request, although, in reality, he really shouldn’t be.
‘You know what that is, college boy?’
‘Of course, I do. I am an adult, Brooke.’ (it’s called the ‘morning after’ pill in the UK)
‘Well, I’m going to need that if we’re going to continue having unprotected sex this weekend.’
She looked at him for a reaction.
Mike was thinking fast. He really did enjoy unprotected sex with her. No question. So, buying it was a no-brainer.
‘I’ll see what I can do.’
‘Why didn’t you get those before you came over, Miss Third Date Means Sex?’
‘Are you going to interrogate me further or do you want sex again when you get back?
‘Shutting up right now.’ Mike clearly responded, his mind thinking of how he was going to ask for Plan-B at the pharmacy as he felt certain he would get a female pharmacist.
‘See you later, Mike.’
As he left, he couldn’t help notice a sort of triumphant look on her face. This was probably a test to see if he had the guts to get those things for her. Yeah, well, he was going to show her. He’d purchased tampons and other sanitary products before for other women, he could do this, no danger.
#

Being a curious soul, Brooke began sifting through his work and personal emails, which produced nothing out of the ordinary. After that, she decided to take a relaxing bath while she could. It was only when she crossed the room, she suddenly found she’d stepped on something hard. Raising her right foot, she saw an SD Card stuck to her sole. Peeling it off, she wondered what it might contain.
Opening up the laptop again, she saw the slot for the card and pressed it in. It took a few seconds to load the text and jpeg files. Unusually, it wasn’t password protected, so she decided to open them.
First, she eagerly skim read the story Mike had composed. It seemed a little sensationalist for her but maybe that’s how his magazine readers liked it. Taking that with a pinch of salt, she moved across to open the image files. The first few were blurry and difficult to determine anything. The next few were from someone called Molly Lindsay and a lot more definitive. They surprised Brooke, even though she knew they could so easily be fakes.
Finally, the images from Jim and Dierdre Lewis, though not quite as sharp as Mrs Lindsay’s pictures, still held up well in comparison for shape and colour. Brooke tried to downplay his story as she’d personally handed over prisoners for psychiatric treatment at Bellevue Hospital. Some swearing they’d been abducted by aliens who’d made them commit crimes after putting things inside their brain. Personally, she didn’t buy any of that stuff at all. Those poor individuals were sick and needed help.
The door to Mike’s apartment suddenly opened with a jangle of his keys, causing Brooke to leap up and snap the laptop lid closed.
‘You were quick.’ Brooke said, looking slightly embarrassed at being caught with her hands in the cookie jar.
Mike put the shopping on the kitchen counter.
‘I’ve been nearly an hour; did you get done with your emails?’
‘Yes, thanks. I was about to take a bath but got caught up in some unexpected things and the time passed me by.’
‘You can still have your bath while I make dinner.’
Mike pulled out a cold bottle of Chablis from one of his bags and poured Brooke a glass.
‘Here, take this with you.’
‘I’m feeling a little spoiled today,’ she swished her hips like a self-aware fashion model, ‘I like this place, I think I’m going to stick around.’
Brooke kissed him, took the glass, raised it in a toast, then made her way to the bathroom.’
‘Don’t forget,’ he called after her, ‘if you need your back soaping, just give me a yell.’
‘No thanks, just call me when dinner’s ready.’
That was the only encouragement he was going to get. He often forgot how prude some Americans were when not having imbibed alcohol.
He left the medications he’d bought at the end of the counter inside their unmistakable, green-crossed, pharmacy paper bag. This proved to her he wasn’t shy about buying women’s personal products and hoped this would elevate him in her estimation.
‘As if I need her approval!’ he spoke softly to himself.
With the dinner sorted and slowly ticking over, Mike went to his laptop and flipped up the lid and waited for it to boot up. He now sat transfixed in front of it. There it was, the text and pictures of the forbidden story. It somehow spooked him that someone else had seen it. He even looked around the room with an expectation of trouble.
‘Oh! that’s so much better.’
Brooke’s voice made him jump as his concentration was so engrossed in what he’d unexpectedly found.
‘What have you done, Brooke?’
Mike sounded disappointed with her.
‘I went over there and the SD Card was on the floor and it stuck to my foot.’
She pointed to demonstrate where it had happened.
‘So, you loaded it up to take a peek?’
‘I was interested in what you do for a living.’
That suddenly felt a little scary. This could go badly for him. He yanked out the SD Card and used the kitchen scissors to cut it in half.
‘That’s a bit excessive, Mike, it’s only a few pictures and a fairy story.’
‘Fuck me, Brooke, you really have no idea!’
Brooke didn’t scare easily but the ashen look on Mike’s face told her this was serious.
‘Take it easy, Mike, what the heck did I do?’
‘How long since you opened up those files?’
‘No more than half an hour. What’s going on, Mike?’
‘OH, SHIT!’ he exclaimed and sat down again. She saw he was clearly troubled.
‘Were you on the Wi-Fi the whole time?’
She nodded a reluctant yes.
He was about to say something else when his cell phone rang. It was Gary.
‘Mike, what the fuck did you do?’
‘What?’
‘I’ve been told to report in to Chartwell’s office asap, have they been on to you?’
‘No, but I’ve just discovered several missed calls have been logged. Gary, pal, take a deep breath and explain.’
‘About twenty minutes ago, I got a call to say I’d broken the non-disclosure agreement and must surrender myself to Chartwell and wait for collection by the FBI.’
‘Are you going to do that?’ Mike asked.
Gary sounded more than a little nervous.
‘Fuck, No, Mike, have you seen the news online?’
‘I’ve not looked today.’
‘You know that hotel you went to in …where the hell was it?’
‘Warrensburg.’ Mike assisted.
‘Yeah, that’s it. Burnt to the fucking ground with the husband and wife inside.’
His thoughts were instantly of poor Molly.
‘That’s terrible, Gary, but that could just be an unfortunate accident.’
‘Yeah, it could have been accident, until I searched the local reports in the surrounding areas. That couple you went to see in Chestertown, …uh! …the Lewis’s. The local sheriff just attended their SUV wreck where it was rear-ended onto a railway crossing immediately before the train arrived. It killed them both, Mike. Do you think that was an accident too? What the hell are we going to do?’
‘Where are you right now, Gary?’
‘Not going to Chartwell’s office, that’s for damn sure. Look, Mike, I’m going to take the sim card out my cell phone and I recommend you do the same so they can’t track us. Bye Mike and good luck.’
‘Hold on a second, where you going to go, Gary?’
‘I can’t tell you that, Mike, but just get out of the country as fast as you can. I’ve loaded my car and getting out of New….’
The line went dead.
Mike tried to redial. Nothing. Did it again. Same result.
Now he was worried.



11


Things get sticky


Brooke could see the anxious look on Mike’s face and knew something was seriously wrong.
‘What’s happening, Mike? Is this because of me?’
‘Don’t worry, Brooke, they can’t trace anything directly to you, so you’d better get going. I’ve got to leave right now and you must understand that I can’t come back. Some covert military types are going to chase after Gary and me, so things may get hot for a while. We signed secret non-disclosure forms about those pictures.’
‘Do you think they hacked your laptop and saw what I found on the SD Card?’
‘I expect so. Land of the free, huh!’
‘Should I be arresting you, Mike?’
Brooke was trying to lighten the mood because his news had scared her and she was unsure what to do.
‘You can if you want, but then you’ll have to explain to them why you were here and what actually happened. For your sake, I’d sooner you didn’t.
‘It was an accident, Mike. Perhaps they’ll let you go if I explain.’
‘I can’t take the chance, Brooke, you know how understanding the military has become in this country. Apparently, the president’s dog’s name is classified.’
Brooke ignored his jibe at the dog’s name, yet agreed with Mike on how tight security had become since 9/11.
‘Overzealous might be the correct term, Brooke. For god’s sake, they were just a couple of pictures of an unidentified aircraft taken at night. How much of a threat to national security is that? Bloody hell! This is really overegging the pudding, isn’t it?’
‘So, I’ll never see you again, is that it?’
Brooke almost snarled in frustration as saying those words surprisingly hurt.
‘I’m gutted too, honey, but I don’t want you caught up in this.’
‘I want to help, Mike.’
‘Then go home and forget about me.’
‘Where are you going to go?’
‘I’m not sure yet but I’ve a couple of contacts that may be able to help.’
‘Mike, I have an idea, let me come with you and I’ll explain on the way.’
He saw that implacable look of iron she portrayed when her mind was set.
‘You know this is pretty wonderful of you?’
‘Yeah, well, you’re still an ass!’
Brooke was deflecting his compliments because she had more important things on her mind.
Regardless of that, they put their arms around each other and kissed with the passion of the desperate. Regrettably, Mike had to break their embrace as time was very short. Another thought suddenly made him wonder what the hell had happened to Gary. He hoped his friend was ok.
Going round to the rear of the building to collect his car, he couldn’t help notice a disappointed look on Brooke’s face when he opened up his classic ‘83 Buick Riviera convertible. He inserted the key and it fired up straightaway.
‘I’m surprised this piece of junk still works,’ Brooke said, scrutinising his prized car with something resembling a sneer.
‘Don’t listen to the nasty lady, Ruby.’ Mike exclaimed, while smoothing the top of the dash with a loving hand.
‘Ruby?’
‘Yeah, Ruby, …the Riviera.’ Mike thought this fine convertible deserved a name and chose it because of the ruby-red leather interior.
‘Do you think this old clunker will get us where we need to go because we can’t afford a breakdown or having to call ‘Triple A’?’
‘This is a reliable classic car. Even Arnie had one in a movie.’
‘Oh yeah, what movie?’ she asked, unconvinced.
‘Raw Deal,’ Mike grinned. ‘Apparently, he smashed up six of them on set.’
‘I don’t blame him,’ she pinged back instantly.
‘Funny, Brooke, you should be on the stage.’ Mike responded
‘Really?’
‘Yeah, sweeping it.’
‘OOOH!’ she emphasised, ‘…burn!’
Now that was sarcasm.
Brooke changed her tone.
‘Mike take a left up there, we’re going to my place to pick up a few things, then on to my precinct.’
‘Oh, shit, Brooke, are you going to arrest me?’
‘I’m seriously considering it.’
His head turned right to look at her face as she looked left back at him.
It was almost imperceptible, but he could just see the slight wry smile at the corners of her mouth, along with those twinkling blue eyes, which was certainly a relief for him.
‘Pull over, just up there,’ she indicated.
Just about to get out, she told him she would be no more than ten minutes to collect her things from upstairs.
‘Apples,’ Mike announced.
‘Are you having a stroke, Mike?’
‘No, ‘…apples and pears’ stairs, you’ll soon get the hang of it.’
‘Does that make you a ‘treasure hunt’ Mike?’
‘Good one, but no …it’s,’ he was trying to tell her but she cut him off.
‘No more of that shit Mike or I will arrest you for crimes to the English language, and punishable by a good kick in the balls.’
Brooke slammed the passenger door after she got out. It didn’t close right.
‘Fucking piece of shit!’ she yelled back at him, now striding off in exasperation.
‘I don’t know if she was talking to me or you, Ruby,’ Mike said to his beloved Buick. ‘Probably me,’ he surmised, along with a big grin on his face. God, he really liked her.
Mike decided to call Gary again from his cell phone. It told him this number was no longer in service. Damn! It was clear to Mike the situation had escalated, so the faster he was away from the city the better.
With his mind totally absorbed on an escape, he happened to look up and got the shock of his life as a police officer was alongside. He felt a surge of panic rising, should he start the car and make a run for it?
The door opened.
‘Did I give you a scare, sweetie?’
It was Brooke in her police uniform.
‘I nearly shit my pants, you cow!’ Mike replied, gulping down hot breath.
Brooke pulled the passenger seat-back forwards to throw a holdall onto the back seat and then slid herself in.
‘I’m glad you didn’t because it might be a while before you could change and it’s too cold to drive with the windows down.’
Desperately wanting to change the subject, Mike asked her where to go next.
‘Just around the corner, I’ll look for a parking spot.’
Mike started Ruby and away they went.
Brooke soon found Ruby a place. She leant across to kiss Mike’s cheek and to explain what she had to do may take a while, so, not to get panicked. She’d try to be as quick as she could.
As we all know, waiting for someone while sat in a car, even with the radio on feels like forever.
Every law officer that left the building and came into view had Mike’s heart racing. Time after time, hoping it was her, only to be disappointed. There were many permutations of escape running through his brain but where they should go was a puzzler. Get on a cargo ferry in Newark N.J. to England. Drive up to Canada. Or maybe the long drive down to Mexico. No, that was a hell of a long way and so much easier to get caught.
‘Oh, shit, I don’t know where to go.’ Mike exclaimed loudly to Ruby.
It was obvious he was getting more scared as the time grudgingly passed. With Brooke now gone more than two hours, it was all he could do to stop himself looking at his wristwatch every ninety seconds. He started to make pacts with himself, such as: ‘if she’s not back by the second hour and a quarter, I’m going to take off. If she’s not here by the second hour and a half, I’m definitely going …and so on.
But he didn’t. He couldn’t. It was impossible to abandon her.
‘Please hurry up, Brooke, this is murder!’ Mike shared with Ruby.
Ruby would probably agree, if she could talk.
Brooke saw Mike’s mouth moving when she surprised him, yet again.
‘What were you saying,’ …it wasn’t that stupid cockney shit again?’
‘No. Jeeez! Brooke, why have you been so long? I’ve been sweating cobs waiting for you. My bladder so desperately needs emptying my back teeth are floating.’
‘Oh, that’s gross! Calm down, Mike. I’ve got it all sorted.’
‘Where are we going?’
‘Just head for White Plains on the Bronx River Parkway and I’ll explain on the way.’
‘Did you hear anything about me being wanted while you were back there.’
‘No, not a thing, but they wouldn’t pass that kind of thing onto us anyway because they don’t trust the city police.’
Having said that, Brooke didn’t have the heart to tell him that someone had found Gary’s body. In turn, she would have to make sure he didn’t switch the radio on to hear it by chance.
Her actions were brave but this could easily put her on the danger list too.



12


A Plan is Hatched


‘Mike.’
‘Yeah,’ was his distracted reply.
‘Listen up, Mike, you need to hear this.’
‘Sorry, I was miles away.’
‘Look, I need you to be calm when I tell you this.’
Mike took a breath as he knew Brooke wanted to tell him something important, so he pulled the car over to give her his full attention.
‘I’ll explain why I was gone such a long time. I’m taking you to the Westchester Airport to put you on a private plane for Toronto, Canada. I’ve sorted it out with my contacts. You’ll be ok and out of the clutches of our secret services.’
‘You’ve been able to organise all that?’
‘Yes, but there’s something you may not like, that’s why I asked you to be calm.’
Mike gazed into her face and saw a guarded smile she’d put there to reassure him. Unsurprisingly, he felt very uneasy and realised he was breathing far too fast.
‘To get you over to Canada, and this is essential, so please don’t panic. I’ve got to arrest you.’
‘What?’
‘I’ve got all the legal paperwork here and two hours after take-off you’ll be free to do what you want.’
‘I can’t see it, Brooke, even if your plan works this side of the border, what will Toronto immigration say about a prisoner arriving from the USA? I can’t see the Canadian authorities being too fucking happy with me showing up from the USA as a persona non grata. They’re likely to send me back on the next flight to JFK, and stating in my passport they don’t want me and you can bloody well have him back.’
On the face of it, the last line sounded amusing, except Mike didn’t feel remotely amused and wondered if he ever would again.
‘Mike, trust me, I have the paperwork to cover all that. Take a look, I worked hard to get it authenticated in such a short time.’
Brooke handed Mike the folder. Skimming through the salient points, Mike could see she’d obviously worked her butt off organising the whole convoluted thing. For just one person being deported, there was a heck of a lot of stamped documents and licences with official initials and signatures. He looked at her with pride and felt quite emotional at her personal career-busting involvement.
‘Very impressive,’ was all Mike could say, ‘but will it fool both USA and Canadian authorities?’
‘Well, to make it appear kosher, I’m coming with you. That’s why we stopped off at my place to get my uniform and credentials.’
‘My wonderful Brooke, you’ve been fantastic, but I can’t let you jeopardise yourself this way. If this goes ‘tits up’ it’ll ruin your career. In fact, you would be facing a long time in jail just for helping me and I won’t risk that. You may even get done for treason and that’s bloody serious.’
‘I know what I’ve done is wrong but I can’t let you leave me. I’d never say this to any other guy but you’ve turned my life upside down.’
‘I think you should turn it back up the right way and forget all about me. A beautiful woman like you would soon find another bloke without any trouble.’
‘Yeah, I know, you dickhead, but I don’t want any other ‘bloke’ as you charmingly put it. God, Mike, you’re pretty fuckin patronising.’ Brooke, was understandably irritated.
Mike just said ‘Nice’ as he was the first to appreciate a witty reply.
Her eyes twinkled like when she’d guided him to the bedroom.
‘You’re just making this tougher for me, Brooke’
Those beautiful blues eyes were suddenly full of tears. Soundless as they were, it was the first time he’d seen her cry. In fact, it would be the first time anyone had seen her cry in many years.
Mike passed her a tissue, which actually made her worse as he could see she was in genuine turmoil.
Brooke suddenly became angry with her emotions. She steeled herself as she didn’t want to appear like some desperate female in front of Mike, for she was Brooke Webb, bad ass cop, and someone not to be screwed with!
Mike knew now was the time for him to step up and be strong.
‘You ready to roll, Mike?’
‘OK, Brooke, tell me what I have to do?’



13


A Flight to Freedom?


The reason Brooke chose Westchester County Airport was because it was more regional than international, even though flights did come and go to Canada. It was much quieter than JFK or Newark.
Parking his beloved Buick Riviera for the last time, he got out and patted the convertible roof in appreciation of the wonderful times he’d enjoyed driving Ruby. Brooke could see that it was a special moment for him and decided not to tease him about it. It was a man thing, so she let it go.
‘OK, Mike, this is where it gets real. Put your hands out.’
Mike obliged.
Brooke snapped the cuffs on him with practised professionalism.
‘I was hoping you’d keep this between us for the bedroom.’
Mike was trying to make light of it but was failing badly because Brooke was concentrating hard on what she must do. He felt completely powerless as it was all down to her now.
‘No more stupid comments, Mike. One slip and we’re both in deep shit.’
‘I’m sorry. I’ll keep my mouth shut until we’re in Canada.’
‘It’s for the best, my darling.’
That was the first time she’d ever called him that. Perhaps she thought it may be her one and only chance to say it and just now found the courage to say it.
Mike understood how brave she was.
Taking his right arm with her left, she guided him in the usual way police do when escorting a prisoner. Being right-handed, it left her gun hand free if a prisoner made a dash for it. Mike had to proudly admit, she did look the business.
Quickly scanning the reception and check-in area, Brooke guided Mike to the correct desk.
‘Hello, Officer, may I help you?’
Handing over the documents to a ground crew operator called Helen, Brooke stated her requirements.
‘A prisoner and escort for the ten-thirty flight to Toronto, Canada, using the Trident Air Company.’
It had initially startled Helen when seeing a police officer and her prisoner so close up. However, she handled it professionally by quickly generating the boarding cards. Her customer training wanted to wish them both a good flight but she stopped herself just in time. Helen also wondered what had that good-looking man had done to warrant extradition.
Next was Immigration and that was going to be the toughest part on this side of the USA.
Showing total control, Brooke ushered Mike into a pre-arranged office for the inspection of her warrant and other licences. She told him where to sit down. It was a clever move to make him wait right as there was no possibility of him leaving without being spotted by her or any immigration officers.
Brooke asked an official if Bill Drew was here as he was the officer that had sorted all the private flight details and emailed back all the relevant documents sent for him to process the extradition.
Bill was certainly going to get a rocket if this was discovered, but he’d not actually participated in Brooke’s ruse to get Mike out of the country. An enquiry sometime later would reveal he was blameless and it put no blemish his work record. Bill did all the correct procedures and even called Brooke’s Captain at the precinct in NYC for confirmation, or so he’d thought. Brooke had asked her partner Joe Nevins to man that particular telephone line for a few hours in case immigration did ring. He played it well. Joe always had a soft spot for Brooke and would help her out anyway he could.
Fortunately, the immigration process wasn’t as drawn out as you might think. The only thing that held them up for a while was that Brooke had to surrender her firearm so it could be locked away in a steel safe onboard the aircraft. Canada, unlike the USA, was not a country that allowed any service personnel to carry weapons openly on any incoming or outgoing flights except for an undercover Air Marshal, but there would not be one on this private flight.
The time between walking out to the aircraft and take-off was very fraught for both Mike and Brooke, but for completely different reasons. He was living on a knife’s edge of being discovered and fully expected an Immigration officer to pull him off the plane and cart him off to god knows where at any moment.
That particular thought wasn’t uppermost in Brooke’s mind. She was actually petrified of the impending flight as she’d never flown before. The sounds and smells inside the cabin had her fears ramped up into overdrive. Those jumpy nerves made her feel like puking.
Brooke grabbed out at Mike’s hand and clamped it tight in her clammy palm. Startled by such a very physical move from her, it was only then he remembered she’d never flown.
‘Don’t worry,’ he spoke gently and evenly, ‘you’re going to hear a lot of noise and feel some unusual bumpy movements that may feel scary but they’re perfectly normal. I’ve flown many times and never given cause for alarm because it’s a very safe way to travel.’
‘I’m shitting myself, Mike. My head is spinning and my heart’s jumping out of my chest.’
‘Take deep breaths and keep a hold of my hand. You’ll be absolutely fine, I promise.’
He could see by her pale pallor that she was experiencing supreme fear. Brooke would sooner have a bank robber waving his gun in her face than go through this.
‘What if the pilot has a heart attack,’ her fear made her blurt out, ‘you see things like that on tv?’
‘That’s why they have a co-pilot to take over if the worst was to happen. Listen to me, Brooke, those highly skilled people up front have loved one’s too. They really want the best for themselves as well as you. Please, put your trust in them and think about our new life together.’
Her breathing became less erratic as she’d eventually came to terms with what Mike had kindly explained. Nevertheless, there was no way in hell she was going to release her grip on him.
Fifteen minutes later, the pilot of the thirty-seat aircraft was rolling down the runway with the throttles fully opened and rotated the aircraft gently into the air for the short flight to Canada.
Once airborne and levelled out, the two female cabin crew quickly started their rounds by offering complementary beverages and snacks to their customers. One called Tammy asked Brooke if it was ok to offer Mike a drink. She just said a curt ‘sure’ in response because she didn’t want to get into conversation with Tammy.
Within a minute, Tammy had quickly placed the drinks in front of Brooke and wordlessly moved on to deal with her next customers.
‘You ok now, Brooke?’
‘I still feel sick to my stomach. How can you possibly enjoy this, my nerves are shot to hell and gone?’
‘Could you slip the cuffs off for a bit, darling, my wrists are starting to chafe?’
He lifted his jacket slightly to show her the wrist burns on his skin.
‘I don’t think so.’
‘How do you expect me to drink my coffee?’
‘You’ll figure it out.’
‘Why are you being so hard-nosed about this, it’s not like I can get up and run away at fifteen thousand feet is it?’
‘You’d better settle down Mike or we’ll both be in trouble. You can’t fuck around with me, other people on the flight might hear and report us to the cabin staff. The last thing we need is for Canadian Immigration to be waiting for us on the runway with a prisoner van.’
‘No, I do understand. Again, I’m sorry about that. I’m just feeling very uncomfortable at the moment.’
‘Yeah, well, get in line, Mike.’
He was feeling a little bit of an ungrateful sod after what Brooke had done for him. The risks she was taking were enormous, so, a little discomfort was nothing compared to what had happened to poor old Gary and the Lewis’s. All things considered; Mike actually felt a little ashamed at his thoughtless behaviour. He was now determined he would make it up to Brooke the best way he could but that all hinged on getting through Toronto Immigration.



14


Come Fly with Me


The pilot informed his passengers they were now only twenty minutes from landing. This was a relief and welcome piece of info for Brooke. They would soon be landing at Toronto, Pearson International Airport. Although much larger than White Plains, she had a special reason for that and all would be revealed later.
The flight had been uneventful and the aircraft experienced little turbulence, which Mike had been thankful for on Brooke’s behalf. Yet, Mike had forgotten to tell her it would be noisy when the skipper operated the landing gear and when he did it give her an awful fright.
‘Shit! I don’t think I’ll ever want to do this again, Mike.’
He gave a small laugh because the scared look on her face seemed funny to him. She punched his upper arm quite hard making him bite down on his lip so that he didn’t yell.
Not so funny now, eh Mike?
‘What the hell was that for?’
‘Laughing at me, you ass!’
‘I don’t know how you’ll cope with the eight-hour flight to England.’
‘I’ll go by ship,’ she instantly replied. Brooke had obviously considered this alternative and decided it was more favourable than flying.
‘It would make something of a nice honeymoon trip, wouldn’t it?’ Mike posed.
Brooke looked at him sternly as she thought he was taking the piss.
He produced a lovely smile.
She’d weighed his question for a few moments and then answered the ambiguous question.
‘For someone …I suppose it would.’
‘Not for us?’ Mike queried.
Again, looking suspiciously at him to test his seriousness.
‘But you haven’t asked me yet.’
‘Would it be worth my while?’
‘You’ll never know until you ask.’
Mike took a breath.
‘Brooke, my darling, would you do me the honour of becoming my wife?’
‘Uhhh! …Fuck, No!’
‘Oh! …that’s a terrible ice cube to the man sack. Why ever not?’
‘I’m not going to marry an escaping criminal, what do you take me for?’
Mike knew she was just fucking with him and it really wasn’t a NO. He supposed it was just a not yet. Which, was probably for the best.
Brooke began holding his hand under the jacket again, not in fear this time, but lovingly, more like a real girlfriend.
‘Thanks.’ Mike said in appreciation.
‘Uh, huh!’ Was all the measured answer he got back, except for the delayed wonderful smile that he didn’t see or was even supposed to.
With a couple of rattles and a few extra bumps, the aircraft landed neatly on the runway. Mike witnessed something that looked like Brooke crossing herself and a noticeable exhalation of breath like someone having a near-death experience.
He thought, ‘poor thing,’ but made no comment. Least said …soonest mended.
The aircraft stopped and you could hear the engines wind down.
Soon the cabin door opened and all the twenty or so customers got up and made their way out.
‘We’ll go when the cabin’s empty,’ she told Mike, ‘take all your cues from me, otherwise, I will have to be very cop like to deal with you. Do you understand?’
‘Got it.’
Mike kept his jacket over the cuffs as they made their way to the exit.
‘Please wait here.’ Tammy informed Brooke.
It was two or three minutes before Tammy reappeared.
‘There you are, officer, would you please sign for its return.’
Tammy handed back Brooke’s firearm and watched with some admiration as she snapped it back into her holster. Tammy momentarily looked at Mike with an eyes wide-open expression and pleased to get a cute smile from him in return.
‘OK …let’s go.’ Brooke gruffly said to Mike.
‘Goodbye, I hope things work out for you.’ Tammy said to Mike. It was plain she liked him but obvious she didn’t like Brooke at all.
There was an immigration official and two policemen waiting for them outside the terminal building. No armoured van, just a blacked-out SUV.
‘Please come this way, officer, as we’re not going into the terminal building.’
The official opened the door to the back of the SUV allowing Brooke and Mike to get in. They only drove for a few minutes before the vehicle stopped at some non-descript building. They were ushered in through a door marked R-17.
The two policemen led them down a long corridor which felt scary as it ran on for far too long. During the entire walk none of the doors opened and they didn’t encounter another soul. Mike thought it reminded him of a book describing the Labyrinth of Hades and the descent into hell. It made the hairs stand up on the back of his neck.
No words passed between any of them until the corridor opened out into something of a huge office. It was a cacophony of sound as all the telephones seemed to be ringing simultaneously. If you didn’t know better, the place might remind you of one of those god-awful call centres.
A door opened and a broad tall official told the two policemen to wait outside and he would speak to them later. They weren’t unhappy about that as one went off to get them both a coffee, while the other went for a pee.
The far side of the office faced the airfield and you could see the taxiing aircraft through the two large windows. It was one-way glass so no one could see into the office from the outside, yet the official still closed the blinds. Mike soon understood why.
The tall official wrapped his arms around Brooke and then she kissed his cheek.
‘Thanks for this, Ray,’ Brooke told him sincerely. ‘Are Susan and the kids ok?’
Brooke continued a conversation with this man called Ray for a couple of minutes until Mike could stand it no longer.
‘Does someone care to catch me up because I think I’m going nuts.’
Brooke smiled happily for the first time in a while.
‘This is my brother-in-law, Ray, please be respectful you British oaf because he’s gonna save our asses.’
Mike stood up to shake his hand but realised he still had the cuffs on.
‘Can we get rid of these now, please, Brooke?’
He offered his wrists to her.
‘I don’t know, what do you think, Ray?’
The cow was teasing him mercilessly. Mike then made a vow he would find a way to get her back somehow.
‘I guess we could take them off for ten minutes,’ Ray said with a grin.
Brooke slipped the cuffs, then handed Ray her file of warrants and permissions. He checked them closely, then made copies of two or three to cover his own ass.
‘These are great forgeries.’ Ray told Brooke.
‘They’re not forgeries. I’ve got friends in high places and called in a few favours.’
‘I bet you don’t have too many of those left now?’ Ray added.
‘If anything, some of them now own me.’ Brooke said with disappointment in her voice.
Ray turned to look at Brooke’s boyfriend.
Mike could see his demeanour change as he looked him up and down with suspicion.
‘You’d better be fucking worth all this, pal. Brooke is very special to her sister and me. If I hear you’re not treating her right, I’ll fucking track you down and make you sorry. Do we understand each other?’
Mike realised this was not a person you wanted to piss-off by accident but understood his threat came from love for his sister-in-law’s welfare.
‘Ray, I truly didn’t want to get Brooke caught up in all of this but she organised it all behind my back. You’re right though, she is very special and I love her dearly.’
‘You bloody better had! Yeah, but I do know once she gets the bit between her teeth it’s impossible to change her mind. Her sister is the same.’
‘Oh, you do know her very well.’ Mike added.
‘Hey,’ Brooke interjected, ‘I’m right fucking here, you know!’
The two men laughed.
Ray looked at his wristwatch.
‘You’ve got about forty minutes before the plane leaves for Manchester. I thought it would be quieter than Heathrow for Immigration.’
Ray went to a draw in his desk and pulled out a large manila envelope.
‘Your new Canadian passports are in there with some Canadian Dollars and two credit cards. Get used to your new names quickly because they’re on the flight tickets and boarding cards.’
He looked at Mike to ask if he could fake a North American accent to get through security.
‘Sure can, partner.’ Mike said in something of an exaggerated 1880’s gold prospector’s drawl.
‘Are you sure this guy isn’t an idiot?’ Ray asked Brooke.
‘There are several opinions on that, but I sure can pick ‘em, Ray,’ she demonstrated by using a hand up to her eyes in frustration and portraying someone that had fallen for a suitably wrong choice of boyfriend. Again.
‘Here take these, one of my secretaries got you some plain clothes to wear. They should fit, Mike, as Brooke gave me your sizes.’ Ray passed them both a Maple-Leaf rucksack as if it were a prize. ‘Come on, I’ll drop you off at the gate.’ Ray encouraged them to hurry up as time was getting tight.
The two cops outside the office got up when they saw the door to Ray’s office open.
‘Don’t worry boys, I’ve got these two. Thanks for your help, you’ve been great.’
The two cops must have known Ray and his level of authority as they both shook hands then left straightaway without further question.
The SUV pulled up outside the gate for the Virgin flight to Manchester with Ray staying inside the vehicle so the cctv didn’t spot him.
Hugs and handshakes were exchanged between Brooke, Mike and Ray. Mike wanted to say that one day he may be able to help him.
‘Promise me to look after each other, no matter what.’ Ray directed at Mike.
‘I think Brooke’s already shown me that, Ray, and thanks for your help too.’
‘Have a good flight and What’s App Susan when you get settled?’
‘We will.’ Brooke promised.
They got out the SUV and ran to the gate that was soon to close. Showing their boarding cards to the ground crew’s satisfaction, they ran up the stairs to get on the Airbus A350.
Once seated in First-Class, Brooke looked over the aircraft’s interior and felt so much happier. The atmosphere was lovely and the seats were more than comfortable.
Take-off was incredibly smooth and the aircraft was soon up to cruising altitude. Permission was now given to move about the cabin, maybe order something to eat or drink, perhaps even watch a movie on your own led screen.
‘This is so much better than the other plane,’ she said to Mike, ‘almost like a cinema with wings.’
‘Yeah, Ray did us proud.’
‘…Mike?’ Brooke questioned him by her tone.
Mike was looking at the flight information magazine and wondering what drink and food to order.
Brooke put her left hand across his magazine and turned his head gently with her right, so he was now looking directly at her.
‘Were you serious about marrying me when we get to England,’ she asked in all sincerity.
Her blue-green eyes never looked more wonderful than now, however, on-the-spot emotional questions always made him press his idiot button and usually making him say something inappropriate.
‘Well, …now we’re on the plane…’ he drawled.
Brooke’s face suddenly looked like thunder. She was ready to lash out, only not at his upper arm as usual, but to where the magazine was sat in his lap. It would have been incredibly painful if she’d connected where her fist was intentioned.
Playing to the crowd, Mike raised his voice a little to say:
‘OK! OK! If I say I’ll marry you, will you promise to stop punching me in the balls.’
You could hear some of the closer passengers muffled laughter and some were curious enough to stand up to see who the poor victim was.
‘You’re a real fucker, Mike. I was being serious and you act like an asshole, as usual. Why I ever got involved with you, I’ll never know.’
She was clearly angry.
Mike let things quieten down for a few minutes before gently touching her hand.
‘My offer still stands, Brooke.’
Her happiness was palpable and it pushed her to lean over to kiss him on the lips. While there, she soon migrated up to his ear to whisper.
‘I know you love me, Mike, but do try not to be such a cunt about it!’
Brooke kissed him lovingly again. This would normally have gone against all her rules of PDA’s, but today, she didn’t care a damn.
Mike knew that most Americans don’t like to use the C-Bomb in company, but for her to use it on him proved their relationship had truly become very close. He began to feel so much better within himself as all the stresses of today began to melt away.
One of the passengers suddenly yelled out there was a military jet sat on their port wing.
Mike and Brooke looked out of their window to confirm it was true.
‘Oh shit!’ Mike growled, ‘the bastards have found us.’
‘How do you know?’ Brooke asked, with fear welling up in her throat.
‘See the jet’s painted all matt black and with no country insignia?’
Looking again, it confirmed her worst fears.
‘Well, that motherfucker is Special-Ops!’
‘Oh! Mike, what do you think they are going to do?’
Brooke’s breathing had increased rapidly.
‘Probably, they’ll turn us around to head for some clandestine airfield in the USA.’
The fighter jet slowly fell behind them. Mike supposed the black-painted fighter had given the passenger airliner instructions on where they wanted it to go. However, the aircraft kept right on course, so Mike presumed their pilot had refused to comply as they were in international skies and not bound by any laws of the USA or, indeed, anyone else.
What seemed like an eternity but was in actual fact only two minutes, an almighty crump rang out through the cabin as several passengers witnessed a heat seeking missile fly right into the starboard engine. Not only did the engine disintegrate into a thousand pieces but it also tore off three-quarters of the wing. The aircraft heaved to the right and stalled due to lack of flying speed, causing the airliner to head nose first towards the ocean.
The screams inside the cabin were deafening but were somehow unheard by Mike and Brooke as they held each other tight before the inevitable impact. Brooke just had time to whisper to Mike that these last six weeks had been the happiest she’d ever known.
Gazing into her eyes, he smiled, then told her she was the most beautiful person he’d ever met and didn’t regret a thing. Those few words were the usual recipe for a wonderful, happy-ever-after story. Sadly, this wasn’t it.
The inevitable did happen, as it must. Then nothing. Only darkness.


###


Dear Reader, as I’ve let you download my book for free, please be good enough to leave some feedback.
Kind regards
Leigh Madison

