


    I’LL BE THERE FOR YOU!!


                       For my mystery man…..











                                                

                                              CHAPTER 1
“Come on Becky get out of your dressing room. We’ll get really late.” I shouted, banging the door with my hands.
“Coming Ash, just two minutes more. I am almost done.” Becky replied.
Today is the big night I’ve been waiting for. It’s Christmas Eve and tonight there is a big party at Central Perk Lounge. I, Ashley Green and my best friend, Rebecca Brandon are so damn excited about it. But Becky is taking forever to get ready and that is driving my bananas.
“Done!” She said happily and came out. Doing a little twirl and flaunting her brand new black knee-length dress.
“Hey, look at you, you are looking absolutely stunning.” I said.
“And you are looking pretty fabulous yourself.” She replied. I am wearing a long navy blue gown with long heels and I am wearing a necklace which goes with it perfectly. Must say I am looking stunning.
“Ion will go completely nuts about you today.” Becky said.
“I know, can’t wait!” I replied.
Becky is my soul sister. She knows everything about me. She understands me so well. We have been together since kindergarten. We played together, studied together, go shopping together and the list is really long. The best part is we are neighbors and are always in touch. We both live in New York from our childhood. 
“Ash babe, you ready to hit the party?” Becky asked me with a wink.
“Totally!” I replied. “If we didn’t leave now, we’ll be really late and would have to spend Christmas watching T.V “
“Okay let’s get going or Jake will kill us.” She said dragging me down.
Jake is Beck’s brother, he is a year elder to her. He is really cool by the way. He has his own band and is the lead singer. The band is called “Let’s Rock!” and FYI they are really good.
“You ready girls?” Jack questioned.
“Yes!” We both shouted, coming down the stairs.
You know the heels I am wearing are really gorgeous but to be honest they are too uncomfortable. My feet have started to ache. How the hell I am gonna dance!
“You fine there?” Becky asked as though reading my mind.
“Yep, just excited about the party.” I lied.
“Both of you look absolutely ravishing!” Becky’s mother, Rachel exclaimed.
“Thank you!” We replied together.
“Oh look, Jon, our kids are growing too fast. I can see them getting married and have children…..” Rachel cried.
Where did that come from! Rachel has a super power, she can cry anytime, anywhere without any reason.
“Don’t get too carried away, the girls will be fine.” Jon comforted her.
I glanced at Jake, who was trying his hardest not to laugh. Trust me even I was resisting the urge to laugh.
“We’ll be okay mom.” Becky assured her and I nodded in agreement.
“Goodbye, kids!” Jon said and we ran outside.
“Next time we are getting ready at your place!” Becky said pointing towards me.
“No doubt about that” I replied.
We settled in the car and took off.
Becky has a very nice taste when it comes to songs. She always picks the right song and she did it again. She played my favorite song ‘Hero’ I just love this song so much and she knows it.
The lounge is just twenty minutes away from Becky’s house but it is taking forever.
“Jake, when are we going to reach?” I was so restless that couldn’t help but ask.
“Another ten minutes Ashley” He replied.
“Okay.” I replied.
“It’s my bro Ash. You cannot expect to reach somewhere on time when he is driving.” Becky taunted.
“Shut up or get out” Jake replied back.
Oh! Great, just what you need on Christmas, watching a brother and sister fight.
“Admit you. You drive slower than a cycle.” She said, raising her voice.
“Then maybe next time, you could come on your own.” He remarked.
Well this is getting heated up.
“So Jake, you and your band playing today, huh?” I asked, changing the topic.
“Yes, but there is a deejay too!” He replied with a frown.
“Here we are!” I screamed with joy. Finally we are at the lounge and I am sure we are gonna have a hell of a night.














                                               CHAPTER 2
The environment inside the lounge is so rad. Everybody is enjoying so much.
“It’s going to be a really fun night!” Becky jumped with joy.
“You kidding me, it’s going to be the best night of the year!” I gleamed with joy.
And then I went weak in my knees, when I saw, Ion. He is looking as immaculate as ever. I love him so much. We are together from the last three months and I have never been happier. He is the best boyfriend I have ever had.
“Becky, I’ll see in some time.” I said to Becky but my eyes were set on Ion.
“No problems. Take your time.” She caught me.
“Thanks Becky! You are the best.” I kissed her and ran to Ion.
When I got near him and took a deep breath. Note to self:  don’t say something stupid. He is standing in a group.
“Hi, Ion” I said breezily.
“Hey Ashley!” he replied side hugging me.
“Merry Christmas, honey” I wished him.
“To you too!”  He replied “Meet my colleagues, Harry, Nick and Sam.” He introduced us and we shook hands.
Well I was happy to meet his friends. But I wasn’t expecting him to behave like this. I mean he didn’t give me a kiss and didn’t compliment me. I was a bit confused, he was, I don’t know, behaving different.
“Ashley I was waiting for you actually. I gotta tell you something.”
There’s my man.
“What?” I asked not getting too excited.
“We are really great together and you are a wonderful person but recently I …. I’ve got this secretary …… and sort of have…..feelings for her. I am really sorry! But I think we should break up.”  He said and I was shattered. That was………..too direct. How could he do that to me? I thought our relationship was going somewhere and now bam!
“Good luck for the future!” He said and took off with his friends.
I couldn’t move. He broke up with me. Ion broke up with me. One tear came out of nowhere and the others followed dampening my cheeks.
I saw Becky, she looked so happy. Dancing like a lunatic. I can’t ruin her night too. So without saying a word I went outside and sat on a bench near the fountain. I took off my sandals and it is such a relief. This shouldn’t have happened. My best night turned out to be my worst nightmare. I actually don’t know what to do. Everything seemed over. I loved him a lot. I couldn’t have imagined he would embarrass me in front of his colleagues. I felt totally humiliated.
“I see….. It’s much more fun outside than inside.” Came a familiar voice of Jake. To be honest I chuckled a bit.
“Jake I think you should be inside.” I said wiping my tears.
“Leaving you behind like this …..let me think…..the answer is no!” He said sitting beside me.
“Do I need to ask or you are smart enough to answer yourself?” He taunted.
“Ion broke up with me that too in front of his colleagues. It was so humiliating. He said he is in love with his secretary.” I told Jake. Tears came streaming down my face and I couldn’t stop them.
“I am so sorry!” He said handing me a handkerchief. “Everything would be okay”
“Do you think so? Well let us see… I am 25 years old with no job, no boyfriend and am sitting on a bench crying over my broken relationship and holding a pair of high heels which I cannot wear because they hurt so much!” I cried even more.
“Ashley, stop crying over that bastard. He doesn’t deserve you or your tears. He is a jerk and you are way too much special for him.”
“Keep saying “
He laughed and then continued “About your painful sandals, I will buy you a new pair”
I laughed too. I am feeling so relieved. He is such a sweetheart.
“Thank you so much Jake! “ I said hugging him.
“Anytime!”
We sat there in silence for a few minutes and then suddenly Jake got up and pulled me up too.
“What?” I asked.
“I have a great idea to cheer you up!”
“What?” I asked again.
“You go inside and humiliate him in front of his friends!”
“You are kidding, right?” I asked with blank expression.
“No. Now, you go inside, pick a glass of wine, splash it on his face and tell him that he doesn’t deserves you”
“No … no …are you out of your senses?”
“Trust me. You will feel great. Say all the horrible things that come to your mind.”
“What if….”
“No ‘what ifs’ just go in there and speak your heart out!” He doesn’t even let me finish my sentence.
“Are you sure?”
“Of course. Just be confident and you will rock!”
“Okay…..”  I said and handed my painful heels to him.
 “I will take care of them.” He laughed.
“You better, they, maybe painful but are quite expensive.”
I try to sound cool but inside I am freaking out.


                                            CHAPTER 3
I took a deep breath and went inside with Jake. Once we were inside he got me a glass of wine, wished me luck and went to the band. I started looking for Ion and found him standing with his friends. He was laughing and talking. I looked at Jake and he showed me thumbs up. I went towards him and tapped on his shoulder with confidence. As soon as he turned back I splashed the wine on his face. Jake stopped the music and the whole crowd turned to face us.
“What the….”
“Stop you, freaking jerk.” I started. I saw Becky coming towards me but Jake grabbed her wrist and pulled her towards himself.  I took a deep breath and continued my unprepared speech, “You think you can humiliate me in front of your friends? Sorry to say Mr. you can’t. I don’t care that you dumped me because I know I am worth much more than you can offer.”
I shot a glance at Jake, who was grinning like an idiot. I was about to smile myself but controlled it. “So, here I am dumping you because I know what a sleazebag you are. God bless the one you are in love with”
I can’t explain what a relief it was to see Ion’s awestruck expression. I didn’t wait for him to say anything. I just turned back and started striding off. I could hear people talking about my-wine-fiasco, but it didn’t bother me and soon I was out. Becky and Jake also followed me out.
“Ashley, you were great in there.” Jake praised me.
“I am still in a bit of shock that you, Ashley, actually did that.” Becky exclaimed.
“I know… I can’t believe it either.” I said finally getting my voice back. “Thank You so much Jake! It was possible all because of you!”
“Happy to help” he replied modestly
“Jake helped you?” Becky asked, totally surprised.
“It was all his idea!” I said
He did a stretch to flaunt but my sandal hit him in the head.
“Ouch!”  He screamed.
“I am so sorry!” I said taking the sandals from him.
“What is your name? Do you remember anything?” Becky joked’
“Shut up, it didn’t hurt that bad.” He replied
“Shit.” She said under her breadth and I punched her on her arm.
“Seriously, are you okay?” I asked, really concerned.
“Ya, I am fine!” he replied.
“Let’s leave or else mom will start her drama again.” Becky said.
We all agreed and sat in the car.
“By the way, Ashley I am really sorry about what happened with Ion.” Becky said.
“I am okay! He was a coward and whatever happens, happens for good. He and I just didn’t suit each other. It would have never worked out, anyway.” I replied well lied.
“I am glad you are taking it positively” Becky said. I flashed a fake smile at her and then sat in silence for the rest of the journey.

Mom opened the door for me and was surprised that I came early.
“Honey, how was the party?” Mom asked.
“Really good. We enjoyed ourselves a lot.” I lied.
“Welcome back honey!” Came dad’s voice from the kitchen.
“Dad is still awake?” I asked mom as he sleeps around 10:00 and it is 12:30.
“He is having his mid – night snack. Apparently it makes him feel like a teenager.” Mom replied as though disgusted by dad’s idea.
Dad came out with Coco Pops in his hands. Mom and I both started laughing uncontrollably.
“Hey! They are really tasty.” Dad defended himself.
“Of course, should I give you these only in your lunchbox tomorrow? Do share it with your friends.” Mom said sarcastically. And then we both had a hearty laugh.
“Ha Ha…. Very funny.” Dad said, annoyed.
“Okay I am tired and would like to get some rest.” I finally announced. In however bad mood you are trust your family to make you laugh and smile. I love my parents.
But the point is I am missing Ion a lot. I am miserable. I know he was stud but I loved him and cared for him. It is not quite easy to get over him so quickly. I was thinking of all this crap when my phone beeped, it was a message from Becky.
Sweetheart I know it was a lot to take in for a night but forget it. Don’t think of that jerk and sleep tight. Good night. Sweet dreams.
She knows me so well. Honestly if she would have been a man, I would have married her.
Thank you so much! I will be okay. Good night and sweet dreams.
I texted her back. It is great to have a friend like Becky. She is the person I can rely on. You know if ever I enter her house with a dead body, she will not ask a single question but take shovel and follow me. She is my girl.
My phone beeped once again but this time it was from Jake (I didn’t even know he had my number).
Can’t sleep? Jake.
I replied
Nope ……. Trying too. Ash.
It was strange, Jake never texted me before. My phone beeped again and it was Jake’s message.
Don’t worry about that coward, he has learned his lesson. So, move on. Forget him. Jake.
Thank you so much Jake it was all possible because of you. I will try my best to move on. Ashley.
I added a smiley at the last. I switched off my phone and went to the washroom to change. There is nothing in the world which is more comfortable than PJ’s. As soon as I came back I laid on my bed and instantly fell asleep.













                                            CHAPTER 4
Next morning I got up and I was feeling so relaxed and free, I don’t know why though. It felt really nice. I went downstairs and found mom and dad in an intense conversation.
Just to break the tension I shouted, “Good Morning mom and dad.”
“Morning dear, come join us for breakfast.” Mom said. I sat down with them and just out of curiosity I asked, “What were you guys talking about? Anything serious?”
“No honey, nothing that serious.” Dad replied, patiently and asked, “What you want for breakfast?”
I gave the question a thought. I didn’t want to have anything to eat, although I didn’t have anything at the party too.
“A cup of hot coffee would do………and Coco Pops to go with it!” I said for fun’s sake.
Mom and I hi-fived and laughed.
“You won’t let that go, would you?” dad asked really annoyed. “Let’s talk about something more serious! When are you starting to look for jobs?”
Oh God! Not this again. I have answered this question a million time before. But still I had to answer him, “Soon!”
“I know honey that it is not a necessary for you to do a job. We are quite well off but doing a job, any job it will give you a nice way to pass your time and I am sure you will enjoy it.” Mom said.
“I know mom, and I will find a job soon.” I replied.
I ate my breakfast and went to Becky’s house.
“Hello Rachel and Jon!” I greeted Becky’s parents.
“Hello sweetheart!” Rachel replied and Jon just nodded.
“Hello, Ashley!” Came in Jake’s voice. Cheerful as always.
“Hi Jake! How are you?” I asked with a perfect smile.
“Very fine. You tell how are you?
“I’ve been better.” I replied in a low voice.
“I can understand. Relax. Everything will be fine.” He said, comforting me. “I have to go. Bye.”
I smiled and waved him goodbye. He went and Becky came running down the stairs and hugged me tightly.
“Careful, hon” Jon said. Must say he really is a doting father. And sometimes overprotective of Becky, which is completely acceptable, my dad is the same too.
“Ash I am so glad you came!” Becky said. Her enthusiasm was scaring me.
“Hey Beck, everything okay there?” I asked.
“Great. Come here I have got to tell you something.”
She practically dragged me upstairs. When we reached her room, she locked it from inside started telling me the reason of her excitement.
“Do you remember Joey? Well I don’t care if you don’t, because I have got a date with him tonight.” She was glowing all over.
“That is so great!” I replied trying to match her excitement. By the way I don’t have a single clue who Joey is.
“Tell me everything.” I said
“Well he was a facebook friend. We didn’t talk but yesterday after texting you I got online and he was online too. We started talking and at last he asked me out.”
“I am so happy for you!” I replied giving her a big hug.
“The bonus is that he is so cute. I can’t wait for tonight. And one more thing you are going to help me get ready for my date.”
“Of course! You would look like a hot diva; after all I am your style guru.” I flaunted and we both laughed.
“Thank you so much Ash. I love you.” Becky said hugging me.
I am really glad for Becky. She deserves to have someone who can make her so happy. She has not got into any relationship since she broke up with Paulo a month ago. She said that now she wants a real relationship not a fling. She is getting mature.
I went back to my house after spending a whole day, selecting a great outfit for her for tonight. She is wearing a dark green silk knee length dress with a matching pair of high heels and a fabulous Gucci bag, which I am surely borrowing for my next date. I went straight to my room and closed the door. Deep inside I know I am a little jealous of Becky.  I am being ridiculous I know but it’s just that I am Ashley I used to get the dates. But now, here I am, sulking about my little situation. Oh My God, what is wrong with me? I am envying my best friend. That is pathetic. Ion has actually screwed me up. I took a deep breath and rubbed my face. Forget about it. I am really happy for Becky and rest all is just an illusion. I hope Becky has a fantabulous date with Joey and they just hit it off.


















 
                                          CHAPTER 5
“Would you stand straight for a sec?” I said to Beck. “There is something missing. Let me see.”
I am at Becky’s place again to get her ready for her date.
“What is missing?” she asked, examining herself in the mirror
“Got It...  Here, were this.” I said, picking a beautiful bracelet from her dressing table. “Now you look complete. Awww… sweetie, you are looking really beautiful.”
“Seriously?” she asked.
“Of course. I am sure Joey will get totally flattered just looking at you.” I assured her.
We went downstairs and Becky was so nervous and was asking me again and again about her looks. Frankly, I was getting really irritated. And if Rachel cried now, I am sure I will kill myself. There is no full stop to melodrama in this house (except for Jake. To be honest, I used to think he is adopted.).
“What do you think?” I asked all of them, as Becky stepped down.
“You are looking gorgeous” Jake said and showed thumbs up.
“Love, you are the prettiest girl alive.” Jon complimented and Jake choked on the diet soda, he was drinking.  “Sorry!” he said. I couldn’t help but giggle myself.
“I was so sure I was not going to cry but……” Rachel said, tears coming out of her eyes.
Here we go again. I shot a glance at Jake, who had covered his mouth with his hands and is laughing.
“Okay mom, everything is good you don’t need to worry. Joey is about to come so I will bid you adieu.” Becky said, faking a Spanish accent. Now I had enough, I started laughing and Jake joined in too.
“Guys, you are demoralizing me!” Becky cried.
“And with that accent you are killing me!” Jake said imitating Becky, and laughing even harder.
“Don’t talk to me, you.” She shouted and started walking towards the door.
Jake grabbed her arm and stopped her. “Sorry, I am seriously sorry. I was just having fun. But, on a serious note, you are looking stunning and really ravishing. Just don’t try and be someone you are not and spoil it.”
“Thank you!” Becky said, side hugging him.
Sometimes when I see Becky and Jake together, I find their relationship so cute and so sweet. It feels so good to watch them. I also wish I had an elder brother who would care for me in the same way. The doorbell rang bringing me back from my reverie.
“Bye guys!” Becky danced with excitement and rushed towards the door.
“Hi, Joey” she said as soon as she opened the door.
“Hey Rebecca! You are looking so beautiful” Joey complimented her.
“Thank you so much, you too look beaut….. I mean handsome.” She fumbled.
“Shall we leave?” he asked.
“Ya, sure. Mom and dad we are leaving.” She informed her parents.
“Bye sweetie, have fun!” Jon replied and then the door was closed. I am sure Rachel is thinking about both of them getting married and having children.
“I can see our little Becky…….” Rachel was about to complete her sentence when Jake cut her in between, “It is cool mom!”
“I think I should leave, mom and dad must be waiting.” I said.
“I will walk you home” Jake offered.
“No, I will be fine. Our house is just nearby.”
“Come on! I will get some extra walk.” He insisted and I agreed. We both also left the house and I wished Rachel and Jon, goodnight.
“So…… How is mission ‘getting over Ion’ going on?” he asked as we walked towards my home.
“Really good. I think I am pretty much over him.”
“Oh! That’s good. I wanted that to happen as soon as possible.”
“Did you know he wasn’t the right guy for me?” I asked, a bit astonished.
“You can say, he is a womanizer and I am sure he will leave that secretary girl for someone else in just a month.”
“Seriously, then why didn’t you talk to me about it?” I asked and I stopped walking.
“As if you would have believed me.” He said
The man has got a point. I started to walk again.
“No, but…….” I couldn’t say anymore because of the big smile that formed on my face. He noticed my smile and started grinning himself.
I realized that, we have reached my house, but I didn’t want to go inside. I just wanted to stand here beneath the stars and the moon and talk to Jake. Talking to him makes me fell lighter and happier. He is so sweet, helpful and knows how to make me feel better. He makes me love myself more.
“Hey, where are you lost?” he asked clipping his fingers in front of my face.
“I am okay, I was just wondering, that it would be better if you call me Ash instead of Ashley.
“Sure… Ash” he smiled.
“Good Night, Jake. Sweet dreams” I waved him goodbye.
“Good night” he waved me back. I went inside and closed the door. I smiled to myself like an idiot.
“Welcome back!” mom greeted me with excitement.
“Hey mom” I replied.
“Honey, could we talk to you for a second please?” mom asked, her tone suddenly becoming very serious. I nodded to give my approval but I wasn’t sure. Mom took me too the dining hall, where dad was already waiting for us.
“Honey, sit please.” Dad said, pointing towards the empty seat, next to him.  Honestly, I am freaked out. We never had such family meetings before. I hope they are not gonna announce their divorce or something more horrible, like I am adopted.
Oh God!
“Ashley, your mom and I were discussing about your future. We know that you will get an amazing job but it might take some time. We were thinking that till then you may join some temporary job.” Dad said with hopeful eyes.
I relaxed a bit.
“Like what?” I asked dad.
“Henry has a friend, Justin. He has his own restaurant and he is looking for a waitress. Maybe you can join.” Mom clarified.
“I have never really thought about getting a part time job.” I said honestly.
“We are not forcing you love. The decision is yours. But, it is a great place, and the salary is also good.” Dad said.
“You have the whole night to think about it. Tell us in the morning.” Mom said. “Stop thinking now and we’ll have dinner.”
“No mom, I think I will pass. I had snacks at Becky’s place. So I am full. You guys carry on. I am going to my room.” I said and went.
I locked the room from inside. I never thought my first job would be that of a waitress. I wanted to talk to Becky and ask her for her advice. But then I think she would be busy with Joey. I seriously don’t know what to do. And I only have a night to think about it. I don’t want to work at some stupid restaurant as a stupid waitress. But on second thoughts, I think this job would not be that bad. It will help me move on and I will get a way to pass my time. I think I should take this job. “Oh God! It’s so damn irritating.” I shouted at no one in particularly. I wish someone could help me out here. “Jake! Of course. He would definitely help me.” I threw my hands in the air. I picked up my phone and dialed his number. “Please God, don’t let him be busy. Please. Pleeeeease.” I prayed to myself. My prayers worked and he picked up his phone.
“Hey Ashley!”
“Hi Jake. Sorry to disturb you.”
“No problems at all! Is everything okay?” he asked getting all concerned.
“Well, I want an advice.”
“Sure, shoot!”
“My parents want me to take up a job at my dad’s friend’s restaurant. And I am not really sure about the offer. I don’t want to tell my kids that I started my career as a waitress in a shabby restaurant.”
I know he is laughing.
“I would suggest that you take up this job, firstly it will help you get over Ion and secondly restaurants are fun. You can eavesdrop on the customers and mentally give your advice. Moreover whole day you can look at shoes and dresses. Trust me, you will be always updated about the new trends and stuff. Lots of gossip in there.” He explained.
He really knows me really well. Wait a minute, was he pulling my leg but is it okay, he is helping me. 
“Hey Ash, you still there?” He asked.
“Yep! I think you are right. I will take up this job.” I said with a flush of excitement. “Thank you Jake. You are a star. You always have solutions to my problems.”
“My pleasure! You can come and talk to me about anything, I will try my best to help.” He replied.
“I will keep that in mind. Also, if you ever need any girlfriend related advice you can come to me without any hesitation. I can help you with anything of that sort.” I replied, full of zeal.
I could hear his chuckles although he was trying his best to hide them. Finally he got his nerve back and said, “Good night, Ash! All the best for tomorrow.”
“Thank you and sweet dreams.” I said and hung up.
I am going to be a working girl. Okay. Working woman. I will take this job and give my best. I decide to phone Becky but then dropped the idea, considering that she must be tired. Tomorrow, I will first meet Becky and then go to the restaurant. 
                                               CHAPTER 6
I got up early the next morning. I was so excited, my first day as a waitress. I went to the bathroom and stared at my reflection in the mirror. Well I have to look a perfect waitress. Let us see. I took a quick shower and got out hurriedly. After a lot of pondering, I selected a perfect pencil black skirt with a grey top. I also wore black stockings and topped it with high heels. I am actually looking a waitress. Correction, an absolutely stylish waitress. I will wear my nice black coat with it too.  I did a really subtle make up, just a lip gloss, blush and mascara. I am ready to rock the restaurant. “Not bad Ashley, not at all bad.” I complimented myself, doing a little twirl. I went downstairs and saw mom and dad sitting in the hallway waiting for me. “I am ready to be the hottest waitress ever.” I said.
“Absolutely love, you are really looking awesome!” dad exclaimed.
“We are so happy, you decided to work!” mom said.
“I think working will really help me a lot in many ways.” I replied with a broad grin on my face.
“Sweetums are you really sure? I don’t want you to take any decision in any sort of pressure.” Mom said, suddenly becoming really serious.
“Mom, don’t worry I have thought it through. I really want to take this job.” I assured her.
“Oh! I am so happy. Henry, our little princess is all set for her first day as a working lady. I think we should give her the present we have been saving for this day.” Mom said, radiating all over.
“What present?” I asked, totally surprised.
Mom went inside her room and bought back, with her, a silver colored pouch. Delmente was written on it. She handed me the pouch and became really emotional. Don’t become like Rachel please, I was praying constantly. “May it bring good luck in your life.” She finally said. Okay, now what is it? Mom never gets emotional. Well, very rarely. I unzipped the pouch and found a beautiful chain with an exquisite pendent. It was a heart shaped pendent with little diamonds on it.
“Wow! It’s …..” I couldn’t continue. I could feel the tears forming too.
“My mom gave it to me as I did my first job as a flower girl.” Mom said. My grandparents are also very rich (like us, just saying.) and mom also never worried about working. But after Granny explained her, the need to be independent, she started working in a flower shop, Blooms. She worked there until she got married. Then she stopped working and took care of dad, the house and finally me.
“Thank you so much mom. It means a lot to me. I promise, I would take good care of it.” I said hugging her.
“Somebody is forgetting me!” dad said, feeling left out.
I smiled and hugged him too, making it a family hug.
“So, let’s get the show on the road!” dad said, throwing a fist in the air.
I nodded and we went outside.
“Take care honey. All the very best for your first day.” Mom said, giving me another hug.
“Relax, Kathy, your daughter is just going for a job………….  Don’t demoralize her.” Dad said in a matter-of-factly tone. Dad would never understand how hard it is to do a job for the first time. He is working since time immemorial that is how he has built this empire. He is the owner of The Greene Publications. He calls me and mom the rich, spoilt pair.
“What are you thinking?” dad asked and I realized he is already sitting in the car waiting for me. I hurriedly sat in the car and waved mom goodbye.
“Dad could we stop by at Becky’s for just a sec please?” I asked, making a cute, puppy face he can’t say ‘no’ to.
“Sure, but make the visit quick.” He replied. He pulled up in front of Brandon’s residence. I hastily got down from the car and rang their bell. Jake opened the door for me.
“Hi Jake. Good morning.” I greeted him with a bright smile.
“Good morning Ashley! All set for the first day as a waitress? By the way best of luck.” he asked, folding his arms. He remembered. I thought he would have forgotten about the job by now. I like it.
“Thank you so much, Jake. Is Beck inside? I wanted to meet her before leaving for my first day at work.” I sounded quite excited.
“I am sorry Ash, but Becky has gone out with Joey. He wanted to do a photo shoot or something.” He replied with a sorry face.
“Ohh…… no problems I will meet her afterwards.” The hurt in my voice was palpable. I started walking back towards the car, feeling awful. I sat inside the car and fastened the seat belt.
“Everything okay there, love?” dad asked.
“Yes, dad!” I said flashing a smile.
Dad nodded and we zoomed off towards my workplace.
“Dad is the place nice? Do they have a disc? What will they pay me? Is it good?” I bombarded dad with questions.
“Easy honey! It is a wonderful place. It has a separate disc for parties. The food is amazing and the pay too, by the way. It s called ‘Crimson Palace’ and I am sure, you would love it.” Dad said excitedly.
Wait, Crimson Palace. Is this the same place…
No way. I am so in luck. It’s the same place where Jake works.
“Great!” I screamed out loud. Throwing my hands in air excitedly.
“What?” dad asked, getting confused.
“Crimson Palace is the same place where, ‘let’s rock” plays. So you know Jake would be there to help me out. I would have company. It would be great.” I replied.
“Oh, Jake works there….” Dad said, getting all possessive about me.
I can sense he is uncomfortable, on Jake’s mention. But I don’t say anything but smile. I love when he becomes all caring-overprotective-daddy. He looks really cute.




                                              CHAPTER 7
The place is so classy and great. I love it. I mean I can see people chatting while drinking coffee. There is a couple sitting at the back, holding each other’s hands and the girl smiling shyly.
“Hi Justin!” Dad shook hands with the owner of the restaurant. “This is my daughter, Ashley, she is really looking forward for this job.” Dad introduced me to him and we also shook hands.
“Welcome Ashley!” He said in a very professional like voice.
“I guess you can handle it from here. Bye sweetheart.” Dad said and left.
“So Ashley, let me acquaint you to your work. You have to greet the customers, take their order and pass them on to the chefs then after the order is prepared you have to serve them and at last pick up the dishes. Easy” he said.
Ya really easy. Piece of cake. I thought. This man is nuts.
“Got it, sir” I said, politely. I searched the place for Jake, but couldn’t locate them.
“Justin would work” he said. “Ashley, come. I will show you around the kitchen and introduce you to other employees.” he led the way towards the kitchen and I followed him inside.
“Attention everyone, I want you to meet Ashley, our new waitress.” As soon as he told everyone, all of them starting waving or yelling “hello” and “welcome”. Quite overwhelming.
“So Ashley you may join the duty.” Justin said handing me an apron and a nice, little diary and a tiny pencil to scribble the orders and I nodded.
“Justin, when the band will come and play?” I just couldn’t stop myself from asking. I could guess he is a little annoyed with my, not-related-to-the-duty-question.
“They will be here any moment now, dear.” He said and I nodded.
“Show her around the kitchen and I don’t want any complains” he said in a stern voice and left.
“Hi I am Emma Stewart, you could call me Em.” A girl of around my age came up to me. She seemed really nice and sweet. Her hair were tied into a neat ponytail and her face features were quite sharp. She looked really beautiful. She was wearing jeans with a nice top and she was wearing a cute bracelet to accessorize her look.
“Hi, nice meeting you” I replied.
“You can come up to me anytime for any queries.” She said in a melodious voice.
“Sure, thank you!” I said, quite touched by her gesture. Although probably she may have said this to all the employees, but for me it was a first experience.
I wore my apron and took a deep breath to start my job. Another girl Gabrial came and welcomed me. (Now, what kinds of parents name their daughter ‘Gabrial’!).
Soon after, people started flooding the place. Jake and his band also came and started playing.  Jake’s expressions were like as if I have smacked him on his face. He relaxed after a few minutes and waved me. I waved him back and mouthed, “Meet you soon!” He smiled and nodded. He has got the cutest smile. Focus Ash, focus.
I went from table to table taking orders, serving food or cleaning the table. It was kind of fun. People were saying ‘thank you’ or calling ‘excuse me’. I liked it a lot. The most amazing part is I got $50 as tip. Can anyone believe it? People here are quite generous over here and rich. Now that the lunch break has started and I was relaxing in the kitchen.
“Hey there!” Came in Jake’s voice.
“Hello Jake. Quite surprised, huh!” I said teasingly.
“Well I won’t lie, I was quite surprised seeing you at first. How come you are here?”
“Turns out that Justin is my dad’s friend and I am going to work here.”
“That is great! It really is a nice place to work.”
“It is. The staff is very good to me and people too.” I said, taking out my tip money. “Tah-Da”
“Great” he said, getting excited himself.  “Calls for a celebration?” he asked.
“Sure!” I said in a winsome tone.
“There is also a café too, beside the bar. Maybe we can grab a coffee.”
“Sounds perfect.” I replied, excitedly.
He held my hand and led me to the café. It was great. The ambiance is so flamboyant. “Wow! It is amazing.” I exhilarated.
“I know, it is a really nice place to hang out.” He said. We selected a perfect table for two and Jake being a perfect gentleman pulled out a chair for me and then seated himself.
“Good afternoon sir and madam. Here are your menus.” A waitress came and handed us the menus. She had just got a manicure. Her nails were looking pretty good. Maybe later I would ask for her beautician’s number.
“What would you like to have?” Jake asked.
“Ummmmmmm…........ I think I would settle for a chocolate frappe!” I replied.
“Chocolate frappe for the lady and a cappuccino for me, please. Thank you!” Jake placed the order and gave the menus back.
“So our first date!” I said teasingly.
“No… I mean I didn’t …… it is not a date…. I am sorry if I gave you the impression that I was asking you out or anything.” He fumbled.
“Relax …relax. I was just kidding.” I said, laughing at his gobsmacked expressions. Our coffees came just then and we started to drink and chat.
“If you need any sort of help, you are more than welcome.” Jake said sipping his coffee.
“Of course. Thank you so much.”
“No need.” He replied with a smile.
We finished our coffees and returned to work. We said our goodbyes and I went to the kitchen and he went to the band. They have two singers. So whenever one of them gets tired, the other takes his place.
“Hi Em!” I said, spotting her near the chef counter.
“Hello there.” She replied in her sweet tone, but she looked kind of bummed out. Her face was dropped and she didn’t seem as winsome as she was before.
“Everything okay?” I asked, really concerned.
“Yes, just some stupid, jerk pissed me off. He is one of our regular customers but I hate him. He can never be polite and behaves as if we are his servants.” She said, crossly.
“So, what are you gonna do?” I asked.
“Probably serve him sneezers.”
“What?” I asked, getting totally bowled over.
“We are not his private property. We are also humans having rights. Bloody jerk. This is my vengeance.” She said in a wampish tone.
She actually sneezed in the person’s soup. And I couldn’t stop myself from laughing.
“Follow my advice, whenever somebody is getting on your nerves, just serve them sneezers. It feels great.” she said, victoriously.
“Okay boss.” I replied and we both laughed. She is a great person. And we really hit it off. It was a pretty good first day. Soon my shift was over and I was waiting for a taxi outside.
“Does anyone need a lift?” A voice came from behind. Jake.  Of course.
I turned around and nodded. He first settled me in and then rushed to his side of the car and came inside.
“How do you always know I need help, and how come you are always there for me?” I asked, really surprised.
“I don’t know……. Maybe just a coincidence.” He replied very casually.
“Everytime! I don’t believe it. I believe there is something else. Something special.” Instantly regretting the way I have framed it. I know I have made him uncomfortable. He didn’t look at me once, till he pulled the car in front of my house.
“I think I will join you at your house. I want to see Becky.” I said. Jake nodded and put the car in gear. “Look, Jake I didn’t mean…… I mean please don’t get me wrong…… I was just.” I tried to explain but was not getting the right words.
“I understand, Ash. It’s okay.” He replied and squeezed my shoulders a bit.
“Thank you” I said and took a deep breath. He is so understanding. God I Love This Man. No sorry cut that. Maybe I am drunk. No God that was a crazy thought. Forget about it.
“Are you alright Ashley?” Jake asked, shaking me. I think I have been lost in my dream for a bit longer.
“Yes I am okay.” I replied.
“Here are we!” he said unbuckling his seat belt. I realized that we have reached their place. I, too, came out of the car and went inside with Jake. I saw Rachel and Jon and beside them Becky who was sulking seeing me.
“Hello Mr. and Mrs. Brandon. Hi Beck…..” I was about to complete my sentence when Becky cut me in “When exactly were you planning to tell me about your job?”
I shot a glance at Jake, who turned around to avoid my gaze but slowly turned around and mouthed “sorry”. I narrowed my eyes as though I could cut him into half just by my gaze.
“Becky listen I came here in the morning but you weren’t here. You were gone to meet Joey. Beck I am so sorry I wanted to tell you but you were not there.” I pleaded.
“I am so sorry Ashley, entire fault was mine. I was being really unreasonable blaming it on you.” She finally said.
“Awwwww….. Becky!” I said and hugged her tightly.
“Come to my room, I have to tell you lots of stuff.” She dragged me upstairs.
We started to talk about my job and her date last night. I told her how amazing my first day was and about my new friend Emma. She also told me about her date and apparently it was pretty great. They both just clicked and had the most amazing night of their lives. Listening to her I was honestly feeling like such a loner. It’s been so long since I have gone on a date. I am longing to go out and have fun.
“You know he is so sweet and romantic.” She said, in a sultry tone.
“You really are into him, aren’t you?” I asked teasing her.
“Of course, he is a great person.” She replied. Blushing a lot.
“I am really happy for you!” I said. “Becky, I think I should head home. Mom and dad are probably waiting for me.”
“Okay, darling. See you tomorrow.” She said, hugging me.
“Bye Beck!” I said and closed the door behind me as I left.
















                                                CHAPTER 8
“Yes mom it was great!” I told Mom and dad my experience of the first day being a waitress. “The people were so nice and so welcoming. I really had a fun day.”
“We really are glad that you had a great day!” Mom said, kissing me on my forehead.
“Yes, honey. I think you made the right choice by joining the job” dad said.
Well I am so happy mom and dad are happy. As soon as I came back from Becky’s house, we have been discussing my job. Mom has not even asked me for dinner. But it’s forgiven. I can understand that they are really excited, after all their only daughter has started working.
“What would be your job timings, love?” Mom asked.
“It would be from 8:00 AM to 7:00 PM.” I replied. “And you know the best part is Jake’s timings are the same.” Dad actually choked on the coffee he was drinking.
“Jake has the same timing, that is….. Great!” he said, after thinking about what to say.
I glanced at mom, who was trying to control her laughter. Dad is looking so cute, even I want to laugh.
“Henry, I think we should have dinner. Ash must be hungry. She has worked really hard today.” Mom said rushing towards the kitchen. My mom is really fond of cooking. And I think she cooks the most scrumptious meals.
I took in the aroma, which has filled our kitchen and the adjoining dining hall.
“Mom I can’t wait. Hurry up. The aroma is so tempting.” I said.
“Just a sec, darling.” Mom replied from the kitchen. Our dining table is always laid out nicely, so Mum just has to bring in the food.


“Oh God! I am so damn full.” I say, after finishing my ravioli and rubbing my stomach.
“Darling, it was great!” Dad said, kissing her.
“Thank you!” she said really gracefully.
I am really glad that my parents are celebrating my achievements. I am so proud of myself and I am sure you are too. There is no feeling in the world which could match the feeling you get when you see a smile on your parents face especially when you are the reason.

“Ah! It is to relaxing to lie on the bed when you have worked hard all day” I muttered to myself, falling on my bed. I actually didn’t realize when I was sound asleep.
Next morning, I woke up early having the same zeal as yesterday. I went to the bathroom, plugged in my I-pod and started getting ready for my job. I think I am running out of classy wears. Note to self: Go shopping soon.
“Morning, mom and dad!” I greeted them like a five year old who is too excited to go to school.
“Morning love.”
“Morning Darling!” dad and mom wished me respectively.
“Ready for Crimson Palace?” dad asked in a strange accent. I think its mandarin or something. What so ever, it didn’t suited him.
“Always!” I replied.
Meanwhile mom brought my coffee and kept it on the table. I sometimes think that I have the best parents ever! No, I believe it and it is so damn true. I mean I am 25 and still living with them and they have not passed a single sarcastic comment. I wasn’t even working or helping mom around but still they have always loved me unconditionally. But you know what, once I start earn enough money I am sure I am gonna settle down in my own house and then get settled with the most handsome husband.
“Honey, finish your breakfast fast and then I will drop you off to the restaurant!” dad said, finishing his tea (he has stopped eating coco pops, even at night, after mom and I drove him crazy with our comments.).
“Dad actually, you don’t need to drop me. Jake is coming here to pick me up.” I replied, gulping my coffee.
“Oh okay. Of course you both are going to the same place, why not go together.” He said. He kissed my mom goodbye and left for work.
“Mum I must leave too. Jake would be here any minute now” I said and waved mom goodbye. As I went outside, Jake was already there with his car.
“Hey, Ash. Come fast” I heard Becky screaming for the car. Becky?
“I have already missed the first day of your work. Can’t miss the second.” She said, joyfully. Oh! Got it.
“Oh Becky I love you” I said and rushed inside the car. “Thank you Becky for coming. It is great, you will love it. I am sure.”
“Before you get too excited, you must know, I am a tough customer to tackle love” she said like a million dollar worth, snotty businesswoman.
“Don’t worry. I know how to handle you” I replied and then we both burst out laughing.
“Hello Ash!” came Jake’s voice.
Shit. I totally forgot he was in the car too and the fact that he was kind enough to give me a lift today.
“Hello Jake! I am so sorry. I was so excited about Becky joining us today at Crimson Palace, I completely. . . . .” I couldn’t even complete my sentence as he intervened and completed it for me, “Forgot me! It is okay I was just kidding, relax.” And then he started laughing. I was too embarrassed to smile let alone laugh. You know what they say (I don’t know exactly who, by the way!) there is always some seriousness behind every just kidding. Finally the restaurant came. Phew.
“Welcome Ms. Rebecca Brandon. Welcome to Crimson Palace.” I said in my perfect waitress-type tone.
She nodded, continuing to pretend like snotty pants. The three of us went inside and took our positions, that were, Becky at a table. Jake on the stage, doing some kind of setting. And I went inside the kitchen.
“Hey Ash!” Emma greeted me with a big smile.
“Hello Em. So early?” I asked.
“Well I am a little more punctual.” She replied.
“Oh I see. It is good”
I wore my apron and picked my small diary and pencil and kept it in the small pocket stitched to my apron
“Good morning ma’am. I hope you find your table conducive?” I asked Becky in a sugar-coated tone.
“Actually, I need help. I need to find my-not-so-prissy-and-polite friend who does not wear an apron. Have you, by any chance, seen her?” she chaffed me. And we both started laughing. Just then Justin came and coughed so that I can be alert of his presence.
“Being quite friendly with the customers?” he taunted me.
“No, actually I find your staff really warm and nice. For a moment I thought I was talking to my friend and not a high-on-attitude waitress. I really liked her.” Becky said on my behalf and then winked at me.
She is a star.
“Well in that case, good job Becky.” He said and left. He is such a cold person. No ‘I am sorry’, no nothing. Bosses are horrible.
“Listen Ash, I have to go. I have to meet Joey. You look fab. And I am sure you are doing a great job. Bye. Meet you soon” she said and rushed off. To be frank I was a little annoyed of this Joey. He always gets in between. I hate him. Although I haven’t even met him but I am sure he is a bugger.
Sorry, I take that back. I am being so judgmental.
I was going back to the kitchen when I glanced at Jake. He was adjusting the mic. He looks really cool in hoods, just for your information. He is now practicing his song, it is really soothing and nice. I like it. No, I love it. At that very moment, when I was busy staring at Jake, Emma came from behind and tapped my shoulders.
“What are you staring at?” Emma teased me as she had already followed my gaze and is looking at Jake herself. I am all red but she keeps on smiling.
“No …. No. . . . . . you have got it all wrong…..” I tried to explain but I was tongue tied.
“I got it! But, on a serious note Justin is calling everyone for a special meeting.” She informed me. I nodded and followed her inside the kitchen. Justin was standing in the centre and everyone surrounded him, Emma and I joined.





                                        CHAPTER 9
It was a really boring meeting about the profits going a bit down. (98% from 99%. I mean seriously. Does that even count?). He gave us an hour long lecture that we need to increase our efficiency and that we have to increase the number of dishes in the menu and give them exotic names. He explained that we have to be more patient and polite with the customers. He was all Blah Blah Blah. I could seriously sleep standing. He dismissed us and Emma and I were the first ones to leave. As soon as we came out, the customers were pouring in. and we all instantly went back to work.
“How may I help you, Sir?” “Is the food okay sir?” “Hope you are having a good time.” “Do visit again.”
Oh My God my face is aching because of the fake smile I have been flashing to people and asking the same questions again and again. I am so tired. Today was really hectic. My face has lost its charm and my arms could fall out any minute. I sloppily entered the kitchen.
“Oh! Busy day today. I am so damn tired.” I said to Emma, while removing my apron and hanging it respectfully on the hook.
“Tell me about it!?” she replied, clearly frustrated. “By the way, he is really cute.” It took me a minute to understand that she was pin pointing Jake, but I acted aloof.
“Who?” I asked, innocently
“That lead singer of yours.”
“Are we still on that and, he is not mine. There is nothing between us. You are clearly mistaken.”
She nodded but I know she doesn’t agree with me.
“Okay bye see you tomorrow, Ash! Sleep well.” Emma said and left. I too went outside and started looking for a taxi. I bet, whenever I need a taxi, I won’t even find ONE. But when I don’t need one, every driver seems to show mercy. Jake had some meeting today, so I won’t be going with him today. I was so engrossed in finding a taxi that I didn’t realize that a couple of boys, on bikes, are staring at me. Oops shouldn’t have looked at them directly. They started their bikes and are came towards me.  Get ready Ashley, for some great trouble ahead. I gathered some courage and start walking, but they have already started to circle around me. Both of them got down of their bikes and came near me. “Hello, babe!” one of them said, brushing my arm lightly with his fingers. I threw his hand away, and started to walk again. They caught up with me and now the other one has grabbed my wrist. “Relax honey!”
“Let go of my wrist. Leave me. Please leave me!” I cried in agony. But his grip only tightened. The other one yet again came near me and felt my arm with his fingers. Tears came running down my eyes. The man came closer and now his hand was on my face. I closed my eyes and struggled to free my arm. Suddenly someone pulled the boy’s collars and his grip loosened. I freed my arm and ran away.
Jake! It is Jake.
Jake kicked the man who was holding my wrist and punched the one who was striding towards me.
“Bloody jerks!” he murmured. Both the boys regained their balance and were looking like as if they will rip off Jake into two halves. Both of them started moving closer to Jake with bloodshot eyes. Jake gestured me to move away and I did so. I hid behind a nearby tree and witnessed the fight. One of them tried to punch Jake, but he escaped just in time and elbowed the boy hard on his back and he punched the other one right in the nose. I have always wanted some guy to fight for me, but this was getting rather brutal. It was like a bloodbath in there. I am shaking all over with trepidation. I don’t want Jake to be hurt because of me. But, but ………. Jake, Oh My God. He has held both the man from their neck and dragged him towards me. By then a little crowd had already gathered. No one even cared to call the police; everyone was just enjoying the show. How mean is that?!?
“Sorry Miss, we are really sorry. We would never do something like this again.” The one, who held my wrist, apologized to me and the other one nodded in agreement. Both of them hurried down the lane and went.
“Jake thank you so much. You were like a hero over there. You are the best.” I said and hugged him hard.
“No problem Ashley. Always remember, whatever happens, I’ll be there for you.”
I took a step back and realized that Jake is really hurt. Blood is coming out of his nose and there are some scrapes on his arms.
“Oh My God Jake, you are badly hurt.” I panicked.
“Ash, relax. I am okay. It’s just little blood. It will be fine. Are you fine?” He asked me and wiped his nose. 
“I am fine. Thanks to you.” 
“I am glad you are safe. It’s getting late. We should head home.” He started walking towards his car and I followed.
“Wait, would you be able to drive?” I asked.
“Yes, I am really okay. Your sandals hurt me more.” He teased, getting inside the car and I sat in the passenger’s seat.
“You still owe me a pair of sandals.” I said, lightening the atmosphere.
“I will get them. Don’t you worry.” He replied. “Seriously, are you okay? I hope you are fine.”
“I am okay, all thanks to you.” I replied. “I know I will get over it soon.”
I may have said that I am okay to Jake but I am freaking out from inside. They touched me. I am feeling so disgusting. My wrist still hurts and my cheeks are hot red. We didn’t speak a word for the rest of the journey and it didn’t felt awkward at all. I am happy, well satisfied that we both are safe. We reached Jake’s house and I helped him get inside his house. He must have got cramps or something.
“Son. What is wrong?” Rachel hurried towards us already weeping.
I totally forgot that she would become a vehement wreck.
“God, Bro. You seem like you were put on furnace, look at you, all red and bloody.” She said.
“May I enter first please?” Jake replied getting annoyed. Jon, helped him in and he settled on a couch.
“Now, please tell us, what is wrong?” Jon asked.
I explained them the whole story and told them about those perverts and how Jake rescued me.
“Oh dear. Are you all right?” Becky asked, getting worried. I nodded and smiled, “all because of Jake. Thank you Jake. ”
“Jesus. Stop saying Thank you. That word is driving me crazy.” He joked and I grinned and that was not fake.
“I am so sorry, Jon and Rachel; I should have been more careful while coming back.” I said, I was feeling really bad.
“Come on sweetie, it is not your fault. We are just glad that you are safe.” Jon replied.
“Yes Ashley, please don’t worry at all. Jake is fine.” Rachel said. I flashed a smile at them for being so supportive.







                                            CHAPTER 10
I went home and kept a smile on my face. I didn’t want to worry mom and dad.
“Welcome Hon. You are late by the way.” Mom said, raising her eyebrows. I know she would want to know the reason. My mom and dad can never accept the fact that I am 25 now.
“Actually, I went over to Jake’s house.  Becky wanted to talk to me. I am sorry I should have called.” I lied to them. “I will come in a minute. Want to change into something more comfortable.”
“Okay. Come fast love.” Mom said and I went to my room. Dad wasn’t home yet. Saved. He would have a list prepared of questions. I went to my room and closed the door. I went to the washroom and I splashed water on my face like they do in those face wash commercials. Now, who the hell washes face like that? My whole damn washroom is wet.
I got out and changed into a pair of pj’s and sweatshirts. It is so comfortable.
“Mom I am really hungry.” I shouted and rushed to the kitchen. Dad was already sitting on the kitchen island.
“Hey dad. What are you doing here?” I asked, as dad always sits in the dining room. He rarely comes to the kitchen (except when he is really hungry.)
“I wanted……. to see…. your mother…….. Cook.” He fumbled. I know they were making out.
“Okkkaayy.” I replied. “I will be waiting in the dining room.” I left to give them some privacy. Mom and dad came after a minute and then we had our dinner in full silence. I was feeling so uncomfortable after what happened today. I tried to ignore the feeling but it felt gross and yuck!
I went to my room after my dinner and lay on my bed. Just then my phone started to ring and it was Jake. I picked up the phone and came his feel-better voice.
“Hey, Ash. Hope not disturbing you.”
“Not at all. In fact I wanted someone to talk to.”
“It was just an accident. And they didn’t do anything extreme. You were lucky. And I assure you nothing like this would happen again.”
“I know. But, are you fine, my hero?”
“I am fine. No problems at all.”
“Why did you call?” I asked out of curiosity.
“Just wanted to check that you are okay.”
“I am okay Jake. Just because of you.”
“My pleasure Ma’am. I will always be there for you, whenever you need me.”
“Well I may not say the same, but I will try my best to help you out whenever I can. You know like, girlfriend advice or what to wear on a date. Stuff like that.
He began laughing and I joined in too. The sound of his laughter makes me feel warm and safe. I believe that when he is there for me I don’t need to worry.
“Okay, now, I need an advice.” I said, after we finished laughing.
“Shoot.” He said, becoming instantly serious.
“I haven’t told my parents about what happened tonight. Now I think I should. I am so confused. I don’t know what to do and I clearly need some help.” I told him my dilemma.
He thought for a few seconds and replied
“I think you should tell them everything. After all they are your parents; they have full right to know what is happening to you. Eventually they will find out. You know my family knows and Becky is such a tattle-tale.”
“I think you are right. Jake, how you do this? You know everything. You are amazing.”
“Thank you. Now I will excuse you so you can tell your parents. Don’t worry. I am sure they will understand.”
“Bye Jake. See you tomorrow. Thank you for everything.”
“Bye, Ash!”
We both hung upped the phone.
I drew a deep breath and went downstairs to find mom and dad. They were sitting on the couch and watching TV.
“Mom and dad, we need to talk. I have something important to tell you guys.” I demanded. My voice full of confidence.
“Sure honey. What’s up” dad said, shutting the TV off.
“Today, when I was coming back from the restaurant and looking for taxi, two goons came and held me by my wrist and touched me. . . . . . “
Dad cut me and said, “What the hell? Why didn’t you tell us? You should have called. I am not leaving those two jackasses.” He is already dialing a number. I hurriedly snatch the phone from his hands.
“Love, are you fine? Did they do anything to you?” mom asked. She was so worried about me. I could see her tears being formed.
“I am absolutely fine mom. Jake came just in time and starting wounding them. He saved me. There is nothing to worry about.” I said and both of them took a sigh of relief.
“Thank goodness, our little princess is safe.” Mom said kissing me on the forehead. Both of them calmed down but still I could feel their tension. A lump formed in my throat, seeing my parents like this, but I quickly swallowed it.
“Honey I think you should leave this job.” dad said, getting hyper-emotional.
See, this is the reason I didn’t wanted to tell them.
“Dad it is okay. I will take care of myself from now on. I will be more careful, and nothing like this will ever happen again.” I assured them.
“But darling, it’s too risky. You were lucky that Jake was there, otherwise. . . . . . . .” mom neither had the words nor the courage to continue.
“I understand your fear mom, but I will be stronger and I will always keep a pepper spray in my bag if you want so. I will keep a hockey stick if you want!” I exaggerated. “I really like this job and I don’t want to lose it. It makes me feel responsible and proud of myself.” I made the puppy face, which I know they will fall for.
Mom and dad looked at each other for a moment and gave in.
“Okay, sweetie you can continue your job but you have to promise you will be careful and take care of yourself.” Dad said.
“I promise.” I said and jumped with excitement and hugged them.
I went back to my bedroom and closed the door.
“What a relief!” I exclaimed. I lay in bed thinking about all that have happened to me in a single day. I sounded quite confident about taking care of myself, but the fact that still haunted me was that the studs are out in open. They haven’t been arrested. Forget it, after Jake’s show I don’t think they will dare come near me or any other girl. I fell asleep with all those thoughts running in my mind.
The next morning was a bit warmer. The sun shone brightly outside my window and the rays filtered in through the curtain and irritated my eyes, waking me up. I tried to block the sunlight by putting a pillow on my face, but all my efforts were in vain. I got up and sat on the bed, cursing the light colored curtains, which by the way are very expensive and I insisted mom to buy them. Today I got a day off from work, as I was spending it with Becky. It has been a long time since we were together for the whole day. I stretched myself and got out of bad. Don’t think of me as stupid but you know what, sometimes I imagine me and my bed having a conversation.
“Please baby!” the bed would say
“I want to but I can’t” I would whine
“But it’s cold outside!” he would reply. And then my imagination comes to an abrupt halt as my mom would shout on dad about his lazy habits. Their fights also are so cute.
I showered quickly, got all dressed up and waggled down. Becky, as always, came a little early to have a gossip session with mom.
“You know Kathy, Mrs. Buffay, who lives two blocks away from here, just got her hair dyed. You wouldn’t believe she looks so funny. You can’t stop laughing.
“I think Mrs. Buffay should expect a surprise guest.” Mom said, and then they both started laughing.
“Hey Beck. Morning mom.” I greeted them both.
“Morning honey” mom replied and Becky came to hug me. “Wow. I am so happy. Just you and me, partying all day.” She said super-excitedly.
“Absolutely. I really was so looking forward to our day out.” I replied trying to match her enthusiasm. “By the way, how is Jake? He was really hurt yesterday.
“He is fine, he is doing well.” Becky replied.
“Seriously Becky, Jake was really helpful yesterday. Please tell him we are really thankful.” Mom said.
“No worries, Kathy. I will convey him your message.”
“It is getting late, let’s get the show on the road.”I said making a yo action with my hands. Trying to sound cool.
“Please Ash don’t ever. . . . . . ever do ‘that’ again.” Becky said, she sounded so disgusted.
“Okay, let’s go.” I grabbed Becky’s arm and rushed out of the house.
We came across Jake as we stepped outside my house. He was fixing his car. I mean seriously, a person who’s got injured last night in a rather excruciating donnybrook, doesn’t fix his car. His car is the first love of his life.
“Bro, you better be kidding me.” Becky exclaimed.
“What is wrong?” he demanded.
“Seriously. . . . . . What’s wrong? You are asking me what’s wrong. You are not supposed to do any work which could hamper the healing of your wounds.” Becky replied, in full anguish. She really cares about him a lot.
“I am fine, Beck. Mom forded me to take a leave from the band and I was free and bored. . . . . . so it was a nice idea to spent time with my car.” He replied, patting the roof of the car.
“Come on Jake, talk sense. You need to rest. You are making me feel guiltier. Please rest so all those wounds can heal quickly.” I said feeling abashed.
“Hey Ash, I . . . . . I didn’t come out here so you could feel guilty.” He said innocently. “If you felt so, I am really sorry. It was not at all “intentional.”
“I understand Jake, but I will forgive you only when you get inside and rest.” I said.
He flashed a smile and said, “your order my command . . . . . . . . You two enjoy your day” he said and left.
“So what is the plan?” Becky asked.
“Let’s go shopping; it’s long since I have done some good shopping.” I replied, excitedly.
“Okiee Dokiee!” Becky instantly agreed and we fled off.
We both just love shopping. We could shop for a whole day and not get bored.









                                                 CHAPTER 10
We both spent almost three hours in the market buying bountiful amount of things. We got tees, jeans, shorts, sandals, funky jewelry. Everything.  Our next stoppage was a nearby café and we fell into our chairs after such a long, tedious day. We ordered a mojito each and Becky also ordered a blueberry cheesecake for herself.
“God! It was amazing. I have never done this much shopping before.” She said.
“It was really pleasurable.” I said. As we were discussing about our day of fun our order arrived.
“Hmmmmm . . . . . . . . . It really looks yummy.” She said, reaching for her blueberry cheesecake. “I am so gonna pig out.” She said groping her first bite. I smiled and took a sip of my drink.
“How’s Joey?” I asked quaffing down my mojito.
“Joey is great. I can’t even explain how nice and sweet he is. It’s just I feel so good whenever I am with him. He is so adorable.” She blushed,
“I am really happy for you Becky.” I replied, patting her hand slightly. “So, tell me where is this relationship of yours going?”
“Well for now it is staying as it is. We don’t want to rush into things. And we both agreed to it. But, you tell me what is going on with you. You have not dated anyone since that stupid Ion.”
“I like it this way. Because I just don’t want a fling now. I want a real relationship and I am ready to wait.” I replied.
We finished our drinks and left the café to go back to Beck’s house.
“Home sweet home. We are back.” shouted Becky.
“You are back. How was your day?” Jake’s voice came.
“It was awesome. We had so much fun.” Becky said enthusiastically.
How can one be so cheerful and jolly after such a tedious day? No one except Becky can do it.
“I could see that, by the number of bags you are carrying. Geez, you both practically bought the whole place, didn’t you?” Jake commented sarcastically.
“Everything was so reasonable, only a foolish wouldn’t have bought all this.” Becky defended us.
“If you say so.” He said giving a shrug. “Ashley, you may put your bags down or by tomorrow your hands would not be able to shake mine.” Jake winked and helped me to put things down.
“Oh God!” I said with a sigh of relief. My arms are throbbing with pain. “Thank you Jake,” I said.
“Anytime.” He said, getting all charming. How can I never notice how good-looking he is?
“I am so tired. I feel like I am gonna pass out.” I said to Becky.
“Let’s go to my room and rest for sometime.” Becky suggested.
“I would love that but my dad and mom will hit the panic button if I didn’t reach home within . . . . . . Fifteen minutes.” I said checking my watch.
“I understand. Don’t worry Jake would help you carry all these bags to your house.” Becky said pointing at Jake.
“No, no I will carry them. No problems.” I said already reaching for my bags. Jake grabbed my hand, stopping me from picking up the bags.
“Look at you, you’ll fall the first step you take, with all this stuff. I would love to help. Seriously it won’t be any trouble.” He said.
“What about your bruises?” I asked.
“I am absolutely fine. It won’t be any trouble. Come on, don’t be formal.” He replied. I nodded and then agreed.
“I will drop all these bags, and of course Ash, to their home safe and sound.” He announced.
“That is like a good boy!” Becky said.
I hugged Becky goodbye and started picking some of my bags. Jake picked up more than I did and we started marching towards my house.
We were not talking, but the silence didn’t feel awkward at all. I was just staring at him. He realized my gaze on him and asked, “What?” I dragged my eyes off him.
“It’s just amazing how you are there for me everytime. Our past few experiences show how well we connect.” I replied, my cheeks turning red.
“You are right. We never talked directly, always the reason was Beck. But from past few days it’s like we can be good friends too.”
“Of course.” I flashed him a brief smile and turned my head away.
We reached my house and I welcomed Jake in.
“I am home.” I shouted.
“Oh dear. I am so glad you are okay!” dad said being overdramatic. I could see Jake’s mouth twitching. Thankfully mom came to my rescue.
“Look who is here, Jake. Welcome son.” Mom exclaimed with sheer happiness.
“Hey Kathy. Henry!” Jake said.
“Jake, thank you so much for what you did for Ash the other day. We really appreciate it. Thank you so much.” Mom said.
“It’s okay Kathy. I did what a friend would have done, nothing special.” Jake answered modestly. I smiled and he winked at me.
“I guess I should leave. Mom would be waiting for dinner.” He said and waved my parents bye and I walked him to the door. “Thanks again Jake, I don’t know how many more times I would have to say this ‘thanks’.” I said.
“According to me, never. You don’t need to Ash. It is okay, I am happy that I could make you happy.”
“How can you do this? One minute you are all sarcastic and the very next minute you are all chocolate boy types.”
“Everybody has got their own talents.” He raised his collars.
I giggled and then we both said our byes and he started walking towards his house. His hands inside his pockets. When we first met, he was a very shy boy. He never uttered a single word. So quiet and so unsocial, a total geek. He used to freak me out. I doubted if he was a human.
“Ash, where are you lost? Your food is feeling lonely out there in the plate.” Dad’s shrill voice dragged me out of my thoughts. Never mind his joke’s, they are always this bad. I went inside and started eating my food. I was surprised, as my thoughts kept drifting to Jake. We finished our dinner and I went to my room. Today was really tiring but still I was not feeling sleepy at all. I was still thinking of Jake. His light brown hair looks so cute, all spiked up. His body, so fair with a little tan. His eyes are crystal blue, so clear and full of innocence. I feel so safe and warm with him. I fell asleep in my deep thoughts. Happy thoughts. Thoughts about Jake.
The next morning, as I woke up, the realization that I have to work today hit me within seconds. I whined like an eight year old child who doesn’t want to go to school. But, what can I do I have to work. I got all dressed up, ate my breakfast and darted out of the door. I saw Jake leaving for the restaurant and he saw me too, so he stopped.
“Wanna have a lift?” he asked
“Depends upon who is asking.”
“I think I am asking.”
“Well I think I’ve got no other choice then.”
“Then hop in.” he said opening the door for me and I sat beside him.
“I think I should take up a full time job as your bodyguard / driver / chauffer. What do you think?” he teased me.
“Not a bad idea at all. We could work upon them. I would love to have a personal bodyguard / driver / chauffer.” I said and we both started laughing. He looked so lovely. Stop it Ashley! Control yourself.
Soon the restaurant came and we both got down from the car.
“Thank you, Mr. Jake.”
“Pleasure, ma’am.” He replied, bowing a little.
I went inside the kitchen to get my apron when Emma came.
“Are you fine? I heard about the other night.” She asked getting really worried.
“I am fine Em. Jake was there to save me from those hooligans.” I replied.
“Ah! The band guy. Your beau. Seriously Ashley you both look so cute together. I think you could give it a try.” She teased.
“Emma I told you, there is nothing between us, we are just friends.” I pleaded.
“Ya. . . . . . ya I know ‘you both are just friends’.” She said making quote marks with her fingers.
I smiled and then we both got ready for our job. Emma and I’ve grown a lot closer. She is really sweet and nice. She is so frank and easy to talk to.

The half of the day has gone by and the restaurant is almost empty besides some regulars having their meals. The band has stopped playing and I am taking a break in a few minutes. Justin is really precise. He wouldn’t allow you to leave your duty even a minute before the decided time. This habit of his really gets on my nerves. There are no customers then why the hell to stand here and stare at the wall. Between this wall watching, whenever Jake caught my eye, I start to blush. I just don’t know what is going on with me. I like his company so much. Whenever his soft eyes rest on me, it is like heaven on earth.  The way he walks, the way he talks, everything about him is so alluring. The way he smiles. Oh My God! It’s the most beautiful smile I have ever seen. I can actually feel butterflies dancing in my stomach, when he touches me even if accidently.
“Where are you lost?” Emma’s voice startled me. “Are you fine? The break’s already started!”
“Yes, I know . . . . . . I was just leaving.” I replied.
“Liar, liar pants on fire.” She teased me.
I blushed and went inside the kitchen, hot with embarrassment. I removed my apron and went outside to take in some fresh air and clear my mind. I just closed my eyes when I heard a familiar voice from behind.
“Hey, Ashley. What’s up?” Jake asked. See whenever I have to take my mind off someone, that person will come right in front of my eyes and I will lose all my progress.
“Hey. Nothing’s up. Justin is acting like a freak rest all is fine.” I said and he gave a snort.  “What about you?”
“Nothing is up. Justin driving us also crazy!”
“Hey, you copy cat!”
“I love cats.”
“Sure you know how to bum people out.”
“As I said, everybody has their talents.”
“And you are the most talented person I have met.” I taunted.
“Really, I am so flattered.” He said making an awe face.
“You are too much.” I replied.
“No I am not ‘too much’. I am ‘Jake Brandon’, remember?”
“Have you sworn that you won’t talk any sense today?”
“No, I am sorry. I was just kidding.”
“I know that. C’mon, I was kidding too.” I said.
“I know that!”
“You know what?”
“I know that you know that I was kidding.”
We both laughed at so called joke. “Oh, shoot! Break’s up. I better get going.” I said glancing at my watch.
“Bye. Your break is too short just ten minutes anyway after you shift wait up for me. I will give you a lift home.” Jake said.
“Okies”
I returned to the kitchen and wore my apron again. Emma was already there getting ready to serve people.
“Hey!” I said.
“Hello. Have you and your Romeo completed chatting?” she said making quote marks with her fingers.
“Shut up.”














                                             

                                               CHAPTER 11
I ended my shift, deadly tired. Jake’s band stopped playing before I got free. He was waiting for me near his car.
“Let’s go.”
“I was just waiting for you.” he said, shrugging his shoulder. We sat inside the car and rode off. To end the awkward silence I started the conversation. “So….you never told me about your girlfriend.”
“I don’t have one.”
I am such an idiot. Of course, he doesn’t have a girlfriend or otherwise he would be giving her lift not me.
“Oh! I am sorry.”
“No problems at all.”
“But you must have been in a relationship before?”
“Yes. I’ve had girlfriends, but nothing serious. There is always something missing. I don’t know what but none of my girlfriends seem like the one I want to spend my life with.”
“You know in future, if I will get a chance I’ll choose a perfect girl for you. I am a great advisor. You can ask for my opinion any time.”
“I’ll certainly keep than in mind.”
We kept on cracking jokes and kept on laughing until we reached my house.
“Bye, Jake” I said and went inside my house.
“Hey mom!” I greeted her hugging her from behind.
“Hey, honey. How was your day?” she asked.
“Great as usual.” I replied with a big smile.
“Good. By the way, Becky called and said that she has something important to tell you. So you may call her.” Mom gave me the message.
I nodded and rushed towards the phone and dialed her number.
“Hey Beck. You called?”
“Yes. Ash listen we are planning a surprise birthday party for Jake. And I want you to help us out please.” She said in a hushed tone.
“Jake’s birthday is coming. When?”
“24 Jan. and it is already 3 Jan. You have to help us.”
“Absolutely, I’ll definitely help. I try to help in any way I can. I will get a chance to repay him that way, for all the things he has done for me.”
“Great. You come over at my place tomorrow, after your job, we can sit together and plan everything.” She sounded very excited.
“Okay then, bye, see you tomorrow.” I said and hung upped the phone.
This is awesome; I’ll be able to throw him a birthday bash. It is all so cool. I have never thrown a party before. Okay, now I am exaggerating, I am not throwing the party just helping a bit. Note to self: don’t get carried away, just help.

Okay, now this is not what you mean by help. I have been at Becky’s house for more than an hour now, and we are still not completed with the rough draft of the party. Mostly we have only discussed what I am supposed to do. Seriously, she said help, only help. I thought I would have to burst the party poppers or decorate the cake table. Things like that. But I guess I need to learn the new definition of ‘help’, so I can’t be fooled next time.
To-do list for Jake’s birthday:
1)  Convince Justin to give me a 3 day break from 22 to 24 Jan (so I could prepare for the party).
2) Also book the party hall of Crimson Palace.
3) Invite his band members and other friends from the restaurant. (This should be easy; he doesn’t have any friends from the restaurant.).
4) Ask Jake if he wants any particular gift on his birthday but of course not directly. (Now, how the hell to do that?).
5) Pick a shirt for Jake with Becky.  (I am sure we’ll end up buying boys sweatshirts for ourselves.).
6) And finally, get Becky ready for the party. (Because everyone knows my choice is the best.).
I just have only few days to do this all.
“I almost forgot, you also have to keep it all a secret, don’t spill the beans you!” she warned me. Like I don’t know the meaning of ‘surprise birthday party’. Wow I am learning mew words.
“Of course Becky I won’t tell it to anyone.” I said with a bit of disappointment. “I think I should leave, it’s getting late.” To be honest I wanted to go until Becky becomes a power craze maniac. She is so excited about this party like she hasn’t gone to one ever.
“Bye, Ash! You are such a darling.”
I went home and told mom and dad everything about the party.
“Nice! I am glad you are doing all of this for Jake. He is a really nice chap” mom said.
“I know, he has been really helpful to me.” I said with a shy smile.
“Is dinner ready?” dad asked, ignoring the piece of information I have just shared. Typical of him.
“Yes, dinner is ready. Both of you set the dining table please.” She said going inside the kitchen.
“Oh yes! You were gonna make lasagna today. I just love it.”I said, really pleased.
“Love, I . . . . . made . . . . . mix . . . mix veg instead.” Mom said guiltily.
“What? Why? Lasagna was the deal.” I said crossly.
“Relax honey, you know that people say mix veg tastes just like the filing of lasagna.” Mom replied.
“Who says that?” I asked, surprised at the non-sense sayings of people.
“Well. . . . . . people who have never tasted lasagna I suppose.”
WHAT?!?
“Look Ash I am sorry. I totally forgot that I was supposed to make lasagna. I will make it some other day, I promise.” Mom apologized, of course melting me.
“It is okay mom. Make sure you make it soon, I mean really soon.” I said focusing on the soon.
“Mother-daughter promise sweetums.” She said, sending me a flying kiss.
“So if everything is settled maybe we should eat, I am starving out here.” Dad, our mute spectator, finally spoke.


Must say that mix-veg thingy was rather nice. Call me crazy but it kind of tasted like lasagna. It’s okay considering I had a tough day. I am not used to it. But it is Becky, I can’t say no to her, not in million years. Okay, so I am doing it for Jake but it is not at all personal. It’s his birthday and he deserves it to be a special day. Trust me on this; I would really do anything to make it a good day. (For him, to be clear.).

Justin is such an insensate person who will never give leaves easily. But, I can do it. I can convince Justin to give me a break and also book the hall for the party.
“Hey Justin.”
“Hi Ashley. How is work?”
He can never leave work aside.
“Work is great!” I said, maintaining patience. “By the way, did I mention you are looking really…. Really….. smart.” I tried to suck up. (To be honest he looks yuck!”)
“Oh! Thank you. My new tie you see.” He flaunted.
“Yes, it’s really nice.” I lied. (Yuck again).
“I don’t know why my wife doesn’t like It.” he frowned.
Woh! He has a wife. I thought he was. . . . . .  Well forget it.
“I can’t really guess why she doesn’t like it. It is really nice.” I buttered him more. “Justin, I was thinking maybe I can take three day break from 22 – 24 of January.” I made pretty-please face, which can melt anyone except Justin.
“Why you want the leaves?” his voice suddenly stern.
“Actually I wanted to throw a birthday party to a friend a really close friend of mine.”
“Well you know business is all time high and having one less waitress is……..”
“I know Justin, but I will make up to you big!” I cut him in between. “Moreover the party would be held at Crimson Hall. So you will get good business.”
“Well okay, but three days means three days and you have to do an extra shift the very next day you return to duty.”
Bastard.
“Okay, done.” I showed him thumbs up.
“Good day!” he said and left. I took out my phone and jabbed Becky’s number.
“Guess what, our job’s done.”
“Ash thank you. You are a rock star.”
“I know I am a rock star.” I flaunted.
“What did you do?” came a strange voice which was not Becky’s. I turned around and.
Shoot!
“Jesus Jake, you scared me!” I fumbled and hung upped the phone.
“I just saw you having the longest conversation with Justin. Bet this is the longest someone has talked to him.” he taunted and I am completely tongue-tied. I don’t know what to say.
“Well……. I was just complimenting him……… for his tie. I really liked it.” I said confidently. Although I know he is never going to buy this.
“Ya sure. I would puke on that tie.”
“You are so rude. It…… it has got such ……… vibrant colors.”
Shit. I am busted.
“Seriously?!?”
“You know forget it. You know absolutely nothing about fashion. Mommy chose this top. Mommy does my shopping…….” I said in a funny tone.
“Stop it you.” He giggled himself. That is one of the things I like about him, if he can make jokes on others he can take them too.
“Today’s jokes session is over. I better get back to work.” He said
“Sure, even I have to work.” I said and went back to the kitchen.
















                                           CHAPTER 12
“I didn’t want to eavesdrop but I heard you talking to Justin, so whose birthday it is?” Emma asked, really intrigued.
“Just a friend.” I said breezily.
“Friend or a close friend?” she asked teasing me.
“From how close were you listening? I didn’t see you around.” I asked changing the topic.
“Well, everyone has their talents.”
“Oh come on, stop it Jake.” I said instantly.
Shoot!!
“What did you just called me?” she asked completely dazzled. She is not going to let it go.
“Nothing……….. nothing at all.” I said, not daring to meet her eye.
“I knew something is brewing between you two.” She said, tickling me.
“No Emma, it is nothing. It’s his birthday on 24 Jan and Becky wants me to help that is why I am taking leaves.” I told her the truth.
“Well he sure is a close friend of yours.” She said making quote marks.
“Well……. I think we should start working. I can’t upset Justin.”
“Okay, let’s begin. Taking orders, picking dirty dishes, plastering a fake smile even though you wish to kill someone. Awesome.” She said sarcastically.
“Em, if you don’t like it here then why don’t you leave it?” I asked and suddenly her expressions changed. The charming smile was gone. She looked a bit tensed.
“I can’t leave because I have an absolutely fantastic friend over here.” She replied but I could tell she was lying. Anyhow, I passed her a bright smile. I don’t know what’s up with her. She is pretty, tall and has an amazing smile. She looks smart, works efficiently and has been really nice to me. But she is always repining about the place and she hates to work over here yet she never leaves. She never talks to anyone except me of course and I find her really nice and witty. I really like her.
“Ashley, I think your little vacation does not start until 22 Jan.” Boomed in Justin’s voice.
Shoot!! Why the hell he enters the kitchen.
“I am sorry. I was just leaving.” I said and turned around before he could say anything else. He is a pain in neck. I went outside and saw Jake playing a beautiful song, his own composition. He catches me staring at him and I turn around, completely red in my cheeks.
“What would you like to have sir?” I asked to a customer sitting behind me.
“Thanks love, but I have already placed my order.” he said, pointing towards Emma, who showed me her diary and laughed.
I am so embarrassed.
“I am so sorry sir, I didn’t realize…..” I was apologizing when he cut me in, “It’s okay dear, happens sometimes.” Then he continued in a hushed voice. “It’s none of my business but nice choice.” He said pointing towards Jake. I wanted to say that we are just friends but nothing came out of my mouth.
Stupid mouth.
I smiled, blushed and went away, inside the kitchen. As soon as I entered, Emma began to laugh.
“Yes so funny. Ha! Ha!” I said sarcastically.
“Oh come on it was fun, besides no one told you to drool over your crush in front of everyone.”
“Oh please! I just looked there by chance.”
“Whom are you trying to fool, babe. It’s me.”
“I guess we should return to work.” I said charging out of the room. Note to self: do not stare at JAKE.

It’s been an hour since I’ve come back from the restaurant and I am sitting at Beck’s house and preparing for Jake’s party.
“So hall is booked, just payments left. And you have already taken the leaves.” She said striking off things from her list.
“And what about the stuff you were going to do?” I asked with an edge in my tone.
“I have called a few of his friends and some close relatives. Also, I have figured out what mom and dad will be wearing.” She said victoriously.
That is Becky, no tensions at all.
“I am also thinking of inviting Emma, my friend is it okay?” I asked.
“Of course it is okay. I would love to meet her.” Becky replied.
“Meet whom?” of course Jake.
Doesn’t he knock? I hope he hasn’t heard anything else. Fingers and toes crossed.
“Meet Emma. I was just telling Becky that she is a great girl.” I said.
“Yep and I am always eager to meet new people.” She joined in with a plastered smile. He nodded and left.  Thank God! I am so mellowed down we are not busted.
“Well how it’s going with Joey?” I asked.
“It’s great as always. I think I have found my someone special. He is the most romantic person I have ever dated.” She replied, blushing slightly.
I slightly squeezed her arm and smiled. “It’s getting late I should leave, we’ll continue tomorrow.”
She nodded and gave me a hug. I went downstairs and bid adieu to Rachel and Jon.
“Hey, I will walk you home.” Jake said, startling me. “It’s kind of a habit now.” I glanced at Jon and Rachel who were smiling at us. I went all red. But I kind of wanted him to drop me off.
“Sure.” I replied, giving a smirk. We went outside and he closed the door behind.
“So should I assume it as flirting?” I asked, teasing him.
“Well, take it as you want to. I have fun dropping you off.” He said and winked. And he started to grin like a fool.
“What is the fun part?” I asked.
“For starters, the sky is picturesque and the distance is just apt, not too far and not near. The last thing, I get to spent time with you. This one is actually my favorite one.” Somehow I control the urge to say ‘mine too’.
“You are really sweet and it would be great if we spent more time, getting to know each other better. I say, let’s go for a coffee someday.” I said instead.
“Are you asking me out?”
“No, just a friendly coffee.” I said, hitting him in the stomach.
“Deal, I will pick you up tomorrow at 7:30, after your shift, and we’ll go to some place nice.”
“Okay, I will be waiting.”
We covered the distance to my house and I bade him a goodbye. What the hell did I just do? I asked him out, I mean on a friendly coffee but what am I gonna talk about? Or what I will wear?
Shoot!!
“I am home and I am going to my room.” I declared.
“Everything fine?” mom asked.
“Yes mom, just a bit tired.” I lied.
“Okay.” She replied from the kitchen.
Oh God. I know I shouldn’t be this nervous, it’s not like it’s a date, but it gives me jitters just to think that Jake and I will be alone for sometime. Well on second thoughts, I don’t think it is a bad idea altogether. I could talk to him; maybe I can get to know him well. I could bond with him. I instantly go crimson at the thought of meeting him alone. I should ask someone for advice. Becky. No, bad idea. It will be so awkward. I asking her to give me tips to date her brother. Emma, I suddenly realize. Of course, she would be the best person to give me advice on a date with Jake, I mean coffee with Jake. Just simple coffee. I hurriedly took out my phone and dialed her number.
“Hey you free.” I asked straight away.
“Yes.” She replied. Strange, her voice was wobbly and she was not sounding as winsome as she usually does.
“Are you okay?” I asked.
“Absolutely!”
“Emma you won’t believe what I just did, I asked Jake out!!!”
“Seriously, that is amazing. I am so happy for you.” She replied. “I knew something was going on between you two.”
“Nothing like that, just a friendly, casual coffee.”
“I believe you.” I know she didn’t mean that.
“Well I want to ask you about what to wear? How to do my hair? What to talk? How to greet him? Should I get something for him?” I finally stopped to catch a breath.
“And you are calling it a casual coffee.” She replied sarcastically.
“I know I am freaking out.”
“Don’t worry I am sure even he is thinking about all this. Okay, relax. Just be yourself and I am sure you will rock.”

















                                              CHAPTER 13
Emma and I talk for another half an hour or so, then she finally hung up. She is so awesome. I am all set for tomorrow. She told me everything I needed to know. Now I feel quite confident. Bring it on I am ready. I have decided on black Louis Vitton jeans. (This says I am cool and sexy of course.) With it I am wearing a red high neck top. (This says I am breezy.). I have looked for a great pair of red stilettos (this says I have got heels higher than your standards.). Yippee! That is my complete outfit. Emma said that I should keep my makeup and hair-do simple so I don’t look over for just a cup of coffee. I think she is right I should not look too fancy.

The next morning I woke up to my mom’s shout and am still half-asleep. I really slept late last night and I had to wake up early. Uhgggg! I hate waking up early. I went downstairs, all dressed, the way I planned last night. I look really subtle but mom still notices. Very typical of her, she notices everything. Every teeny-weeny thing.
“Someone looks really nice today!” mom said.
“Well, I guess that someone is me.” I said innocently.
“Darling, you look really beautiful.”
“Thank you.” I replied twirling.
I kissed mom goodbye and left the house, adrenaline rushing within me. Jake would be here any minute to pick me up. Please not let him notice that I look any different and just as I am praying I see his pulling up in front of me.
“You look……. Nice.” He said straight away, getting out of his car.
“Hello Jake and thank you.”
“Oh! Sorry, hi Ashley.”
“No problems.”
“Let’s go.” He said pointing towards the car.
“Sure.” I said, rushing for the passenger’s seat’s handle.
“Are you all dressed up because of our date…… I mean coffee?”
Shoot!
“I……I just wanted to ……. to look different. I wanted look good.” I lied. He knows me so well.
“Oh. FYI you always look good, whatever you wear.”
“Awwww, Jake that was so sweet. Somebody is being impressive.”
“I am always impressive.” He replied. We both started to laugh at his statement.
As the restaurant came we both went to our duties. He went to the stage for the set-ups and I went inside the kitchen.
“Hey Em. How are you?” I said, excitedly.
“Fine!” she replied not even looking me in the eye. She had lost her charm. Her mascara was smudged and her eyes all swollen up and red. She didn’t look excited seeing me and didn’t even tease me about Jake. This proves she is definitely not okay. That is why she sounded off yesterday too.
“What’s wrong Emma? You look miserable.”
“Everything is fine. You relax, and by the way how’s your coffee thing coming?”
“You can’t change the topic. Tell me what it is that is bothering you?”
“Nothing, leave it. It’s a long story.”
“I am listening.”
“You concentrate on your coffee with Jake. I don’t want to spoil your day.”
“If you are not telling me, I am not going.”
“Why don’t you understand, I can’t explain because I don’t want too?” She said getting agitated
“Okay don’t tell me, but I am not leaving you today. I will cancel the coffee with Jake. I am sure he will understand.”
“No please, please don’t bail out on Jake because of me.” Tears coming out of her eyes.
“It is okay, I am sure he’ll understand.” I left her, and went to find Jake. He was adjusting the mic and the other band members were discussing something. I went up to him and he flashed me a smile.
“Hey Jake, can I talk to you for a sec alone please?” I decided to be straight forward or else it would be just more difficult.  I crossed my fingers at my back.
“Way to go Jakey boy.” His band members shouted and teased him from behind. He ignored the comments and hoped down the stage.
“What’s up?”
“Jake I …….. I can’t go today for our ……… co…coffee.” I said apologetically. His smile froze and he seemed very disappointed.
“Why? What happened?” he asked casually but I knew he was not at all happy.
“I guess I have to stay back and be here with Emma she is really not well. I am so sorry Jake I know you were really excited so was I... but…”
“It is okay Ashley. No problems we could hang out some other time. It is all okay.” He replied smiling. He is the best.
“Thank you so much for understanding.” I said and he just smiled and showed me thumbs-up and climbed back to the stage. I smiled too and was about to leave when Justin showed up. He didn’t look in a good mood.
“I guess you don’t just want a three day break but a permanent one. You are never serious about work. Either you are with Emma or Jake or lost in your own little world.” He screamed at me in front everyone. I have never felt so humiliated in my whole damn life. He is so rude. Damn him.
“I am so sorry Justin….. I was just….” I gave up explaining. A big lump formed in my throat. I can’t speak or tears will follow my words.
“Now you listen to me, as a punishment all your leaves are canceled and you have to work extra shifts as well.” He demanded and left.
What the hell am I going to do? Becky would be so mad at me. I am totally pissed off.
“Why were you taking a three day leave?” Jake asked confused.
Shit.
“I…..I had to go somewhere.” I lied and returned to the kitchen. Emma followed behind me.
“I am so sorry Ashley, it happened all because of me.” Emma said apologizing.
“No, don’t be silly. I guess I better get to work.” I said and took my apron and diary.
Justin said I have to work an extra shift today too. Today was a big bummer. I would have to go to home alone too as his shift will be over an hour before mine. It is my break going on and I am sitting in the balcony all by myself. The weather is great. The breeze touching my face is so refreshing as if releasing me from all my troubles. And once again I am struck with the thought of Becky, she is gonna get really upset and we haven’t really spent much time, just we both, every time now we only discuss Jake’s party. This day is such a bummer. I buried my head in my hands.
“Hey! What are you doing here?” Emma asked.
“Where else to go?” I answered her by asking her a question.
“You know, there are people out there who have a lot worst days than you.” She tried to comfort me.
“Ya! Of course. Can you name one?” I taunted.
“Well me.” She replied sadly. “My family was small but sweet. My parents, Emmet me big bro and me. But, last year my parents died in a car accident. Since then Emmet and I had to live all by ourselves. Our relatives bailed on us. Emmet was so caring; he was always like a father to me. He started working and left his studies so that at least we could sustain. Then two months ago my brother was diagnosed with brain tumor” she paused, tears flowing out of her eyes.
“I am so sorry Emma.” I hugged her.
“I was devastated when I heard it. For the first time I missed my parents so much, I cried for the whole night. Bro’s health worsened and he was no longer allowed to work. So that is how I landed here. I had to step up and take responsibility. That is why I work here, do extra shifts so that I could make money and save my brother’s life.” She cried even more.
“I am sure he’ll get alright and all your hard work will pay off.” I said rubbing her arms lightly
“Thank you, I really feel light after talking to you.”
“Anytime, darling.” We hugged and then it was time to start my extra shift.






                                                      CHAPTER 14
I was working my extra shift and both Emma and Jake have already left. Emma insisted on staying but I asked her to go back home and be with her brother. Her brother’s health was deteriorating day by day and she should spend more time with him.  As I glide from one table to another and collect tips, I feel a pang of guilt. I have always been a careless, free-spirited and a pizzazz girl. I have never cared about money always cared about spending it. And, when I heard about Emma’s sufferings I feel so bad. She also told me that on her day off’s she babysits her neighbor’s children to earn extra money. Tangled between all these thoughts my shift soon got over. I went inside and removed my apron and kept aside the diary. I went outside and saw something shell shocking, I was so surprised to say anything.
“Jake!” I somehow throw the words out.
“Hey there you are, ten minutes late madam.” He said pointing towards his wrist watch.
“What are you doing here?”
“You forgot, being your driver waiting for you is one of my glorious jobs.” He joked.
“You have been waiting for me for an hour!”
“Correction, one hour and ten minutes. You had a crappy day so I thought you may need a little cheering up.” He winked and I couldn’t help but smile.
“Finally, atleast you smiled.” he said, touching his heart dramatically.
“You are such a sweetheart. Thank you so much.” I said and hugged him hard.
“My pleasure, your highness.” He bowed. “I think we should leave, it is getting late.” He opened the passenger’s gate for me and I sat then he rushed to his side and fastened his seatbelt and we rode off.
“I am so lucky, you are always there for me everytime I need you.”I said to Jake.
“I am happy to be there for you.” He said and then we continued our journey in silence.
“Your house, Miss Lost.”  Jake said, clipping in front of my face.”
“Oh! I wanna talk to Becky first, so you can take the car to your house. I said. He nodded and zoomed off. We reached their house and we both hoped out of the car. Oh God! She will be really upset. Please God help me.
“Hello Ashley dear.” Rachel greeted me with her perfect smile.
“Hi Rachel. Where is Beck? I really want to talk to her.” I asked.
“Oh dear! Where else she would be. In her room, doing absolutely nothing. Ash please tell her jobs are good. All she does is spend money. I think she needs to understand the value of money. She has really been spoilt and it is my fault. She is 25 and still living with her parents.” She ranted and I looked at Jake who was completely offended and to be honest I was too. What is wrong with living with our parents? But I do earn money so I pay for my shopping on my own now a days and so does Jake. Maybe Rachel is right Beck should work.
“I will talk to Beck about that.” I said and rushed upstairs. As soon as I entered her room I saw her dancing like a lunatic with songs playing in the background. Maybe we should start knocking before entering each other’s rooms.
“Hey there Beck.” I said. She jumped with fright and then seeing me she took a sigh of relief and turned off the music.
“Hey Ash.” She gasped for breath.
“I really want to talk to you. It’s really important.” I said right away.
“Of course. What is the matter?” She asked sitting on the bed and I sat on the chair in front of her. I narrated the whole story, and her smile vanished, her eyes stony and her glare as though she could eat me up with her eyes.
“What the hell Ash?” she shouted.
“I am really sorry Beck. I can’t help it.” I pleaded helplessly.
“Oh please, you could have done something. You just agreed to the punishment. Couldn’t you have said something?”
“Becky please try and understand. If I had said something then I would have lost my job.”
“Ash what is more important your silly job or Jake’s party?”
What the hell is wrong with her??? And SILLY JOB. She has lost it.
“My job Beck.” I said, completely irritated.
“How can you not come to the party and what about all the work that you were supposed to do?” she asked panicking.
“I would try to do them.” How insensitive is she. I didn’t tell her all about Emma but still I had a crappy day and all she is worried about is that damn party work she has given me. I was trying so hard not to shout on her.
“When you will do it, huh? Your job, your extra-shifts, your Emma.”
“You have every right to get upset but please don’t involve Emma.” I said. She is getting on my nerves.
“Because she is your new best friend?” she taunted.
“Why are you so angry at me? Jake is your brother, you know him well then I do. It’s not such a big deal you can still make that-surprise-party-for-Jake work.” I screamed.
“What ‘surprise party for Jake’?” came in the shocked voice of Jake.
CRAP!!!!!!
Becky is so gonna kill me. I am dead meat.
“Great! Now, you have ruined the surprise completely.”  Becky vociferously shouted at me. I was so near to tears that nothing came out of my mouth.
“Would anyone please tell me what is going on?” Jake asked totally unaware of what was happening.
“We were planning a surprise birthday party for you, and Ash was helping us. But this blabber mouth ruined everything. She is not able to take off from her work, she didn’t invite your band members, didn’t found about what you want for the birthday and know she spilled the beans.” Becky said. It is so unfair, she was partner in crime. She was shouting at me and I lost my temper. But I cannot shout right now. I have to behave.
“I am so sorry, I didn’t do that on purpose.” I said in a low voice,
“I really wanted it to be a great surprise for you, Jake.” Beck said, quite hurt.
“Oh! Beck you thinking about planning my birthday party is enough for me. I am really happy.” Jake said, embracing her sister. “Moreover, you know I don’t like parties, so I am not at all upset.”
“I think I should leave.” I said, I didn’t want to disturb them.
“Yes, you should and never come back.” Becky shouted at me, escaping his brother’s hug. Tears started pouring out of my eyes, I tried but couldn’t control. I turned around and hurriedly went away.
“Ashley wait!” Jake yelled, following behind me. I ignored him and Rachel and Jon’s stares too and rushed out of their residence. Jake followed me out and grabbed me by my arm. My face was completely damp by my tears. “Ash, it’s okay. Please don’t cry.” Jake said, wiping my tears.
“I am so sorry Jake I really didn’t want to spill that out, it was just a coincident.” I tried to explain myself.
“You don’t need to justify yourself, I understand it was not your fault.”
“You have done so much for me; I wanted to repay you, by helping Beck to organize this party. But . . . . . . . ..” Jake hugged me and said under his breath, “But nothing. I have done nothing for you. I was just being a good friend.”
“You are the best friend!” I said and hugged him more tightly. I felt really comfortable at that moment in his arms. It was the best thing in the whole day.
“I’ll always be there for you!” he murmured.
“I know. But what about Becky?” A tear ran down my cheek.
“I know she is a bit upset, but I am sure she will get over it soon, because truth be told, she cannot live a day without you.” A brief smile came across my face.
“I know you had a terrible day but don’t stress over it. Just relax.” Jake said, holding me by my shoulders, gently.
“I can’t relax. You don’t know the whole story.” Tears started again. I told everything about Emma to him and explained him why I bailed out on our plans.
“Poor Emma.” He exclaimed, genuinely feeling sorry for her.
“I know and I really want to help but with so much happening……”
“Don’t worry I am sure you will find out a way.” He sensed my pain and hugged me again more tightly this time and I forgot all my troubles and wept on his shirt. “It’s okay no one is perfect. You are only human and have full rights to make mistakes. No one cans blame you for whatever happened, it was just your hard luck.” He consoled me and then we slowly drifted apart.
“Thank you that really helped.” I said with my little voice.
“Here, take this.” He handed me his handkerchief. I took it and wiped my face with it.
“I’ll return it after washing.” I said and he nodded. “I think I should leave mom and dad must be worried I didn’t even picked up their calls, just left a message. Bye Jake.”
“Wait…. Wait, do you really think I will let you go all by yourself that to like this. I’ll be awarded as the worst bodyguard.” I smiled but it quickly disappeared.
“I don’t think Becky would like it if you come along me.”
“We’ll see that later, but now your safety is my foremost priority.”
“Okay, but this time you have to come inside, I can’t face my parents alone.” I said and he nodded in agreement. I am so glad Jake is there for me. I am so pissed off right now that I cannot handle anymore drama and my dad is a drama queen I mean drama king. I took a deep breath and went inside the house. As soon as I entered the house I saw mom and dad anxiously waiting for me. They were sitting in the dining hall sipping their tea. Mom suddenly noticed me and kept her tea aside.
“Honey, where were you? We were so worried about you.” Mom said coming near me. Dad also came and stared at me for an explanation for me being so late.
“Oh my God Ashley, you look miserable.” Mom said putting a strand of hair behind my ear.
“What is wrong honey?” dad asked his eyes getting warmer and the stony stare gone. Both of them looked so worried. I hate it when mom and dad are tensed because of me. I feel like a terrible daughter.
“I guess we should sit inside and talk about it.” I said gathering up my courage. I looked at Jake and he gave he had a perfect smile assuring me that I am doing the right thing.
“I am so sorry Jake, we didn’t even invite you in.” mom said her high-class hostess tone.
“All cool.” He said digging his hands in his pocket. Finally we all settled inside the dining hall and I started to narrate my story to mom and dad. Tears dampening my cheeks. Truth is even I don’t know the reason behind my tears. Am I crying because I feel sorry for Emma or am I crying because Becky acted like a bitch? I think the answer is both.  I never expected in my wildest nightmares any of the two things. When I finished my story, mom and dad’s expressions were the same. Both felt bad for Emma and both were angry at Becky.
“Honey we are so sorry for Emma and what ever happened today.” Dad said.
“Don’t worry love, everything will be fine, just give it some time.” Mom explained me, staying positive.
“Henry, Kathy. I assure you that I will always be with Ashley and I am really really sorry for what Becky did.” Jake said.
“Thank you Jake. You are really sweet. You please don’t feel sorry; it was none of your fault. Instead, we are sorry for your surprise birthday party.” Mom said apologetically.
“Oh, no worries at all, I don’t like parties at all. I hate them. So it is like a blessing in disguise.” He replied breezily. I will never find someone like him in this entire world. So selfless, so caring. He is a gem of a guy. He is the best. I can’t stop thinking about him. I just pray that whatever happens, he always stays beside me. He gives me power to take a stand for myself. He makes me believe in myself. He brings the best out of me.
“And Ashley, just to be clear, I hold no grudges against you. None at all.” His voice brought me back to the dining table.
“Thank you Jake For everything you have done for me, it means a lot. I am glad everything is cool between us.” I said a lot relieved even though I knew it that he is okay with me.
“Yes Jake you have been really helpful to us, there is no way to thank you. We’ll always remember your favor son.” Mom said.
“Please don’t embarrass me. It was my duty, and I love doing it.” he winked at me and I a broad smile flickered on my face. Mom and dad looked at each other, not understanding his statement. Dad raised his eyes and mom shrugged.
“What about Emma?” I asked, coming back to reality. “She is going through a really bad time and I really want to help her out.”
“Honey, whatever you decide, we are with you. We will help you in every way possible. Emmet will be alright soon. I am sure.” Mom said, squeezing my hand a bit from across the table.
“Me too. I am ready to do anything for Emma and Emmet.” Jake chimed in too.
“Darling, we are really proud of you.” Dad said.
“Thanks dad. Well, I have thought of something.”
                                                    CHAPTER 15
I took a deep breath and started telling mom, dad and Jake about my idea, “I want to give all my salary to her, so she could have a little more money to help her brother. I know that will not suffice, but it’ll atleast help.” After finishing I looked around for acceptance from everyone but I was greeted by blank and expressionless faces just like Kristen Stewart. Suddenly all three of them had the biggest, broadest and the brightest smile spread across their faces. It was so relieving.
“We are so happy Ash, you have really grown up. We are so proud of you, love.” Mom said, tears welling in her eyes.
Wait a minute, was that a comment or compliment. But either ways, I am glad that they are supporting me and are happy because of me.
“Honey you can ask for any help from us too. We’ll be happy to help.” Dad said.
“Dad I want to help on my own but I know I can always count on you, right?”
“Of course darling!” he replied.
“Also I was thinking that maybe I could visit her brother once in a few days and help her in any way I could.”
“Of course dear, you can visit her anytime you want.” Mom assured.
“And I would love to drive you there anytime you want.” Jake said, excitedly. “It’s just wonderful whatever you are doing for Emma. You are truly a great friend. I too am really proud of you. Anytime you could come up to me for any help you want. I will always be there.”
“I know you will be.” I whispered. My eyes burning into his. We stared at each other for a minute and the charm was gone when my dad pretended to cough. Dad will be dad.  I don’t understand how can he possibly walk me to the aisle, he’ll breakdown halfway.
“Thank you all so much for your support. It really means a lot to me.” I said, overwhelmed.

The next day I went to the restaurant full of zeal and enthusiasm. Jake was beside me, he wanted to meet Emma. He has such a good soul. I doubt he is Becky’s brother. Both of them are just opposites and just for record Beck didn’t apologized to me. This time, I am not going to give in. I won’t be the one to say sorry. It was her fault; she was so rude and harsh. I really had a shitty day and she could not have made it more worse. She was shouting and Jake came to know. Okay, it was my fault too but I did said sorry and was polite the whole time even though she went crazy. I took a deep breath and told myself to stop thinking about her. We entered the kitchen and Emma was already there, before time as always.
“Hey Em!” I greeted her excitedly and wrapped my arms around her.
“Hey Ash!” she replied, freeing herself from my strong embrace.
“Hi! I am Jake.” Jake said bringing his hand forward for a hand shake. “Well I am as excited as she is but showing it that way would be really inappropriate.” He winked and both of them laughed. Emma saw Jake‘s hand still in position and hurriedly shook it.
“Sorry!”  She said.
“No problems at all!” he replied. I think it is his favorite sentence.
“Now, if you both have finished your little meeting, then can I speak something please?” I said making quote marks with my fingers.
“Just jealous!” Jake murmured to Emma and I hit him hard on his shoulder. But from inside I am happy that he was able to make Emma smile and laugh.
“So as I was saying, Emma, you and I have become really close in the past few weeks. You are my best friend now. I knew no one when I started working here, you helped me settle here and you made me feel so comfortable. Now it is my turn to help you. I felt really bad for your brother and I want to help you out. I have decided that from now on, all the money I earn will be yours. All of it.” I finished, feeling so lightened. It really feels good to help others.
“No please, I cannot accept it, it is your money. Besides I will feel really guilty taking money from you.” She said. Suddenly her expressions changed. She is a girl with lot of self-respect and I’m not trying to make her look inferior, I just wanna help, that’s it.
“You are right it is my money, and I am allowed to do whatever I want with it and I want to give it to you.” I replied, confidently.
“But…. I….” Emma was completely tongue- tied at that moment.
“Come on Emma, she really wants to help and not out of pity she genuinely means it. So you don’t have to feel guilty at all. Friends always help each other. Don’t they?” Jake said taking my side.
“You are right Jake but….” She started but I cut her in between.
“No Buts you are taking the money and that to with full right, I am not doing any favor to you, you will pay me back by being my best friend forever and by always being there for me when I need you.” I joked, to lighten up the atmosphere.
“Ash, thank you so much, you are truly the best friend in the whole wide universe. I love you.” She said and hugged me tightly. I am so happy everything is working out except Becky. Just thinking about the last night, I feel thick in my throat and angry as well.
“I think we should get back to work before Justin kills us.” Jake reminded us of that beast.
“Yes. But before that, Emma we also wanted to say that we would like to visit your brother every now and then and help you take care of him.” I said.  She didn’t say anything but smiled and happy tears ran down her cheeks. I know she is really happy and she deserves it. Emma is the most strong and independent girl I have ever met. She has all her focus on her brother’s health. That is so sweet. I am sure Emmet must be really proud of her and her parents too, wherever they are. I am so happy I met Emma and got to know her. She is a brilliant person and very caring. I really love her.
“Well gals I gotta go, duty calls.” Jake said and waved us goodbye to join his band.
“Bye Jake and thank you so much.” Emma said.
“You are more than welcome!” he said politely and left, hands in pocket as usual. We both wore our aprons and took our little notebooks and went outside. There are only a couple of customers today, the place is almost deserted. Well finally we’ll get some rest. Those customers are already being served so Emma and I are just standing. I am staring at Jake and Emma is staring at me and smiling foolishly.
“What?” I asked.
“You both really look great together; I do not understand why haven’t you asked him out yet?”
“I don’t know I just like it this way you know. The way he cares for me, the way he smiles at me, winks at me. I like every bit of it. I don’t feel alone in his presence even though we are standing so far.”
“Now, that is cute. I think you are right. Hurrying always results in trouble. Just one advice the relation you have now, is very special don’t ever ruin it. Think of taking it up a notch. Not do something and finish such a beautiful thing.”
“You are absolutely right. That is why I need you, so that I don’t end up doing something really stupid. Thanks Em.”
“Anytime, sweetheart.”

After some time groups of friends started flooding the place and Emma and I had to get back to our jobs. Today I was not flashing a fake smile to the customers, I was genuinely happy and the smile came from within. Maybe that is called joy of giving. I really like its feel. I don’t know how I will feel when I meet Emmet. I am just so excited. But somewhere at the back of my mind I know I have lost Becky. This cannot be happening; we were inseparable and know it is like I don’t even know her. She has turned into a whole new person, whom I don’t like. She is mean, rude and insensitive. I think it is time to let go of her. In the journey of life we make new friends and eventually have to get over our old friends. But it is too hard, keeping in mind that she is Jake’s sister too besides being my soulsister. But why am I worrying when she is not even bothered to call and say sorry or try to patch up. Yesterday’s sadness has turned into anger. Okay, Ash now forget about her and concentrate on the good part that is happening in your life. My thoughts were interrupted by a customer.
“Excuse me miss!” said a man in a heavy voice. The man was wearing a brown suit and was looking absolutely perfect. Not a sigh of lint on his suit. He had little stubble which made him look really gorgeous. Focus Ash, he is the age of your father.
“How may I help you sir?” I replied in an impressive waitress tone. I don’t know somehow I think I know him.
“A bottle of white wine please.” He replied.
“Sure sir. Anything else sir?”
“That’ll be all. Thank you!” he said and looked at his watch. Maybe he is waiting for someone anxiously. I went to the bar and placed the order to Rick, he is responsible for alcoholics. He handed me a very expensive looking bottle of white wine. Oh My God! I am scared even to touch it. It seemed so delicate and expensive. How the hell will I carry this all the way to the man’s table?  Although I really liked the bottle, maybe I would try it. Somehow I took the tray from Rick and steadied my hand. I walk slowly towards the table and as I near it, I am frozen to my spot. I can’t walk. What the hell?!? I slowly face Jake and he is also staring at the table and not in a good way.
                                                   CHAPTER 16
Ion is sitting at the table with the man, who has ordered this wine. No other waitress is free at this time and I cannot hand over the tray to someone else and run inside the kitchen. Also Justin is standing right in front of me. Justin watched me; all chickened out and raised his eyebrows, meaning, “What the hell are you doing? Go give them the damn wine and earn some damn money!” Maybe I should move. He won’t even recognize me. Of course, why would he be remembering me? I glance at Jake once more and he nodded to assure me that everything is okay and he is there for me. I took a deep breath and went to their table.
“Your wine sir! It is the finest white wine you will ever find.” I said and placed the wine and glasses on the table. I filled the glasses, looking down and acting aloof. I kept the half wine on the table and rushed towards the kitchen.
“Oh my God, Ashley, is that you?!?” Ion’s voice boomed loudly in my ears.
Shit!!
Somebody please shoot me right now. Awkward. Awkward. Awkward.  I slowly turned around and there he was, Ion, standing right in front of me. The man sitting beside him stared at us totally unaware. This is horrible. What could be more fun than Justin, Jake, Emma and all others staring at me. He could surely have shouted more loudly.
“You work here?” he asked making a disgusted face expression.
“Yes I work here and I love it here.” I replied confidently.
“Ah…. Dad, this is Ashley, my…..ex.” he introduced me.
Dad! D-A-D. of course he is his dad. Here is a girl standing right in front of him, serving him wine who threw the wine on his son’s face and on his expensive tux which probably he paid for.
“Hello Sir!” I greeted him.
“Hi there.” He replied in his same heavy voice which, a second ago, was just a customer’s voice and now it’s my EX’S FATHER’S voice.
“How’s life? Did you found anyone?” he gave me a smirk.
“Life is great and I am still single.” I replied casually.
“Dad do you mind?” he asked.
“No not at all. I am a free man who has absolutely no work to do.” He snapped.
“Thank you dad!” he said, totally unaware of how he meant it. Seriously, was I drunk the whole relationship?
“Maybe we should talk alone.” He suggested. I dare not look at Jake but I do and his jaw has already tightened and his grip on the mic too. It is so embarrassing. Ion is so silly. I look at Emma who is mouthing ‘no’ to me.
“I am sorry Ion. I am working right now and I just cannot abandon my work and talk.” I said. It, by the way, took a lot of courage out of me.
“Come on Ash, just for a few minutes. I’ll give you a big tip and order the most expensive dish on your menu. So I guess it evens it out.”
He is such a loser and a big jerk. He thinks he can buy me. And why he wants to talk to me? He broke up with me. He has got real guts. I hate him.
“Of course sir. You may talk to Ashley for as long as you wish.” Justin said. He is a mean, mean guy. So selfish. Bloody freak. Screw him.
“Shall we?” Ion asked and I nodded. I didn’t have any other option. We sat in a silent corner of the restaurant and he started the conversation, which I didn’t want to have. I have seen Jake a few times and he looked really angry. Damn it. My life can never go straight. Some or the other problem always come my way.
“Ashley I am so sorry for what I did.” He said, not seeing me in my eye.
“It is okay, I got over it…….like ages ago.”
“No, you don’t understand, I have realized my mistake.”
“Ion please it is too late now, I don’t want anything from you.” I sensed where he was leading to.
“But, what we had was great. Our connection, the…. the way we just clicked.” He said coming very near to me that our noses were a centimeter apart from touching.
“It WAS great.” I focused on that ‘was’, “but I am not the kind of person that dwells on the past. And you, you are saying this, who bailed on us, who got involved with another woman. I’ll save you time and you save your crap for someone else, it’s not gonna work on me.”
“Come on Ashley you know you can’t do any better than me. You live with your parents although you are 25. You work as a waitress, I mean a waitress. So please give us another chance.”
“You are a bloody jerk. How dare you comment on me? Do you force women to date you, look at your standards? You are a rich spoil brat and I hate you. What do you think of yourself? Keep low, you don’t own the world. Your life is just big black hole and all you want women for is to fill that hole. I am sorry Ion you are way out of my league. What a jackass.” I shouted at him with narrow eyes. Oh God I feel so light. I turned around and went. Well, that was good, I am proud of myself. I have knocked out that person twice. Way to go Ashley! I am so happy. I am dying to tell it to Jake. I glanced at the stage and he was still singing. He doesn’t look happy. I want to rush to him right away and tell him the truth. From another point of view, I like it when guys get jealous. It is kinda cute. I haven’t seen Jake like this before. He was still wearing a frown. His eyes were narrowed and not a single sign of smile on his face. Singing is his passion and he enjoys it so much and now it is looking as someone is forcing him to sing. He is looking so livid yet so alluring. I have fallen head over heels over this guy.
I headed towards the kitchen and saw Emma waiting for me. She had both her hands on her waist, waiting for me anxiously.
“Why did you have to talk to that guy?” she asked straight away.
“I didn’t have a choice. Justin agreed with him, I didn’t.
“You should have seen the look on Jake’s face. He was fuming, his veins were popping out.”
“I know, but nothing happened. Last time I threw wine on him and this time my words were enough.”I flaunted and Emma laughed. “Don’t you laugh at me?” I said, crossly.
“Sorry, sorry. But, you threw wine on him?”
“Ya! It was Jake’s idea.” I blushed.
“Ahan Ahan. So, he has been protective of you for so long!” she teased.
“I am special, you see.” I joked. “Okay, now I should go back to work or the ‘Justin Cloud’ will burst on me.” I waved Emma goodbye and rushed to the restaurant. As I entered the restaurant, my eyes automatically drifted towards the stage. Jake was still playing and his jaw was firm and worried lines on his forehead. He must be thinking about me and Ion. I’ll clear all out with him as soon as I get a chance.
“Good job, Ashley!” Justin came and stood in front of me.
Wait a minute. Is he praising me?!?
“Thank you Justin, but why?”
“Well the guy, who wanted to talk to you, gave us a pretty good business.”
Typical Justin. So selfish.
“That is okay.” I faked a smile.
“Keep it up!” He nodded and went away.


                                                 CHAPTER 17
It is Jake’s and my break, finally. I got to the band and looked for Jake, but he was missing. I asked Colin, the drummer, where was Jake but he had no clue. Strange he never vanishes like that. Where he could be? I asked myself and the answer was clear. Of course.

“What are you doing here, all by yourself, without me?” I asked Jake entering the small balcony where we usually meet.
“I thought you were busy.” He snapped, without even looking at me but then slowly turned around.  A small smile came across my face.
“Who are you smiling at?” he asked, confused.
“At you Mr. Jake Brandon.”
“Why, if I may ask?”
“Because you look so cute when you are jealous.”
“Jealous?!? Please I am not at all jealous.” He said, turning his back to me again.
“I can see that.” I hid my smile. “By the way, I just stopped by to tell you that this time I screwed that bastard without yours and wine’s help.” I said in a very serious tone.
“Really?!?” his face lit up, his firm jaw loosened and a smile crept on his face.
“Yes! He is a maniac and I hate him. Now, I really don’t understand what the hell I saw him.”
“I am glad to hear that from you.” He gleamed with happiness. I raised my eyebrows and looked at him questioningly. “I mean he really is a stud type of a person.” He said, playing safe, and I nodded.
“I was thinking that maybe we could go to Emma’s house today. You know, refresh her brother.” I suggested.
“Of course, that is a great idea! We could even drop Emma off or she would have to go by bus. And while coming back we could grab a quick cup of coffee……maybe.”
Ahan, so now the true intensions came out. But, I like them. The corners of my lips started to twitch. “That’ll be great.” I replied. “But, won’t we get late?”
“No worries, I will drop you off at your house safe and sound but, of course, if you are uncomfortable you can always be frank about it.”
“Thank you so much for giving me the space. I’ll tell you in some time, but if not today we will surely go out in the near future and have that coffee we have longing to have.”
“Surely!” he replied.

Oh God, Oh God! He completely asked me out. What to do? The decision is all mine coz’ mom never has any problems me coming late (with notice, of course.). I surely wanna go, so today I guess is a day we finally get our coffee.
“Emma, you ready to go?” Jake and I met her after our shifts were over.
“Where?” she sounded so stunned I really wanted to laugh.
“To your house silly.” I replied.
“We thought of giving you a ride home.” Jake winked.
“And we’ll get to meet your brother. So we are not listening anything, just get in the car.” I sounded like a kidnapper. Emma smiled and got in the back seat. I sat on the passengers’ seat and Jake took the drivers’ seat.

Boy, Emma’s house is really far. She lives on the outskirts of the city. We’ve been sitting in the car for almost an hour now and still it is ten minutes away. It is already 7:45 and we haven’t reached yet.
“Emma, how do you manage going and coming from so far everyday?” I asked gobsmacked.
“It is like a routine now, hardly bothers me know.” She replied all cool and breezy. I can never understand how she can be so calm and composed everytime. She is a really unique girl I have not met someone as dynamic as Emma. She can be such a dude and yet so sensitive. She can laugh like nothin’ in the world is worth getting serious and then cry like a baby for her brother.
“Finally, here we are.” Jake announced, bringing me back to the present. He pulled up in front of Emma’s house and finally our journey came to an end and I am so relieved. We all got down the car and Emma welcomed us in her house. The house was small yet very cozy. All the furniture had an antiquey look to it. The walls were covered with photo frames of her family. There were two rooms, a kitchen and a separate room for sitting. Walls were painted cream and purple. The house was really lovely.
“I am home!” Emma loudly announced her arrival. There was no reply from her brother. Jake and I looked at each other and he shrugged. Emma led the way towards her brother’s room. She opened the door and we were greeted with flabbergasted expressions. The room was filled with medical equipments. A drip was attached to the back of his hand.
“Emmet, these are my friends Ashley and Jake.” She introduced us.
“Hello!” we both said in unison.
“Hi there.” He greeted back in his feeble almost non-audible voice. His face was pale and he looked so tired. I feel a pang of pain in my chest.
“You know Ashley, right?” Emma asked, sitting beside her brother.
“Yes, I know Ashley. Thank you Ashley for whatever you are doing for us. I am really greatful to you and …….” He stopped, not knowing Jake’s name.
“I am Jake!” he said and held his hand out, Emmet quickly took it and they both shook hands.
“Thank you so much Jake. It is very nice to meet you both.” Emmet said.
“Pleasure’s all ours.” I said on Jake’s behalf too. There was an internal pleasure that took upon me. I was so happy to help him and to be with him, sharing his pain. Jake has been a great support too. Finally, my life is getting a meaning. My life has a purpose and it’s not just to spend money. Now I understand the meaning of the phrase, ‘joy of giving’ actually I have experienced it. I cannot remove the smile from my face. My hands are shivering with happiness. It has never happened to me before. I didn’t realize but I was staring at Emmet and was unintentionally making him uncomfortable. I turned my gaze to Jake and slapped myself on the head lightly. He looked at me with raised eyebrows. I smiled at him and felt hot in my cheeks.
“You guys please have a seat. I will just get some beers and snacks.”
“Only beer would do. Please don’t do any formalities.” I said, sitting on the bed.
“And we work at a restaurant and by the end of the day food really freaks me out!” Jake cracked up to lighten up the environment and must say it worked, all of us started laughing.
“Jake is absolutely right, just four beers that is all.” I said between my shrieks.
“Three. I am not allowed to drink.” Emmet said sadly.
Of course he doesn’t drink. Stupid me.
“Actually what I was thinking was that maybe we could too give up the beer idea. I am not really thirsty. What do you say Ash?” Jake said, covering up my mistake.
“Absolutely, we just came to spend time with you both. So Em, just sit down and relax. We don’t want anything and even if we do, we know the way to the kitchen.” I replied and mouthed ‘thank you’ to Jake. He did a little bow and I tried hard to control my laughter.
“Jake and Ashley I want to say that thank you so much for coming here and meeting me. I really appreciate it. Not only this, you are always there with my sister. I don’t need to worry for her now. What all she is doing, she deserves a friend like you.” Emmet’s face radiating, he seemed genuinely happy.
“Emma is a great friend, I find myself lucky to have found a friend in her. So please don’t be thankful for that. She is really brave and so are you. We both are so glad that you both allowed us in your lives. You both have become so special for us that I cannot even explain.” I got a bit carried away, I guess. With my speech a thousand memories of Becky came flashing back. I could feel tears forming in my eyes. I didn’t want to cry here. Please don’t cry, but it was too hard. Becky was a part of me and now I have lost a part of myself. I miss her although I don’t want to accept this fact but that is the truth. Slowly I felt someone’s fingers interlocking with mine. Jake, he sensed my pain. His touch made me feel better and I relaxed a bit. He held my hand tighter and that comforted me more. A smile spread across my lips and I felt a lot better. Emma saw us holding hands and started coughing, that brought Emmet’s attention to it to. Oh God, I will kill her. This is so embarrassing and yet we were holding hands, he didn’t let go and neither did I.
“So Emmet tell us about your hobbies.” Jake asked to divert everybody’s attention. He is great.
“Hobbies?!?  I guess to lay in bed and watch my sister struggling.” He said in a very hurt and sad voice.
“Oh man! Your sister is way to cool to handle emotional situations like this and I bet you are too.” He winked and all of us started to laugh.
“Man, you are good.” Emmet said and coughed
“Relax! You want some water?” I asked hurriedly, getting concerned.
“I am okay. Coughs are really normal now.” He said, smiling a bit.
“You know what, let us play a game!” Jake suggested.
“What game?” I asked. His mind and mouth never rest.
“You know liar’s poker. It is really fun.” He showed thumbs up.
“That is a really great idea. I’ll just bring the cards.” Emma rushed to bring the cards.
“I hope that’ll be okay, Emmet?” I asked Emmet, I didn’t want him to get exerted.
“Ya, of course. It’ll be a good change for me.” He replied. Jake and I are making a difference in someone’s life and that’s what matters. A smile crept over my lips and it won’t just go and I don’t want it to. I love the felling I am feeling right now. It is so pure, so true. Nothing matches this, being someone’s reason to smile. I had a great day and I am still looking forward to the end.







                                              CHAPTER 18
Okay, now I know why Jake wanted to play liar’s poker. He is so damn good at it. I have not won a single game till now and we are playing from a past hour. Although we are playing with monopoly money, I still hate to lose. That thing can never change about me. Jake and Emmet are the ones who are winning. Emma and I are just growling after game after game.
“That is so unfair. You boys are so mean, can’t you let us win a few times. You both have already won so much.” I blamed them as though it is their fault that they are winning. Truth be told Emma and I suck at it.
“Awwww….. We are sorry, we just thought you guys love losing, since it has been an hour and you have won ……… not even a single game. That is a pathetic record!” Jake snapped and he and Emmet high-fived. How rude is that.
“Ha Ha Ha……. Very funny!” I faced away.
“Okay, okay I am sorry Ashley.” Jake said in his alluring voice, who would not melt?
“Be careful next time.” I said faking a rude tone. I checked my watch and it was 9:20. “Jake I think we should leave, it is getting a late.”
“Ya, you are right, we should be leaving also the way back is really long.”
“I can’t express how happy I am that you both visited. It was great to have you guys here. I feel so lucky to have friends like you. Thank you so much.” Emmet said. His face was not the same as the one we saw when we entered. He looked more vibrant and lively. His eyes were lit up. Even Emma seemed really happy. Her face became radiant and a permanent smile was there on her lips.
“I could guarantee that we both had more fun than you had. It was too good to be here. So we will keep returning here again and again.” Jake replied. He had a fantabulous day too. He doesn’t have a best friend as of now but I am pretty sure he will soon get his best friend. Four of us said our byes and Jake and I drove off.
“I had a great time.” Jake said, driving. “I am so glad we decided to come over here.”
“You’ll have much more fun at our dinner date tonight.” I flirted with him.
“You agreed. Hey, I am okay if you don’t want to come……”
“I want to.” I dived in before he could complete his sentence.
“That is great.”
“I know it is!”
“So, you have any preferences or I should select a good place on my own?”
“Hmmmmm…. I wanna go to some place nice. Something open and refreshing as the weather looks great.” I recommended.
“Of course, madam. I know a great place which is open, nice and serve the best cheesecakes ever.”
“Okay then!” I replied, quite excited about our dinner. We went from coffee to dinner and both of us were okay with it. The more time we spend together the merrier I felt. He is the most gorgeous boy I have ever seen. I wonder why I never thought of Jake like that before. We knew each other from, I don’t know how long but this connection is very new and very comforting. I always try and find my dream guy when all this time he was right in front of my eyes. My dream guy, my Jake.
“What are you thinking?” Jake asked.
About you I want to answer.
“Nothing, just about Emma and Emmet.” I lied.
“Back there, when you got all emotional, was it because of Becky?” he asked, gently. I paused for a moment and took a deep breath.
“Yes but I was not thinking about Becky I was missing her.”
“I can understand. But please, don’t upset yourself because of her. It was her fault and you have already said sorry for like a million times.”
“You are her brother, don’t say like that.” I felt defensive for her.
“What is wrong is wrong, no relation can change that.” he is so practical.
“Maybe you are right.” I gave in.
“I am always right.” He flaunted.
“Let us first see your restaurant choice and then we will decide.” I snapped.
“Okay. I am sure you will love this place.” He said in a low, alluring voice.
“Over confidence is bad Mr. Brandon.”
“It is experience, Miss. Green. Now, I know what you like and dislike.” He winked.
“I am impressed.”
“You will be more impressed once you see the place. It is really gorgeous. My favorite place in the whole world.”
“Atleast tell me the name of the place, I may know it.”
“No, you don’t know the place so I will show you.” He winked at me. I am blushing so much. Everything is going so well. I am so excited. I spending time with Jake, alone, is something I have been wanting for days and finally it is coming true. Last time we spent time was at the Crimson Palace. That date was way too small. Now, we get a proper date, and I am really enjoying every breath I am taking. Note to Self: don’t get over-excited Ash. Whenever you are this happy, something or the other goes wrong. So just relax.
“How much more time will it take?” I asked Jake. I can’t wait any longer although I am enjoying our silent ride too. I know I am going crazy.
“Just a few minutes more!” he replied. “Everything okay?”
“Perfect!” I replied.
“I am so pleased that we will get some time alone to, you know, understand each other better.” Wait a minute, he is blushing and looking so cute. His white cheeks turning beetroot red and a spark in his blue eyes. He is just so adorable.
“Me too, after all this chaos going on in my life, I can really do with a nice dinner at a nice place. Thank you so much Jake.” I said, squeezing his hand which was on the gear.
“My pleasure madam.” He said and I smiled. A big, broad grin. We continued the rest of the journey in silence and, as Jake said, we reached the place in a few minutes.

Jake was absolutely right. This place is nice. I instantly love it. It is called ‘Green Gardens’ and it is phenomenal. The place is open with separate marquee over each table. There are hanging lanterns everywhere and they are looking so romantic. The tables are lit with candles and rose petals are scattered around it.  We selected a table in a corner, so we are on our own. Jake has already placed the order. We both are having lasagna with chilled beer.
“Nice choice. This place is amazing.” I didn’t even try to hide my enthusiasm.
“Thank you very much. You know, I always choose the best.” He said with chivalry.
“Ahhhh! I see.”
“Tell me about yourself Ashley, I barely know you.”
“Don’t lie. You know me better than anyone else. Half of my childhood and teenage was spent at your house.” I joked.
“Come on, seriously.”
“Okay!” I started to tell my tale. “My name is Ashley Green and people usually misspell it by GREENE. I get close to people very quickly. I am a bit spoilt, perks of being rich.” I winked at him, as he belongs to the same social status and then I continued. “I love when people praise me. I love compliments. I still live with my parents and I am not ashamed of it. My favorite color is red, the color of love. I can have many tubs of ice-creams in a single day. I am crazy about them. My favorite drink is strawberry wine; I really like its color. I adore dressing up in fancy dresses and jewels.” I paused for a breath and continued, “I am the best advisor anyone can get. My best friend is Emma….”
“Only Emma?” he cut me in between. He was looking quite angry at my statement.
“Who else?” I counter-asked him.
“What about me?” he asked furiously.
“You are not my best friend.” I pulled his leg. His expressions changed and I controlled my smile. He turned away and at the same time our order came. “You are my someone special!” I finally said. My eyes sparkling and my face changed multiple colors. He didn’t reply me but gave me his best smile, the cutest one. Then, we both began to eat our food.
“Your turn.”  I said, gulping a forkful of lasagna.
“For what?” he asked, too engrossed in eating.
“For leaking your personal details.” I replied.
“Okay. Well, my name is Jake Brandon. I love to sing and I think I am pretty good at it. I am witty and funny and love to spread smiles and laughter. I love rains, I love getting wet. I love red wine and sometimes I drink white wine too. I love sitting here with a beautiful woman like you.” He stopped and I blushed. Blushing is such a common phenomenon now-a-days.
“That’s it?” I asked him.
“And ya, I like Black color. Left out that piece of information.”
“Quite an important one.” I said, sarcastically. “The weather is great, I hope it rains.”
“So you like rains too?”
“They are fun. I love its sound and the fragrance that accomplishes it. I like splashing water on others and playing in puddles.” I closed my eyes and prayed for rain to fall.
“You copy cat.” Jake said.
“Cats are cute, so I take it as a compliment.”
“Take it as you want!”
We finished our food and drank our beers. I was really full. The lasagna was delicious. I loved it; well I loved everything about today. It was perfect.
“Do you want cheesecake?” Jake asked me.
“Don’t tell me you are going to have a cheesecake after such a heavy meal.”
“Of course I am going to have cheesecake. Coming here and not having one is not possible.” He said, “Excuse me.” He called a waitress.
“How may I help you?” she asked. This is so weird, somebody else asking me if a want to have anything.
“Can I have a raspberry cheesecake please?” He placed his order. The waitress scribbled something, smiled, nodded and left.
“You are such a food lover.” I commented.
“Oh yes, I forgot to tell you that.” He joked and I laughed.  We chatted till his cheesecake came and he started to pig out.
“Do you want something?” he asked. His mouth filled with cheesecake.
“No nothing I am really full.” I replied. Rubbing my belly.
“This is so good. You gotta take a bite. It is yummy.” He said.
“Bring it here.” I picked up my folk. Let me taste this cake for which Jake is crazy.
“Here.” He slid the plate towards me and I took a forkful of cake and put it in my mouth.
Oh my god! It is amazing. It feels like silk on my tongue and has an awesome taste.
“It is so scrumptious. I love it.” I told Jake.
“See, I told you.” He replied.
“I love your choice.” I said, taking another bite from his plate.
“My choice is the best.” He raised the collars of his shirt. He can never keep his feet on ground.
“I want it too!” I cribbed like a five year old girl crying for a baby doll.
“Of course. I told you the cheesecake here are not to be missed. They are the best.”
“Agreed Mr. Jake. Now I would eat whatever you say.” I replied and he laughed.
“Excuse me, can we get another raspberry cheesecake, please.” Jake requested. The same waitress was there.
“I am so sorry sir, we are all out of cheesecakes. But, I can get you any other dish you want…” the waitress said.
“No, thank you.” I said my voice much shriller than I intended it to be. The waitress bowed and left.
“My luck is great!” I threw my hands in air.
“It is okay, you can have mine.” Jake offered.
“Oh no, you have them, you like them more.”
“Okay, let’s share.” He picked a knife and cut the cake into two halves. “Here, you have this one and I will have this.” He said, pointing to two pieces of cake that lay in front of us.
“Thank you very much!” I said, taking my share of the cheesecake.

                                            CHAPTER 19
“It had been a great day!” I said, as we stood in front of my house.
“It was wonderful. I had an awesome time.” He agreed with me, stopping in front of my house. I didn’t want to go. It feels so good, so right.
“Well, I guess it’s time for goodbye.” I finally said.
“I’ll be looking forward to our next meeting and I hope it rains then.” He said and crossed his fingers and winked at me. We were standing so near to each other that I could feel his breath on my face. I just wanted that moment to freeze there forever. I could look into those blue eyes, my entire life. I have fallen really hard for him and this time I guess I would not be able to get up.
“Bye then!” he said. Somehow I felt that he didn’t want to leave other.
“Bye.” I said rather murmured. I waved Jake goodbye. He stood there, until I was safely inside my house. As I closed the door behind me I heard the sound of tires zooming off.
“Hey mom and dad!” I said, removing my coat.
“Hello darling! I guess you had a great time. It’s nearly 11:00.” My very possessive dad welcomed me inside the house.
“Yes dad, it was really fun. We had a blast at Emma and Emmet’s house. We really enjoyed it.” I replied, ignoring my father’s tone.
“We are so proud honey, you trying your best to make someone’s life better.” Mom said, coming out of the bedroom, tears in her eyes.
“Mom, I am glad that I could make you feel proud of myself.” I said, getting emotional myself.
“You girls can cry anytime, anywhere without any reason at all.” Dad made fun of our emotions. How rude is that.
“Dad, come on!” I said, feeling hurt.
“Okay I am really sorry, I was just kidding.”
“Forgiven this time.” Mom snapped at dad.
“Ashley I think you should go and have some rest. You look rather tired.” dad suggested, ignoring mom’s harsh tone.
“Actually yes, I am quite tired and I wanna rest. I am going to my room. Bye mom and dad.” I said and went to my room and locked it from inside.
What a great day it had been. Such a new experience for me. Emmet was really a great guy. It was a day I will remember for a long, long time. If someone wants to feel the eternal happiness than he should do something to bring a smile on someone’s face. While playing liar’s poker, I saw cheerfulness on Emmet’s face and I enjoyed it. Emma too was pleased to see her brother this happy. She has been working really hard for her brother and to see him happy meant a lot to her. I was still in my thoughts when I dozed off without even me realizing it.

I woke up in the morning still feeling a bit lazy. I yawned and stretched myself and welcomed the sunshine filled morning. The weather was pleasant, not too cold. It was unusual for Jan to not be cold. I was simply sitting on my bed and staring out of the window, it was really soothing and scintillating. The leaves dancing in the wind, flowers blossoming and birds singing their melodious song. I never notice these small things but now I have realized that these small things occupy the large parts of your heart. I think it is called the love magic, my love for Jake.  I looked at the clock kept on my bed stand and……..
Holy Shit!
I am an hour late. Why the hell didn’t anyone wake me up? I hurriedly threw the duvet on the floor and rushed to the bathroom. I brushed my teeth and took the quickest shower I could possibly take.  I wore the most- not-so-Ashley-type-jeans and an equally horrible top. Did I really buy those clothes? I ask myself checking my reflection in the mirror. But, it is too late to change. I am already running late by an hour. Justin will surely fire me today. He will kill me. I paced down the stairs and saw mom and dad having a relaxed cup of tea with pancakes. They are chit-chatting as though everything is fine. Mom used to shout on top of her lungs, if any day I got up late. It is so unfair, they are so busy together that they forgot me.
“What the hell is wrong with you guys?” I asked, well, I shouted.
“What happened sweetie? I don’t think there is anything wrong with anybody.” Dad tried hard to keep cool.
“Oh Ya? If everything and everyone’s okay then why didn’t you wake me up?” I threw my question at them.
“We thought you would be tired.” Mom said, losing her patience.
“Oh great, I waste another ten minutes and my parents don’t realize their mistake.” I snapped at them.
“Ashley, why would you think that we’ll be cruel enough to wake our daughter at 9:00 in the morning on a Sunday that too after such a hectic last day?” dad asked.
SHIT!!!!
“It’s Sunday?” I asked, guiltily.
“Yes of course it is Sunday and I think your Sunday’s are off.” Mom taunted.
Well I can’t complain it is my fault after all. I shouted at them like a lunatic without a reason. Note to self: never scream at your parents, without knowing which day of the week it is.
“I am really sorry. I didn’t realize it was Sunday today.” I said, feeling like a complete fool. Correction, I am a complete fool.
“It’s okay. I guess you should go back and sleep for a little while.” Mom suggested.
“No, maybe I should stay here and spent some time with you guys. It’s been a long time since we spent some quality time together, the three of us as a family. We haven’t talk about us in ages always the issue is something or the other.” I made up for all my yelling.
“That is not at all a bad idea. It is even better coming from you.” Dad was really pleased. This ‘family talk’ is my trump card, dad always falls for it. I know my parents really well.
“What do you say, mom?” I asked mom, crossing my fingers behind my back. She is tough to break. After a moment of thinking, she smiled and nodded. “We are really lucky to have a daughter like you, Ashley. You are really special to us and we are proud of you.”
“Thank you so much, mom!” I took a sigh of relief. I am not such a bad daughter, after all.

It has been exactly three minutes and none of us have uttered a single word. Mom’s speech was the last. It is so awkward, we three have no clue what to say or how to start a conversation. Every minute is so hard to pass. You can even hear the clock ticking. Come on, we are a family; families always have something to talk about. We were so close to each other and now we talk about the world and not us.
“So, how was the visit to Emmet’s?” dad asked. See, somebody else is always the subject now-a-days. With all this happening in my life, the last thing I would want is to break the connection with my family.
“It was awesome. We played, laughed, talked and spent a really great time with each other. Emmet is a great guy. He is so sweet and humble. I feel really sorry for him.” I replied.
“So you like Emmet and you went with Jake, a fantastic day for you.” Dad’s tone a bit uncomfortable.
“Yes dad every guy I meet is my boyfriend.” I want to say but of course cannot say out loud instead I give him a fake smile.
“Honey how is the restaurant?” mom asked, sensing the awkwardness.
“It is going good. Lot of work to do but it is fun and I enjoy it.” I replied. This family thingy was a bad idea. Thanks to me. It was nothing like this, we had such good family connection. I am sure we are all distracted at this moment and that’s why we are having bit weirdness. We’ll get in our form soon.
“What about Becky?” dad asked. Oh God the question even I am afraid to ask myself. I don’t know what to say. Becky and I have distanced so much that the idea of us ever being soul sisters is so foreign.
“Ummm…… I …I don’t know.” I stammered.
“Then why don’t you find out?” dad asked. Actually he is right. We had an unbreakable friendship which cannot just break because of a stupid surprise birthday party (well not stupid).
“I think you are right, dad.” I said, feeling full of excitement. “I will go and find my answers. Thank you dad!” I planted a kiss on dad’s cheeks and rushed towards the door. “I will be back soon.” I shouted.
I hope I am doing the right thing. I took a deep breath and said no to all negative thoughts. Everything would be just fine and we will return to normal. 20 years from now, she’ll be thanking me for my move. I want my friendship back and I am not an egoist, I could say sorry once again. I can’t wait to talk to Becky and sort thing out with her.




                                          CHAPTER 20
“Hello Rachel.” I greeted Beck’s mom as she opened the door for me. I came running here and I am a little out of breath.
“Hi darling, how have you been?” Rachel asked me feeling concerned and sad.
“I am fine Rachel.” I replied and smiled. I am trying really hard to control my excitement. I just want to run to her room and hug her and sort everything out. “Is Becky home?”
“Yes, she is up in her room. You may go and see her!” she too seemed excited of us patching up.  I went upstairs and as I proceeded, I could hear shouting noises, but I couldn’t make out what were they talking about.  When I finally reached Becky’s room I saw Jake and her fighting. It’s okay, maybe just a friendly brother-sister fight.
“What is the matter with you? Why don’t you understand that she is my good friend.” Boomed Jake’s voice.
“Your good friend, my foot. She ruined your party, how can she be good?” shouted Becky.
Oh my God. They are fighting because of me. I feel terrible. This was not supposed to happen. We should have been laughing not shouting. Tears started to pour out of my eyes and I just couldn’t stop them.
“It was not her mistake that I stepped in at that very moment.” Jake tried to explain.
“Stop taking her side. You are my brother, remember?” she snapped at him.
“I am not taking any side, truth is the truth. You fought with her over a stupid party and you are fighting with me too.”
“It was not a stupid party, and you don’t know anything.” She said furiously and turned around. Her back towards Jake.
“The thing I do understand is that you are being completely unreasonable and illogical. You can’t just blame everything on Ashley. It was your fault too. She had a crappy and a rough day and she needed you, you acted like the worst best friend ever.”
“And like she acted as a very good best friend. She only cared about that Emma girl. She used to spend so much time with her. She completely forgot about me.”
“Ahhh…. This is the true thing. You are jealous and insecure of Emma. How can you behave like this? You don’t even know Emma, what all she is going through. You don’t know anything about Emma and you have been so insensitive.”
“Please Jake stop it, I am not jealous of anyone and I am not insensitive. And you know what, screw that Emma and that bloody Ashley and the bloody you.” Becky screamed at her brother. This is the last straw, I can’t hear anymore. I cannot believe my ears, did Becky speak all those words. They really did hurt me. My tears flooded my face. How could she be so rude and mean and behave like a bitch. I felt so humiliated that I couldn’t stand there anymore, I ran down the stairs and without even seeing Rachel I darted out of their room. I know that is rude but I can’t help it. I was never the person who eavesdrops on others but this was a mistake and I got to learn so much. She actually thinks that Emma was more important to me. But now Emma is more important to me and Becky, well I hate her. I started to walk slowly towards my house and tears never stopped flowing. My enthusiasm, my excitement, my friendship, my trust all went in vain. I was ready to say sorry again after her bitch behavior and she was still against me. She hasn’t realized her mistake till now. Now, enough is enough, I am done with her, just done. She was a chapter of past and now I have turned the page. I wiped my tears and tried to be strong but they don’t stop coming. Passers-by stared at me as though I am an alien who has landed from a far away planet.
I reached my home and without saying a single word I went to my bedroom, the place where Beck and I once used to hang out and have the best moments of our life. We have been together for such a long time and yet she doesn’t know me, doesn’t understand me. She didn’t felt sorry for shouting at me instead she started playing the blame game. Jake was absolutely right in there, I was not the only one at fault. We are not kids anymore but she has been behaving like one. She is cribbing over that party, the party Jake wasn’t even interested in. Suddenly my tears of pain change into tears of agony. I want to go and punch her in the face (although I have done that 3 times in my head). I was angry at her, I was disappointed in her, I hated her, and still I didn’t wanted Jake and Becky to fight because of me. God! It is so confusing and disturbing. What the hell to do? My life has been a rollercoaster ride for so long now, I am really tired. I am tired with this daily drama. One day is so good and the other is the complete disaster. I have so much going on lately and I just want to sit back and relax but that doesn’t seem possible. I cannot stop thinking about Jake and Becky’s fight. All the stuff Becky said stabbed me right in my heart but I cannot be the reason they both fight. Maybe, I should stay away from Jake. I know they both love each other a lot. I have seen their relationship, it is so special. They have this special brother-sister bond that is so pure and cute. I don’t want them to hold any grudges against each other because of me.  The best solution, at this moment, is that I stay away from both of them. I know it is tough but it is right. I have no right to spoil their relationship. WOW, first I lose my best friend and then the man who makes me go weak in my knees. Hell of a weekend. I closed my eyes and tried to shut everyone out but all I could see was images of Jake and Becky and my special moments with them. More tears flow from my eyes draining all my energy with them. I felt that all the burden of the world is on my shoulders. I want to lock myself in this room forever. This is really hard for me. I went to get my friend back but instead I lost my love, my Jake. Jake the most wonderful guy I will ever meet. It’ll be too hard to ignore him and his crystal blue, magical eyes. Just the thought of him makes me weak and makes me weep like a child. Stop Ashley, he is just another guy. I will find hundreds of them better than him or hundreds of them worst than him, but I will never find someone like him. It hurts so bad, it’s not like we are breaking up but still it hurts. I don’t know why, he wasn’t even mine. I am a complete and total mess and I cannot help it. I am helpless and heartbroken.
“Honey, you okay in there?” dad asked from outside the door. I hurriedly wiped my tears and stabled my voice.
“Yes dad!” I replied, well lied and dad knew that, that is why he didn’t asked anymore questions and left. He really understands my silence. I closed my eyes again and took deep breaths. My tears began drying up and I got some composure. Going to Beck’s house was the worst idea I have ever had and I really regret it. I wiped my eyes and cheeks once again and muttered under my breath, “Jesus, please help me!” I  buried my face in my hands and took deep breaths again, I rubbed my hands over my face and stood up to wash my face. I could feel the salt sticking to my face. I went inside the washroom and opened the tap. The water felt cold and nice against my face, it scintillated my mind. I washed my face and wiped it with the towel. My mascara was all smudged and I looked horrendous. I removed my make up too and changed into my comfortable pyjamas. I wish I had taken that sleep I missed, that would have been better than going to Becky’s house and hearing all those horrible things. I never could have imagined in my wildest of dreams that Becky could be so selfish and heartless. I don’t want a person like hers to be in my life, so bye-bye Becky for forever and unfortunately I have to say bye to Jake too. I really don’t want to say goodbye to him.
I went downstairs and saw mom and dad chatting in the dining room. As soon as they saw me, all their attention was directed to me.
“Are you alright honey?” mom asked, worrying for me.
“I’ve been better mom, a lot better.” I am tired of lying so I will now let it be I can’t help my situation.
“What went wrong?”Dad asked.
“Everything dad. Everything went wrong.” I told them the whole story and tears escaped my eyes once again. Everytime I hear those words I hear my heart break, every single time. People say that heart beats the fastest before breaking and that is why I was having that adrenaline rush while standing in front of Becky’s door.
“We are so sorry, honey.” Mom said, squeezing my hand a bit, when I finished my tragic story.
“It is all my fault; I should have never forced you to go to Beck’s house.” Dad said, feeling really guilty.
“Dad, it was not your fault at all. You did the right thing. All my doubts are clear now, that I have no chance to get Becky back.” I replied and I meant it. If I would have never went there than I would have never known the reality of Becky, about of her hypocrite nature. Every dark cloud does have a silver lining.
“Ashley you are very strong. And I am sure you will be able to make it. Everyone has to face tough battles and I am so delighted that you are fighting your battle and not just quitting.” Mom said.
“Thank you so much mom. I can only do it because of you guys and your support.” I replied.
“We’ll always be there for you sweetheart. We love you more than anybody else in this whole world.” Dad said, kissing me on the forehead. I love my parents so much.
“I love you too mom and dad and I will always love you more than anybody.” I replied. This is the best moment of the day and we finally got our family talk. I have realized that talking is not as important as being together is. I really enjoy the company of my parents.
“I think we need a bit of cheering up. So, how about a fresh from the oven lasagna.” Mom suggested.
“Kathy darling that would be just fantastic.” Dad said, kissing her.
“I would love some lasagna.” I smiled. Although I didn’t feel like eating but still I said yes to make mom happy and satisfied that I am fine. Mom got up from her seat and went to the kitchen. It is 11:30 and I am sure mom would be able to make great lasagna till 2:00. So now dad and I were alone in the dining hall.
“Sweetheart, life is not a bed of roses, there always will be thorns. People come and go, that is the rule of life. Sometimes you have to see your loved ones moving on with their lives and you too should carry on with life. People will use you, will be rude to you, some will genuinely love you but they all will help to make you, you. Everything in life happens for a reason, friends leave so new friends could take their place. Never dishearten yourself because you deserve the best. Have believe in yourself and faith in God, then no problem will be big for you. People will leave you, but that doesn’t mean your life will stop. Let go honey.” Dad said.
“Thank you dad. I will always keep your words in my mind.” I hugged him hard. He is a great father and a genius philosopher. I am lucky to have such a dad, he cares for me like no one else can. Mom too understands me so much; I am sometimes fascinated with her sixth sense. She always knows what I want. I love my parents.


“Mom this lasagna is great!” I said, filling my mouth with it. As always mom made the lunch right on time.
“Seriously darling it is great!” dad also loves lasagna especially when mom cooks it.
“Thank you so much.” Mom did an impression of a waitress.
“Thanks to you!” I said. As I ate another forkful of lasagna, I am reminded of the yesterday’s night, the perfect night. The fun moments we had, the laughter we shared, that special bond we had. I miss him so much. Ashley forget about him. Focus. It’s your happy family time don’t ruin it.
“So what was going on between you father and daughter?” mom interrogated like a detective. I wanted to laugh but just couldn’t.
“Just some words of advice for my daughter.” Dad replied.
“Advice? I am intrigued. May I know what your advice was?” Mom asked. I was really enjoying the scene. Thank God for these small moments, I am feeling so relieved and I know mom and dad are doing this to cheer me up.
“We were just talking about some life lessons. The wisdom that every father passes to her daughter, to her princess.” Dad replied, kissing me on the forehead.
“I am really lucky to become the heiress of the words of wisdom and I promise to pass it to my kids.” I said in a very professional voice.
“I will be honored.” Dad faked a British accent and mom and I laughed so hard that our stomachs’ hurt.
“Okay it was not that funny.” Dad said getting embarrassed.
“Seemed funny to me!” mom said under her breath.
“Huh!?!” dad asked.
“Nothing dad, I think we should finish our lunch.” I said and started eating my tasty lasagna.
We finished our lunch and I went back to my room and dad went to his work. As I sit ideally in my room I am once again drawn towards Jake. I have this sinking feeling inside which is so making me fall apart. I don’t think I could love someone more than Jake. He has become my life and how can I forget my life. I lie down on my bed and close my eyes. I fell asleep quickly without any effort.















                                                 CHAPTER 21
I woke up the next morning after my long well very long nap. I got up from the bed and went straight to the washroom to examine myself in the mirror. I look ghastly. My eyes are all puffy and red because of all the crying. I have also developed big dark circles around my eyes. My hair are a total mess. My voice is heavy and my nose keeps on flowing. I haven’t looked this bad in ages. What is wrong with me? I am asking this question again and again even though I know the answer. I am in love with a guy who I cannot get. Today is gonna be a tough day, my first day of ignorance. I have fallen too hard for him that ignoring him seems too darn difficult. I have never felt so miserable in my entire life. It is like the best thing that happened to me has come to an end and I don’t want it to end, I want it to continue till forever. He taught me so much, he gave me so much. He taught me how to laugh. He taught me how to be content with life. He taught me how to smile. He taught me joy of giving and art of living. He also taught me how to love but he didn’t teach me how to stop and now to stop seems an impossible task.  How much hard I try I can’t stop thinking about him, the moments he helped me and those stupid ‘thank yous’ of mine. A tiny smile appears on my lips but it goes away as soon as it came. You know people say bad memories are painful but the truth is it’s the good ones totally screws us. I had the future planned for us. Don’t think of me as a lunatic but, come on, who doesn’t think about the future? My future, as I planned it, was very beautiful. I’d become a manager of a seven star hotel. Jake’s band is a chartbuster and he has shows all around the globe. We both get married at the Plaza and everything is grand and lavish and beautiful. Smiles all around. I look bonny in my pretty white gown with a big flair. We go for honeymoon in Milan and we make have the best times of our lives. After a year we have a baby boy and a sweet little girl two years after that. An elder son so that he can kick anyone’s ass, who makes my little girl cry……….
“Ashley darling it is job time.” Mom’s voce broke my reverie and I was brought back in the present. The present that is pathetic. The present I don’t want. The present that seems too painful.
“I’ll be right there.” I announced and went to take a quick shower. Today yet again I wear a disgusting outfit, I don’t feel good so what’s the point in looking good?
I drag my sloppy self down and join mom and dad for breakfast.
“Mornin’.” I wished mom and dad as I seated myself at the dining table.
“Morning honey!” mom and dad wished me in unison.
“You slept well?” mom asked well I guess it was a sarcastic comment.
“Yes.” I replied with a smile.
“Are you okay, we were worried about you? You slept for so long and your door was bolted too.” Dad said.
“I am sorry I was really tired.” The truth is I am tired now too.
“Perks of being in love.” Dad muttered under her breath but I could still hear it. I pretended as I heard nothing. I didn’t want to reply back because all my energy is drained. If I stand I will fall and never would be able to get up again.
“Hon, why don’t you call in sick?” mom was really worried for me.
“I can’t take a leave after ‘me-doesn’t-work’ fiasco.” I replied.
“But you look terrible. I don’t want you to fall ill.” Mom said, touching my cheeks slightly.
“Your mom is right. I won’t let you work like this.” Dad chimed in. “You don’t worry about Justin, I will talk to him. He will understand.”
“Mom, Dad I am absolutely fine. I know it does seem like I would not be able to work but I am perfect. Besides, going to the restaurant will be a good change for me. I will meet Emma and I will feel better.” I lied and faked a smile.
“If you want to go you can but take care of yourself.” Mom said.
“Yes mom. If I don’t feel fine, I will return back.” I assured her. I hurriedly finished my breakfast and rushed out. I don’t wait for Jake to pick me up instead I took a taxi (luckily I found it near our home only) as dad never trusts me with the car. I just sat inside the taxi when I saw Jake’s car pulling in front of my house.
“Where to, love?” the driver asked me.
“Could you just wait for a while please.” I requested and he nodded. I turned aback and saw Jake waiting for me patiently. He took out his phone and I guess dialed my number. I was right my phone rang but I didn’t pick it up.
“Should we go now honey?” the driver asked, losing his patience.
“Just a minute please.” I said and again started to stare at Jake. Jake stepped forward and rang the bell of my house. Mom opened the door. They both had a conversation which I was unable to hear obviously. But I did saw Jake getting upset and then he returned to his car with a frown. I didn’t know why, but I felt relieved. He zoomed right past us and I ducked down, just in case. After he passed us I got up and took a sigh of relief.
“Now, we can move.” I demanded to the driver and he too let out a sigh of relief. He started his taxi and we zoomed off too. It took me around ten minutes to reach the restaurant as I got down I saw Jake’s car already parked. I drew a deep breath and went inside. The restaurant was completely empty.  Jake was on the stage and saw me as he climbed down to talk to me I hurriedly went inside the kitchen. I saw Emma sitting in a corner and reading, Pride and Prejudice. It is still very famous.
“Hey Em!” I said in a feeble voice.
“Ashley, what is wrong with you?” Emma asked, completely aghast. She stood up and looked at me with worried eyes.
“My life is a mess again.” I narrated the whole incident of yesterday. I have learned how a single day can make your life upside down.
“Ashley, don’t worry. Everything would be just fine.” She said and hugged me tightly.
“I know!” I said, fighting back my tears but still few of them escaped. I wore my apron, took my notebook and set my foot outside the kitchen. Jake hadn’t started playing and he was coming towards me. I wish I could rush back inside but too late.
Oh My God! He is nearing me.
“Ashley can I see you for a sec?” Like a guardian angel Justin’s voice came. For the first and the last time in my life I am saying that I love Justin. Perfect timing. Saved me from a very awkward talk. I quickly rushed towards him
“Sure!” I said, over-excitedly. “What’s the matter?”
“Ashley, there is a reservation of our conference hall today at 2:30 p.m. these are our very important clients and we, sure, don’t want to upset them. So I want you to take care of everything. The hall should look immaculate.” He said.
“Me? I mean why me?” I asked gobsmacked.
“Because you have been doing a great job, lately.”
“Well thank you! But I think it is a huge responsibility……”
“I’ll give you a $100 bonus.” He cut me in.
“And I will be happy to do it.” I said. My mouth watered after hearing the bonus price.
“Very well! I guess you should start your duty and you can have one or two helping members with you.” He said. “All the best!” he gave me a smile and went. I returned to the kitchen and saw Emma still reading.
“Emma listen, you have to help me to set up the conference hall.” I shot right away.
“Why if I may ask?”
“Some big company is coming to hold a meeting and we need to prepare the hall. So hurry up!”
“Okay. Sounds like we’ll get an hour or so to ourselves. Sounds nice.” She said and leaped to her feet.
“Come on. Everything has to be prim and proper. Nothing should ne chaotic or else we are in a big trouble missy.” I said and she nodded. We went outside the kitchen and saw Jake singing though his gaze was on me.
“Why are you punishing yourself and Jake?” Emma asked, noticing the disturbed expressions of Jake.
“I am doing this for his own good. He loves Becky more than he loves me.”
“Have you asked him?” she cross-questioned me.
“Come on they are brother and sister.” I answered. I realized we were walking really slowly but I didn’t mind.
“Look at him, he is so distraught. He keeps staring at you. Can’t you see the frown on his face, even his song is not as cheerful as it used to be. He loves you and can’t bear the distance.”
“I know that. That is why I have decided to stay away. I can’t separate Becky and Jake. Come on I will feel guilty my entire life.” I tried to explain my point to her. She didn’t reply and we reached the conference hall.
Oh My God! This conference hall is grand. I have never seen it before and it is huge and equally ill-maintained. We rarely have conferences so it looks so untidy. This is why Justin was offering such a big bonus.
“You better be kidding me. Where to start from? It is too big and every corner is dirty.” Emma said.
“It’s not that bad. We just have to arrange the tables and chairs. Add some fresh flowers and spray some air fresheners and our job would be done, I guess.” I said, motivating her and myself too.
“And that is all so very easy to do in so little time.” Emma snapped.
Typical Emma.
“Come on, be a support.” I said.
“Okay. Only for you!” she said. And I’m doing it for her. That extra $100 will be for Emma only.













                                                       CHAPTER 22
We started off our work with cleaning the tables and chairs; they were quite in a rough shape. We spick-and-spaned the chairs and dusted the table.
“Ashley, why the hell did you say yes to this?” Emma asked, exhausted.
“Well because he is paying me $100 for this.” I told her the truth.
“It is not much, we could do it!” Emma said and we both laughed. We began to re-do the conference hall with full zeal. It took a lot of patience to tidy up the hall as it was too huge.
After two hours of vigorous hard work we were finally able to make the hall a crackerjack. It looks very nice. Emma and I were so proud of ourselves. The table tops were shining and the chairs were looking as though new.  We placed fresh lilies in the vase and sprayed a refreshing room freshener in the hall. It looked amazing.
“Well, well we did it and it is looking quite good.” Emma said.
“Of course after all we’ve worked on it.” I said and winked. “I think we should call Justin, just to be sure.” Emma nodded and we both went out in search of Justin. We found him near a table talking to one of the customers. Sucking him up.
“I wish he talked to us in the same manner.” I muttered to Emma.
“The earth would shatter that day. Justin and polite are just opposites.” Emma said and we both giggled. I stole a glance at Jake and he was already staring. I hurriedly looked away, avoiding any eye contact.
“Let’s go!” I said and we went near Justin.
“Jake can we speak to you for a moment please? Sorry for the disturbance.” I said, politely.
“Sure! Excuse me gentlemen. I will catch up with you later. Enjoy your meal.” He said, smiling at the two well-dressed men who were having lunch. They nodded as though to give permission to Justin to leave.
“What’s up?” he asked.
“We’ve cleaned up the conference hall. Everything is done. Would you mind take a look?” I asked. He nodded and we once again headed back to the conference hall. Jake constantly gazing at me. I know it is hard for him as well, he was taking my side and then also I am punishing him but I can’t help it. Me staying away is the only option. I want him to make peace with his sister and be happy. We reached the conference hall and went inside.
“Is it fine Justin?” I asked nervously as Justin is a very minute observer. He always finds mistakes.
“Absolutely. The place looks really good. I must say, you have done an incredible job.” Justin complimented us but I am still waiting for an error to pop up.
“But you know, I think the projector screen is not looking right, there is something wrong. I think you should move it to the left a bit.” Justin said, making gestures with his hand. There we go, see I know Justin so well know. I looked at Emma and we both went to adjust the screen. We moved it a little left and turned to Justin for approval.
“Nah! Move it a bit more.” Justin is never pleased. We followed his command and moved the projector a bit more.
“Not too much!” he shouted and we moved it back. I could see Emma was losing her temper even me too. Justin is such a sick person.
“Now it seems fine.” He replied and I took a sigh of relief.
“Good job guys. Keep it up.” He said and went.
“Well easy $100 made.” I said.
“Well not easy!” Emma snapped.
“Ya, well I meant……”
“I know what you meant. Come on let’s go.” She cut me in between and dragged me out.

“Here, take it.”  I said to Emma, handing her the $100 bill. We are standing in the balcony as Justin gave us a break.
“Come on, you worked hard too, let us divide it into half.” She protested.
“Emma just take it and say thank you.” I replied.
“Thank you, you are the best.” She said and took the money. I heard someone coming in so I looked behind. Jake.
“I am gonna leave.” Emma said and tried to walk out but I grabbed her arm. Jake didn’t say anything.
“I have to call my brother and check on him, Ashley. I really need to go.” She said and freed herself from my grasp.
“Thank you Emma, you are great.” Jake said and waved Emma goodbye. I turned around, my back towards Jake.
“So you think, by coming here with Emma or ignoring me, you could delay this conversation.” He said in a really stern voice. I haven’t heard him so serious before. I am frozen to my spot. I don’t know what to say. Okay Ash, relax, don’t panic. I would just act aloof and get away with it. God, please help me.
“You don’t even want to talk to me now? You think mom didn’t tell us about your visit?” he asked folding his arms.
Now I have to say something.
“Please go Jake.” I said in a really feeble voice. “I don’t want to talk about it.” it took a lot of courage to say this without crying.
“You heard Becky and me talking, right?”
“Yes, I heard you both fighting over me.”
“Ashley, she was out of her mind. She was talking crap.” He explained. I couldn’t take it any longer and tears started to spill out my eyes.
“I don’t want to discuss anything so please leave me alone.” I wept.
“Come on, why are you not talking to me? What have I done?” His tone softened. He stepped forward towards me and grabbed my arm. He slowly pulled me so that we made eye contact. He took one more step near me and wiped my tears with his soft hands.
“No stop!” I said, rushing away from him although I didn’t want to.
“Okay, would you atleast tell me what is wrong?” he asked backing away from me. I turned away without answering and grabbed the railing tightly otherwise I would have fallen apart.
“Fine, I am really sorry Ash.” He said and went away. As he said those words something inside me broke as if my heart was being ripped. My life halted. I slumped down and began to sob like a child. This is not what I wanted. It is horrible. I have never been this shattered before in my life. Everything is a blur. I cannot imagine my life without Jake because he is my life. Somehow I got up, feeling as though the entire world’s burden is on me. I feel so heavy from inside. I don’t want to go inside or see Jake; I would not be able to handle myself. Seeing him and knowing that he is not gonna be mine fills my heart with unbearable pain. I straightened up my hair and wiped my tears and went to the kitchen.
“Do I need to ask?” she snapped at me.
“Please Emma, not now or else I will start crying and never stop. We will discuss when we go to your house.” I replied.
“Okay so you are coming today, Emmet would be really happy.”
“Yes I will be coming, alone.”
“Ashley, I am so sorry for you.” She hugged me hard.
“No need to be, I am absolutely fine.” I replied with a fake confidence.
“I know that, you are a very strong girl!” she replied but she knew that I was breaking from inside.
“Well, we better work!” I said and went out of the kitchen. I promised myself I won’t look at Jake. But as I entered the singing voice I heard was not of Jake’s. I looked at the stage and the other guy, Ro, was singing. My eyes searched for him but he was nowhere in sight. I went a little towards the stage and then saw him sitting at the back and scribbling hard on a notebook. I looked more closely and he looked so frustrated and angry. He started scribbling even hard. I wonder if this is the way he channelizes his anger. He suddenly closed the notebook, threw it aside and buried his head in his hands. I have never seen him like this. So angry, so upset and so sad. He looked genuinely worried about us but I could not explain him the reason I am ignoring him. The truth is I love him so much that his happiness means a lot to me. He slowly looked up and turned his head in my direction. I got nervous and turned around. But too late, he had already seen me. I started walking towards the tables and started doing my job. Working was the best way to keep myself occupied. But still every now and then Jake pops into my head, I don’t know from where. He actually never leaves my thoughts; it is like a habit now. I once again glance at the backstage and he is standing there, hands in pocket and staring at me. I looked away and went to the kitchen.






                                                CHAPTER 22
“Hi Emmet!” I greet him with a perfect smile. Emma and I left the restaurant as soon as we got free and came to her house. We didn’t tell Jake about our visit and I am feeling really guilty about that. Emmet and Jake have formed a new bond and I don’t want to distance them. I will go crazy in order to maintain Jake’s relations with everyone else except me.
“Hello Ashley.” He said with a bright face. “You came alone today where is Jake?” he asked.
“He….He was busy.” I lied and flashed a fake smile. I am an expert in that now.
“Ashley, would you help me in something?” Emma asked expectantly.
“Of course, what is it?”
“You know, doctors say that Emmet should start with some physical exercises or else his body will become really stiff. Emmet has to start walking again and I can’t do that alone. See, you have to grab one arm and I’ll hold the other. So ……”
“Of course, why not? So Emmet are you ready to walk the talk.” I said in a goofy voice and all three of us started to laugh, allegedly at me.
We help Emmet get off the bed and trust me it isn’t that simple, it is really difficult. After a few more trials Emmet finally stood on his feet. I took a glance at Emma and she was sparkling with happiness. Her face glowed brighter than the sun. I am so happy for her.
“So let us start!” Emma said. Emma and I helped Emmet in taking a small step. He flubbed at first but Emma and I handled him.
“Slowly, step by step. No hurry at all.” I said. We started walking again and Emmet took another tiny step. Slowly, slowly we reached at their porch steps.
“Very well done bro.” Emma said, holding her brother tightly.
“We are really proud of you Emmet.” I said. Suddenly a huge wind blew and I left Emmet’s arm and wrapped my sweater tightly across my body.
Shit shit shit….
Emmet began to lose his balance and Emma couldn’t handle him too. His feet trembled and he was about to fell of the stairs when a steady hand grabbed him from the waist and Emmet was saved from falling and I was saved from a heart attack. How could I be so careless?
“Easy buddy.” Came the life saving voice. JAKE. It’s undoubtedly Jake’s voice I could never confuse his voice with someone else’s.
“Jeez, Emmet are you fine?” Emma rushed towards her brother in fright.
“I am okay, thank you Jake!” Emmet said, regaining his balance as Jake held him.
“I am so sorry Emmet, I really am. I was jerk, a stupid cow to let go of your arm like that.” I said feeling horrendous.
“It’s okay Ashley, I am absolutely fine.” Emmet replied.
“Emma, I am really sorry. It…it was just an accident; I didn’t mean to let go of his arm. I feel terrible.” I apologized. Tears started to pour out of my eyes and now even they are aching from crying way too much.
“It’s okay Ashley, relax. Everything is fine. Just be a little more careful next time besides the fact is he will fall in order to stand up on his own. So please stop feeling guilty.” She gave me a warm smile but I know she skipped a heartbeat when she saw Emmet falling.
“Thank you!” I say in a feeble voice. “Thank you too, Jake.”
“I’ll bring the wheelchair. Enough walking for today. And I guess we should go inside it is getting pretty cold out here.” Jake and Emmet nodded and Emma went inside to bring the wheelchair.
“Emmet, you’ve no idea how horrible I feel. I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have been so careless. If Jake wouldn’t have come….” I couldn’t even finish my sentence, my throat felt so thick.
“Ashley, stop blaming yourself, it was just an accident.” Emmet said.
“And stop thinking about what could have happen, you think way too much. The good thing is that I was there and nothing happened to Emmet.” Jake said, still holding Emmet tightly.
“Ashley said that you were busy.” Emmet started a conversation with Jake. Jake looked at me and I looked away, embarrassed.
“Of course Ash said that. Well I was busy then…. a friend of mine helped me out.” Jake replied. I feel even more uncomfortable.
“Here we are!” Emma said, bringing Emmet’s wheelchair. I helped her carry it down the stairs and then to open it. Jake helped Emmet to sit down safely.
“Thanks man.” Emmet said to Jake.
“Anytime.” He replied.
“Ashley, just to be clear, I don’t hold any sort of grudges against you. Please don’t be upset. It was just an accident I know you would never ever do something like that, intentionally.” Emma said and then embraced me.
“Thank you so much, Emma.” I replied.
“Stop crying Ash.” Emmet said. I nodded and wiped my tears.
“Let us go inside, it is really chilly out here. The wind is really cold.” Emma said and started to drag the wheelchair inside.
“I will help you!” Jake said, and helped her push it inside. He helped her carry it inside.
“Ashley?” Emma told me to come inside.
“I’ll just come, you guys go.” I said and turned my back towards them. I wrapped my sweater tightly around me and tears started to flow again. It was really cold but I was too ashamed to go inside. My skin went pale and my lips were trembling.
“Here, you guys go inside, I will join you soon!” Jake said. Emma and Emmet nodded. Both of them went inside and Jake came down to me.
“How did you come to know, that I was here?” I asked Jake straight-forwardly. My heart hammered loudly in my chest.
“I saw you going with Emma and I confirmed it from your mother. I called her up and she told me you were going to Emma’s. That’s how I came to know. Here I am.” He replied, tucking his hands in his pocket. He slowly walked towards me and lifted my chin upto his level.
“What is wrong, Ashley?” he asked. I am tired of lying, I can’t do it anymore.
“What’s wrong? Ask, what is right. Yesterday, I go to my best friend’s house to patch up with her. To say I am sorry again even though it is not entirely my fault. But when I reach, what I see is that she is shouting at her brother for talking to me. I still miss her and she hates me.” I took a pause and then continued with tears, “I was hurt and I didn’t know what to do. I was afraid and tired. My blood was boiling and my eyes were wet. I was facing an emotional turmoil. I was going crazy. Everything seemed wrong. My life falling to pieces……”
“Ashley, you were under so much pressure. I am so sorry.” He comforted me and then hugged me tightly and I didn’t stop him. I was once again feeling safe and secure. I felt hope.
“I am sorry Jake. I know it wasn’t your fault, you were on my side but I didn’t wanted that your relation with Becky be spoiled because of me.” I said, wetting his shirt with my tears.
“Ash, you don’t need to take blame for what happened between Becky and me. You were concerned about me right? So you know what I want? I want us. This is so beautiful what we have, you are so beautiful.” He said wiping my tears for me. He looked directly at me and I am staring him back.
“I am a wreck Jake, I don’t want anyone to be a part of it.” I said, not disrupting our gaze.
“You are not a wreck, sweetheart. You are the most amazing girl I have ever met. You are independent, beautiful, caring and responsible.”
“Responsible? You saw what happened today, didn’t you?”
“Come on; stop taking blame for every damn thing. Emmet is just fine. He is okay. Stop feeling guilty, please, I beg you.”He said and I didn’t reply anything, I was tongue-tied. Suddenly raindrops start pouring down, really hard.  We didn’t move or shifted our stare. He slowly brought his mouth near mine and I didn’t move. He brought it more close and a second later we were kissing. I closed my eyes, my hands playing with his hair and his hand rubbing my back. The raindrops wetting us completely. His lips felt so soft against mine.  It was the best kiss of my life and the best moment too. We finally drifted our lips apart to take a breath. I can’t stop smiling and neither can he. Our first kiss in such a romantic atmosphere. It feels amazing. I can’t explain the feeling it is so overwhelming and special.
“Wanna go inside? You might catch a cold.” he asked.
“I thought you love rains.” I replied.
“I do and I know you too like them but you might get ill. You know getting all wet and sticky.”
“Well it’s a habit now. My cheeks are always wet and sticky.”
“They won’t be anymore.” He said and kissed me again. I literally felt weak in my knees.
“I think we should just sit here and enjoy the rain.” I suggested and he nodded. We sat at the third step of the porch. I kept my head on his chest and his one arm safely around me and the other hand is intervened with mine. This was the moment I have been longing for. It was magical and so pure. We both did not speak anything but enjoyed the rain and the special bond that we share. I looked at his eyes; they are so gorgeous I could stare at them my whole life. He noticed me gazing at him. He kissed me again and then kissed my forehead. He always makes me feel so safe. Like nothing could go wrong when I am with him. He has this charm which makes it too difficult to ignore him. His every feature is so unique and alluring. He is so handsome and pretty. I love him so much. I don’t want this moment to go away. I wanted that time should freeze then and there.
“Ash, never ever distance yourself from Me.” he said out of the blue.
“I just wanted you to be happy.” I replied.
“All I want is you wanting me. Nothing else. I am the happiest when I am with you.” He said being excessively romantic.
“I love you like crazy, Jake. You are the one I think about every single minute. You don’t have a clue how hard it was to stay away from you.”
“I know babe. I love you too.” He said and kissed me again. “This is great. The two things I love are here with me.”
“Two?” I raised my eyebrows at him questioningly.
“Ya, you and…. Raindrops.” He said, throwing some droplets at me.
“God. I am already completely wet.” I said.
“You are not completely wet.” Before I could have said anything he stood up and picked me in his arms and then jumped down the stairs, splashing water.
“Jake leave me.” I shouted but honestly I didn’t want him to leave me ever.
“Ya! As if you really want to get down.” He teased me. We both laughed and then he swung me around and I shrieked with happiness and delight.
“Well, we didn’t see anything.” Emmet said, pretending to close his eyes. And then Emma, who is standing behind him, started laughing. Jake and I got so self involved and engrossed in our romantic evening that we totally forgot that the door was open and both the brother-sister duo was watching and enjoying the show. Jake very gracefully emplaced me on the wet road, both of us a bit embarrassed.
“We were just enjoying the weather!” I said feeling flustered.
“Absolutely and we were enjoying ourselves by watching your little enjoyment.” Emma said, pulling our leg. Emma and Emmet hi-fived each other and laughed out loud at us.
“Come on guys, stop it.” Jake said, smiling himself.
“Okay, okay sorry but I think you both should come inside and dry yourselves up or both of you would fall sick.” Emma suggested. Jake and I looked at each other and shared an evil smile.
“One, two and three go…….” Jake and I counted and both of us rushed towards Emmet and Emma. I dragged Emma in the rain and Jake bought Emmet, with his wheelchair, down the stairs.
“GOD! Ash and Jake, that was really wicked.” Emma said.
“Don’t tell me you are not enjoying it.” I said, dancing in the rain.
“I’ve not enjoyed rain this much, in my life before.” Emmet committed.
“Me too.” I said.
“Me three.” Jake said
“And me four!” Emma chimed in. We all started spraying water on each other. It was so much fun. I have actually not enjoyed this much before. All four of us were having a splendid time. We really were enjoying ourselves. It was like a water fight. We were dancing, singing, laughing, and teasing all at one time. It was turning out to be the best day for all of us. What surprised me the most is that we bonded so quickly. We have become so comfortable with each other that we can spill our dark secrets and know that they are safe.
“Time out. Stop. I can’t laugh anymore or my lungs would burst.” Emma said and everyone agreed with her and stopped playing, moreover the rain was subsiding too.
“Well I guess it is time to get inside and dry up.” Emmet said. The three of us nodded and went inside their house, dripping on their neat and dry carpet.
“We are so sorry for making your house damp and dirty.” I apologized.
“You can’t make it dirtier than it already is and partners in crime don’t say sorry to each other.” Emma winked at me. She is so cool about everything, I love this thing about her.
“Here you go!” Emma said handing us over the towels. I wiped my hair with the towel and tiny droplets of water landed on Jake’s face and he fidgeted. I did it the second time, intentionally, and he fidgeted again. He looks so cute fidgeting. He closes his eyes so tightly and then he brushes off the droplet from his face. I realize I have started observing all his little, little habits. Like he always drink a glass of wine before singing. He writes with his right hand but does other things with his left hand. His hands, most of the time, are in his pocket.
“Emma thanks for the towel.” Jake said and gave back the towel and I was brought back to the reality.
“Thank you Emma, I had a great time here. I really needed it or else I would have gone mad.” I hugged Emma tightly.
“We should be thankful, Ash.  Emmet and I had a blast today. It was awesome. This was the best rain of our life. Right Emmet?” Emma said.
“Of course. It was such a wonderful rainfall. I really enjoyed it. I have never loved rain so much in my entire life. I am really thankful to Crimson Palace.” Emmet said.
“Crimson Palace, what it has to do with today’s night?” I said, surprised.
“Of course I should be thankful to Crimson Palace. It is because of that restaurant my sister met you both and then you both came here and then we all bonded and that is why we had this night.” Emmet stopped to take a breath.
“Oh that ways. In that case even I would like to thank Crimson Palace, I also met special friends like you.” I said.
“Cheers for Crimson Palace.” Emma said and we all hooted.
“It is getting late, I think we should leave, but guys, to be honest I really don’t want to go. We had such a great time. I love rains but I have never enjoyed them more.” Jake said, looking at me. We both stared each other without blinking. We were caught in the charisma of the moment. Suddenly Emma coughed and we both startled.
“You never fail to embarrass me, do you?” I snapped at Emma.
“What are best friends for”” She replied and we all laughed.
“Best friends are for the fun moments like rain dances.” I said and did a little twirl.
“I am glad I have such good best friends.” Emmet chimed in. We all did a group hug and then said our byes.  















CHAPTER 23
“So, how was your night?” Jake asked me driving his car.
“A top-notch.” I was still very energetic. “I am so glad you came or it would have been a disaster and I wouldn’t be feeling on top of the world.”
“I am happy too that I came.” He said, kissing my hand. “But you know, you practically killed me in the balcony today.”
“I am so sorry Jake; I thought I was helping you. It was difficult for me too. I have been dying since I heard your conversation with Becky. I couldn’t believe my ears if she didn’t like my closeness with Emma then she should have talked to me and to use it as a reason for blaming me for the party fiasco. I was shattered. I felt my heart sinking at that time and I couldn’t do anything but cry.”
“I could see, how much you have cried. Look at your eyes they are looking terrible. All puffy and red, it seems like somebody has beaten you badly.”
“Don’t make fun of me. They would be alright till tomorrow as I am not going to cry today.”
“I hope they are and I am not making fun of you, I am feeling guilty. It is all because of me. I am really sorry Ash.” He seemed really sorry.
“No need to be. It was not your fault and not even mines. I don’t know what happened, we both had the right intentions at heart but somehow we screwed up.”
“I am glad it is over.” Jake said in a low voice.
“Finally some broken pieces of my life are coming together. The blur has gone and I can see everything clearly. My life is actually not that bad. My boss is happy with my work. My parents are proud of me. I have amazing friends. I am making someone’s life better and last but not the least I have got the cutest, most caring, handsomest and the most awesome person as my boyfriend.” I teased him.
“And who is this boyfriend I would really like to meet this guy, he seems really great.” He is such a narcissist.
“He would be the guy sitting right beside me and the one who is driving a car.” I said in a sultry tone.
“Really.” He said naughtily. He eyes on me and not on the road also his hands were leaving the steering wheel.
“And I will continue my relationship with him only if he drops me at my house and not in a hospital.” I said, getting a bit tensed.
“Okay, sorry. I got a bit carried away.” He said and drifted his gaze back to the road and he clenched the steering wheel tightly. He didn’t say a word after that. So obedient I like it. I rolled down the window and started to peek out of it. The weather was really good. The winds cold and crisp. And when the wind touched my face, I was relieved of all my troubles. I felt lighter than clouds. All my tensions were relieved. It was so soothing and lulling. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the weather.
“Jake will you promise me one thing?” my eyes were still closed although my face was inside the window.
“Sure!” he replied.
“Please don’t tell Rebecca about us.” I requested.
“Who’s Rebecca?” he asked and I bolt opened my eyes.
“Jake……. Becky.” I smiled myself at his silliness.
“Oh Ya, sorry. Actually no one ever calls her that.” He justified himself.
“It’s okay, just promise.” I repeated.
“Okay don’t worry I promise I won’t say a word to Becky about us.”
“Thank you!”
“Anytime madam, oops girlfriend.” He said intentionally. I started grinning like an idiot to myself.
“Somebody can’t hide the big smiles.” He teased.
“I don’t want to hide my smile. I want the world to know that I am a lot happier today than I was yesterday.”
“Anybody can see that. Your face is glowing all over.”
“Anyone who is like you can only see my happiness and they are none out there who are like you.”
“Ahh! Go on I love listening my praises. So tell me what you like about Me.” he commanded.
“Come on Jake, you know what I like about you.”
“No I don’t know. Just tell me what you like about me.”
“Everything.” I replied.
“More specific details please.”
“Okay…… I like your eyes. I like your hair. I like the sweet gestures you show. I like your smile. I like the way you dance in the rain. I like the way you tease me. I like that you are always there for me. I like the way you fidget sometimes. I like your lips and especially when they meet mine. And finally I like you.”
“Gosh, I really love you.
“I won’t let go of you that easy. So it is your turn, tell me what you like about me.” I was so excited to hear what he was going to say.
“I like the sound of your laughter. I like your pure heart. I like the way you help others. I like the way you look at me. I like your charisma. I like the warm hugs you give. I like the way you make me feel. I like the way you praise me. And I like the way you love me and care for me and that you could do anything for me.” He said and sent a flying kiss for me. I was overwhelmed. I didn’t say anything just grabbed his free arm and leaned on it and closed my eyes.


“Wake up Ashley, we have reached your home.” Jake kissed me slightly on my forehead and I opened my eyes.
“Did I sleep on your shoulder?” I asked him, not realizing when I fell asleep.
“Yes, you were snoring.” He teased.
“Shut up.” I said, hitting him on his shoulder.
“Okay, okay I was just kidding. You were just sleeping.”
“Why didn’t you wake me up?”
“Because you seemed really tired and you were looking so cherubic. I didn’t have the heart to wake you up.” He replied, sweetly.
“Were you able to drive with me sleeping on one shoulder?”
“I could do anything if you are beside me. I was very comfortable, don’t you worry.”
“Awwww Jake , you are the beat guy in the whole world. I love you so much.”
“I love you too.” He said and kissed me.
“Thank you, I had a fabulous night.” I said, getting out of the car. He got down too and leaned on the car, hands shoved in his pockets.
“I had a beautiful night too.” He said and kissed me again. We said goodnight but didn’t move from our places. We kept on staring at each other.
“Don’t be harsh on Becky.” I said in a dim voice.
“I won’t.” he replied. He was looking at me continuously and kept he on smiling. He was looking so handsome and classy standing there.
“Good Night Jake.” I said finally.
“Night, Ashley!” he replied and waved my bye. I walked towards the door and he was still standing and staring. He stood there until I was inside my house safe and sound. As I closed the door behind me I heard his car starting, it made a really loud noise, and raced down the street.
“I’m home.” I shouted. I couldn’t remove the smile which was fixed on my face. I just can’t stop smiling and now my jaw’s paining.
“Hey dear, late again?” dad asked straight away.
“Relax Henry, let her first change into dry clothes. Honey go and change or else you’ll catch a cold.” mom said.
“I am sorry dad, we lost track of time.”
“It is okay sweetie, go and change.” Mom didn’t let dad speak and I too rushed in my room. I quickly took a shower and changed into not-so-swampy-clothes. My heartbeat is doubled and tripled as I thought about today’s night. It was so memorable. I will never forget it. Everyone was so happy and delighted especially me. I never thought my first kiss with Jake would be so damn romantic. I am going crazy. My happiness comes to a halt as I sneeze three times in a row, I take a break of a minute and then sneeze again.
“Honey, see you have got a cold.” mom said, entering the room with a thermometer and a few medicines.
“My nose hurts!” I said, rubbing my nose after all that sneezing.
“Lay down, let me check your temperature.” She said and I followed her orders. I opened my mouth and she put the thermometer inside. I few moments later it beeped and mom took it out.
“Cherry on the cake, you’ve got fever too.” Mom said and I sneezed again.
“I hate it when I am sick!” my voice has also changed. It has become a bit hoarse but I sound good. This voice suits me. Oh! Shut up Ashley.
“It is okay honey. It’ll get better. All you need is a little rest. Just sleep now without any tensions. So sweetheart, sleep tight.” She said and kissed me like a very caring mother who, by the way, she is.
“Thank you mom for all this. Please close the door when you leave.” I requested and tucked myself in bed, covering my whole body with my silk duvet.
“Okay honey. And just in case, I have kept disprine and a glass of water on your side table. Have it if you have excessive pain.
“Got it mom. Good night.” I said then sneezed then sniffed and then finally snoozed off.

Mom was completely wrong. I don’t feel any better only worse. It’s my nose, head, chest, throat, everything is paining. I went to the restaurant (mom and dad strictly opposed it but I wanted to go.) but Justin sent me back. He said that customers wouldn’t like soup with spit in it. Jake dropped me home and is still sitting with me. He is the most caring guy ever.
“Jake I am fine.” I can’t say anymore because I’ve to sneeze.
“Ya, I can see that.” He is sitting beside me on a chair and taking care of me. And I can’t help but laugh.
“No, you should go back to your job.” I said.
“You are so sick because of me and so it is my responsibility to take care of you and ensure that you are absolutely fit and fine.” He replied.
“It is not because of you, it’s because of my stupid and weak immune system, I mean you, Emma and Emmet were also there. None of you got sick.” Sneeze.
“Awww…. It is okay, you will get better.” He said, pulling my cheeks.
“Soup time!” mom said, entering the room with a tray.
“I don’t want to have anything!” I whined.
“But it is good for your health. And you’ll feel better.” Mom explained. “Jake dear, what would you like to have?” mom asked Jake.
“Nothing Kathy, thank you!” He replied.
“I am leaving this soup over here. So you be a good girl and finish it.” Mom said very sternly.
“I will take care of it!” Jake said.
“I trust you.” She said and left.
Sneeze, sneeze once again.
“Here we go.” Jake said and brought a spoonful of soup near my mouth. I covered my mouth with my hand. I didn’t want to have it.
“Stop being such a baby.” He said. “Please Ashley have it for me!” he made a puppy face and I didn’t had any other choice but to have the soup.
“Ughhhhh.” I made a bad face as the soup was disgusting. I don’t want to be rude but that‘s the truth. Mom does have a bad luck when it comes to soups.
“What is wrong?” he asked
“Why don’t you have a sip and then I will ask you the same question.”
“I am not sick.”
“Well you are responsible for me being sick.” Ha, take this one.
“Okay!” he said and took a sip of the soup. His jaw tightened and lips twitched but he didn’t utter a single word. He swallowed the soup without changing his expression but I could tell he could puke right now.
“See, your turn now.” He said. I again made a bad face but knew I have no option but to drink the soup so I took a quick gulp with arguing further. Turn by turn we both drank and finished the soup.
“It was pathetic. I have never had such a bad soup in my life.” I said.
“It was not that bad.” Jake is seriously a saint.
“You wanna have some more?”
“No.” he instantly shouted and I started laughing and then sneeze, sneeze.
“I am sick and tired of these sneezes. They are driving me bananas.” I fumed.
“Blame your immune system.” He taunted.
“You are not helping.” I said in a singing tone.
“Maybe this will.” He said and moved towards me then kissed me softly on both the cheeks and my forehead.
“I would have preferred the French one, but you know……..” he said pointing at my nose and making a dirty expression.
“I know, you’ll fall sick too.” I said, understandingly.
“And moreover your nose keeps flowing.” He said laughing. My jaw dropped, how mean is that. I picked up the pillow lying on my side and started to hit him with it.
“Ow, ouch!” I could hear his shrieks but I won’t stop.
“Cut it out.” He said and grabbed the pillow from my hand and threw it away. “I was just kidding.”
“Ya!” I snapped and turned my face away. He slowly came more near to me and I tried not to smile. He placed his finger under my chin and lifted it up. He brings his face no near to me that I could feel his breath. When I realized he was going to kiss me I drifted back.
“No, you don’t have to kiss me. I am not that unreasonable, I was kidding.” I said.
“Never test my love I can go beyond any limits.”
“And I love that about you.” I replied. He can be so romantic even in the most unromantic times. Suddenly being sick is romantic. But actually these silly moments change into everlasting memories.
“But seriously were you about to kiss me? Right now my mouth is the home for millions of germs.” I said feeling amazed.
“So what, I don’t care about the germs in your mouth. All I care about is you feeling great.” He replied.
“I love you Jake. You are the bestest guy in the whole wide universe and I am so lucky to have you in my life.” I said with extreme sincerity.
“I know I am the best.” He flaunted and raised his collars.
“You really are.” I smiled. We both stared at each other as if the time has stopped and it’s just us sitting here and enjoying our togetherness. My perfect moment is broken when I sneeze, thankfully not at his face.
“I am sorry!” I said rubbing my nose.
“It is okay, I guess I will sit over there only.” He said pointing towards the empty chair on which he was sitting before.
“Ya that would be better.” I laughed.









                                      CHAPTER 23
“Sweetie, how are you feeling now? Kathy told that you are not getting any better.” Dad exclaimed, dashing inside my room.
“Dad I am fine. It’s just mild fever and it will get okay.” I replied.
“Do you want me to call the doctor?” Dad so panic stricken. He gets all dramatic when something happens to me. My sweet, cute dad.
“No dad I am fine and besides I have got you, mom, dad and Jake with me.” I replied.
“Jake?” he asked gobsmacked, he was so worried that he didn’t notice Jake sitting here.
“Hello Henry!” he greeted Dad with a smile.
“Sir!” dad said sternly.
“Pardon me!” Jake said confused. Even I was confused too. What the hell is sir?
“I would appreciate if you would call me sir!” Dad said.
“Dad, Jake has called you Henry from, I don’t know, forever.” I was shocked at dad’s behavior. He never told any of my boyfriends to call him sir before. He is acting weird.
“Yes but back then Jake was just your best friend’s brother but now he is your …. Umm….friend, who is sitting beside you when you are ill.” Dad explained. I don’t believe this. When did he become so possessive for me? I shifted my gaze to Jake who is trying very hard to control his laughter. I too couldn’t help but giggle. I don’t know how he will react when I will tell him that Jake and I are going together.
“Okay sir!” he stressed on that ‘sir’. One should be aware of him he can get really sarcastic but of course dad doesn’t notice the sarcasm in his tone.
“Jake I was thinking that maybe you should leave now. I am here and I would take care of Ash. So, I don’t think Ash needs you anymore.” Dad said.
Sneeze Sneeze.
“You alright?” Jake asked. I knew he did that just to bum my dad out. He couldn’t hide that smirk that has crept on his face.
“I am fine. Sneezing seems really normal now.” I replied eyeing him fiercely.
“Well bye then, take care of yourself Ashley and remember I am a phone call away.” He winked. I saw dad from the corner of my eye and he looked really aggravated.
“Thank you Jake, bye.” I said.
“Good bye sir.” He said and bowed a little. Typical of him. Dad nodded and he started to walk away. When he was about to exit, he sent me a flying kiss when my dad’s attention was wrapped around me. I blushed and gave him my brightest smile. He went outside and closed the door behind him.
“Dad what was all that about?” I asked him crossly.
“What?” he asked acting completely innocent. Dad sometime can act like such baby.
“With all that sir and weird behavior with Jake.” I made quote marks with my fingers.
“Sweetie I just want to be sure about him.”
“Dad that is very sweet of you but Jake’s a great guy, who else would’ve stayed here with me all day, missing on their job that too when I am all sneezy.
“I know sweetums but I want to be sure.”
“Dad, I just want to tell you that Jake is very nice and I really enjoy his company.
“I know that, he has been really nice and helpful to us. But, you know being a dad it’s always tough to get use to the face that your little daughter is going to start dating boys, have relationships and then get married one day and leave us all.” Dad said, brushing my hair a bit.
“Dad, no matter how much I love my boyfriends or how much time I spend with boys or who I end up marrying, you’ll always be my no. 1 man. I love you dad.” I said, hugging my dad.
“And you will always be my princess.” He hugged me more tightly. I have never had such a conversation with dad before but I am glad we had this pep talk.
“Have some rest, doll.” He kissed me on my forehead and left the room. That is what I am going from the morning rest, rest and rest. I really wanna go out and I want to be fine again. I want to go to the restaurant and chat with Emma, play with Emmet and most importantly spend some time with Jake. I know, I know I have spent the entire day with him but it doesn’t seem enough.
I slept for about two hours and after waking up I feel a lot better. My nose has stopped flowing and my body is aching less. I got up and stretched myself. Finally I am able to inhale properly, without making any sorts of noise. I went downstairs and found mom and dad chatting in the drawing room.
“Hey!” I greeted them, entering the drawing room.
“Honey, why have you gotten up? I think you should be resting.”
“I am fine. Look my voice is also getting better. I think I could manage sitting for some time.” I settled down in a chair beside mom.
“It’s really nice that you’re feeling better but you still have to take care of yourself. Don’t get careless.” Mom instructed and I nodded.
“Mom please check my fever. If it is normal then I’m going to the restaurant.” I said.
“No, you aren’t going anywhere. You need to rest and we don’t want you to work in this condition.” Dad got really angry.
“Daddy I am okay. It’ll be a good change for me. Moreover my sneezing is also under control.”  I defended myself.
“Honey you can’t exert yourself.” Mom said. “You haven’t completely recovered and you are still vulnerable to infections.”
“I am bored. I don’t have anything to do. Just laying in the bed for the whole day bores you to hell. I want to have some fun.” I wailed like a young girl.
“I think we could help.” Came in a very familiar voice. I turned around and saw Emma, Emmet and Jake standing at the door of the drawing room.
Oh My God!!!!!
“You guys.” I rushed towards them and hugged Emma tightly. I was so pleased to see them. I bent down and hugged Emmet too, who was sitting in his wheelchair.
“How are you Emmet?” I asked, kneeling down on my knees.
“Great. You tell how are you, sneezy girl are?” he asked. I looked at Jake angrily and he pretended not to notice ‘sneezy girl’ and looked away.
“I am fine too!” I said, bringing my attention back to Emmet. I got up and was going to hug Jake too but then realized my over-possessive father is standing right behind me.
“Hello Jake.” I said, casually, extending my hand.
“Hey Ash.” He said and shook my hand.
“Well hello everyone!” mom introduced herself. “I am Ash’s mom, Kathy.”
“Hello Kathy.” Both Emma and Emmet said in unison.
“And I am Henry, her dad” he said warmly.
“Hi Henry!” Emma and Emmet again sang in unison.
“Hello Sir!” Jake said in a scampish manner. Both Emma and Emmet watched him, agog. They were confused too like we were when we first got to know that Jake is supposed to call my dad SIR.
“Hello everyone!” he replied.
“How are you feeling?” Emma asked, concerned.
“I am better.” I replied.
“You will be perfectly fine babe.” She side-hugged me.
“These are for you!” Emmet said, handing me a very beautiful bouquet.
“Oh! Thank you so much, they are beautiful.” I said, taking in their enthralling fragrance. “They are really nice. I love flowers. Emmet so thoughtful of you!”
“You are welcome.” He said.
“Honey, give me the flowers, I will put them in a vase.” Mom said and I gave her the flowers, taking in their scent once again.
“I guess we should go to my room now.” I said, excitedly. Emma and Emmet are visiting my house for the first time, I am bubbling with happiness. It is wonderful to have them here at my house, I was getting so bored. They are truly great friends.
“Of course!” Emma said and started strolling Emmet’s wheelchair.
“You go with Ashley; I will take care of Emmet!” Jake said. Taking the wheelchair under his control.
“Thank you Jake. You are really sweet!” Emma said and came with me to my room before the guys.
“Please don’t mind the mess.”I said, biting my lower lip.
“Oh please, your room is beautiful.” Emma said.
“Thank you!” I replied. Emmet and Jake also entered. Emma sat on the bed Emmet’s wheelchair beside her and Jake is standing leaning on the doorframe, hands in his pocket.”
“I am so glad you all came. I was missing you guys.” I jumped with delight.
“Easy there.” Emma said, “it was all Jake’s idea, to cheer you up and we instantly agreed.”
“Thank you Jake!” I said making an Awe face.
“Actually, I had a very selfish, secret reason that I invited Emma and Emmet.” He said, giving a sexy half smirk.
“What?” I asked.
“It is very simple. Your dad wanted me out of here but I knew he wouldn’t say anything if Emma and Emmet came with me too. So, this was my master plan to be with you.” He explained.
“That’s so mean, Jake.” Emma said and threw a, nearby kept, cushion at him. It didn’t hit him though; he caught it before it could attack him.
“Bad shot!” he teased her. She didn’t say anything but rushed towards him and smacked him with the same cushion.
“Stop Emma. Atleast we four our together again and I really enjoy our little gang.” Emmet said.
“Ya alright!” she said and came back to her place.
“One member is missing though.” Jake said sadly.
“Who?” Emma asked
“Rain!” he said, peeping out of the window.
“Don’t even mention rain.” I said, crossly. “It is because of rain that I am sneezing so much that my nose is hurting.” Everybody started laughing and I joined in too.
“It’s because of rain that you and I became us.” Jake said in a very, very romantic tone. I was completely flattered. I didn’t know what to say. My eyes spoke itself, they shone and sparkled and showed my happiness. I had the brightest smile on my face which reflected my feelings for Jake.
“Jake and Ashley, sitting in a tree,
K-I-S-S-I-N-G…
First comes love.
Then comes marriage.
Then comes baby sitting in the baby carriage.
Sucking his thumb,
Wetting his pants,
Doing the hula-hula dance.” Emma and Emmet both sang and danced.
“Oh! Stop you both.” I said, sheepishly, still having the same, broad smile.
“Don’t tell me you didn’t like it.” Emma teased. The fact that she is right makes me blush more.
“You guys look so cute together.” Emmet said.
“You know what is cuter. This……” he said and licked his lips. He came slowly towards me and when he finally reached nearly me, he wrapped his hands around my waist. He looked so gorgeous standing there that I couldn’t help but kiss him on the cheek.
“Ahhhhhhh!” Emma and Emmet were our background musicians.
“Did you all plan to embarrass me today?” I asked, my cheeks turning really red but I didn’t escape from his hug as his arms felt warm and nice around me.
“We didn’t plan anything sweetie but did you plan to keep us hungry all day.” He snapped and retracted his arms.
“I am so sorry guys. I am such an idiot. I completely forgot.” I said, hitting my head and feeling like a very bad hostess.
“Relax Ash, Jake is just kidding!” Emmet said. I glanced at him and there was a scampish smile on his face.
“You little sarcastic lad!” I said lividly and whacked him on his stomach.
“Ow! That hurt!” he said, clenching his stomach.
“Exactly my intentions” I said, raising my eyebrows.
“Well that is mean, harsh and not acceptable.” He replied. Great, our first relationship row.
“Come on guys, stop fighting.” Emma said.
“Ya man, hug it out!” Emmet chimed in.
“I wouldn’t mind that at all.” Jake said, his naughty side returning and I blushed. He wrapped me once again in his arms. His embrace got tighter and I did the same. He smells so great; I could stay in his arms forever. I feel so safe when I am with him. I closed my eyes and buried my head in his chest as he is taller than me.
“It is so unfair?” I said.
“What?” he asked me and escaping from the hug.
“You are way too tall than me.” I protested.
“Believe me, there is an advantage of that.” He said and kissed me on my lips.
“I don’t think so!” I replied.
“Well, I am taller than you that means when you hug me you could hear my heart that beats for only and only you.” He said and kissed me again.
“I think you are absolutely right, sweetheart!” I replied. He is so cute, romantic and the best person I know.
“Awwww…… that was so sweet but guys we are still here.” Emma said and we instantly jumped apart.
“Sorry!” I said playing with my hair.



                                                 CHAPTER 24
We spent another two hours with each other. We talked, laughed and had lots of fun. And the most amazing part is that I didn’t even sneezed once, even my nose didn’t flow. Seriously, I am one little lucky girl who’ve got amazing friends with whom she can be completely herself and not feel stupid. I just love them all. I know I have mentioned it many times but I just can’t say it enough. It’s because of them that I have started to believe in destiny. Seriously, it is pure destiny that I have these three wonderful people in my life who are gonna be there for me always and forever.
I smile as Jake and Emmet were making funny faces and Emma is clicking their photographs. Emmet and Jake too have gown really close just like me and Emma. A perfect group. Now I really do have best friend who truly understands me and will never leave me alone in tough times. Becky is out of my life but the problem is she is the part of Jake’s life and quite a significant one. I don’t want that, because of her there should be any problems between me and Jake. I can’t leave him for anyone. I tried to ignore Jake for a single day and it was so damn difficult, forget about forgetting him for my entire life. Please God, don’t let anyone come between us ever. I want him forever and I cannot live without him.
“Ash can I talk to you for a sec, please?” Emma shook me out of my reverie.
“Ya sure!” I said and we both went to the balcony to have a little girl-to-girl chat.
“Ashley, I don’t know how to thank you for your favor.” Emma said.
“What favor?”
“You helping me out with Emmet, remember?”
“Oh ya that, of course I remember. And I have told you a million times that you don’t have to thank me for this, I enjoy it!”
“Yes I know but I visited the doctor a and he said that Emmet is improving.”
“Em, that is such a great news!”
“All of this became possible because of you and Jake.”
“I am so glad that we could help.”
“The doc said that Emmet is responding to the treatments and they could operate him and there are chances he could fit and fine again.”
“That’s so wonderful.”
“You have really helped me a lot. I don’t have anything to give you in return but I’m just so thankful that I could have someone like you in my life.”
“You are welcome sweetheart.” I said and hugged her. “You are a great sister and a great friend.” I said honestly. I love her.
“I think I’m not interrupting anything?” Jake asked, knocking the balcony door.
“No!” Emma replied.
“Emma I think we should leave. It’s getting late and even Emmet wants to rest, he must be tired.” Jake said.
“You are right, we should be leaving. Bye Ash.” She said and side hugged me.
“Hey, I can also come along to drop you guys off. I am feeling much better and I am not sneezing.” I protested.
“It’s not that, I don’t think that sir would like you coming with me.” Jake showed me quote marks.
“Now, why do you call Henry, ‘sir’?” Emma asked, finding it strange.
“Because sir likes being called sir by me. He wants me to call him sir and not get any personal with him. That is why I call him ‘sir’.” Jake explained. Everytime he stressed on that sir.
“Would you let it go already?” I asked.
“No, I really like it. He is a very, very protective father.” He replied.
“That he is!” I said, feeling really proud.
“No doubts!” he said and once again shoved his hands in his pockets.
“Okay guys, I think we should leave. It’ll get dark by the time you return Jake.” Emma said.
“Okay bye. See you tomorrow at the restaurant.” I said and hugged Emma again. I went inside and hugged Emmet goodbye too.
“Bye guys!” I waved them bye as they all left my house. I went back inside and mom was sitting in the lobby on the sofa and reading the Vogue.
“I cannot live a day without those guys!” I said to mom, sitting on the sofa beside her.
“I am really happy for you sweetheart. Everyone of us needs that one person with whom we can be completely ourselves. We can spill all our secrets in front of them and trust them to keep it to themselves. We need someone to be there for us all the time. In bad times and good times. Someone who always tell us the truth and inspire us to do our best. And you are very lucky to have that person.” Mom explained.
“Seriously, Emma is great!”
“I know she’s a darling, but I wasn’t talking about her.” Mom said and smiled.
“Who?” I asked even though I knew the answer. I bit my lower lip in order to hide my anxiety.
“Jake. He is such a nice lad!” mom replied.
“I know he is really great. He is always there for me and he really cares for me. I really love him, mom. I really do.  I am madly, deeply and crazily in love with him.” I confessed it to mom.
“That is great, I am glad to hear that. You have found someone who is so sweet and caring. Calls for a celebration, let me get some wine.” She said and was about to get up when I stopped her.
“No mom, no celebration, right now.” I said sadly.
“Why?” she asked in a pell-mell manner.
“Dad. He doesn’t seem very comfortable with Jake.” I replied.
“Honey, you must have heard that ‘a son is son until he finds a wife but a daughter is a daughter for eternity. Dads around the world love their daughters more than anything. Love, you are our only child and we both are crazy about you. We just want you to be happy, that’s all, especially your dad that is why he tends to get a little over-protective of you.” She explained.
“Mom I understand and Jake too, but at some point of time I’ll have to move out. I am a big girl now.”
“You’ll always be our little Ashley even when you have kids of your own.” Mom kissed me on my forehead.
“I know but I have to tell dad about my feelings.” I was getting emotional.
“Of course you can talk to him about your feelings. Here, I will tell you a secret. Henry really likes Jake and he thinks that Jake is the best for you.”
“Seriously he said that?” I asked with widened eyes. I am surprised to hear that.
“Yes he said that and meant that too.”
“Then why he insisted Jake to call him ‘sir’.” I asked curiously.
“Because he is jealous.” Mom laughed.
“Jealous!?!” I was stunned. Out of all the possible reasons this one seems the vaguest. Dad jealous of Jake?
“Your dad knew that there was something brewing between you guys and he thought that Jake would steal you away from him. You’ll get married to him and fly away. His princess will find a prince.” Mom explained.
“Oh my god, I don’t believe this. He is so far sighted. I mean he knew that I was in love with Jake and still acted aloof.” I wanted to laugh but was too surprised.
“We love you honey and we know what you want and what is best for you. And we think that Jake is the best for you!” mom kissed my cheek.
“Thank you mom, I love you both!” I said and embraced her.
“You know when I told your father about my pregnancy, we were strolling in a park, and he jumped and shouted on top of his lungs that he was going to be a father. All the people were gawking at us and giving us sweet smile or muttering ‘congratulations’. It was such a lovely day for us.” Mom revealed this secret.
“I don’t believe it, dad shouting in a public place is just not possible.” I couldn’t believe my ears but mom nodded and confirmed that I had heard right. Dad is a total gentleman and when it comes to behave in public places he is so strict. He never gets too excited or shouts, he always remains humble and subtle. He is so prissy and does everything to show-off his persona and he always forces us too, to behave the same way. It gets on my mom’s nerves and sometimes mines too.
“I am so glad we had this talk.” I hugged mom.
“Me too. I think we should have them more often.” Mom suggested.
“Only on one condition.” I said.
“What?” she asked.
“You will spill more of Dad’s secrets.” I laughed and mom joined in too.
“Promise!” she said. I really enjoyed our little mother-daughter talk.
“What’s going on, darlings!” dad voice came in.
“Nothing just Ash and me, hanging around!” mom replied, keeping our little talk a secret.
“Good. So, what’s there for dinner?” dad asked and kissed mom.
“Well we’ve salmon fish roll.” Mom replied in a perfect waitress-tone.
“So from here I have learned all my waitressing skills. Right mom?”
“Absolutely.” Dad said and kissed my mom again. “The dinner sounds scrumptious darling. I am really hungry can we eat please.”
“Wait for just a minute they are under preparation.” Mom said. “You know Henry, when all the kids were here; Jake really helped me take care of them.” Mom lied to see dad’s reaction. Actually, shortly after my friends came, dad had to go urgently for some work.
“That is very…….good.” dad said, hurting his ego. He looked so cute.
“Nice boy!” mom said on purpose.
“Yes!” dad said and then busied himself with the magazine mom was reading before. I don’t understand, he likes Jake but won’t admit it. Typical dad.
“Ashley, isn’t it surprising that you are fine now, without any medications?” dad asked changing the topic.
“I know, my head still aches a little and I feel fatigue but all the fever and sneezing is gone.” I said, pleased that finally sneezes and I have broken up. I was tired and sick of them. I am so happy I can breathe again.
“Quite a miracle!” mom said, “I think it is Jake’s magic.” Mom said it under her breath but loud enough for dad to hear it. Dad started coughing on hearing mom’s statement and I couldn’t help but laugh.
“You alright?” mom asked, laughing herself.
“A-okay!” dad replied coughing and showing us a thumbs-up. Mom got him some water and he calmed down and his coughing faded away.
“I’ll go and set up the dining table.” Mom said and went inside the dining room. She did it on purpose so dad and I could get some time alone to chat.
“Dad, how was work?” I asked. Always start a conversation with work with dad. His mood lifts up that we are interested in what he does for a living.
“Great, work is always great.” Dad replied.
“Dad I think we should talk.” I said, it is so difficult to talk to dad about your relationships. Especially a dad like mine.
“Sure, kiddo!” dad said and kept aside the magazine he was reading.
“Dad, what do you think about Jake?” I asked, crossing my fingers behind my back. I am really nervous even though I know that he likes Jake.
“He is …….nice.” dad replied. Nice just nice, I am offended. He is a lot more than nice, he is the best. I cannot take criticism at all for me or my loved ones. I control my emotions and explain myself to keep calm.
“But dad he is so sweet and cute.” I said in a very humble voice. But I know I was losing my cool as dad wasn’t replying. He looked at me for a moment and then finally he replied.
“Honey, what is your point?”
“Dad, I know you care for me a lot and I am lucky to have parents like you. But at one point you have to let go. You didn’t have any problems with my exes because you, somehow, knew that they were just a fling but what I have with Jake is something special. He is the one who’ll never leave my side. He is really a sweetheart and we are going together.” I finally blurt it out. I feel so light and nice. Mom too joined us and sat on the chair kept beside the sofa. She raised her eyebrows and I nodded. She smiled and that assured me everything would be alright.
“Well, that is not a surprise.” He said although his expressions told a whole very different story. My anxiety levels are sky high.
“What?” I asked shyly.
“I mean that it is obvious that you and Jake have something special. You guys look so cute together.” Dad gave a big smile and all my tensions flew away. But I am shocked, this is not my dad. He is okay with me going out with Jake? All that cold and sneezes have really done wonders for me.
“Dad are you, seriously, okay with it?” I think I am in some kind of a trance. Everything is going perfectly.
“Of course Honey. Jake is a really nice, caring and a loving person. He seems just like me, very protective of you. He gives me the assurance that he would always be there for you and never leave you alone. Nothing wrong would happen to you until he is there. Anybody can see that he loves you, his eyes shine when he is with you. I am so glad that you are not dating any obnoxious, irritating lad. Jake’s perfect.” Dad seemed happy with his little speech. I am unable to utter a single word. It’s like I haven’t been this happy ever. Jake and I have been accepted by my parents. I am so glad. I am dying to talk to Jake. He would be so happy. I am sure he will scream with joy even I am feeling to shout on top of my lungs that my life is perfect.
“Congratulations honey!” mom and dad both sang.
“Thank you, thank you so much mom and dad. I can’t tell you how exhilarated I feel.” I said felling so relaxed and comfortable. Parents can sometimes surprise you and leave you in amazement. I feel so blessed to have parents like Henry and Kathy. They are my first love, seriously. They both have seen it all, my uncontrollable laughter, my demands, my irritating behavior, my attitude, my stubbornness, my anger and yet they love me as I’m the perfect piece send on Earth. They understand me like no one else, I mean come on they could understand me when I couldn’t even speak. Mom and Dad are the most precious people, for me, in the world.
“You okay there honey?” mom asked.
“Perfect!” I replied. Mom and dad gave me a big grin and I joined in too.
“Dad, if you liked Jake then what was that entire ‘sir’ thing?” I asked, making quote-marks with my fingers.
“I just wanted to see how obedient he is. After all I am still a father and have to be sure that every guy that comes near you is good!” he said in a very strict and father like tone. He has such a diverse personality.
“Oh! Iron dad.” I said, showing my non-existing muscles.
“Absolutely!” dad replied, making a karate action with his hands. Mom and I laughed really loudly. Dad looked so funny. Today I am seeing dad’s not-known-earlier-phases. Mom and I couldn’t control our laughs, it was so funny.
“Come on, it wasn’t that hilarious!” dad felt embarrassed.
“Oh please ask us.” Mom replied.
“Dad it didn’t suit you.” I chimed in too.
“Okay, I won’t do it again.” Dad said again picking up the magazine.
“Henry darling do you wanna continue reading or are you hungry?” mom asked and I laughed again.
“Of course I am hungry and I would really appreciate if we had our dinner without my leg-pulling.” Dad said.
“Of course.” Mom said. We three went inside the dining room and the table was neatly set.
“Mom where did you learn your sophisticated waitress skills?” I asked, settling in the dining chair.
“Well I was born talented.” Mom flaunted.
“Is that so? I thought you learnt them from your Aunt Althea.” Dad snapped and I laughed and high-fived dad.  Aunt Althea is my mother’s father’s sister.
“Aunt Althea just helped.” Mom tried to cover herself up.
“Of course!” dad replied.
“Do you want dinner or not?” mom asked and raised one eyebrow.
“I am sorry. You are perfect darling.” Dad kissed mom’s hand. He is such a flatter machine and mom falls for it everytime.



                                              CHAPTER 25
“The dinner was awesome!” Dad praised my mom.
“Seriously, the food was great.” I really loved the food. The best salmon fish rolls. Mom is a great cook (except for soups!).
“Thank you.” My mom did a little bow. She is a perfectionist. She does everything flawlessly. I mean, she takes care of every minute detail of everything.
“What’s for sweet dish honey?” dad asked. He has a big sweet tooth, well so do I.
“We have ……… nothing. I am sorry, I was really busy. There must be some ice cream you can check it out.” Mom said, pointing towards the fridge.
“No problems, nothing is sweeter than you my dessert.” Dad got all romantic. Men will be men.
“Mom and dad good night!” I wanted to give them a little private time. I went to my room and left those two love birds alone. Today has been a fabulous day, just awesome. I mean my roller coaster life has finally come to a rest. Everything is peaceful and I hope it carries on like this only. I am really happy that dad was all cool about me and Jake but the one thing that was extremely special about today was that I got to learn a lot about my parents. Not only what mom told me about dad, which by the way was very funny, but I got to know them as a couple. They are such a vivacious couple and they look so cute together. I mean I have rarely seen them fighting. They have always loved each other unconditionally and they never forget to show it. They both are an ideal couple. They are like an example for me and Jake. I want us to be the same. Your life becomes way simpler if you have parents like them. I love them so much.  My mind was occupied with all these thoughts and I wanted to freshen up so I went inside the washroom and washed my face with ice cold water. It feels so refreshing and nice. I went back to my room and dialed Jake’s number. I wanted to tell him so much.
“Hey, Ashley!” he spoke.
“Hello Jake, You won’t believe what happened.” I sounded so damn excited.
“Sweetie, can we talk some other time, I really have some work right now.” He hushed.
“But Jake……….” I was cut in between by Jake, “I am sorry, Ash I really have to rush. Bye, see you tomorrow.” He said and hung up the phone. What the hell. All my excitement was shattered. How could he hang upon me like that? This is so unfair. It was a great day and he had to spoil the ending. And what urgent work he had at this hour in the night. I paced my room at a very high speed and cursed Jake. I was dying to talk to him and he just doesn’t care. I won’t talk to him now. My turn to show ego. I was so angry at him. I took a deep breath and went to my bed.
“I won’t think about him.” I chanted to myself again and again and was lulled to sleep.


The next morning I woke up and was still angry at Jake. I hurriedly took a shower and dressed in my best clothes. I did my makeup and combed my hair. At the end I was looking really beautiful. I went downstairs and even mom noticed my new look.
“Somebody is looking impressive.” Mom said.
“I am always impressive.” I said it in a very high profiled manner.
“You are looking very pretty darling.” Mom said.
“Thank you!” I said and did a little twirl.
“Anything special today!” she asked. I wanted to say that I want to make Jake jealous but of course couldn’t say that.
“No nothing special, just usual. By the way, where is dad?” I didn’t saw him anywhere.
“He had to go a bit early. Some urgent work!” she replied.
“Okay!” I said. “Mom I won’t have breakfast today I really have to go early today.” I said and hurried out of the house. “Bye mom, see you later.” I shouted and banged the door shut. I wanted to take a taxi today but Jake was already standing there with his car.
“I am sorry!” he said but I ignored him.
“I hope you are busy so I would take a taxi, you don’t need to worry at all.” I said and he smiled.
“Why are you smiling?” I asked, rudely.
“Because I was sure you’ll behave like this and I was also sure you would be taking a taxi that is why I am standing here, early.” He said. To be honest I was really impressed but dude, I do have an ego.
“Come on Ash, I said I am sorry.” He repeated.
“I was so enthusiastic to talk to you and you just ignored it. I mean how rude and mean is that?”
“I was genuinely busy. Do you think I could do that without a reason?”
“Okay, what were you doing so late at night?” I became a typical girlfriend.
“Our band is going to play at a wedding. It’s a grand party. My dad’s friend’s daughter’s wedding. They really liked our performance, so we are going to play at The Plaza.” He said. I cannot breathe. Jake is going to play at The Plaza. Oh my God!
“That is amazing.” I said and jumped into his arms.
“So you are not that upset.” He said.
“Not at all. It’s The Plaza, everybody’s dream wedding destination.” I said.
“Yes, it is beautiful!”
“When are you playing?” I asked.
“The date is not finalized yet. The groom and bride haven’t agreed on a same date.”
“Okay. Jake I am so happy for you.” I kissed him.
“Well, easiest kiss ever earned.” He flaunted. “Well what were you gonna tell me?”
“Let’s first sit in the car. We are getting late.” I said and sat in the passengers’ seat and Jake rushed towards the drivers’ seat.
“You know I told my mom and dad about us…..” I narrated him the story of yesterday.
“Seriously! Henry said that all about me. I don’t believe this.” Jake was totally shell-shocked.
“Yes, he said that you are perfect for me and that you are a very caring and loving guy.” I was so excited.
“I am so glad your father doesn’t hate me nor that he could once he saw my charming personality.” He flaunted.
“Of course! Jake I am on the seventh cloud, everything is going perfectly.” I was glowing with happiness. Jake got so turned on at that moment that he stopped focusing on the road instead kissed me softly on my lips. Suddenly, we hear a loud, screeching horn and Jake instantly shot back and stopped the car.
“Watch out chap!” An old lady shouted at us.
“We are very sorry!” we both said to the lady, who could eat us away with her cold stare.
“Get a room!” she snapped at us and then rode off. Jake didn’t start the car right away; we had to calm down first.
“You nearly killed me!” I shouted at Jake, still shaking all over.
“Your father nearly killed me.” he joked.
“It’s not funny!” I said all cheesed off.
“I am so sorry, really sorry. It won’t happen again, ever, I promise. I just got distracted. I am very sorry, sweetheart.” Jake looked genuinely sorry.
“From now on, no talks when you are driving. Your concentration should be on the road always.”
“Deal!” he said. I know he got a bit scared too. One moment we are kissing and the other we’re killing an old lady. He could never bear doing something this wrong to someone. I know I have to calm him down.
“Jake relax, okay. Everything is fine. We are fine; now just drive a bit more carefully!” I said placing my hand on his shoulder and pressing it a bit.
“Thank you Ash, I needed to hear that.” He took a deep breath and started the car. We drove in silence, when—
“You know, I guess I have to make up for my fatal mistake. So what about tonight, we go to some place nice.” He flirted. Seriously he still can flirt. He is a gone case. But I liked the idea of going out.
“We’ll talk about it when I am on solid ground.” I didn’t want to distract him from driving.
“Coolio!” he said and continued driving safely and quietly.
“We are almost there, so you can answer.” He got all afluttered.
“No, not till we are inside the restaurant.” He replied nothing but continued driving. I glanced at him from the corner of my eye. He’s having a steady expression but I could tell that he is a bit disappointed. I control the urge to smile; he is looking so cute getting all impatient. We reached the restaurant and the moment I got down of the car Jake jumped in front of me.
“Jeez, you scared the bejesus out of me.” I kept a hand on my chest to steady my heartbeat. He gave me a mini-heart attack.
“So, what is your answer?” he asked.
“Are you going to kill me today? Is that your today’s goal.” My heartbeat twice than normal.
“I am sorry, forget about it, we’ll talk later.” He said and looked too disappointed. He turned back and was about to leave when I shouted from behind------
“But, what if I want to go out with the person who might have plans to kill me?”
“Well maybe that guy is very lucky and I am sure he’s going to do something so special that will take your breath away…” he kissed me on my cheek and shuffled his hair.
“You’re at my work place and I have no intensions of getting fired.”I said.  He laughed and we both went inside and parted our ways to fulfill our respective duties.
“I will miss you.” he muttered before leaving.
“Me too.” I sent him a secret flying-kiss.
I went inside the kitchen and saw Emma having a fight with her apron. She was unable to tie the apron behind her back.
“Let me help you!” I said laughing.
“Please, do the honors.” She replied. I got hold of her apron strings and tied them up nice and tight.
“There you go.” I said, patting her shoulder from behind.
“Thanks a ton!” she said. “These stupid aprons are so hard to tie.”
“Oh, come on they are so cute.” I replied. They are very nice, seriously.
“Ya, okay!” she said showing zero percent interest.
“Forget about the aprons. You wanna hear something great?” I asked, gleaming with happiness.
“Always!” she said getting curious.
“Jake and I are going out tonight, for a dinner date.” I said, pumping up.
“That is great news!” she said, hugging me. “Oh, I am so happy for you!”
“I know, it is like….. I don’t know….. I am feeling magical. This feeling is awesome.”
“I understand and you deserve every bit of it.” Emma exclaimed.
“I love my life and the beautiful people in it.” I said and kissed Emma on her cheek.
“Awwww…. Honey, you are the sweetest person I have ever met.” She said.
“Thank you, thank you!” I bowed a little and she laughed.
“I guess, I should go and start working or that demon Justin is going to lecture me for an hour.” Emma said.
“Okay, I will join you within a minute.” I replied. She nodded and went outside.
Oh God, I am so happy and delighted and pleased and basically I am going insane. Note to self: relax, breathe and for God’s sake behave normal. I wore my apron and went out to work. The restaurant is not buzzing as usual but a few customers are chatting and laughing. A lady entered the restaurant and sat at a corner table.
“Excuse me, miss.” She called out and I went to her.
“Good morning, Ma’am. How may I help you?” I said in a sugar-coated tone.
“I would like to have a Risotto and a Martini please.” She replied sweetly. I noted the order in my diary but I was distracted by the lady’s dress. She is wearing a knee length dress with tight stockings and wearing high heels. She is also wearing a jacket over her dress which is giving it quite a classy look. I am also thinking to wear something like that to my date today…….
“Excuse me, that’ll be all.” The lady said, feeling uncomfortable by my icy glare.
“Sorry.” I said embarrassedly and rushed back. While going back to the kitchen I shot a glance at Jake but he was already staring. I smiled at him and looked away. I didn’t want to spoil his performance. His song was amazing, well it is always amazing.
“I gave the order to the chef and I took a Martini from the fridge. I went to the lady and gave the glass to the lady. When I was returning I saw a beautiful couples sitting—oblivious of the world, busy amongst themselves.  They were holding hands from across the table and their eyes burning into each other’s. The guy was speaking something and the girl was smiling softly. According to my lip reading power they are talking about some fat guy Smiffin, orange juice and apple pie which I am guessing is completely wrong. But the point is that when I see them I see, Jake and me. Just like them, sitting in the corner, not caring about the world and lost in each other’s eyes.
“You okay, Ash!” Emma said shaking me a little.
“I am fine!” I was talking to Emma but my eyes were glued to the couple.
“Well, it is quite obvious that you are mentally in the Ashley Land.” Emma made quote marks with her fingers.
“Look at that couple. They are looking so cute.” I said, pointing towards the couple.
“You know, we are not allowed to stalk our customers.” Emma teased me.
“Shut up, they look like they are deeply in love with each other.” I said making an awe face.
“Excuse me!” the guy called and I rushed towards him. Emma came with me too, just to watch me do something stupid or say something silly. Well, jokes on her, because I am just going to do my waitress thing.
“Hello sir and ma’am. How may I help you?” I said in a perfect waitress voice.
“I will have lasagna and my very beautiful sister will have penne pasta.” He placed their order.
SISTER?!? How the hell can they be brother and sister? They have been behaving like a typical couple. All romantic and holding hands stuff.
“Sister, she is your sister?” I asked, all though I don’t know why I did ask this question, I just blurted out.
“Is there a problem with it?” the girl asked trying not to raise her voice.
“I was just… curious. You…you don’t look similar.” I tried to cover up. Emma was trying her hardest to control her laughter still I could hear her shrieks.
“It’s okay, we have heard it before too.” The guy gave me a smile.
“I am sorry; I will just get your order.” I said, completely flushed and rushed out of there. I don’t even dare look at Emma. She followed me inside the kitchen and was laughing hysterically. Tears were coming out of her eyes. Happy tears.
“Ash, that was too good. They look so cute, so deep in love.” She said in a singing tone.
“Em shut up. They weren’t looking like brother-sister at all.” I said defending myself.
“I would agree with you but then we both will be wrong.” She said and started laughing again.
“Ha Ha Ha, very funny.” I said. Truth be told, even I am not able to control my laughter.
“Okay forget about it, tell me how is Emmet.” I changed the subject.
“He is doing great. Doctors said that we have every reason to think that he will be fit and fine one day as his tumor is first stage and can be operated. They will take the tumor out from his nose.”
“That is incredible. I am so looking forward to the day when he’ll be completely healthy.” I replied feeling great that we could help Emmet.
“The doctor also said that Emmet is happier than before and that is the main thing which is helping him recover.”
“Emma by telling this you have given me the joy no one can give.”
“I have given you joy?”
“Yes, the joy of giving. It’s this amazing feeling that comes from within and I am able to experience it because of you. I just hope and pray that Emmet fully recovers soon.” She passed me a huge smile but I could see tears forming in her eyes. She blinked them off and resumed her duty, I too started my job. From now on I am not having any mental perceptions of a girl and boy sitting together.
“I will give this to the guy who has come along with her lovely sister.” Emma teased, bringing their order.
“You should hurry up, they must be waiting.” I ignore the sarcasm in her tone and then we both laugh. I know we are crazy.
Emma she is so different from other people. Sometimes she amazes me a lot. I don’t understand how she can change her mood so quickly. She can cover her face like a mask and show the world she is the happiest person alive when from inside she would be breaking. She is such a vivacious and free-spirited girl. She is just 24 and yet so mature for her age. She takes care of her brother so nicely. Frankly, if I would have been in her place, I could have never done it. She is a big inspiration in my life and she has taught me the art of living. I really want her in my life, forever. She enters the kitchen and I am standing like a ghost in the middle of it.
“Are you okay?” she asked.
“Yes. Can I ask you something?”
“Shoot right away!”
“Before I joined this restaurant you didn’t talk to anyone then why did you choose to make friends with me?”
“Ashley, when I saw you I saw a pure heart. I have seen enough cruelty in my life that now I can judge people from just one look. All our relatives ran away when we needed their support. No one offered to help us. We needed help after all, back then, we were still kids. Then I saw you, a kind soul. I thought it would really help if I had a friend like you.” She answered.
“Thank you so much, Emma. Nobody has ever said that to me.”I hugged her tightly. So tightly that I could have squished her.






                                       CHAPTER 26
“What should I wear?” I screamed on the phone.
“Easy there, girl.” Emma replied. We have been talking from past thirty minutes, still we haven’t decided upon a dress for me to wear tonight and Jake would be here in about an hour to pick me up.
“Take a deep breath and take out the dress you like.” Emma suggested and I did the same. I have chosen five dresses and I started asking Emma about them.
“A black pencil skirt with white blouse and pencil heels?”
“You are not going as a waitress.” She replied.
Option 1 cancelled.
“A cool, light pink floral dress with noodle straps and I am going to wear wedges with it.”
“Are you nuts? It’s freezing out there.”
Option 2 also cancelled. She has canceled the next two also. She said one is way too casual and the other was looking as I have to go on a wedding.
“Emma this is my last option. If you don’t like this too, then you have to come down here and select one for me.” I was completely bummed out.
“Let us check out your choice.”
“A red colored, tight fitted, knee length dress with stockings. I will wear a black coat over it, don’t worry. And I would wear my suede sandals.”
“This one sounds good!” Emma replied, thank God.
“Done, I am going to wear this only. Why the hell didn’t I think of it before? ” I said.
“You could also wear your silver and black danglers with it. They would look great.”
“Of course I would wear them. Thanks Emma.” I said and hung up the phone.

In about forty-five minutes I am completely ready and must say I am looking lovesome. I have kept my hair loose and they are perfectly falling on my shoulders. My make-up is subtle yet noticeable. My ear rings are looking super stunning. Overall I am looking luscious. I heard the doorbell ring downstairs.
“Hey Kathy!” Jake greeted my mom.
“Hello darling!” she replied.
“Hey Jake.” I am glad dad greeted him first.
“Hello sir!” he replied.
Okay, so it is the time of my grand entrance. I am getting the feeling of my prom, it was so excited. I took a deep breath and walked graciously down the stairs. I saw my parents and my boyfriend bonding, what a sight. Jake is looking a complete heartthrob. He is wearing black jeans with red t-shirt and is wearing a black coat ever it. We are perfectly matching that to without deciding anything before-hand. I guess it is luck and destiny. He is also carrying a beautiful bouquet of red roses which I am supposing is for me. I mean, red is the color today. Jake saw me coming down and his face lit up. He had a broad smile on his face which made me skip a beat. I also flash a smile back at him. My parents follow his gaze and are awed too.
“Sweetheart you look amazing!” mom said as I stood beside Jake, who is completely frozen.
“You are looking ravishing.” Dad said showing me, thumbs up.
“Hey, Ash!” Jake finally said. His voice sends jitters to my whole body.
“Hey!” I replied, it feels awkward meeting him for a date and mom and dad staring at us.
“For you!” he said handing me over the bouquet.
“Thank you, they are beautiful!” I said, taking in their enchanting fragrance.
“Shall we leave?” Jake asked, innocently.
“Of course.” I handed over the bouquet to mom. I held his arm and we waved mom and dad goodbye. We went outside and Emma was right it is a bit chilly.
“You are looking so beautiful Ashley.” He said putting a strand of hair behind my ears.
“Thank you!” I blushed, totally caught in the moment. He kissed me on my lips very tenderly and left me breathless.
“You ready?” he asked in a very low voice.
“I am ready but where is your car?” I looked up and down on the street but there Jake’s car was not there.
“Well, I knew that you would be looking so stunning and that you will definitely distract me and I may send an old woman flying again. So, I thought it is better I don’t drive rather we walk to the place.” He replied.
“I am really flattered but what if I get tired walking?” I asked, teasingly.
“Then I will do this…..” he said and lifted me up in his arms.
“Jake, put me down.” I said embarrassedly.
“Are you sure?” he asked.
“Jake people are watching.” I said but I can’t stop smiling.
“Okay, then!” he said and placed me down. He gave me a really cute smile like he is so innocent.
“Let’s walk!” he said.
“Okay!” I replied, unable to hide the adrenaline rush I was having. My cheeks have gone red I don’t know if it is the weather or the Jake magic.
“So are you excited?” Jake said as we walked to the place.
“Very. And you know what is amazing; you and I are completely matching. Look, red and black. Seriously destiny.” I said, looking above at the sky and he started laughing really loudly.
“What happened?” I asked.
“I don’t think we should thank destiny, it’ll be better if we thanked Emma and Emmet.” He laughed again.
“Could you please be clearer?”
“Okay, so when you were discussing about your clothes with Emma I was talking to Emmet. Both of them had the phones on speaker so I was able to hear what you were saying. I heard that you were wearing red and black so I also wore red and black.” He explained. I felt like a fool looking at the sky like that.
“That is so unfair, she didn’t tell me you were listening.” I shouted.
“I told her not to tell you.” He laughed.
“Why would you do that?” I asked.
“Because I wanted to see your expressions when you see me in the same color combination. Destiny.” He replied.
“You are really bad.”
“Every girl wants a bad boy who will be good just for her.” He stopped and got all quixotic. We are standing in the middle of the road.
“Jake, I respect your feelings but it is really cold, let’s first go to the venue and then be all romantic.” I said not wanting to wait myself.
“Okay.” He said and started walking again. His arm around my waist, just like a protective boyfriend.



CHAPTER 27
I don’t believe this. The place is so beautiful. I thought I had entered some parallel universe, this place was so surreal. It is around ten minutes away from our house but I haven’t seen it before. The place is enthralling. It’s a small, lovely garden covered with fairy lights. There is a small marquee in the centre in which, a table for two was set. There was a bottle of champagne kept on the table.  The most wonderful thing is that there is no one except us. The setting is so romantic and dreamy.
“Did you like it?” he asked.
“Are you kidding, I loved it.” I replied kissing him passionately.
“I am glad you liked it.”
“How on earth did you find this place? And how come we have this place to ourselves?” I am so surprised.
“Well it is my place.”
“What?”
“Yes, it was a shabby patch of greenery but I then I turned it into a fabulous place. This place was bought by my father a long time ago, like an investment but now it is mine, sorry, ours.” He kissed me. It was all so romantic. In the background, a selection of my favorite music was being played. It was all like a dream come true.
“Jake, I am speechless. It is amazing and the most special place I have been to.” I hugged him and buried my head in his chest. The fragrance of his perfume was like a sedative for me. We started slow dancing on the tunes of ‘The Way You Look Tonight’.
“What is this vibration?” Jake asked.
“Oops sorry, it is my phone.” I took out the phone from my purse and I was surprised to see that Emma was calling me.
“It’s Emma.” I said to Jake.
“Take it!” he said and I nodded.
“Hello Em” I said.
“Ashley I know it’s not the best time to disturb you but Emmet’s health deteriorated so I have taken him to the hospital. Please can you come over here please? I am really worried.” She cried on the phone.
“Emma relax, just text me the hospital details we’ll be right there. Don’t worry Emmet would be just fine. Doctors said that he could be operated and I am sure he will be alright.” I tried to calm her.
“Please come as soon as possible, I will just text you the address.” Emma panicked.
“Okay. We will be there soon.” I said and hung up the phone.
“I am sorry Jake we have to leave now. Emmet is in the hospital and Emma is all by herself.” I was panicking too.
“Relax; we will reach there in time. Let’s hurry up.” He held my hand and we both ran towards the main road.
“Taxi!” he shouted. One taxi stopped and we hurriedly sat in it and told the driver the address of the hospital.
“Ashley, it is okay. Emmet would be fine.” Jake wrapped his arms around me.
“I don’t know Jake, a few moments ago everything was fine and now Emmet’s in the hospital.” Tears streamed down my face. I phoned my parents and asked them to reach the hospital quickly.
“Can you be a bit fast please!” Jake said.
“Don’t worry; we will reach the hospital in just ten more minutes. Every minute in the taxi was so long. I was so scared. I held Jake tightly and he strengthened his grasp too. I know he is worried himself. Emmet is his best friend, he cares for him a lot.
“Here we are!” the driver said. Jake paid him and we got out of the taxi.
“God, please don’t let anything happen to Emmet!” I prayed.
“Everything would be alright.” Jake said and we ran inside the hospital. We enquired about Emmet and we came to know he was in the I.C.U. on the fifth floor. We took a lift and went to the I.C.U. We saw Emma sitting on the floor by a pillar, weeping. Her head buried in her hands.
“Emma!” I shouted and ran towards her. Jake was coming behind me.
“Ash, Jake.” she said, standing and steadying her with the help of the pillar. I hugged her tightly and consoled her. She was constantly crying.
“It is okay Em. Emmet would be fine. Please stop crying!” I said brushing her hair.
“I am so sorry, I spoiled your evening.” She said, escaping from the hug and wiping her eyes.
“Don’t be silly Emma. Emmet is way too important to us that our evening.” Jake said, hugging Emma.
“Jake is absolutely right, Emma. You don’t have to say sorry at all just relax and tell us what happened?” I asked.
“Emmet was sitting in his wheelchair and suddenly he started coughing. He couldn’t breathe properly and his head started pounding. He was feeling fatigue and restless. It happened so fast that a freaked out. I called 911 and that is how we landed here.” She cried.
“It is okay. Everything would be fine I am sure.” Jake said. I was really worried too. I don’t want to be negative but I was freaking out too. No one, I am too close with, has been admitted in the hospital before. I don’t know what to do.
“Ashley!” mom’s voice came.
“Mom dad!” I was so happy they are here.
“Is everything okay?” mom asked. I glanced towards Emma and mom understood. Mom hugged Emma tightly.
“Everything would be fine, dear.” Dad said.
“Thank you!” she said to both of them.
“You are more than welcome sweetheart!” mom kissed her on her forehead. The doctor came out and we looked at him expectantly.
“How is Emmet?” Emma asked.
“He is stable now. The fatigueless, coughing and headache were symptoms that his tumor was advancing. We have to operate him as soon as possible.” The doctor said.
“Then what are you waiting for?” Emma asked, agitated.
“It’s not that simple. There are some formalities and you have to pay half of the payment in advance.” The doctor said and went away.
“What am I gonna do?” Emma cried, losing all hopes. “I didn’t carry enough money in hurry.”
“Honey, you don’t have to worry about the money, I will pay the bills.” Dad volunteered.
“And I will take care of the formalities!” Jake chimed in.
“No…. Ashley is already giving all her money to us...” Emma said feeling a bit embarrassed.
“Emma we are not asking you, we are telling you. Emmet is like a brother to me too. You don’t have to feel shy at all. You are my sister okay and I have full rights to help you!” I said.
“Thank you so much. I don’t think I could ever return your favors.” Emma cried.
“You don’t have too!” Jake hugged her.
“I think we should rush to the reception.” Dad said, looking at Jake. He nodded and both of them started walking towards the lift.
“Wait! I‘ll join you.” I said, catching up with them.
“I guess Emma needs you!” Jake said and dad nodded in agreement.
“Mom is there with her. They would be fine.”  I said. Jake and dad nodded and we started to walk towards the lift.

















CHAPTER 28
“Dad thank you so much. It means a lot to me.” I was touched by dad’s gesture. He is such a good human being. He has a heart of gold.
“Come on Ashley, I would do anything for you and your friends.”
“But dad it’s really expensive.”
“I don’t think it is more worth than Emma and Emmet’s happiness and yours too.” He said. I hugged him hard. He is such a great dad. I mean I am literally blessed. Next, I went to Jake who was sitting on the sofa in the reception area.
“Hey!” I said.
“Hey!” he replied, completely engrossed in the paperwork.
“Shall I help you?” I asked.
“Nope, almost done.” He replied.
“Well I am so sorry the evening got all spoiled.”
“Come on, Ash. I really believe that Emmet is much more important to me.”
“I love you so much.”
“I love you too babe.” He kissed me softly.
“All the paperwork’s done!” he said and went over to the reception to hand them over. I went along with him.
“Sir, you have filled in the wrong date.” The receptionist said in a humble voice.
“Oh sorry, it is 21st Jan not 20th. I am sorry, silly me.” Jake said, banging his head.
SHITTTTTTTT!!!
Two days from now it is Jake’s birthday. I completely forgot. I planned nothing for his birthday. No gifts, no surprises, no nothing!!!! I am the worst girlfriend ever. And for starters….
1)I want to kill his sister and vice-versa.
2)I ruined his surprise party.
3)I have nothing planned for his birthday.
“You fine honey?” Jake shook me and I got back from my daydreams.
“Yes!” I lied, hiding the fact that I am feeling terrible. I don’t think I could do anything about Jake’s birthday considering that Emmet could be in the hospital for a week.
“Let us go kiddos.” Dad said, coming towards us. At the same time Jake’s phone rang.
“I have to take this. You guys leave I will join you.” He said and went outside to talk.
“Dad you go, I will come with Jake.” I said.
“As you say but hurry up Emmet’s operation will begin soon.” Dad replied and left for the lift. I waited for Jake for sometime but then when he didn’t return I went outside too. I saw Jake in the garden. He was still on his phone and seemed quite furious. Suddenly, he threw the phone away in anguish. What the hell. Is this Jake?
“Jake, is everything alright?” I rushed towards him.
“I am fine Ashley, you go I will join you later.” He said rudely.
“Jake you can talk to me.”
“Ashley, it is okay. For God sakes just leave me alone and get the hell out of here.” He shouted at me. I have never seen him this angry. There must be something really wrong but that doesn’t mean he can shout on me. I am already so tensed up because of Emmet. I was just trying to help him. He was really mean and rude; I’d never expected Jake to talk like that with me. Tears formed in my eyes, I know I am being a bit unreasonable but everyone knows I am a bit sensitive. I was really hurt. I turned away to leave but Jake held my arm and hugged me from behind.
“I am really sorry, Ashley.” He said.
“Leave me Jake.” I ignored his apology.
“I didn’t mean to be so harsh. Please forgive me. I am so so so sorry.”
“It is okay Jake, now please leave me I have to go.” I replied angrily.
“What should I do to make it up to you for this huge mistake I have committed?” he asked coming in front of me and looking me into my eyes.
“I was just trying to help you Jake. You seemed quite mad and I wanted to calm you down.” I cried.
“I know, I am sorry baby.” He hugged me and wiped my tears. “I just reacted without thinking what I was saying.”
“Would you now tell me what happened?” I asked.
“I told you about the wedding at which I was going to play, well the bride and groom called it off. They said they were not fit for each other. So, I am not playing at The Plaza.”
“Jake it is okay. You will get many more opportunities to show your talent.”
“I don’t know Ashley. I am 25 and yet haven’t got one big break. I am thinking of having a family and I still don’t have a house of my own. I thought I chose the wrong profession.” He said completely heartbroken.
“No Jake, you are a wonderful singer and I love your voice. There are setbacks in every profession you cannot lose your heart. And so what if you don’t have your own house, you can always rent one and living with your parents is nothing to feel ashamed about.”
“I know that but rent do you know my mom?” he joked and I laughed.
“Rachel loves you both like anything. I think we are the luckiest kids in Manhattan.”
“Absolutely.”
“I hope you are fine now?” I asked.
“Ya, thank you Ash and I am sorry.” He said.
“You are forgiven. Now let’s go Emmet’s surgery would be started.” I said. He nodded and we both went up to the fifth floor. When we reached the fifth floor we saw Emmet being taken to the operation theatre. We both too hastened towards the OT.
“It is a long surgery you have to be patient. We assure you we will try our best.” Said the doctor who was assisting in the surgery, some Dr. Smith. He looked quite young to perform the surgery.
“Please doctor I want my brother fit and fine.” Emma said.
“Don’t worry, chances of a successful operation are more.” He said. I held Emma tightly as the doctor went inside the operation theatre.
“Everything will be okay! I said.
“I hope so too.” she crossed her fingers.
“It’s really late and we haven’t had anything to eat. It would be better if we went to the canteen and have something to eat.” Mom suggested. We all agreed but Jake decided to stay back. I know he still upset by the wedding being called off. He really wanted to sing at The Plaza.

“What do you want to have Emma?” mom asked. We are all sitting at the canteen and placing our order.
“A cappuccino would do for me.” she replied. Dad went and placed our order.
“Kathy thank you so much for being there for me and my brother. I am so grateful to you all.” Emma said.
“Darling you don’t need to thank us. We are glad we could help.” Mom replied.
“But, you’ve to promise that you’ll take the money back which you have spent on us.” Emma said. Mom didn’t know what to say so she looked at me. “No please Kathy. If you don’t take the money I will feel very small.” Emma said, bringing her thumb and first finger very near to each other.
“Okay, but there is no hurry!” Mom didn’t argue. I mouthed thank you to mom and she smiled at me.
“Here are the coffees.” Dad said, holding a tray of coffee and in a corner was mom’s sandwich. I grabbed two cups of coffee and headed towards the foyer, where Jake was waiting.
“Where are going?” mom asked from behind.
“I am going to spend some time with Jake.” I know he needed someone now.











CHAPTER 29
“Jake!” I said, waking him up. “You slept?” I asked and laughed.
“I am sorry, I don’t know how I…..” he rubbed his eyes.
“It’s okay.” I said, shuffling his hair. “Have this coffee, it’ll help.”
“Thanks.” He said, taking the coffee from me.
“You feeling okay now?” I asked.
“Yes a lot better.” He replied. We both sat in silence and drank our coffees.
“You look really tired; I think you should go home and have some rest.” I was really concerned about him.
“No I am okay.”
“You sure?”
“Ya.” He replied, a little agitated and then sipped his coffee. I know he is really tired but is concerned about Emmet that is why he is staying here. It is better I don’t say anything at all to him, right now. His irritation is justified. It was a tough day for Jake. It was a lot to take in for him today. I turned away and drank my coffee.
“I am sorry I know I am getting all cranky pants.” He apologized.
“Jake no need to say sorry, I understand it’s a tough time.” I said.
“I love you!”
“I love you too.” I replied. We held hands and waited for the doctor to come out. Emma, mom and dad came after sometime and anxiously waited for Emmet to be alright.
“Jeez, it is taking ages for the doctor to come out.” Emma said, restlessly.
“Relax darling!” mom said.
“Yes Emma doctors are trying their best in there.” I pointed towards the OT.
I hate hospitals. I mean I don’t hate them but I don’t like them very much. Hospitals are a big irony in themselves. Here every minute a new life enters this world and in the same minute someone’s life is ending. I mean how can births and deaths take place in the same building? So many negative vibes for the small cute munchkins. Hospitals are creepy places and I don’t like coming to one.
“Ashley are you okay?” Dad asked brushing my hair with her fingers. I nodded and smiled. Finally, the doctor came out.
“How’s Emmet?” Emma leaped to her feat. All our heartbeat rates were more than double.
“He is alright. The tumor is out of his body. The operation was successful. But the next few hours we have to keep him under observation, they are quite crucial.” Dr. Smith smiled.
“Thank you, thank you so much Dr. Smith. You are so adorable.” Emma said and hugged him. WHAT?????? Emma hugged a doctor. We all were trying hard not to gawk. She finally composed herself and set the doctor free.
“I am sorry. It’s just that I am really happy.” Emma replied.
“Its okay, happens.” The doctor patted her shoulder.
“Can we go inside and meet Emmet?” I asked, getting excited myself.
“Not now, he is resting. You can see him in an hour or so.” Dr. Smith said. “Now please excuse me.”
“Thank you doc.” Jake said and Dr. Smith nodded and went.
“Emma!” I said and hugged her very tightly.
“We are all so glad, Emma.” Jake said.
“I can’t wait to meet Emmet!” Emma jumped up and down with joy. I am so happy for Emma. She deserves all this happiness. I have never seen her dancing like this before. We all were enjoying watching her. She has had her share of sorrow now its turn for her to be happy and enjoy life.

After an hour, we all are standing in Emmet’s room. We had to beg the nurse to let us all in. She permitted us but said we cannot stress Emmet, which of course we won’t.
“Thank you so much for being here.” Emmet said to all of us.
“We are really glad that you are fine now.” Dad exclaimed.
“We are surely gonna celebrate this.” Jake said, doing a little party dance and all of us laugh. He can make a complete fool of himself just to see his dear ones laughing.
“You should go out now and only one person should stay.” The nurse said.
“I think Emma should stay and we should all wait outside.” Mom said and we all agreed. We waved Emma and Emmet bye and then came out of the room.
“Mom, dad I think you should go now. It is almost morning and you guys are really tired. You should get some rest.” I said.
“But honey, what about you and Jake?” mom asked.
“Kathy we’ll be okay.” Jake replied. “Don’t worry I will take good care of Ashley.”
“That we know darling.” Mom said and Jake smiled. “Okay then we will leave but keep us updated.”
“Of course.” I said. “I’ll see you off.” I went outside the hospital to drop off mom and dad.
“Thank you so much mom and dad.” I said.
“It is okay sweetheart.” Dad said.
“I love you both. Bye.” I said.
“Bye honey!” both of them sang. They sat inside the car and rode off. I was returning when I saw the garden again, where Jake smashed his phone. I went inside and wait a minute. What did he said here a while ago. I want to have a family. I didn’t notice that part of his speech before. Oh God! I could feel butterflies in my stomach. Well, the whole zoo at this time. Why didn’t I hear him carefully? But then I thought of all the beautiful moments of love we have shared. But we have not been together for even a month. What did he mean when he said ‘family’? It is such an enigma, what to do? But when it’s right it’s right, you just know. I looked around the garden once again. It was very beautiful.
“Yes!” I screamed with joy. I am not such a bad girlfriend after all. I composed myself and went up where Emmet’s room was.
“Where were you?” Jake asked.
“Just seeing off mom and dad.” I said casually even though there were firecrackers bursting in my stomach.
“Is everything fine?” he asked.
“Absolutely.” I replied and he smiled. I didn’t know if I was doing the right thing.

After sometime we both also went inside Emmet’s room.
“I hope we are not disturbing?” I asked before entering the room.
“Not at all, come in.” Emma said.
“How are you feeling Emmet?” Jake asked, yawning and we all laughed.
“I am fine but I think you need to get some rest.” Emmet gagged.
“Emmet is absolutely right, it’s 6:00 am and you have been awake the whole night.” Emma said.
“We are fine Emma and even you haven’t slept at all last night.” I said nudging her.
“I think you both should go and have something to eat, I will stay here with Emmet.” Jake said pointing towards me and Emma.
“That would be perfect!” I said and grabbed Emma’s wrist and dragged her towards the door. “You guys have fun!” I said before slamming the door shut.
“What is wrong with you?” Emma asked, rubbing her wrist.
“I am sorry, I got too excited.”
“To stand here.” She snapped.
“No silly, I really have to talk to you. Just come with me.”
“Where?” she asked.
“Just come!” I took her to the hospital’s garden and told her about everything.
“Do you think I am doing the right thing?” I asked. My stomach was in knots.
“You both look so nice together and we have seen love in your eyes. We have seen how happy you make each other. Your face glows up just by his presence and his too. But no one can be more right to make this decision than you.”
“I know but I am confused. What if Jake doesn’t love me and thinks of it as just goofing around?” I know I am being unreasonable.
“I am shocked that you said that. But to clarify that too I have a secret.”
“What secret!”
“Jake once told Emmet that he has a crush on you from high school!”
“What??? I didn’t know that. He seemed too shy and he was an introvert. Back then I didn’t have a clue that he had a crush on me.” I was shell-shocked. He liked me in high school, we rarely used to talk.
“So what do you think now?”
“I’ll go ahead as planned.”
“You sure?” she teased.
“I am sure. It’ll be his best birthday.”
“Have you asked your parents yet?” she asked.
“You caught me, but don’t worry I know they’ll agree and I will talk to them today itself!”
“Way to go, girl!” Emma hugged me.
“Thank you!” I replied.
“Now can we go and have something, I am starving.”
“We will eat but first you have to talk to Dr. Smith.” I said. “The same doctor you hugged.” I teased her.
“Haven’t I embarrassed myself enough?” she asked, getting a bit upset.
“Okay, okay I am sorry, but tell me honestly do you like him?” I tickled her a little.
“Yes….. he is cute and sweet and he saved my brother’s life.” she blushed.
“Someone is blushing!” I sang.
“Stop it or else talk to Smith yourself.”
“Sorry, sorry but please talk to him. We need permission to use this garden.
“Okay, let’s suck up to Dr. Smith.” She said and we high-fived. We went inside the hospital and started looking for Dr. Smith.  We found him near the reception talking to someone. As soon as he got free we caught him.
“Hello girls.” He greeted us.
“Hello Dr. Smith.” Emma said and I just smiled.
“Can I do something for you?” he asked politely.
“No…… yes…no….I mean yes!” Emma fumbled. Dr, Smith got utterly confused and raised his eyebrows.
“I mean first of all I am really thankful to you for saving my brother’s life.”
“That is my job.” He shrugged and smiled.
“And I am sorry for the hug fiasco.” She said and I giggled, Emma elbowed me in the stomach.
“It is okay, forgiven and forgotten.”
“You look really young to be a doctor!” Emma started the conversation.
“Well everyone says that but I am 28, not so young!” he winked.
“You’ve maintained yourself well.” I chimed in.
“Dr. Smith we wanted a favor from you. Actually there is a garden in your hospital, quite discreet. We wanted to organize….something over there. We promise we won’t disturb any patient, just some decorations that’s it.” Emma explained.
“Well it’s a hospital!” he replied.
“We know, please try and understand. We won’t make cause any problem. Please help us.” Emma said.
“Well I have to talk to some senior authorities.” He replied.
“Please doctor. We will really be thankful to you. It’s just that we cannot do anything special without Emmet.” I made pretty-please face.
“I understand but I still have to ask my seniors. I will try my best to convince them only on one condition, no patient should have a slightest of a problem.” He said in a strict voice. It didn’t suit him though.
“Promise.” We both said together.
“I’ll meet you both, in an hour, over here only and then I will tell you their decision.” He said and smile.
“Thank you so much!” We both said in unison and he smiled.
“Oh God, I can’t wait!” I said excitedly.
“Don’t get your hopes too high.” Emma the realist said.
“You are right. Ashley keep calm.” I said and took a deep breath.
“Ashley now if you don’t let me eat anything I will kill you!” Emma said.
“Okay let’s go.” I said dragging Emma to the canteen.                                                       We have ordered two bagels and we are waiting for them. I am also feeling really hungry and if our order didn’t come within a minute I will rip the heads of those bloody chefs.
“2 bagels!” the girl at the counter shouted. Thank God. I hurriedly went and grabbed our bagels.
“Thank you so much!” I flashed a smile at her and strolled back to our table.
“Ah!” Emma exclaimed at the sight of food. We ate in silence well we pigged out. We were starving.  Jake must be hungry too but we are not allowed to take food inside the room. He should eat something or else he will fall sick and he cannot fall sick until his birthday. He has to be perfect just as always. I am going to make it a fabulous day for him full of surprises. I love him and want everything to be as special as it could be.
“Were you eating everything that was available in the canteen?” Jake taunted as we rejoined the guys.
“Shut up, we were just hanging out.” I lied.
“I hope you guys had fun?” Emma asked, changing the topic.
“Absolutely, Jake sang all his latest songs and they all were really amazing. He is a total rockstar.” Emmet showed a thumbs up.
“When are we gonna get the privilege to hear them?” Emma asked.
“Soon!” he replied. We all were chatting and laughing as a nurse entered the room.
“Mr. Emmet, how are you feeling?”
“Good!” he replied.
“As it is 22 Jan today and so will be required to stay here till 25 Jan.” she said and a smile came on my face.
“Okay.” Emmet replied. “No problems.”  I looked at Emma and she gave me a hidden thumbs up. The only task left now is to convince mom and dad. I have only one day to organize everything. I can do it. Please let the doctors allow us to have the place.
“I think I should head home.” I announced.
“Why?” Jake asked.
“Actually I am really tired. I want some rest my body is paining.” I lied.
“No problems Ashley!” Emma replied.
“Shall I drop you?” Jake asked.
“No I think I’ll manage but you take care of yourself and please have something to eat.” I said. He smiled and nodded.
“I’ll see you off.” Emma said.
“Bye guys, see you in some time.” I said and we left the room.
“So you have to meet Dr. Smith and then text me their decision.” I said in bossy tone.
“Okay captain.” Emma saluted me and we both laughed. The doctors standing nearby shushed us.
“Sorry!” we said in a low voice.
“Bye, take care!” I said and went out of the hospital building.



CHAPTER 30
“So what do you think?” I reached half an hour ago and discussed my plan with mom and dad.
“Sweetie, you are just 25, you don’t have a permanent job and you are not settled yet.” Dad replied.
“I am not running away, dad.” I protested.
“Honey I am really happy that you are mature enough but don’t you think you are going too far?”
“Mom and dad you both are the most important people in my life. I want that wherever I go, whatever I do, if I look back I want you both standing there for me inspiring me. I know you are concerned about me but I am a big girl now. I have to leave your hand to stand on my feet. I love Jake. He is really dear to me. I can’t live a day without him and I want you both to support us. Please mom and dad.” I buttered them up.
“Are you sure?” dad asked.
“Couldn’t be more.” I replied.
“We are there for you sweetheart.” Mom said and smiled.
“You are making the right decision.” Dad said too and I was feeling out of the world. They agreed, oh my god. I am so happpyyyy.
“Thank you, thank you thank u sooooo muchhh.” I hugged my parents’ tightly.
“Mom and dad you know what you have to do?”
“We know darling and we will do it.”  Mom and dad both replied.
“Well this calls for a celebration!” I exclaimed with joy and bought a bottle of wine and three glasses from the kitchen.
“Cheers!” We three clinked our glasses and sipped the wine. We were drinking wine when my phone beeped.
We got the place!!!!! XOXOXO
EM.
“Oh my God….” I screamed with joy as soon as I read the message.
“What?” dad asked.
“We got the place and we’ll have a party!” I sang and I danced. Everything’s going perfectly.  Note to self: whenever I have got too excited something or the other goes wrong so just relax.
Thanx Emma. You are a rockstar. Love you loads.
Ash.
I texted her back.
“Mom and dad I am going over Jake’s to invite them all to the party.” I said.
“We can invite them on the phone.” Mom suggested.
“No mom that would seem really impersonal. Jake’s family means a lot to him I don’t want them to feel left out.” I said.
“Okay then but please be precise no need to go in details. I don’t want you returning in tears again.” Mom said.
“I will be okay mom. I promise.” I said but I wasn’t sure myself. I went outside and started walking to Jake’s house. Many thoughts occupied my mind. What if they don’t agree? Rachel and Jon are really nice and I don’t think they would be anything but happy. The problem is Becky. What if she overreacted, like always? I am doing something good so I shouldn’t have any negative thoughts. I reached their house and rang the bell.
“Hello Ash!” Rachel greeted me.
“Hi Rachel.” I smiled.
“Come inside.” She said and I followed her in. My childhood was spent in this lobby but still I felt uncomfortable.
“I am so sorry for what happened the other day.” She said.
“It is okay.” I said.
“Becky is not here.” She said. I am so relieved. I feel light like a feather.
“Actually I came here to invite you all. I have decided to throw a small surprise party for Jake. I would really love if you all came and I know he would too.”
“That is so nice of you, Ash. We would surely come.”
“Please ask Becky to come too, for her brother.” I requested.
“Of course, sweetie.” She said. “You are a gem. After what Becky did, you still care for her. I am so happy Jake has such a beautiful, smart and the most caring girlfriend.” She said and I blushed so much. She started crying after praising me. Oh God not again.
“Thank you Rachel.” I said and hugged her as I didn’t know what else to do.
“You are welcome.”
“I think I should leave, I have a lot of work to do.” I said.
“Okay, thank you so much for inviting us, we four will be surely there.”
“Four?”
“Joey too, is that fine?” she asked.
“Of course.” I said and hugged her (again) goodbye. I left their house and took a sigh of relief. The toughest part is over and I was glowing all over. My party is going to be a big hit. I strolled towards my house full of zeal and excitement. Tomorrow is going to be the best day of my life. I reached my home and hurriedly dialed Emma’s number.
“Hey Emma.” I said.
“Hey.”
“I invited Jake’s family. I am so relieved.”
“Good, now only the table is left and of course your surprise.” She replied.
“What to do about the table?” I asked, I have no clue of event management.
“I will take care of it. You worry only about your surprise.”
“I love you. Emma you are my bestest buddy.”
“Same here darling.” She said.
“I will talk to you later. Just don’t let Jake get even a single hint.” I said and kept the phone aside.
“Ashley come here for a moment.” Dad called me to his bedroom. I went inside and both of them were sitting there and there was a broad smile on their faces.
“Check this out!” mom said
“Oh My God! It is beautiful. I mean exactly what I wanted. Thank you so much I love it. You guys rock.” I said, overwhelmed.
“My choice.” Dad flaunted.
“Your choice is the best honey!” Now it was mom’s turn to show off.
“You both are the best.” I said and planted a kiss on both of their cheeks.

I don’t believe this, everything is done. It is 9:00 at night and we are completely prepared for tomorrow. Let us check:
1.Emma has ordered a very nice table and a beautiful table cloth. Dr. Smith helped too.
2.My parents have done their work, perfectly.
3.Jake doesn’t even have the slightest of a hint that we are organizing a surprise for him.
4.All the people have been invited.
Jake (of course)
Me (of course)
Emma (nothing would have been possible without her)
Emmet (well we found a beautiful garden as he was admitted in the hospital)
Kathy and Henry (they gave me birth)
Jon and Rachel (they gave Jake birth)
Rebecca and Parker (well, unfortunate guests)
Dr. Smith (He got us the place and he is really cute, no offence.)


Everything is done and finalized. I am going crazy with excitement. It’s gonna be a hunky-dory party. Jake is going to be 27. I am so happy. I am feeling so electrifying. It’s like everything I have ever wanted is with me. Sometimes life can be a mess, a full puzzle but you know what the secret is, ‘Hang in there and you will come out stronger’. If life is a plain road then what s the fun of living? Every one of us curses life for giving us hardships but those hardships make us who we are. I have learnt one thing very well; nothing is permanent in life except change. Sometimes change maybe not what we want but it is what we need. My life changed when Jake, Emma and Emmet came into my life. I have never been happier in my entire life. Life is not merely the breaths you take; life is the moments that take your breath away. Have faith in God and everyday the sun will be brighter and you will be happier. I love my life and I love the thousand priceless moments life is filled with. I closed my eyes and smiled as everything got better and beautiful.

Finally it is 24 January and I have gone insane. It is 7:00 in the morning and I am already up, as if a slept at all last night. I was so thrilled. I woke up my parents too.
“Ashley, the party is at night, could you be a little less perky.” Mom said, yawning.
“Come on mom don’t be a spoil support.” I said.
“Honey I know you are a bit jaunty today and there is an adrenaline rush but your mother is right. The party is twelve hours later. Calm yourself.” Dad said.
“Okay I know I am going wild so I am going for a walk to bring my hyper activeness to a rest.” I said and walked out of the house. I really don’t want to walk I want to scream loudly to the world that I am on the cloud nine. I started running around the block and I am smiling at total strangers. I ran for an hour and then I couldn’t feel my legs nor could I breathe. I walked to my house and I could feel my energy levels coming in control. I feel a bit relaxed. It is 8: 20 and I have not wished Jake yet. And I have planned I won’t wish him so he thinks I don’t remember his special day and then BOOM… the surprise. Actually it was Emma’s idea. I am continuously in touch with her through the phone. Jake reached there early and since then he is making both of them laugh. Even Emma and Emmet didn’t wish him.
I am so happy yet so nervous and a part of me is so excited that it wants to hug Jake and wish him Happy Birthday, but I control her deep desire. I have not done something this huge in my entire life and I am quite excited I am doing it now. Everyone should experience everything in life, that’s the fun part of it. Everyone else too is super excited, especially Emma and Emmet. I want everything to go perfectly. Fingers Crossed.

                                               CHAPTER 31
“Honey, can you get me a banana muffin?” I asked, innocently, to Jake.
“Sure.” He said and went to the counter. I am at the hospital’s canteen with Jake so that all the invited people could work in the garden. Except his family no one has wished me. They are setting the place for my big surprise. To be honest I am getting cold feet. I am so scared that I may fumble and the biggest fear is Jake’s reaction……
“Here you go!” Jake said, bringing my muffin. I was just about to take a bite of my muffin when Jake interrupted.
“Aren’t you forgetting something?” Jake asked.
OH GOD!!!!
“My…. my hands are clean.” I said, acting innocent. He smiled but I could see his disappointment. He looked away and I felt a pang of guilt. He spent the whole day without getting anyone’s wishes except his family but I am sure the surprise would be worth the wait.  My phone beeped. It was Emma’s message.
All ready, come fast. Everyone is super excited.
Em.
“Okay let’s go!” I screamed.
“What? You didn’t even finish your muffin.” Jake looked really perplexed.
“I mean…….. I am feeling……kind of suffocating and un…uneasy. What say we go out and have a walk?” I said, feeling my stomach with one hand and the other crossed behind my back.
“Ohhkkaay.” He looked really puzzled and confused. We got up and started walking. We kept on walking and walking and the garden came nearer and nearer. My heart was thumping against my chest. I could hear my heartbeat loud and clear. I have turned pale and oh my god …. My throat feels dry and I feel a bit dizzy.
“You okay?” he asked, looking worried and concerned.
“Yes, Ummmm…. Let’s go over there.” I said pointing towards the garden.  He nodded and we turned our way towards the garden.
This is the moment.
We entered the garden and everything was just as planned. All were hiding and there was this table set up in the middle with candles and rose petals. There was a banner of ‘Happy Birthday!’ taped around the table.
“Happy Birthday, Jake.” I hugged him from behind. He was shocked. His expressions were as if he’ll explode with happiness.
“I don’t believe this. It is amazing. I love it and I love you!” he kissed me and I kissed him back.
“Wait there is more. Close your eyes.” I said in a duende voice.
“Come on.” He protested.
“Please, for me.” I made a cute kitty face and he fell for it and closed his eyes. I took a deep breath smiled.
“Open your eyes.” I said, in a wobbly voice. When he opened his eyes he didn’t see me standing there in front of him. He slowly looked down and there I was on my one knee.
“Mr. Jake Brandon. You are the most amazing person I have met in my whole life. You are just perfect, everything about you is just so alluring so charismatic so pizzazz. The way you make me laugh, the way you behave so witty and funny, the way you look, the way you care for me, the way you excel at being you. I have never met anyone in my life about him I am this crazy. I love you more than anything in this whole world. I love the sound of your voice, I love your hair, I love your smile, I love your eyes but most importantly I love you.” I said and took out the ring mom and dad gave me that day and then continued, “So Jake will you marry me?” Jake didn’t say anything but got down to his one knee too. He still didn’t utter a single word but took out his phone. I heard something breaking inside me. I was hurt really hurt. I was near to tears when my phone started ringing.
It was him. It was Jake. He got a new phone?
“Hello!” I answered the phone.
“Hey Ash do you remember you once said that f I ever need a relationship advice, you’ll be there?” he asked.
“Yes I do!” I smiled and tears came too, what an irony.
“Well, there is this girl who just proposed me. She is on her one knee and she is weeping.” He wiped my tears graciously with his fingers and then continued, “She has a ring too and I love her, can you tell me what should I do?”
“Well I think you should say yes, wear the ring because I’m pretty sure her knees are aching.” I said with both a smile and lots of tears. Jake smiled and kept the phone aside and so did I.
“So?” I asked.
“I love you and I will be happy to live my forever with you.” He said and gave his right hand to me. I placed the ring lithely on his ring finger.
“It is beautiful, thank you so much.” He embraced me tightly and I was still crying I don’t know why. I guess the moment was really flattering and overwhelming.
“Why are you crying?” he asked wiping my tears once again.
“I don’t know.” I replied, honestly.
“Well this may help.” He slowly brought his lips near mine and kissed me passionately. I nearly tripped off but it did help. All of a sudden the people in hiding shouted, “CONGRATULATIONS!!!”
“Heyyy!” Jake said a bit embarrassed but he was more surprised.
“HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAKE!” Everyone shouted.
“Thank you, I am so glad you all are here.” Jake said.
“It was all Ash’s idea.” Emmet said. Jake went to him and came to the level of his wheelchair and hugged him, I too hugged Emma tightly.
“Thank you it was all possible because of you guys!” I said and hugged Emmet too.
“We just helped it is your love for each other that we are all over here.” Emma said, “Now go meet your parents they are so happy.” She said. We first went to Rachel and Jon.
“Congratulations son!” Rachel said with tears, this time they are justified.
“Thanks mom.” He replied and hugged her.
“Hey buddy, we are so happy!” Jon said and hugged him.
“Ashley, love, welcome to the family.” Rachel and Jon said together.
“Thank you! I am so lucky to be a part of your family!” I replied and hugged Rachel and then Jon. After that we went to my parents.
“Ash, you were so good!” mom said and squeezed my shoulder a bit.
“We are really proud of you!” dad said and side-hugged me.
“Jake, Happy Birthday Son!” mom said.
“Wish you all the happiness.” Dad continued her sentence.
“Thank you. I promise I will always be there with Ashley. Your daughter is in safe hands.
“We know that.” Dad said and hugged him. OH MY GOD! This day is really amazing. Next we went to Rebecca and Joey. Tough part.
“Happy Birthday and congratulation, bro!” Jake hugged his sister.
“Congratulations buddy!” Joey said and patted his shoulder.
“Thank you!” Jake replied. In the mean time I went to Dr. Smith who was feeling a little left out.
“Thank you so much Dr. It was possible all because of you.” I thanked him.
“No problems at all. By the way, your speech was really good. I am happy I was a part of this surprise.” He winked.
“Thank you so much.” I replied.
“Sorry to cut in, but can I talk to Ashley for a sec?” The familiar voice of Beck came.
“Sure.” Dr. Smith said and left us alone.
“I am so sorry, Ashley.”
“For what?”
“For being so rude to you and for putting all the blame on you. I am really sorry.”
“Becky, it’s all the past. You’ll always be my friend.”
“I was a bit jealous of Emma and I didn’t want to lose you but I acted like a jerk and spoiled our friendship.” She felt sorry now.
“Becky, whatever you did I will forget and forgive that but we can never be the same. I appreciate you coming here and justifying yourself but I have moved on.”
“But, we were soulsisters.” She said.
“We were Beck not know. Soulsisters don’t leave like you did, no offense though. My best friend is Emma for eternity and whatever happens I am sure she’ll be there for me and I will be there for her.” I replied.
“Well atleast we can be friends?” she said.
“Of course!” I said and hugged her. We said goodbye and I rushed to Emma.
“I am so happy everything turned out to be great!” I hugged her.
“I know it was amazing.” She replied.
“Today, I want to make a declaration!” I announced.
“What?” she seemed really interested.
“You will be my maid-of-honor on my wedding. You’ll be the Godmother of my children and you and I will always be there for each other.”
“Of course.” She said and hugged me.
“What’s going on?” Emmet asked, as Emmet and Jake joined us.
“Just talking.” Emma replied.
“Emmet, I hope you are feeling alright?” I asked, I didn’t want to him to exert himself.
“Of course I am alright and after listening to your speech and I am really fine.”
“Thank you!” I hugged him.
“Well ladies and gentleman, I declare Emmet as my best man.” Jake announced to all of us.
“Thanks buddy.” Emmet punched him lightly on the shoulder.
“Now, if you all excuse me, I would like to take my brand new and beautiful fiancé for a ride.” Jake announced loudly.
“Sure!” Rachel said and we both eloped.



CHAPTER 32
“So did you like the surprise?” I asked Jake as we strolled in the same garden, Jake is going to own soon.
“I loved it. It was the most grand and amazing proposal.” He said, putting an arm around my shoulders
“I am glad you loved it, I was really terrified.”
“Why?”
“What if I had chickened out?”
“The good news is that you didn’t. I loved your speech.”
“Thank you.”
“Ashley.” We both stopped and looked at each other. “You are so special to me and I love you with all my heart and I promise I would never let you down and I would never leave you alone. You are my life, my everything. I can’t stand living without you even for a single day.” I was so happy to hear all that. I kissed him tenderly on his lips and then on his cheeks.
“I love you, Jake.”
“I love you too.” he hugged me tightly. Everything was perfect in that moment and like cherry on the cake, tiny droplets of water landed on us and slowly it turned into a heavy rainfall.
“Would you like to dance?” He asked, bringing forward his right hand “Sure!” I said, taking his hand. And to the beats of the raindrops we danced our hearts out and in that very moment we were INFINITE……
EPILOGUE
FOUR YEARS LATER………

“Good morning, darling.” Jake greeted me sleepily and stretched himself.
“Good morning, Mom!” Adam, our son wished me.
“Good morning Jake, morning Adam.” I kissed them both on their foreheads.
Jake and I have been married for four years now. We had our first lovely baby after a year of our marriage. And now I am nine months pregnant with our second child. It’s been such a wonderful journey. These four years have been way too special for Jake and me. We got married four months after I proposed and since then our new lives begun. We bought our first house before Luke was born and it is beautiful. I love it. Now, Jake doesn’t play at any restaurant but all over the world. I, now, work in Emmet’s restaurant which is rated five stars for two years straight.  Emma works there too with me. I love my job, my husband, my son, my unborn baby, my friends, my life.
“Mom is everyone coming?” Adam asked.
“Yes honey!” I replied.
“Jake get ready quickly, all of them would be here soon.” I shouted.
“Will be just out!” he replied.
Now, Emma married Dr. Smith. It came as a surprise to all of us but they were really in love with each other. Emmet married Lilly she also works at the restaurant with us. Till now too we four, well six are best friends and will remain friends for life.
“Hello guys!” Emma and Smith entered.
“Hello.” I replied and hugged both of them.
“Aunt Emma!” Adam shouted excitedly and leaped into her arms.
“Hi, my baby.” She hugged Adam tightly.
“Where is Emmet and Lilly?” I asked, hugging both of them.
“They are on their way.” Emma replied.
“Where is Jake?” Smith asked.
“He is just coming. You guys grab a seat and I will bring something to drink and eat.”  I said.
“You sit, I’ll do it. Take care of yourself, for God’s sakes.” Emma scolded me.
“I am fine.” I replied.
“Hello everyone.” Jake said coming out of our room. He hugged Emma and Smith. Emmet and Lilly also came, perfect timing.
“Hello everybody!” They said.
“Hello!” we all sang back.
“Aunt Lilly!” Adam ran towards her too and she wrapped him in a huge hug. Adam really like both his aunts.
“We are all together at last!” I said. “You guys sit and I’ll bring something and then sit myself.”
“I’ll help you!” Lilly joined me.
“I’ll come too then.” Emma chipped in. The guys settled themselves in the sitting area in the lobby.
“I love your kitchen!” Emma said.
“It’s beautiful.” Lilly agreed.
“Thank you.” I replied.
“What you’ve got?” Emma asked.
“Diet soda!” I replied and saw Emma and Lilly’s horrified expressions.
“What? I am not allowed to drink and no cocktails with Adam around.” I explained.
“Okay we will manage.” Lilly said.
“Not even beer?” Emma asked.
“Last time Adam insisted to drink beer when he saw Jake drinking it. So we’ve stopped bringing beers too.” I answered.
“Okay, let’s go.” Emma said and we three went outside to the sitting area.
“Ouch!” I shouted.
“What happened?” Jake asked coming near me.
“OW! OW! OW!” I kept on shouting, grabbing my stomach.
“Ash you are leaking.” Emmet said.
“No silly, her water broke.” Emma said.
“It is getting painful!” I screamed.
“Relax honey, breathe.” Jake said, calming me down.
“I have called the hospital the ambulance would be here any minute. Just make her sit!” Smith said. Jake helped me sit on the nearby couch.
“What about Adam?” I asked between my shrieks.
“I will take care of him!” Lilly volunteered.
“Sure!” Emmet confirmed.
“Thank you, you are an angel!” Emma said on my behalf. The ambulance came and we four rushed to the hospital.


“I don’t believe I am holding my daughter!” I said, happy tears coming out of my eyes.
“She is beautiful, just like you.” Jake kissed me on my shoulder and on my cheek. I am holding my daughter and it such a beautiful feeling.
“Can we come in?” Emma asked, peeking inside.
“Sure.” I said, wiping my tears. Emma and Smith came in with a bunch of flowers and placed them on a side table.
“She is adorable.” Smith said.
“Awww….I Love her.” Emma cried.
“So what are you going to name her?” Smith asked.
“Amy Brandon.” We both said in unison. Finally our family is complete. Jake, me, Adam and Amy.
I got discharged from the hospital after a week and finally I was home and so was my Amy.
“Hey Amy look, your house.” I said, playing with her fingers.
“Thank you so much Lilly for looking after Adam.” Jake kissed her on her cheek.
“Is this my little sister?” Adam asked, cutely.
“Yes honey!” Jake replied.
“Will she love me?” he asked.
“Of course, like Emma loves Emmet and like Aunt Becky loves me.” Jake replied. I was really enjoying this cute conversation.
“I love her too!”Adam said excitedly and we all laughed.
“Welcome my cute little Angel.” Came in mom’s voice. I looked at the door and I saw everyone coming to bless my Amy. Jake’s parents, my parents and Becky with Joey, her husband.
“Where is my granddaughter?” Rachel asked.
“Here.” I said. Everybody surrounded Amy and me. I felt so overwhelmed and safe.
“Everyone ready for a family picture?” Jake asked.
“Of course!” everyone replied. He set the camera’s timer and joined the group for the picture. Everyone was there. From Jon and Henry to Amy, full family. My family, my friends, my children all with me.
“Everyone smile.” Jake said and click. The perfect family photo with the perfect people.
“Thank you for coming in my life and completing it. Welcome to our very own little, crazy world.
THE END!!!















                           
