Ideally Imperfect
Arwen Jayne
Copyright © 2019 Arwen Jayne
All rights reserved

While reference has been made to some actual historical events or persons and some real locations all other names, characters and places are fictional; the product of the author's overly imaginative mind. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses or places is purely coincidental.

Disclaimer
This is a piece of fiction, enjoy it but if you're looking for science facts you might find it lacking. The story is purely a creation of my imagination. 

Acknowledgements
To all my friends, fans and family for their ongoing encouragement. 
Cover photo credit
Photographer/artist: Brigitte Werner
https://pixabay.com/illustrations/high-tech-binary-numbers-face-woman-185146
Pixabay License, free for commercial use, No attribution required

Dedication and Author's Note
Readers may wonder what possessed me to turn Alys from book 1 of this series into the heroine of this story. Compassion. I wanted a better future for her. At the time I'd started going over my maths, hoping one day to get past college algebra. Why would an escapee from the rat race need maths? For the same reasons as Tess I guess. Not so much for spaceflight but certainly to better understand the fascinating world around me. The fascinating patterns fractals make. How crystals and snowflakes form their beautiful shapes. Working out designs for craft projects. Calculating how much compost I need for my latest garden patch. So I'd hereby like to dedicate this book to all those who aspire, whatever their age. And to all those hard working unpaid unacknowledged adult literacy and numeracy volunteers who help people with the skills to create a better reality for themselves. This one's for you.


1

A week ago I'd woken at three in the morning. With much playing on my mind I'd stepped out onto the wooden deck of my home and stared at the stars, losing myself in their beauty and the vastness of the cosmos. Somewhere in that moment's inner peace I'd made myself a promise, to no longer go on as I had. No I didn't mean end it all, although given the mess I'd made of things I guessed no-one except my father might blame me or even miss me. No, not that. I was here on this planet with a good fifty plus years still ahead of me and I damned well wasn't going to stuff up my life any longer. How? I hadn't a clue. But I could make a small start. Big things often had small starts. I just needed to keep my intent clear. There had to be someway I wouldn't forget it.
So the next day I'd gone and changed my name by deed poll to Gratia to remind me to both be grateful and to do things for others for no reason other than they were the right thing to do. I couldn't undo my first twenty-eight years on the planet but I could move forward. Maybe, just maybe, if I poured my gratitude for life back into it I could create a different life to the one I'd had. 
I fingered the gold wedding band that still clung stubbornly to my finger, a reminder of my ex. My heart softened with missing him and with regret. Another force still acting on me. I knew I'd been the one to finally drive him away. I surely knew he deserved a better life. I hoped wherever he was in this vast universe he was happy and his life unfolding into the best it might be. 
Hell, if I kept on reminiscing like this I'd be in no fit state to do what I'd offered to do.
It was Saturday morning. The manager of the online access center, an elderly woman of indeterminate age but a welcoming smile that set me at ease, came out to greet me. "You must be Gratia Sullivan, I'm Jackie Gray, so pleased to meet you. We get so few people of your calibre offering their services like this. Come in. There's someone I'd like you to meet."
The 'center' was little more than a collection of half a dozen smallish rooms. Leaflets and flyers clung to the walls. A few tables were dotted around the place, each with a somewhat outdated computer. An urn of hot water bubbled quietly to itself in the corner, next to a sink and some neatly stacked mugs, "Nice setup you have here," quaint but workable.
Jackie, sighed, "we need more room actually, but funding's tight."
"I would have thought there was a great need for the services you offer here." It had to be in the community's best interest to empower people to improve their lives.
Jackie shrugged, "There is, but there's few votes to be had in helping adults master the skills of reading, writing, computers and numbers. The government is keen on the feel-good media opportunities we give them but not so forth coming on the dollars. Ah, but I'm whinging. That's not why you're here."
"You said you have a young lady who's keen to learn a bit of maths."
Jackie beamed, "Oh I think 'a bit' is understating it. I think if you two click you'll find she's voracious in her desire to learn. She should be here any minute," idly she looked at her watch and frowned. "Er, punctuality isn't one of her assets though."
We both looked up as the door creaked open. A petite woman entered, just this side of twenty, scrawny as all hell, bright blue streaks in her hair and a grin from ear to ear. Her clothing, if you could call it that, comprised kneeless jeans and a red flannel shirt with cut-off sleeves, showing off the cute tattoo of a kitten playing with a ball of wool , "Um sorry, caught the wrong bus and it decided to go the long way round."
Jackie laughed, as if this was normal, "Tess McCubbin, this is Gratia Sullivan."
"Wow, you're prettier than I thought you'd be?"
Um, how should I respond to that? "You had an image of me in your head?"
"Yeah, you know, a retired maths teacher, brown wool cardigan and a stern look."
It was my turn to laugh, "You've just described my father, although he's a professor of cosmology. And yes he wears a brown wool cardigan. As for his stare, well let's not go there. I'm hoping to make a change in my life though and get off the path he's mapped out for me."
Tess looked up at me with genuine approval, "Good for you."
Jackie looked between us and seemed happy, "I'll leave you two to get to know each other and map out a learning plan. I'll be in the back office if you need me."
"Thanks J," Tess gave her a thumbs up. She turned to me, "Fancy a drink Miss Sullivan?"
"Gratia, please. Uh, is it a help yourself with the tea?"
"Yeah, just put twenty cents in the jar, else Jackie ends up paying for it out of her own pocket."
Tess found a cup she thought suited me. I didn't know what to think of her choice. The first day of the rest of your life, it said in big bold letters. Was Tess psychic or something? But I dismissed that as the hogwash I knew it to be. No one was psychic. That was illogical, magical thinking and you can be assured that my dad had ground any inclination, towards believing in it, out of me at a very early age.
I was reluctantly weaning myself off coffee so I sipped at a chamomile instead, determined to get used to the taste and the smell of the herb. Calming I'd been told. "So why do you want to learn maths Tess?"
"Because," she held out her hand and began to count on the fingers, "One, I don't want to follow my family's career. Crime," she added when she noticed my wondering look, "Two, I think I have the head for it but I've never had a chance to really pursue it. Three, the teacher at high school was a hopeless dick and left me with more questions than answers. I think he was only teaching math because they couldn't find anyone to fill the job. High school just left me with a lot of bits that didn't seem to make a whole. Four, I've muddled along with a few old texts I got at the charity shop but I don't know where to begin." She got to her little finger, "Five, I'm sure there are holes in my understanding but I'm not sure where."
"So you're keen, I can see that. But you still haven't really told me why. Other than escaping the fate your family would throw at you why maths? You could get a job easy enough as a cleaner or supermarket shelf stacker."
"Gah, no thanks. Look I know I'm being greedy Gratia but I've always had this dream. To go to university, study jet propulsion systems or something like it and get a job at NASA."
I didn't bother pointing out that NASA was in America and that Australia didn't have a space program as such. The government was murmuring about it but I doubted they really understood the costs involved. Funnily enough Tess's dream wasn't much different to the dream I'd once had but then my dad had intervened and told me if he was funding my degree I'd study proper maths, pure maths that is. Geoffrey was only interested in theoretical physics not the more practical side of making things like space flight possible. So my dreams of studying remote sensing systems or the physics of getting to other planets were railroaded. Though my lost dreams gave me a fair idea of how big Tess was dreaming I wasn't about to squash hers, not unless her abilities indicated a need for a reality check. "Well you're right. To do that you will definitely need good maths skills as they underpin most engineering, technology and applied maths degrees. Shall we test your skills and find out where your strengths and weaknesses are?"
And so we began our relationship. A relationship, that considering the student-teacher scenario, was surprisingly one of equals. We felt a bond. Two kindred souls, rebelling against our upbringings, trying to make the best futures for ourselves, or in my case remake. We quickly became best friends, meeting outside our designated time to, well, just chat and be girls. I'd never really been 'a girl'. My mum dying when I was little more than two, my dad had had to raise me and he'd done it his way. From day one I'd been groomed for a professorship, like him.
So it came as no surprise when Tess rang me one night, but her reason did.
"I need to hide Graz," she used her pet name for me.
"Your dad still pressuring you to do that safe cracking job?"
"Yeah."
"Best get your butt over here then," I teased. At the back of my mind though I knew the seriousness of the situation. Her father, high up in the local crime syndicate, was trying to rope her into his career much like my father had tried to do for me. I'd managed to escape, taking a lucrative job as a data analyst, much to dad's fury. Tess didn't have the credentials to pursue such a chance. Not yet. And if the louts that comprised her family turned up at my door I wasn't sure what we'd do. After ending the call I went out on my deck and, as had become my custom of late, had a little chat with the stars. "You know we need some help here, don't you?" It was completely illogical talking to inanimate stars but it made me feel better even if I could just about hear well ingrained injunctions, in my father's voice, berating me for putting my faith in anything outside myself. "Shut up", I told the memories. If I wanted to pretend the stars were my friends I would. My life. My choice.

2
I showed Tess my spare room and indicated the chest of drawers. "Stow your things in here. I'll go make us a bite to eat. I have to warn you though, I'm still a newbie with the vegetarian cuisine."
"Can you do a hot and spicy dahl?" Tess wondered.
Simple enough, "Yeah I can do that. My naturopath's got me off the chillis but I can put enough nigella seeds, ginger and vietnamese mint in to it to give it quite a punch."
Tess gave me a thumbs up, "Cool," then went to unpack her things. She wandered into the kitchen a short while later, a business card in her hand, "This was in one of the drawers. I didn't know if it was something important."
I looked at the card and sighed. Was the universe giving me a nudge? "When my husband was trying to save our marriage he suggested I go and see a counsellor, to get help with my issues. I told him to shove his suggestion up his, well you can guess. So he went instead. I think the counsellor helped him a lot, cope with me that is. But watching him build such inner calm for himself, not taking things personally and learning to 'handle me' only reminded me of my own shortcomings. One fateful night it all blew up big time and I?" A flood of tears descended down my cheeks.
"Shit Graz, I didn't mean to pry."
"No, I want you to know. If you want to end our friendship after I've told you I'll understand."
Tess  came over and hugged me. I didn't know whether that was going to help or make me melt down further, "I'm listening", she prompted. Not an order, just an offer to lend an ear.
"I stabbed him in a fit of rage Tess. The ambulance came and carted him away. The police arrested me and locked me up for the night but once the hospital released him he told them he wasn't pressing charges. He did want a divorce though. He told me he'd done all he could but for his own sake he needed to walk away," I looked into Tess's eyes and expected condemnation or even pity but all I saw reflected back at me was understanding.
"Thank you for telling me Graz. This explains so much. The volunteering at the center, the ring on your finger, your efforts to ditch caffeine and eat better."
"You walking out on me Tess?"
"Hell, Graz. Of course not. Why would you even think it? Shit, I've seen my gran throw more than a few plates at dad when she's pissed. Not so much now she's gone through menopause though. It's all just hormones Graz. They strip your soul bare once a month. It's just you had a lot of triggers, a lot of issues, that bubbled to the surface whenever you hit that time of the month. No I'm not excusing what you did but I'm not judging you either. I understand why."
"Tess, I still have those issues. I'm managing them better now I'm seeing a naturopath. She's helped a lot."
"That's really good. You've made a good start but the issues are still there. Managing them is only wrapping them in cotton wool. They'll just wait until one day the cotton wool's not there and come out and bite you" she tapped the card thoughtfully then she studied my face with equal earnestness, as if trying to see something. Analysis over she smiled at me, "You're ready to deal with them."
Was I? "I guess I am."
"Will you let me come with you, support you through this as you've supported me with the maths?"
Would I? I think I'd never asked for help from anyone, except the stars in the night sky. Maybe the stars were saying it was time to accept help, "Okay, I'll ring her tomorrow."
"Uh uh," Tess shook her head, "I know her office won't be open right now but if you ring up and leave a message that you want an appointment you will have put out to the universe that you have a clear intent."
She was right. I took my phone out and made the call. "Leigha, you don't know me but my ex husband was a client of yours. He recommended you. I was wondering if I could get an appointment when you have an opening free. I'm working from home tomorrow so you can call me on this number." I gave her my name, my current name. I didn't want her pre-judging me.
Tess gave me another firm hug as I hung up the phone, "Let's go see to that dahl."

We'd just finished dinner and had settled down with some maths books when the doorbell rang. Before I could panic that it might be Tess's family a familiar voice call out, "Anyone home?"
"That's my dad, I'd best go let him in. He doesn't like to be kept waiting."
"Nah let me," Tess offered, "It's time I met the big bad." Her eyes gleamed mischievously. Uh oh. She opened the door, "G'day Geoff, nice to meet you. Graz's spoken so much about you I feel I already know you."
Geoffrey, in his favorite brown cardigan, stared at her stunned. "She has has she? And you would be?"
"You can call me Tess. We've got some food going in the kitchen. Care to join us?" Not waiting for his reply she walked up to me and gave me a cuddle and a friendly peck on the cheek. "Mmm, food smells good darling."
I choked but she pretended not to notice. Setting the table for three and acting like she was right at home. How she'd found where I stashed the knives and forks so quick I couldn't guess.
Geoffrey watched us both intently, trying to work out what was going on. I decided to play Tess's game, for the fun of it. Now there was a change, "Can you put on the kettle, Tess, love?"
"Sure thing. What you have to drink Geoff?"
" Er, coffee?"
" Ah," Tess rummaged through the cupboard, "Sorry, looks like we're just out of that. We've got chamomile, lemon balm or rooibos."
Geoffrey wrinkled his nose, "Just a glass of water thanks. So, you two living together?"
"Er, yes dad," well it was true even if it was only for tonight and my guest was in the guest room. If he wanted to misunderstand that I could play along.
"When were you going to tell me, daughter?" He sounded grumpy and daughter was what he now tended to call me as he refused to use my new name and I'd refused to talk to him if he used my old one. A stalemate but we were working at it.
"Ah, sort of happened so quick dad," I passed a bowl of dahl to him, "Hope you like lentils."
He made a face but accepted it with good grace. "So how'd you both meet?"
I decided it was time for a bit of truth, "Actually we met because I'm tutoring Tess in maths and before you get all antsy about me having a relationship with a student we're just pulling your chain. Tess is my best friend though and she is staying here tonight. In the guest room."
"Aw. You told him," Tess pouted, "I was having such fun. 
To give him credit Geoffrey's jaw flapped a bit and then he smiled, amused, good grief. "Show me what she's teaching you Tess."
Tess went and grabbed her books.
"Why don't you show him your proof of Stoke's theorem?" I suggested. The theorem underpinned much of vector calculus and differential geometry so I was sure it would impress him. It had me.
Tess pulled out a few sheets of paper and sat down next to dad, "This is how I see it Geoff," and she began to write her proof. 
Geoffrey's eyes widened. He ran his fingers through the proof, just to double check it. "Incredible. So you're at university."
"Not yet. Graz just spent the last while coaching me through my year 11 and 12. Got me onto an accelerated open learning course through the online center. I just got my results back today. Want to see?"
I stopped what I was doing, "You didn't tell me Tess."
"Waiting for the right moment, back in a sec," she went to her room and grabbed the envelope.
Returning she handed the unopened envelope to me, "I was too nervous to look," she explained.
I opened it, excited as she was. I was not disappointed. "Oh my god!" Tears threatened. I handed it to Geoffrey who was as eager with anticipation as Tess.
His eyes scanned the results. Then he scanned them again just to make sure. Always the proof checker. He beamed at Tess, "Well done."
Curiosity overcoming her Tess finally grabbed it from his hand. "I passed. I passed," she began dancing around the room with gay abandoned.
It was Geoffrey who cleared his throat to intervene, "I'd say you more than passed."
"Yeah," then there was that bit of a pout that was so Tess, "But they didn't give me full marks. What did I do wrong? I was sure of my answers."
I hugged her, "Tess, darling," I teased, "99% is full marks. They never give a 100."
"Never?" And there was her robust smile back.
"Never."
"Well then," she went back to dancing around the room, until she exhausted herself.
"So what does she want to do with it?" dad wondered.
"Same as me really, the old dream of space flight. And don't you dare pull the rug out from under her like you did me."
Geoffrey saddened, "I shouldn't have done that, you never forgave me did you?"
I let out a large sigh and I guessed that was answer enough, "I know you didn't want me to set myself up for disappointment but I think I could have done it."
"Academically yes, but at the time I feared ?" he didn't finish the sentence.
"Feared what dad? Spit it out dad."
"My you are getting forthright these days. I expect some of that is Tess's doing. I always hoped you'd find your nerves of steel. Okay. I guess it's time. There's no easy way to say this. Your mum didn't die in an accident. She took her life."
That was so not what I'd expected him to say. I quickly found a seat and took a moment to digest what he'd said. Two and two were starting to equal four. "So you didn't want me in a high stress job like mum's."
"No," he sighed, "You see she rode the same rollercoaster as you do. Steady as a rock one day, unpredictable the next."
"Unpredictable," that was one way to describe it. "I'm trying to change that dad. And you have to know I would never take my life."
"I know that now. I've seen the changes you've been making. Even your name change. Gratia's short for gratitude isn't it?"
"It is. And Tess has talked me into going to see a counsellor."
He looked at me in surprise, "Then I'm in her debt. There's a lot of help out there these days. Help that wasn't so accessible in your mother's time. Even I've been getting help."
What had he just said?
"You look shocked. I guess I can't blame you. I've never been one much to show my emotions. But I tell you this in truth, I deeply regret squashing your dreams because of my own fears. It was your life to lead, not mine to decide for you."
My jaw flapped. Hell, I went to him and we hugged.
From the corner of my eye I saw Tess wink at me. Our moment of communion was broken by another knock at the door. I looked uncertainly to Tess. "Tess, In my bedroom. Go to the wardrobe. There's a small ladder and a hatch to the ceiling. We'll call you when the coast is clear." 
Tess ran.
Another knock at the door, this time more insistent. It wasn't a friendly knock. Rapid fire I gave dad the notes version of what was going on. "Tess's dad wants her in a life of crime. She's hiding."
Dad instantly understood all he needed, "Stay here," he commanded in his best authoritative tone, "I'll deal with this."
I watched, peering into the hall as Dad opened the door, "And you are?" Giving the man on the doorstep his best glare
The uninvited guest looked taken aback, "Er sorry Sir, looking for a Gratia Sullivan."
"No one here by that name. My name is Geoffrey Sullivan. If you're looking for a G Sullivan that might explain the mix up. I'm here with my daughter Alys."
"Alys? No that wasn't the name," the man reached into his pocket and pulled out a photo, "Look just in case, this is a girl we're looking for. If you see her could you give us a ring."
"She's not one of my students but if I see her is there a number I can ring you on?"
"Sure. Sure," the man was keen to backtrack out of an obvious mix-up. "Here's my card."
Dad took the card, "Good evening to you then," and he slammed the door.
The problem seemed solved but dad didn't look happy. "I'll stay tonight just in case they come back. That divan in your living room folds out doesn't it?"
I wouldn't hear of it, offering my bed instead. Tess did the same. An argument ensued over who'd sleep where. "Enough!" my dad declared, "I will not hear of a woman sleeping on a sofa when I can."
"But?," this from Tess who now felt she was imposing on both of us.
Dad did his best glare, not that anything would wilt Tess, "End of story."
Tess wisely let it go at that.

The next morning dad was up early, beating me to the door to get the morning paper, "Don't, they're still out there, a black Merc, fairly recent V8 model if I'm not mistaken. I got a friend to run the number plates. It seems that one or more of Tess's brother's didn't believe my little bluff last night."
Since when did dad have friends who could run number plates? "Damn. We can't let them get hold of her Dad. It would be the end of everything she's worked so hard for."
Dad gave me a 'duh' look, "I realize that. I've made some arrangements. You've got your appointment this morning." 
I did? "The counsellor rang back?"
"She did. You've got a nine thirty appointment. Looks like we're all going with you."
What? "Don't you have to teach today?" He wasn't really coming with me and Tess was he?
Dad shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly, "That's one of the perks of being an Emeritus professor, I only have to turn up when I want. As long as I put out at least a paper a year and do a few guest lectures they're happy. These days it's more of an honorary rather than a full on teaching role. Although I've kept my office there and I do get a small stipend that tops up my pension."
"I hadn't even realized you'd retired," but then we hadn't been in each other's pockets much of late.
"It's one of those early retirement package deals where you can get most of your superannuation pension but still add to it if you keep working. It had a number of tax advantages."
Trust dad to have done his sums, "So what's the plan for this morning?"
"I'll explain over breakfast."

At 9am we were ready to execute said plan.  Dad drove his ancient but perfectly maintained DB5 around the back of the house and Tess got down on the floor behind the front seats, "I can't believe your dad has an Aston."
"My great uncle was a bit of a driver on the circuits back in Britain. Timed laps and all that sort of thing. Dad inherited the car, shipped it out here and kept it going. He's got a friend who makes him any spare parts he needs. Dad does the design work and, George I think his name is, engineers them from that."
"Quit with the backstory and get in," my dad was on edge.
Tess and I got in.
Dad drove out my entrance just as a large black hummer turned into the street, between us and the Merc, and proceeded to start doing a lengthy three point turn. There was much honking of the horn and swearing coming from the direction of the Merc but we made a clean break, dad taking a few side streets even I didn't know about.
"Er, maybe I should forget about seeing the counsellor. It might be better if we left the state or something."
"Not a prayer. Those who care about you have waited too long for you to see you needed help. You're not using a little thing like this as an excuse to pike out. You're just going to have to trust your old dad for once, do you think you could do that?" The question came out as almost a snarl. 
No dad was not amused by my suggestion. "Okay, to the counsellor's it is."
Tess, sitting next to me in the backseat, patted my leg, "It's all going to work out Graz, you'll see."
Tess's confidence in life never failed to amaze me, as it equally never failed to be proved right. "I'd be happy if it did."
We parked the Aston in the visitor's car spot at the clinic and dad proceeded to cover it with a tarp he'd retrieved from under his seat. "Less seen the better." We gave him a hand. It was a rather distinctive car. We didn't need some passerby reporting it to the syndicate. No doubt they'd have all eyes out looking for it.
The waiting room was small but cozy. The ubiquitous pale pink paint work that you'd find in any mental health clinic. Enlarged photos of restful scenes adorned the walls. Comfly leather arm chairs surrounded a wide, low coffee table, with an album. Curiosity had me reaching for the album. What kind of vampire would you like? It said that in big letters inside the front cover. Huh, strange album. Someone's joke or maybe it was a way to personality type clients. I passed it to Tess, "What do you make of this?"
"Oh, way cool," she flipped through it. "Ooh, looky here, aren't these guys cute?"
Dad looked over her shoulder, "Cute? They look very alien to me. Excellent photoshopping though. I'd nearly believe they were real models. Don't suppose there's any nice girl vampires in there?"
"Dad! How to shock your daughter."
He looked annoyed at my response, "I'm not past it you know."
Tess was flipping through and found the women. It was like she was giving them each a stare to see into their souls. Finally she found one she liked. "What about this one Geoff?" Tess passed the album over, "Look it says she was an space traffic controller for their spaceport. Nerves of steel I bet."
"Hmm," dad mused.
"But they're not real." Was I the last sane one in the room?
Tess rolled her eyes, "Oh, come on Graz, let's just play the game and pick some. You want to share these two?"
I had a better look at the ones she was salivating over, all seven foot pale alien, the both of them. "Says they're inventors and best of friends." I tapped at the description under their photos, playing along. Nice eyes, I thought quietly to myself, "Yeah, I'll share."
Satisfied Tess picked out a form from the front of the album. "Well then. I'm putting our numbers down. You in Geoff?"
Geoff put his head in his hands and lightly shook his head, his tell tale sign of mild exasperation, but he muttered, "Yeah, why not?" It was just a game to pass the time.
9.30 am came and Leigha opened her office door, "Please come in. Oh Geoffrey," she noticed my father, "I didn't realize you were here too."
She knew him? "Don't tell me you're my father's counsellor as well."
Mischief gleamed in Leigha's eyes, "Okay, I won't tell you. So I assume you're Gratia. And this young lady?"
"Is my best friend Tess. She's the one who elbowed me into coming. She wants to be here for me."
"Well then, you'd best both come in. There's a coffee shop around the corner if you want Geoffrey."
He waved away her suggestion. "I'll wait. I have some papers I brought with me to work on." He promptly took them out of his satchel and proceeded to take over the coffee table as if it was his own.

Leigha motioned Tess and me to some chairs in her office. All the while I could feel her watching me. Studying what, the way I moved or the tension in my body?
"Relax Gratia, I'm not here to analyze you."
It was as if she'd read my mind. But if she wasn't here to analyze me then what? Though perhaps I was confusing a counsellor with a psychiatrist. "So, Leigha, how can you help me?"
"Oh I can't. Not at all," she watched my mystified look with amusement, "but I can share with you some tools I think will be useful on the path you've already started down. You see, I don't actually do this work anymore, except for friends and a few clients who over time have become friends."
"Like my dad," I hoped she wasn't seeing him in any other way.
Leigha coughed, clearing her throat perhaps. "I have a new job now and a fairly demanding man in my life who I love dearly. But when I got your call forwarded to me last night I knew I had to come. I made a promise to your ex-husband."
Shit, "You know who I am then," maybe it wasn't too late to leave gracefully now. But then I'd disappoint Tess, and Dad.
"I do and I have to say you've come a long way on your own initiative. Let's get to the guts of things shall we?"
"Please." Like pulling hairs it was probably best done quickly.
"You loathe yourself for what you did to your husband. You grieve for a mother you never knew but at the same time you feel, deep in your subconscious, that she abandoned you. You're angry with your dad for steering you away from your dreams. You blame your hormone imbalance on a general unfairness in life. Have I missed anything?"
Gulp, "No," did that come out defensive?
"So I'm going to tell you something Gratia. And you can dismiss it out of hand if you wish but I'm guessing Tess will tell you it's true. Your personality creates your present personal reality."
Leigha sat back and let me digest that. I looked to Tess for feedback, thinking she'd roll her eyes but instead she earnestly nodded at me. "She's right Graz. It's what I worked out for myself when I was fourteen. If I wanted a different life than the one my family imaginged for me then I was going to have to be different to them. I observed everything they did, how they did it, what they said about things, about themselves and other people. How they reacted. Then I decided, for much of it, to do the opposite. To give rather than take, to see people as something other than marks to be conned, and most of all to trust in what I'd chosen to do. It meant upending everything I'd been brought up to believe but it began to change me almost straight away. Eventually those changes led me to you."
Drat. Tess was walking proof then. Given what Tess had had to turn around maybe my path wasn't so hard after-all. "Let's say I don't need to change everything like Tess had to but I would like to reclaim my potential to be the best I can be, circumstances allowing."
Leigha leaned forward in her chair, "The circumstances will allow because the circumstances will optimize themselves to resonate with your reality."
"Hmm," sounded a bit new age. "Be that as it may, give me the nuts and bolts of how to do it."
Leigha got up and retrieved an mp3 player which she handed to me, "You can have this for starters. It contains a number of self hypnosis sessions and reality creation affirmations. My suggestion is you put it on just before going to bed, only loud enough to hear it over your thoughts. And use earpieces. There's some brainwave frequencies and binaural beats in the background that will only work in stereo, using the inside of your head as the sound stage. Go to sleep listening to it and in the morning take a few moments to become aware of it again, listening for ten minutes of so to wherever it's got up to. Your subconscious mind will soak up the rest while you sleep."
"Okay," I'd heard of some of those things and also heard that for some people it worked really well. I had my doubts it would work on me but I'd give it a chance.
"The second thing," Leigha continued, "Is that I'd like you to consider what quantum science has to say about multiple parallel realities."
"That every choice forks into a different reality. Like one where a goldfish falls from the sky and one where it doesn't." Tess suggested.
"Goldfish!"
Tess shrugged. "It just came to my mind."
Leigha chuckled, "Well it certainly makes a graphic image. But yes, every possible variation of every scenario exists, in that model. Not only that but they exist outside of the constraints of space-time so they are all possible in any present moment."
"There is only one present moment," I corrected.
"Is there?" Leigha probed, "that can be true and not true. It depends on whether my reality is yours and vice versa, but maybe that's something for another day. Suffice it say that in your present moment all options are available to you. You have only to choose them and acknowledge them as already in existence, for you, right now, in this very moment. Once you acknowledge, feel and resonate with that reality as if it is real it becomes real, for you."
Nah, but I noticed Tess was glued, "This makes so much sense," Tess declared. "Like I know it's intuitively what I've done but if I'd consciously known it I could have made my changes sooner."
"The universe has its own timing in these things Tess. You first have to resonate at a certain level of knowledge before that knowledge becomes real for you. As far as reality creation goes the average person living in their us and them, controlled, regulated, goal driven world is concerned they can't will the outcome of a football match or a lottery so they dismiss the idea. Yet if you ask any tribesman in the jungles and deserts of the world whether a shaman can alter the weather they know this to be a fact. Those of even higher resonance can create new lifeforms with their mind, heal by seeing a person as already healed, change the fate of a planet through their love."
Tess clapped her hands together in glee, "Yes. Yes. Walk us through it Leigha."
Leigha waited for my assent, "How about it Gratia, you want some evidence? I can't say it will happen as soon as you walk out my office door but it will happen very soon and in a way that will stun you."
Well, she was putting herself on the line, "How about this, I'm willing to accept that what you are saying is true unless evidence says otherwise. I expect whatever scenario you come up with to happen in, shall we say, three days."
Leigha shook her head, apparently not about to be backed into an impossible position, "I can't promise that. It will happen in its own time and in its own way. Clear your mind of any preconceptions about how it will come about but I expect that within a few days things will begin to unfold. Now lie back in your chairs, both of you, and close your eyes. I invite you to listen to my voice but at all times you are in control. This is your session, not mine. If your mind drifts don't worry about it, just bring it back to my voice."
I leaned back and let my hands dropped to my sides. It helped immensely that Tess was doing this with me as I might have already walked out the door. She was keen to know the how of it so we'd explore it together.
Leigha began to speak in a gentle monotone. "Before we begin I want you to become aware of each part of your body and relax it. Take a moment to work your way down from your head to your toes," she waited. "Now I want you each to imagine back to that moment before birth. What you planned to do in this life, how you hoped to be, the love, success and wisdom you would find along the way."
"And play," Tess murmured from her chair.
"And play," Leigha heartily agreed, "A life full of love, joy, play, gratitude and an abundance of opportunities to explore the realm of matter. Now, hypothetically, let's say that this is the life you experienced until now. Gratia, imagine your mum never died. She doted on you and was there for you to reassure you when you had doubts and to rejoice in your successes. Your dad supported your life choices and was there to protect and guide you while you developed enough wisdom to do that on your own. Tess, you were born into a happy and honest middle-class family and had all the opportunities your family could give you. Whether your choices were concentrating on your studies, pursuing sport or acting or going on a school excursion your family was there for you and helped to make your dreams reality.
Having had those lives to date, how do you feel? Don't tell me, just connect with it. How does it feel to have had a happy, healthy, fulfilling, supported life? Etch how that feels into your mind. 
Fast forward to now, as if you have achieved your respective dreams. You work for an organisation, a group of people, who wish to travel to the stars. You stand together, ready to launch a spaceship. You have at your fingertips all the knowledge and skills life has so generously blessed you with. You enter that spaceship and take the controls. With you are the loves of your lives. Together a team. Ahead of you a universe waiting to be explored. 
Return your awareness to your body. Let go any wondering. Trust what you have seen is already a reality within the multitude of realities available to you right in this moment. I will count back from three. Three, Two, One. Open your eyes. And no Gratia, leave your doubts unsaid. Words have ears. If you are going to be fair to yourself, me and Tess you will relax your doubts and let them go."
Doubts as tensions, whatever. I would do this for Tess, I let them go. "So what now?"
"Now I return from whence I came. You have everything you need. Consider it well," Leigha instructed. "Oh, one other simple but important thing. Whatever you are grateful for life will give you more of. Gratitude is the magic key to all of the techniques I have shown you but don't try to force it. Trust it and allow it." 
"Brilliant," Tess, at least, was impressed. "Thanks for seeing us Leigha. Oh," she remembered a piece of paper and handed it to Leigha. "Here, we had fun out in the waiting room choosing our vampires."
Leigha perused the list, "Geoffrey chose one too, interesting. Naira will be most pleased."
I had no idea who Naira was or why she'd be pleased. We needed to get going and get out of town. "It's been nice meeting you Leigha." Tess and I said our farewells.
Leigha waved us off then closed the door.

Once they'd gone Leigha put on a wireless earpiece and microphone. "Trig, love, I'm ready for a pickup. And I need to put a call through to?" She was teleported away.

3

We undraped the car and got in. Detouring via a couple of rarely used backstreets I was surprised dad knew we soon made our way out onto the highway. Here we were highly visible but if we were to get out of town we had to get on it some time. All was going well until Tess looked up into the rearview mirror, "Uh oh, I think that's my brother's Merc three cars back."
"Shit," dad swore uncharacteristically.
"Er, how fast can this old Aston go Dad?"
"Not as fast as them but we make up for it in maneuverability," he took the next highway exit, hitting speed dial on his handsfree phone as he did. "George."
"Geoffrey, you're heading our way I hear. Thex had fun this morning in the Hummer. Anything else we can do for you?"
"Just exited the highway. They're back with us and gaining on us. They must have been waiting for us on the highway, figuring we'd head out of town some stage. Don't suppose you've done any mods to this beast I don't know about?"
"Now would I do that?"
"Yes."
George laughed on the other end of the phone. "Once you get on a straight section of road, and I mean straight, there's a red button under the driver's side dash."
Geoffrey kept his eyes on the road but felt around for it. "Found it."
"Also, if the girls are in the back, there's a slight depression in the middle of the back seat. Press that."
Tess discovered it, pressing it part of the seat parted to reveal a console. It looked a bit like a game console. "So what have we got here?" I wondered.
"Oh, all sorts of tricks but since I'm guessing Tess doesn't want her brother and his thugs killed stick to the ones with the tyre symbols. There's one with a side arrow and one with a back arrow."
"Let me guess, it throws out tacks or something in the direction of the arrow."
"She's smart your daughter Geoffrey, but no. The local authorities would take issue with that and we have to be careful of the innocent. It shoots out a laser beam, at tyre level."
"Way cool!" Tess was impressed. "What about the button with a car symbol with smoke coming out the back."
"Yeah, the smokescreen is worth a try but just be aware which way the wind's blowing before you use it. Anyhow, I'll go and find a front door key for you. And if you see a drone overhead don't panic, it's just us monitoring the situation. I'll see what other help I can drum up." George hung up.
"Coming up to a straight section, hang on girls," he pressed the button on the dash and we were all thrown back in our seats as our speed damn near tripled.
"Bloody hell," this from me.
Tess looked out the back, "That's lost them for the moment but ?"
"Yeah, not for long," Dad agreed, "Hang on again, I'm about to veer off onto a side road. This one hasn't been maintained for a bit. Things could get bumpy."
He was right about that. The road was full of potholes, fallen branches and even the odd plant trying to grow on its surface. Remarkably dad was dodging most of the obstacles like he knew the road like the back of his hand.
"Um, where does this road go Dad? It's pretty windy. We won't be able to use the turbo boost along here."
"I know that daughter."
Uh oh, I knew that tone.
"A little trust would go a along way you know," he mumbled
"Sorry, you're right. You obviously know the road."
Silence, but I saw his smile as he looked back at me in the rear vision mirror.
Tess had her fingers on the seat console, as she leaned over the backseat, watching the approaching car. Good thing they weren't shooting at us. But just then I heard the distinctive blast of a shotgun. They mightn't shoot at Tess but they were shooting at our tyres. "Tell me this thing has 'run-flat' tyres dad."
"It's got 'run-flats'."
"You're doing a remarkable job keeping the car on the road then. Don't they mess with the handling?"
"They do, usually, but George has refined these somewhat."
Of course he had. I looked forward to meeting this George if we ever got to where we were going.
Out the side window I caught sight of George's drone tracking us.
Tess was tapping her fingers impatiently, "Come to little sis guys," she muttered as she readied her finger on the button. Then pressed it. A line of laser cut across their front tyres but they kept on coming. Guess they had 'run flats' too but at least their tyres were starting to look worse for wear. Their handling was all over the road.
I heard dad say "Welcome friend," but I couldn't see who he was talking too. He did seem to have relaxed somewhat though. "Tess, when I say release the smoke screen. On my count, three, two, one."
Tess hit it. A large cloud of impenetrable black smog issued forth, like some massive engine melt down. When it cleared I gasped, my vision playing tricks. We were still on the road but our tail was having a tough time handling their car as it descended down the bottom of a huge ravine. It looked like they'd come to no harm but they'd be a long time getting out of there. What the hell had just happened?
Geoffrey hit speed dial again, "Front door key received. Many thanks. We're about ten minutes out. See you soon."

4

The road wound its way through thick eucalyptus forest, past a small lake dotted with fishing shacks. Then it was up a hill that afforded a breathtaking view of our destination. The town wasn't the tired looking, half abandoned place I'd've expected this far from the city. The forest ended at a moat that seemed to circuit the entire town. We crossed it via a cattle grid, to keep animals in or out I wondered momentarily until I realised the whole town was one giant garden of fruit trees, herbs, flowering shrubs and climbers. "Wow."
Tess gaped out her window and agreed.
Presently we pulled up outside a large Georgian, verandahed, sandstone residence, complete with stables. Though it looked like the stables had been repurposed as a garage with an apartment up top. I could just make out the distinctive front grills of not one but two blue Bentleys. Nice.
I stepped out of the car into the small gathering of people who had come to greet us. A tall man with ebony skin and equally ebony eyes opened the front passenger door and retrieved ? a cat? He wrapped it in his arms and began to gently pull at the whiskers under the cat's chin, which it seemed to greatly appreciate if the loud rumbling purr was anything to go by. Where had the grey tabby come from?
Dad greeted the man, "George, it's good to see you again."
"How'd the old girl go?" George inclined his head towards the Aston.
"Like a dream. Thanks for the mods. May I introduce my daughters, Gratia and Tess."
"I thought you only had one daughter and her name was Alys?" The man was as puzzled as I was by the cat.
"Long story, one's undergone a personality change and the other I think I'll adopt. Can you adopt someone who's already got a family?"
George shrugged his very big, bodyguard build, shoulders, "Dunno, you'd best talk to Lewis. If anything's possible in law he can do it."
Tess's jaw flapped a bit, tears on the verge as she went over and hugged Geoffrey. "You'd adopt me?"
Dad ruffled her blue streaked hair affectionately. "Seems I, at least partially, owe you for my daughter 2.0. If you were my daughter I'd be more in my rights to protect you, even if you're a grown woman. They might at least forgo the kidnapping charges. And, if I'd ever had a second daughter I'd have been proud to have you. Maths brilliance aside it takes a hell of a lot of courage to break out of the rut that was being thrust at you." He turned to me, "You too Gratia."
He'd used my new name! "Thanks Dad, that means a lot to me."
Another man stepped forward from the crowd, I kind of got the impression the town didn't get many outsiders visiting. "Getting soppy in your old age Geoffrey," but the accusation, spoken in a thick Scottish-Australian accent sounded more like a compliment.
Dad nodded his acknowledgement of the man, "Boss."
Boss? I frowned, Dad worked for the university didn't he?
The man in question saw me studying him and extended his hand, "Andrew McCullum."
"Nice to meet you Andrew. Is there a reason my Dad calls you boss or is that some kind of nickname?"
Andrew smiled an all knowing secretive smile, "I'll answer that once you've signed the official secrets act. In the meantime we need to get the three of you housed and checked out at the local clinic. There'll be plenty of time to answer all your questions after that. George has offered to put your dad up in his spare room above the garage. We hoped you two ladies wouldn't mind sharing a room at the pub. We're a bit tight for guest accommodation at the moment as we have some visiting dignitaries here meeting to discuss the escalating problem of dead zones in our planet's oceans."
It sounded a bit too important an environmental meeting to be happening in this back water but when I took in another look of the town, with its brand new buildings, offices and large working school I had to wonder whether they were as isolated here as the road in would suggest. I looked to Tess, "You happy sharing?"
"Doesn't worry me," Tess agreed.
Andrew looked relieved. "Great, my wife Anya will show you the way." He hurried off, maybe in need of getting back to the important meeting.
Tess and I grabbed what little we'd managed to stow in the car in the morning before our escape. I put one strap of my small pack over my shoulder and adjusted it. When I looked up a tall athletic looking woman was waiting for us, "Zdravstvuyte, welcome to Boswell, I'm Anya, the local vet."
We greeted then followed her, trying to keep up as we vied her with questions. "What's going on here Anya? I thought Boswell was destroyed when a freak meteorite hit it a few years back."
"In a way it was, in your reality. In the moments before it hit we managed to shift the town and much of its surrounding area into a parallel reality. Of course the Valetown council aren't keen on spending much on a road that goes, as far as most people know, nowhere. Apart from a few car fans like George we have little need for roads these days."
Was Anya joking? Alternate reality? But as I tried to think up the politest way to challenge her on it Tess was one step ahead of me.
"Why didn't we come through some kind of magical portal?" Tess succinctly put what was going through my mind as well,  "I don't imagine just anyone can walk in here."
"The portal as you call it, only lets in those of a particular resonance, which is why your brother's car is now at the bottom of the meteorite hole."
Well that explained one thing I'd seen but, "I didn't know that any of us resonated at any special frequency," I stated what was a fact as far as I was concerned.
"No you don't, yet, but someone in the car did."
Huh.
Tess hit her head with her hand, having a 'duh' moment, "The cat. It had to have been that cat. Where'd it come from?"
Anya opened her mouth to answer then thought better of it, "Too much for you too soon. Get settled first." She took us to meet the owners of 'The Bushranger's Rest', Jeff and Rachael.
"I'm sorry we haven't got a lot of room for you at the moment," Rachael apologised.
I dismissed her concerns, "It's alright, Mr McCullum explained."
"Mr," Rachael laughed, "we don't get much of that city formality around here. Here's your key, not that you need one but it takes a while for you newbies to get used to that. Up the stairs, room on your right. Bathroom's across the hall. Dinner's served at six thirty."
"Er, should we pay now or later?"
"Pay?" Rachael looked momentarily shocked, "Goodness no. We enjoy having people stay with us but it can be a lot of work. We'd appreciate you pitching in in some way. Like sweeping the pub after closing or helping with clearing the dishes, wiping down tables, that sort of thing. Sheets and bedding can be washed in the laundry downstairs, your responsibility. Like if you were staying at a friend's place."
Strange but, "We can do that."

The room wasn't exactly palatial but it was clean and homey. The one bed was a surprise though. I hadn't quite comprehended what Andrew meant when he'd asked us if we minded sharing.
Tess saw me staring at the bed. "Well at least it's not small. And I suppose if we're going to be sharing a couple of vampires we'd better get used to it."
"Tess! Your vampires are not real."
"Hey, I'm just trying out a bit of Leigha's reality creation theory. Consider it a second opportunity to gather evidence that the theory works."
Spaceships and vampires, sure, but I'd promised Leigha I'd give the theory a go. "Okay, if we're sharing vampires then."
Tess gave me an approving pat on the arm, "I knew you'd get with the program. We'd best get back downstairs, Anya said she'd be back to take us to the clinic."
I just hoped Tess wouldn't get her hopes up too high. I decided the best I could do, since I didn't have a resounding belief in either scenario, was stay ambivalent. I was open to being proved wrong. Launching a spaceship, how had Leigha known that would rock our boat? Maybe if I joined Tess at university next term it mightn't be too late to change my life's path. I had a good basic science training. I should be able to fast-track into an aeronautics program. After that I'd need a scholarship in the United States to specialise on space flight. My mind had a moment, visioning me at the console of an actual craft, feeding in parameters for a trip using sublight engines. Nice fantasy. Maybe I could allow that fantasy for a moment. I'd been too cautious and practical all my life. Tess's approach of follow your passion and let's have fun was upending my staid habits. No, no brown cardigans in my future. That just left me with the other puzzle, wondering why we had to go to a clinic. Did the townsfolk worry we'd bring in a contagion or something?

5

Dad met us at the clinic which was in part of a genetics research facility. Strange place for such a modern, high tech laboratory but the town seemed to have a number of research and study campuses for different things. The local school was bursting at the seams and there were certainly a lot of people coming and going. The town was like some strange hub but for what I hadn't figured out yet. They even had a television station. That wouldn't come cheap. The Boswell Alternative News Service, Tess had explained. She'd watched it on the internet.
"Have you worked it out yet?" My dad wanted to know.
"Which bit?" I wondered. "The fact that we came through to a forgotten yet thriving town while Tess's brother went to visit the bottom of a hole in the ground. The bit where you work for some secret organisation other than the university. Your car's something out of an old spy movie which you can drive with rather more speed and finesse than I ever knew you could. The people here seem to know you quite well or the fact that the town appears to be run on something other than a money based economy?"
That dad had ditched his usual dowdy attire and now sported black jeans and an open neck white shirt spoke volumes. There was some side to dad I hadn't know about. "Do I even know you? Really know you?"
"I'm sorry Gratia, I've been living a double life for some time but I'm still the man you know as pigged headed and grouchy. I've been seeing Leigha since your divorce, figuring I might've been at least partially to blame. I wanted you happy but I couldn't see a way to undo the harm I'd done."
I sighed, it was hard to keep my issues with my dad going when he'd been busy addressing his own. I was starting to feel like I was more to him than the trophy nerd he'd groomed me to be. "So you're a super spy?"
Dad laughed, "I don't know that I'd go that far but I have been involved in some pretty secretive stuff. Before I can tell you anything more though you'd better sign these," he passed me and Tess some forms. It appeared Andrew, dad's boss hadn't been joking when he said we'd have to sign the official secrets act. We signed. Dad took the forms back off of us and put them back in a document holder he had with him. "Now I can tell you that I work for the Sentient Species Alliance, an intelligence and special operations arm of the government. We have offices in both realities but for ease of dealing with some of the more secretive sentient species on the planet the main base of operations is here in Boswell."
Dad ignored our stunned expressions and continued, "Our main purpose is liaison between the respective species. Sometimes a bit of investigative work and at other times a bit of troubleshooting."
"Troubleshooting," I had to wonder if my recalcitrant, reserved father had been involved in some kind of black ops operation.
Dad saw my furrowed brow, "I rarely get in that deep Gratia. I've had my cover at the uni to maintain. That did take up most of my time until recently. I've mostly been an adviser for the alliance."
"What do they consult you about?" Tess was as curious as me.
Geoffrey shrugged as if it was obvious, "Cosmological issues of course. There's a lot going on in our galaxy at present. They came to me a couple of years back when it first looked like life on Mars had been jump started. I was already a good friend of George who I've known since he first came to Australia as a refugee from the Sudan. George's boss recommended me to Andrew and rest is history. I've mostly been involved running various computer simulations for them looking at best and worst case scenarios. George's boss is a seer of formidable power so he guides me in what to look at?"
"Dad!" My dad was working with a fortune teller?
Dad chuckled "I know that look, I've seen it on my own face often enough. Look I wouldn't have bothered with him if the evidence hadn't convinced me. He knows things," dad left it at that.
"So you've been to Boswell before," I asked though the answer seemed obvious.
"Many times."
A young man in his mid twenties poked his head around the door, although honestly, everyone around her except my dad seemed about that age, "Ready," the man announced. "Hope they're not going to be scared of Zen." He looked to my father for confirmation.
Dad eyed Tess speculatively, "You scared of mice Tess? Or in this case one very intelligent mouse?"
"Not at all."
The man seemed relieved, whether for us or the mouse I wasn't sure, "Well then, come in. I'm Jnarn by the way," he introduced himself to Tess and me.
As soon as we entered the room I noticed a very white mouse on top of one of the benches, eyeing us with interest. "Hello Zen," I greeted him, not really sure why I was greeting a mouse but in this one's case it felt the right thing to do. Bizarrely the mouse raised a front paw. I went over and gently placed my index finger under its offered paw. It seemed pleased. It bent it's head forward and nudged my finger, hinting for me to give it a pat. So I did.
Dad watched the whole exchange, mystified, "I didn't even know you liked animals."
I shrugged, "Neither did I."
"Btw," Jnarn butted in, "Zen's psychic. He likes you and says you're one really bright lady."
The mouse was a flatterer, "You can communicate with Zen?"
"Indeed. Most of us around here are telepathic although Zen is unique in being a telepathic animal. I was testing a retrovirus and it had a rather unusual effect on my lab mouse, it ascended him. Hence the name. He really is enlightened."
Tess went over to make Zen's acquaintance while I wondered something further, "Was that what happened to the cat that appeared in our car."
Jnarn was momentarily shocked, "Good grief no. I would never experiment on Meta. In fact Zen has asked us not to use any more animals as lab rats. Not unless it's their choice and they're not going to be harmed. Meta, the cat as you call him, is of a class of being who resonate at a higher frequency than those you might call angels or gods and goddesses. He chooses whatever form he wishes to take. Usually around newbies like yourselves he'll stay in animal form so as not to overawe you. There's too much danger of ordinary humans worshipping meta beings if they see them in their ascended form."
"And Meta raises the resonant frequency of the atomic particles around him," Tess surmised.
Jnarn nodded approvingly, "Exactly. Now, shall we discuss your futures? I've been nagging your father for ages but he wouldn't agree to it because he would have needed a new cover and he would have had to have had a fictional accident to explain his sudden disappearance from your life. He wasn't going to do that to you."
"That was for me to tell Jnarn," dad growled.
The two of them might have known what they were discussing but Tess and I didn't. Tess said it best, "One of you going to explain what you're talking about?"
Jnarn found a couple of sheets of paper and passed them to Tess and me. "Read."
We read and I had a good guess at how wide eyed I must have been getting as I did. I turned to the man I knew would never fib to me. Oh, that's right. He had. About my mother and his work. But on the day to day stuff I knew he'd be straight down the line, "Is this legit?"
"Yes," dad wasn't known for his long winded explanations.
I looked to Tess, "What do you think?"
"It can't hurt can it? I mean if it heals some flaw in the human DNA that's got to be a good thing right? It's not as if anyone's going to notice much with us anyway. We're both in our twenties and according to this it will revert us to our biological prime. Hey Jnarn, since I'm only just twenty one, it's not going to age me is it?"
Jnarn laughed, "I hadn't thought of that particular worry when I wrote the risk disclosure sheet but no, you'll continue to mature at a normal rate until you reach your peak which usually is around your mid twenties Tess."
"But the side effect?" Was I the only one looking at that, "Say I believe for one moment what you're saying here and I become immortal. What are the ramifications of that?" Obviously if it was true it would become true for Tess and dad but anyone else I knew would age and die. People would notice.
"Gratia," dad cleared his throat, "Everyone here is already immortal. Most sentient beings in the cosmos are immortal. Humans were effectively crippled with mortality so the alien species that's been enslaving mankind could control us better. Nothing like the fear of death to do that."
"Dad?" Had my ever logical dad become a conspiracy theorist?
He saw he was losing me, "I know I raised you otherwise Gratia but stay open minded will you please. You know that I wouldn't believe anything without evidence." Dad looked pleadingly to Jnarn, "A little help here please."
Jnarn closed his eyes for a moment. Another man appeared in the room, literally out of thin air, and he was complaining, "You know this getting a bit old Jnarn, you getting me or Upal to do the big bad alien reveal."
Dad stepped in to apologize and explain, "I'm sorry Mendal. I'm the one who asked. You know I'm a scientist. You can't blame me if I raised my daughter to demand evidence."
Mendal's face softened. "A scientist you say. Well then, for a fellow scientist," he transformed, eliciting a gasp from both me and Tess. Dad had obviously seen it all before as he seemed not so much surprised as bored. For me though, having a perfectly normal looking human, albeit one with strangely tangerine coloured eyes, morph almost instantaneously into a huge upright lizard like creature. It was a worth a gulp, or two.
Tess, fascinated by life in general, overcame whatever fear she felt in the alien's presence, reaching out to stroke his scales, "Beautiful."
"Best not to do that," lizard-Mendal exclaimed in a deep growling voice, "My mate Ally would object."
Tess snatched her hand back, "Oh, I'm so sorry."
Mendal transformed back into human form, "Not at all. But it's put me in the mood, so if you'll excuse me I'll go search out my mates."
He had more than one mate? "Just one question before you go please. What is it you do for a living here?"
"I was a space engineer, sort of like one of your maritime engineers but based in space. But both Upal, my inventor friend, and I prefer to be earth based now, to be with Ally. These days we work as part of Boswell's multifaceted engineering team. We help design everything from free energy systems to solutions to global environmental problems. Keeps us all pretty busy. Now if you'll excuse me," and he vanished.
Damn, I'd wanted to ask him so much more. I looked to Tess and we shared a moment. Neither of us were mind readers but in that moment we both knew exactly what the other was thinking so I just straight out asked Jnarn, "You have a spaceship around here?"
"Not at the moment. It's out patrolling the galaxy. We do have a short distance, spaceship to planet, transport housed in the hangar next to the fire station if you're interested."
"Very," Tess and I both agreed.
Dad frowned but our impatience seemed to amuse Jnarn, "uh uh, retrovirus first, then I'll arrange you a look inside the hangar."
Suddenly having the retrovirus seemed to hold some appeal. I mean if space travel, beyond the moon that is, was possible then you'd want some means to protect you from cosmic radiation and other risks out there. "What do you need us to do? Roll up our sleeves or something?"
"Not at all, just breath in from one of these," he handed us each what looked exactly like an asthma inhaler.

6

George met us at the hanger and let us in.  The unidentified flying object was magnificent. All black non reflective metal and sleek lines, "Easily transports four."
"Interstellar travel?" I wondered.
"Not meant for it," George explained. "It's for going between bigger ships or from ship to planet. But it can do Karpathia to Boswell in a little under ten minutes which comes in handy from time to time when we have to transport people who can't teleport."
"You make it sound as if teleporting is normal," Tess noted.
"It is. Unless you're a late developer you'll be doing it soon enough too."
"Then why bother with spaceships at all?" I asked.
"Because, except for meta beings, most people can only teleport themselves. And sometimes it's a little erratic where you land. If the cosmos thinks it knows better than you where you should be it can literally send you anywhere in time and space. Can get a little chaotic if you're trying to move a team and its equipment around the galaxy."
He had a point. "So, how does it work?" I wondered.
"Like what propulsion system does it use?" Tess was wanting the specifics right up.
George scratched his head, "It's not an easy thing to explain. You know how everything in the universe is energy, even if it's sometimes seems solid matter?"
"Yeah," Tess and I both agreed.
"Well the engine uses a catalyst to convert the energy, inherent in the fabric of space, temporarily into motion before converting it back to energy. Nothing is used or created, only momentarily borrowed."
"Uh huh," George's explanation was lost on me, mechanics had never been my strong point, but Tess was lapping it up. "Tell you what. Why don't you show Tess the innards of the engine while I have a better look around town." I felt like a hypocrite because I had always been interested in space flight but I was having a sudden realisation that while maths was my strength physics was not. I was going to have to do a crash course to fill the gaps in my knowledge or I'd have no hope of ever having anything to do with launching a spaceship.
George clapped me on the shoulder, "Spaceships need navigators who can calculate trajectories, read star charts and program flight paths. Even on a spaceship as sophisticated as this the computers are only as smart as the data you put in."
"You read my mind."
George shrugged off the accusation, "You were broadcasting your angst pretty loudly. Look, I'm no mystic but I can guess at some of what they might tell you."
"And what is that?" I asked defensively, bracing myself for more unwelcome truths.
"Just this, be yourself. You're exactly who you need to be."
"What? Why would I want to do that. My self is naturally a conflicted bitch. I'm doing my best to change that."
"I don't mean your pain body I mean your authentic self."
I hated jargon, especially new age jargon. "Speak English or at least define your terms," even to my own ears I sounded like a disgruntled school ma'am.
George huffed, I think he was starting to have regrets about this particular conversation. "Okay, okay. Give me a break. Counseling is so not my skill set. Your pain body, as best I understand it, is your collection of bad habits and the obstructed energy flows that result from them. Healing your pain body makes perfect sense. Your authentic self, on the other hand, is your collection of natural aptitudes, what excites you and helps you grow into a happier and more universally connected being. There must be things that when you think about them make you feel energized, lighter, less constricted, even vast. Be that. And that's the extent of my knowledge on the matter. If you want to know more find one of our resident mystics. In the meantime why don't you head down that way," he pointed down the main road of the town, "There's a small haberdashery shop down there. I'm no seer but I have a hunch you'll find some of your answers down there."
Not wanting to exasperate the man further I did just that, after telling Tess I'd catch her back at the pub later. 

7

The haberdashery shop in question was a quaint repurposed cottage, complete with a front verandah, ornamented with intricate white painted wrought iron lace work. Stepping onto the well worn wooden front porch gave me a sense that I was walking across a threshold into something special, something almost magical. And I certainly wasn't usually one for detecting such vibes.
"Come in," came a friendly invite from the depths of the building.
The inside was a mix of crafts and fabrics. I steeled myself for a shop full of knitted dolls and crocheted padded hangers but it was so much more. Neatly stacked shelves of bedding and quilts in a range of sizes up to super king size. Why the hell would anyone need a bed that big? Racks of clothes included the practical, such as overalls, cargo pants and jackets to the more interesting. South American ponchos, batik dyed sarongs, black Irish lace tops fit for a nightclub, handmade shoes including thongs and warm sheepskin lined boots. There were hats and accessories of every type. Quite literally the range was immense and nothing of it with a brand label. Surely the shop owner couldn't be responsible for making it all.
"Oh, good grief no," a pretty woman with a warm smile and a pentagram necklace at her throat came from somewhere out back to greet me. She offered her hand, "I'm Melissa and I'm guessing you must have come in with Geoffrey."
"My dad," I acknowledged. "I'm Gratia."
Melissa studied me with a practised eye, "I like the name. You chose it recently." It wasn't a question. 
I felt like the woman was looking into my soul.
"No, just your aura. As spectacular an indigo as I think I've seen.  Some muddy patches but there are some weak signs of healing. A bit of a confidence boost might help too. Hmm." 
While my jaw flapped at her observations she moved around the shop with the fluid grace of a dancer, picking out an item of clothing here, a trinket there. She returned with a bundle in her arms. "Try these on for size."
"Um, I'm a bit tight for money until I can get to an automatic teller machine." I didn't  want her getting her hopes up of a big sale or anything."
Melissa made a dismissive gesture, "You'll get the hang of how we work around here soon. It's called contributism. We all contribute to each other's wellbeing." She handed me the clothes and pointed to the change room. 
Curious about what she'd picked out for me to try on I pulled the curtain of the change room across and began to disrobe, "So, help me understand. I'm a mathematician. How can I contribute to your wellbeing?"
"Well, since you asked," Melissa laughed, as if knowing I would. "I've got a group of the school kids coming in shortly for help with their craft projects. I think if they could see the practical uses of maths it might encourage them to improve their designs. Up for a challenge?"
"Why not?" I had a bit of time to kill. As I turned to see the profile of the garment I'd just shimmied into I caught my breath, it was stunning. "You sure I'll be able to get this off."
"I'm sure, the fabric's got quite a bit of give. But if you have any problems bring it back to me and I'll make any necessary alterations. Do I get to see you in it?"
I stepped out of the booth.
Melissa's eyes gleamed with approval, "Oh, that's just perfect. And this will go perfectly with it. She handed me a simple but elegant pendant of sodalite, hung on a leather thong. "This stone will befriend and support in both your journey to discover your true self and to express your wishes to others. I know you are not a believer in such things but consider giving it a go, another part of your payment to me. Wear it for three weeks and if you haven't bonded with it by then bring it back to me."
"Okay," what could it hurt? It was a pretty stone. "You know I've often wished that my eyes were this colour. Apparently they were a deep blue when I was an infant but they soon turned to the dull muddy brown color I have now."
"I suspect they will revert once the genetic cure you received takes hold but if you'd like to speed up the process I can ask Sally to drop by at the end of the craft class."
I wasn't sure what this Sally could do about it but, "as long as it doesn't hurt."
Melissa chuckled, "No it won't hurt. Now go and try the rest of the clothes on. The kids will be here soon."
Everything in the new wardrobe she'd picked out for me made me look something more than I'd ever seen myself to be. And sexy. Low cut but not indecent necklines, sumptuous textiles, tailored fits in vibrant but not overstated colors.
"Just don't go wearing any of this when you go to wake up your vampires. They're likely to rip it all off you."
So Melissa was playing into that game of make believe too. But I went along with the joke of it. "Have no fear on that score."
Melissa placed all the items into a beautifully crafted woven basket. She'd no sooner finished than a bell on the front door rang as the first of the school kids waltzed in.
The next couple of hours passed surprisingly quickly. I helped Julia adjust her pattern for a pirates outfit, showing her how to make bisected triangles, which Melissa came over and called darts, to pull in the fabric in at the right places. 
Mick was wanting to make some more interesting crochet than the usual granny squares so I showed him how to use graph paper to work out a pattern for a dinosaur. Given that each square on the graph paper was going to translate to three crochet stitches it was going to be a pretty big project but he seemed enthused enough to complete it so we raided Melissa's wool bin for some black yarn with metallic and red flecks in it. A bright green eye he could fill in at the end. 
The biggest challenge was Graciela's project. Graciela was visiting the school on exchange, from Peru. Yet she wanted to do an Icelandic jumper. Why someone visiting from the tropics of the Yungus would want one I didn't know but maybe it had a certain exotic appeal. Graciela could understand English but spoke it only haltingly. I had no Spanish so communication was a challenge. Fortunately many Spanish words sounded something like English so we each spoke our own language and did our best to understand each other although I sensed her frustration. She pointed at my head and hers and I knew she wanted to mind read. "Sorry Gracie. I can't do that but if you can read any of my thoughts go for it," it was going to be up to me to keep my thoughts on topic but focusing usually wasn't a problem for me.
Together we looked at the pictures she'd brought with her, cut out of some magazine. I could see her problem. She was going to have to fit a pattern multiple times around the shoulder band but in such a way that it joined up seamlessly all the way round. "What we need Gracie is to work out how many stitches you need around the band and make sure the pattern divides it up evenly. If not we can adjust the pattern." We made a rough template first out of paper and draped it around her shoulders, adjusting it until it lay about right. Then we measured. "Have you done a test piece for the wool and needles you'll be using?" I had no clue when it came to the crafts but making a sample using what we had made sense.
"Si señora." Gracie handed me what she'd done earlier. We measured it carefully. Then we used a piece of wool to follow the curve of the band. A quick sum, which I showed Graciela how to do and we had the total number of stitches for the band. We rounded the number up to 300 which I happened to know was easily divisible by a variety of numbers.
"It would make things easy if you went with a simple pattern 30 stitches wide," I suggested but not wanting to dictate her solution.
"Diez veces?" my bright student asked. She held up all her fingers to make her meaning clear.
The sign language worked for me, "Exactly. The pattern will repeat ten times around the band, five times each side. One in the middle and two either side. But even better than that 30 is divisible by three and ten. By ten means it will easily fit onto graph paper and by 3 means we could do something like this. I roughly sketched on paper a six point star and the basic outline of a snowflake. That's when my imagination took flight, the snowflake reminded me of a fractal snowflake which gave me an idea for improving the efficiency of the town's small spacecraft. Fractals increased surface area. More area meant more for the engine to work with. In that moment is was like I was transmitting that idea to Tess. I felt my mind touch hers. And then her acknowledgement, Brilliant, we could also use that same principle to improve the data storage on their internal computers. I'm relaying this to George now. 
The presence of Tess's mind faded from mine and I sat back in my seat stunned. I'd  just communicated mind to mind. Not only that but I'd had an epiphany. What my dad had steered me into studying was exactly what I'd needed to know. I'd inwardly resented my dad for pushing me into pure, conceptual, theoretical mathematics rather than letting me pursue a career on the applied, more practical side but maybe the two weren't as separated as I'd thought them to be. After all all knowledge had once started out as theory. Theory and Practice. Me and Tess. It was a perfect fit. And if we could communicate mind to mind all the better. We could be unstoppable, mathematically at least. Suddenly the vision Leigha had proposed to us no longer looked such a flight of fantasy. Interplanetary travel at least, I was still reserving judgement on the vampire bit. All we needed now was a bigger spaceship to play with as there was no way we were going anywhere in what the town currently had.
Graciella touched my hand, bringing me back to the moment. Her knowing smile gave me no doubt she'd picked up on some of what had just gone through my mind. She held up a design she'd sketched onto the graph paper while I'd daydreamed. It was a simplified version of the fractal snowflake she'd seen in my mind.
I grinned and gave a thumbs up. "Perfect."
As I went to leave to see if Melissa needed me to help anyone else Graciella tugged at my hand. 
"Puedo?"
Um, "I'm  sorry I don't understand."
"Close eyes."
I didn't understand why she wanted me to close my eyes but I did as asked. I was momentarily startled when her dainty fingertips gently touched my eyelids but I kept them closed. I felt her fingertips warm, a gentle nourishing energy flowing into my eyes.
"Now open", Gracie commanded as she removed her hands. She smiled warmly, pleased with whatever she'd done.
Melissa came over to see what we were up to but when she looked at me she merely nodded, "Well it looks like I don't need to get Sally to pop over after class after all." She meandered off and returned with a mirror which she handed to me.
Mystified I looked into the mirror and found two pure azure blue eyes staring back at me. "Well I'll be?" I hugged Graciela to me, "Thank you, thank you."
Graciela shrugged her shoulders as if she'd done nothing special, "De nada." But I knew from her pleased expression that she was happy I was happy.

More content than I'd been in a long time I took my arm load of 'shopping' back to the pub and decided what to wear. The black Irish lace top wasn't as revealing as I'd feared. The design discretely covered all the right places. The hand crafted blue jeans were well tailored, as if made for me. The finely woven black and silver stranded belt took my fancy, as it had in Melissa's shop. A little bit of goth. Why not? The shoes, well they were a work of art. Their base made from a single piece of carved wood, polished smooth. The upper part of the shoes was made of natural fibres yet softened using some process I couldn't guess at. They didn't look as hippy as I'd feared and they went well with jeans. 
I took a moment to see if I could connect again with Tess. In my mind I found her still with George, in some machining workshop, discussing how best to implement my fractal idea. They were in their happy place. I left them to it and wandered downstairs. A crowd was beginning to gather for the nightly bistro. Had I been that long at Melissa's?
Rachael was in the kitchen helping her man, Jeff. I poked my nose in the door "How can I help?"
Rachael beamed a smile that hit me dead center, "Bless you. We could use an extra waitress for the night. With the Delphines here for the conference on the ocean's problems we've got more diners than we can easily cater for. Can you take that food out the back to them. Oh and don't take it personally but the Delphines are not overly fond of humans."
Was she implying they weren't humans? "No problem," I took the well laden trolley of what looked like a large platter of sashimi, bowls of seaweed soup, one resplendent salad, two cat bowls labelled Meta and went in the direction Rachael pointed.
I entered the room as discreetly as I could. Unwilling to interrupt their discussion.  As I surveyed the room's occupants I had to do a quick stocktake. No these weren't humans. Well one maybe but she had an aura of calm and power about her that had me guessing that if there was a hierarchy here she was at the top. Although the way she stroked the cat in her lap, the same cat who'd been our key to the town earlier, I had to wonder whether the cat held pride of place. Figuring I knew which meals were theirs I placed the salad before her and the cat bowls on the floor at her feet.
The woman smiled and shook her head, "Actually he prefers to eat from the table."
Of course he did. I picked the bowls up and put them on the table. The cat jumped up and lapped at the contents, which looked like no cat food I'd ever seen. He purred loudly.
The chair next to the 'human' was empty but radiated a strange quality of light, somewhat nebulous but definitely there. Hmm. What to put on the table there?
"It's alright Gratia, Eadaoin doesn't ingest matter. It's too dense a substance for her etheric body."
"Oh," what else could I say. "Thanks for explaining." I sensed others in the room wouldn't have bothered.
"You may call me Ma, it's kind of a nickname. May I present to you the Delphine high council."
"Why would we care who she is?" one of the delphines muttered, "She's just another two-legged." Like the others of his kind gathered in the room his front skin was white while the back half of him, including the backs of his arms, was a darker bluish grey.  They were all completely bald but they did most definitely have two legs so I didn't understand what the problem was.
One I took to be the only woman in their midst bristled, "Do you forget what I am?"
The man next to her stroked her arm affectionately, "What you were Ang, my angel. You are ours now. We do not hold you to blame for the actions of humans. But you must admit that if we were to get rid of them, perhaps by making the air as foul as they have made our oceans, our problems would go away." He addressed the woman but it was me he watched for a response. Baiting me no doubt.
I placed a bowl of fish soup before him. Should I or shouldn't  I say anything? I looked to the only other human looking woman in the room, "May I add to this discussion?"
Ma seemed pleased, whether because I hadn't taken the bait and stormed off or because I was prepared to speak I wasn't sure. "I for one would welcome your thoughts." A few around the room rolled their eyes but no one challenged her. "What do you think of the state of our oceans Gratia? Do you have any ideas?"
It wasn't actually something I'd ever considered much. "Where's your data?" Always a good place to start.
Ma pushed a folder towards me. Its contents were indeed enlightening. Rising ocean acidity and an explosive expansion of the planet's oceanic dead zones. Shit. This was bad. "You're certain of this?" I hoped that there was at least some doubt.
"Deadly serious," the species biased Delphine commented. The implication of his tone could be taken a number of ways and I was sure the welfare of humans didn't enter into it.
"I'm no environmentalist," I freely admitted, "but I think this has gone beyond your simple fix of getting rid of humans", which is what I had wanted to point out when I first interrupted. "You can do us in but that won't fix a problem of this size quick enough to save the life in the oceans which is what I think you're on about." Well they sort of looked like two legged dolphins. It would make sense that they would have the health of the oceans as their priority.
"What do you suggest Gratia?" Ang asked.
Hmm. I decided I may as well brainstorm out loud, "You have two problems, perhaps three as I see it. You need something that will oxygenate these areas while also producing a slightly alkaline byproduct. Not too much of course or you'll swing things too far the other way. If the solution would sequester, sorry, tie up, some pollutants that would be good too." I had their attention now.
"And a solution?" Ma prompted.
And I would know why? I wondered but perhaps? Thinking with my ex husband's microbiology hat on an idea occurred to me. "An extremophile. Some kind of microscopic life form that could adapt to the low oxygen conditions in these dead zones, that could feed on any toxic waste and restore the balance to those areas of the oceans. There are a lot of deep sea volcanic vents where strange things live. If one of those could be quickly adapted."
"Hmm," I wasn't sure if that meant Ma liked the idea or not. Everyone looked to her as she considered. Then some idea glinted in her eyes. "It would take too long to genetically modify one and test it so we knew it wouldn't backfire on us, making things worse. But. And I realize this is a but. We've seen Emily and her mates work with Callan on Mars to create and modify lifeforms. The sound forms they use are complex and we can't be sure that life on Earth would respond in the same way."
"But," it was me encouraging her now while my mind mulled over the unlikely notion that the Callan she referred to was someone I knew rather well. There were people up on Mars?
"But it is possible that Yaguar, an icaros, singer of the sacred songs of making, might be able to do something similar. Especially if he could telepathically connect with the Martian team. Thank you for the idea Gratia. Would you be able to calculate us an estimate of how long it would take to fix the problem if our solution works?"
I didn't answer her right away. I looked at their data again, calculating the total area and volume of ocean we were looking at. Immense. Then I closed my eyes, concentrating and choosing the equations I needed. Opening my eyes I grabbed one Delphine's pen, much to his consternation, which I cheerfully ignored. I scribbled my calculations on the back of a napkin. "I'd need to run this through a computer program to produce you an actual simulation. Just on a basic calculation I'd say that if you are able to introduce a single organism into these three sites," I circled my chosen targets, "The ocean currents will distribute it to the other areas. Given a conservative growth rate it should only take about a week before you start seeing a small but noticeable rise in oxygen levels. How long for a full fix I don't know. You'd need to run this past a specialist in complex systems," one in particular came to mind, "someone at least who knows all the variables better than me."
"Best guess," the Delphine whose pen I'd pinched wondered.
Ugh, I hated guesses. "I believe it takes a thousand years for the deep ocean currents to fully circulate. However," I quickly reassured as I watched their grim expressions, "The surface currents move a lot quicker. Storms also move the top of the ocean around. It's just the guess of a non expert but I think the microorganism would spread out first along the equator, I don't know, a season perhaps."
"Have we got that long?" Ma quizzed.
My eyes quickly scanned their data again. "I'd say just long enough but please check that with an expert." Why they didn't have one here I didn't know. I guess there were only so many humans aware of the existence of these beings.
"We will" Ma nodded, "You may contact the person you were thinking of a moment ago. I'll send you over a computer with the data." 
Hell, what had I just got myself involved in. Computer simulation, no sweat. Contacting Asha however was going to be another matter. The woman didn't exactly like me. "Ok." Yeah back yourself into an impossible corner Gratia why don't you?
Silence ensued while I distributed the rest of their food. I wasn't to be privy to their telepathic decision making it seemed. I quickly exited and returned to the relatively calm waters of the kitchen, picking up my next order.
8

With a tray of drinks to deliver I entered the main bar area. A band up on a small stage in the corner belted out some contemporary celtic-rock numbers. Surprisingly Tess was up there with them, singing the other half of a duet. Where'd she learn to do that and where'd she learned the song? I realized there was still much I had to learn about Tess. Her ability to step into most things and have a damn good go blew my mind. I really had been limiting my own life hadn't I? No don't answer that.
It was only when Geoffrey walked over to pluck his mead from my tray that I realised I'd frozen for a moment, deep in regret. 
"You're too young for that much sadness in your eyes Gratia. Immortality remember. Tomorrow is another first day of the rest of your life. Every day is. Cheers," he raised his glass and took a sip. "Not bad. Lacks the kick of alcohol but they've got the taste right." 
I took a deep breath. Now was as good as ever to say what I needed to say. "You were right dad."
Dad nearly sputtered his drink, "What? Those aren't exactly words I ever expected to hear from your mouth. But you've got my mystified. I don't exactly remember doing anything right by you."
"Well you did. Not just the one-parent job you took on raising me. Dad I realized today that what you had me study was exactly right. As much as I love the fantasy of travelling the stars I never had a passion to get my hands dirty making stuff. I wouldn't have enjoyed engineering as much as I know Tess will."
Geoffrey studied me with thoughtful appraisal. "It may be just that you are attracted to what you're familiar with."
I shook my head, "No it's more than that. I just don't feel a thrill when it comes to pulling things apart and putting them back together. Although I'm quite happy running a few thought experiments through my brain. The realization I had today is that what I know can have practical application if I work with others who need those insights. The only thing that kept my maths 'pure' and not 'applied' was myself. I'm not in uni now. I don't have to draw imaginary boundaries around the subjects that interest me and how they can be used by others. Telepathy is going to be a wonderful way to connect that knowledge with those who can understand and apply it."
Dad arched his brow, "you're already telepathic."
I shrugged, "Only with Tess."
"Interesting." He seemed to know something I didn't but before he could explain further his boss interrupted.
"May I butt in?" Dad's boss came bearing a remote control in his hand.
"Andrew," I acknowledged.
"Ma said you wanted to work up a simulation based on the data you saw."
I had said I would. Hmm, how hard could it be? Still, I'd better give myself some breathing room. "No promises but I do think if I could plot the data into a 3D array we might get a better picture of what's going on and what the options are. No offence to your conference people. I know they understand the seriousness of the problem. But I wonder if they understand just how many variables might affect the situation and how even changing one small thing might prove to be a breaking point for the entire system."
Andrew frowned, "You're scaring me."
There was no easy way to say it. "Be scared. Did Ma say anything about me contacting an expert I know."
"Can we trust her?"
Fair enough question but, "How did you know it was a her?"
"I can see her in your mind. You're worried she hates you too much to help."
I sighed. "She has reason to. I wasn't exactly nice to her back in grad school. That aside she's the best damn biosystems engineer I know."
"But is she a good person? Will she fit in here? Can we trust her?"
"You let me in you know. I'm haven't exactly been what I'd class as a nice person."
Andrew laughed at that. "We did didn't we, however, that you know your faults and are finally prepared to work on them convinced us to take a chance on you."
Wow. That made me feel kind of warm inside. I didn't know what to say on that so I didn't. I vouched for Asha instead. "Asha Anand is a wonderful person. Passionate and ethical. Born Tracy Marie Harris she changed her name after spending two years in India. It's why we fell out. I told her that if she was so committed to her work she wouldn't have wasted those two years in spiritual retreat when she could have been consolidating her career. I was annoyed with her because I saw her potential. I knew she was special and that her ideas would be revolutionary. In hindsight I should have kept my thoughts to myself but, well, there you go. Water under the bridge and all that. Ugh, I hate cliches."
"It's alright Gratia, I'm not here to judge your past. My job is to ensure the secrecy and security that's needed to protect the alliance's operations. I'll run Asha through our security checks. There are others here who will check in with the akashic re her metaphysical readiness to work with us. I'll let you know if she passes our scrutiny." He handed me the remote. " Ally, our resident electrical engineer, has just finished installing a computer in your room upstairs. You'll need this to switch it on. We got Yiannis and Evie over from the Rasselas to install their latest voice programming software. You only need to spend a few minutes training the computer to understand your voice then command away. If you prefer you can use hand gestures. He said to say it's," he fished into his shirt pocket for a note, "Object oriented, whatever that means."
"It's alright, I do. It just means it has a few built in black boxes that do stuff. I can plug those together with a bit of code and should be able to get something to you fairly quickly."
"Andrew covered his ears. I do not need to know the how."
It was my turn to laugh. "Fair enough but if you ever want a non technical insight into the latest advances in cryptography or automated surveillance let me know. You know as a boss you should at least know what your employees can do even if you don't want to know the how. Now let me at it."
Andrew eyed me speculatively. "You've been a leader?"
Not the bait I'd thought he'd latch on to. "No but I've worked under a few. I've observed what works and what doesn't. I've no burning desire to lead though."
"Hmm," definitely something ticking over in his mind. "I've got to go. If you're free for a cuppa over the next couple of days I'll take you up on those non-technical insights," he emphasized the 'non'.
Andrew left, leaving me wondering how the hell they'd arranged a computer installation so quickly. It had been less than half an hour since I'd left the alien beings in the conference. Dad tapped me on the shoulder. "Shall we go and have a look at this computer of theirs?"
"Dad, I haven't even eaten yet and I'm helping out with the waitressing."
But just as I said that Rachel appeared at my side with a tray of food. "Your shift's finished. Tess is taking over."
I turned and saw Tess, in the doorway to the kitchen, putting on an apron. I gave her a thumbs up. She did the same back. 
Go get that computer up and running. Just leave me some space on the hard drive to play too. I heard in her unmistakable voice in my head, laced with enthusiasm and curiosity.

Dad had the tray. I had the remote so I opened the door to the room, to no computer. "Do you think they installed it in the wrong room?"
Geoffrey shook his head, "Knowing these people as I do I doubt it. Try the on switch on the remote. Maybe it will open up some hidden panel in the wall."
I pressed the on button. Instantly a holographic image appeared. The 3D form shimmered as I passed my arm through it. The woman in the image grinned back at me, oddly familiar.
"Well I be," Geoffrey exclaimed. "She has your hair and nose but definitely Tess's eyes and mouth."
He was right. I knew that look, "Hello," I ventured.
"Hello, my name is TG."
"Hello TG, I'm?"
"Gratia Sullivan. And this would be your father."
I glanced around the room for hidden cameras but found none. "You can see us?"
"Sure can."
Idle curiosity had me in its grasp. "Does your name have a meaning?"
"I am named for Tess and Gratia. My makers thought GT sounded too automotive so they reversed the initials. I hope you will not take offence. You may give me another designation if you wish."
Take offence? Oh, because Tess's initial was first. "No, I like your name. Nice to meet you TG." Now down to business. "Do you have access to the oceanographic data I saw earlier this evening?"
"Certainly," the image of TG disappeared and was replaced with charts of the data I wanted.
"Amazing!" Geoffrey breathed, entranced with my new friend. "I'll go and try and contact Asha while you two get to know each other."
"But it's evening."
"And that means that in America?"
"Oh good point. Yes she might speak to you. Go for it."
Dad wandered out into the hall with his phone so as not to disturb us.
"Ok TG. What I need is make this data more complete, add in all known causes of these dead zones, simulate some interventions and put together an easily understandable 3D presentation that's understandable. How does that sound?"
"I'm excited by the challenge. Can I also suggest we make the presentation animated."
"You can do that?", wow!
"No sweat. I am beginning analysis."
I took a breath, as excited as the computer. "Consider pollutant runoff. I'm no environmental scientist but I'd lay a bet that's a factor."
"It is. I'm finding that nearly all the mapped areas of dead ocean are near major agricultural or industrial areas. Searching now for marine studies that may have sampled for pollutants."
Hmm, mankind had been farming for several millennia. Okay, not on the current scale but they had farmed. What might have changed? I thought of all the flat plains around the world and followed a hunch. "Are any of these farming or industrial areas on reclaimed swamps or river deltas."
"Very astute Gratia. Yes. There are some dead areas next to steep areas where trees have been felled but yes, a large proportion are on freshwater river deltas."
"What would have been special about those areas before they were drained? Is there some unique feature that would have kept pollutants from entering the oceans?"
"Yes, a couple of reasons actually. These areas would have been natural habitat for freshwater oysters and other filter feeders. Also the marshy ground would have filtered much that came down the river."
"So, big cause right there. Now focus on the oceans. What is the underlying geology of those areas?"
"Mostly stable continental shelf."
So not a real issue. "What does grow in these areas? How dead is dead?"
"Algae, if anything. The algae uses up much of the available oxygen in the water. Those fish that do swim through are migratory. There is evidence that the water quality affects their breeding cycles."
"Hormones?"
"There are a number of chemicals sampled in the water including residue drugs used by humans and in animal farming."
"Hmm. And the oxygen levels are bad. Is there anything natural that could restore oxygen levels?"
"Phytoplankton. But it would need to be adapted to the living in the dire conditions the pollutants cause. And there's the microplastics problem as well. Not all plastic stays in those gyrating garbage dumps out in the middle of the oceans. Eventually the ocean currents pick up the ground up particles and distribute them. Animals such as turtles mistake the small plastic bits for fish eggs and gobble them up. Those oysters and filter feeders we were discussing earlier also feed on them. Except the plastic has no nutritional value and halve their ability to breed."
"So the very creature we need to clean up the runoff entering the oceans is being threatened by the other problem with plastics."
My mind was aching with the complexity and scope of the problem being faced. "Okay TG, factor in what you've learned and start modelling. What help do you need from me with that?"
"None, I'll have it ready for you soon. I have received an email from Andrew McCullum authorising us to send our analysis to Asha Anand. Do you wish me to do so?"
Our analysis, I'd hardly done any of the hard work. "Let me check in with my Dad. Hopefully he's got her on the phone by now. I'll go see."
I peered into the corridor. Dad gave me a thumbs up but continued to speak into his mobile. "Yes that's right. An international intergovernmental alliance. No I can't tell you more until you're cleared. At this stage I just need a yes or no. You interested? Good. We'll be contacting you shortly. And Asha ? keep this strictly to yourself. There may be danger to yourself and to our efforts if word gets out. Why would anyone want to stop us? Because we might ask something of governments that vested interests would not want to happen. This isn't some research project. We're talking the survival of the planet. And yes there are those who would step in our way. Stay silent and stay safe. Talk to you soon." He hung up.
"I'm okay to send what we have then?"
Geoffrey looked stunned, "Already?"
"TG's a pretty fast worker and we also have a clearance from your boss."
"Well then. Let's see what she thinks. She can chew over it while we sleep. Have to say though, I see what you mean about her being a bit naive. I don't think she's ever encountered any of the evil out there."
I could believe that of Asha, "I think she's a good and gentle soul and as such she mostly attracts those people into her vicinity. Or as she would say, those who resonate at her frequency. She's been well protected all her life. Supportive parents, small elite schools and an academic supervisor who's always been right behind anything she wanted to do."
"Well she's in our world now. I hope she's not in for a rude shock."
I shrugged my shoulders, "All the people I've met so far here are good souls, we only need to get her safely from there to here. Shouldn't be much of an ask. Fancy some of that food?"
Geoffrey looked worried but he nodded. "Come to mention it, I'm getting very hungry."
We ate. TG sent the data to Asha. What a day! This much change in my life in just one day had me wondering just exactly what was possible, with everything.

9

I stretched and yawned. The day was starting to take its toll. I looked at the clock. Eleven pm? Cripes! After dad had gone TG and I had gotten to know each other better. She was more than just a new bleeding-edge tech toy that any nerd would have loved to get their hands on, including me. She had a personality. I liked her. I hoped Tess would too. But my eyes were trying to close on me and unless I found a couple of toothpicks to prop them open I was going to soon lose the battle, "I'm going to have to call it a night TG. My body's overriding my attempts to stay awake."
TG laughed, someone having programmed her with an uncanny semblance of emotions, "I understand. It's like when someone switches the power off on me. You won't switch me off will you?" concern etched her voice.
"Not if you don't want."
TG's holographic facial expression was relieved, "Cool, I'd like to work on my circuits and subroutines while you sleep."
Huh? What computer did that? "Maintenance?"
"More than that. I'm capable of doing my own learning. I would like time to reflect and build on my new experiences. Besides, its slightly disturbing to be switched off. One minute I exist and the next minute I'm nothing. I don't even get to experience awareness of being nothing. Definitely weird."
I had to admit I hadn't thought of the realities that faced an intelligent AI like TG. I had a small notepad in my bag. I ripped out a page and wrote on it. Don't switch me off. Please! Putting the note next to the remote. "There.That should do."
"Thank you Gratia. I appreciate your kindness. Have a good night's sleep."
"Night TG."
Still a little uncomfortable about the bed sharing I left a tshirt and my underclothes on.

Just after dawn I woke to the unfamiliar yet comforting feel of a warm body at my back. An arm draped over me, somewhat possessively. I'd been afraid of this kind of proximity yet I had to admit I felt no discomfort. Rather nice actually. I'd gotten so use to the life of a single since my divorce I'd forgotten what it was like to be so close to another person. So as not to wake the other occupant of the bed I tried to furtively extract myself. To no avail. A soft groan issued forth, behind me. I rolled over to face her. "Go back to sleep Tess, I'm just getting up to have a shower."
"Hmm, shower, sounds good. Leave the heater on in the bathroom for me." Then she rolled prone and started snoring softly. I guess she'd had a later night than me. I'd been asleep well and truly before she'd come in.
Quietly I tippy toed across the hall to the bathroom in a dressing gown I'd found in the towel cupboard. I revelled, as I always did, in the warm waters of the shower, cascading down my back. There was something so cleansing about a shower, more than body. I often imagined the muck of my life washing away down the drain hole. Whatever. I always felt better afterwards so it was the way I preferred to start my day. I took a bath towel from the heated rail and cocooned myself in its warmth. Honestly, they didn't seem to have any issues with energy in this place. I made a mental note to quiz George later.
Returning to the bedroom for clothes my acute hearing detected the faint electrical buzz of the computer. "Morning TG I whispered."
Picking up on my cue TG whispered back, "Morning Gratia, breakfast has been delivered, it's on the table. Would you like me to display the morning's news feed?"
"That would be great. Nothing about what happened on the highway yesterday I hope."
"Actually, there is," TG displayed an article from the local news about an underworld abduction of the daughter of an infamous crime identity.
"Oh, bloody hell," this from Tess who was now sitting up in bed and reading the same holographic display.
"I can put a call into the local Boswell Alternative News network if you would like to exercise your right of reply Tess," TG offered.
"Er, who are you?"
I decided to do the introductions, "Tess, TG, short for Tess and Gratia. TG, Tess. TG is our computer.
TG's screen display shimmered to reveal her humanoid avatar, "Nice to meet you Tess."
"Wow," Tess was as agog with the technology as I had been the night before. "You're way cool TG. Um, your suggestion. Can I actually tell someone I'm not missing? I don't want Geoffrey or anyone else in any trouble. Even if the people here know I'm safe it still might cause hassles in the outside world. I don't want to have to explain myself at some police station if I step back into that world." 
"Inspector Wilson will be here in fifteen minutes to take your statement. I thought you might like to shower and have breakfast first. The news crew will arrive shortly after that."
Tess frantically scruffed her hair, knowing what a disarray it was in, a cute disarray, "Hell," not used to TG's efficiency. She ran for the bathroom.
"Did I do wrong?" TG asked, dismayed.
"Nah, that's just Tess. It wouldn't have mattered if you'd given her 15 seconds or 15 years, she'd still panic she didn't have enough time. If I could suggest TG, a lot of humans have a few weird bits in their behaviour patterns. It's best just to allow them, kind of like you don't worry about the colour of the clothes we wear."
"I could advise on clothes," TG offered helpfully.
"I'm sure you could, um, we'll ask if we need your opinion."
"I sense from your hesitance that advice on clothes is a difficult subject."
I sighed, hating to admit even my own foibles on this one, "Mostly if we ask for an opinion on clothes it's for confirmation that we've made the right choice and we look wonderful."
"I'm not comfortable about the potential of having to lie."
"Then don't. Change the subject or focus on something that looks right and comment on that."
"Okay?"
Poor TG, thrown into a world of human idiosyncrasies, "Back to what I was saying before. It's best to allow us as we are, however odd we may seem at times. Don't take any strange behaviour on our part personally."
"You're very wise Gratia."
Hell no, "Not exactly, I've just had more experience than you with my kind. Plus I know how I think. As you acquire experience knowing how to handle us will get easier." How could I ease things for her? "You're good with data TG. Observe as much as you can of human behaviour and when you have down time between tasks we give you reflect upon it."
"Data, yes I can handle that."
Tess ran back into the room, passed us, barely covered in a towel. She made a dash for her backpack and began rummaging for clothes.
In the midst of the ensuing chaos I noticed a mobile phone, that I recognized as my father's, was silently vibrating its way to falling off the coffee table. I grabbed it in time. "Geoffrey Sullivan isn't here at the moment, can I take a message?"
"Help me. They're coming to get me."
"Whoa, settle down. Who is this and who's coming to get you?"
"I'm Asha Anand. Look I don't have time. Geoffrey sent me some data and I passed it round a few colleagues for thoughts. Next I know I have a phone call from some thug telling me to hand over everything I have and destroy any trace on my computer or I'll disappear into some deep dark hole, never to be seen again. They're coming. They told me to stay where I am. If I leave the building before they arrive I will meet with an accident."
Uh oh. "Look firstly, don't stay where you are. If they're not there yet it's doubtful they have a sniper in position or anyone else waiting for you. Is there a back way you can exit? Or a ventilation shaft?"
"Ventilation shaft! You've got to be kidding! I'm not that small."
"A window you can climb out then?"
"I'm up on the second floor."
Shit. "Give me a moment," I converted the speaker  "TG, can you get onto Andrew McCullum and let him know we have a problem."
"Already done. He's assembling a team now." 
Still barely dressed Tess screeched as our room suddenly filled with a team of heavily armed beings. I hesitated to think humans because you could never be sure around this place. At the same time there was a knock at the door. A cop in full uniform and there was a camera crew coming up the stairs with someone who was probably a journalist on their heels.. "Come in. Inspector Wilson?"
The cop shook my hand, "Nice to meet you. And this would be our errant kidnapee I assume?"
Tess gave him a wary look, her family distrust of cops showing, "I haven't been kidnapped. Geoff and Gratia saved me from being forced into robbing the Bank of New South England."
"I see, care to make a statement."
"I can't give you evidence that would directly harm my old family but I can give you details of the planned heist."
"Understood, looks like you're busy, I'll come back after I've the cancelled the search warrant for you."
"Thanks."
"Call me Michael, it might make you more comfortable if you don't get stuck on thinking of me as a cop. I'm here for you. I'll make sure to wear plain clothes when I return."
"Oh, thanks."
The most imposing member of the armed team, a tall, moderately muscled man with long blue-black braids of hair that brushed past his shoulders, coughed to get our attention, "I'm assuming Asha's situation is urgent, we'd best get going. Tess, do you mind sitting this one out, perhaps you can do your interview on the landing?"
"Who the hell are you to tell me what to do?"
"Tess," I pleaded. "Asha's in trouble."
Tess relaxed her shoulders, "Oh, right. Going outside. Go do your thing, just bring Graz back in one piece."
The man gave her a respectful salute, "Consider it done."
As Tess went to speak to the journalist, one of the people now crowding the room, a woman who looked less of a warrior and more of a people person, passed me the cat I'd met the day before, "Hold onto him like your life depended on it, it does."
I didn't need to be told twice, I wrapped the cat in my arms and stroked its short tabby hair, "Shouldn't my father be here? Asha knows him," I left the other problem unsaid.
"We're aware of Asha's dislike of you but she does know you. And your dad's a little indisposed this morning. The genetic cure often has a few unpleasant gastrointestinal side effects as it heals."
Oh. Poor dad. "Let's go then." There was no point going into introductions, we didn't have the time.
TG wished us well as the world went white.
10

I shook myself, uncertain of what had just happened. My surroundings had changed. Snow lay on the lawns of the university. It had been a feeble start to summer where I'd come from but not that bad. Definitely a change of hemisphere. From my vantage point on the steps where I'd landed I could see a black SUV pulling up against the sidewalk. Uh oh. Cat in hand I moved behind a pillar and looked for an escape.
The man who seemed in charge of our team waved me in his direction, indicating to hurry. Yeah I got that. I ran along the portico to catch up.
"Do you know where we find her?" He asked.
"Er, no. But I think they do. I pointed to the half dozen thugs who were exiting their vehicle, brandishing assault rifles and hoods hiding their faces. Where were the university security people?"
The only other woman with us closed her eyes for a moment then spoke, "Two floors up, room 205. We need to go this way. There's a fire-exit to the back of that floor."
Which was probably locked but bossman seemed unconcerned. "Thanks Tyra. Arion, you look the least scary of us. Take Tyra and Gratia with you and see if you can beat them there. Simon's contacted the Vice-chancellor. The security people have been warned off and the whole place put in lockdown so we don't need to worry about innocents. The rest of us will try and slow them down." Bossman headed off with two others to do just that.
"Um, can't we just do what we just did getting here to get up there?" I wondered, stroking Meta's fur.
Tyra shook her head. "Too risky. For such a short distance you need to either have line of sight or a good visualization of where you're going. Follow me."
Arion and I hurried up the fire escape after her. Meta purred in my arms. I wondered momentarily about putting him down but it was a strange place and I felt the urge to protect him. Okay, I'm not apologizing, I like cats. Any excuse to hold one.
We reached the fire-exit. Arion put his hand on the lock and something clicked. The door opened with ease. Tyra went to go in front but Arion held her back, "It's my job to check if it's safe. You look after Gratia." 
Tyra rolled her eyes, muttering, "Men, always protecting. Don't you love them?"
Somehow I knew she wasn't complaining, too much.
I could hear gunfire in the distance. We needed to hurry. Arion motioned us towards him, standing outside room 205.
"Asha? You in there?" I yelled.
"Who's that?" a terrified voice could be heard.
"I'm?" Yeah who exactly was I? She knew me by my old name but if I said I was Alys she mightn't open the door. I decided on fudging rather than dishonesty, "I"m the lady you spoke to on the phone this morning. Name's Gratia. I've brought help."
"How do you know Geoffrey? Prove to me you know him and know what he said."
The gunfire sounded closer. Running out of time. "He has a mole under his left ear. The oceans' dead zones threaten the whole planet. I'm the one who sent you the simulation. Was I right? We need a phytoplankton that can adapt to those conditions, filter off the toxins and output oxygen."
The door creaked open. Asha peered out, scowling as she spied me but I was quicker, jamming my foot in the door opening just as she tried to slam the door shut. "Don't be like that Asha. We're here to save you. Just because you don't like one of your rescuers is no reason to be ungrateful."
"Friggin' hell Alys?"
We were interrupted by the sound of a fight coming from the lift well. Arion waved us into the room before he went down the corridor to see who would step out of the elevator doors.
Asha let me and Tyra in, Tyra locking the door behind us. I wondered about that. Weren't we blocking Arion's retreat, "Er?"
Tyra patted me reassuringly. "Arion will be fine. It's Asha who's destructible."
Oh.
"Why are you holding a cat Alys?"
"Please call me Gratia. I've left Alys far behind. The cat's name's Meta. He's your transport. First though we need to scrub your computer."
Asha stared at me a moment then shook herself, "Already done. Deleted, defragged and all restore files scrambled. I passed a neodymium magnet over the hard-drive for good measure. What I need's on here." She held up a portable hard-drive.
That didn't surprise me. Asha had always been a quick thinker, "Then let's go. I know you don't like me Asha but trust me enough on this. Touch the cat."
"I'm allergic to cats."
Damn, "He's the non allergic variety."
"He looks like a plain ordinary tabby, how can he be low allergy?"
Tyra stepped into the fray. Gently taking Asha's hand. Asha looked at her in wonder, like she was seeing some goddess. "Your vibrations, oh my god!"
"Meta's got better vibes than me and he won't hurt you. I promise," Tyra assured as she placed Asha's hand on Meta and our collective world went white again.

We landed back in the room I shared with Tess and TG. 
Asha looked bug eyed, "What the hell just happened? How did you even get to me so quickly? I was a continent away. Who were those people who were after me? Why me?"
I looked to Tyra but she smiled and shook her head, "Uh, uh. My job was simply to put a friendly face on the extraction team and heal Asha if they'd already hurt her. You dragged Asha into this, you explain. Just remember that the meeting reconvenes in an hour and we could really do with that simulation." At that she disappeared.
While Asha's jaw flapped at Tyra's sudden disappearance Tess stepped back into the room, ruffling her blue streaked back into its usual wild look. "Oh, that was a quick rescue. You must be Asha. G'day. I'm Tess. Have you met TG yet?"
"TG?"
If Asha had been a little overawed by Tess's ball of energy she was blown away by the hologram that shimmered into the centre of the room. "That would be me. Have you any changes you would like to make to the simulation Asha?"
"Um, shit, yes, let me get my breath." She took a deep breath then fished the portable drive out of her coat pocket. "Is there somewhere I can plug this in?"
"Into the data port under the light switch," TG instructed.
"A holographic computer, who would have figured," Asha muttered under her breath. She plugged the drive in.
Almost immediately TG displayed the update. I peered at it closely. "Oh, I see you've added in earth and space weather data. Cool. I didn't think of that."
Asha looked at me in awe, "You coded this?"
"Hell no. Someone had done some base data. TG worked with that with a few suggestions from me."
Asha stared at TG in awe instead, "Amazing. It would have taken days of coding for me to make this kind of visual display."
"Thank you Asha," apparently the complement wasn't wasted on TG. "High speed programming is what I'm good at. I'm meant to save you time. I can give you access to the raw code if you would like to change any of the parameters or I can simply take verbal instruction from you on any adjustments you want."
"Good grief. I could have seriously done with a computer like you when I was number crunching a geological survey last week. No, I don't need you to make any changes. The updates you just made should work fine. How do I get it to this meeting you're all talking about."
"I will send it electronically to the conference room. All you need to do is be there to explain it unless you would like me to do that too."
"Whoa girl, you'll do me out of a job."
TG gasped, "Oh no, I could never replace you. It isn't possible for me to think like a human and come up with the innovative ideas you and Gratia have." She seemed sad at that.
I felt the need to reassure her, "TG, you're perfect as you are. Don't waste what you are by trying to be like us."
"You're very sweet Gratia, but I do feel limited. I am no more than an electrically generated hologram with a bit of advanced artificial intelligence. I can't walk or feel touch."
Hmm, she had a point. The world's possibly smartest computer and I was feeling her pain. "I'll think on that." Maybe Tess, me and TG's creator could come up with some enhancements for her.
"Did you just call Gratia sweet? That's not the moody, arrogant ?"
"Hey, hey," Tess interrupted, "Watch what you say about my best friend or you'll be answering to me and I assure you lady I don't pull my punches. Gratia's moved on from her past, don't you dare go dredging it up now. Okay she hurt you. Does that give you the right to hurt her now? Haven't we got more important things to do, like saving a planet."
Asha, who'd ignored Tess till now, took her measure. "I apologise. I try to live my life by spiritual ideals. I know better than to judge", she turned to me. "It's Gratia now is it? Let's leave Alys behind then and start over. I'm very pleased to meet Gratia," she extended her hand.
I took the offer, although not sure how long it would last. Asha's dislike of me had run deep. "Nice to meet you Asha. May our present and our future be more respectful than the past. I deeply regret any hurt I caused you."
Asha's shoulders relaxed. "A wise Toltec shaman once told me that what people do and say to you has more to do with them than you. Not to take things personally. I need to remind myself of that sometimes. Let's get to work on the details of our presentation. "After this meeting's over, then" she emphasised, "the three of you are going to answer all my questions."
Well, some of her questions. There was still the matter of a secrets act. Later. I sat down next to her and thrashed out the detail while Tess made us a much needed cuppa. I think Tess was staying around incase she needed to intervene on my behalf again cause I knew she'd much rather be up to her armpits in aerospace mechanics, down at the firestation.

11
"As you will see from this version of the simulation, if we do nothing all life in the oceans will cease in 28 days." Asha paused for effect.
Deathly silence ensued so Asha continued, "We've run the simulation with a number of different scenarios. I won't bother you with them all but just show you the effect of our suggested solutions. Gratia, if you could?"
I pulled up our best short term version of the simulation. Asha picked up her laser pointer and directed everyone's attention to the ocean drop off points we'd decided on. "If we were to introduce a suitably engineered phytoplankton or algae to these areas the currents could start circulating it even as it begins multiplying."
"And how long will that take?", the grumpiest of the delphines asked.
Hell, here came the real doomsday pronouncement, "About 25 days," Asha pronounced.
"About?"
"25 days, six hours and five minutes, give or take a margin of error of 3% which means it could take up to three quarters of a day more or less."
Jnarn, who'd joined in the meeting, blanched, "Even if Helena and I could genetically alter something like what you propose it would take us months of testing and refining. You just can't release any old thing. It could have catastrophic consequences. Remember the introduction of the Cane Toad into Australia and what that did to the ecosystem of the North of Australia. They still can't be contained." 
"We're talking about the death of the oceans. What could be more catastrophic than that?" Ang queried.
Jnarn nodded, agreeing "True, but it still can't be done in the time. We'll need something by the day after tomorrow, at the latest, if we're going to allow for Asha's margin of error."
"What about the Martian solution?" Ma wondered.
Asha and I gave her blank stares but everyone else looked at her in horror. 
"You know that thing is invasive," Em pointed out, "That's why we don't allow any return travel from there, excepting those beings who aren't entirely physical. It's the very reason that shipment you just received is in quarantine."
Ma disagreed, "It's not invasive. It's just successful at colonising every nook and cranny on Mars. It stays away from areas where it's not wanted, like the Din mining camp. It won't even go near other lifeforms unless it's invited. Not only that but we can reason with it, because of the consciousness that resides within it. If we could bring Emily and her mates here they could work with that consciousness to quickly create what we need. You know they were pivotal in seeding the newly reformed oceans on Mars."
Em grimaced, "Yeah, with cephalopods. And those two legs who are responsible for introducing them have fully integrated with that Martian thing."
Ma came to their defence, "It was only fair that the cephalopods were given the chance to rise to sentience on at least one planet in the solar system. They have too many competitors here. They have stayed out of your way but at the detriment of stifling their development into an aquatic civilization like those they have on some other planets in the universe."
"So while the two legs destroy our oceans the eight suction legged beings get full reign to establish themselves in vacant territory. Meanwhile the two legs get to rule the lands of Mars," Em noted.
"They are not ruling Mars," Ma countered. "They are working cooperatively with the other lifeforms on Mars, as we should."
She had a point. I was certainly favoring her arguments although they left me much to ponder like what was this conscious lifeform? What could Emily do that Jnarn and his fellow geneticists couldn't and what was with that shipment they had in quarantine? A shiver ran down my spine. Prescient? Nah, not me. "So it all comes down to whether we can trust this life form. Honestly I don't know we have much choice at this point. There are some interesting bacterial lifeforms that live under the ice in Antarctica but as Jnarn says, we don't have the time to modify them. And lets not forget that if this is to work for the long term there are some other adjustments that need to be made."
The Delphines looked at me like I had just sprouted a second head or something, "Such as?" Em asked.
"These dead spots started offshore from major industrial, timber logging and agricultural areas. If we don't get the responsible governments to start immediate efforts to constrain effluent and reinstate the swamps that used to filter such things then even this life form you're talking about will be up against it long term. We need to move industry away from river systems. We need sustainable farming that doesn't rely so heavily on nutrients to force growth. That's all going to take some very high level negotiation and speedy action. The civil engineering alone, to reinstate swamps and river deltas, will take a massive effort. An effort that will only happen if we can scare enough decision makers into action."
The magnitude of the task stunned everyone but there was no understating what we faced. Though I suspected that the silence in the room hinted at many telepathic conversations going on. 
Em finally broke the silence. "We are agreed. Mostly. We aren't keen on bringing any contaminated humans back from Mars. If it's the only option we'll risk it but we'd prefer not to. What Gratia has proposed has been on our wish list for some time but we didn't have enough evidence of impending doom to push for it. As to the introduction of a new life form into our oceans, we wish to speak with this consciousness to satisfy ourselves of its intent."
Ma leaned back in her chair, relieved, "That can be quickly arranged. I have an agent on Mars who's become a Meta being so there's no danger of him carrying any contaminants. He can bring a hermetically sealed vial of the lifeform here or if you wish we could arrange for one of you to go there to speak with him."
"Him, as in your agent or the life form?" 
"The life form of course."
"Does it have a name? If we are going to keep referring to it it would save confusion." Em pointed out.
Ma gave me an uneasy glance for some reason then looked back at Em, "I believe a biologist named it plasmodia mascus or PM for short, since it was simply a slime mold before it started evolving into other forms. The consciousness that resides within it does have a name but at this point in time I'm unwilling to reveal it. I have my reasons. Let's just refer to it as the PM for now. Now, are we going to bring it here or are you going there to talk with it."
"You are sure of it?" Em queried, concern etching his delphine white forehead.
"Not only I. The high council of the Malakim discussed it before I came to this meeting as we saw it as the only viable option. We are agreed that the opportunity far outweighs the risks."
Em bowed his head in deference, "So be it. But before we adjourn may I suggest that we employ Asha, who I know came to help us at great risk to herself. I can't imagine any better two leg to persuade the governments of the world of the problem. Her simulations were most persuasive."
Hmph, like it hadn't been a combined effort between me, Asha and TG. But he was right, we'd put Asha into the firing line. It was only fair she got some payoff for her troubles. That and I wasn't the people person Asha was. I didn't fancy the job and I guess the mind readers in the room would have known that. I quietly slipped out of the room. My job here was done. I had another project on my mind. 

12

I exited the pub, stepping out into a warm summer's day. Honestly I'd been too focused on what we'd been working on to even notice this morning. I needed a moment to think and wondered if there was any way of getting down to the nearby lake. I often thought better when I was near water. It was like somehow the element balanced me. It would be nice if it was as simple as closing my eyes and visualizing where I wanted to go, like the others talked about. Just for the laugh I did just that, then swore as freezing cold water drenched my jeans. I opened my eyes to find myself knee deep in water. Looking around I realized I was not at the lake but in it.
Are you all right? Tess's worried voice reverberated in my head.
My teeth chattered as I strode back to the shore. It might be a warm day but summer hadn't caught up with the temperature of the lake yet. Oh just hunky dorey. Bloody hell. Remind me not to try that again in jest.
You teleported? That's impressive.
Yeah, but my navigation was a bit off. They were right about only going places you were sure of. I could sort of do with a towel right now and a way back. I haven't got a clue which direction the town is in.
Stay put. George is organizing some help for you.
His drone?
No something a bit more furry. You're not freaked by large dogs are you?
Er, as in the large wolf with husky blue eyes that is now staring at me with a basket of clothes at its feet. I took a breath to calm myself. I was actually freaked out by large dogs and certainly wolves but it was bit late to worry about that now. Why would anyone around here keep a pet wolf?
Tess sensed my unease. Sorry Graz, I didn't know about your fear. If it's any help he's not actually a wolf. His name's John or you can call him Major. He's like Meta. He won't harm you.
I considered 'John' for a moment, "If you're not actually a wolf could you take on your normal form please."
The wolf morphed into a resplendent man dressed in army greens. "My apologies. I usually hide my form around normals. Or in your case, near normals. But you're not about to be overawed by me are you?"
"Awed? Get a life," but that sounded a tad rude. "Sorry John, I'm Gratia and I'm trying to get rid of bitch as my middle name. Nice to meet you. Thanks for the dry clothes. I assume you can show me the way back to town."
John turned politely as I began to shed my wet clothes, "Actually I came to take you to the Rasselas. You want to meet TG's makers I gather. Given your first experience with teleporting I thought you might prefer a lift."
The water, albeit a freezing immersion, had cleared my head. "Yes, I'd really like to talk to TG's creators. So they're not around here?"
"No, they live in the wilderness to the south, inside their own annex to this dimension", he turned as I finished pulling on the dry shoes over the carefully crafted hand knitted socks. He held out his hand and I took it.

The island where we found Yiannis and Evie was pretty much entirely covered by a massive crystal structure. Other islands dotted the bay, with similar structures and terraced gardens. Along the shoreline of the bay was wall to wall pristine temperate rainforest. Massively tall trees dripping with ferns and moss.
"We live on the islands so as not to unduly disturb the wilderness,"  a beautifully tattooed and unashamedly half naked Evie explained as John and I followed her inside. "We do forage along the shoreline, for bushtucker, for driftwood and weaving materials but we take the minimum for our needs and grow the rest on the islands. It's part of our agreement with the Fae who claim this land as their own."
Faeries? Like Eadaoin? I saw nothing of them in the vicinity. Not even a shimmer. My eyes scanned everything of the alien-like complex. We descended to a lower level crammed with screens and computers, "You didn't grow those here."
Evie grinned, "No, that might be a bit of a challenge even for Bran but I wonder sometimes if we shouldn't try. These computers were donated by Boswell. We backup their data on the servers here in case anything happened to those in Boswell. Early on the Din tried a couple of times to wipe their town out but being in a parallel reality they're a bit safer these days."
Good to know but I was curious, "How would you get Bran to try and create a computer?"
"Oh, he and JJ can call most things into existence if they have the right base chemical elements and hit on the right frequencies. It's all to do with musical modes, harmonies and such like. Each raga is an array of melodic structures that is designed to create a certain mood or effect. They literally called these buildings into existence from the rock that's found on this island."
Interesting, "Could they work with living material?"
"I guess so, I'd have to ask. But I don't think that is why you came here."
"No," I was going to say more but John suddenly disappeared, leaving me bemused. It seemed my taxi service had done a runner.
"Don't worry, he'll be back to take you back to Boswell. He went to talk to Bran and JJ about your idea."
Damn, that was quick. How could I even keep up with these people? "When will I develop the telepathic communication you guys use so easily between you?"
"You can't hear anyone?" Evie quizzed.
"Only my best friend."
"Female?"
"Yes"
"But I get a sense you are not inclined to intimacy with females."
I coughed, near choking, "Uh, no. Why?"
"Normally the first person or persons we hear are those we are soul linked to. Usually there is a sexual attraction but not always. Bran and JJ are best friends and nothing more, although I think there is an easy camaraderie between them that borders on what a long time couple might have."
My mind was going to have to chew a bit on that one, later. A young man I assumed to be Evie's mate came to greet me.
"You must be Gratia. What do you think of TG?"
Straight to the point, I could do that, "She's great but I fear she may become depressed if we can't give her some of what we humans have. The ability to truly feel emotions rather than just simulate them and the ability to touch things and people. I've explained to her that she has her own strengths but it seems important to her."
Yiannis, I assumed it was Yiannis, sat down heavily in a vacant chair near a workstation, "Damn. I always knew it was a risk when we made a computer with so much artificial consciousness. She's just enough to be sentient but limited enough to frustrate the hell out of her."
Yiannis was too focused to offer me a chair so I found one anyway and sat down too. Evie pulled up another. 
"Could we use some sort of augmented technology to give her more of an interface with Gratia and Tess?" Evie wondered.
"Possibly, but if she's already verging on depression as Gratia says then we need to look at longer term solutions that would enable her to inhabit a form that could move around. I might have to talk to Naira afterall."
Evie patted him, in a 'there there' fashion, "I know you wanted to go down a different path, creating a workable android from the technologies available on earth rather than duplicate what she'd created on Mars."
They had workable androids on Mars? "Can't we bioprint her a body or something?" I asked with an outsider's naivety. Artificial intelligence was a little outside my field even if I understood some of the mathematics."
Yiannis perked up at once, "They printed a body for that Arcturian Trian."
Evie wasn't convinced, "Yes but we still don't know how he managed to transfer his consciousness into that body. It was probably some special Arcturian ability that allowed him to do that."
"What about," I was brainstorming madly, "Cellular automata?"
Yiannis stared at me a moment, "for a purely theoretical scientist you have some amazingly applied ideas. You're thinking of creating cell like structures and then embedding some extra component into them that would do the computing?"
Was I? I wasn't sure where I was streaming these ideas from. "Cells have little factories in them that create energy for the cell, mitochondria I think they're called. What if you insert, like you say, a mini quantum computing chip."
"A computer inside a carbon based cell?" Evie mused. "It would have to be capable of being replicated when the cell divided."
"So built from a protein structure that could be coded into the DNA," I offered.
Yiannis nodded enthusiastically, "That might work. I'd have to discuss it with Jnarn and Helena. Then there's the problem of getting the mini-computers in each cell to talk to one another, to form a network powerful enough to house TG."
"Some electromagnetic field connection," I suggested.
"Even if we could bioprint her a body made of these cells we still have the issue of how to give her true emotions."
"Can't you mimic the chakras or something? The acupuncture pathways are intimately related to emotional balance in humans. Is there someone who could consult on that?"
"You want her to be a whole and healthy spiritual being? You're not asking much Gratia. We haven't even achieved that for the bulk of the human race yet," Yiannis whinged.
"Only because we've been got at, I'm told. With that virus that limited our abilities. If you have access to the knowledge of other sentient species then isn't there someone out there with the knowledge of how such metaphysical systems work?"
Evie clapped her hands together with delight, "The Shang. It's hard to say how they will feel about us playing creator and giving TG the semblance of a soul but It's worth an ask."
I had no idea of what species they were referring to but if they could it would be what was needed, "If not this Naira person?"
Yiannis sighed, "She's brilliant. I'd really wanted to do this without asking her."
Evie kicked him in the shins which saved me the trouble, "Yiannis, don't let your ego get in the way of helping TG. You started this project. You owe her the chance to be the best she can be."
Yiannis winced, contrite, "You're right. And there's signs that the automated protectors, as Naira calls her creations, are developing emotional and soul like attributes."
Evie rolled her eyes, "They've had 100,000 years to evolve."
"Yes but," Yiannis countered, "Rudol recently invented some kind of code that connects them to the very heart of the galaxy, if not the universe. The few who have had the code seem as connected to the Akashic field as Gratia appears to be."
"What the hell are you talking about. I'm not connected with anything."
"No?" Yiannis quizzed. "You're trained in AI, nanotechnology, genetics and bioengineering then?"
"Of course not. Look I didn't tap into anything. Those ideas I just spouted. I probably read about similar stuff somewhere. I read the latest science news every morning. It just got buried in my subconscious."
"Yeah, sure," Yiannis wasn't convinced.
"Look," I needed to steer this conversation off me and to the task at hand, "In the meantime how can we help TG? Short term solutions and all that."
Yiannis pulled thoughtfully at his wispy beard. "Well, we could implant you and Tess with radio frequency ID chips."
"Pass. You're not digging any holes in me. I'll leave it to those hankering after a cashless society to wave their technology enhanced arms at automatic teller machines. I'm in no hurry to go down that path." Didn't they realize that if crims wanted to steal from them they could just chop off their arms and empty their bank accounts quicker than saying oops.
"A heads up display?"
"I hate glasses and how does that help TG anyway? I'd get information from her but how would she get anything from me?"
"She'd know what you were looking at?" Evie thought.
"No I'm not going around with a swathe of technology hanging off various parts of my body. Next."
An extraordinarily impressive undoubtedly alien man entered the room, in little more than a loin cloth. I looked away.
The man chuckled, "Good to know our mathematician can blush. I came to make a suggestion. What about an almost invisible tattoo? All you'd see would be the gold dust that, as a semiconductor, would form the circuit of a transceiver for TG. I could do the same for Tess. The three of you could then be in direct communication with each other at all times. You and Tess telepathically and TG through a telepathically enhanced neural pathway."
A what?
"Brilliant Alpha," Yiannis, at least, seemed impressed.
I braved looking at the man, above the navel, "What if I wanted time out with my own mind. You know, privacy. Now there's a word." I came over cynical but, well, I was. I'd been told I could learn to block the telepathy but would that work with a transceiver on my arm. And there was the other fly in the ointment, "How am I going to hear TG telepathically if she's not, you know, my mate or something. It could be awhile before I develop general telepathy."
"She has a point Alpha," Evie noted.
Alpha shrugged his shoulders, "Easy, I'll tattoo an amplifier into the circuit. As to privacy, Yiannis and Evie are just going to have to program a 'snooze' function into her subroutines."
Hang on, there was something they were missing, "Wouldn't a tattoo be permanent?"
"I'll incorporate the circuit into a design that harmonizes with your soul. A phoenix I think, rising from the flames. You have a fiery personality do you not?"
The man made me feel like I was as spiritually naked as he was physically. Tess, you listening in on any of this?
Tess laughed in my mind, Avidly. I suppose if he's willing to work a design around the kitten I already have on my arm that would be okay. Got to go though. We're at some factory with a CNC metal cutter. George has given them the designs for the engine parts, based on your wild fractal idea. They're feeding them into the computer now. Catch you. Then she was gone.
I sighed deeply. On the balance of options this sounded like the best. I didn't really mind having a tattoo. Kind of suited my new freed up personality. But, "I don't like pain."
Alpha laughed, "You think you don't. I assure you that the way I do it will be highly pleasurable."
Hmm, "Could you wear a bit more clothing while you do it please?"
Alpha roared heartily, greatly amused. "I'll think on it. I'll go and get my gear. Don't go anywhere."
I guessed I wasn't going anywhere anyway, until John came back, "Don't suppose I'm entitled to a last meal."
Evie smiled, also finding me amusing. Seriously these people needed to get out more. "You should eat something to get your blood sugar up before Alpha starts. Tattooing can sometimes cause mild shock."
Oh just great!

13

I lay face down on the bed back at the pub, where John had returned me after my tattoo experience. Alpha had been right, damn it. That and he must have been mighty skilled at judging where my pain boundaries were as he had successfully ridden that fine edge between pleasure and pain. I wasn't sure what to think of myself, having zoned out with the experience. I guess the pain and pleasure centers were in the same part of the brain so there was always going to be something odd there for us humans. Alpha had told me many sentient species were the same.
Thankfully he'd wore some drawstring pants while he'd worked on me. And he'd taken his time.
No small lanky phoenix rose from the flames. I didn't like weedy things and Alpha knew it. My bird looked more like a cross between and eagle and a griffin, lifting off into flight amongst golden flames that traversed much of my back. He'd mind shared with me an image of it before he took up the needles and the ink. Forehead to forehead the image had come into my mind, pure and resplendent, saturated with colour. I just hadn't expected him to do it in one sitting. Once I'd blissed out into something he called subspace he could have done anything, which kind of scared me. But we hadn't been alone. Others who resided on the islands came to watch the work in hushed, awed tones. I don't know why. I'd seen some of their tattoos and they were pretty spectacular too.
Only now I wondered if I should have asked TG before going ahead with all this. I had to trust that Alpha had successfully incorporated the necessary circuitry into the design and that Yiannis and Evie were busy writing the code to make it all work. In theory I wouldn't need a remote control to access TG anymore. Would it work yet. As ever I was impatient. "TG, are you awake?" I spoke rather than try the hypothetical mind link. It might take a while for the cyber-telepathy to kick in."
TG's hologram shimmered into the room, "Gratia? Are you feeling okay. I was concerned when that man left you there but you seemed to be resting."
"I feel fine. More than fine. Just a bit blissed out is all. There's a bit too much endorphin running around in my system."
"Endorphin? The human body only produces that when you're hurt. Are you hurt? Can I call someone to assist you?"
I sat up, talking into the bed might be a bit muffled and I needed her to clearly understand what I was about to say. "I'm fine TG but we have much to discuss. You know how you said you wished you could be more like us?"
"Yes and I remember you saying I was special as I was."
"You are but I worried for you. I understood that it might be frustrating for you to be limited to a hologram, tethered to a computer mainframe. And as you said, you lacked the sense of touch."
"Thank you for your concern. Yes I did complain didn't I? I'm sorry. I didn't mean to appear ungrateful for my existence, as it is. Being is undoubtedly better than not being."
"It's okay to say what you think and feel about yourself TG. If we can help you we will. Only I kind of took things into my own hands and went to see your makers."
"Really?" TG perked up, suddenly excited. 
I told her what I'd done and what we were looking into for a better long term solution. "I have no idea if this circuit idea is going to work but if it does we're going to have to have an agreement between you and I. We both need our privacy at times. Yiannis' going to load in a couple of keywords so I can switch the circuit on or off."
"Can we try now?" TG was more than eager.
"Okay. I don't know if they've written the code yet but here goes. 'TG Snooze'"
TG's hologram disappeared. Okay that had worked. "TG awake".
Her image reappeared, "Oh, but it didn't switch me off altogether. I like that. I hate it when I'm switched off."
"I know. That's why we came up with this scenario. And I'll only use it when I want time on my own, bodily functions, moments of intimacy with others, that sort of thing." Some wishful thinking there on my part but I wanted it clear.
"And Tess will get this circuit too."
"Yes, they will enhance her existing tattoo."
"This is marvelous. I only need to learn this cyber-telepathy you speak of. And if I get a body it will handle my computing power?"
"I'm hoping so. You'll have a central processing area, a brain as such, but memories and personality might be stored in any cell of your body, holographically networked, much as you are now."
TG frowned, probably not entirely happy with my 'I hope so'. "But emotions?"
"May be a bit trickier. We'll consult. Although I think Yiannis is a little disappointed that will mean you will no longer be entirely his and Evie's creation but the product of a team."
"I will thank him for his sacrifice."
I laughed, "The only sacrifice was his ego. Egos can be a bit of a problem for us humans. Fortunately his mate advocated your needs were more important."
"My inbuilt dictionary says an ego is a person's sense of self-esteem or self-importance."
"It's a little more than that. It's how we see ourselves. A collection of labels and habits all bundled up in a thing called a comfort zone. A zone we don't go out of for fear of embarrassing ourselves. The ego can both empower and constrain an individual."
"Sounds scary."
"It can be. But it does have value. It gives us a sense of self, a unique identity. However the trap comes when you think it's all you are."
A knock at the door interrupted our deeply philosophical discussion, "Can we came in?" Tess's voice asked.
We? "Just a minute," I grabbed a shirt and threw on my Jeans, the ones that had dried since their morning drenching. "Okay."
Tess was followed by a petite Asian woman who looked like pure danger. Not in a prayer would I underestimate her.
The woman bowed slightly, "You have a good survival instinct Gratia. May I introduce myself. My name is Kitsune Agung but you may call me Kit."
"Hi Kit." I bowed my head slightly in mimic of her greeting. It might be important. I knew enough to know that some Asian cultures bowed to each other. "How can I help you?"
"It's I who can help you. I understood you were coming down from the bliss state that can occur when Alpha skillfully wields his needles. I came to make sure you weren't going into a drop."
"A drop? You mean I might get all miserable after this bliss."
"Not always but it's possible. May I check your pulses and tongue?"
"You do traditional Chinese medicine," I guessed.
"Japanese traditional medicine, also known as kampo," she corrected. "Not really but all ninja were trained in the basics. If we were hit in battle on a pressure point it was important to know how to rebalance the system. My mate, though, is a doctor and master of Balinese herbalism, should you need."
By ninja did she mean the real deal? I thought they'd been wiped out by the Shoguns of old Japan who saw them as valued spies when they needed them but a threat when they didn't.
"I am, as you are wondering, the real deal," kit answered my thoughts. "I've been on this planet for a few hundred years. That may sound impressive to you but it is nothing compared to the life spans of some around here." Not waiting on me further she sat down on the bed and indicated for me to do the same. Then she placed my wrists on her lap and moved her fingers over places just beneath the thumb on each side. It was as if she was listening. She released my hands and peered at my face. "Now your tongue please."
How embarrassing to stick my tongue out at someone I'd only just met.
Kit laughed, "I promise not to tell if Tess won't."
Tess crossed her heart. I took that as enough and stuck my tongue out.
"Okay, that will do. Tess please, could you put the kettle on." Not waiting for Tess's response either she proceeded to unwrap a carefully folded parcel that opened to reveal a small collection of herbs. She took a pinch of a few then added them to one of those little spring loaded tea strainer gadgets. "I've added a small pinch of licorice to this so it shouldn't taste too bad. Let it soak in the cup for a couple of minutes."
"That's it?"
"It's a restorative. It's all you need for now. I understand you have been in the care of a naturopath. It would be good if you continued with your treatment as there is still too much heat in your system."
"I don't feel hot."
"Not that kind of heat. The heat I speak of rises out of anger and frustration. Those two emotions, if not brought into harmony with your being can damage the liver. Simon and Tyra over at the georgian house next to the park would be able to help you more. They have an extensive garden of herbs. As I said my knowledge is limited to battle damage and the effects that can sometimes arise from BDSM."
"Hey, I'm not kinky."
"Yet you spent much of the middle of the day riding the edge of pain and pleasure. When you lust for more come and see me. And Gratia?"
"Yes?"
Kit rewrapped her parcel of herbs as she watched me with eagle eyes, "Think of becoming a leader. Your soul desires power. Much of your inner frustration comes not from whatever unintentional harm your father may have done while bringing you up but from your own inability to embrace your full potential."
Kit up and left before I could argue or point out the my enjoyment of so called 'subspace' and leadership didn't seem to go together. Weren't subs meant to be submissive to some all knowing dom. Yeah, I've read a novel or two but maybe I needed to know more. There was something I was missing.
Tess passed me the now brewed cup of tea, "You're not seriously thinking of exploring BDSM are you?"
I smirked knowingly, "Ask me that question again once Alpha's finished enhancing your tattoo." I sipped the tea. Ugh. I'm glad she'd added the licorice.
Tess choked, and she hadn't even drunk the tea. "Actually I don't like needles."
"Then how did you get your kitten done?", this was the first I knew of anything bothering Tess. She was usually fearless.
"I kind of raided my brothers hash cookie jar and my boyfriend held my hand throughout."
"I didn't know you had a boyfriend," someone who could be missing her right now.
Tess waved off my concern, "Oh, that was ages ago. My brothers ran him off. Too much the educated middle class nerd for their likes. And honest," Tess looked a bit wistful
"You liked him."
"He showed me a glimpse of a world I'd only dreamed of up to that point. He was the first I revealed my plan to. He helped get me started, giving me a few of his old high school books. But one day he turned up bruised and battered. He told me he liked me a lot but my family were too damn scary. I didn't see him again."
I wasn't sure whether to think of him as a gutless bastard or wise.
Tess shook her head, "The family made it clear that any future relationships would be with one of their associates or not at all. Anyone else would be made to disappear. I couldn't risk relationships after that. From time to time my family would try and set me up on blind dates but I'd always be somewhere else on the day. In the end they gave up, telling me I could be alone and single for all they cared, as long as I ended up working for them. As far as they were concerned they owned me."
Bastards. Time to change the topic, "Hey, guess what I learned?" I told her of my theory. "Fancy a visit to Jnarn to see if we can find their quarantine area?"
Tess's eyes lit with glee, yes there was my Tess, "You bet."
TG wished us luck as we headed out the door. I was starting to think luck is what you made for yourself.

14

Tess and I pushed the front door open to the genetics institute, "Hello?"
"Nobody in," Tess noted when our call was answered with a resounding quiet.
I had a thought, "There might be someone." I looked around Jnarn's lab and found what I was looking for. A white mouse was up on one of the shelves, watching us intently. "Don't suppose you know where we'd find the quarantine area Zen?" I asked, hoping the mouse might pick up my thoughts even if I couldn't hear him.
Zen clambered down the maze of ramps that seemed purpose built to allow him to navigate the lab. Once on the ground he looked back to see that he had our attention then scurried away.
"Follow that mouse," I muttered as much to myself as Tess.
We did just that. Down a corridor, to the right, through automatic sliding doors that appeared to sense Zen. We came at last to doors marked 'quarantine, do not enter'. The mouse stopped. He shook his head at me. 
"It's okay Zen, we won't get you in trouble. We'll just peer in." There was a small window high above the door frame.
"I could get up on your shoulders," Tess offered.
"I hoped you'd say that." Being somewhat petite Tess was the logical choice. I let her climb up on my back which was still sore but I gritted my teeth. "Just don't strangle me."
Tess had the audacity to laugh, "I thought you were discovering your inner kinks."
'Nah, strangulation is definitely on my hard limit list," I held onto the door frame to steady myself. "What can you see."
"Three very large containers. They're hooked up to some power supply. The lids look transparent. If the size of those containers is anything to go by their occupants would be getting on to seven foot. Over two meters anyway."
"What exactly are you ladies up to?" At least Jnarn didn't sound annoyed.
I knelt down so Tess could get off of me, "Just satisfying our curiosity."
Jnarn shook his head, amused. "You weren't even supposed to know about them until we cleared them of any Martian contamination."
I rolled my eyes at him, "Just because we can't hear you guys thinking doesn't mean we're not smart enough to put two and two together. The delphines mentioned a shipment you had in quarantine. That they were worrying about some Martian lifeform at the time hinted that Mars was were the shipment came from. It also hinted that whatever was in those containers might be living. Put that together with the fact that Tess and I have been playing into a reality creation scenario that was given to us, one that in all other respects seems to be happening. Well we had to know. Can we go and look at them?"
"Certainly not," Jnarn huffed in exasperation. "What would the point of the quarantine if you did that? I'd have to put you two into quarantine as well and start the whole waiting period over if you broke the seal on these doors. You're going to have to wait. Geoffrey's not ready yet anyway."
Oops, I'd forgotten completely about my dad. "How is he? Can we at least go and see him?"
"He's resting up in George's apartment. He should be through the worst of it."
I tilted my head towards the direction we'd come, hinting to Tess we'd best go. 
Tess, though, had other ideas. "You will let us know when we're okay to see them? You won't let any harm come to them?"
"We're not savages Tess," Jnarn stared her down. "We didn't bring them here to do them any harm. I seriously doubt either they or their containers are in any way contaminated but we tread carefully around the alliance we have with the other sentient beings on this planet. We had to put in place protocols to satisfy them. And anyway, we weren't entirely sure that you realised that what you'd ordered were indeed real."
"We realize now but I'm not sure Geoffrey does. Can I tell him?"
Jnarn considered thoughtfully. "Your father is no coward but he might run a mile if he thinks there's any chance his Lyrean is real. Let's wait until he sees her."
"You call them Lyrean. Is there anything you can give us on this species and their culture to read about? You know, give us a heads up." I wondered.
Jnarn seemed amused again by that, "Yes, I can see how that might be advantageous. I'll contact the President of Karpathia and see if he can send you some reading material."
"Should we be bothering the head of state of a country?" Tess asked.
"In this case yes. He is a staunch ally and moreover he'll be coming here in a couple of days to give you his thanks personally. They are his species afterall."
He knelt down before Zen and laid his hand palm up on the floor. "Come my friend." Zen walked onto his hand and happily allowed himself to be placed in Jnarn's top pocket where he could peer out.

15

Tess and I climbed the outside stairs up to George's above garage flat.  The sliding doors to the deck were open. George sat next to a man, about his age, going over some blueprints. "Can we come in?"
George looked up and waved us in, "Please, we were just going over the designs of the spacecraft and looking at what adjustments might need to be made to accommodate the new engine."
"How's the manufacturing of the engine going?" I hadn't been as involved as Tess in its construction so I was curious.
"It's being polished, or more technically you would say lapped, down to half a micron."
"Wow, that's precise." The finish would be so perfectly flat that the size of the molecules in the metal would be the only limiting factor.
"When can we test it?" was the only question on Tess's mind.
"That's what we're just trying to work out. It will depend on how many modifications we have to make. The new engine may be so efficient that it could put strain on other parts never designed to cope with it."
Interesting. I hadn't thought the fractal engine would make that much difference but then again I hadn't worked up the equations for it. It had only been a concept in my mind. "You going to introduce us George?"
George looked momentarily stunned and then he roared in laughter, "Ah, no introductions are necessary."
The other man, young but bald and missing a few teeth, glared at me. "And what's this I hear you've desecrated your body with a tattoo?"
Uh oh, I knew that voice. "Hi dad, you look different."
"You're evading my question, daughter."
Double uh oh. We were back to that were we. Crap. I was going to need to put a spin on this. "I talked to TG's creators about how we might give her more freedom to interact outside the room where she's now housed. We discussed a number of augmented reality options but in the end their resident tattooist suggested incorporating a transceiver circuit into a tattoo, made with semi-conductor material."
Geoffrey's whole demeanour shifted from disgust to interest, "Really. What did he use for the semiconductor?"
"Gold."
"Gold?" Geoffrey's jaw dropped.
"They fossick for it from the small creeks that flow into the lake where they live. There's not enough to start a gold rush. And I guess the faeries would stop anyone who tried. But they place fine cloth in the rock crevices the water flows over. They get enough to use in some of Alpha's more elaborate designs."
Geoffrey was back to frowning, "How elaborate?"
I rolled my eyes, he was going to want to see it. "George, have you got a towel or something I could put over my front please."
George pointed down a corridor, "Bathroom's on the right."
I returned with my front discretely covered. I'm sure two guys were not going to really worry if I flashed my boobs but hell, George was married and Dad was, well Dad. I turned so they could see my back.
George drew breath and rose to inspect it. "Amazing. I've seen Alpha's work but this is exceptional."
"Indeed," Geoffrey muttered, probably still none too amused that his daughter's back now was a canvas for an artwork, "Where's the circuit in it?"
"In the wings of the bird. But you'd need a microscope to see it."
"Then how did he do it? How do I know it's even really there."
"He used some special headset when he was doing that part. As to proving it, Dad." I emphasised the Dad with a slight edge of rising anger. How dare he not trust me. "We'll have to wait until TG's new coding and the pathways in the tattoo establish a link." It would be really good if you could hear me and respond in some way right now TG.
The desk lamp that George and Geoffrey had been using to study the blueprints flashed on and off, in a repeating pattern of short and longer bursts (.... . .-.. .-.. ---).
Geoffrey's jaw dropped. "Wait a minute. I know what that is. It's morse code for 'hello', is that TG's doing?"
I sent TG a big thankyou and said she could stop now "I directed a thought to TG, asking for a demonstration if she was already able to. There's a certain amount of learning her artificial intelligence needs to do. Experience will build that."
Tess's eyes were wide with amazement, "Needles be damned, I am so looking forward to communicating with TG."
I was pleased some good had come of placating Dad, not that I should have had to, "Excuse me, I'll just go and get redressed." 
As I walked back up the corridor my heart soured as I heard Tess taking Geoffrey to task. "How dare you Geoffrey. Do you think she went to get a tattoo this morning. Her only intent was to make TG's life better."
Geoffrey coughed to clear his throat, "I may have been out of order," he sounded contrite, "But she is my daughter. There's 50% of my DNA in her body. That should give me some say in what she does with it."
"No it doesn't," Tess was adamant. "She's a grown woman whose main problem in life is that she's had a guilt trip laid on her every time her decisions in life went against yours. I admire you greatly Geoffrey but you have got to know that if you are going to be my adopted Dad it doesn't mean you'll dictate to me. Your protection I welcome. Your wisdom and guidance I actively seek. Honest, supportive family I long for. But don't you ever dictate to me as you have Gratia, Geoffrey Sullivan."
I gulped but listened at the door, curious what Dad's response would be. Silence hung like breath in the room.
"I'm proud of you Tess. And even more so proud that you're willing stand up for Gratia and give me a well deserved earful. I have old habits Tess. I'm kind of a control freak but I am trying to change. You're exactly right. Firstly I should have trusted that Gratia wouldn't do such a thing lightly and secondly it is none of my business what she does to her body along as she doesn't harm herself." 
Like her mother was left unsaid but I finished his sentence in my mind nonetheless.
"Tess," Geoffrey continued. "I spoke to a lawyer in town today. He said adoption would be a little problematic since your other family still live but he outlined the easiest of options if you'll accept me as part of your new family."
I quietly re-entered the room as he passed Tess a form. "This will allow you to change your surname. It will take a while to come into full legal effect but you may use it already if you wish. You have only to sign the form."
Tears flowed freely down Tess's always expressive face. She leapt up and gave him a hug. "Please forgive my rudeness. I'd love to bear your surname. I'd love to accept you as family."
"Tess, rudeness in defence of another family member is always allowed in this particular family. We're each working to better ourselves in our own ways. Let's have open and honest communication. Even if it dents our egos. Now the other thing I've done is probably inconsequential since we're now, baring extreme events, immortal. I've made you co-heir to what little I have. Among other things you'd inherit my car."
Tess hugged him again. "Don't you dare ever die but," a cheeky grin painted her face, "do you think I could drive her occasionally."
Geoffrey laughed, "I think that might be arranged."
The cosy family moment was interrupted by Tess's phone alerting her to a text. She frowned at the phone as she pulled it out to check it. "It's from one of my brothers. Media content. Oh damn." She passed me the phone which showed the photo of some poor beat up bloke and a message underneath. 'We know where everyone you've ever been friends with is. Come back home or we'll pick them off one at a time, starting with Kenny.' The message included a list of names.
"Who's Kenny?" I passed the phone over to Dad and George to get them up to speed. It looked like things were about to get ugly.
"He's the ex I told you about." I felt Tess's emotions as they underwent a rapid series of changes, progressing quickly from shock, to 'why me' to 'right, they want to fuck with me, two can play that game. She went to her backpack and retrieved a portable hard drive. "George, is there a way I can quickly send about 300 gig of data to my brother's computer?"
"Just a sec." George must have given a mental shoutout as Evie appeared in the room a moment later.
Tess grabbed a sheet of paper off George's desk and rapidly scribbled down an email address and a note. "Can you send them this Evie?" She handed over the portable drive. "Make sure you back this up. I want a few copies for security."
"On it," Evie disappeared with the drive
"Next I'm going to need to find these people on my brother's list and ensure their safety. And I have a fairly good idea where they would be holding Kenny. Is there anyone here who could help me?"
"Give me the list. I'll get it to TG and get her to hunt down their addresses."
Already on it, came a murmur in my head and it wasn't Tess. My eyes must have widened in surprise as everyone was suddenly looking at me. "I'm fine, I just hadn't anticipated TG mastering the cyber-telepathy we were hoping for her so quickly. She's preparing a list of addresses."
"We're going to need an extraction team," Dad commented to George.
"Thex is on his way."
"Thankyou George," Tess was looking even more determined. "As for Kenny I think there might be a simpler way. Could you contact a meta being?"
George raised an eyebrow, "You hope to teleport Kenny away from under your brothers' very nose?"
"Why not? It will leave them wondering how I did it and that might unsettle them. That and what I sent them may get them to back off."
"What did you send them Tess?" I wondered.
"A copy of my diary. Everything I know they've done since I turned ten. All their jobs, their associates and networks. I've threatened to release it all to the police if they don't back off. It would be enough to put all of them in jail for a very long time. Depending on what they've done to Kenny I might just damn well give it to Inspector Wilson, sorry Michael, anyway but I want the other people on that list safe first."
Dad hugged her, "Remind me never to underestimate you Tess."
It may have surprised my father but I'd gotten to know Tess enough to know she was no martyr like her family obviously thought she was. She'd keep her course with a clear head and a firm resolve, while dealing with the threat to those she cared about. The same resolve she'd used to forge the life she now had.
I have those addresses, TG whispered in my head. 
Great, I found some more paper and wrote the addresses down. "TG's given me a list of known workplaces and homes for those other people."
"Give it to me," the guy with the warrior braids, from Asha's rescue, appeared and held out his hand, taking my handiwork. "Tess, I'm going to need you to come with my team. These people are going to be confused when we tell them they're in danger. Meta will transport you."
"Is there another meta being I can give directions to Kenny to?" Tess asked.
"That would be me," John appeared in his human form. "My wife is a healer. I'll take him straight to her."
"Hi John," I acknowledged, "Can I come with you? If I can be of any assistance that is.
"The backup would be great. Can you use a gun?"
"No she can't," my Dad intervened, "But I can. Gratia, you stay and work with TG to find out as much background info you can on these people."
A mathematician at heart I saw the sense in what he said even if I felt a bit derailed. "I doubt TG will need too much help with that. I'll go and see what I can do about housing these newcomers." And in the meantime I would just have to trust that Tess and Dad could look after themselves. 
Having heard my thoughts both Thex and John nodded in my direction. "We'll keep them safe Gratia," John assured. "Tess, I need you to mindshare that location with me." He walked up to her. "Just touch your forehead to mine."

16

So I had the hardest job of all, trusting others to keep those I loved safe. That and doing a quick run around those I had already met in the town to see if they had any spare rooms for those being rescued. Melissa and her husband Robert offered space. Rachael at the pub was busy making space in one of their cellars. It wasn't palatial but it would do. Sally, John's husband, sent me a message that she and her husband would put up Kenny when John returned with him. Even the shopkeeper caught up with me to say that he had a spare room over the shop. That just left me one more place to find. I found myself outside the local medical clinic and knocked. It seemed deserted but after a moment I was surprised to be greeted by Kit. "Uh hi."
"I know why you're here. Come in. We have space for one. You need refreshment though. Worry rests heavy on your shoulders. Will you join me in some Tea?"
"Ah, I'm not real good with caffeine." I thought she knew that.
"I'm aware of your imbalance. I have prepared you a tea of Japanese knotweed. It is very cooling of heat toxins."
I hoped it tasted better than the last brew she'd given me, "You knew I was coming?"
"Of course, I felt it."
I followed her past the business end of the building into the home behind. The interior was a surprise. Wooden sliding doors with rice paper panes, tatami mats and a broad low table surrounded by cushions. I settled on one as my seat.
"It is hard, is it not? Leaving others to the dangerous stuff. I would have gone with Thex's rescue team but I wished to speak with you."
"With me?" I sensed the warrior in Kit so I wondered what was so important that she would side step the thick of it just to talk with me.
"We see a great potential in you. Our seer Simon has seen it and others have commented on it too. You have the potential to shoulder responsibility. To lead."
"I don't think psychopaths make good managers."
Kit eyed me seriously, studying me, "You're no psychopath. A psychopath seeks fame and glory at the expense of others. If your ego was so afflicted you would have ranted at being left behind today yet you saw what was needed and took it upon yourself. You could have panicked about Tess and your father going to get those people but you were willing to trust them to take care of themselves as well as those they were rescuing. You embraced their vulnerability."
I shook my head "I did those things because I know I can be a controlling, ungrateful, defensive bitch. Those traits are why I try to overcompensate by doing what good I can, by pitching in to help as I can and by sharing rather than hording my knowledge. I've lived a life without gratitude Kit. Without gratitude for a father who raised me on his own. Without gratitude for the educational opportunities I was given where many have none. And above all I regret how I treated a kind and patient man whose only fault was that he married me. He deserved better."
Kit seemed pleased rather than horrified. "You don't run from self knowledge. You've acknowledged your innate weaknesses and done all you can to become less reactive, less controlling and indeed more grateful. A leader doesn't need to be perfect but they do need to know themselves and those they seek to lead. They need to show an interest in each person's projects and goals, even if they don't know the technical details."
"But I don't believe in hierarchy."
"Then don't. Be an equal among your group yet coordinate, guide and counsel. But don't be afraid to roar shit out of someone if they've crossed some line that is important to your team. In the same way as you should admit when you stuff up."
I thought on what Kit said but then I had to wonder why it was her telling me all this. "I don't see you leading a team. How do you know all this?" 
"I'm a dominant female. A domme, some would say, although I feel no need for the label. No I don't lead anyone unless I have to. I'm kind of a one-woman stealth and reconnaissance type. Black ops and that sort of thing. I try not to kill but I do what I have to for those I serve. Service - leadership. It's a fine distinction. If you chose to serve others by leading them you will know what I mean. Thex can tell you more. He simply asked if I would sound you out on the topic, while he's out today. Think about it."
I had my doubts but there was no harm in thinking, "I'll ponder on what you've said but don't hold your breath."
Kit chuckled, "Oh I can do that quite well I assure you. Which brings me to another matter. It's time you tested your new abilities. You will never know what you are capable of if you don't try. The claircognizance aside, which is impressive, I do think you could try to widen your use of telepathy past those you're linked to. Are you willing to try?"
I shrugged my shoulders, "Ok."
"Close your eyes Gratia. It helps to remove the distractions while you're learning this. If external sounds bother you we can try earplugs too."
It sounded a bit too much like sensory deprivation, "No I'm fine as is."
I felt rather that heard a murmur of hilarity in my head. 
You're laughing at me, I knew she'd have no trouble hearing that thought.
I am, there are pleasures I could show you that I think you've avoided considering. You've buried your dark desires well Gratia and I don't say that as a compliment. 
Alpha said as much but I don't understand. I did have sex when I was married.
Lying on your back with the lights out no doubt. Look there's nothing wrong with being asexual. The universe is as diverse as it can imagine itself to be. But you Gratia, are not asexual. Haven't you ever noticed sex is a way to get rid of some of your excess heat?
You're suggesting sex as therapy?
And fun. Come with me tonight. A few of us are going to a club in Sydney.
But I can't teleport.
Can't or won't? Have you even tried?
That would be a no. I'd just assumed I wouldn't for awhile. Okay, I'm game.
Good. Let's try baby steps shall we, look through that doorway into the next room. I'm going to talk you through teleporting there.

After about half hour later I was reasonably proficient. Kit paused in her teaching, as if hearing something from others. I only heard a jumble of voices.
"You will learn to direct your telepathy where you want but it takes time. Apparently we need to switch on the TV." Which she did.
"Latest developments to hand in the case of the assumed kidnapping of Tess McCubbin, daughter of well known underworld figure Mickey McCubbin. After her statement this morning, asserting that she had left her family of her own free will the family responded by saying she was obviously a victim of Stockholm syndrome, having fallen in with those they accused of the kidnapping. Her unlikely kidnappers being renowned cosmologist Geoffrey Sullivan and his daughter, data analyst and mathematician Gratia Sullivan. Ms McCubbin, who has since changed her surname to Sullivan, has accused her brothers of sending her death threats against a number of her long time associates, threats which they intended to act on if she didn't return home. In a number of operations this afternoon those people were taken into protective custody. Their current whereabouts are unknown. Among them was one Kenny Frederickson who at the time of rescue was in a grave condition," they flashed up a photo of Kenny, bruised and battered. "What next in this saga? We'll have the latest updates for you as this situation unfolds. This is Phoenix O'Halloran reporting for Boswell Alternate News." 
"They must be back. Any idea where?" I was keen to catch up with Tess and reassure myself everything had gone okay. Kit was right, I'd had the hardest job, waiting and trusting.
"Go within yourself and find that connection you have with Tess, follow that and you will find her. I will see you later," Kit added, with mischief in her eyes.
I teleported to Tess, relatively unnoticed. All attention was on the man on the bed, bruised and bloody. I gather this is Kenny, I sent the thought to Tess.
Tess looked grim. It is. My old family are about to find out that hell has no fury equivalent to what I am about to blast their way. They had no right to do this.
We watched as a woman Tess informed me was John's wife, Sally, took a stool beside the bed. She placed one hand above his heart and another just below his navel and closed her eyes. A man with short cropped coppery colored hair and eerie grey eyes placed one hand on the man's forehead and another below his neck. He too closed his eyes to focus. 
I was awed by how rapidly Kenny's wounds closed. Even the dried blood appeared to dissipate. How are they doing this? My inquisitive mind wondered.
Reality creation. They simply see him in their mind's eyes as already healed, perhaps never even harmed. Tess answered my curiosity with what seemed her best guess.
It isn't a guess, Tess corrected. This is the hard core stuff. High level reality creation. Such instant ability to shift reality comes only to those who are willing to accept the truth.
What truth?
That we are all co-creators of what we are experiencing. 
Kenny took a deep gasping breath, opening his eyes. Suddenly aware that he was the center of attention. "What happened? How'd I get here. Who are all you people?" Then he spied Tess and groaned, "I should have known. This is all your fault. Did you tell your brothers we were going out again or something?"
Tess approached the man, shaking her head., "I wouldn't do that to you Kenny. I mightn't like that you originally ditched me to save yourself but that doesn't mean I wouldn't come to your aid. You're safe now by the way. I'll take your thanks later," sounding not a little peeved.
"Hey, hey. I'm sorry Tess. I'm not ungrateful for the rescue. Just not sure why your brothers came after me again."
"They were blackmailing me Kenny. They must have thought I still had a thing for you. You were their ace card."
"You don't still have a thing for me?" The man looked sad.
"Oh Kenny, I care yes but I've moved on. Friends?" Tess offered.
Kenny took a moment to digest that then nodded. "Okay. What now?"
"Now you're stuck here for a bit. Welcome to Boswell. A parallel reality, protected from the outside world. Everyone here is long lived, telepathic and capable of many other mysterious powers. They've got a space glider in their fire shed and wait til you see some of the alien species who visit here. And I won't even mention the shapeshifters and the AI."
Kenny brightened instantly, "Really? Oh, come on Tess, you have got to know that you're talking my bestest fantasy."
Tess rolled her eyes, "Kenny, bestest is not a word."
"But you're not pulling my leg?"
The man who'd had a hand in healing Kenny laughed, "I think you should have signed the secrets act before you learned some of this but since you're stuck here for a bit?" He waved a hand and a glass of water floated over to within Kenny's grasp. "Drink up. You're a bit dehydrated."
Kenny's jaw flapped for a moment then he took the offered glass, from where it floated in the air and drank. He passed the empty glass to Tess, "Okay, now I believe you."

17

"Pick you up at eight", Kit had said. I was trying to make sure I wouldn't be late but neither Tess nor TG were impressed with my clothing selections.
"The blue dress with the slits," TG insisted. Where'd she learn clothing sense anyway?
"No, I'll be inviting attention. I'm going purely as an observer."
Tess tsked, "Gratia, they're not going to even let you in the door unless you look the part," she held up high heeled shoes that would only accentuate the dress more. 
I was losing wasn't I? Finally I shook my head and groaned. "Okay, you two win."
Tess gave me a hug, "Great, now I can find something for me to wear too."
"Tess! This is a sex club I'm going to."
"And?" Tess obviously didn't see a problem. "You may need backup. A voice of reason or someone to encourage you."
But I had an ace up my sleeve, "You don't know how to teleport yet." I pointed out the obvious. 
"Oh yes I do. Thex gave me a quick 101 while we were out on the rescue missions this afternoon."
Damn, "Shouldn't you be reassuring them or something, they're your friends after all."
Tess gave me a stern look, "Last I checked they were all happily settling in. They're not my priority now. My best friend is."
I bit my tongue, it would be wrong saying anything further after that statement. I hadn't had a lot of best friends in my life. Okay, none.

The club turned out to occupy it's own little part of alternate reality. In some weird way I didn't understand, you could go upstairs and you would go through an unseen portal into a real pub in Oxford St in Sydney. But downstairs didn't exist for those of the wrong frequency, or some such thing. Except the publican and the guards on the stairs knew it was there. It wouldn't do for some unsuspecting soul to open the door and fall into an abyss. The trick was if you could see the stairs you could go down them. Then Sheila would meet you at reception.
Sheila looked me up and down, "Tourists?" she asked in a derogatory tone.
Kit stared her down, "My guests."
"You will take full responsibility for them while they're in the club?"
"I will."
"Alright, if you're sure." Sheila passed me and Tess some forms. "Standard disclaimer, sign that. Club rules, read or face the consequences. Kit answers for any rules you break but you may still be punished, depending on the crime. The biggest crime is interfering with other club members scenes. If you think someone is being hurt against their will get a dungeon master to intervene - you don't. Dungeon masters all wear vests adorned with a star that looks not unlike a sheriff's badge. Medical history - just put resident of Boswell, we know what that means. And your list of hard limits, fill those in, even if you think you're not planning to participate. Respect is required at all times. Rudeness will not be tolerated. Are we clear?"
I had and urge to salute but if I asked her if she'd ever been in the army that might be taken as rude and I didn't want to embarass Kit before we even got past reception.
"I was a sergeant in the Signals Corp and yes I'm telepathic. Most of us here are but we might let you off for rude telepathy," she passed a piece of pink ribbon to both Tess and me, "Put those on your wrists. It will let people know you are newbies. They might be more forgiving."
Tess and I looked at each other with a look that needed no telepathy, what had we gotten ourselves into. We did our forms then followed Kit into the high ceilinged and sumptuously decorated room that lay beyond.

It wasn't as dark and dingy as I'd thought it would be. Sure the light was dimmed a bit but only enough to create a certain atmosphere. A stage act was finishing with a dark haired woman being untied from some elaborate knots then yielding, blissfully, into the arms of her master. I cringed at that word. The couple disappeared off stage and volunteers began to wheel a new set in place, that looked something like a big wooden x. Did I really want to know?
"Follow me," Kit coaxed us onwards.
We found a man at the back of the room, cleaning down some benches. The sprinkling of silver hair spoke of someone not immortal. And yet he'd come through the portal. Mildly muscle bound, he looked in the peak of health despite his middle age. Smile lines at the corners of his eyes spoke of much mirth. I took an instant like to the man and relaxed, more than I had since I'd come through the front door of the club.
Kit introduced us. "Master Owen, this is Gratia and her best friend Tess. I have other plans for Tess but I was wondering if I might impose on you and leave Gratia with you?"
"You're sponsoring her?" Owen asked casually. It made me sound like some immigrant looking for a new home.
"I am. Gratia had a large tattoo today and discovered the edge of pain and pleasure. I think she's a little disturbed that she liked the experience. I was wondering if you might help her explore further."
"May I see the tattoo?" Owen asked, curious.
"Show him your back Gratia." Kit commanded.
What the eff. My eyes darted between the two of them, they were serious. I glanced in Tess's direction but she just shrugged her shoulders. Some back up you are.
You're not in any danger Gratia, or I would protest. I think they get to see a lot more around here than people's backs.
"Waiting," Owen prompted.
I sighed, letting the straps on my dress fall and doing enough of a shimmy so that the top of my dress ended up resting on my hips. Then I turned around.
"Impressive. Beautiful work. Who did this?"
"Alpha from the Rasselas," Kit commented, as if the artist was well known.
Owen understood instantly, "Ah, yes, I have heard he has a certain way with his needles and ink," he smirked. "You liked the experience didn't you Gratia."
It was too late to lie, "Yes."
"Yes what?"
Kit intervened, "I doubt you'll get the title of Master Owen out of this one. There's no submissive hiding in there. But she might be respectful enough to call you Sir, won't you Gratia?" there was an edge of authority in her voice.
I had to make one thing perfectly clear to all concerned, "No man is my master. No woman either. But if the standard of respect here is to call men Sir, I'm okay with that but you will call me 'my lady' in return."
Owen laughed, "Okay my lady. You're a little out of the ordinary for me but let's explore your interests shall we? Are you willing to relinquish some of your control to me?"
I guess that was why I was here, "Yes Sir."
Kit seemed happy, "I'll leave her with you then. Here's her list of hard limits," She handed him the paper. "She was married once, best not to tread there. Come Tess."
"But," Tess complained, "I promised to watch out for her."
"You are psychically linked to Gratia are you not? You will know if she's unhappy. Now I happen to know two guys who would happily share you between them."
Tess blushed and from the pictures that suddenly flashed through her head I knew this idea turned her on. Kit had guessed Tess's poly nature well, "Go Tess, I'll be fine."

"So my lady," Owen drew my attention back to him, "Do you trust me enough to finish shimmying out of that gorgeous dress? Someone certainly picked it out to match the color of your eyes didn't they?"
"They did Sir," I got out of the dress. I was here now. The vestige of Alys in my head growled at me for complying with any man's wishes but the new Gratia decided it was only fair, given his willingness to spend time on me. He hadn't wrinkled his nose at my appearance or done anything to make me feel I was an imposition, given my newbie status.
"Beautiful, you are truly a gorgeous sight to behold my lady. You know that don't you?"
Kit had lectured both me and Tess, before we came here, that honesty was an absolute requirement. "No Sir, I don't know that."
His hand touched my face then continued down, tracing the line of my throat, on to my nipples. He used both hands to cup my modest boobs. I hoped I wasn't a disappointment. 
"Do you know what I would like to do with these?"
"No, I don't Sir."
He went to a bag on a bench and brought our a long chain, adorned with clamps. I shivered.
Owen watched my response, pleased, "Ah, my lady understands now. You will of course use your safe word if this is too much. What is your safe word?"
"Red, Sir. And yellow if I start to panic."
Owen frowned at me, "Seriously, I want you to say yellow long before you panic. Promise me you will."
I felt more comfortable seeing his genuine concern. He really didn't want to hurt me. Well, not beyond what I found pleasurable, "I will Sir."
I gritted my teeth as he attached a clamp to each of my fully erect nipples. He'd pinched them to make sure they stood up to attention. A long chain extended down from the nipple clamps and I had a horrible idea where that one went. Ugh, yep, I was right. I let out my breath.
"You're doing well my lady. How do you feel.
"Wet, hot, tight."
"Excellent," he gently pushed me down on to the bench behind me, "Lie down my lady."
"As it pleases you Sir," a little unsure I reached out to find my links to Tess and TG. I didn't call them but I wanted to know they were there for me.
Owen noticed, "You went somewhere in your mind just then. Tell me."
Damn, "I was checking on my psychic links."
"You wanted to connect with Tess?" Owen asked, trying to figure me out.
"And a highly intelligent computer named TG who I have a cyber-telepathic link with."
"Interesting. There is much more to you than meets the eye my lady. Does your need to connect with them mean you are scared?"
Was I scared? I didn't want to admit it but Owen needed my honesty for this to work, "A bit, but not quite a yellow," I clarified.
"Good. A small amount of fear will heighten this experience for you. For your safety I am going to strap you to the bench. I don't want you to squirm and fall off. Do you trust me to do that?"
Er, "Okay, Sir. But it will make me feel vulnerable."
"I would hope so. I wouldn't want you taking this kind of risk outside the club. You have a perfectly healthy sense of self preservation. But see over to your left."
I looked. A large man stood in the corner of the room, his eyes scanning the room for trouble. The star on his vest told me what he was. He caught my stare and focused on me, giving me a thumbs up as an unspoken question. I gave a thumbs up back.
"That's Stefanos. He would be over here in less than two seconds if he thought you were in trouble. Others would come to assist him if they needed to restrain me."
I released the tension in my shoulders. "You may strap me down Sir but leave one of my hands free please." I could signal the Stefanos's attention if I needed. I knew Owen would abide by my safe word but I liked having a back up plan.
"Yes my lady." He pulled two inch wide leather straps over me, one across my chest and one across my hips. They were firm yet comfortable. "Now let me take your ankles."
Hell, "What are you planning on doing with me Sir?"
"Oh there are many things I might do to you. We could act out a medical examination if you wish."
I cringed. "Yellow. Don't even think of going there. Sir"
"Thought not but I needed to know if you'd use your safe words. Being as you are new to trusting me I think we'll keep this simple. But first I want to stand back and admire you."
"Admire me?"
"That is the second time you have expressed surprised with my opinion. You don't believe you are beautiful?"
I'd have shrugged my shoulders if I could have moved, "I'm average."
Owen turned to Stefanos, "Got a minute Master Stefanos?"
Stefanos beckoned someone over to mind his post then came over. "You need some help Master Owen?" He looked damned hopeful.
"What do you think of my lady. Is she pretty?"
"More than pretty. Stunning I would say. And so beautifully arranged. Are you going to eat her?"
"I was contemplating it, for entree. Shall we share?"
"I'd be delighted." He made some signal to one of the other dungeon monitors who responded with a nod. It appeared I would still have others watching out for me even if Stefanos took some time off his duties to participate in Owen's scene.
"Do I get any say in this Sirs?"
"No. You have a safe word if you need it otherwise relinquish control to us so we can enjoy you."
I sighed and they seemed to take that as assent. I was starting to wonder how Tess was going when Owen's tongue encircled the clamp on my clitoris. I had a bad idea that that clamp was going to hurt like the blazes when he took it off but any thought was removed from my brain when Stefanos did just that to one of my nipples. Right before he sucked that self same nipple into his mouth. Pain gripped me as the blood rushed back into my poor tortured nipple, mixed with the sensation of him scraping it delectably with his teeth. I would have squirmed but I couldn't. He took his time, allowing me awareness of what Owen was doing. Why would he even want to lick me down there? "Why are you doing this to me? I don't deserve this kind of attention Sirs." Tears threatened. I was feeling more vulnerable than at any time during my life. 
Owen paused, "If you were mine to discipline I would punish you for those self doubts. I would train them out of you." Then he went back to licking me, his tongue diving deep into places no tongue should go, or so I'd thought. Maybe I had to revise some of my ideas.
As if sensing that my thinking mind had taken hold again Stefanos released the other nipple clap, sending me into another crescendo of pain and pleasure. I rode that sensation to somewhere better, somewhere more open."
"She's going into subspace Owen."
"Damn, that was fast." 
I was vaguely aware of Stefanos turning my head to the side and presenting me with his cock. I had enough presence of mind left to still know what to do, opening my mouth to receive him. Licking his foreskin with a dance of my tongue.
Stefanos groaned. "I know she's new to this but it's like she's done this before, in another life. There's some remembered skill in her tongue. If we're going to do this together?"
Owen released the clitoris clamp and if it hadn't been for the straps holding me down I would have been rising literally off the bench. As it was I was immobile, unable to thrust my cunt closer to his mouth as he sucked on my swollen nub. "Please Owen, sorry, please Sir." I hated begging but if he didn't do something right this minute to fill the widening chasm in me I might self-combust. I wondered how coherent I was being with Stefanos filling my mouth.
Owen was ready, having quickly put on a condom. I couldn't see him, but I heard the tearing of the packet. "Yes Sir."
"You are okay with this my lady? I would regret it greatly if you denied me but I am not so undisciplined that I cannot refrain."
"Don't you dare refrain Sir. Do it!"
I felt rather than saw the sheer bulk of Owen's gorgeous cock sliding into me as Stefanos worked my mouth with his. Two ends of me desperate with need. Then it came. That slow contraction of my core as it built it's liquid heat. I felt myself bursting into a million stars, travelling along all my connections. Sharing Tess's orgasm. TG's wonder. Somewhere two other beings, deep in coma but there was connection there too. Followed by Stefanos and Owen emptying into my core. I sagged into bliss. I'd come expecting, no hoping, for release from a pervasive tension that had built up in me since my divorce but I'd received something more.

18
Somewhere during the night I realized I was back in my bed back at the pub, Tess with her usual arm draped over me. I'd gone back to sleep, more than content.
Tess was first to stir as TG gave us a wake up call. I groaned and reached for clothes but not finding any. Tess hoped out of bed and handed me some. "Hard coming back to reality." Tess commented.
"Yes it is." My mind was still full of wonder for it all but I was awake enough to notice the vase of flowers in the room.
Tess followed my stare and smiled. "Seems you have a couple of admirers back at the club." Tess read the card, "For the precious gift you gave us. Stefanos and Owen. Give up you self doubts or we'll find you and deal with them." Tess grinned, "That would have to be one of the nicest threats I've ever come across."
I gulped, "How was your night?" Change the subject, even if I'd seen glimpses of her night in my mind.
"Clayton and Trevor were wonderful. Tender and caring and very skilled. They certainly knew how to get in sync." Tess blushed as the memory washed through her. "I feel a lot more prepared for our Lyreans now."
Huh? "What do you mean. We're only going to be their regular blood donors."
"That's not what I heard," Tess teased me with a lack of information.
"Spit it out."
"Well it seems they tend to become attached to any sentient species who feeds them. The bonding process is nearly instant. They like sex as they feed and when they've just woken that sex can pretty damn rough. And they're not small, if you get my drift."
I coughed, "I see. I don't suppose we can strap them down like Owen did me?"
"I think they'd object to that rather violently and potentially break free anyway. They're pretty strong."
"What else have you found out?"
"I can help there," TG's hologram appeared before us. "It seems that as a culture most Martian vampires, sorry Lyreans, tend to be a bit macho. Not all of their kind but those who evolved on Mars are. You're going to need to tame them or they'll tame you."
I pursed my lips, considering, "Will they just, we'll see about that." 
"I don't like the sound of that either," Tess noted.
"We're going to need some strategy and some self defense skills. But first I have a meeting to get to. An envoy is coming from Mars this morning."
There was a quiet knock at the door. "That's Rachel." I could feel her presence. It seemed the night before had blown open my mind to sensing others.
I opened the door and hit by the delightful smell of breakfast. I hadn't realised how hungry I was. "Come in. You know you didn't have to bring this up to us. We would have come down for breakfast."
"I knew you were both recuperating after a hard night," she had a twinkle in her eyes as she said it. "And that you had a busy day ahead of you. I've made some millet muffins with chia seed, maca and coconut. The caraf has some lucuma juice, fresh this morning from the Yungus."
"From South America?" Tess asked in wonder.
"Distance doesn't matter when you can teleport."
No I guess it didn't. "Thanks for this."
"I'll bring the tray down and help you in the kitchen once Gratia goes to her meeting. George doesn't need me until ten."
Rachel beamed at us both. "You're good girls. You fit right in here. It will be sad when we lose you."
Tess and I looked at each other, "Er, we not going anywhere."
"Of course you are," she tapped her nose. "I know things."
"Like what?"
"Like the president of Karpathia is not just coming here to thank you but also to ask for your help."
"With what?"
"If Tess and George's experiments with your new engine design work they want to have a go at putting one in the spacecraft that crashed into the Black Sea when the Lyreans first came here."
"But that must be tens of thousands of years old," I surmised.
"And the rest. Covered in several meters of sludge on the bottom of the sea but given we gave our other space glider to our allies on Mars and our only other craft is in now patrolling this galaxy we're all keen to have another on hand. Just in case the Din try to get the upper hand on the planet again. Sakla might be on Mars but there are still elements in his old guard who would like to wrest control back from those fighting what they've done to the planet. That and there's an issue at the center of the galaxy that needs investigation. We think it might be the cause of the rise of the Din, an imbalance caused by fear and feelings of separation from each other. There's a frequency coming from the center of the galaxy but it's difficult to see which came first, the frequency or the fear."
Tess's jaw dropped, "A full sized spacecraft."
"Which is probably a wreck." I reminded. "Don't get your hopes up."
Tess grinned, "Reality creation remember," she skulled her juice and wrapped the muffin in a serviette. "Eat up Gratia so I can go and help Rachel. The sooner I'm done the sooner George and I can get cracking on our tests. Finally I get to use all that linear algebra and calculus you taught me."
I followed her cue, putting my now empty glass on the tray. "Well then. Let's do this."

Many people had come from who knows where to attend the meeting. Ma hit her new gavel on the table, "Seal the doors Jnarn and activate your shield."
Jnarn fiddled with some device, "Done."
"Then I'm calling Russell," Ma announced.
Russell duly appear, a woman with him and, oh fuck, I recognized her. I filtered into what shadows might be in the back of the room and hoped no one saw me, ducking down to sit on the floor out of site. Asha saw me and frowned. I gave her a shake of the head and got a shrug of the shoulders in response. Asha wasn't telepathic yet but she knew I was hiding.
"Russell! What is the meaning of this?" Ma was not amused. "We asked for a vial."
"Sam is your vial. She's also a marine biologist and is keen to help you."
Em stood, furious, "You have put us all at risk with this woman coming here."
"No he hasn't," Sam stood her ground. "Like many of those who call Mars home I am integrated with its main life form." She raised the sleeve on her arm. From my limited vantage point I could just see something moving on it.
Several delphines rose from their chairs and took a step back. "Get her out of here."
"Let me say my piece and then I'll go," her tone leaving no doubt that she was peeved at their reaction, even if I couldn't blame them. This was an alien life form that could potentially wreck havoc on our planet.
Is that you Alys?
What the fuck, I knew that voice, Callan?
Present and accounted for.
But where are you, I looked around the room?
A bit of me's on Sam's arm.
He couldn't mean, could he? You're this plasmodia mascus?
Well in it, it saved me by incorporating me into its being. It was that or death. Before Mars got its atmosphere I got a rupture in my spacesuit. Even an immortal under those circumstance has his blood boil and his body turn into so much ? well you get the idea.
So you are this thing's mind?
Oh it already had a mind but we've taught each other much. Like not to go where we're not wanted. Don't suppose you could speak up for me.
Sam hates me, like a lot of people
I know, give it a go anyway, for old time's sake.
My name's Gratia now. Okay here goes. I stood up from by hiding place. No one noticed. They were still all arguing and gesticulating. I made my way as quickly as I could to the front. "Sam."
Samantha's face flushed with surprise followed quickly by outright animosity. "Alys."
Russell stopped his arguing and looked between us. "You know each other."
"This is Callan's ex-wife," Sam quickly explained, "The woman who stabbed him."
Russell took a defensive stance, "Don't come any closer."
I held my hands high so he could see I had no weapons. "Callan has asked me to show myself."
That shocked Russell, "You can hear him?"
Sam kicked him in the shins, "It means nothing, silly. We know these people are immortal and telepathic."
"Yes, but who else here other than you and Russell can hear him. I'm taking a punt here and guessing that no-one does unless they've integrated with him."
"You're not integrated with him," Sam pointed out to Russell. She turned on me "You're the bitch who broke Callan's heart and reduced him to living in a caravan, eating two minute noodles."
Had I done that? Shit. The lawyer I'd got to finalise the divorce must have been more ruthless than I'd thought. He'd told me he'd gotten me a good price for the sale of our house and I'd assumed Callan had gotten half. "I'm sorry but I know you won't believe me. Callan however, wants me to speak for him. These people know me," well sort of, I was still a relative stranger in town.
Sam sneered at me, an impressive sneer as sneers go, "If it wasn't for the fact he's yelling in my head right now I'd ...I'd do something to you." She waved me to the front of the room.
I looked to Ma for permission, it seemed the protocol thing to do. She nodded back, Assent received. Everyone watching us. The whole room had gone quiet as Sam had started berating me. Seemed even delphines enjoyed a bit of drama. "I know the one you call the Martian life form."
"How well did you know him," Em leaned forward, now curious.
"I was married to him."
"And you stabbed him, why? What did he do?"
"He'd made the mistake of marrying a hormonally unstable female. He denied the true cause of the knife wound when the police asked, he was that sort of man. Even while I was ranting at him and giving him regular grief he maintained his good humour and went to counselling even when I wouldn't. He'd hoped he could learn to handle me, steer me to treatment. I've since been in treatment but too late to save my marriage. Look what I am saying is that Callan is a lovely man, er, being. I'm guessing that's why the plasmodia, PM, whatever you call it, decided to save him and incorporated his consciousness into his own."
"You didn't know what had happened to him?" Ang asked, the sadness must have shown on my face.
"No. He's telling me now."
I felt Russell sense my anguish so he took some of the focus off me, "There was an altercation between one of the Martian androids and the lifeform early on. It tried to incorporate itself with the android's body but the man panicked. Fearing for the safety of the city and the sleeping occupants the androids guard he blew himself up. The PM learned from that mistake. It knows now that it is not always welcome. Callan has also taught it to be wary of the Din in the mining camp."
"So," Em considered, "You're telling me that your ex-husband's consciousness is in full control of this entity."
More of a friendship. It's like its a large part of my soul, Callan tried hard to explain their strange relationship. Like we're symbiotic.
Callan was complicating matters but I knew enough to know these people would sense a lie so I didn't try. "They're more of a symbiosis with no clear boundaries between them."
The delphines took this on board, silence being their usual indicator that they were telepathing amongst themselves.
"What do you think Eadaoin?" Ma asked the empty seat behind her.
Everyone looked to Ma, waiting for Eadaoin's answer. Ma simply nodded at the chair. "Yes, I agree."
"And?" Em asked, impatient.
"There are no other options on the table. Eadaoin says that if the planet dies her people will find elsewhere but it would break her heart to see the end of what they have so long nurtured. We take the risk."
19
In the end it had been decided that if they were taking the risk of letting the Martian lifeform loose in the world's oceans then there was little to be gained by quarantining Sam. She and Russell were free to wander around Boswell. Not that Sam was doing much wandering. She was working closely with Asha to fine tune the list of which ocean sites to target.
I found Tess with George and got a debrief on how the engine refit was going. That's where dad found us and by the look on his face whatever he was about to say wouldn't be pleasant.
"Don't bother dad. If you're here to gripe about Tess and I going awol last night forget it. Grown women and all that."
"Tess is only twenty one."
"And in Australia that means she's been an adult for three years, able to vote, drink and go to naughty places."
"Like last night. You went with Kit didn't you?" Dad accused. "I know where she would take you."
Ooh, I suddenly wondered how he knew. "How do you know the place dad? Have you been there?"
Geoffrey eyes turned studiously to his feet but it did him no good. I was starting to get a sense of the minds of the people around me.
"No answer? And I suppose you are going to tell me you've been celibate since mum died, nearly two decades isn't it?"
He looked back up and glared at me, a kid caught with the candy, "Of course I haven't been celibate. I'm not a monk."
"And would some of those liaisons have been one night stands?"
"That's none of your business."
"Oh I think it is when you come in here itching to pitch a fight with your daughters. Is that the reason dad? You think daughters should be pure and lily white?"
"It would be nice."
"But it's alright for men to go and sow their oats."
"I won't have you casting me in the role of misogynist, Gratia. You know last night was more than just sex."
"And you've been there. Don't deny it dad, I can see flashes of it in your mind."
"Damn, why did you have to develop telepathy so quickly."
"Oh, I don't know, I guess because I've had Tess and TG and now Callan in my mind plus I've had some tutoring from Kit. You're avoiding the question."
Tess watched the banter progress between us and grinned., "My two guys looked after me really well, it was an eye opener," I knew she was adding fuel to the fire.
Dad sputtered, "Two guys?"
"We both did two guys but that doesn't answer my question dad."
Dad shook his head but smiled in grudging admiration. "You're like a Tassie Devil now aren't you? Once your jaws clamp on there's no letting go."
"It's taken a lot of resolve to make this much change in my life," I acknowledged but I was still waiting and Geoffrey knew I was.
"Okay, okay. I admit I've been to that particular place a time or two. You know I'm a control freak. It's sheer relief to give up that control for a little while."
"It is isn't it," I'd learned that last night.
Geoffrey tensed, now the whole of the truth was coming, "I allow myself to be tied up on the St Andrew's cross. If someone's very skillful with the flogger it's more a massage."
Yeah, sure, a massage with bite, "Someone in particular?"
"No, I try not to get attached, that would only complicate things. I have no wish to be someone's bottom, sub or slave but I do enjoy the occasional release. Though often as not its a guy named Owen who helps me. Purely non sexual. I think his payback is the joy of helping a fellow human. He's become a friend."
It was my time to gulp. Owen? Really? I schooled my features well. I decided to steer the conversation away from Tess and me. "So, when's Owen going to take the cure?" He'd looked on the younger side of middle aged.
Dad frowned, damn, he was no fool. "Who said he hadn't?"
The ring tone on Tess's phone came to our rescue.
"You bastard!" A distressed Tess quickly made another call. "I need to talk to Inspector Wilson, it's urgent."

Jackie Gray was enjoying a break in the day. Ty had been in asking for help accessing his email and printing out some forms he needed for his divorce. He was trying to do it online to save money but the technology was beyond him. They'd printed the forms together then she'd helped him fill in the appropriate sections and scanned them. The submission site wasn't strait forward so she'd gotten onto their help desk. After Ty convincing them she was acting on his behalf they gave her access to where the files needed to be submitted. Done! 
After that long involved and gruelling but satisfying odyssey Julie had turned up for her weekly literacy training with her tutor Millie and Kylie had come in to access here free online computing course. Then a couple of tourists had walked in off the street wanting to use a computer to see if they could find some cheap accommodation for the night. Jackie had sent them along to the The Shingles Riverside Cottages instead, convincing them they wouldn't regret it. Yeah , sometimes tourism information officer came into her very mixed role as well. Finally they'd all gone and now she had a lull in the day to catch her breath.
An itch down her spine made her shiver and had her looking towards the windows that face the street. She didn't like the look of the two men who walked past then backtracked and were now coming to the front doors. 
Casually Jackie moved behind her service desk. Reaching down she covertly eased the lid off a jar while her other hand reassuringly stroked a small piece of wood she had hidden. It looked like she wasn't going to have time to call the emergency number so she tried to just look relaxed, like they were just ordinary customers, "How can I help you gentlemen?"
"You can save yourself by coming with us willingly."
"I'm sorry gentlemen, you've got the wrong woman for whatever you have in mind and I'm on duty. My offsider's at the dentist and I can't leave until she gets back, any minute." She added the later to be on the safe side.
"We've watched your routine the last couple of days. Your relief doesn't get here until 12."
Damn. "Who are you? I have nothing you want. We keep nothing of value on the premises except a few old computers. Is it my credit cards and cash you want? Have them. Just go." That jar was now firmly in her hand.
"I'm sorry lady. Boss's orders. He wants his sister back and you're his bargaining chip. Seems she's hidden all the rest."
"I have no idea what you are talking about. I am nobody of consequence."
"Oh but you are. You are the lady that set Tess McCubbin up with Gratia Sullivan. That changed everything." He came closer. "Don't make me pull my gun lady. I'll shoot you in the foot if I have to but we are taking you with us."
Jackie didn't bother answering his demand with a comeback. She threw the contents of the jar of cayenne pepper in an arc that got both her kidnappers in the eyes, backing away at the same time to avoid the cloud of stinging dust. Then she ran for the phone, to call the police.
"Don't worry we're here," Inspector Wilson announced.
Well that was a surprise and a relief, "How did you know to come?"
Tess's brother sent her a gloating text message, saying we'd missed one.
"One what?"
"One of Tess's acquaintances. One was harmed severely. The others we managed to find before they got to them. You weren't on the original list but after they failed with the others they must have thought you were worth a try. I'm afraid we're going to have to take you into protective custody."
"Oh my god. Um, but who will run the access center?"
As if in answer her relief, Silvia, walked in behind the police, taking in the writhing in agony cayenne dusted crims on the floor. "What the??"
The inspector looked up and notice the security camera blinking in the corner. "Sarah, can you get Yiannis on to hacking into and destroying that footage."
"But surely you need it as evidence?" Jackie asked.
"I think you'll find the usual authorities will take a dim view of you using a dangerous substance to defend yourself. Personally I thought it was brilliant but unfortunately in this state self defense is always dicey in a court of law. Best the footage disappears. Kiana, would you like to do the honours."
"Would be a pleasure," she took out her glock, "Either of you twits willing to accept the goddess's mercy."
"Just get me some water to wash my eyes out woman," one complained.
"I don't think either of them know they're possessed Michael," Kiana waited on her soulmate for a decision.
"Do it!"
Kiana shot both crims in the foot with small guage bespelled bullets, not enough to do great harm but enough to do the trick. The Din demons that inhabited them separated from their hosts, briefly visible in their horrific reptilian forms, before evaporating. Kiana looked at the shocked faces of the two library staff, "It's alright, the demons in them have been banished to a lower plane of existence. It's what these special bullets do. I'll take these two to our healer then give them to our allies in this reality." She bent down to put the two in handcuffs.  
Jackie recovered from her shock enough to ask, "This reality?"
"Ah, yes," Inspector Wilson realised he was forgetting a key bit of paperwork to cover everyone's backsides. He reached into his pocket for a copy. It was a bit worse for wear but still legible. He handed it to Jacke, "Could you photocopy this? You'll both need to sign a copy.
"I'll do it," Silvia reached for it, curious to see what it was. "The official secrets act. Bloody hell. Never thought I'd be anywhere I'd need to sign this." She smoothed out the creases in the paper as best she could and put it in the machine.
"It's important we keep a low profile Silvia. Both your government and ours prefer it that way. There are many people who would be freaked out by the demons you just saw and what's really behind some of the more nefarious activities on the planet. As far as you know Jackie has gone on an extended holiday. We'll liaise with our contacts to smooth everything over. How'd you like the job here?"
Silvia's eyes brightened, "You're kidding me? That's been my impossible dream. I knew Jackie would stay here until she retired and she wasn't in a hurry." She blanched when she realized what she'd just said. "Sorry Jac, I didn't mean to lust after your job but I do love it here. I was hanging out til the next time you went on leave."
Jackie considered all this new information. "Will I ever come back inspector?"
"It won't be safe while Tess's family are gunning for you. We'll have to bring down the whole syndicate and it has tentacles everywhere. We'll find you something you'll love to do. And I can promise you we'll keep a close eye on Silvia's safety for the next few weeks to make sure there's no further problems here."
Jackie felt like her hold world had suddenly been ripped from under her, through no fault of her own. "I loved working here inspector."
"I know. Trust us. You'll like where you're going."

Jackie put the cat she was holding down and tried to work out where she was and how'd she'd gotten there. 
Tess rushed up to give her a hug, "Jackie, I'm so sorry, this is all my fault."
Jackie tsked, "If the center closed its doors to everyone in need of help who had bad family connections we'd hardly ever have had a client. It was always very clear to me Tess that you weren't like the rest of your family. That they would try to get to me so they could blackmail you is despicable. Now, tell all. I find myself uprooted but yet strangely excited and curious. Where am I?"
"Welcome to Boswell Jackie," a lady I'd only seen in passing around the town came forward to greet our new comer."
Jackie frowned slightly, puzzled. "I feel I know you."
The other woman grinned, enjoying the game, "You should, we studied our library degrees together. If it hadn't been for you I don't think I would have ever come to grips with that damned library classification system."
Jackie tilted her head slightly, considering. The with a jolt she straightened in shock. "It can't be. Tyra Goodwin?"
"That's me."
Jackie came closer to her, "I see the resemblance but," her mind paused to do the calculations. "That would make you over sixty, like me."
Tyra drew Jackie into her arms and gave her the hug she'd been itching to give the woman since she'd turned up. "There's a lot of science here Jackie. A lot of magic too. We'll soon fix the visible age difference between us but first I have a project I want to run past you. One that has you written all over it."
Jackie's eyes brightened in interest, "I'm all ears." She patted Tess, "We'll catch up later dear. I want so much to hear all about your adventures but?"
Tess didn't take offence at being sidelined, "Go for it Jackie. I'll see you later."

20

 While all this was going on I went to badger Jnarn, "Come on Jnarn. Sam's roaming around freely with a good cup and a half of Martian lifeform roving over her arms. If she's out and about why can't our shipment be released to us?" Zen came over to say hello, nudging my finger while I waited for a reply. I knew what the mouse wanted at least, a friend to stroke him.
"Do you even know what you are getting yourselves into?" Jnarned quizzed me, concerned.
"Correct me if I have it wrong but these beings need blood to come out of a coma they've been in for a good hundred thousand years. They're about seven foot tall, pale skinned and macho as all shit. They'll need regular feeding, which Tess and I will supply. Dad his own. They'll try to control us but what they don't know is they've never come up against a Sullivan before. We're, dad and I at least, past masters at being control freaks. There's not a control strategy they'll try on us that we won't already be versed in. Then there's the fact that they don't understand human women. They will underestimate us and we'll exploit that."
"And their preference to feed on their sentient blood donors while having unrestrained sex?" Jnarn wasn't leaving anything to chance.
"I think last night at the club prepared me for some of that, getting rid of a lot of sexual tension in me and breaking my self imposed drought." Jnarn didn't even flinch at my frank discussion of the matter. I'd found everyone in the town to be open and honest things about many things those in the outside world would shy away from discussing. "I do worry how they'll take to the fact that I still have a link to my ex husband, a highly intelligent artificial intelligence and my best friend, who happens to be planning on sharing said blood recipients."
"Yes, that is tricky, given their inherently possessive natures. I've been talking to Emily on Mars. She and her two mates Aston and Steve feed two Lyreans, one male and one female. Emily had no wish to be ruled by the male Lyrean so she gave him his first feed while another held a knife to his neck. She made it clear that she was happy to help by feeding him but any sex would only come with a relationship, a relationship on terms they both agreed to. He didn't like it but given the blade at his throat he took what was offered. They've all since come to terms with each other. Pretty devoted from what I can tell."
"Hmm," seven foot vampires might be a bit for either me or Tess to hold at bay. "What about Russell, do you think he might help us out?"
"He could but it would be in direct violation of our alliance with the Karpathians. No I think you will need another Lyrean to make the threat. The president of Karpathia is coming here to thank you all for what you have offered to do. He may see reason and help you. It would be worth asking him. If he does it then you can stay out of the politics."
That did sound preferable.
Jnarn frowned but in my head I felt him concentrating on other voices.
"What is it Jnarn?"
Jnarn tensed, alarmed, "There's a storm out over the Rasselas. Lightning's got a bushfire going. The land's faeries are crying out for help. Do you suppose You, George and Tess could get the transporter up and running, asap? We desperately need a water bomber out there. Triglav's got our main ship at the other end of the galaxy."
Tess? I sent the plea.
George and I are discussing it. Okay possibly if TG could help us finishing off the refit by testing all the connecting circuits we might be able to get this baby back up and running.
TG? I directed my thought to the computer on the unique communication pathway we shared.
Can do Gratia, just need you to go there so I can connect through you to the ship.
"We're Going" I reassured Jnarn we'd do what we could. He passed the message on. I teleported to the ship.
TG directed me to where she needed me, I found the panel and placed my hand on it.
Great, just stay there, TG ordered.
Fine, I'd stay there. Tess, I'm here on board but TG needs me where I am.
No sweat Graz. The rest of the town's engineering team have arrived. They're attaching the water scoop. George and I are clearing the tools away so there's nothing flying around in here when we take off.
Take off! Bloody hell. We were really going to do this. It might be a micro sized spaceship and I would have dearly loved better circumstances for our first flight but we were going to do this. Hell Leigha, I owe you one.
TG breached my thoughts, All circuits functioning. All systems check.
You hear that Tess?
Yep, we're coming up.
Tess entered the bridge, Mendal close behind.
"George isn't with you?" I wondered.
"He and John are teleporting the fire truck out there. John can zap it place to place as needed. Meta and Melissa's hubby Rob are teleporting one of his bulldozers out there so he can start pushing a fire break. Andrew's liaising with his contacts to see if they'll loan him a true water bomber. Russell will help with the pick up of that and bring it into this dimension. Police Officer Kiana will take charge of that one. In the meantime we're all they've got. We await your command."
Now Tess was putting me in command. Would everyone stop with this 'you're leadership material' thing? Okay, perhaps now was not the time to argue about it. "Ready for takeoff."
"Engine's purring captain," Mendal confirmed. "We'll only be coasting compared to what this beauty can do with her new engine. There won't be any stress on the new systems."
I'm ready to initiate launch sequence on your command, TG reassured.
"Water scoop is attached and secure", Tess confirmed.
"TG, get us out of this shed and launch when ready." I hadn't a clue what she needed to do but I trusted her and I was trusting her to tell me if she needed any input from me."
All good Gratia, TG reassured, just taxiing onto the main street now. Where to?
"Mendal, I need coordinates for where we're going. John took me there so I don't actually know where it is."
"Understood captain. Entering coordinates now."
Got 'em, TG confirmed.
"TG has the coordinates", I let the others know.
"Yep, I've got their lake up on screen." I was still reeling from how quickly we'd gotten to our destination but there was no time to wonder in awe about it. "Ready to scoop up some water whenever TG can take us in lower."
"On it." TG telepathed
The screen next to the console, where my hand was connecting TG to the ship, showed our flight over the water. "I can see the smoke. Up on the right flank of that hill over there."
"Water is in the scoop," Tess announced.
"Okay let's go over there and see if we can chuck our bucket on this thing. Watch out for our friendlies. We don't want to drown anyone down below."
"Water is away, all six thousand beautiful liters of it." Tess revelled in the feat as if she'd just trounced some monster in a computer game.
I studied my screen, we'd made a difference already but I thought we might be able to do better. "TG, what's the wind direction. Can you get us over the front of the fire for the next drop."
"Good thinking. Wind is coming directly from the West. If we attack from the East we should stop it getting away up that hill."
I turned to Tess, "Ready to go again?"
"A full bucket captain."
"Would you stop calling me that. Okay, let's pick our game up now we know what we're doing."
It took most of the afternoon and into the evening but finally, as the wind died down, we were sure we had the job in hand. 
"Eadaoin says her people will keep watch through the night. The guardians of the Rasselas will contact us if there is any flare up." Tess relayed
"Let's head for home."

As we walked into the pub everyone came up to greet us and pat us on the back. The other firefighters had returned too. The pub was abuzz with excitement and rejoicing.
"It's not that many years ago they had to battle to save the town from a fire lit by their enemy on a hot, windy day. Boswell survived but just. Everyone's happy for those who live in the Rasselas and for the faeries who nurture and protect the land there." Dad explained. "You will all be remembered for what you did today."
I didn't know if I needed remembering but it was nice to be appreciated. My moment of warm glow was interrupted by a bright shimmer of light in front of me. I felt a touch on my forehead and instantly Eadaoin was there, complete with wings of iridescent blue and mauve. "Eadaoin!" I bowed my head slightly, not sure of what protocol went with faeries.
"Relax Gratia, I have come to thank you."
"Honestly, what sort of person would I be, or the people with me be, if we hadn't pitched in to help as we could?"
"You wouldn't be a person I would acknowledge but Gratia, you are not that person."
"Oh," it was still a bit of a shock that anyone other than Tess would think well of me.
"I will tell you one other thing Gratia as I know you are still unfamiliar with the metaphysics that operate at the level of existence you are now living in. When you mix your soul with others your aura is affected by theirs."
"Soul mixing?"
"I think you call it sex."
Good grief, did that mean I had mixed my aura with Stephanos and Owen?
"Indeed, the captain of an aircraft carrier on furlow and an off duty airport security officer. Kit chose well. When thrust into a leadership role today you did not run a mile as you might have once. It felt natural didn't it?"
It had. "You think Kit chose them on purpose?" but what could they gained from me?
"I suspect they gained from your fierce determination to right your life. In the same way Tess's two mechatronics engineers gained from her joi de vive."
I didn't know how I felt about Kit's meddling but at least she'd matched us well. It was warning enough that we should take care who we liaised, um had sex, with. "Thank you for enlightening me Eadaoin."
"Ah, I wouldn't call that bit of information enlightenment but I think you will get there." She moved onto the other firefighters without waiting for my response. 
I was getting to understand that Eadaoin didn't bother with pleasantries but I liked that she was so 'real'. There was no doubting what she said. It was exactly what she meant. She was egalitarian too. It didn't matter what role we'd played in helping to put out the bushfire so quickly, we were all duly blessed with the faerie sight. Except, I wondered about TG. Could you see her TG?
Through your eyes, yes. What a magnificent being. I wonder what those wings are made of?
Energy, I surmised.
Tess tapped me on my shoulder to get my attention, "Alpha's invited me to the Rasselas to get my tattoo enhanced, don't wait up."
"Okay, I think we still have some of that tea that Kit brought over to help me recoup after my tattoo. It might be a good idea to have some of it before you come to bed." I tried to make that a suggestion rather than an order, although I wanted to order. I wanted to protect her and see to her well being. I had to wonder if I was becoming some kind of dominant, like Owen.
Tess's eyes lit with amusement as she caught my thoughts but she wisely didn't comment on them, "What about you? Are you going to hang out here for a bit?"
"I think I might, I just saw Sam and Asha come in. I want to hear how that's going."
"And you want to talk to your ex." Tess had no trouble seeing through me.
"That too."

Samantha saw me approach their table and frowned.
"Peace Sam, I just wondered how things went today?"
Asha, who'd come some small way towards forgiving me our past condescended to answer. "JJ and Bran met us at the first ocean site we'd chosen in the Gulf of Mexico. It was amazing. Sam waded out into the ocean with them then lowered her arm so a single cell of the plasmodia mascus could enter the water. Then JJ and Bran hit it with a range of frequencies they thought might work. I have to say that initially it looked like the exercise would be a complete and utter failure but then a pod of dolphins ventured into the area."
"How did the dolphins cope with the lack of oxygen in the water?"
"Not easily but they only stayed for a couple of minutes. Long enough to add their song. Bran thinks it might have been the infrasound mixing with their higher pitched music that did the trick. The PM instantly responded by starting to multiply in the water, morphing as it did into some kind of new phytoplankton. We thanked the dolphins and then scooped up a sample of the new life form and used it to inoculate the next places on our list. Russell kindly teleported us around."
I wondered where Russell was now, "So how many sites have you been to so far?"
"All the saltwater locations. We'll have to adapt the life form for the fresh water of Lake Erie and the Elizabeth River in Virginia. We'll go somewhere like the Amazon tomorrow, where there are river dolphins and see if they will be as willing to work with us to adapt the phytoplankton to freshwater conditions."
"So on track?"
Asha shrugged but looked worried, "Honestly we don't know. Even factoring in Euler's number into the growth equations it's going to be touch and go whether we can effect a big enough change in the time needed."
Er, that didn't sound hopeful, "Plan B?"
"There is no plan B Gratia, as you well know. As soon as we've distributed the phytoplankton I'll be heading off to convince the governments of the world that we are facing imminent demise unless they start fixing the problems we discussed. Andrew's assigning me a couple of bodyguards. He thinks the Din will be out to stop me. They own a lot of industry along the affected rivers."
I didn't envy her her colossal task. "And you Sam?" I'd see if she'd speak to me.
Sam sighed, "You really won't let me ignore you will you. Okay, I guess I'm being a bitch but I still haven't forgiven you for all the grief you caused Callan. Russell and I will head back to Mars but not until after the Lyrean delegation have been. The president of Karpathia, his mates, his sister Naira from Mars and her mate. They're all coming here tomorrow. You'd best wear a kevlar vest or something. As mild mannered as my brother is I can't imagine he'll be pleased to see you."
"Harry's coming?"
"He's Naira's mate, as is Callan," she smirked as she dropped that bombshell. "Callan also has a bond with an android named Seren."
"But Callan can't take, er, a two legged form," I used the Delphine's jargon for sentients who didn't roam the oceans.
"That would be a no."
"May I talk with him?"
"Why ask me?"
"I suppose I thought it only right, he's on your arm."
"He's part of all of us on Mars, all of us who want him that is. Except for Russell who can't because he's pure energy. We've chosen to embrace the main force of nature on Mars. Perhaps if those still on Earth had been able to do the same with the life here the planet wouldn't be in the mess it is. On Mars we're all interconnected and we actively acknowledge that by linking with the PM. If we harm it we harm ourselves. Go ahead, speak with him."
I closed my eyes to filter out the distractions of the pub, including Sam's glare. I identified my line to Callan and followed it. Callan?
Hello beautiful. You're not angry with me then?
What with? Oh, you mean Naira. No I'm really happy for you Callan. You deserve someone wonderful. She is wonderful isn't she?
She is. I couldn't ask for better. Naira's openly embraced what I am. And Harry, as ever, is my best friend. The nature of my existence is no impediment to our shared love. There is a soul sharing on a very deep level.
So no regrets? I couldn't help but wonder.
Hell no. I exist within the unlimited potential of life on the planet. I have no need to identify with a single existence as a man. I am everything. Well nearly everything. The PM stays away from those who would do us harm.
Like those at this mining camp I've heard about.
Exactly.

21

My sleep that night was disturbed by dreams and they weren't my own. I looked around the room I was in and recognized it as the great hall of the club in Sydney, complete with its stage. On the center of the stage a naked figure was kneeling, back straight, hands resting on thighs, eyes down. "Tess? Why am I here? You know you're dreaming don't you?"
The figure on the stage said nothing. It had to be Tess. I walked up to her, my hand stroking her face and raising her chin until I could see her cheeky eyes, sparkling like diamonds. "Answer me Tess."
"If this is but a dream then I am doing what I want in it."
"Which is?" I had an inkling but I had to hear it with my own ears.
"Offering myself to you."
"But?" How could I say this gently without hurting her?
"Its okay Gratia, I know both of us have healthy heterosexual appetites. This doesn't need to cross any boundaries we're not both comfortable with."
"But what is 'this'?" If not sexual then what?
"Whatever we want to make it."
I opened myself to her mind, hoping to understand her true intent. Images flashed through my mind and they weren't exactly plutonic but they gave me some ideas. Being as this was a dream I decided to conjure a bed, along with a few other bits and pieces I needed. I stacked up a heap of pillows to make myself a comfy place. The bed took on the look of some ancient middle eastern boudoir. "Come here Tess. I want to hold you." Hugs were always high on Tess's itinerary and I loved giving them to her. A light globe flashed in my mind as I realized what I could truly do for her. 
Tess's petite body snuggled against mine. Like a gift thrust into my arms I felt lucky to have her there. Grateful even. I decided to play into her fantasy dream. "I accept your offer, now hear what I want. For starters I expect you to answer my questions honestly, even bluntly. What is it you want, right now?"
"An orgasm but I want to be here with you when I have it. I want that closeness."
"I can do that but on my terms."
"Terms?" Tess tensed slightly.
"You didn't think you would kneel before me in submission and I would let you do whatever you wanted did you? If we're playing this game we're playing it properly. If not your safeword is red."
Tess shivered with excitement, "I want to play the game."
"Then we need something for you to call me. I want a clear delineation between the game and real-life. And don't call me any gendered term. Owen called me 'my lady' but that was in an entirely different role."
Tess thought for a moment, "I've seen some sci-fi where female military officers are called Sir. I could call you that. It doesn't matter that others might think it strange because we'll only use it within the game."
Sir? Odd, yes, but I was strangely comfortable with it. "Sir then. Now do I need to restrain you or will you let me do whatever I wish to do with you?"
"Whatever?" Tess's tone said she wasn't so sure about that.
"It's a matter of trust Tess. You either trust me enough to play this game you've chosen or you say your word."
"I do trust you Sir. It's just my over imaginative mind that worries."
Well I couldn't fault her honesty and I had asked for that. "Fair enough. Then lie back against me and let me do this for you. And Tess..."
"Yes?"
"You're not allowed to come until I say."
"What?"
"Are you questioning your dominant. Because I can put you over my knee and spank you," I warned.
"You would never hit me," Tess shook her head, sure of that.
"I would if I thought I thought it would give you pleasure and it was within the rules of the game. I'm a mathematician Tess. What do you think I'm like with game constructs and rules."
"Er."
"Let me rephrase that. What would a dom like Owen have done to me if I'd shown him disrespect or been bratty?"
Tess grinned, "He would have paddled your ass."
"Exactly. Behave."
"Yes, Sir." In an act of trust she closed her eyes and leaned back into my arms.
I let one hand find her clitoris, skimming teasingly past it as I placed one finger inside her cunt to test her readiness. Tess was wet, very very wet. I reached for the vibrator I'd conjured into the dream. A nice girth to it. Not excessive but it would give her a feeling of fullness. I expected we were both going to have to get used to large cocks. Yeah, I'd been reading up on Lyrean anatomy.
I lubricated the dildo with the latest advance in plant-based lubricant, smearing a liberal coating over its entire girth. "I'm going to insert a vibrator inside you Tess. Keep those eyes closed and don't say a word."
Tess's moan as she accommodated the vibrator's thickness was more eloquent than any word. I switched the vibrator on a medium setting, causing a jolt in her body. "Stay still Tess. I didn't give you permission to move. You will open yourself to this experience and take what I give you." My hand found her clitoris again. I smeared her own wetness onto her nub, gently tormenting and stroking it.
I felt Tess tense momentarily as she fought valiantly not to shudder or squirm in my arms. "Yes Tess, that's beautiful, open to the pleasure. Don't fight it but don't come."
Was that a swear word I heard in my head?
Tess wasn't in a position I could spank her for her response so I did the next best thing. Biting my lip to stop my mirth at the evil pleasure of it I revved up the vibrator. "Don't disappoint me Tess. No coming yet."
I felt her struggle roll through my mind. Tight bands of need and yielding warred with each other. A full meltdown was in process. Heat poured off her body in waves. So so satisfying, for me. I felt the power of it. The joy of giving her this experience. At the point where I felt her control on the point of fracture I gave her what she longed for. "Come now Tess."
Tess's back arched as she screamed, a sound so piecing that it broke through our shared dream, into reality. Finally the full weight of her body fell against me. 
I stroked her hair and kissed the top of her head. I wondered if she'd realise what she'd just given me. To be able to give so much pleasure to another person. To a person I cared deeply about as a friend and partner. A small worry crossed my mind, wondering if what we'd just done would affect those other parts to our relationship. More troubling was the thought of how to deal with two macho vampires. I knew now what I hadn't known an hour before. I was a natural dominant. Maybe my aura had picked up some of Owen and Stephanos's dominance but I think theirs had only woken my own. I felt the all consuming need to protect Tess and to give her every fantasy she'd ever dreamed over. Her pleasure was my own. Indeed, that we'd shown up in each others dreams suggested that there was very little actual boundary between us. Yet, still, we were unique. But I knew now I didn't want to be Gratia without Tess, together we made two parts of a whole that was bigger than either of us. If those vamps wanted us for more than blood they were going to damn well need to contend with that. 
I reached out with my mind and found my ex. Not that I thought he'd entirely understand my problem. He certainly wasn't a dominant. But in dealing with me he'd had more relationship counselling than anyone else I knew. That had to make him an expert of a kind, Callan, I need your advice. 

22

I woke to the feel of a presence in the room. A man seated in a spare chair by the coffee table. I didn't know him but I'd seen him healing Kenny. Close cropped copper hair and grey eyes that could pierce your soul. Owner of the massive Georgian house near the park. Part owner of J.D. Goodwin security. A man my father respected despite the fact he claimed to see the future. Apparently someone who didn't respect locked doors. You're Simon. I used mind to mind so as not to wake Tess.
Tess won't wake for another hour. Put some clothes out for her and leave a note on top. We won't be gone too long.
How had he known I was itching to choose Tess's clothes for the day? She usually threw on whatever she had with little thought for color combinations or overall effect. And I liked the chaotic, messy, full throttle approach she had to life. I never wanted to change that. But. She'd look wonderful in a top that showed off her petite but perfect bosom and jeans that actually fitted her. Perhaps even hems that had been taken up to the right length rather than simply rolled up.
Simon eyed me appraisingly, holding out a bag of clothes he'd conjured from somewhere, go on, you know you want to.
I accepted the bag and examined contents, I recognized the quality of the handiwork immediately, Melissa.
With compliments. She'd also been a little frustrated that Tess was still using the few clothes she'd come with.
Tess doesn't like charity.
So put a bow on it. It's not charity if it's a gift.
Damn it. He was right. I did want to choose some better clothes for her. I fished out a cute pair of jeans that had sapphire colored bling on the back pockets. They would go perfectly with the streak of blue in her hair. The burgundy fitted lace up top was perfect, almost corset like but with an elegance that made it look classy. I folded the clothes neatly and put them on the chair by the bed. Not trusting her choice in shoes either I put a pair beside the chair. Then I wrote a note that would make sure she knew last night's dream had been real for me too. 'For the gift you gave me last night, treasured beyond measure'. There, that wasn't too sappy. Was it? I added a P.S. that I'd been called out but would return before we were due at Jnarn's lab to meet the Karpathian delegation and feed some vamps. Yeah, why were we doing that again? I was feeling a little possessive of my best friend. I wasn't sure I wanted some seven foot pale alien pawing her, let alone me.
Come, Simon held out his hand. I took it and we vanished. We reappeared inside some cavern with tunnels going in all directions. "No-one said you were a Meta being Simon, I thought you had to be to transport another."
Simon turned his steely eyes on me, "The less that is known about me the better. Keep it that way."
"Okay, I can keep a secret."
"I know you can. That's why I could bring you here."
"And TG?" Was he forgetting I was linked to an innately curious computer?
He communed with me while you were still sleeping, TG butted into my thoughts.
Oh did he now? And how had he done that without speaking out loud with her?
I suspect he is a very powerful being Gratia. If only because he's the planetary guardian's son. I don't think anything he was capable of would surprise me.
She might be right about that. He oozed power and presence. So, Ma's son eh?
Simon waited for me to finish my internal dialog with TG, "This way." He indicated a side tunnel and I followed. The tunnel opened out into another cavern abuzz with a mass of technology I had never seen before. Computers? Not like any I had seen before.
A giant of a man greeted us, "Simon, it's good to see you."
Simon bowed his head slightly, acknowledging the young man, "Akoni, this is Gratia, the woman I briefed you about."
Akoni shook my hand, "It's an honor to meet you Gratia and I believe you carry links to many important others, TG, Tess and Callan."
Important? "I'm just a displaced mathematician."
Akoni shook his head furiously. "Oh no, not at all. No just. Let us show you. Simon has informed us that you are at an important juncture in your life. He's asked if we could let you use the Cassandra machine."
Cassandra machine? "What type of machine are we talking about?"
Akoni beamed proudly, like a father about to speak about a beloved child, "Only one of the most powerful computers ever built. She's ancient now of course. Built not long after the Din invaded our fair planet. It was with Cassandra that we were able to see the probable demise of Atlantis and the reasons that would lead to its fall. Based on her intel we withdraw from Atlantis, leaving the Atlanteans to the fate they had made for themselves.
Giants. Before atlantis. Scientist or not I had done a bit of closet reading of Sitchen and Velikovsky, if only to immunize myself against the rampant conspiracy theories that prevailed among the general population. Yet here was the evidence. I was going to have to further revise my ideas on the history of the earth, "You're Lemurians."
Akoni nodded, waiting for me to make further connections.
"And Cassandra is a probability machine, taking all available data so as to make predictions. Good grief. The human race is only just starting to build computers powerful enough to predict global behaviour in the stockmarkets, civic unrest and the like."
Akoni patted the machine in question. "She's still one of a kind. Now what we can do for you is take a small sample of your blood. Much of your specie's and your own past is imprinted in your DNA, epigenetic memory. From there she can make educated guesses about the choices you would face in your life, the options you would choose between and the probable consequences of those choices. It would take too long to look much into the details, and Simon says you only have an hour, but we should be able to quickly show you the highlights." He passed me what looked like a virtual reality headset. "Put that on. You will shortly feel a tiny jab on your finger. It will only take Cassandra a second to process."
Good grief Cassandra must be amazingly powerful, TG murmured in my head. Please do this Gratia. I want to see what she does.
Well when another computer put it so nicely how could I do otherwise, even if I thought it might be a complete waste of time. History in the blood? Really? But I put on the headset.
I felt Akoni jab the tip of my thumb, extracting the necessary drop of blood. Then I waited. Thirty seconds later the images started. It wasn't even my life. In this scenario my mother had killed herself before I was even born and dad had shot himself in grief. I had a sudden dread these scenarios were going to be gruelling. 
In the second scenario dad took me to a Chinese health therapist when I made puberty and started having my monthly outbursts. I grew into a happy woman, careful what I ate. I met Callan and we lived happily until the world started falling apart around us. Oceans dying. Nuclear fallout from some ongoing war on Mars. Crime syndicates running amok, taking over government and twisting everything to benefit their profit margins.
In the third scenario I had been imprisoned for the attempted murder of Callan. I'd been brutalised in prison, eventually released ten years later, a hard and old before my time woman who could only get jobs as a cleaner at the local caravan park. Dad blamed himself for what I'd become, becoming equally bitter. He'd been dismissed from the university for being too scathing of students, having, over time, reduced several dozen to tears.
In the fourth scenario Callan hadn't left me. In the end I had killed him in one of my increasingly frequent fits of rage. They'd put me away in a psych prison and kept me doped to the eyeballs until my eventual demise, having died at the relatively young age of fifty from the side-effects of the drugs.
The fifth scenario was a lot like what was really happening now. Tess and I becoming great friends, ending up in Boswell. We became part of Boswell's engineering team but we never fulfilled our dream of long range space flight, only beefing up the small transporter. We never went to Mars but the oceans were saved. Tess and I had a happy life but somehow something was missed.
The last scenario played out. Jumping ahead I saw two seven foot pale aliens who, though trying to push their authority at times, were partners. Tess was pregnant and that made me surprised and happy for her but also puzzled. Could we breed with the aliens? I saw glimpses of me at the helm of a mighty spaceship. Tess at my side. The Lyreans, my father and several others manning the craft, heading, amazingly, into the heart of the galaxy. I wasn't sure why. Akoni switched off the feed before I could find out.
Simon took the VR helmet off my head. "So?"
"I think you know. The last option is the one I want."
"And how do you get there?" It felt like he was peering into my head. He probably was.
I mentally reviewed what I seen. What had worked and what had. Dad overcoming his grief at the death of his wife in order to raise me. Callan's compassion for me that had kept me out of prison. Me standing on my balcony, reaching out to the stars and finding my determination to change, to be grateful. Dad realising he had his own issues and seeking help. Tess coming into my life, a true gift from the universe. Leigha, dropping everything and teleporting halfway across a galaxy to give me the additional shove I needed to fully embrace life. An amazing town giving us all a new home and a hope for a better future for the planet. Asha and me overcoming our past tiff. Callan's total embrace of his new reality, blowing me away with his willingness to submerge his me-ness into a greater whole. "Love, hope, compassion, trust, forgiveness, determination, gratitude."
"All of those are different aspects of love Gratia."
He was right. "What now Simon?"
Simon obviously had some plan in bringing me here.
"All your choices can be the right ones Gratia, as long as you act from love. The 3D reality can trap people into only focusing on the physical: the acquisition of food, shelter, knowledge, wealth, comfort sufficient to satisfy your individual ego. Which of course is never fully satisfied. A 3D persona tends to see itself as unique, discrete even, if I was to use one of your mathematical terms. Those of us who have our roots in higher dimensions have no problems seeing ourselves as continuous beings with only the barest of individual boundaries. Those minimal boundaries allow us to easily interact with those souls who still see themselves as discrete and separate. Separateness is at the core of the 3D plane's problems."
Discrete versus continuous, yes my mathematical mind could understand that. I was familiar with myself as a discrete being but what would it be like to exist in a state of continuity? Is that what I now had with Tess, even TG and Callan. I reached out to Callan's consciousness. Did you speak with Simon? Is that why I'm here?
I understood your doubts but had no way of showing you that in joining yourself with so many others that you wouldn't lose out. You wouldn't lose yourself but rather gain a fuller realization of who you are. I discussed the problem with my friend Russell and he with his boss Ma. 
Simon's mother. I wasn't sure how I felt about so many people discussing my angst but I guess in a telepathic world where everyone contributed to each other's well being it was par for the course. All my choices would be the right one if I acted from love, Simon had said. "Then I will save my vampire but the choice to save the others has to be Tess and dad's"
"They will follow your lead Gratia. Your doubts would have made them waver but if you do this willingly so will they."
"How do I safeguard what I now have with Tess?"
"Begin as you mean to continue. Set the scene. Take the reins Gratia."
"I don't want to control others."
"Then don't. Inspire through demonstrating your innate courage and tenacity. Listen to their wisdom and expertise. Work beside them. Guide, nudge and cajole where you see room for improvement. Be brutally honest, consistent and decisive so they know where they stand with you. Roar hell out of them if they do something blatantly stupid that endangers themselves or others but do it with compassion, making sure that they know that even when they stuff up they will never lose their place in your heart. Most of all love them. Respect their free will but be the person who will make this work Gratia." 
The look he gave me said much depended on it. I thought I'd already turned my life around. Was I willing to take it further? "Rumour has it that you have about 100,000 years on most of us Simon. I would appreciate some tips."
A smile reached Simon's eyes. If I didn't think he was so serious I would have thought there was some mischief in that head of his. He held out his hand. "Then let us return."
"Bye Akoni", I managed to say my farewell to the helpful giant before Simon whisked me away.

23
I found Tess in the laundry, out the back of the pub, putting our sheets on the line. She looked breathtaking in her new clothes.
Tess saw where I was looking, glanced down, then grinned. "I like you choices in clothes. I can never be bothered with what I wear but I have to admit these look great."
"Then you don't mind?"
"What? You making some smart choices for me? Hell no. Leaves me free to think of other things, like how to improve the three axis stabilisation unit on the transporter. One of the wheels in the mechanism isn't accelerating properly." Tess looked at me hopefully, knowing I wouldn't know the exact mechanics of what she was talking about but that I might come up with one of my intuitive guesses. I could feel her hope in my head.
"You've checked the angular momentum? It's not out of alignment?"
Tess paused in her pegging and gave that some thought."Good point, I was thinking something was sticking. That some stray dust particle might have gotten into it but I hadn't checked the alignment yet. I'll see what tools George has got in his monster box of bits."
I picked a sheet out of the wash basket and hung it on a free line, "Later. We've got the Karpathian delegation arriving shortly and we're due at Jnarn's lab at ten. I think today's the day they might let us into quarantine. We need to be prepared. I told Simon I'd come and get you then we're meeting at his house."
"Simon, as in the seer?" Tess's eyes peaked in interest, "Did you know he was a high end prostitute before he bonded with his mates and set up in the security business. He was some kind of sacred whore. A kadesh, I think someone said. He's a master of tantrik sex, psychedelic herbs and any number of other politically incorrect spiritual things."
"A left hand practitioner", I wasn't sure how I knew. Must have read it somewhere.
"Then what's a right hand practitioner?"
"Someone who follows the rule-book I guess." I wondered if there was a middle, a compromise.

Per Simon's invitation Tess and I ended up at his Georgian mansion next to the park. Arion had taken Tess under his wing and taken her out the back for weapons training. It turned out Tess wasn't that new to weapons, no surprise there given her background. Tyra dressed me while Thex gave me some preliminary coaching on what was required and indeed expected of a commander of the galaxy defense fleet. Not that I had a spacecraft to command. 
Simon explained that I needed to make as if I already was and the reality would come about to match. No, not everyone could be a commander he said. It was a matter of knowing what you were truly capable of then acting as if you had already reached that potential. If I was reaching then it would always be out of reach but if I acted as if, somewhere on the timeline it already was then it would be. Your head spinning? Yeah, mine too.
I pulled on the long boots, reinforced with something akin to kevlar to protect my shins. Arm braces did the same for the delicate undersides of my forearms. The vest protected me from attack from the rear. I was expected to be alert enough to protect my front. All the protection went over a two piece layer of skin hugging but breathable fabric which regulated my body temperature and protected me from cosmic radiation, solar rays and dehydration. The pants came with a belt hung with weapons and a comms unit.
Tyra gave me a final once over look, "You look the part Gratia."
"But her aura does not," Simon tsked. "I'm calling Melissa."
In a flash Melissa was there, "Ah, I see what you mean Simon. Let me try something." She disappeared and returned with a Tibetan sound bowl in hand. Taking a small smooth wooden stick she began to rub the rim. A faint high frequency pitch emanated from the bowl but slowly built in volume until it was nearly ear piercing. Then she stopped.
"What was that meant to do?" I wondered cynically.
"Silwa gave it to me. The Shang are interested in where our science is catching up with their metaphysics. He'd watched an online video by Stuart Hameroff about how you can stimulate the nano sized microtubules that exist in the neurons in the brain. Apparently they're exploring high frequency sound as a way to clear plaque from the brain of alzheimer's patients and shifting the mood in those who're depressed. All a bit out of my sphere of knowledge but he said it could be used to clear disorder from the mind. Any second now." 
Melissa seemed to be waiting for something but I thought she was dreaming, that was until it hit me like an oncoming train. I near wobbled as a buzz enveloped my mind then just as quickly cleared. "What the eff was that?"
Melissa seemed pleased, "How do you feel?"
I turned my awareness inward, into the inner recesses of my mind and found space, peace and calm expansiveness. "A moment ago my mind was a complete mess of doubts, remnant thoughts of being undeserving, of being guilty. Uncertain of the future. But now ? it's all clear as ... I'm not sure what." I tried to put it in words. "It feels like my mind is really in my heart space and it's a clear sky blue crystal."
"Excellent. Then you're ready," Simon decided.

It wasn't just the Karpathian delegation who gathered at Jnarn's lab. A contingent had come from Mars as well. Having accepted Callan's help with our oceans keeping the inhabitants of Mars from visiting was no longer relevant. Zakar, the president of Kapathia was in deep discussion with his mates when a tall female of his species teleported into the room. Her eyes fixed on me for a moment then swept over the others in the room. A tall woman with long white blond hair, muscles that spoke of strength and a stance that spoke power, purposefully she strode towards Zakar. 
He noticed her out the corner of his eye, turned and gasped, "Naira!"
"Brother," she crushed him in her embrace. 
Behind her a man I recognized waited patiently. Naira turned, clasping his arm and dragging him into the presence of her brother. "This is my mate Harry."
Zakar frowned, clearly none to sure, then his countenance cleared, "You're the archeologist I sent my old notes too."
Harry looked uncertain of Naira's big brother but smiled warmly. Harry had always had a welcoming way with people. "Thank you for those. They've been a boon to our efforts to map some of the areas that were destroyed in the cataclysm. It's an honor to meet you Sir."
"Call me Zak, you're family after all. Speaking of which I believe you and Naira share another bond."
Naira bared her arm so Zak could see the plasmodia mascus moving on her arm, "He's a bit restless at the moment, because of the depth of my feelings at seeing you again. He'll settle down." As if hearing her words the PM stilled its movements. "Actually we all have a bit of the PM in us, within our very cells. But Harry and I have one of the strongest bonds with him. As does Seren."
Zak looked around the room, "Seren didn't come with you?"
"My androids prefer their home planet. They're not sure how safe they would be here. Although they do have a good knowledge of the planet through watching hours and hours of television, would you believe. Most speak English and some of the other Earth languages quite well."
"As do you it seems." Zak noted.
Naira dismissed the skill as no big deal, "I learnt it from Harry's mind. Telepathy came with the blood bond."
Harry excused himself from their reunion and came in my direction. Um, how was this going to go. Last time Harry had seen me I'd been an emotionally unstable mess who'd just stabbed her husband.
"Harry, long time no see." I plastered a hopeful smile on my face.
"Alys," he acknowledged. "How are you? I was surprised when I heard you were here."
"I've changed my name to Gratia. And this is my adopted sister and best friend, Tess Sullivan."
Harry took Tess's measure as he shook her hand. "Pleased to meet you." He looked between us, as if seeing something. "You're auras are entwined, did you know that?"
I blushed, "No but I'm not surprised. There's another also."  TG, don't be shy. This is my ex husband's best friend.
TG's hologram shimmered into the room, to the astonished exclamations of several of the onlookers, "Please to meet you Harry, I'm TG."
I saw the moment Harry noticed the resemblance, "TG's appearance and personality is a little bit of both me and Tess. We're looking at how we might give her form. I was hoping her makers could speak with Naira if she has time while she's here." I was hoping Harry might broker Naira's help.
But Naira had already noticed the hologram and approached, fascinated. "I didn't realise your Earth based technology was this advanced. Remarkable. TG, are you sure you would want to be stuck in a body. You can move freely as a hologram."
"It's true my hologram can go anywhere Tess or Gratia go, due to the transceivers tattooed into their skin. We can communicate cyber-telepathically. But, forgive me my greed, I would like to feel, to touch, to experience rather than just simulate emotions. Gratia thinks it would be possible to bioprint a body but we're stuck on how to get my current consciousness into it."
"I still don't think it's a body you really need. Think of it TG. We could give your hologram the ability to take temporary physical form, whenever you wanted, using a density waveform generator. The emotions are a little trickier but I believe if we integrated the same cellular nanites that I used in creating my androids with your quantum hard-drive we may achieve that feat. As a quantum computer you're capable of superposition. There's no need for you to be limited to one place at a time as a body would be. There's also some coding my android Rudol has written. Only a couple of the automated protectors like him have accepted the programming to date but from what I've observed and what they've reported I think it may take you even closer to what you want."
Jnarn interrupted, "The afternoon's getting on and due to the time zone difference the Karpathian contingent need to return home soon."
I understood what he was trying to politely say. "Lead the way." Now came the tricky part.

I watched, cautiously, as Jnarn adjusted the settings on one of the stasis pods. The sequence of lights on it's console changed. I hoped that meant all was well. As he pushed back the cover I leaned closer to get a better view of the Lyrean I would feed. "This is Tevas?"
Naira came to my side. "He's a good man, as far as Nova Lyrean men go, my brother excluded. Zak is of course a perfect gentleman. Tevas has been asleep a long time. You will need to educate him that times have changed and that the women of your race will not put up with the old patronizing shit." She wrinkled her nose as if remembering some bad experience from the past.
"You know what is planned?" I had to know she wouldn't intervene.
"Simon has briefed me and my brother. I understand why. Heaven knows I consummated my bond with Harry before he could say much about it. By your laws I'm a criminal," she looked to my eyes expecting judgement.
"I would be the last to judge you Naira. Haven't Harry or Callan spoken to you about me?"
"I know you're Callan's ex and that you harmed him. I came here expecting a bitch. I think I would have killed you if you were. Callan was first to speak to me of the changes you have made in your life. He says you are no longer as self-focused or riddled with hate, resentment and self loathing, as you were. Is he right?"
"I'm trying Naira."
Naira turned to glance speculatively at Tess, "I suspect you're more than trying." She turned back to look me directly in the eye. "Do I have to worry about you? You're Callan's ex. He's now my mate though I do not a claim exclusive bond with him. In a way he belongs to all Martians."
"Am I jealous bitch? No Naira. As much as I can be, given the strange circumstances of his current existence, I'm happy for him. In fact?," with some difficulty I removed my old wedding band from my finger. "I think this is yours. On earth it is a symbol of the bond between two people. I still plan on being Callan's friend though."
Naira looked at the ring in my hand, mildly shocked. "You would give this to me?"
"I want there to be no doubts between us. I would like for us to get on with each other. If you're not sure ask Callan if he is happy with you wearing his ring."
Callan smiled warmly in my mind, Know that I will always watch out for you. You've come a long way Gratia. I'm proud of you. Thank you for accepting my relationship with Naira.
But I didn't need his pride. I knew now that self acceptance had to come from within me, not from others. I thanked him anyway.
Callan must have had something to say to Naira in private as I didn't hear it in my head but I saw her nod as she picked up the ring from my hand. "I'm honored." Though the ring was small for her hand. It would only fit on her little finger.
"You might need to find a metal worker to resize it for you."
"It will be fine on that finger, it's perfect as it is," looking rather emotional and far less intimidating Naira stepped back a pace to give me room. It looked like she'd decided not to kill me, today. 
Tess and TG wished me good luck in my mind. I steeled myself, harnessing a visualization I'd worked on while I'd gotten dressed at Simon's house. I accepted Naira's offered knife and made a small cut at a place on my wrist the town's doc had assured me would not be life threatening. I knelt and stretched out my hand so that the wrist hovered over the mouth of the comatose Lyrean. A single drop fell onto his lips. I half expected him to leap out of the pod like some movie-like vampire rising from his coffin but it was slower than that. After a moment I could see his eyeballs moving backwards and forwards under their lids, like he was in some dreamlike REM sleep. This was followed by the barest flutter of his long white blond eyelashes. The those eyelids sprang open, dark violet eyes staring me down. I refused to blink. I was so going to win this staring match. Hear me Tevas, I hoped the drop of blood had created the telepathic link I needed. I am Gratia Sullivan of the Galactic Defense Fleet. My first officer and mate Tess and I have willingly agreed to be blood donors for you and your friend Mishka. We will help you but that help does not, I repeat does not, give you any say in our lives or ownership of us. Are we clear. Because if we're not I will end this now. I left the threat at that. He could take it as meaning whatever he wanted.
Need blood, I felt his hunger push on my mind, yet he hadn't answered me.
Are we agreed Tevas? Yes or no?
Yes, please, hunger.
Well when put with a surprising amount of politeness how could I refuse. I put my wrist closer to his mouth and in an instant his fangs sprang forward as he bit into my arm. The pain rocked me, sharp and piercing at first but quickly replaced by a burning need in my crotch. Hell, I felt a desperate need to yield myself to him. But just as quickly Tess was at my side. She turned my head to hers, grabbed the back of my head, firmly pulling on my hair and drew me into a tongue tangling kiss. I groaned out my bliss. Out the corner of my eye I could see my father's shock but I was beyond caring about decorum. I needed Tess to distract me.
I caught my breath as I felt TG too, an electrical connection stroking the tattoo on my back. Ooh yes, that's nice TG.
Who are you talking to woman? came Tevas's firm demand.
None of your business right now Tevas. If at some stage you bother to call me by my name I may introduce you. Once you've had your fill the Doc here wants to check you out. Tess and I need to go and feed Mishka.
Mishka, yes, save him, Tevas finished sucking on my arm, releasing me. I backed away to allow Doc to check the man's vitals.
"Well that went better than I thought," Tess noted.
"Thank the universe, ready for round two?"
"Lets. I get to feed this one."
"He's a bigger man," I felt obliged to point that out but I wasn't about to tell her what to do. No, not controlling. I would be there to lay the law down to the man and protect her.
Tess cut her wrist, letting a drop drip into the man's mouth then waited for his eyes to open. Then chaos happened. 
Mishka didn't wait to open his eyes he thrust himself out of his stasis pod, dragging Tess with him and then he bit into her jugular.
I felt Tess's instant panic. 
Several us fell on Mishka, trying to restrain him. Naira was swearing at him in their native language. Zakar yelling similar abuse. We couldn't pull Tess away from him without risking him tearing her throat out.
Zen had other ideas, the mouse raced in and must have bitten Mishka somewhere because the Lyrean suddenly screamed allowing us to extract Tess. Russell and Doc pulled her to safety, checking on her. The mouse, wisely, made it's escape.
I owe you one, I sent my thanks to Zen while Naira, Zakar and I continued to hold down the struggling Lyrean. Well, it was more them than me doing the work but I wasn't about to walk away. If I was going to assert my authority I was going to need to do it now. I kneed him in the groin. That only made him fight harder. 
I'd had enough of this. I did the only other thing I could do. I drew my weapon and placed it against his forehead. He seemed to understand that. He froze.
"Someone cut my other arm so I can get some of my blood into him."
Tevas might not have understood my words yet but he understood my intent. While the others held Mishka and I kept my gun on him Tevas bit the other arm I was holding out to him. Shit that felt good but I'd worry more about that later. 
I let Mishka smell the blood. He watched avidly as I lowered my wrist to his mouth. I knew what it was going to feel like now. I prepared myself just in time as his fangs sliced into my arm. TG, I need you now.
I felt her stroke my back electonically but I needed something more. I need pain TG. You saw me with Owen. Do you understand.
A jolt of charge rocked my system. Not enough to fry me but enough to make me fight to catch my breath.
Why do you fight me woman?, Mishka finally found our telepathic connection.
Because I have no intention of giving myself to you unless it's of my own free will.
But you are feeding me? obviously confused.
Food yes, ownership no. Suck it up meathead. And if you ever, ever attack my mate like that again I will put a bullet through your brain.
The other, she is your wife?
Hell, I'd said she was my mate, wasn't that enough. But if this brute only understood ownership, yes, she's my wife, my best friend and my first officer. You will respect her. You will respect the computer I am cyber-linked too. You will respect my ex-husband and you will respect me. I am one among many, more than just myself. I am linked to the people of this town, my family, their friends and the other sentient species on this planet and Mars who are our allies. You attack or shame me or them its the same thing.
Where am I? Now he was both uncertain and confused
Third rock from the sun, we call it planet Earth. 
Why am I here? 
You were on a list of vampires who needed blood donors. Oh, yeah, vampire is what we call your kind on this planet. Anyway my family picked three from the list. We thought it was just a joke but when we realised you were real we were determined to honor our commitment. Apparently there is a shortage of blood donors on Mars.
He looked at me blankly
Where you came from. "Um," I turned to Naira who was still helping to hold the man down. "What do you guys call Mars?"
"Nova Lyrea."
Mishka understood the words. He studied Naira and Zakar curiously, recognition etching his features. There was a brief, rapid fire guttural exchange in a language I didn't recognize but my mind translated it for me anyway. Apparently I now understood Nova Lyrean even if its grammatical structure floored me, leaving me no way to put a simple sentence together. The gist of what they said was mostly a very condensed backstory, explaining how Naira was the new leader on Mars and Zakar ran his own country on Earth, with an advisory council made up of Martian refugees and the elected representatives of the country he ruled. Naira explained that Mars now had life and a complex mix of sentient beings living on it, not all of whom could be trusted but so far peace reigned.
I cleared my throat to get their attention, inclining my head towards the third stasis pod in the room. Dad stood well back from it, clearly uneasy. Are you going to behave Mishka, cause I really need to check on Tess and go and help my dad.
Naira and Zak helped the Lyrean to his feet. That his fangs were retracted was reassuring.
Who bit me?
Humph, so asks the person who just tried to take a chunk out of Tess's throat. But maybe I'd better put Zen under my protection. My good friend Zen, whose quick action saved you from getting a bullet through your head. And don't think for one minute I wouldn't have. Given a choice between my mate and a rampaging ungrateful meathead who'd you think I'd choose. Give me your word you will not harm Zen.
You're a demanding woman aren't you? 
I glared at him.
Yeah, okay, I won't harm Zen, I give my word of honor but tell me this. If you didn't want my ownership and protection why did you agree to feed me?
At least that question was simple enough to answer, because it was the right thing to do. Or would you have prefered to stay in stasis another 100,000 years
Mishka looked shocked, It can't have been so long.
I didn't have time to argue with him. My more immediate worry was Tess. The wound at her throat was still bleeding. Doc had an IV going into her arm. "Are you alright Tess?"
Tess smiled weakly. "A bit shaken. I didn't think he'd move that quickly and without warning. I think they're calling a healer named Sally to come and heal the wound."
Let me help, Tevas approached. 
Doc and I both glared at him, watching him warily. I think you guys have done enough don't you?
It is a simple matter for me to close her wound. It only needs my saliva. If you hadn't have pulled her away from Mishka in such great haste he would have done it.
Oh, so it was now our fault. I relayed Tevas's intent to Tess and Doc.
Doc looked at me, thoughtful, "His salvia might help the wound. It's not unheard of."
I winced at the lack of hygiene but knew what he meant. Dogs and cats used saliva to heal their wounds. Okay Tevas. But if you do anything more than that you're dead.
Tevas looked at me, taking my measure, You're a violent woman Gratia Sullivan.
Yes, remember that. Best to have these things upfront. And I'm a damned protective one.
He nodded, understanding, Protectiveness I understand. May I?
I made room for him.
Tess looked frightened but I held her hand. "I won't let him harm you."
"Thanks," her gratitude washed over me, embedded in sensations of complete and utter trust.
I watched fascinated as Tevas's long Lyrean tongue stroked over Tess's throat.
She groaned but it wasn't from pain.

It was Dad who looked pained when I finally came over to reassure him, "I'm having second thoughts Gratia." If he thought it strange that I'd kissed Tess he wisely said nothing.
"After that little show I don't blame you. But I understand their women are very different." I turned to Naira for a second opinion. "Do you know anything more about Leesya than was in the profile we saw?"
Naira seemed pleased that we'd sought her advice, "Leesya is highly intelligent and a very competent space traffic control officer. At least I think that is what you would call her job. She never had a mate or boyfriend that I know of but I couldn't say I knew her well enough to be sure. Her mother Lia though, she was a kindle and gentle soul. Sadly Lia, like many others, died in the cataclysm. I would have to look through our database to see if she had any other family who survived but, in a way, we are all related. Even the Santurians, on the planet that was destroyed, were considered cousins, though our culture evolved differently to theirs."
Geoffrey's face softened as he listened to the sad tale, which was undoubtedly Naira's plan. I was starting to have a lot of admiration for Callan's mate. She led through intelligence and respect rather than force or control. She seemed to have an innate wisdom when it came to dealing with people. There was much I could learn from her.
Naira and I watched, curious, as Geoffrey approached Leesya's stasis pod. He nodded to Jnarn to open it.
"Are you sure Geoffrey?" Jnarn quizzed, "I can't reverse the wakeup sequence once I've started it."
"I'm sure." He took a pocket knife from his belt and made a small cut inside his mouth. I thought I knew what he was up to.
Naira looked on confused, looking uncertain whether she should intervene.
"He's going to kiss her I think. Once he's bleeding enough."
"Oh, yes, that would work."
Geoffrey placed his lips gently over Leesya's, as if waking some sleeping beauty from a fairytale. I saw a drop of blood escape his lips.
Leesya's response was unlike the others. Her back arched as her body awoke. Dark violet eyes peered into Geoffrey's. I wondered what she was thinking. He was still bald from having lost his gray hair, only a shadow on his head showing where a new crop of dark brown hair was regrowing. 
But if Leesya had any doubts about the alien, for her, man kissing her it didn't show. She kissed him right back, a fang catching his lip. Her lips closed on the new cut and she sucked.
Dad was buckling at the knees from the ecstasy of it. Naira and I raced to grab him before he crumpled.
Leesya stopped feeding and licked her lips, a joyous smile on her face. I understood the gist of what she was saying to Geoffrey, in her language. "You have given me back my life."
Geoffrey beamed, having formed a blood link he understood her. 
I gave a heavy sigh, relaxing my tense shoulders. It looked like we had at least one happy match.
Naira guessed my thoughts, "We always knew the men were going to be difficult. Good luck with them. Now, can you direct me to where Yiannis and Evie live so I can visit them?"
"Er, I'm not clear on the directions. I kind of ended up in the lake the first time I tried."
Naira laughed heartily, "Sorry, but that is amusing. Just let me touch my forehead to yours. I'll pick the location from your brain." Which she did, before disappearing.
Zakar arched a brow, curious at his sister's sudden disappearance. 
"I guess she plans to catch up with you later. It's not like anyone's banned from Earth now."
"Indeed. Which brings me to another matter Gratia. The Republic of Karpathia is truly grateful to your small family for offering to be donors to my kin. On behalf of the Nova Lyrean high council of Karpathia may I extend an invitation to visit our fine country. I believe you seek a spacecraft to call your own. If you can salvage and repair it there is one at the bottom of the Black Sea you may have. I make no promises though as to its condition. It's been on the bottom for a very long time. Even the advanced materials it was built from might not have stood the test of time."
The day was looking up. For a spaceship I could put up with the new Lyreans in my life. We still had to finish checking out the mods to the transporter Tess and George had been working on but after that? I bowed my head slightly in deference, "I look forward to visiting soon."

24

"A full size spaceship?" Tess asked for confirmation of the announcement I'd just surprised her with. She seemed recovered from her earlier trauma and was now enjoying a homemade lemonade, underneath the shade of the pub's cootamundra tree.
"A derelict one, resting on the bottom of the Black Sea under who knows how many tons of stagnant mud."
"Ugh, Tess made a face. How are we going to get down to it. Divers?"
"Too deep. Even if they got down there we're going to need some way to raise it. The suction from the mud is going to be a considerable force acting against us. Then there's the life support systems which are either defunct or the air inside the ship's gone stale or leaked out long ago. The whole ship might be flooded. I'm hoping to persuade at least one of the Meta beings to give us an assessment."
Tess made another face. "I know they're energy an all but it wouldn't be pleasant even for them. Dark, stagnant and who knows whether there are even any compartments still in tact."
Yeah, it was sounding a bit of an ask. "So, what you think? We bother with it at all?" It could easily turn out to be a big waste of our time.
"Hell yes. But we're going to need another way to do a reconnaissance. We'll need to borrow a submersible to assess the outside at least."
"I'll make contact with Zakar's people then and see what's possible. They live near the Black Sea. They might know of some resources we can use."
"I'll get back to working on the transporter. By the way. What are we going to do with our two pet Lyreans? We were thinking they'd share our bed."
I was in no rush for that and I felt from Tess's emotions that she wasn't either, "Eventually. I'll see if I can accommodate them elsewhere for now. Leave that to me. You go do your engineering magic with George and his team, I'll coordinate the rest." Before I attempted teleporting across the globe I went to Doc's clinic to get an update on what Tess had so euphamistically called our pets. As far as pets went they didn't seem exactly the cute and cuddly variety.

As I walked into the clinic's reception area Kit met me, "They're in the treatment room. You want to talk before we go in there?"
I shrugged my shoulders, "May as well talk in front of them. They'll only pick anything I think from my brain anyway. I'm not that brilliant at blocking."
"It is difficult sometimes," Kit acknowledged my dilemma, ushering me into the treatment room.
"Do you think if I just speak my language to them they will understand me in the same way I can sort of understand theirs."
Kit didn't seem sure. "It's possible. It would be easier if you did a mind share with them."
Doc had a stethoscope on Mishka's chest. I looked away, not wanting to stare.
"Am I that ugly to you?" Mishka growled in his language. My mind translated his question anyway.
"Hardly and you know it. My mind's kind've an open book to you isn't it?"
"Then why do you and Tess retreat from us?" Tevas demanded, apparently having understood me perfectly well.
I sighed, there was no place for anything other than totally honesty in this reality, "You must know you are both attractive to us, it's why we picked you, from a list of possibles, in the first place. Your bite is ecstatic and we could easily become addicted to you both. However, at the time we committed to helping you we weren't aware of the Nova Lyrean male culture."
"I don't see why protecting women is such a bad thing." Mishka complained.
"Protecting is fine. Controlling is not. Women on my planet, well in this lucky part of the world anyway, are considered fully able to lead the same lives as men do. We do the same jobs, play the same sports, go to the same wars to defend our country and our allies and not infrequently it is the male of a couple who chooses to stay at home and raise their children."
Mishka made a face, clearly not liking the scenario I outlined. "Your men let you fight? And what male would lower himself to wiping a baby's bottom? That is not fit work for a man."
Yep, as I thought, Mishka was going to be a hard nut to crack. "I allow that your culture is different to ours but I expect that same allowance for ours. Tess and I had hoped for friendship with you both," more than that I wouldn't even venture to tempt them with. "If we are to be friends both sides will need to accommodate each other's quirks."
Tevas, at least, looked thoughtful, "Your culture is not that different to that of our kin who inhabited the now destroyed planet of Sanctuary. We never understood them but we did count them as allies."
Finally something I could latch on to. "Then let's be allies. Friendship may develop in time. In the meantime we will freely feed you. Er, how often do you need feeding?"
"About once a day," Tevas replied, "Unless we also feed during sex." His eyes gleamed for a moment, like he was throwing out bait.
I didn't take the bait. I ignored it. "We could use your help. If you're willing."
Mishka's eyes brightened with curiosity, "What with?"
If he was thinking it was sex he was about to be brutally disappointed. I outlined what was happening with the transporter, the fitting of the engine we hoped would extend its range. Then I threw them my bait. The craft in the Black Sea.
"This is the craft Zakar and the other refugees escaped on?" Tevas was suddenly animated.
"It is. It's probably too far gone but I'm heading over to Karpathia to see if they have any resources we could use to get down to the bottom of the sea to have a look at it. Anything structural we'd like to raise. It's possible we could reverse engineer some of its technology and integrate it with what we know of Malakim and Din craft."
Rapid fire conversation ensued between them, too fast for my brain to catch up with. I caught glimpse that had me curious though. When they finally stopped I asked them for clarification. "So let me get this right. Tevas is what, on Earth, we would call and instrument fitter and tool maker. They're both highly skilled jobs," I wasn't sure how he could have found the time to learn both.
"We are an extremely long lived race," Tevas pointed out.
"And Mishka is into salvage operations?" I asked hopefully, having seen flashes of his memories flash through my mind.
"More than that. I prefer to think of my role as materials acquisition. I find anything Tevas needs for his many inventions."
He had my attention, "Have you ever salvaged anything like an old wreck from an ocean before?" I mentally crossed my fingers for luck.
"Of course. As a race we lived on Mars for a very long time, before the catastrophe. Almost half the planet was covered by ocean. There were plenty of shipwrecks to plunder. It's how Tevas and I acquired enough to get started. No one was exactly going to give us the materials we needed for our inventions. We were newbies with no reputation, only ideas."
Did I dare trust him? "Fancy a trip to Karpathia? You probably know better than me what we need to raise this thing."
"I'm coming too," Tevas announced. "How do we get there?"
Hmm, trust both of them? I might need some backup.
"Tevas is not going anywhere," Doc intervened, having read their minds even if they couldn't read his yet. "His tests show he was near death before he went into stasis. I want him close by so I can monitor him until I'm sure he's stable."
I translated, relieved one of my problem charges would be staying put. 
Tevas swore, "I'm alive. I'll heal. I can't rest and do nothing."
Mishka put a hand on Teva's shoulder, "The risk is unnecessary. They're working on the transporter. Why don't you go and see if they'll let you give a hand. At the very least give the craft a once over. If it's of Din design there is much we might learn about our adversary's technology."
Tevas sucked his breath in, "Our enemy. Are they here on this planet?" directing his question to me.
"From the little I've learnt since being in this town I think so. I've met some of the ex-Din who've defected to our side. Don't attack them when you meet them, they're good guys who're part of the town's engineering team."
Doc grumbled at Tevas's ECG readings, "Settle down, you're putting your blood pressure up and I only have a few Karpathians for comparison so I'm not hundred percent sure what's normal for you." 
I explained to Doc what had put Tevas's readings up then gave his patient information that might settle him, "The transporter was stolen from the Din when some of the warriors in Boswell raided one of their bases. The inhabitants of this town are the Din's number one enemy."
"So you wage war with them?" Tevas asked hopefully.
"With difficulty. We can't panic the general population who are largely in the dark. A few watch the town's news broadcasts and know some of what goes on but the rest prefer to call it fake news and bury their heads in their daily lives of work, take away food, 'I've got a bigger kitchen than you' and their annual holiday to somewhere nice."
Tevas frowned, "I don't understand, if humans like junk food why do they need big kitchens?"
I laughed, yeah how to explain that one? "I'll show you some, what we call television programs, later. Then you'll understand. Television started out as a medium for information, entertainment and learning but sadly it's morphed into one continuous feed of brainwashing, telling people what they should want and how they're lacking if they don't have it. Fortunately this town's television network is an exception to that."
Tevas shook his head, struggling to comprehend everything in his new reality, "I think you're right Mishka, I'll stay here for now. I'll learn what I can of this place and its ways while you visit the home of our kin. We'll debrief later."
It sounded like a plan. Now I just needed someone to give Mishka a quick lesson in teleporting. Given as my first attempt had landed me in the middle of a lake I didn't feel qualified.

25

With the time zone difference the day was just dawning when Mishka and I arrived in Zarpattia, the capital of the Republic of Karpathia. Prior to joining the dimension of faery it had been known as the Republic of Translavia. They'd renamed it as a way to celebrate their freedom from the enemy. 
A moment before I'd been enjoying a warm afternoon in Boswell, on the other side of the planet. Having made a quick call the the President's office before we teleported Colonel Lupei was there to greet us. The country wasn't renowned for letting people in. You needed a presidential invite. I handed the Colonel our identification, proving we were who we said we were. The Colonel analyzed the documents carefully then smiled. "Welcome to Karpathia. Forgive the protocol, it's a hangover from the old days before we shifted into the same reality we share with Boswell. I've been trying to convince the high council that it's not warranted now that only people of a certain frequency can be here."
Mishka looked confused. "I'm of a certain frequency?"
I elbowed him in the ribs, the last thing I needed was him causing the Colonel doubts. We were in Karpathia. The inhabitants spoke Lyrean as a second or third language, "You had my blood. When I first came to Boswell I was given a retrovirus that repaired damage to my DNA done by some ancient interference with my race."
Mishka looked doubtful, "I do not see why your race's blood's so special."
"I think I can explain," the Colonel offered. "The human race evolved to follow a middle path of compassion as their way to ascend to higher levels of existence. The Din messed with their genetic structure so as to circumvent that. The retrovirus repairs the damage and allows the recipient to start rapidly re-evolving to where they should have been in the scheme of things. You being one of her mates and having received her blood benefit from that. I should know. I'd be dead if my human mate hadn't given me her blood."
"You speak as if you're not human," Mishka noted, frowning.
"More like an enhanced human. My tribe fought the Din very early on. The guardian goddess of the Earth rewarded us with special powers. We became shapeshifters, in particular wolves. We rescued your kin when they first crashed into our area and formed a strong bond with them. We fed and protected them. Became their friends. They gave us technology and wise governance. The rest you can read in our history books if you're interested."
"You're a werewolf?" I asked disbelieving.
The Colonel smiled benignly at my cynicism, "I don't care if you believe me or not. Just know that my clan protect the Lyreans. Don't cross us and you may never have to find out what we are."
Mishka seemed annoyed with me, "Forgive my mate. She is proving resistant to me getting to know her but from the little I've learned Gratia doesn't take anything on face value."
The Colonel nodded in understanding. "It is a sensible approach but I find in these strange times it pays to keep an open mind. I'm still discovering much in this world I didn't know about until I mated the first lady and the president. Come with me. He's waiting. If we go now we should catch him before he starts his busy round of engagements for the day."
"He must have been up at 3am to have teleported over to us," I surmised.
The Colonel shrugged, "Some days are like that. Zak's life's a hard one. I'd hoped he could retire when we implemented a democracy, but then the people went and elected him anyway. They demanded he sit for the presidency.

 The president greeted us in what must be the Republic of Karpathia's equivalent of the oval office. "Welcome Gratia, Mishka. You've come to accept our offer."
If the space ship was recoverable, "We'd like to try. There's a chance the lack of oxygen in the depths of the Black Sea could have preserved it. We need to have a look."
The Colonel came forward with a map and laid it on the table. He pointed to an area in the center of the sea, "This is the deepest part, approximately 2,212 metres deep,"
Wow, "That's over two kilometers down. We'll need a deep sea submersible."
"Exactly," Zak concurred, "and given the inhospitable conditions down there it would be best to send a remotely operated underwater vehicle. There are many types of those available. There's no doubt one that could be used for both the discovery and recovery phases, but?"
"But?" Mishka prompted.
"But since Karpathia is in the middle of transitioning from a purely monetary economy to a contributism based economy like Boswell and the Yungus we have no funds to give you. Our treasury is keeping a budget for things we need to purchase from the other reality and looking at what resources we could sell to keep those coffers filled but our financial people won't agree to us splashing any funds on this project. They see the risks as too high and the opportunities as minimal, probably of only historic value. Have you ever tried to convince the head of a treasury department that history has its own value?"
Mishka seemed more amused than disappointed by this set back to our plans, "Come on Zak, I know you remember me. Tell me where to go and I'll get the funds we need."
Zak grinned as he handed him a small bag, "A few gold rubles. A loan from my personal wealth. Just don't give me the details. The country has many allies who may not agree with your methods."
"Even if I skim it off the Din?"
Zak laughed heartily, "No, I don't think they'd have a problem with that but don't take so much you bring them down on our heads. They've been reasonably low profile since their leader Sakla fled to his mining camp on Mars."
Mishka frowned. "They're on our home planet?"
"Ease down Mishka. We have a truce with the Martian contingent. I doubt Sakla will cry much if you fleece a few of his old cronies down here. But you're on your own. We can't be seen to condone your activity. You'll have to treat this as a kind of black op."
"What the hell are you planning to do?" I had a few guesses but I had to ask.
Colonel Lupei handed me a list. "This is a list of known Din run casinos around the world. Take your pick."
"Gambling! You have got to be kidding me. That's a fool's game."
Mishka looked relaxed, "Not if you know the odds. Having a telepathic mathematician at my back should improve those don't you think."
"It's?" was I about to say not ethical. But then, if we were successful, it would only be at our enemy's expense.
Mishka slapped me on the back, causing me to cough, "Like Zak says, consider it a black op, just a less messy one. No blood need be shed."
"Except ours if they catch us."
Mishka ignored my concern, "Is there a hotel around here where we could get some rest before we head off?"
Zak shook his head. "Wouldn't hear of it. There's plenty of room in the palace. Now if you'll excuse me I have to grab a feed off my mates before my day starts. My assistant Viktoria will show you to a room."

"You're hungry?" I asked as we settled into the palatial room which disconcertingly only had one bed.
Mishka shook off his jacket, "I will be after I've rested a bit. I gather a lot of these casinos he's listed are on the other side of the planet. We'll end up having a long day as it is. Let's rest for a few hours then teleport over there."
That was going to be the least of our problems, "You do realise you're going to stand out, you know, seven foot pale alien with purple veins and all that. At the very least they could arrest us as illegal immigrants. At worst they might cart you off to do all sorts of nasty experiments on you."
Mishka looked confused. "Surely your planet is familiar with my Karpathian kin so why would I look out of place?"
"Well for starters, the Karpathians are very reclusive. They're very careful to keep themselves out of the media, except for Zakar who's become kind of their international ambassador as well as their president. They know the dangers and stay within the borders of their country unless they travel to Boswell or one of the other places in the alternate reality. Secondly, there are a lot of border disputes on this planet as well as outright discrimination. If you're not from the same racial heritage, same religion and same politics, let alone having the same overt sexual preferences, you can run in to all sorts of problems. I'm not saying everywhere is like that but many places are. I think that's why the Sentient Species Alliance my father works for is so secretive. Most people on this planet aren't aware they share the planet with any other sentient species, even the obvious ones like the dolphins, whales and of course the Karpathians."
"Barbarians," Mishka muttered.
"Actually, considering the ape-like ancestors we evolved from we're not doing too badly. Our close cousins the chimpanzees are known to carefully patrol the borders of their territories and kill any chimp from a rival group who steps over that boundary. Generally humans don't kill illegal immigrants these days."
"But they would cart me away to run scientific experiments on me."
"There are some who would consider, because you're not a human, that it would be okay to experiment on you. They do on dolphins, whales and many other, um, species." I was going to say animals but stopped myself in time.
"Hence my earlier statement. Barbarians."
I shrugged my shoulders in defeat. There really was no putting any positive spin on it. "Not all of us are barbarians."
"Which is why someone like you can exist inside of the Boswell reality."
I hadn't thought about it that way. I usually tended to see myself as flawed, given my violent emotions, "I suppose so." I needed to get our discussion back on topic before it became way too personal. "Back to making money,  I have an idea Mishka. One that won't need us to go waltzing into some lion's den of a casino."
Mishka looked at me curious. "I see your thoughts but I do not understand this. Probabilities and odds?"
"TG on," I sent my request, trusting TG's hologram could travel the distance.
She shimmered into form, sporting a new hairstyle, a cute fringe and the rest of her now magenta pink hair pulled back into a ponytail. The ponytail gave her an air of innocence and youthful exuberance but the color was desire to try out new things and maybe make a statement.
I grinned, "Like the look TG."
TG beamed at me, pleased I'd noticed. I felt her pleasure. "Thanks Gratia. I've anticipated your request and studied the odds of sporting events happening around the globe today. I've gone back and looked at the teams and individual player profiles, what's happening in their lives right now, away games and home games and so on. I've identified which online gambling companies are owned by Din operated conglomerates and which ones are the wealthiest and least likely to notice our winning streak. You're happy for me to use funds from your bank account?"
"Excellent, yes use my funds but spread them to minimise the risk. You're brilliant TG but a lot of things can go wrong with this that might be outside your control. Let's play it safe and not put all the funds on one bid. Start small and build up from there. I don't want to have to take out a bank overdraft of anything like that. Other than not bankrupting me go for it. Mishka and I are going to have some rest for a bit. He's got plan B to hit some casinos in the States but I'm not keen to go where these companies might have security people who might give us grief or identify us and give the Sentient Alliance Grief. Ah, that's a thought. Can you create an alias for your gambling, hiding who you are and who you're bidding on behalf of?"
"Will do. Happy resting." Her eyes raked over Mishka, her amused grin turned cheeky. "I'll check back with you in say four hours?"
"Unless I'm sleeping, if I am give me an hour or two longer."
"No problems," TG vanished.
Mishka stared at where she'd been. "I didn't even get an introduction."
Oops. "Sorry Mish, I'm quickly getting used to TG as an extension of myself. Although she does have her own evolving personality. She's AI. I've got people looking into how we can extend her capabilities."
"She already seems more than capable. She already knew what you were going to ask," Mishka noted.
Hmm, how to explain this, "Cyber-telepathy. She's linked with my mind."
Fortunately Mishka didn't need more of an explanation than that because I wasn't sure of the technicalities myself.
"Then it appears we have some time to ourselves," Mishka made himself comfortable on the rather large bed and rearranged a few cushions. He patted a spare space on the bed, "Come, I won't eat you, well not like you fear. We have much to talk about. Let's be comfortable."
I guess it couldn't hurt. He seemed more reasonable than I expected. "I'm not afraid of you Mishka. I just don't want to give away my rights to you. I'm my own person. I don't want to be owned."
Mishka nodded, "I've worked out that you're a lot more like a Sancturan woman than a Nova Lyrean. You don't wish me to put you somewhere safe out of harm's way and tell you how to lead your life. You don't need me to make decisions for you."
"Um, Yes. Exactly." 
"Frankly that's a relief. Tevas and I always fancied the exotic. I guess there's no-one more exotic than someone you don't understand. You're truly attractive. You have a brilliant mind and yet you have a deep vein of self doubt running through your psyche. Why is that?"
Yeah, good question. Why was I what I was? "I don't really know. Basic nature partly. Probably a genetic tendency. My naturopath would say diet. Upbringing too I guess. Look I don't pretend to understand your culture but in mine parents have a lot of different ways of bringing up a child. My mum suffered stress from taking on too much at work. She fell into a deep depression and committed suicide, leaving dad to raise me. He must have been scared as hell that mum's tendency to depression might run in my veins. Yet he aspired for me to reach my potential, at least intellectually. In the end he trod a middle path, encouraging my interest in maths and science but steering me towards a career he thought might be lower stress than what I wanted. I'd wanted to become an astronaut but frankly that was unlikely to happen. My country doesn't even have a space program and the other countries that do tend to recruit only the very best. Dad didn't want me overextending myself so he steered me into mathematics hoping I'd take up a teaching job. Although frankly I have more than a few friends who did go into teaching and they've told me it's beyond stressful."
"So if you didn't go into teaching what did you do?"
"I became a data analyst. The public service offered reasonable pay and a safe stable job. It wasn't enough to challenge me but it was an act of rebellion. Dad never approved. He saw academia as having more status. He was even less enthusiastic when I met a fellow data analyst at a conference and married him."
Mishka frowned, "I have seen your memories of him in you. You hurt him and he left you. But you loved him. You have done much to turn your life around. Do you want to go back to him?"
I could see now that that was a worry for Mishka and probably Tevas too. "No, he's moved on. He has new mates now. But you are right in that I still have a deep affection for him. I think at some level my psyche still considers him as a mate, given that I can communicate with him so easily. I would like to have him as a friend if that would not cause problems with you and Tevas. I don't want to give you cause to be jealous."
"I think I should be able to convince myself I don't have any need to be jealous of a sentient slime mold."
I bit at my bottom lip, "There is that. And Tess and TG?"
"I'm beyond curious about TG. As for Tess, what's not to love? You love them both. That's good enough for me. Despite the problems you've had to overcome you are without doubt a sensible and logical woman. You have a big heart. I merely ask that you make a little room for me. Yes my first inclination is going to be overprotective, a bit arrogant and dictatorial but you've learned to stand up to your father so I expect you to do the same with me."
"I can do that."
Mishka seemed pleased, "Good. Now we have that sorted are you going to tell me who Owen is and why you had sex with him. Is he someone I need to hunt down and deal with?"
Deal with, I could just imagine what that might mean, "It's not like that. He's no competition for you. It was purely some negotiated play. A lady named Kit has been helping me. She thought I might feel more comfortable going into whatever relationship Tess and I develop with you and Tevas if we explored a bit." That and I hadn't had sex for a long time. I'd had a lot of pent up tension to release.
In a blur of movement Mishka was suddenly on me, knees spreading my legs and his large hands holding my wrists above my head. "So let me get this clear. You don't want me to control or over-protect you but this excites you?"
I gasped, surprised but excited, damn. "If I trusted you I could give up control, for sex, but it would be negotiated. We would each be clear what we liked and what we would allow. And I'd have an out, a safeword that you would honour by stopping what you were doing to me if I was uncomfortable." Hell, it was hard thinking with him holding me like this.
Mishka looked thoughtful as he held me firm, "I think I like the sound of that. It would greatly reduce the chance of any misunderstandings between us. Honestly, trying to guess what a lover wants is at times both a headache and a minefield."
I was starting to see why Kit had introduced me and Tess to the lifestyle. She'd been showing us a possible way we could manage our vampires. "Communication is key to the lifestyle people like Kit and Owen participate in. Trust and respect are the other key elements. After that its left to each couple or poly group to negotiate what they like and put it in a contract. There are no rules other than keeping the play safe and sane for all parties involved. At least that's how it's been explained to me."
"I'd like a safe word too."
"I've got no problem with that", although why a seven foot well muscled alien who probably weighed twice as much as me would need one I wasn't sure. Then again who was I to say I mightn't ask for something he was uncomfortable doing. "I guess I should ask too, does sharing me with so many bother you?"
"Hardly, Sharing a woman wouldn't be a first for Tevas and me. Not that you'd want to hear that."
"Actually I like that you know how to share, that's reassuring. Tess and I had hoped you wouldn't baulk at the idea."
Mishka grinned. "Yes, I'd gotten that from your mind. Although I think it was Tess's idea."
It was an intimate discussion to be having while he held my wrists. Did I want him to let go. Did I need to negotiate a contract before I'd let him touch me. He'd read my mind anyway. "You're getting me aroused."
"Yes I sensed you like being restrained like this. I will have to explore this more."
"In the meantime?"
"Yes I do have you kind of where I want you. But we have not negotiated. Isn't that what I need to do?"
"We can go into all the details later. Right now my vagina is yelling at me. It wants you inside me. Plain and simple."
"While I feed?" Mishka asked hopefully.
"I think that would turn me on too."
"And your safeword?"
"For now red'll do. If you're starting to scare me and I need you to slow down I'll say yellow," yellow had a kind of cowardly connotation to it. I'd work out a better word later.
"You will trust me?"
"I probably shouldn't. I hardly know you and there is no-one here to rescue me if you went beyond what I wanted. Although I have no doubts TG could zap you with and electrical charge."
Mishka laughed, "Chaperoned by an AI. I like that. We good then?"
"Yes."
Quicker than I could blink the claws on his right hand lashed out and ripped my clothes asunder. I gasped.
He paused, "Too scary"
"No. Exciting," I answered honestly. Although I was going to have to find some new clothes. Fortunately they only been a few warm but formal clothes I'd thrown on for the trip, nothing special.
"Good, you do not move." He got up and speedily undressed. 
His body was glorious to behold. Yes the purple colour of his veins against the stark white of his skin was a reminder that he was alien but the eight pack of ab muscles and the sleek lines of his body distracted me.
I obeyed and stayed still as he came back onto the bed, like a giant cat stalking it prey. "I have no ropes to truly restrain you. I will be better prepared in the future. For now we will have to pretend I have you tied. You cannot escape me." He crept up the bed until he was seated near my knees then he leaned for, his head descending onto my pussy. 
I groaned in pleasure as a long rasping tongue flicked out and lapped at my liquid warmth.
"You taste good. Do humans do this?"
"Yes," I could only murmur a one word answer. "Again?" I asked hopefully.
"My lady's pleasure is my own," he proclaimed just before his long tongue took to me again.
It was an unreal sensation. His long tongue had to have muscles I could only imagine as it drove into me, again and again, licking at sensitive inner recesses I hadn't known I possessed. It fueled my inner fire. A desire gripped me to spread my legs further, to invite him in, "Please."
Mishka was in my mind and knew immediately what I wanted. I'd tried to keep my eyes away from that mass of flesh that now stood erect and ready. 
"I will try and be gentle."
"Don't you dare," I growled.
Mishka laughed. His fingers idly exploring the depths of my pussy, causing me even further frustration. "So wet. I think I will enjoy drowning in you." His removed his hand and replaced it with his cock, nudging my labia apart. "Be patient Szerelmem, my love. It may take a moment for you to become accustomed to my girth."
Not to mention his length. I had no idea how this was about to play out, whether it would cause me pain, but I had a moment to remember the stars I'd put my trust in not really that long ago. Trust and gratitude. With that though I relaxed and yielded to him. We both groaned in mutual pleasure.
"Yes Szerelmem, give your body into my keeping so I may ride us both to pleasure."
"Do it Mishka," I felt his slight thread of fear of hurting me. He needed me to reassure. "I want this. I want you."
"Then you will have me. All of me," and he thrust.
"Oh my god?" I felt him in places I'd never felt before.
Mishka smiled, reassured, "You do wonders for my self esteem." 
"Don't be gentle," I reminded him, despite my better judgement.
"As my lady wishes," he started a slow and steady pound, feeling his way, testing my resolve at first. Steadily he increased his pace. His stamina blowing my mind. This was not going to be any two minute wonder. Time blurred. My mind blurred. Boundaries fragmenting until it was like our flesh was one."
"More Szerelmem, open your heart. Let me in. See me inside your heart."
I cried out as the hard walls of my protected heart space opened. I don't think they had ever been open before. Naked and raw. I stared at him in wonder.
"Turn your head to the side," Mishka rasped his command,even as he continued to thrust.
Just as I complied I saw a flash of fangs, then his head descended on my neck. A sharp piercing of the skin, shocking me as it had before. His mouth and lips locking onto the wound like strong suction cups holding him in place. I felt the pull on my artery as he sucked blood from it, drinking deeply. That pull went all the way through me. All the way to where his cock ground into me. Topped and tailed. The duel pleasure ignited me and I screamed out my bliss as our blood and our minds merged.

I awoke to the sound of TG's voice tentatively trying to wake me. "Gratia, you awake? Are you alright?"
A large body held me in place but other than feeling well used, in the best possible way, I was unbruised. "I'm fine TG, how'd you go with the gambling?" I still wasn't sure that I was comfortable having gotten her involved in an activity of such dubious value. Hopefully her ability to research and calculate odds meant she hadn't blown my meagre bank account.
TG grinned, "I think you'll be pleased. I did what you said and kept my bids small and spread across a number of the Din owned betting agencies. I then took that two million and invested it in the short term money markets."
What had she said? "Two million?" I sputtered.
"Yes," TG seemed nonplussed by the amount, "While I accumulated that another part of my core studied the moving averages on a number of stocks, particularly in the commodity markets that change rapidly. Did you know there's a kind of symmetry to how they rise and fall."
It was the fall I was worried about, "No I didn't know. How'd you pick which ones to follow?"
"Oh, that was easy. I looked at the cycles for the last two hundred years, factored in current news events, wars and political coups and the like and then made my play."
"And?" It looked like TG had been having a whole heap of fun while I slept but I was still nervous about the outcome. Stuff it, I would trust her. "How much did you make?"
"As of five minutes ago you were worth fifty nine million and rising."
"Oh my...!"
TG laughed at my surprise, "It's nothing, we're going to need most of it. Hiring remote underwater vehicles doesn't come cheap. We'll need one to do the initial reconnaissance and then others if we go ahead with raising it. Then there's contracting specialised personnel to drive them. I've had to earmark a part of the amount to pay capital gains tax that will be owing on such short term gains. The filming rights I've sold to a United States television channel that specialises in history, on the proviso they use the Boswell Alternative News network as the production team and allow them the first chance to release any major news related to the project. That should cover your tax. I've set up a foundation for any money left which can go to help Asha's work but I'll need to acquire more if we decide to buy up any of the available river delta land around the globe."
Er, TG had a point. If we owned the land it would be easier to get the permission of local authorities to restore it.  "You're sure the DIn aren't onto you?"
"Not yet. I've been monitoring the dark web for chatter as well as their communications. By the time they are wise to what we're doing I'm hoping we'll be too powerful for them to take head on."
"You've been hacking into the Din's communication?"
TG shrugged off my concern, "It's what Yiannis and Evie originally designed me for before they repurposed me."
"So," a now very awake Mishka drew me back into his strong arms, "Shall we go spend some of this ill gotten gain on hiring us an ROV and a crew?" Not waiting for my reply he smiled at TG, "You're a woman after my own heart TG, well done."
TG blushed.

25

Deep Water Archaeological Services was a mid sized operation operating out of the Aegean. Big enough to have all the equipment and experts we needed but small enough that they hadn't been infiltrated by our enemy. Both Andrew and TG had separately run background checks on them.
"Our ROVs are state of the art," their CEO James Skandy assured me as we walked the private wharf where many of their vessels were docked. "Highly maneuverable. Easily controlled by a crew based on a ship or a platform. We're often called out to oil rigs to effect repairs as our ROV's robotic arms are able to handle both delicate and heavy work."
"And you won't mind a film crew following everything? They'll get in the way. Poking their noses into places you may not want them." I pointed out. I wanted everything to be clear and upfront.
"Are you kidding me? The exposure will be worth hundreds of thousands of advertising dollars to us, something we could never justify. We try to be competitive and that means keeping our profit margins down. You're not pulling my leg are you Ms Sullivan. An ancient spaceship?"
"I have it on the authority of the president of Karpathia. Would you like me to contact his office and get him to verify it for you."
James baulked, "No, please don't go to that trouble."
"It's no trouble," I sent a quick text to the Colonel.
Skandy's phone rang straight away, "James Skandy, Deep Water. Er, Yes Sir. I'm honored. Yes I'll give them every assistance." He stared at the phone a moment then put it back in his pocket. "Seems you're legit. Don't get me wrong. I'm quite happy to take your money. I just don't want to have my company looking like fools." 
"I understand Mr Skandy."
"James, please."
"Okay, James. Before I tell you more I'm going to need you to sign some forms. We're keeping this operation in the public eye but some of the people who may be here assisting us behind the scenes may raise eyebrows." I just avoided saying they were alien in origin. I was thinking in particular of one green skinned Arcturian the Boswell television station had told me would be working with us. "If you have any employees who don't like people of different backgrounds it would be good if you could let me know now."
James shook his head, "I think you'll find we're a pretty open minded bunch. I try not to employ extremists from either side of politics."
Which is what TG's background checks had shown but I'd still had to ask. I paused mid step as a thread of concern from TG touched my mind. What is it TG?
I've just picked up some disturbing chatter on the dark web. They've worked out it was a single entity who recently hit the markets. They're curious. I don't know what that means.
It means we need to be alert, I'd been afraid of this. No matter how careful TG had been the Din were too astute not to have noticed an uncannily successful series of bets and bids on the stock market. "James, I don't want to scare you but there are some unsavory elements who might interfere with this operation.
James shrugged his shoulders in a been there done that move, "Always is. Pirates, black market racketeers, mafia, even governments vying with each other to claim what might give their respective countries more prestige. I've seen it all. All my team are trained in basic street fighting techniques and I have a security firm I can call in if I have cause to worry. Do I have cause to worry Ms Sullivan?" his brow furrowed into deep grooves.
"I may be being paranoid but let's go for caution though I have a security firm I can call in if you are agreeable, J. D. Security."
James relaxed a little, "I've heard of them. They have a good reputation. How soon would you like to bring them in?"
"As soon as possible. Given the murmurs of interest from those we worry about and the fact that the long range forecasts predict unusually bleak snow, hail and storm conditions due to a shift in global wind patterns, I think we'd best make a start now."
James held out his hand, indicating his headquarters, "Then let's go brief the team."
"I'll meet you there. I'll just go collect my partner who's waiting in the car."
James raised a brow, wondering, "Is he shy or just letting you take the project lead."
"Oh Mishka's not shy, let's just say he's one of the diverse people I mentioned. We were being cautious. We didn't want to scare you off."
James rolled his eyes, "Not when there's this much money's involved. I don't care if he's a one eyed hermaphrodite or the abominable snowman. As long as he's polite we'll get on."
I pursed my lips, "Mm, mostly polite."

Despite the President of Karpathia's personal okay, along with submissions of historical accounts of the vehicles crash landing and cartographic proof that it was in Karpathia's territory it still took precious days before we could get the necessary UNESCO clearance to begin our preliminary investigation. Apparently anything more than a hundred years old was protected under the  UNESCO Convention on the Protection of the Underwater Cultural Heritage. In the end Boswell's world renowned international lawyer, Lewis James Sutterfield the Third if you please, convinced them the craft was not covered under the convention due to it being, we hoped, still in working order. His reasoning was it wasn't a shipwreck, it was just parked there. Even so we'd had to concede to following the standard procedures that applied to any maritime archeological site. We'd been assigned an archeologist I neither liked nor trusted. We could have challenged his appointment to the project, an appointment we were paying for I might add, but it would have only further delayed us. With the weather increasingly unpredictable we needed to take our chances during the next forecast break in the snow and wild winds. 
"You sure you don't want to wait to do this until next Summer?" Skandy asked. 
Was I jeopardizing people through my impatience to have a spacecraft to play with? I'd asked Ma's son Simon, Boswell's seer. He'd encouraged me to proceed. Events were unfolding he said, timing was critical. The man could be annoyingly vague like that but I was starting to see what my dad saw in the seer. His genuine concern for the planet and the life living on it over-rode any lingering doubts I had about listening to a fortune teller. As Simon would say, he wasn't a fortune teller, he just saw probabilities. Was that any different to what the Lemurian computer had helped me see? "No, we proceed. We'll assess the risks on a daily basis. If it gets too rough out there we'll hold off but otherwise let's stick with the plan."
"Very well. Let's go and launch the ROV and see what we will see."

Mishka stood beside me on the deck as we looked out over the sea. He hid it well but I felt the depth of his emotion, "Water," he said, "l never thought to see its likes again."
I looked out, with his perspective, and stared at the wonder of it all. It was indeed a miracle.
Mishka eyed the official archeologist with disdain, "Is he really necessary?"
"I don't like Mr Black either but if we're keeping this operation legit and out in the open then we just have to put up with him. If we'd tried to do this on the sly the Din would have been bound to make trouble for us. Keeping it legit and high profile, in the media eye, lessens the chance of them coming anywhere near us. If there's one thing the Din don't like it's bad press."
"Ma'am", The ROV's pilot Chesten Jago, called me over. She was a native of Cornwall, the proud owner of a beautifully rich West country accent and a full head of strawberry blonde hair she'd pulled back into a ponytail. The likeable woman reminded me a little of TG with her cheeky demeanor and her faultless expertise. She had a Phd in Maritime Archeology from the University of Exeter but she didn't rub your face in it, not like Mr Black. The first day he'd turned up he'd tried his best to ingratiate, impress and flirt with me until Mishka had made a timely appearance and put a possessive arm around me. They'd had a moment's staring match then Mr Black had backed off.
"It's Gratia, please. Or if you really like me you can call me Graz."
Chesten beamed in pleasure, "Graz then. Take a look at this." She pointed to a dark shape on the monitor.
"What am I looking at?" I asked.
"That's what I'm wondering. A spectrometer reading we just took of a sample came back as an unknown metal. Nothing that occurs on Earth anyway."
"Ooh," I felt my excitement rising. I tried to tamp it down and not get any false hopes up but my gut said 'Yes'. "Can we get in there with the any suction and clean away some of the debris."
"My thoughts exactly. I'm just moving the nozzle into position." She moved a joystick on the console with a fine precision that came from hours of practise.
"Look there. It's shiny," Chesten noted in awe.
"That's remarkable. No rust."
"Whatever its made of, an alloy I'm guessing, has the same tarnish resistant properties as gold. Even with the lack of oxygen at that depth we should be seeing some corrosion." Chesten commented with stunned surprise.

Everyone was very excited now.
Tess and Tevas arrived on site. The work on the transporter at Boswell having finished. Like me, all their attention was now focused on what might be on the bottom of the Black Sea. They wanted to discuss the ramifications of the metal samples with some the local nerds.
Meanwhile Mishka and I wanted some down time, to celebrate the encouraging find. And to enjoy each other. We were walking back to our hire car.  We hadn't wanted to freak the locals by suddenly disappearing into thin air so I had been enjoying introducing Mishka to the pleasures of motoring  through the villages and hillsides nearby. The red porsche was cliché to be sure but I'd always fantasized about driving one. It riled Mishka that he wasn't allowed to drive it but I was the one with the international license.
As we walked towards the car a sudden chill crawled down my spine. Something glinted off the rooftop of Deep Water's headquarters. Gut instinct took over.
I threw myself in front of Mishka. My world blurred as the bullet hit the side of my head. I could hear people screaming. Tess at my side crying. Mishka holding me in his arms, ordering me not to die. A white light beckoned and a woman appeared, beckoning me into her presence. "Hello, Who are you? Am I dead?"
"Not yet. I'm here to offer you a choice. Your recent life turn around and your act of selfless bravery just now has healed your connection to your soul and that of your soul group. Our soul group is now free to evolve further. You took on so much to go to earth and heal us. We are immensely grateful you succeeded despite the odds. You gave us a moment's scare when you hurt Callan and your marriage fell apart but you turned it all around, as we and as you hoped."
"So I'm done. Is that what you're saying?"
"Do you want to be? Do you want to come home to your soul group?"
Did I? Hell no. I valued life now. Actively enjoyed it. Shouldn't I be immortal or something? "I'm not ready. There's too much I want to do." And too many people I wanted to love. "You know, I feel cheated. I was told I was now immortal."
"Your cells do indeed have a remarkable power to regenerate themselves but a bullet just passed through part of your brain, taking a chunk with it."
"Damn, does that mean if I go back I'll be a drooling imbecile?"
"The potential is there but I don't think those who love you will let that happen. Look at them Gratia. Know that you are much loved. Are you willing to accept that love? Can you love yourself?"
It was sobering to see so much care in the faces of Tess, TG, Mishka, Tevas, the crew of the project. My father had just teleported in. People I'd come to know from Boswell, Melissa, Simon, Sally and Kit. I not only saw their love. I could actually feel it. Tears streamed down my eyes. "Their love astounds me, humbles me. It makes me want to love them back even more."
"That is good."
"But I don't want them wasting their lives on me if I'm as good as dead. I want their lives to be full of love and gratitude for each other. I want them to embrace all they can be. I don't want their self sacrifice."
"That's not a choice you have a right to make for them. But you can be healed if you are willing to trust TG. She has an interesting idea. Ask her."
"She can hear me?"
"I think I can amplify the connection for you both."
"Who are you?" I asked again
A look of regret passed over the woman's face. "I'm sorry I wasn't there for you Alys. It was necessary that your father raised you."
"Mum?"
Tears in her eyes now, she held her arms open wide, "Will you forgive me?"
"Shit mum, of course, always." I walked into her embrace and hugged her back. "Will I see you again?"
"Your body is as good as immortal. Once TG heals you you will not die. Eventually you will ascend to explore and learn in the higher dimensions but that time is a way off yet. I could come to you as a daughter if you wish. Since your work has healed our soul group I would be freed up to enjoy a fuller, more rewarding life. Visiting alien worlds. Yes I could see that."
I gulped, not that I didn't want her to be reborn but how did I tell my own mother I wasn't the motherly type?
Mum gave me an affectionate pat, not in the least offended. "Maybe Tess of Leesya then. Now go. TG needs your permission."
TG, I directed my thoughts to my favorite AI.
TG looked up, as if sensing me, hovering over my body. Gratia?
Do it, TG. I don't know what it is you want to do but I trust you. Do it. Tell the others to let you, I hoped they'd listen to her.
Simon was at my head and Sally had a hand over my heart. They were sustaining me with their life force, or at least a life force channeled through them from the very centre of the universe. Simon nodded knowingly. "She's ready for you TG. Mishka, if you would offer up a few drops of your blood I think that would help."
"Of course," Mishka knelt beside me, opposite Sally. He bit into his wrist and let the blood drip into my mouth.
"What are you doing?" Tess sounded alarm.
Tess, I sent her as much reassurance as I could muster and directed it at her. Mum is with me. I'm fine. Let TG try.
Tess gasped in shock, message received. "Your late wife is with her," she relayed to Geoffrey who was anxiously pacing, looking decidedly helpless. "She wants TG to try."
"To do what?" Dad sounded as troubled as Tess.
Leesya held her hand out, offering reassurance. "There's no time Geoff. They must act. It's not something we can help with. We need to trust them."
I didn't know the woman well yet but she just went up in my estimation. Pointing out the hard facts while offering reassurance was the way to go. Geoffrey's shoulders sagged then he drew Leesya to him for comfort. "You're right."
Now there were some rare words from my father.
Fortunately TG wasn't waiting on the drama around her to resolve itself. I could already feel her in my brain. Thankfully, from where I was, in mum's embrace, I felt no pain. But I was curious. What you doing TG?
Looking at the structures in your brain. This is amazing. I always understood the human consciousness to be housed in the brain but that isn't the case. It's a really sophisticated transceiver.
Transceiver?
Yeah, you know like radio signals and that sort of thing. It transmits as well as receives.
Interesting. And?
And I think I can replicate your missing brain cells, based on the structures on the uninjured side. My data tells me that some things differ from one side to the other. Speech for instance is in the area the bullet went through.
Oh, just great. Doomed to being only telepathic for the rest of my life.
No I don't think so, TG answered me confidently as I felt her seal ruptured blood vessels and then lay down a fine mesh like infrastructure to support the cells she was creating.
How are you doing this? I wondered.
Electrically. I'm using our connection through your tattoo to gain access to your internals. I didn't know I could do that. But when I felt you get shot I realized I was able to not only monitor your vitals but even more than that. This gives me hope Gratia.
What do you mean?
Well, I know that it's selfish to be even thinking about this while I'm healing you but I can see the potential. I could not only work with Naira to build me a body but I think I can see a way to use a brain's transceiver mechanism to infuse my consciousness into it. I've been chatting with that green skinned Arcturian floor manager who works with the television crew. He thinks it makes sense and may be the way he was able to enter the body that was bioprinted for him. Now shush up with your questions Gratia. I just need to? 
I didn't hear her finish her sentence. I was being pulled from mum's embrace, sucked back out of the tunnel of light and slamming back into my body. The world went black.

When I woke I was dimly aware of someone in the room with me. My vision was there but not working well. I tried a question but nothing came out. I tried telepathy, Who's there?
"Tevas. I'm here. How do you feel?" He surprised me with his mastery of English, when had that happened?"
I scanned my body. Apart from the sight and the voice I didn't feel bad. I wiggled my toes, check, fingers, check. I lifted my arms, check. Mostly seems okay. Where is everyone? Where am I?
"It's 11pm at night. You're in a back office at Deepwater which we repurposed as a hospital room. Doc and Sally have been taking shifts to watch over you. And TG, but she doesn't need to sleep. Miska and I have been taking turns feeding you our blood to accelerate your recovery. Tess and your dad are never far away."
A makeshift room, people taking shifts. How long have I been here?
"About three weeks. We've made lots of progress with the project. But that's not important."
I sat up, excited, Yes it is.
TG's hologram appeared in my blurry vision. "Try to speak Gratia. It's important that you don't rely on telepathy only. You need to rewire how your brain works. It's all there but it needs to learn what it can do. Try coughing."
It seemed a silly simple request, I tried. At first it was just a catch in my throat. I tried again and managed more a grating sound than a cough but it was a start.
"Excellent." TG seemed pleased. "I need you to try that regularly, say every half hour that you're awake. Now," she held up a finger in front of my face. "Try to focus in on this. Concentrate."
It was tough. It was like my right eye didn't know what to do.
TG muttered something to herself then held up two fingers, one vertically, one horizontal. "Try to slightly cross your eyes so that you can see my fingers forming a cross. Then relax."
Okay, that I could do. I can practice that. I gather half hourly too.
"Yes, little and often. Just pushing yourself a little further each time. Then we'll start on getting you focusing at different distances."
So what's the prognosis? I was glad to be alive, sure, but life without being able to read wasn't worth thinking about.
"The prognosis is very good. Naira visited last week and she ran some tests on what I'd done. She says I successfully recreated your brain structures. The bullet damaged the left hemisphere of your brain. It grazed the Broca area and took out part of the occipital lobe."
That much damage? It had me wondering about the rest. I put a hand to my face. Everything felt normal. Tevas retrieved a mirror for me. "You look marvelous. Sally did that. Simon kept you tethered you to your body while she restored your face and TG did her feat of engineering. Doc's been looking after the medical monitoring of your vitals since."
I'm hungry. 
Tevas went as if to bite his wrist.
Not that kind of food, I stopped him in time. Something solid. And a drink.
Tevas didn't seem offended by my refusal.
TG smiled, "This is a good sign. I've just telepathed Tess to bring you something. She'll be sorry she missed you waking up, as will Mishka." 
The mention of Mishka had me suddenly wondering, If you and Mishka have been feeding me your blood. Who's been feeding you? Tess must be anaemic by now.
Tevas, frowned, worried. Chesten offered herself up as a temporary blood donor. Tess said you liked her and wouldn't mind. We've tried to keep things platonic but you know how our bite is.
Stop fretting Tevas. I'm not jealous. I think that's great. I owe her a great debt then.
"I think she'll feel more than compensated if we find her a vampire, as she calls us, of her own."
Tess appeared with a tray of goodies. She place them on my lap, even as tears rimmed her eyes. "I'm so glad to see you awake Graz, you have no idea."
I coughed, damn, I wanted speech. Patience. I'd be the same if you were in my shoes.
"I know you would."
Time to change the topic subject before we both became a blubbering mess, Tell me where things are at. With your engine upgrade back in Boswell and with the project here.
Tess brightened, being able do something, I guessed. I couldn't imagine how helpless she must have felt with me lying here, out to it. "Well'', let me see ?"

As late as it had been there had been a steady stream of well wishers wanting to see me. It was more than I could do to concentrate on them all and the tales they had to tell. 
Dad told me the sniper had thought he'd killed the golden goose, thinking I'd been someone they could use to better their own gambling odds. As he thought he'd left me brain dead there was little hope of that, or so he thought. Rather than go back to the Din the sniper had done a runner. Yes he'd been allowed to go. It suited the alliance for the Din to think I was out of the picture.
Chesten brought along her laptop with the latest photos of the ship, which was looking more like a spaceship than the wreck we'd feared. With Tess translating my thoughts I thanked her for helping out with Mishka and Tevas, making it clear I wasn't jealous. Hell, I wanted them alive and well. Chesten had blushed. 
Tell her Tess, tell her to come with us, when we launch. To come to Mars with us.
Chesten's eyes had twinkled with interest but her words were more cautious "I'll see."
Doc had come and explained my injuries and what TG and Sally had done but I must have nodded off. I'd have to apologize to him later.
I woke with a start, realizing there was a spreader bar between my ankles and someone was above me, holding my wrists. My pulse sped up as I opened my eyes, "Mee-shuk-kar!" The return of my speech, as halting as it was pleasing but not high on my thoughts. The seven foot pale alien holding me down was.
"What is you safe word Gratia?"
"Rrr...ed"
Miska beamed at me, "Good, because I don't want you saying it. Call me selfish but I desperately need you. To reassure myself of your aliveness, to celebrate you still being in this universe. And, most of all, I need to punish you?"
"Er?" Was all that came out. What had I done?
"You risked your life to save mine. Something I thank you for and something I'm furious at you for. Don't you ever jump in front of bullet for me again. Do you hear."
I couldn't free my hand from his fierce grasp to touch and stroke his face with all the affection I felt. You would have disintegrated into dust if that bullet had pierced your heart. I'm not dust. I survived, I tried to point out the logic of what I had done. Although in truth it had been a split second impulse. An urge to protect that had been primal.
"Three weeks I've been sitting by your bed, waiting for you to open your eyes. The one time I wasn't here was the time you chose to awake."
You're blaming me for that? I wondered.
"Not you, me. I should have been here. I had a purely selfish need to prove to you that you never need sacrifice yourself again. I went to see the Boswell engineering team about developing a lightweight protective singlet for Tevas and me."
But bullets are ballistic, I pointed out. There's nothing short of Kevlar that would have that kind of stopping power. That's a minimum of 6 pounds to carry around. Twenty pounds to be truly effective.
"They're working on it. Now, to your punishment."
"P-nish-mnt?" I croaked.
Mishka gave me an evil smirk. "Stay put. I have some toys."
I left my hands where he'd placed them while he retrieved his toy bag. As he took out a large inflatable dildo, bright red furry handcuffs, rope and a thankfully small butt plug it occurred to me that Mishka had acquired some knowledge of kink while I'd been in coma. You've been learning?
"Owen heard about what happened to you and came to visit you. I threw him up against a wall and told him I wouldn't kill him as long as he taught me what he knew. Not that the man was easy to intimidate. Seemed to think you weren't mine when he had his wicked way with you. That's when I explained to him about quantum non-locality and how space-time doesn't really exist, it's only a mental construct. Therefore you always were and always will be mine. He conceded that though I'm not sure he had a clue what I was talking about. Anyway he spent a couple of weeks here teaching me."
I would be sure to thank Owen. Quantum non-locality-eh? You know it turns me on when you talk science. Though if you're taking ownership of me throughout the time continuum you do realize that includes the hormone and insecurity riddled Alys as well as the goddess I might one day ascend to.
Mishka made a dismissive gesture as he pulled a portable drill, a screw and a sturdy ring from his bag of bits. "Bitch or goddess, they are nothing but clothing you wrap yourself in. You could be an arrogant, delphine hater of two-legged beings or a sentient eight legged octopus from the outer reaches of the galaxy. It wouldn't matter. I would still recognise you as mine."
Yours and Teva's and Tess's and TG's, I pointed out.
"And probably also Callan's to some extent. It's alright. I realize ownership is the wrong word for our relationship."
He had me wondering though, If I'm not a bitch or a goddess what exactly am I?
Mishka paused momentarily in screwing the hook to the bedhead. "Infinity I suppose. But more uniquely a quality of light. Light that takes form as matter, in whatever you want to clothe yourself at the time. But the you that is truly you. That I would always recognise in my heart," he tapped the center of his chest meaningfully.
I was stunned. This was a depth to Mishka I hadn't seen before. Had my near death done this?
He seemed to realize it, "But I am being out of character." He picked up the furry handcuffs and slipped them around my wrists. He raised my arms above my head and attached the cuffs to the link on the head board. "Comfortable?"
"Yer...es"
"Excellent," He proceeded to don a plastic disposable glove and applied a generous amount of lubricant to the index finger. "I think you'll like this lube. It's purely organic, aloe vera and a few other ingredients. But I must warn you the sensation may be cold at first. Lift your bum for me."
I knew what he was up to. I saw it in his mind. I'm not sure this is one of those things that does it for me.
"Let's put it in the try at least once category. But it would open up the options Tevas and I have to enjoy you."
I could see his point but I wasn't sure. I guessed I was about to find out as he slid his well lubed finger into my ass while intently watching my expression. 
"No pain?" he asked.
"Nuh?" You know there is not.
"I had to be sure," having well lubricated me he eased his finger back out. "Up for trying a butt plug, purely training size," he coaxed.
Oh well, I may as well try, "Ok...ay."
"Brave girl," he praised me.
"Nn...ot girl." I bitched.
"I think you are. You are my very pretty girl. And I don't mean that in anyway demeaning. So suck it up. If you ever play the dominant to me you can call me boy, how about that."
You will always be way more than a boy. You would let me dominate you?
"Only for sex. If it was fun. Owen says you're a switch. I think I might be one too. Could work quite well for us. Ah, I know that smile. You are thinking evil thoughts. This is good. That look makes me hot."
You have a thousand and one fantasies going through my head.
"Then I need to get you to stop thinking." He inserted the small plug. "How's this?"
He was right. Though my thoughts hadn't stopped altogether they had centred on my ass and the odd sensation there. It's okay.
"Only okay? Well then. I will have to see what else I have here."
Not the inflatable dildo. Uh oh. Yes he was picking up the inflatable dildo and messily squirting lube all over then taking his time rubbing the lubricant over its entire surface, all the time watching me out of the corner of his eyes. I squirmed. Not wanting yet wanting.
Mishka paused, "Tell me again, what is your safe word?"
"Rrr, red."
"Excellent. And you spoke a whole word that time. You will say it if you need. Don't suffer on account of my pleasure. Arch your hips a little szerelmem."
His pleasure? What was he getting out of this. Szerelmem means my love?
"It does for that is what you are to me. My girl and my love. My infinity. My precious light. And I get much from bringing you pleasure. It would be my greatest honor to undo you. To take away your layers and reveal the beauty of your naked core."
He wasn't half taking on much, you can try.
"Thank you, I will take that permission and use it well." He inserted the half inflated dildo into me waiting cunt then pumped it up until it was tastefully firm.
I sucked my breath in, waiting for whatever he would do next. I didn't have to wait long. A remote control appeared from his bottomless bag of goodies. "Er?"
Mishka smirked, "Now, now, you didn't think I would just stick dildos in you did you? Where would the fun be in that?"
"Um ? yesss. I had th...ort."
He chuckled as he turned the remote on. 
The intensity a little more than I had expected. I pulled on my handcuffs to no avail. I squirmed, not from pain but from a building desperate need to give myself relief. "Plee...z"
Laughing he ignored my pleas. Positioning himself on the bed he proceeded to lick me, all over. I tried to buck him off, desperate to get my needs met."
"Uh uh," he waved a finger at me, "I'm in control at the moment. You can fight me or give in, it doesn't really matter because I've got my mind set on doing this. You have your safe word."
I huffed, not truly annoyed but exasperated. His long raspy tongue licked up the insides of my legs, tantalising close but not close enough. He hauled himself up my body, holding himself aloft with his strong muscular arms then lowered his head to partake of my nipples. His tongue teased his way around each, sucking on each as if they could truly give him nourishment. Did he intend to bite me there? That thought of pain sent me over an edge I'd been balancing on. Without a single touch to my clitoris I rode a wave into a tsunami of an orgasm. But he didn't stop, acting as if nothing had happened. Except that he paused to give an extra pump of inflation to the dildo. He eyed me assessingly then he continued to lap my body, finding erogenous zones I didn't know I had.
I realised then that this was no simple matter of bringing me to orgasm then untying me. No he really did mean to undo me. Shit. I was both excited and scared.
"I would see the nakedness of your soul", he murmured as his lips tenderly licked the outline of mine.
His gentleness and determined attention to my body was a mind bending contrast to the assault his toys were making on my cunt. I felt another orgasm build, inexorably. Like an oncoming train and I was on the tracks. I bucked and reared. Unsure whether I was wanting to bring it on or fight it off for fear it would consume me. Mishka shuffled back down my body then leant forward and surprised me by lightly biting my clitoris. I screamed. I expected the scream could be heard from several countries away. Not just a wave of force but a boiling inferno flowed through me this time. But still he did not turn the dildos off. 
I could see him studying me wondering if I would call quits. I stared into his eyes unblinkingly, holding his gaze.
Mishka snicked, "Is that so? Well then."
That he removed the inflatable dildo kind of disappointed me. Was he giving up. But no. He left the butt plug in. Then I realised his game as his cock inserted itself into my very wet vagina. I was highly sensitive now. His cock huge. The plug in my ass making everything impossibly tight. And then he moved. Slowly at first. Finding his rhythm. The whole time we held each other's gaze. As was Mishka's way his speed picked up as he began hammering into me with almost piston like precision. Unbelievable another orgasm began to build. Shit.
Mishka laughed with glee, sensing my trepedation and my anticipation. "Wait for me szerelmem."
Oh yeah, go and make this harder on me than it already is, I whined at him. But I took the challenge. And he knew it.
Time blurred, a moment or a lifetime. His stamina never ceased to amaze me any more than my ability to take what he gave. I stared into those violet eyes and knew I'd found heaven, in the body of a man made of flesh and bone, yet divine. And I was his goddess.
"A moment more," he coaxed.
I was trying to hold off the inevitable, starting to wonder if I could. My vision beginning to blur around the edges. "Need?"
"Yes szerelmem, now," he commanded.
A roaring sound shook my ears as the release came, my very skin crying out to merge with his. Light to light. We merged as one. New connections in my brain buzzed with life. A vista of understanding opened before me where there had been none before. I saw, not with my eyes of flesh, but something else. A sea of interconnected energy of which I was both part and whole, as was Mishka. Tess, Tevas and even TG. I reached out to them and they stared out in wonder, maybe seeing what I saw. All things, animate and inanimate, vibrating. Some like the Din at slower rates while the meta beings vibrated at rates I could barely perceive. Yet all interconnected, across not just space but time as well. A version of me that had been Neanderthal connected with a iron age copper miner in Cornwall, connected with an infinite array of past and future me. Indeed, as Mishka had suggested, including other sentient life forms throughout the cosmos. Everyone of us affecting each other, right now. My mind shifted as it encompassed all that was and could be. Then I collapsed back onto the bed, vaguely aware of Mishka releasing the restraints before collapsing beside me. I woke sometime later to Tess and Tevas cuddling us. Smiling at the idea of being part of such a warm mass of bodies who loved me I drifted happily back off to sleep. When I fully woke I realized I was fully healed. "I think you undid me Mishka."
"I think we undid each other. I feel different."
Me too.

I didn't realize how different until I sat down to breakfast and realized the salt shaker was across the table. Yes I know I should go easy on the stuff but it was Himalayan. Pink had to make it better didn't it? I groaned to myself as I realized my logic was shot full of holes. Truth was I wanted the taste, and it came to me, literally. The salt shaker rose from the table and landed in my hand. 
Tess's jaw dropped, "Well that's new. Can you will anything else to come to you?" she asked, curious as ever.
But it didn't seem to work that way. No force of mental will worked. But I had a thought. I opened to my heart center and asked it what it wanted. Then I spied the blueberries on the next table. The whole punnet rose in the air, to the consternation of the table's occupant. "Hey, they're mine."
Oops, I released my intent and the punnet dropped back to the table, blueberries going everywhere. I pursed my lips in guilt. "I'm so sorry Chesten."
Chesten rolled her eyes, "If you're truly sorry make them rise and fall back into the punnet and then bring me a fresh punnet from the fridge in the kitchen."
"Challenge accepted," I opened my heart, with the intent that I wanted to please Chesten by doing this. The intent worked. Blueberries rose from the floor and table cloth, falling back into the punnet then the punnet went and hovered over the trash can before falling with dignity this time. I couldn't see into the kitchen, not physically, yet in my mind's eye it was clear. I saw the fridge, opened it to the astonished shock of the cook who crossed himself. I could see which shelf the blueberries were on. I brought a punnet through the air, then carefully lowered it onto Chesten's table. "How's that?"
"Pretty neat," Chesten grinned. "Want to share?"
"Yes please. Thanks." A small handful of berries rose in the air, coming directly to me, then landing neatly in my rice porridge.
I wondered if any of my mates had acquired new skills or was it just me? After I'd had the Jnarn's retrovirus I'd found ideas falling into my head, as I needed them and thought that was it as far as any add on side effects went.
"Biological photons," TG's apparition appeared, "I can see how energy works through each of you. I thought your nervous systems were electrical but actually, at a more fundamental level, they are networks of light."
Interesting, "Tess?"
"If I relax my eyes I can see forces, the tension, compression and torque in the things around me. Stress points where things might fail. It's fascinating."
"And useful for what you do. What about you Tevas?"
Tevas shrugged, "Nothing too out of the ordinary, just my mind seems to be flooded with how to improve the things around me. I see inventions at every turn. It's a bit distracting but I think I'll learn to filter it. I hope."
I looked at Mishka and he gave me an enigmatic smile. "Love."
"Love?"
He closed his eyes for a moment and then I felt it like a flood, filling my heart. "Oh my ? How did you just do that?"
We all wanted to know. All of those we were linked to had felt it and wondered at the miracle. Their curiosity filled my mind.
Mishka looked serious, as if he was turning inward for the answer. "I don't know. I notice it and then I think of where I want it to go. It does the rest."

26

In the control center I viewed the monitors, showing the feed from the submersible, from different angles. There were a number of cameras mounted on the vehicle and they were all showing astonishing pictures. The progress they had made at vacuuming away the mud delighted me. "Look at that," I pointed to the screen, "Is that an access."
"Could be?" Chesten agreed, "But I'm hesitant to open it and flood what's inside. Flooding the interior will only make it more difficult to raise, if indeed we can."
"Then raise it," even a mathematician could go with simple logic. "What do you need? A crane? A towing cable?"
Chesten shook her head, "Wouldn't work. It's too far down. Too much danger we'll break a cable, the vessel will bust in half or she just won't move. There's too much suction in the mud holding her firm. What we need is to get some inflatable devices underneath it to break the suction."
"Large inflatable dildos," I laughed.
Chesten laughed too, "Er, my mind is boggling but that's not such a bad idea. We need to drill into the rock and mud under her then insert some inflatable device that can withstand the pressures down there. Or a way to pump enough air under the ship to break the suction."
I looked at Chesten, mirth in my eyes. Was she serious. Damn she was serious. "We should still attach marine salvage airbags around its exterior and attach chains to stabilise its ascent. We don't want a sudden pop up. We'll raise her nice and slow."
Chesten agreed. "We'll have the chain anchored and on a slow release mechanism we can control remotely."
"Let me see," Mr Black pushed his way in, studied the screens a moment, took some photos with the camera on his phone then walked away to the far corner of the room and made a few calls
"Do you think he's really a spy? Maybe he wants the technology on that vessel", Chesten whispered.
"He's something," I whispered back. "Certainly more than an archeologist. Might pay to at the very least keep some pepper spray in your pocket, if that's legal to do around here. I doubt he'll try anything serious, not with the film crew here but you never know."
"I'll let James know our concern and ask his advice. He'll know who to ask about what self defense is legal."
"Do that. I'll contact a couple of people and I'll see if TG or her creators can hack anything about him."
Will do, TG promptly responded in my head.

It was going to take more than a few days to get everything in place. I wondered how the Earth's oceans were going. I'd been in coma for three weeks. We must have been getting close to crunch time. I rang Asha, "Asha, any news?"
"Gratia? Is that really you. I heard you met with a nasty accident."
""Yeah, someone took a shot at me, blew away part my brain. Only the true genius of TG and Boswell's healers got me here. I still don't understand the full extent of what TG's done. But she seems to be evolving too. She sees light running through our nerves. How cool is that?"
"Discrete packets of light as a medium for communicating information. It has been theorised. I look forward to talking to her again."
Now for the million dollar question, "So we're going to have a future in which we can do that?"
Asha's face blossomed into one of sheer joy, "Oh yes, definitely. The PM has worked miracles. The hard part is going to be keeping the momentum going. There's a danger the world governments will see the crisis is over and lose interest."
"But you won't let them," I trusted in Asha's passion and principles.
"Damn right I won't. And tell TG her fundraising has certainly helped with buying up vacant land on some key river deltas. Unfortunately the big forestry, industrial and agricultural concerns aren't so keen to sell up. We're going to have to lean on governments to enact legislation to move them elsewhere and as they'll want compensation that's going to get even more expensive." 
I didn't like to put me and TG at risk again but if Asha needed more funds, "Let me know if you need a bit more fundraising done." No we weren't telling Asha it was proceeds from gambling that we were ripping off the Din. Somehow I didn't think Asha's ethics swung that way.
My next call was to my dad's boss, "Andrew."
"Gratia," Yes he had caller ID. "It's good to hear your voice. How are you?"
"Amazingly good considering. Look, I don't know if you've been briefed about our resident archeologist who's oversighting our project."
There was a silent pause then, "Mr Black, yes that name alone raised some alarm bells. It's not uncommon for operatives to use colors for their surnames. He giving you grief?"
"Not really, just abrasive. He's got a few of us on edge."
"Then I'd tell you to trust your intuition," concern etched his voice. "Our preliminary checks suggest he's American. Simon thinks he won't be a problem you can't handle."
So he could be a problem, "That's not reassuring."
"I'll dig deeper, although I have to admit I've been reticent to do that until now. It's likely that whoever it is will know if we hit their information sites. It could alert them that we're on to them."
You getting this TG? I asked through my link.
I'll be careful. Evie and Yiannis programmed me for such stealth hacking. I look forward to the challenge.
"Don't worry for now Andrew," I didn't want to alarm the man further by telling him I already had my prize hacker on the job. "I'll let you know if anything develops." Plus I wasn't sure he didn't know who the man was and thought it was something I didn't need to know. He was in the business of secrecy afterall.
"Do. Take care Gratia."
My next call was telepathic. Melissa?
Gratia, you've evolved! I sense the change in the timbre of your voice.
I'm exhibiting some telekinesis but that's not what I need your help with. I was wondering if you might visit us briefly, perhaps as someone interested in what we're doing or as a temporary member of the film crew.
You want me to run a careful eye over your team and see if there's anything nasty in their auras. 
I knew she'd be one step ahead of me, Would you mind?
Let me know when's convenient and I'll teleport over.
It'll get pretty busy here this afternoon as we start prepping the vessel for a lift. We'll have a lot of extra equipment coming in. The team will be running in all directions.
And will likely not notice me focusing my eyes on them. Excellent. I'll grab a short nap and then pop over.
Hell, I kept forgetting the time difference. Thanks Melissa.
I felt a presence behind me but didn't need to turn to know who it was, "Tevas."
"There's no sneaking up on you now is there?"
I frowned, "Did you want to?"
"Not really," he came forward. "I just want my cuddle. I need to reassure myself as much as Mishka does, that you're still with us."
I hoped he wasn't jealous that Mishka had caught up with me first, "Tevas?"
He placed a finger gently on my lips, "No I'm not jealous. I want to share you as much as Mishka does. As much as Tess does."
"Um?" I still wasn't sure how far Tess and I wanted to extend our relationship into the realm of the intimate. Though we'd dabled.
"You're conflicted when it comes to Tess. Why is that? She's your best friend."
"I don't know about your culture. Same sex intimacy is a bit of a touchy issue on Earth. Though there's been a lot of progress in recent times it can still land you with as death sentence in some countries. When I was growing up it still wasn't considered as something that was okay. I don't think that way now but old habits die hard. I don't like the labels that could be applied to either me or Tess."
Tevas pulled me into the hug he desired, "Come now. I know you don't care what others think. Let them have their labels, there's no need for their categories to constrain you."
Still I worried about the potential fall out, "But Tess?"
"Tess is irrepressible. Names aren't going to hurt her. I don't think there's really a category, as such, for what you and Tess have. Why don't you just allow it to do its own thing."
Words of wisdom that were hard to argue with, "Okay."
"Just like that? So easy? Where is the difficult woman your father warned me about while you were in coma?"
Sounded like dad still had issues with my prior persona, Alys. "I've changed. I'm not that woman anymore. Dad's still getting used to who I am now. I am too," I added honestly. "I'm kind of making it up as I go. I just keep returning to gratitude as my core and that seems to keep me on track. That and staying aware. I don't try to squash my old bad habits, well maybe with a change of diet, relaxation and some nightly self hypnosis, but I do try to deal with those habits, the ones that do surface, a bit more skillfully. With compassion."
Tevas leaned into my throat, nuzzling, "You are a strong woman Gratia. You're resolve is like steel."
I gasped a little at his hot breath on my neck, "I prefer to see my resolve like a willow tree, able to bend in the bitter winter winds. Steel's too inclined to break under pressure, to buckle or collapse."
His teeth scraped along my jugular, "You will have to show me this tree. May I?" he asked meaning something else entirely, ""Just a taste. It's been so long."
I rolled my eyes though truthfully I desired what he offered, "You've had Tess to munch on."
"Ah, yes, but, how should I put this? Say you had two favourite flavors, perhaps blueberry and strawberry. What if you had to give up one for a while?"
I knew what he was hinting at. I'd be lusting for the taste I'd missed out on. "A small amount."
Which was the only permission he needed, his fangs incising into my flesh. A sharp pain followed by ecstasy. An ecstasy that made us both forget our good intentions. I sagged into his arms as he finished his ample feed.
"Damn it Tevas, she's still recovering." Mishka barged in, well and truly annoyed.
I felt Tevas's guilt flooding my mind and I was having none of it. "It's not entirely his fault Mishka. I was enjoying it too."
"Even so. I will need to give you blood and that will leave me hungry. Wait here. I'll get Chesten."
Teva's tongue lapped the last drops from my neck, "I'm sorry Gratia. You taste too good."
"And you bite too good," I grinned back at him. 
Chesten followed Mishka back into my room, shaking her head, "How am I ever going to wean myself off his bite if you two do this?"
"Why do you need to wean off Mishka?" I wondered the obvious.
Chesten froze. Pondered. "I guess I didn't think you'd want me getting in the way of your relationship with these guys."
"Chesten, I know you enjoy the pleasure of donating and would like a vampire of your own but it could be awhile before we can either get to Mars or bring one to Earth. Feeding these two's going to be a full time job for me and Tess. There may be other times its not advisable for Tess or me to donate." Er this was getting clumsy. How could I say it better?
Fortunately Tess appeared at the door, no doubt having felt my need for blood replacement and my dilemma. "What she's saying Chesten is there's room in this very unusual relationship we've got going with these guys and, let's not forget, TG. Gratia and I are fond of you. That seems a good enough basis for us to get on with you. Let's see where this goes. If jealousies arise or you want out to find your own guy we'll deal with it when the time comes."
I kicked Tevas, catching his thought, "And no that doesn't mean you're acquiring a harem. Sheesh!"
Tevas smirked and shrugged his shoulders, "One could hope."
Mishka chuckled, "I think you have it the wrong way round Tevas. I lay odds it will be the ladies who'll rule this roost."
"No one's ruling anyone or the whole deal's off and you two can find yourself new donors," I was putting my foot down firmly on this one. If we were starting a complex relationship we needed to set some things straight from the start.
Mishka snorted, "So says the voice of authority. Captain."
"Actually I agree with Gratia on this," Chesten commented. "As long as everything is equitable you can count me in. Giving up Mishka's bite would be like giving up chocolate."
Tevas mischievously waggled his eyebrows at her, "And which flavor would you be Chesten?"
Chesten folded her arms across her chest defensively, "Most definitely vanilla. Which is irrelevant as I'm only offering blood and a cuddle, not sex."
I wondered if the guys knew what she meant by vanilla. Tevas might see it as a challenge. I knew Mishka would. Tess and I looked at each other and our eyes said everything our carefully blanked minds didn't. Things were going to be damn interesting, complex and a whole lot of fun.
"As it turns out Chesten. TG and I have a meeting to go to right now so I'm leaving Mishka in your capable hands."
Chesten blushed, which was kind've cute.
Tess gave her a friendly pat. "It's alright Chesten. It's not like you're becoming part of some polygamous partner swapping free for all. There's actually some pretty well defined relationships woven together here."
Chesten cocked her head to the side, looking skeptical, "Explain."
"Well, it's like this. Tess and I are best friends," I started with the obvious.
"Who sleep in the same bed," Chesten pointed out.
Tess shrugged, "What can I say. We like the closeness. Then there's Mishka and Tevas. They'd like to own us but we're not giving any ground on that. They're blood recipients with benefits. We enjoy their bites, all the ecstasy and the optional," she emphasised for all present, "sex that comes with it. Now TG is an evolving quantity but Gratia and I are linked through an interface etched into our respective tattoos. We can communicate with her cyber-telepathically. That mind to mind link makes us feel close to her."
Chesten nodded, "That explains much. And that's the extent of your relationship with each other?"
I coughed to clear my throat, "There is the matter of my ex," The last vestiges of regret washed through me but I allowed them then released them. "He met an accident and was consumed by an alien lifeform that incorporated his consciousness into its own. I seem to still have a bond with him, though he mostly exists as a sentient slime mould these days. Complicated by the fact that he seems to be mated with his best friend Harry and Harry's mate Naira. I still haven't worked out if an artificial intelligence named Seren figures into that mix as well. Either way I've promised to respect their relationship. I think of Callan more as a close friend?"
Chesten's eyes widen in disbelief, "A sentient slime mould?"
Yeah, I could see how that would sound. "I'll introduce you if Asha stops by. A small piece of the slime mould is travelling with her." I noticed a certain cat had teleported into the room. I might be able to teleport reasonably competently now but where we were going apparently you needed high level clearance. "If you'll excuse me, TG and I need to be somewhere." Meta brushed past my leg and we teleported. No doubt causing Chesten even more questions. I hoped, idoly, that someone had explained to her that in having Mishka's blood she had probably caught the retrovirus that had made me immortal, as well as any other benefits she had acquired from Mishka. She was looking paler. 

27

Meta dropped me off inside a huge cavern, then disappeared. I guess TG and I were on our own. Overhead and on the walls were vast murals that looked like stylized depictions of stories. They looked ancient, really ancient. It was difficult to tell if the the immense system of tunnels and shafts were a natural phenomena or constructed, a very long time ago. I say a long time because in places where a little moisture seeped between the cracks of the rock above thick tendrils of stalagmites hung down, sparkling crystals of calcite that had never encountered pollution. Vaguely in the distance I could hear low frequency chanting that seemed to resonate with the walls of the cavern.
TG's hologram materialized beside me, "Wow, this is amazing. Are all caves like this?"
"Not at all. Most are small and filled with steep chasms, running water and narrow places you need to nearly contort yourself to get through. This is some complex, perhaps even a small city." I wondered where the light was coming from.
"Crystals channel the light from the surface," another presence explained.
I turned to the voice and found myself studying an unusual looking man of indeterminate age. A high forehead sloped back giving his skull an elongated appearance. Almond shaped eyes studied me with interest. "Ah, would you be Silwa?"
"That would be me."
I extended a hand, "Pleased to meet you. I'm Gratia and this is TG."
He shook my hand and smiled warmly. It was a reassuring smile. Though the man looked alien I'd kind of seen my share of aliens over the last bit so it wasn't a shock. "You are most welcome to our humble abode. I understand you seek answers. Whether TG could take physical form. I think you have unanswered questions too but we'll get to that. First if I may ask TG, why do you want a physical body?"
TG sighed, "I want to walk on solid ground, to be able to caress the petals of a flower, to feel the wind ruffling my hair or even see myself cast a shadow."
"Understandable but I think you're holding back your real reason."
TG blushed, "Er, I'd kind of like what Gratia and Tess have. Just one man would do but yes, someone to feel with, to share with and indeed to have sex with. Is that too blunt?"
Silwa seemed unfazed. "Sex is indeed a strong desire for many. You've seen it with others and your highly developed mind wonders what you're missing."
I felt her relief as it washed through her, he understood,"Yes, though maybe I'm being greedy. I'm happy to have existence. Gratia and Tess are more friends than masters. My life is good."
I for one was glad to hear that TG felt that way. "Silwa," I interrupted, "Naira thinks it would be possible to bioprint a body for her. Transferring her core is feasible as it is essentially just data. The question that troubles us is whether her learned behaviours and personality are transferable. We have no wish to reset her back to where she was when we first me her. She's learned so much and become so much a part of our lives."
"You wonder if TG has anything akin to a soul?" Silwa asked, lightly stroking his chin as he thought.
"Is that possible?"
"Theoretically all that exists is of one substance, one being that was fragmented, on the physical plane at least, when the current universe came into existence. At higher dimensional levels it is still one being. TG is part of that but whether as an AI she can preserve a soul from one existence to the next. As in from her current form into a manufactured body. Hmm." Momentarily he rolled his eyes back into his head, it was kind of eerie. Then he looked at us again, pleased. "I have another idea."
TG and I looked at him intently, wondering.
"TG's not going to want to be permanently trapped in a physical body."
"I'm not?" TG queried, not in the least sounding like she agreed.
Silwa's eyes sparkled and making a guess I figured he's seen something in the future. "No," he walked around TG's hologram, considering. "You're electrical are you not?"
"My hard-drive rests inside a computer in Gratia and Tess's room back in Boswell. I maintain a link to that system through the interfaces that are tattooed into their skin."
"Ingenious," Silwa mused. "Can you alter the frequency of the hologram?"
TG frowned, "I'm not with you. A hologram is just light. It vibrates at the frequency of light."
"Does it really?" Silwa swung his arm out in an arc and astoundingly it went right through me. I was no hologram like TG.
"Hey," totally disconcerting, "How'd you do that? That's not possible."
Silwa chuckled, amused at my shock, "You're a scientist are you not? You of all people know that the atoms that make up your body are mostly made up a tiny central core and a number of even tinier electrons whose position can only be truly guessed at as a probability."
Yeah I'd always wondered about that. Everything was a just a bunch of nothing with almost homeopathic quantities of true matter in it. I'd never been entirely happy with the standard answer, "The electrons, even though their positions are only known as probabilities, move so rapidly their dance forms an edge."
Silwa arched a brow, "That's one theory."
Okay smarty pants, "What's your theory?"
Silwa laughed, "It's not for me to advance your science. That's against the rules of our order. I can tell you, as it is common knowledge among the more spiritually inclined of your species, that as far as we are concerned matter is merely a projection of the mind."
It was my turn to frown, "As in individual of collective? Are we talking about that one being we spoke of before?"
Silwa didn't answer me entirely, "Let's just say all those apply."
I shook my head in bewilderment, "Where are we going with all this?"
"It's alright Graz, I think I get it."
I turned and gasped. There stood TG in a seemingly very solid form. "How'd you do that?"
"The hologram is essentially a projection of my mind that exists in that computer back in your room. I just wrote a computer program, using your favourite field of fractal geometry to give myself a more solid appearance. That and using your idea of rapidly moving electrons creating a surface barrier gave me an idea for generating a pseudo-skin. Essentially I'm using the same hologram, I've just filled it in a bit and given it more internal communication. I think with a bit of tweaking?" TG reverted to a shimmering hologram then became a blaze of light and disappeared before coming back, "I should be able to alter, not so much the frequency but the complexity of my holographic display."
Silwa clapped his hands in delight. "Well done. That will be perfect for you, given the future I have foreseen."
"Which you're not telling us," I griped.
Silwa didn't look amused, "That would be very foolhardy. You of all people should know that futures are essentially probabilities. Foreknowledge, in this instance, could change the odds. I'm asking TG to trust me."
"I do," TG, readily agreed, apparently more than happy with her stop gap measure.
I couldn't restrain my curiosity. I reached out to touch her. She felt solid. "Can you feel that?"
TG near purred. "That feels nice. I'm mapping the sensations you feel when you touch me and interpreting them as pressure, temperature and so on. I think I can learn what to feel but I'll need a lot of experience to process."
I opened my arms, offering a hug, "Then give me a hug. It's a good safe place to start and it's what friends like us do when we're majorly happy of sad."
TG walked into the hug and let me wrap my arms around her, "I'm majorly happy", she admitted.
"Excellent. Now Gratia, your defensiveness."
I instantly tensed, "I'm not defensive."
"Ooh, I felt that," TG noted, beaming. Gods, she was making a study of me and learning from my errant emotions. Maybe not such a good thing.
"Perhaps if you could give us a few minutes alone TG," Silwa suggested. 
"Oh sure," TG returned to her normal rather than enhanced hologram form before disappearing.
Since TG was no longer here I felt more inclined to admit. "Ok, so I may be still a little defensive."
Silwa arched that brow of his.
"Okay, okay. Maybe more than a bit. But honestly I've been trying."
Silwa's expression softened to one of compassion, "I know you have. Cooling your diet and exercising gratitude are both commendable and I would recommend you continue them both however?"
I interrupted, I knew where he was going with this, "It's not going away is it?"
"I'm sorry Gratia but it's part of the ego-personality you were born and raised into, part of it is ingrained in your genetics."
"I'd hoped the immortality cure would fix that."
Silwa shook his head, "The Boswell cure, if I may call it that, relengthens and maintains your telomeres, those bits in your cells that in most people shorten each time your cells divide. Like a photocopy of a photocopy the decay accelerates until it can no longer produce a functioning copy. Yours, instead undergoes a feedback process that keeps your dna from degrading. It's like referencing a perfect copy before the cell divides divides."
"But it doesn't change my inherited traits," damn. There went my hope.
Silwa motioned me to a rock bench at the side of the cavern, "Cheer up Gratia. Our greatest challenges can always be turned into our greatest strengths."
"How?" I took a seat beside him.
"I believe your naturopath explained element theory to you."
"The idea that I have too much fire, too much heat in the system," it had taken a lot for my logic ridden brain to accept at the time but the alternative had been mainstream medicine which had only offered me a bucket load of antidepressants, hormonal treatments and sedatives, none of which I'd wanted to take long term as they'd all promised side effects. That was not to say that natural therapies were without their own side effects. The caffeine withdrawal had been a particularly nasty time for me, but it had been only temporary. I still adored the smell of the stuff but there was no way I was going to drink the damn stuff again because the memory of how hard it had been to give up was still fresh in my memory."
"Heat rises in the liver from anger and frustration. Cooling your diet only lowered the baseline fire in your body but it will not stop it rising in response to anger. When you are tired, challenged or stressed you will always be more vulnerable to igniting that flame."
"Like a child throwing a tantrum in the supermarket at the end of a long day with mum shopping."
Silwa chuckled, "Exactly."
"So it's alway there in the background, waiting to bring me down."
Silwa shook his head, "You're seeing it as your enemy."
Well yeah, "Hard not to. At any moment I could blow up like some Mexican volcano, destroying all in my path."
"Fire is only destructive in its lower manifestations. Anger, hate."
"Forest fires," I added, sticking to the real world analogies.
"And what climatic condition do you need to make forest fires particularly destructive."
"Lack of water for long periods of time," I guessed
"Which in the body equates to lack of emotion or suppressed emotions. Water is an element you can use to both prevent and put out fires."
"I'm not a particularly emotional person, not until I blow."
"Because you experience life mostly through your head, rather than your belly. Thinking is a thing of air and what does air do to fire."
"Makes it worse. I'm not sure where you're going with this Silwa. Are you telling me to give up using my brain?"
"Not at all," Silwa patiently continued, "but you could benefit from finding your connection to your core, your earth center and to your emotions."
"How?" The scientist in me wanted the what and how.
"Close your eyes for a moment, focus on the muscles in your belly. Ask yourself how do they feel."
"A little tense."
"The just rest in the awareness of that tension, neither holding on to it or pushing it away. How is it now?"
"The tension is lessening."
"And lower still, your connection to the base of your spine. How strong is that sense of connection."
"Weak."
"Then rest your focus on it for a moment. What changes?"
"It's getting stronger."
"Now come up to where you conceive your heart to be. How does that feel?"
"Um, crowded."
"Then imagine opening a door and letting out that crowd. How is it now?"
"Oh, lighter, airier. Like there is a light breeze flowing through me."
"Now let you awareness rest on that space below your diaphragm. How is that?"
"Warm, cozy home."
"Exactly. That is your central sun and it is not your enemy at the moment is it?"
I sighed, realising he was right, "No, it's almost, hmm, joyous I think."
"Excellent. This is its next level of functioning. Because you watered your inner garden, tended your connection with earth and let in space and openness you allowed your inner fire to transform to a higher state. There is another technique that I would like to show you but I don't want to overwhelm you for one day, or bore you."
I opened my eyes to smile at him, "Silwa, I need this. Don't hold back. If there's some way I can learn to live with how I am I want to know."
Silwa nodded, "Okay then. Close your eyes again."
I closed my eyes.
"Use your imagination to visualize yourself as a set of bellows. Imagine drawing air into those bellows, all the way down to the bottom of the bellows as they expand and fill. Do that with the breath a few times."
I followed his instructions and found a slow, gentle, deep rhythm. I don't think I'd ever felt as oxygenated in my life but at least I wasn't hyperventilating.
"As you continue to do that Gratia I want you to imagine a small point, about. three finger's width below the belly button, becoming warm. It is a small red ball. As you use your breath to work your imaginary bellows you nourish that small ball of warm read energy and it begins to glow."
He paused while I mastered that.
"Now keeping with what you have practised so far, on the in breath I want you to contract the muscles in your bottom upward and the muscles in your upper abdomen downwards, as if you were wrapping your flesh around that ball, hugging it and giving it a safe place to be nurtured and grow. When you feel the need to let go of the breath do so, unclenching all muscles, visualizing the heat of the red ball travelling up your spine and our the top of your head, clearing all blockages and negativity in your body as it goes." He paused in instruction to judge my progress, "Good, one final level of finesse with this practise. On the next in breath do what you have done before but also clench your hands into fists. Touch your tongue to the top of your mouth, as far back as it will comfortably go. Slightly tilt your head forward but keeping the spine straight. On the outbreath release all tension but keep you tongue where it is. Allow the flow again, out through the top of your head. Now practise," Silwa's presence ebbed into silence as I immersed myself in the practise. 
I continued until I felt him gently touch my shoulder, "Enough. Practise little and often. Do this and you will not only make the inner fire your friend but it will transform you. Avoid doing the practise on hot days or if you're feeling angry. Instead tend to your internal garden until you are back in a state of joy, then you may return to practise. The technique is not for everyone. Don't push it on others. When you reach Mars seek out Emily. She is a master of fire. She will teach you more. In the meantime listen to how you talk about things. Do you say 'I see, I know, I hear you or I feel'. You need to nurture the last. Aim to ask yourself, at least five times a day 'how do I feel?'"
I was confused, "But won't this counteract everything I've done, you know, diet and attitude. Telekinesis is not a related to this fire element is it?"
"No to both those questions. Firstly, tell me what happens when a forest doesn't get regular fuel reduction burns."
Forests? "The first hot, windy day, with a bit of dry lightning, it goes up like a bomb."
"It's the same with you. You need to treat yourself as a whole ecosystem. Not just your inner garden but the situations you find yourself in. Your inner garden is your inner balance, around it the challenges life throws at you, around that the challenges the world, indeed the cosmos is facing. Those you are connected with can help you if you let them," Silwa emphasised the last bit. "Do your practice as a kind of back burning, fuel reduction, to prevent catastrophes. Just don't do it on a day of what in forest terms would be considered a day of high fire risk. Keep doing everything else you are doing as that gives you a good solid base. You lean towards the fire and air elements. Air is actually your strongest stable element. Your fire is strong but it is unstable and that is why you need to work to turn it to your benefit."
I was starting to following him, "So what is the nature of air?"
"Thought, invention and knowledge, which shouldn't surprise you. But the free flow of air is also music and movement. Freedom from constraints."
"Aha, that's where the telekinesis comes from."
"It does. Again Emily, though she is a wielder of fire, should be able to help you harness it." He paused, as if noticing something. "Or Melissa. I see her visiting you soon."
Which was a reminder to me that I had to get back. "Thank you."
"One more moment if I may."
I knew he saw my impatience. He was there with me in that impatience.
"Excellent, you are being aware. This is a start. Remember that awareness is not judgement. There is nothing to judge. We are all perfectly imperfect."
Huh? "You want to run that by me. You're certainly not imperfect." Was he?
"I have become attached to the idea of this planet and its occupants ascending. I could have returned to source eons ago but I chose to stay. I thought I could do good. And here we are. A planet always on the brink. Barely a fraction of the souls currently incarnate who you could say are in any stage of awakening. I feel the failure of that. At times I get depressed. It is arrogance on my part that I thought I could do more. Mankind still fails to realize that they don't need to be perfect to love themselves and each other. There is no perfection, only perfect imperfection. Each part of the whole exactly gifted with all it needs to be. What is perfection anyway? Does a newborn child worry about the size of its backside, it's gender, it's IQ, what race of religion it's been born into or how much money it has in the bank? All it wants is to be unconditionally loved and accepted, as it is."
I felt compassion for this mighty sage. An unfamiliar urge to reassure himself. I hugged him. "Don't doubt the worth of what you've done. And I'll do what I can to stop demanding some abstract perfection of myself. I'll master what I am, in all its imperfection. I am worthy of love. You are worthy of love. We are enough. Isn't that what you need to hear?"
A single tear trickled down that alien face. "Then I have done my job. And Gratia."
"Yes?" I asked hesitantly, wondering what else the sage might throw at me.
"As for TG, the more she is loved the more she will have a chance to be real."
A flash of a memory went through my mind, my mother before she had died, reading me a story, The Velveteen Rabbit. A toy a boy had loved so much it became real. The memory warmed me. How did I feel? Nourished. When I looked to Silwa to comment he was no longer there.
28
Melissa had already arrived by the time I got back. I discreetly nodded in her direction but left her to her analysis of the team. Tevas had her in hand, showing her our preparations. I looked around and saw Chesten directing some newcomers. I was nervous about having more people on site but I guessed these were the people delivering the inflatables we'd put under the ship. Once they'd made the deliveries they'd go. Chesten was looking over some paperwork one of the delivery guys shoved at her, on a clipboard. He passed her a pen. Chesten took the time to read the paperwork which pleased me no end, though the deliverer was fidgeting as he waited. Chesten frowned at the paperwork, scribbled out something then shoved it back to the guy who took his turn to frown then stomped off. As they left I walked out over. "How's it all going?"
Chesten smiled at me but there was an edge of frustration to it. "Ahh! They were trying to overcharge us. I'll keep an eye out for when that statement comes in and I'll be having a terse word with their CEO. They tried to do this on the last job we had too."
"Triers," I muttered. I noticed TG doing a pirouette to show off her enhanced hologram to Tess. "I see TG got back before me."
"I guess being a hologram she could be in two places at once if she chooses to."
Interesting thought. "Have we tried to open a communication channel to the shipwreck yet?"
Chesten's eyes widened, "No."
I laughed. "You're very polite, you know that don't you Chesten. Most people would have asked me why the fuck I would think it would work after all this time. I know it's unscientific but let's call it a hunch."
"Jimmy," Chesten yelled over to a team mate, "I know it's a wild shot but can you start transmitting on whatever channels we're permitted to and see if anything on that ship responds."
Jimmy looked momentarily stunned but then he shrugged his shoulders, "On it." He went over to his equipment. Chesten and I followed. Even TG caught on to what we were doing, bringing Tess over with her.
"This is Recovery One," Jimmy announced, "Vessel at these coordinates," he typed something in, "Please respond."
Nothing. Jimmy shook his head and tried another frequency. It took a few tries and then suddenly we had an answer.
"Bugger off."
The unadulterated male Australian voice that came back at us took us all by surprise.
"Who are you?" I challenged.
"Who do you think Lady? You're the one asking me to respond. Now leave me alone. I'm sleeping"
TG pursed her lips, amused. "Let me," she whispered in my ear. 
I shrugged, "Go for it."
"Hi there Mr sexy voice, what's your name? Mine's TG," TG put on the charm.
There was a pause. We all looked at each other wondering at the lack of response. Then?
"Sexy eh. You don't sound so bad yourself darling. You with these idiots trying to stir up the mud around me?"
"Sorry about that," TG went with apology rather than denial, "You see we want you to fly again. We've got a crew here wanting to give you all the latest in technology. We could go together, see the stars, explore the universe," she threw out her bait.
"Small matter of suction here lady. The bottom of the sea is holding me fast. Don't think I haven't tried. I've had a long time down here effecting repairs but I haven't found a way."
"We have experts who want to put inflatables under you."
"They'd better be big."
"They are. We've done the calculations. They should be enough."
"Should be? Don't get my hopes up luv. It's a pretty depressing existence down here. I made what peace I could with it long ago. At least I've been able to watch some of what you call TV in the last hundred years or so. Have to say your world is whacked."
TG grinned, "I know. I work for people who don't have much to do with that world. They have their base in a parallel reality and have all sorts of friendships with other sentients on the planet."
"And how about you darling? What sentient species do you belong to or are you one of the intelligent apes who've been poking and prodding at me with that damned submersible?"
TG grimaced, not sure what to tell him. "He might not like what I am," she worried.
"Tell him the truth TG, he's a spaceship afterall. You won't know if you don't tell him," I urged.
TG took in a deep breath and went for it, hitting the transmit button. "I'm an artificial intelligence. Holographic when I choose. I support two brilliant minds and friends, Tess and Gratia. Tess is an aspiring engineer and Gratia is a whizz with maths. My name is a combination of their initials."
Silence. He was obviously digesting that, then, "Can I connect with you?" he asked in that incredibly sexy masculine voice of his.
"I'd like that," TG admitted. "I'm hoping they install my computer core on your ship so I can come with you."
"You're coming TG or I'll block their attempts to raise me."
Dictatorial bastard. At least his TV watching habits explained where he'd learned English, although not why he had the accent he did. I took to the console and pressed the transmit, "We never had any intention of TG not coming with us. She's closely integrated with me and Tess. Where we goes she goes. Now you going to give us a name or do we have to keep calling you Mr Sexy Voice."
The voice laughed heartily, "And you would be the mathematician I assume."
"And the captain of this little enterprise, or so others have told me."
"I'll decide if I accept you as captain, Gratia," his voice turned haughty. "And you can call me Nate."
"That's your name, that doesn't sound Lyrean?"
"Humph, the Lyreans abandoned me. I want a new start. You can call me Nate or you can stuff off."
I shook my head in wonderment. A spaceship with attitude. Would I be able to handle him? "It was the president of Karpathia, a Lyrean named Zakar, who said we could have you if we could raise you. They have never had the technology or the budget to do it."
"Zakar, he's still around then? Nice of him to ask if I wanted to be hived off. But if you can get me out of this mudhole I'll think of serving you. No promises."
I guessed that was as good as we were going to get. He seemed to have a thing for TG so if we plugged her into him maybe that would help our case. "Nate, the grouchy spaceship," I muttered to myself. No we weren't transmitting any more.
I went to find Melissa
Melissa shook her head. Not here, she telepathed.
Come back to my room then.
I told Tess where we were going then we disappeared.
We settled on the sofa near the window, "So."
"You've got some interesting people out there."
"And?"
Melissa telepathed her findings to me, I can't be sure this room is not bugged. What she had to say was disconcerting. 
I'll need to brief my mates. And Chesten?
She's in the clear. Beautiful rose coloured aura with a dash of indigo. Brains and love. Jimmy's okay too, a know-all of a nerd but you can trust him. 
That just left the ones we couldn't. "On a different matter. Silwa said I was a potential master of the element of air. He didn't say a lot about it."
Melissa frowned, tapping her lips, If the room's bugged we don't need them knowing this either. A master of air can influence others with voice, influence the weather, sing spells, shapeshift into the form of a bird and perform breath magic.
Some of that sounded fanciful. I latched onto the one that wasn't, breath magic?
Simply taking a breath, forming an intent on the hold, then breathing it out, letting the winds carry your will.
Sounds dangerous. Not a skill I'd want in the power hungry.
Melissa gave me a careful appraising look, No indeed but I'm guessing that's why Silwa would have taught you to harness your other elements, to balance you. You're not a bad person Gratia. You're willing to do the work, whatever it takes to overcome your past issues. I don't see a psychopath in you. But you do need to get in touch with your body and your emotions.
And the telekinesis?
Melissa's eyes widened in surprise, Really? You can do that? Impressive. Have you tried levitation?
You mean crossing my legs and bouncing up and down to pretend I have lift off.
Melissa burst out laughing. No. If you're moving things you are in a way levitating them so levitating yourself should be a natural extension of that.
I had an idea, What about something really big?
How big exactly?
29

It took us a few more days to get the inflatables in place. Each remotely controlled trip to the bottom of the Black Sea was painfully slow, although we were getting quicker with practise. But we couldn't afford to make mistakes. I wasn't keen on getting TG to fleece any more Din owned casinos and gambling syndicates than was necessary.
Asha dropped in briefly and said things were looking better with the oceans, with some shrinking of the dead zones. That was good because even if we got this spaceship up there wasn't going to be room for several billion people, let alone the rest of the lifeforms on the planet.
The teams, both the engineering team and the archeological company's were settling in well together. Although I kept myself alert to everything Melissa had warned me about. A few individuals who might be okay but could be more than they seemed. At least we had no Din possessed souls amongst us. We bonded over midday meals and regular briefings. I hadn't approached company director James Skandy yet to see how he might feel about me poaching Chesten and Jimmy, if the two were willing.
Lessya and Dad had their heads together, checking some figures. I could feel their concern but I trusted them to let me know when they worked out whatever was bothering them.
Time to talk to my ship. Well possibly my ship, if he accepted me, "Jimmy, can you open a channel to Nate."
"Sure," Jimmy flicked some switches, "You're live."
"Am I?" a snarky voice asked. "Would I be talking to you if I was dead."
Jimmy groaned, "I was letting Gratia know the line to you was open."
"Well you're right. It is. What's taking you so long? Do you know how many balloons they have shoved under me?"
Like we were messing with his buttocks, I had to smile, "We're just making sure everything is ready to go Nate. We want this to work as much as you do."
"Sure you do. Like you've been sitting in a mud bath for nigh on a 100,000 years."
He had a point. "You have waited a long time. Are you able to give me a report on your hull's integrity. We can only see the very surface from the submersible."
"I've kept myself in shape if that's what you're asking. I was built with a number of inherent self-repair systems. Nanotech I think you call it."
"How are you doing that?" I wondered. "You have no fuel source down there. You're too deep for solar power."
He humphed, "I'm not one of Naira's automated protectors. I don't have to stand out in the midday sun to recharge myself. She built me better than that."
Ah, so Naira had built the ship too, or at least designed it. She really was a smart lady. "So you're drawing energy from the earth?" I theorised.
"I harness both cosmic rays and telluric forces deep in the Earth. You'll need to let me know when to disconnect from the later. I've burrowed deep to reach them."
That would explain the cables running into the Earth, that the submersible had found. 
It was all information I needed to know. It didn't stop my curiousity though, "How did you come by your accent and your attitude. I know you watch TV but there's an awful lot of stuff out there to choose from if you were looking for someone to emulate. Don't get me wrong, I like it," I'd go as far as saying it was even amusing.
"I liked a movie back in the late 1980s, according to your timeline. It was about a crocodile hunter. I liked his lack of guile. No nonsense."
I vaguely remember that movie. "I don't remember him being as good at the sarcasm as you are."
"Well thanks."
"And?"
"Damn, you want me to admit I read romance novels? I'm a bloke."
I had a sudden understanding, "They wouldn't be kinky romance novels would they?"
"Might be," he answered evasively.
"Where there's lot of shoot em ups and protective males watching out for their very independent women."
"Possibly?"
I suppressed a giggle, who was I to judge, I read the same novels. "I hear her new novel is coming out soon."
"How, when?", Nate growled.
"I get her newsletter. It's even had a free prequel of how your alter ego met his woman."
"What! You better damn well send that to me."
Chesten yelled across the room, "Ready for a first attempt."
"Looks like we're ready Nate. Hang on."
"Damn it, don't you forget that newsletter."
I rolled my eyes, surely getting him off the bottom of the Black Sea was more important? Then again, being stuck down there so long maybe entertainment took priority. He'd been living vicariously. Was I really thinking of a spaceship as a being? "I won't forget. Now disconnect from the earth, monitor your systems and keep us informed. I'll keep this channel open." Turning to Chesten, I gave her the thumbs up, "Proceed."
Silence descended on the room as all eyes went to monitors and Chesten concentrated on her remote controls. I couldn't help it. I tensed, I wanted this to work. The millions of dollars aside I wanted that spaceship and for Nate I wanted his freedom. My eyes darted between screens and pressure gauges. Too much air in the inflatables and they'd rupture. It would take more money and precious time if we had to replace them. I hovered over Chesten's shoulder. She didn't turn but must have felt me there. She shook her head. 
Tess and the guys came over, I felt them at my back and I felt them in my heart and mind. No telepathy passed between us. It wasn't needed. We all held our breath and waited."
"It's not working," Chesten whispered, not wanting Nate to hear.
He couldn't have sensed our mounting anxiety and yet he asked, "What's happening guys?"
"Hang in there Nate," I reassured. "I'll tell you more in a moment."
"It's not working is it," came back the depressed mumble through the loudspeakers.
"I could go down there," TG suggested. "My hologram won't be affected by the pressures down there or the air in the interior."
She could but what would that gain us. "And?"
"I could assess the situation down there and perhaps a little moral support wouldn't go astray."
"Do it. Nate, we're sending TG down to assess things from your end."
"You could just ask. What do you want to know? I, wow, you're TG. She's here," interest etched his voice.
"TG, report."
"Air's good. Nate's already got it optimised for humans."
"Well duh, like I've been twiddling my thumbs while you guys work up there."
I felt a deep cyber telepathic sigh of frustration from TG, He's covering his anxiety TG, patience. Aloud I asked, "Pressure?"
"My sensors report it's all good, unless of course the vessel implodes if there's a rupture."
"I'm coming down."
"What? No!" came several dissenting voice from behind me.
"I can teleport out at the slightest amount of trouble. I have something I want to try."
The protest died down to muted concern.
"I'll reestablish our telepathic link once I'm down there. I need you guys to stay connected with me. I may need you help."
Mishka bit his wrist and raised it to my mouth, "Here, you will need strength. I already know what you want to do," 
I drank. "Thanks"
Even Silwa reached my mind, which surprised me, Remember Gratia, size is a mental construct. Everything is a mental construct.
Thanks Silwa. "Okay, I'm going," I announced, as much to gee myself up as anything. I wasn't exactly a natural at teleporting and I didn't want end up trying to swim under megatons of water. I wanted inside that spaceship. I kept that in my mind, took a deep breath incase I was about to drown, and teleported.
The world went white for a moment then I was there. Wow. I had never for one minute imagined that I would find such a pristine, well maintained interior. "Where are you TG?"
"Down the corridor," came the echo of TG's voice, bouncing off the walls of the empty spacecraft.
I walked down the corridor and entered into what had to be the command deck. I spied the captain's chair and knew I just had to have my Kirk moment. I went and sat in the comfortably upholstered command chair. It was made for someone bigger. A Lyrean no doubt. I wondered if the president of Karpathia had been the one to captain the craft on their escape to Earth. "Can they hear me up top?" I asked TG.
It was Nate who answered, "Of course they can, did you think I'd close the channel on you."
I rolled my eyes, not that anyone except me would notice. "I know you can talk to them Nate but I didn't know if they could hear what is said in this room."
"Yes." Succinct what.
"Chesten, where're we at?"
"Inflatables are at full pressure. I daren't give them more."
"Okay, keep them at that. I'm going to try something from here. Nate, you got any power at all to launch yourself off the bottom."
"Don't you think I would have tried."
"Have you tried just now, with the inflatable in place?"
He didn't reply but I heard something fire up. The ship rumbled with vibration.
"Careful, TG warned, "The ship could rip apart."
I was afraid of that, "Okay just pick up the tension Nate, no more than that."
"How's that going to help?" Nate grumbled.
"Do you want out or not Nate, shut your grumbling and do as I ask."
"Bloody Hell," he whinged but I felt the ship settle into a steady but unlaboured roar.
"Okay, here goes, and Nate?"
"Yes."
"Shut up while I do this."
His silence did not bode well. I closed my eyes and reached out to Silwa, to Tess, Mishka and Tevas, to my Dad and Leesya, to my long deceased mum, Help me do this. Give me whatever you can, love, balance, energy, intent ? whatever.
I felt a flood of all that entering my being. I felt Tess's certainty that I could do this. Mishka's love connected me to the infinite. Tevas grounded me. Dad, mum and Leesya had my back. Silwa's knowledge opened in my mind. I breathed into by abdomen, gently getting a rhythmic full breath going. I made my intent and drew it into my belly, contracting my pelvic muscles and diaphragm so as to hug it from top and bottom. I enjoyed the holding, sending love into the intent. Then on the outbreath I released all trying, stepping back to let it happen. The ship jerked, the floor tilted. I repeated the process, allowing more time in the hold for the love of the intent to build, adding a clear visual picture. Not the rising I needed but the end result, seeing the spacecraft breaking the surface of the sea. I released again and in my minds eye watched as the ship rocked and lurched as it finally popped free and began to rise. I opened my eyes, "Steady nate. Slow your ascent. TG, monitor the pressures on the hull and in here. Is everything in tact?"
"There's no damage Graz. Nothing's imploded. We're at minus 1500 meters and still rising,. 1000 now. 750. 500. 300, 200, 100." Cheers erupted through the comms system.
Natural light flooded the command center as the spacecraft burst from the ocean. "Okay Nate? You okay?"
"How'd you do that? Yes I'm fine but I need to land. TG's right, there's no major damage but I would still like to run a full systems check."
Fortunately we'd thought forward to what we would need if we did indeed raise the ship, "TG, enter the coordinates for that abandoned soccer field. Nate, I assume you're okay to land this thing yourself."
"Of course," but he sounded a bit less grumpy now. Being out of his muddy prison might soften him. Maybe.
Chesten called over the comms, "We'll go and meet you out at the landing site. See you soon."
"Captain, I'm detecting a number of people already at the landing site and I don't think they're yours." Nate reported
Damn, "Can you give me any sort of visual nate?"
"Can do."
I analysed the feed and worried, "Chesten, can you still hear me?"
"Sure can, on mobile comms. What's up?"
"I don't know but I have a bad feeling. There are a number of unknown persons at the landing site. I've spotted some carrying weaponry."
"They can't get through my shield," Nate pointed out.
"That's great Nate, but they can attack our people. Chesten, we might be headed for a hostage situation. They might want to use our people to bargain for the ship. Be vigilant. Is Mr Black with you?"
"Er, no, he's disappeared."
"What about your boss, James Skandy?"
Silence followed, checking in with the other vehicles no doubt, "Er, he's disappeared too."
I remembered what Melissa had told me and started to put two and two together, "I think someone has sold us out."
"Goddess I hope you're wrong."
So Chesten was a pagan, good on her. I'd quizz her about that later. "TG, can you patch me through to the President of Karpathia." Karpathia was nearby and a friendly ally.
"Patching you through now."
One of the president's mates answered, he'd do. "Colonel Lupei, we have a situation," I ran my concerns and suspicions past him.
"I'll see what I can do," He hung up.
What else did I have in my arsenal. "Nate?"
"Yes I have weapons, thanks for asking. You do know I can handle this myself don't you."
Bloody hell, "It's my people on the ground I'm worried about."
"Your people?" Nate asked in that arrogant tone of his.
"You damn well know what I mean Nate. My mates, my friends, the people who've helped raise you off the bottom of the Black Sea. If there is some way I can find to help them then it's my responsibility to do so. So yes, they are 'my people'. You got any suggestions?"
"Might, " he answered smuggly.
TG interrupted, "Graz, I'm receiving a contact on a different channel."
"Put it through."
"This is Sakla Enterprises," a grating male voice announced.
I groaned. "What do you want?" as if I didn't already guess.
"We have the recovery team surrounded. No harm will come to them if you land the spacecraft and hand it over to us without resistance. You have fifteen minutes to comply before we start shooting people."
Did I argue with him and tell him we had legal ownership? Did I ask why they though the ship was theirs for the taking. I worried that any questioning could lead to reprisal. "Understood." I closed the channel. Yes I understood their demand but that didn't mean I was going to comply with it. I reached out to my mates.
We've shut ourselves in behind the locked doors of the soccer club but they've shot out the windows, Tevas briefed me directly into my mind. I think there's someone clambering up on our roof but he or she may be on our side. Our attackers have been forced back by sniper fire. Oh, hang on. There's something happening. They're bringing someone out. It's James Skandy. They've got a gun to his head.
Don't believe what you see, he's one of them.
Are you sure? Tevas asked, surprised.
Hell, I was trusting Melissa's special sight, not science. But it was why I'd called her. I'm sure. Just stall. 
"Nate, is there any chance you can teleport everyone in the soccer club out and into this ship?" I had no idea whether some beam me up technology was part of his capabilities but I was hoping. Those from Boswell weren't a problem but everyone else was. "TG, show him the building."
"Can do," Nate agreed. "What about the guy on the roof?"
Shit, I was going to have to take a risk that the sniper really was on our side. "Him too."
"Colonel Lupei's calling back, Graz," TG informed me.
"Colonel." I acknowledged him
"Should have a bomber over you guys in thirty seconds, what do you want us to do?"
"Lay down some covering fire while we get our people out. We're teleporting them onto the ship."
Dazed people started appearing one by one onto the command deck, "Welcome on board. Take a seat wherever you can. Colonel Lupei. There is a man, James Skandy, with the enemy we think betrayed us but we're not sure."
"I have ground troops parashooting into the area, we'll capture him and bring him in for questioning. You guys clear?"
I looked around the room and counted heads, the last on board was Mr Black. Before he could orient himself Mishka and Tevas were on him, disarming him.
"Hey!" Black complained, "I did my job."
We'd get to him later, "We're all clear Colonel."
"Understood. We'll mop up from here. I'm sending you coordinates for an alternate landing site inside our territory. See you soon."
"Look forward to it Colonel. And Thanks." I turned to our sniper, "Mr Black, if that is really your name. Firstly thanks. Now, who are you really?"
"Your Andrew McCullum asked for help. He wanted someone on the ground to keep an eye on you guys and report back if there was any trouble. They sent me in because none of you knew me and because, in some dim and distant past I did study maritime archeology. Somehow they got me credentialled by Unesco." He shrugged, "I don't ask. I just follow orders."
I'd suspected something like that in his background, "Well thanks for that. Can we put you down somewhere or you coming with us?"
Mr Black eyed the room with doubt, "If they'll have me I'd like to come with you."
Amongst all those eyeing him with a mix of curiosity and distrust it was Chesten who walked forward to him. "Then welcome on board. You got a name? A real name?"
He shook here hand but seemed amused by her question. "I could give you a made up name but I don't want to do that. Let me check with my bosses and I'll get back to you. He then looked to me, "With your permission Captain."
I knew what he was asking. Chesten might have welcomed him but I decided on who was part of the crew, "I'll check with Andrew, I'll get back to you." Touché. His eyes met mine and we understood each other. We weren't about to trust each other, yet, but we'd think on it.


30

We had a few days R&R in the beautiful city of Karpattia while Nate got checked out by a horde of nerds and our own engineers. The ship was astounding in its design, almost shark like in shape and like a shark it's outer hull was lined with tooth-like scales which helped to increase lift and reduce drag. Such were the rantings of the aerospace enthusiasts who were swarming over the ship like a mass of ants, poking and prodding. I hoped Nate kept his cool.
With all this happening I was missing my mates, seeing them only in passing, but I knew they were in their happy place.
I took the time to put in a call back to Boswell, "Andrew."
"Hello Gratia. I've been expecting your call."
"You hid his identity from me. I don't appreciate lies of omission."
"Now, now. I had the best of intent. It wasn't necessary to worry the recovery team with possible problems. We'd caught some chatter from the Din. We weren't altogether sure they'd try but we knew they were interested in the ship."
"How'd they even know about it in the first place?"
"Oh, it has long been part of Karpathian legend. The Din keep as close an eye on us as we do on them. I'm sure there are those on the borders of the Karpathian Republic who monitor transmissions in and out of the dimensional portal that protects it. We still need to tap into the mainstream internet and telecommunications systems, that's where we're at our most vulnerable."
"Then maybe you should be honing the best telepaths to do the vulnerable communicating. I know we still need online shopping and the like but?"
"That's a great idea Gratia but there are still things as innocuous as online searches. The enemy has sophisticated algorithms that can piece together what we're up to. Every intelligence service on the planet does the same. Yiannis and his wife are developing a new browser that should hide our activity better, in the meantime..."
"In the meantime we have Mr Black. You know he wants to stay."
"We were aware of his interests when we placed him. We would like a security presence off world. The automated protectors on Mars report to the Lyreans, not us."
"And who would Mr Black report to?" I asked as casually as I could.
Andrew let out a deep sigh, "Chain of command then. I'll need to give you a higher level of clearance. You will be his handler in the field. You will decide which of you reports to me, when and how."
I pursed my lips and considered, "Okay, I guess that's all I can ask for."
"Good, good," Andrew sounded like he was letting go of some tension. "I'll send you over the necessary paperwork through the Colonel."
Hmm, "And I suppose you're going to tell me the Colonel is wise to all of this."
"Of course."
It was all starting to fit into place, "The Colonel already had that bomber and those parashooters on standby, didn't he?"
"He may have," Andrew answered with a chuckle in his voice. "I'm not at liberty to tell you everything. You will be Mr Black's boss and you will report to me."
"Okay Andrew. I guess I'll have to trust you then."
"Thank you," Andrew made it sound like an honour I'd bestowed on him. I suppose it was.
"Whatever became of James Skandy?"
"Ah, he's being held for questioning."
And I figured that was all I was going to be told, "Fair enough."
"Fair enough?" Andrew sounded surprised. "I thought you'd give me a harder time than that."
Normally, probably, "He's not a player in our current situation. I only want to be able to report to Chesten that her old boss is alive and in one piece."
"You may say that," Andrew agreed. "Changing the subject. When are you launching? The alliance is interested to hear on how the new engine you've installed goes."
"Tomorrow at oh nine hundred hours."
"Excellent. Good luck."
Tess tentatively opened the door, I'd felt her reticence to interrupt my phone conversation with Andrew. "Come in."
"How are you Graz? I feel like I've been neglecting you?"
"Guilt doesn't suit you Tess. You've been enjoying yourself and so have I. The Colonel's had me on weapons training. The first Lady, Adelaide, got me in as a guest on a few classes at the Metaphysics Institute. In between all that I've been sightseeing. If I'd known the mountains around here were so beautiful I would have come to see them years ago. The Colonel's family have been very welcoming and happy to spend their time showing me around. Did you know they're all shapeshifters like the Colonel. Their tribe goes back in history for millennia," I looked at her bemused smile and knew I was rambling, "Sorry. Just I haven't exactly been suffering. The only thing that was a bit testing was meeting with the Lyrean high council which these days has been relegated to an advisory role but is still highly respected. I learned a lot more about Martian history and what happened during their cataclysm. It was a miracle any of them survived."
Tess sat down on the bed next to me, "I'm glad. You're right. I have been having fun. It's been mind blowing fun working with Mishka and Tevas. Sometimes I'm not really sure where our respective brains begin and end. We bounce ideas off each other so easily.
The way she described their work I couldn't help but feel a little jealous.
"Don't," Tess ordered. "Like I said when I came in. I've been neglecting you. We all have. That ends now."
Hmm, this sounded good. She had my interest. My pulse rate sped, "What did you have in mind?"
"Something I've been wanting to do for a long time," and she leaned in and kissed me.
My brain fizzed in surprise then my heart took over, I pulled her too me and kissed her back. The boundaries between our minds dropped as clothes flew in all directions. We fell onto the bed. Skin against skin, stroking each other with our hands. Getting to know each other in ways we never had before. Damn I was hungry for her. My needs exploded to the surface, no longer buried. "You're right. I have been neglected. I need you Tess."
"Then let me lick you."
"Er."
"Don't shut down on me now," she leaned forward and licked a nipple.
I stopped breathing. Shit. "Do that again."
Tess's eyes gleamed with pleasure. "Yes mistress. Or should I stick with Sir."
"Leave off with the formal stuff. I might like it sometimes but for now just say 'yes Graz'."
"Yes Graz."
She'd offered up control and I took it. "Suck my nipples Tess."
"With pleasure." 
I had never imagined a woman's mouth on my breasts but once I'd crossed the boundary society imposed on such experience I revelled in it. "Lick my belly Tess."
Her tongue traced the soft muscles of my abdomen. The sensation so visceral I lost myself in it. Temptation fluttered through my mind, "I just had a shower." I thought I'd tentatively put that out there. No I'm not a tentative person but how do you ask your best friend if she'll do something that might actually disgust her. She might never look at me the same again.
Tess tut tutted at me, "There is nothing about you I would ever see as wrong or unclean. Let me. It can't be a lot different to giving a guy a bit of head."
I knew then that she'd understood my unsaid desire, "Just stop at any point if you want to back out."
Tess ignored me, positioning herself between my thighs, "Stop thinking Graz. Just feel." To make sure of that she took my clit between her teeth and gently bit me. 
My breath stopped, "Tess!"
Tess laughed, enjoying herself, enjoying the power I had given over to her. Her tongue teased my tortured clit, gently lapping it.
But I didn't want her restraint. "Tess, please!"
Tess sucked two fingers in her mouth, then properly moistened she inserted them into me, returning her attention to my clit.
I felt myself clamping down on her fingers. A burning need screaming at me. "Bite me again," I pleaded. And she did. A roaring furnace of release ripped through me. My back arched then I fell back on the bed, spent.
"Well wasn't that a pretty sight?" Mishka mused, delighted, "What do you think Tevas?" 
When had they entered the room? How long had they been watching us?
"The hungers are riding me," Tevas moaned.
And so ensued a long night of passion before we all collapsed into a deep sleep.

More placid and contented than was my norm I faced the next day with peace in my heart. My most hidden fantasy met I felt freer to be me. I might not be the most perfect person in the world but who actually was perfect? Maybe, just maybe, I was everything I needed to be. I approached the launch pad with a confidence born of self knowledge and self acceptance.
"Captain," Chesten greeted me, "Nate's all ready."
"And TG?" I wondered, with no slight concern.
"Evie connected her to an uninterrupted power supply before Yiannis unplugged her. Nate told us of some space next to his central core. We've plugged her computer mainframe in there. Test your connection," Chesten prompted.
You there TG? I sent the question through the cyber-telepathic connection.
Oh yes, and very happy. Thank you for bringing me along for the ride.
And all your memory is intact?
Helping you with the simulation for Asha, connecting to you through your tatt, visiting Silwa, all that you mean?
I smiled, relieved, Yes all that. How you going with Nate?
Oh he's both a grouch and perfectly charming, all at the same time. A little domineering and over protective but I'll sort him out. He's kind of sexy in a gruff way.
You give him heaps TG. Okay let's get this show on the road.
As I quietly entered the command center of the spaceship I noticed dad trying out the captain's chair. I chuckled to myself but I needed to lay down some boundaries. "Don't get too comfy dad. You're my lead scientist and resident cosmologist. Your seat is over there," I said with a smile so he knew I wasn't annoyed. It was going to take some time for dad to get used to the fact I no longer got annoyed easily.
Dad looked sheepish as he exited the chair. "Can't blame an old bloke for trying."
"You're not old dad. Look at you. You've nearly regrown a full head of hair. How does it feel to be a twenty something again?"
"Bloody good," he had to admit. "And you, you look remarkably calm for what we're about to do."
"I'm finally at peace with who I am, faults and all. That means I know I made mistakes in the past and I will probably make them in the future but I am the best person to play Gratia Sullivan in this lifetime."
Dad frowned, trying to understand though falling short of the mark, "So you and Tess finally got it on, I'm guessing. Took you long enough."
So he wasn't horrified. One problem I didn't need to deal with. "That and so much more. Have you and Leesya plotted in our route?"
"We have but we're troubled."
"What about?" I wondered. If dad was nervous about his calculations then I was too. "Show me."
"Pull up your computer screen of the route trajectory? Now look at the time and distance calculations versus the engine efficiency."
"Shit," I saw what he was looking at. "The new engine is too powerful. Nate," I called to the ship. "Can you recalibrate to dial down our speed so we don't bang into our destination?"
"You buggers have given the engine too much grunt haven't you? Not complaining. I'm a bloke. I like big engines. Let me see. Hmm. Until we test this thing I have no benchmark readings to go off. I don't fancy hitting my head on Mars. Let's play safe and take a route slightly off to the side. We can always use half power when we get there, to make a slower approach to the planet. TG?"
I smiled at how Nate was involving TG. He wasn't treating her as inferior. Maybe they could work out a solid partnership.
"I've just rerun Geoffrey and Leesya's figures. There is a concern. I opt we go with Nate's suggestion and aim for a point beyond Mars outer atmosphere." TG concurred.
The remainder of the crew had boarded while we'd been discussing the problem, "Okay, heads up people, a slight change of plan. The new engine is untested in this size of craft and there's reason to worry we might collide with Mars or overshoot it. We're opting for the later. Given the added risk if there's anyone who wants to leave now, let me know so we can wait for you to disembark."
No takers. Game lot. "Chesten, is everyone and everything loaded?"
"All accounted for Captain."
"Jimmy, have we got an open channel to the Karpathian spaceport?" Yes they now had a new state of the art, dedicated, spaceport.
"They're awaiting your go ahead."
"What about the spaceport at Scyth city on Mars?"
"All good."
"Weather conditions?"
"Wind speed at Karpattia is low, humidity low," Lessya checked the reports. "Temperature still cool and crisp, below the required 9 degrees celsius. On Mars, No major storms brewing, all quiet. Sun should be melting the morning ice there is 15 minutes." She checked another screen, "No solar activity to worry about."
"Okay Jimmy, let's give them a countdown."
"You know all this procedure isn't necessary. I have done this before," our grumpy spaceship pointed out.
I let out a huff, "Nate, this is our first time. It's a bit of an event for us. Bear with us."
"Thirty seconds to launch," Jimmy announced. "All systems check. Twenty."
"Engine is ready," Tevas confirmed.
"Ten.
"Everyone secure yourselves."
 "Five, four, three, two."
I hit the button in the center of my console, "Launch."
"We are away," Leesya announced to everyone's cheers.
"Really," Nate groaned. It sounded like if he had eyes he'd be rolling them.
"Coming up on the moon," Chesten noted, "And there goes the moon in the rear vision mirror."
Cripes this thing was fast, "Speed and trajectory Geoffrey?"
"On course but as we thought we are far exceeding expected speeds."
"TG, monitor those speeds and engine performance figures. We're going to need some more precise estimates in the future," if we survived. Well of course we would survive. Reality creation and all that. I visualized us safely getting to Scyth. What I didn't anticipate was the backtracking we might have to do to get there.
"Two minutes to Mars and closing," Geoffrey announced.
"Nate, you got any brakes on this thing?"
"You're kidding right? Bloody woman wants brakes. What do you think I am, a formula one race car."
Liked to watch the racing did he? "Don't be smart Nate. You must have something like reverse thrusters."
"He does," Tess agreed.
"Look, people, do you think I don't know our situation. I already have the reverse thrusters on."
"We're going to overshoot," Dad confirmed.
"I know that," Nate grumbled. "Coming up on the meteorite belt. I propose landing on Ceres while we recalibrate based on TG's measurements of engine performance."
I shrugged, the ship had the expertise that I didn't. "Do it."
"Wow is that Ceres?" Chesten peered at the image getting larger on her screen. "Will you take a look at that crater. I thought Ceres was just a round ball of rock covered in a 100 km thick layer of ice with a top dressing of dust."
I pulled up a view of the image she was looking at. "Most of it is but apparently those craters aren't. Is that a geodesic dome?"
"Topped with something like the Wardenclyffe Tower," dad mused. "It was an early experimental wireless transmission station designed by Tesla, and I don't mean that car maker."
"Leesya?" but she was ahead of me.
"On it, Nate, can you translate into Sancturan?"
"I've switched in the automatic translator, broadcasting on all frequencies, go ahead."
"This is the Lyrean-Earth vessel Nate, requesting permission to land for urgent recalibration."
Silence.
"We've overshot our destination on Mars, sorry, I think you know it as Nova Lyra. We need to recalibrate our engine. May we land?"
Silence.
"Do you think they heard us?"
"If there's anyone down there they would have. Maybe whoever was there's long gone."
"Lyrean-Earth vessel Nate. You may land outside of the crater. Any attempt to cause us harm will be met with retaliation. Do you understand?" The ship's translator announced.
So they didn't trust us. I couldn't blame them, "Understood. This shouldn't take us long to fix and then we'll leave you in peace."
"We would be interested in meeting with you but we're cautious. We've long tried to keep our presence here unnoticed. Though we have been monitoring recent transmissions from Earth and Mars, trying to judge if you are a threat to us."
I figured some honesty might be needed to build trust. "There are some elements, we call them Din. I think you call them Draconans, who enslaved and plundered Earth's resources for many millennia. They also have a mining camp on Mars. We are entirely separate from them. We belong to an alliance of sentient beings bent on saving Earth and rebuilding Mars. We are not your enemy."
"And yet you allow the enemy foothold on Mars."
They had a point. "I'm not a politician so I can't answer to the why of that. I think it's believed that the Din currently pose no threat. They've been given a means to create as much gold and precious metals as they desire, without causing either planet further harm. That seems to be keeping them currently at bay." I decided it might be wise not to mention the enemy's recent attempt to take our ship. Build trust first, then we could go for full disclosure. "Can you give us coordinates where you would like us to land?"
"Transmitting now."

Nate landed as requested. The engineering team went to work with their assessment. I watched in amazement as a door on the dome opened and a single being proceeded towards our ship. "I guess I'd better go put on a spacesuit. Do we have a portable translating device."
A device popped up from the arm rest of my chair. "I've configured the translator for you. You won't need to suit up as they've extended their atmospheric shield to cover us." Nate informed me."
Tess looked up from her work, worried. "You're our captain Graz, pick someone else to talk to them."
I knew she worried for me but I couldn't risk the more vital members of the crew being taken into custody. The truth was that Nate could fly the ship himself. If he needed direction I was sure one of my other mates, or dad, could take my place. Except? "Mish, would you come with me? I might need you new ability to reassure them. We'll be okay Tess," I reassured, "Reality creation, remember."
She smiled at that, "Yes you're exactly right. Have a happy talkfest," she went back to helping Tevas.
Nate teleported me and Mishka to the surface. It was by far the quickest way. "Open your heart Mishka. I want them to feel what we bring. The sixth sense my father would deny is telling me this is important. We need to show them what we are. Hold my hand."
As Mishka opened to his ability to transmit love I opened to my mastery, no scratch that, partnership, with air. Not wanting to show off as much as convince them we were beings worth getting to know I levitated us about a foot above the ground and drifted us towards the waiting Ceren. Anyway, it saved stubbing toes on the rocky surface. I brought us back to ground at a discrete speaking distance. Who knew what Cerens would consider to be personal space. "Hello, thank you for granting us temporary sanctuary." I used that last word on purpose, hoping it might mean something to them.
The hooded figure stepped forward, letting her hood drop. "Impressive, you are nothing like I imagined. You've mastered some of the higher mysteries I see."
I gasped as I took in the radiant being before me. I could see the reason for the hood and the cloak now. It was to dull down the glow. "You're a fairy."
The figure froze, surprised, "You know my kind."
"I've met one. Her name is Eadaoin. She's the leader of the fairy race on Earth."
"And she liked you?" the fairy asked with interest.
"She gifted me with the ability to see her. I don't think she has a great love of what's happened on our planet or those who were forced into doing the work of the Din but she is an important part of the Sentient Species Alliance."
"The alliance you spoke of earlier?"
"Yes. I myself only recently became aware that there are a number of sentient species living on our planet," I went through the list of those I'd met. "Apart from fairies and humans there are Lyreans like my mate here, Lemurians who survived from an ancient civilization, the Shang who meditate in their hidden caverns and guide those who are open to guidance, a few humanish shapeshifters who are allied to the Lyreans on Earth and of course our Delphine brothers and sisters who live in our oceans. Oceans we are repairing even as we speak."
The figure nodded, "We have been monitoring both the dire predicaments on your planet as well as the rebirth of life on Mars. We are intrigued. Come. We will not harm you. Please enter our city."
It seemed like we had passed first base with the locals. I reported back to Jimmy telling him where we were headed. "Progress?"
"Should have the final tweaks done in half an hour or so, TG says."
"Great, we'll be inside the city until we're ready to go. Please reassure everyone we seem to be safe."
"Seem?" the hooded figure in front of me asked.
"Just cautious."
The beautiful androgynous creature nodded in understanding, "As are we." I wondered if under that cape were hidden wings as resplendent as Eadaoin's.

The domed city was a wonder. From the outside it fair glowed with a brightness that was almost blinding. Inside the light filtered through a thousand trees, climbing vines, ground covers, mushrooms and small herbaceous shrubs. "Wow. You did all this?"
"With a little help from the planet. Enough of the old planet of Sanctuary survives here that re retained some of the old thermal springs. They liquify enough of the outer layer of ice to water what you see here. We, ourselves, are beings of energy, as I'm sure you realize from having met one of us before. We knew some of our kind escaped to your planet. What we didn't know was whether they survived or thrived.
"Surely Eadaoin would be aware of your presence. I understand she can be in many places and times at once. She is as often on Mars as Earth, I'm told."
"We've hidden our energy signature for fear of more destruction than we've already experienced. We thought ourselves to be all that remained of our once mighty race."
"Did any of my kind on Sanctuary survive?" Mishka asked, sadness dimming his inner light.
The being felt his energy shift and placed a hand over his heart, "Be at peace great soul. There are still a few among us. But as you can appreciate, given our limited life support and resources they have refrained from increasing their population. Enekõ", she waved to another hooded figure who busy weeding in the gardens, "Come meet our visitors."
Enekõ looked up from her work, an expression of absolute astonishment etching her face. Her jaw dropped as she spied Mishka. "Good grief, you're Lyrean."
"That I am," Mishka conceded. "My mate here agreed to feed me, she gave me back my life."
"There are others like you?" Enekõ asked in interest, bordering on a look of hunger.
"There are thousands of us still in stasis beneath the old cities of Nova Lyrea. Humans, like Gratia, have started coming to our aid. Until now they didn't have the means to travel to our planet. Their spacecraft are few. That's why we've been trying to get Nate up and going."
"Nate? That's a strange name for a Lyrean ship."
"He watched rather too much TV in recent years. He took it upon himself to give himself a new identity," I explained
"TV?"
"Er, I thought you got our transmissions from Earth, what we broadcast to our general population."
The fairy answered, "Only the audio. It was most strange. We've dismissed most of it except for scanning a few of your military channels. You'll have to excuse us. We are not a technological species. The sancturans among us have built most of what you see such as the tower. Our interest is only in the higher energies and life force."
"Then definitely don't waste your time watching our TV." It would be lost on them.
"I might want to watch it," Enekõ piped up, in almost a demanding tone.
The fairy sighed. "The Lyreans of Sanctuary were always a warrior culture. We've tried to steer them from it but they're still a feisty bunch, especially those you gender as women."
Enekõ laughed and hugged her fairy friend. "Feisty am I? I for one value all you've done to offer us life and protect us."
The gratitude was not lost on the fairy, "Thank you."
A light flashed on my wrist. I pressed the button next to it, "Yes Jimmy?"
"We're all fixed. Ready to go."
"We should be on our way," I let our new friends know, "And I don't even know your name."
The fairy shrugged nonchalantly, "Names are not that important to us. I suppose you may call me Aerwyna."
I wasn't sure if offering my hand would cause confusion so I didn't, "I'm very pleased to meet you Aerwyna. Is there anything we can do for you? Any message you would like us to take to Eadaoin or indeed the alliance?"
"I would've preferred if our presence had continued to be unknown but I believe that time is past. Bid Eadaoin welcome. We look forward to meeting her."
"Aerwyna," Enekõ interjected. "Please."
"I know Enekõ, I see your heart. Yes, go with them to Mars. I believe you will find what you are seeking there."
Enekõ ran to get her stuff. "There are few life partner options for the Lyreans among us. Do you mind?"
"We will take care of her," Mishka stated for both of us. "Though I can't say she will like the average Martian of my kind."
"Aerwyna," laughed, "Yes, so I've heard. Although you seem to have tamed your ingrained nature to accommodate a human. Have no fear. Enekõ will always be welcome back here if she chooses. She's a skilled gardener who's learned to channel life energy through her hands. We have others of her skill here but we will miss her. She's been a good friend."
"Friends should keep in touch then. I promise to be cautious of who I tell of your presence. Don't expect to hear about it in our transmissions," I reassured her.
"I appreciate that. I wish you many happy and enlightening travels." With that she disappeared. "Hope you know our way out Mishka cause its all just a mass of jungle to me."
Enekõ ran to catch up with us, a bag across her shoulders, "I know the way, follow me."

Epilogue

The spaceport of Scyth was a welcome sight. We'd made it. Naira and a large contingent of locals met us as we disembarked. The air of the planet was different, but not that hard to breath. I stepped out onto the solid ground, welcoming this, our second home. All around us the ground was covered with purple vegetation; mosses, shrubs and low trees. I heard a bird call out and was stunned to see it flying over ahead, "How do they not freeze at night?"
"Built in antifreeze, like the plants. Plus their hearts slow down to one beat a minute overnight. They go into hibernation on dusk. We only see them in the warmer months so they must go into an even deeper hibernation the rest of the time," Naira explained. "We have Emily and her mates to thank for much of the animal life. They work closely with Callan, growing the ecosystem bit by bit as each part becomes sustainable. We're starting to get a bit overrun by small rodent like creatures so we might need to introduce some predators."
"Emily", now there was a name I knew, "I look forward to meeting her. A wise man back on earth suggested I study with her."
Naira arched a brow, "You're a master of fire?"
I laughed nervously, "More like out of control fire but I do handle the element of air quite well."
"Emily is indeed a remarkable woman. She knows more about the power of belief than most of us. You'd never pick her as an octogenarian."
Something didn't add up, "Surely she had the genetic cure."
"Didn't need it. She reversed her own age." Naira paused as she noticed Enekõ, "She's not from Earth."
I called Enekõ over, "Naira meet Enekõ, Enekõ meet Naira, leader of the surviving cities on Mars."
Enekõ beamed her pleasure, "It's a pleasure to meet you."
I had the benefit of my mobile translator. Naira didn't. She looked at the woman oddly, "You're Sancturan." It wasn't a question. Naria spoke into her comms "Fionnalagh. I've got a surprise for you."
Enekõ whispered in my ear, "I don't understand what she's saying. Does she not like me?"
"I'm sure they'll have an extra translation device around here. I gather you don't speak Nova Lyrean then."
"I never had to, I was born on Ceres."
"Well trust me that Naira is really nice and isn't rejecting you."
Naira looked aghast. "I, hell no. Here, come here girl. I'm sorry. You just took me by surprise." She held open her arms.
"She's apologising for not greeting you properly and offering a hug. It's a way of showing welcome to someone you care about."
"Oh," Enekõ walked into the other woman's arms and seemed to enjoy the cuddle.
Naira looked to her approaching friend. "Fionnalagh, look what Captain Sullivan found."
"Graz, please," I muttered but no one was noticing as Fionnalagh embraced the girl and started talking ninety to the dozen. Even with my translator I couldn't follow.
"Fionnalagh thought she was the last of her kind," Naira explained. "She was on Mars at the time of the apocalypse, an ambassador. Where'd you find Enekõ? I thought you only stopped on Ceres briefly to make some adjustments to your ship."
"I'm not at liberty to say until I can talk to Eadaoin. Is there a way I can contact her. Someone who can talk to her telepathically. I don't want to broadcast any of this on the normal channels."
Naira's eyes brightened at the intrigue. "Come, we'll go find Russell. He's a reluctant meta being who works for Ma. He can pass the message on. You met him briefly."
"I remember him. I'd like to get my crew settled. It's been a nerve racking morning for them."
"Laz," Naira called over one of her guards. "Show these people to their quarters. Gratia and I have urgent business to attend to. We will debrief in two hours."
"As you will," Laz nodded, immediately starting to herd the crew towards the city with promises of refreshments and a tour of the city.
Russell had no difficulty telepathically contacting his boss, "Message received. Eadaoin is ecstatic and for a faery that's pretty emotional. She's teleporting there now."
"So let me get this straight," Naira wanted the facts, "Part of the old planet of Sanctuary survived as Ceres. I thought the Sancturans evacuated to Earth before the comet hit."
I called TG into holographic form, hoping she had the answers I didn't have, "TG, are you across Sanctuarian history?"
"Certainly, as much as we know after the refugees arrived on Earth. The faeries from Sanctuary started the faery race on Earth, settling mostly along the Western seaboard of Europe before spreading out."
"But there were no substantial legends of vampires in those countries," I'd loved vampire stories in my teens and I was sure that I'd never heard of any Celtic vampires.
"You're forgetting Gratia. It was the Nova Lyreans on Mars who evolved to drink blood, after the apocalypse. I'm guessing Fionnalagh also had to evolve to feed that way because she was stuck here."
"So the Sancturans who went to Earth."
"Interbred with humans, initially creating a very tall, warrior race but over time evolving to be more human sized."
"But," Naira still wanted to know, "How did any survive the destruction of Sanctuary and end up on Ceres? The meteorite field that formed from bits of the planet must have been bumping into each other for a long time after."
"I guess we'll have to ask Enekõ. She was born after the apocalypse but she may know the history of their survival."
Naira sighed, "If we can prize her away from Fionnalagh. I can't imagine what it must be like to think you are the last of your culture then suddenly find out there are survivors. I saw tears in Fionnalagh's eyes. That's something you don't see. Fionnalagh's one tough lady."
Our curiosity satisfied, as much as we could find out for the moment, I broached the other topic we needed to discuss. "So you've gotten your spaceship back. What now?"
Naira knew I was asking about my future and the future of my team, "We'd like to keep your crew on. Nate's phenomenal speed makes something possible that's close to our hearts. The Malakim ships like Triglav's have some of your ship's speed and the ability of being able to shift dimensions but they are often busy doing the bidding of the Malakim High Council. We want you to travel to the center of the galaxy and see if you can investigate the anomaly that's causing the imbalance, the illusion that everything is separate and must compete against itself. Seren and Rudol found it. We think it's what drove the rise of the Din."
I guessed where this was going, "You're species fled your original home to escape the Din but they came here anyway."
"They always find us. Everytime we think we've found a safe haven they've found us. We have to fix the root cause. The Din can't possess higher dimensional beings."
The extent of what she wanted awed me, "You want to ascend the whole cosmos."
Our conversation was interrupted by the arrival of one of Naira's androids, an automated protector.
"What is it Thallon?"
"Um, I kind of made contact with a human on Earth."
"What? Why would you do such a thing?" her anger obvious, "We can't have the general public of Earth knowing we're here. Hell, they'd probably want to set up some tourist industry, 'come and look at the aliens'. Or worse, make us the butt of some reality TV show.".
"Sorry boss. We secured our transmissions with our best encryption but somehow it got hacked. Our conversation was picked up by an amateur radio operator."
"Well then, you'd better retrieve the human. If they won't come with you take them to Boswell. Make sure they have a choice."
"Yes mam."
"And Thallon."
"Yes mam?"
"Keep this low key. We don't want a spate of 'alien' sightings hitting the press."
"I'll be cautious."
"See that you are."
As Thallon left Naira sighed, "Damn, that's the last thing we needed. I'll need to report this to the alliance, excuse me."
It seemed to me that with so much going on, both on Earth and Mars, and now Ceres, the alliance was going to have a harder and harder time keeping everything wraps. "So, I turned to Tess as she teleported into my presence, "You got all that I expect."
Tess was exuberant, "We're going travelling. In our very own spacecraft," She high-fived me and TG, "Reality created!"
Quietly I mused to myself that our reality was only starting to unfold.


For more about the author and her books visit:
Onstellar: https://onstellar.com/arwenjayne
Gab: https://gab.ai/Arwenjayne
Email:arwenjayne@gmx.com
You can still find me on other social media channels but, in keeping with the theme of my novels, I am trying to transition away from mainstream social media
Books by the author:

Non fiction
A simple nuts and bolts guide to yogic meditation and relaxation
A short introduction to the Sattvic diet (aka Simon's cookbook)

Left hand adventures series
Heart of Stone
A Lick of Immortality
Trust and Destiny
Don't call me kitten!
Guardians of the Rasselas (a novella)
Don't label me!
The Vampire President and the Headmistress (a novella that grew)
My Inner Alien
Rewriting the Dream

The Martian Vampire Chronicles
An open connection of the heart.
Beyond body, place and time
Ideally Imperfect.
