FAMILY FOREVER

IN THE BEGINNING

Book V


Tamara Miller

Smashwords Edition

ISBN: 9780463669051





DEDICATION

To my family and friends who have shared some of my life experiences and said, “You should write a book!”

This book is a work of fiction. References to real people, events, establishments, organizations, or locales are intended only to provide a sense of authenticity and are used fictitiously. All characters and all incidents and dialogue are drawn from the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real.


Copyright © 2014 Tamara Miller
All rights reserved

License agreement

This eBook is intended for your personal enjoyment. It may not be resold or given to other people. Please respect the rights of the author.


CHAPTER ONE

Isla and Amy pressed tightly against their mother, Helen, as they stood at the empty grave of their father, who died of influenza. They watched the attendants take their father’s body from the hearse and carry the coffin to the gravesite. Helen gripped her teenage daughters’ hands as she stood numb, realizing that her husband, Andy, was gone. She was amazed to see so many of his co-workers from the railroad, where he had worked for twenty years, at the service.
The heat from the early morning sun was already bearing down in Fort Madison, Iowa. Several ladies had their parasols opened for shade as the preacher led the group in prayer. Hearing a few sniffles in the background, Isla started to cry, then Amy. Helen put her arms around their shoulders to console them as her own tears flooded her face. After the service, Helen invited everyone to her house to gather and share stories.
Before Helen and the girls left the cemetery, they stopped by Helen’s mother and father’s graves who had died a year earlier in an automobile accident.
Holding her daughters’ hands, Helen read out loud the writing on their tombstones, “Ralph Warren, 1830 to 1910, and Ruby Warren, 1832 to 1910.” Taking a deep breath, she continued. “Please take good care of Andy for us. He is with you now.” The girls started to whimper again. “Okay, let’s go. Aunt Lillian is waiting to drive us home.”
Guests were waiting at the house when Helen and the girls arrived. She tried to be gracious as she greeted everyone, but was only going through the motions. She had so much on her mind. How am I ever going to support my family? she wondered. I need to come up with a plan.
An hour later, most of the guest had left. Helen said good-bye to the last visitor and her sister. “Forty-two is too young to die,” said Lillian, giving her sister a final hug. “Are you going to be all right?”
“Yes, we’ll be okay. We thought we had plenty of time to save for retirement, but life’s plan doesn’t always work out as one expects. I have a lot of decisions to make.”
“Do you want me to stay with you tonight?”
“Oh, no. The girls and I will be fine. Thank you for coming, and being with us during this devastating time. You’re the only family I have left.”
“Call me if you need anything,” said Lillian, hugging her sister and the two girls before she left.
“Okay, girls, let’s clean up,” directed Mama, and the three went into the kitchen.
“Mama, look at all this food!” said Isla, the youngest daughter.
“We won’t have to cook for a week,” said Amy, who was two years older than Isla. “I know,” said Mama, standing by the kitchen table. “I can’t believe how wonderful your father’s friends and our neighbors have been. We are blessed by their friendship. Let’s get everything put away,” she said, letting out a loud exhale. “I’m so tired.”
“Mama, why don’t you go lie down,” said Amy. “Isla and I can clean up the kitchen.”
She paused for a minute, looking at her two daughters. “I think I will,” she replied. She had hardly slept more than two hours at a time since Andy’s death. “Be sure to put anything that is perishable in the icebox.” She turned and slowly walked upstairs.
Standing at her bedroom door, she stared at her bed. I’m going to be so lonely without you, Andy, she thought. She sat on the side of the bed, letting her shoes fall to the floor. She took the few combs from her hair, letting it fall free to her shoulders. She slowly lay on the bed, crying softly, and she finally dozed off.

***

One week later, Mama had already taken a few measures to put her plan in place. She was a short woman and a little on the heavy side. She always wore an apron over her ankle- length dress and her hair in a bun. She sewed all her own dresses and had taught Isla to sew, too. Today was the last day of school before summer vacation. Mama was going to talk to Isla first about a decision she had made.
Isla, barely fifteen years old, placed her hands on her small hips in defiance, “No, Mama, I don’t want to go!” she said as she stamped her foot and shook her head, which was surprising for such a shy girl. Isla was a small, naïve girl with natural curly strawberry-blond hair. She had never before questioned her mother nor raised her voice. “I want to stay here with you and Amy,” she said in a louder than normal voice. Her lips trembling as she fought back her tears. Mama just stared at Isla, surprised at her reaction. “What about school and my friends? Why do I have to go?” seeing Amy standing in the doorway, she lowered her voice. “Why not Amy? She is older.”
Amy didn’t have curly hair like Isla’s. Her hair was straight and brown, and she wore it in a single braid past her shoulders. “What’s going on?” asked Amy. “What do you mean? Why not Amy? She is older’?” asked Amy.
“Mama is going to send me away for the summer,” spouted Isla.
“You will only be gone for three months,” replied Mama as she explained to Amy what they were talking about. “I’ve made arrangements for Isla to attend Archer’s Academy, a highly recommended boarding school for seamstresses.” Reaching out to pull Isla close as she sat at the kitchen table, she continued. “It will be just as hard for me to let you go as it will be for you to be away from us. Your sewing will help with our household expenses. Isla, I need your help. Please be brave for me?”
“No, Mama! I won’t go!” said Isla as she pulled away from her mother, and then she threw herself across Mama’s lap, sobbing.
“I’m sorry, honey, but arrangements have already been made,” said Mama, patting Isla on her back. “I spoke with your school principal, Mr. Burns, and he has a close friend who works at Archer’s. He talked to the headmaster and told him of our circumstances and how talented you are, and he is willing to discount the tuition,” explained Mama, pausing as she stroked Isla’s hair. “I have already bought the train ticket, and you will be leaving Sunday morning. When you come back, you can return to your friends and get small sewing jobs after school.” Despite her young age, Isla showed a creative ability in her sewing skills. With professional training, Mama thought she could become an accomplished seamstress and bring in additional income for the household.
Amy sat quietly listening to what Mama said as she watched Isla let go of Mama and run upstairs to her room. After slamming the door, Isla threw herself on her bed and cried herself to sleep.
Mama glanced at Amy, waiting to see how she would react to her plan. She wiped her hands on the front of her apron and started to clear the dinner dishes from the table. Amy helped her mother without saying a word, afraid she might also be sent away.
Putting away the final dish, Amy couldn’t stand it any longer; she had to ask, “Mama, are you going to send me away too?”
“Oh, no, dear. I need your help here. I’m going to move you girls downstairs with me and rent out the two bedrooms upstairs.”
Relieved, but confused, Amy wrapped her arms around her mother’s thick waist. Mama held her tight with an assuring hug. “Won’t it be crowded with all three of us in one bedroom?” asked Amy.
“Yes, it will, but we will have to make do. I have a small bed stored away. I’ll put it in our bedroom for me, and you girls can sleep in the double bed. With Dad gone I have to come up with a way to make some money. I’m also going to serve Sunday dinners for an additional five people and charge a small fee.”
After telling the girls her plan and seeing their reactions, Mama had trouble sleeping. As she lay in bed, she wondered if she had done the right thing. “Andy, if you hear me, please let me know if I have made the right decision,” she said, just above a whisper. No sooner had she finished the sentence than a billow of wind came through her open bedroom window. The curtains waved briefly, and a breeze filled the room. Mama took this as a sign of approval. “Thank you, Andy. I love you, and I miss you so much. Decisions are hard to make without you.”
As she looked at the ceiling, she prayed silently. God be with our little family and keep Isla safe. She needs you, Lord, to be by her side now more than ever. Tears flooded her eyes as she pondered over Isla’s journey and her plan to open her house to boarders.

***

Isla was still in bed on Saturday morning when she heard a knock on her bedroom door, but she didn’t answer. The second knock was louder.
“Isla, it’s me. Let me come in,” said Amy.
Isla got up and unlocked the door, turned, ran, and jumped back in bed.
Amy opened the door slowly, and then ran and jumped in bed with Isla. They pulled the covers over their heads and hugged tightly.
“I don’t want to go,” Isla said stubbornly. “Can Mama make me go?”
“Well, she is our mother, and we have to do what she says. I don’t think you have a choice. Three months is not that long, and think of all the new friends you’ll make.”
“But I’m scared,” said Isla hugging Amy tightly again.
“Mama said you have talent. When you come back home, you can sew for the neighbors. She needs your help, or she wouldn’t be sending you away.”
“I do have a lot of new dress ideas. I want to make gowns that sparkle with beads and pearls.”
“Maybe you will become a famous dress designer!”
“Oh, my! I never thought of that. Famous!” said Isla as she jumped out of bed. “Famous!” she shouted as she strutted around the room with her nose in the air. “I’ll study really hard. Maybe I’ll make gowns for high society ladies.”
“Let’s go tell Mama,” said Amy as she jumped out of bed. Hand in hand they ran downstairs in their matching nightgowns that Isla had made.
“Mama! Mama!” shouted Isla as she burst into the kitchen. “Maybe I’ll be famous with my dress designs. I’m going to study hard, and when I become important, I’ll buy us a big house where you can sit on the porch all day and sip lemonade.”
Isla’s new attitude pleased Mama. “Reach for your dreams, and they might come true,” she said as she joined the girls, laughing and holding hands they danced in a circle. “Let’s have breakfast. I’m going to make Isla’s favorite pancakes.”
As they sat around the breakfast table, Mama told them the duties she had for Amy and how she was going to change the bedrooms to make room for the boarders. Maybe this is a good time not to be home after all, Isla thought. Amy has a lot of chores helping Mama and won't have time for her friends either.
That night, Amy helped Isla pack a suitcase. She didn’t have to take a lot of clothes because uniforms were worn at the school. “Don’t forget Susie,” reminded Amy. Susie was a precious fabric doll with red yarn hair that Mama had made. Isla made the doll’s nightgown to match hers and Amy’s. Susie knew all Isla’s fears, like how much she missed her father and that she was frightened to leave home. Isla knew she was too old to be carrying around a doll, but she wanted to take something to remind her of home.
Sunday morning came, and they needed to be at the train station by eleven o’clock. Isla had on her Sunday best dress with matching sweater and dress shoes. Mama lent her a small purse for her travel, just big enough to carry a handkerchief, a few coins, and a note stating who to contact if Isla got lost.
They arrived at the station just in time for hugs and kisses before Isla had to board. Mama had packed a sandwich and a few cookies for her journey. The train trip would take three hours to reach Archer’s.
Mama found the conductor and asked, “Would you please keep an eye on my daughter Isla? She has never traveled alone before, and she is going to Archer’s boarding school. There will be someone there to meet her.”
“I know where that is,” replied the conductor. “I’ll make sure she gets off at the right stop.”Then he took Isla’s hand and found her a seat by the window.
“All aboard!” hollered the engineer. The train whistle blew as it slowly chugged away from the station platform.
Holding back her tears and clutching Susie under her arm, Isla waved goodbye from the train window.
Mama and Amy stood on the station’s wooden platform, waving goodbye and throwing kisses. Mama wiped the tears from her eyes, hoping that Isla didn’t see them. She still wasn’t sure she was doing the right thing by sending her little girl away.
Isla enjoyed all the scenery from the train window as she ate the lunch Mama had packed for her. She saw places and towns she had never seen before, with fields of wheat and corn, and farms with cows and horses. She was a city girl and found the countryside interesting.
“I have a little girl your age,” said the conductor, stopping by to check on Isla. He was concerned about such a young girl traveling alone. She nodded back with a smile. “If you need anything, let me know.” Isla still didn’t answer, just smiled, remembering that Mama had told her not to speak to strangers.
A few minutes before the train arrived at the depot closest to Archer’s, the conductor let Isla know they were getting ready to stop. “I’ll come back to escort you off,” he said.
When the train stopped, the conductor took Isla to the depot platform. Archer’s headmaster’s assistant was waiting for her.
“Hi there, dear. Are you Isla Warren?” asked Mrs. Whitney, reaching out her hand.
“Yes, ma’am,” she said timidly.
“I’m Mrs. Whitney. I’m here to take you to Archer’s.”
She took her hand and wondered, Is she my teacher?
Islam examined what Mrs. Whitney was wearing. Isla often wondered why all teachers looked alike. They seemed to wear dark dresses, ugly shoes, and expressions on their faces like they had just smelled something bad. If Mrs. Whitney was a teacher, she looked different. She was young and pretty and wore a flowered dress.
“It’s about an hour ride to Archer’s. I have a carriage waiting for us. Shall we go?” said Mrs. Whitney. Her smile made Isla feel comfortable. Together they drove in a horse-drawn buggy belonging to the school. Mrs. Whitney made small talk, asking how Isla’s mother and sister were doing after her father’s death. The time went by quickly, and they soon arrived at the school.
Archer’s was a large, gloomy, gray, two-story stone building. Isla thought it looked spooky like somewhere a witch or ghost would live. As Mrs. Whitney walked her through the building, Isla observed several classrooms. There were separate rooms for designing, cutting, fitting and assembling, and another room for lectures. Other classrooms had been converted into sleeping rooms. Isla’s arrival gave her just enough time to register, unpack, and receive a quick orientation.
Entering Isla’s bedroom, Mrs. Whitney instructed, “We have thirty students; each bedroom sleeps six girls. Two girls will share a wardrobe, but you will have your own trunk for your personal belongings. You may post pictures of your family on the wall above your bed.”
Isla put her suitcase down and followed Mrs. Whitney to the cafeteria. “Dinner is served promptly at six p.m. All the students are assigned weekly kitchen duties, and those who have kitchen duty in the morning will report to the kitchen at five a.m. Breakfast is served at six thirty, and classes start at seven thirty. There is a thirty-minute lunch break at eleven thirty and then back to class by noon. Classes continue until five thirty p.m., six days a week.”
Walking Isla back to her room, Mrs. Whitney continued, “Church service is held on Sunday mornings. In the afternoons you can write letters or participate in any other leisure activity you choose, as long as you don’t leave the school grounds. Visitors are permitted on Sundays only. Do you have any questions?”
“No, ma’am.”
“Well, go ahead and unpack, and I’ll meet you in the cafeteria at six. After dinner you will be given two uniforms,” said Mrs. Whitney, smiling as she left.
On Isla’s first day, she reported directly to the lecture room, wearing her new uniform, a drab green jumper with a white blouse. She wore her own shoes but was given dark knee-high socks. There were five other girls starting school with her. Following the lecture on school rules and expectations, three girls were assigned to the cutting room, and the other two girls and Isla were taken to the sewing room.
When Isla entered the classroom, she quietly gasped. She had never seen so many sewing machines in one room. There were more machines than students. Later she found out that the school was also a workshop that hired outside seamstresses to meet the school’s contracts. Isla was surprised to find out she had a daily quota to sew. After she met her quota, she would have time to learn advanced techniques. By the end of the first week, she met her quota every day.
The teachers took to Isla immediately because she needed little instruction. Students interested in designing had to sign up for six months instead of Isla’s three-month commitment. She figured that if she worked hard, she could advance to the design session during her three month period.
“Isla, your designs are too elaborate for what we do here,” said her teacher. “We won’t be doing any gowns with beading.”
“Yes, ma’am. Would it be all right if I showed the beading on my sketches only? Just so I can visualize what the finished gown will look like.”
“As long as you understand your designs are on paper only. But remember the actual gown will be made of whatever fabric we have on hand, without any embellishments.”
“Yes, ma’am. Thank you,” said Isla with a curtsy.
Isla continued sketching her complex drawings, and the teachers shook their heads in amazement as they critiqued her work.
The days were long, and Isla missed her mother and sister. She had a calendar on the wall keeping track of the passing days, and she drew a star on the last day of school. At the end of each school day, Isla told Susie everything she had learned. Being timid, talking to Susie was comforting and easier than talking to the other girls. At night, she would kneel beside her bed with Susie and say her prayers, blessing Mama, Amy and Daddy in heaven.

***

Mama and Amy had not planned on visiting Isla on Sundays because the round trip train ride would take six hours, not including the trip to and from the station. Sunday was Mama’s big dinner day for outside guests. Isla understood this was part of the plan.
“Mama, I miss Isla,” said Amy. “Isn’t there some way we can go visit her? ”Her eyes looked so sad.
“I really miss her, too,” replied Mama, giving Amy a big hug. “She’s been gone for a month and writes that she is lonely and wants to come home. Maybe a visit will help all three of us.”

CHAPTER TWO
Mama’s plan was working. Her dinners were a success, and she had two boarders. Sunday dinner was usually served at two in the afternoon, following church. To allow time for their surprise visit with Isla, Mama told her guests in advance that dinner would be served later.
The following Sunday, Amy was up early, excited about seeing her sister again. Mama packed a lunch for all three of them, including her homemade oatmeal-raisin cookies, which were Isla’s favorite.
Reaching the end of the train ride, Mama found someone who was willing to give them a ride to the school. They arrived at lunch-time. Students who had visitors were in the garden. Isla was in the cafeteria with a few of the other girls who didn’t have family members visiting. She was patiently sitting at one of the tables, waiting for the nod from the head cook to get in line for food service.
Isla saw the door open from the hall entrance, expecting it to be one of the students coming in late; she was surprised to see Mama and Amy. “Mama! Mama! Amy!” she squealed and ran to meet them. All three hugged and cried. Jumping up and down, Isla turned to the other girls, saying ecstatically, “This is my mama and sister.”
Taking Mama’s hand, she led them to the picnic area in the garden, a shaded courtyard with several tables and chairs. The shade trees were huge, and there were trellises of ivy running up the side of the building, with rose bushes lining the walkway. After noticing the dreary look of the outside of the building, Mama was pleased to see the pleasantry of roses and ivy.
Amy and Mama’s visit made timid little Isla come alive. They sat next to the family of Jessie Whitman, one of the girls who had started the same time as Isla. Mr. and Mrs. Whitman were cordial and said it was nice to meet a family of one of the other students.
During lunch, Isla didn’t stop talking as she told them about her classes. “You wouldn’t believe all the sewing machines in our work-room, and I meet my quota every day,” said Isla proudly.
“I’m glad you have settled in,” said Mama. “I’ve rented out the two bedrooms. My Sunday afternoon dinners are a success, so we won’t be able to stay long.”
Isla was sad for them to go, but she understood and relished the time they had together. Mama and Amy caught a ride back to the train station with Mr. and Mrs. Whitman.
They arrived home just in time to get supper served, most of which Mama had prepared before she had left home. They were running late, but the guests understood and were delighted to see the sparkle in Mama’s eyes and the cheerfulness of their server, Amy.
During evening dinner at Archer’s, still excited about her visit from Mama and Amy, Isla asked the other students at her table, “Did you see my mama and sister come and visit me today?” The girls smiled, responding with a “yes,” or a simple nod. What a great day this has been, thought Isla.
That night Isla and Jessie talked together about their families.
“My mother wants me to become a seamstress,” Jessie told Isla. “She thinks that would be a good occupation after I graduate from high school. She doesn’t want me to go away to college. My mother said she would be lonely if I left home.”
“I love to sew and design dresses,” said Isla. “But I didn’t want to come here; my mama made me. My father recently died, and we don’t have much money. Mama wants me to learn more and to improve my dressmaking skills so I can sew for our neighbors and help with family expenses.”
“I’ve seen your work. You are really good. I think your mother is right,” Jessie replied, giving Isla a smile.
“I know, but I miss my mother and sister. I’ll be happy when I can go home.”
Before Isla went to bed that night, she drew a star on her calendar. It certainly had been a special day. Isla said her prayers with Susie before bed which included Jessie and her family.
Jessie and Isla became good friends. They sat next to each other during meal-time. Having Jessie as a friend made the days go faster. She was a year older than Isla, a spindly girl, with doe-like eyes, who wore her hair in pigtails. Mama and Amy wrote to Isla weekly, and she shared her letters with Jessie. Her parents came every Sunday and included Isla in their picnic lunches. Isla looked forward to Jessie’s family meetings and wished she had a daddy like Jessie’s.
Mr. Whitman had an average build. He looked younger than his age, but his bushy mustache gave him a fatherly appearance, and he was always smiling. Mrs. Whitman was short, stout, and wore her slightly graying hair in short finger waves. Jessie looked more like her father, with her dark eyes and brown hair, and she, too, was always smiling.
Jessie’s father gave Isla his undivided attention. “Come sit next to me,” he said, patting the bench seat next to him. He put his arm around her, giving her a squeeze, doing the same to Jessie. “My two girls,” he said as he squeezed them both. Mr. Whitman had wanted to have another child, but due to complications during Jessie’s birth, Mrs. Whitman could not have any more children.

***

Mama and Amy visited Isla again at the end of the next month. This time Mama brought enough oatmeal-raisin cookies to share with Jessie’s family, who raved over how delicious they were. That made Isla proud. Mama also noticed the attention Jessie’s father was paying to Isla. She appreciated his kindness because Isla didn’t have a father to look up to.
Graduation day finally came. It was a Friday, and Mama and Amy were there to see Isla graduate. She had studied hard and made use of every spare minute during her three-month session, but she was ready to put school behind her. Jessie’s parents were there, too.
The ceremony was short, and each girl received a certificate of completion. “Mama, can I frame and hang my certificate on our dining room wall?” asked Isla. “I want everyone to see it.”
“You sure can,” said Mama. “I’m so proud of you.”
“Can we give you a ride to the station?” offered Mr. Whitman as they were leaving.
“Thank you,” said Mama. “I would appreciate that.” The six of them squeezed into his new, shiny 1903 Packard automobile.
At the train station, they all said good-bye. “I’m going to miss you, Jessie,” said Isla.
“I’ll miss you, too. I’ll write you, and I hope you’ll write back and let me know all about your neighborhood customers,” Jessie said with a smile.
Mr. Whitman picked up Isla in his arms and gave her a big kiss on the cheek and an extremely long hug. When he put her down, Isla threw her arms around his waist, giving him a hug back. Mama knew they had developed a close friendship during their Sunday lunches but thought the kiss and long hug were inappropriate. Not wanting to cause a problem, she didn’t say anything.
“Thank you for the ride. I hope we see each other again sometime,” said Mama, giving a nod and smile to Mr. and Mrs. Whitman. “If you are ever in our area, I would like to have you for dinner to show my appreciation for the kindness you have shown Isla.”
“That would be nice,” replied Mrs. Whitman. “Thank you for the invitation.”
Jessie and Isla waved to each other until they were out of sight.

***

On the train ride home, Isla was bubbly, bouncing up and down on her seat, and spouted out everything she had learned.
When Amy could get a word in, she said, “A new family moved in next door. There is a girl my age, and she has an older brother. I think he goes to college.”
“Have you met them yet?” asked Isla.
“No, but school starts next week, and we’ll have a chance to meet the girl. It will be fun to have a friend next door,” stated Amy.

***

The first day of school, Amy made friends with the new neighbor girl, Martha. Isla didn’t go out of her way to be friendly. Many thought she was stuck-up; she was just shy.
It didn’t take long for the word to get out that Isla had spent the summer attending Archer’s and was ready to take on some dressmaking assignments.
“Did you see the dress Isla had on today?” one of the girls at school asked her sister as they walked home.
“Yes. I bet it even had matching bloomers.”
“I heard she makes all her own clothes and her sister’s, too.”
“I wish I had a dress like the one Amy was wearing,” replied the other girl.
“Let’s ask Mother if we can have Isla sew for us.”
Many mothers in town found it difficult to trust a fifteen-year-old with their sewing needs, but their daughters insisted. Isla soon had plenty sewing projects to do after school and on the weekends, which didn’t leave much time for a social life. That was okay with her; she would rather sew than do anything else.
When spring vacation came, Amy had her eye on the new neighbor boy, Rod, who was home from college. He was six feet two with reddish brown hair and horn-rimmed glasses. He had a collegiate air about him. Amy and Martha, Rod’s sister, became good friends, which made it easy for Amy to hang out around Rod. Amy spent every spare minute during the holiday breaks with him. When he returned from college for the summer, he began courting Amy.
Isla had no interest in hearing Amy talk about Rod and how they were going to get married and move to Texas, where Rod’s uncle lived and had offered him a job after graduation. What will Mama do if Amy moves away? Isla wondered. I hope she tells her she can’t go.

***

It was after dinner, and Amy was at Rod’s house. Mama had received a telegram from Archer’s that day but knew she would have to be careful how she told Isla. She was sitting on the couch, knitting next to Isla, who was doing some hand-sewing.
“I received a telegram from Archer’s today,” said Mama, not looking up from her knitting.
“Archer’s? I hope you aren’t planning on sending me back there again this summer?” said Isla, confused.
“No, Isla, but it is about you.” Isla looked puzzled as Mama continued. “They have a summer contract offer for you.”
“No, no! The answer is no!” Isla glared at her mother, putting her sewing down.
“At least let me tell you about it before you say no.”
Isla didn’t say anything. Biting on her upper lip and folding her arms in front of her. She sat quietly, listening to what her mother had to say.
“The contract is for the summer at the home of the Mayfield family. They want someone to sew the fall and winter wardrobe for the lady of the house and her two young daughters,” explained Mama. She hated to send Isla away again but thought it was a good opportunity. “It would be a good experience to live with a nice wealthy family.” Isla was glaring at her mother. “It would be a chance to see how other people live, and it might be a good connection for your future.” Isla sat without saying a word as Mama continued. “The contract will pay three times what you would make staying here for the summer, and they will pay for your round-trip train fare.” Baffled, but a little more relaxed, Isla still didn’t speak.
“You can keep half of your pay and open up a savings account for your future.” Mama was smiling as she made the offer.
Isla sat up straight, her interest piqued. I’ve never had my own money, she thought. Her earnings were always given directly to her mother.
“I don’t know,” Isla finally said, shaking her head. “I don’t want to be away from you and Amy again.” Pausing, she thought about the money. “Can we talk about this in the morning so I can think about it?” asked Isla.
“I think that would be a good idea. Archer’s wants me to telegraph them back by tomorrow with an answer, so we don’t have much time,” said Mama, smiling at Isla and going back to her knitting. I need to send an inquiry to Archer’s about the Mayfield family, Mama thought to herself. I’m not going to hand my daughter over to just anybody.
Isla put down her sewing and went to bed. Many thoughts went through her head that night. If I had my own money, I could buy nice fabric, not the flour sacks I’m used to sewing with, she thought. It won’t be like Archer’s, where I had to sew on the same pattern over and over again.
The next morning at breakfast, Isla told Mama she would go to the Mayfields’.
“The Mayfields’? Who are they?” asked Amy. Mama told Amy about the contract with Archer’s. “Are you sure you want to do this?” Amy asked Isla. “You’ll be staying with strangers.”
“Don’t worry, Amy,” said Mama. “I’m going to check with Archer’s and get more information about the family before I agree to let Isla go.”
“It will only be for the summer,” replied Isla, looking at Mama, “and no longer. They are going to pay me a lot more money than I can make sewing here. They are supposed to be a rich family, and maybe they will like some of my designs.”
Archer’s returned Mama’s inquiry, assuring her that the Mayfields were a good family. They had previously sent other students there for the summer and received good comments from both parties. It was settled; Isla would leave on Sunday afternoon.
CHAPTER THREE
The Mayfield family lived in Henderson County, Illinois, a thirty-minute ride from the train station. A man servant and the Mayfields’ head housekeeper, Miss Ellen, met Isla at the train station in a horse-drawn carriage. They rode in silence, while Isla enjoyed the picturesque countryside. For a city girl, the rolling hills seemed to be never-ending.
On a hilltop of a grassy meadow, peeking through acres of trees was the roof of a plantation-type house. Just north of the house were horse stables. Pulling around to the back of the house, the horse carriage stopped. Miss Ellen helped Isla with her small suitcase as they entered through the kitchen. Miss Ellen took off her coat, hung it on a coatrack, and proceeded to give Isla a quick tour of the house.
The house had five bedrooms and a living room with a high beamed ceiling. It was the largest room in the house, decorated with overstuffed furniture placed comfortably in front of the hearth. The Mayfields had a radio, a record player, and a grand piano where the two daughters alternated their practice schedule every morning and afternoon.
Taking Isla to her room, Miss Ellen said, “This is your room that you will share with two housemaids.” It was a small space, much like the room she had at Archer’s. “Go ahead and get settled in. I will send someone to fetch you for dinner. You will eat with the other staff in the kitchen at five o’clock.”
At dinner, Miss Ellen introduced Isla to Hilda, the cook, and the two housemaids who would be sharing her room. “When you finish eating, return to your room. In the morning, report back here to the kitchen at six for breakfast. We will go over your duties then,” instructed Miss Ellen and then she left. She never ate in the kitchen with the staff. She took her meals in her room after the Mayfields had been served.
In the morning, Miss Ellen, peering over the top of her glasses and standing erect, wearing her starched white apron and highly polished shoes, sternly gave Isla the household staff rules. “You are not allowed to roam the house. If you are not in the sewing room, you should stay in your room. After dinner, you may walk the grounds when your work is done but stay away from the horse stables. Do you have any questions?”
“No, ma’am.” I’ve never been in such a big house. I won’t wander around because I would probably get lost, thought Isla. They sure have a lot of rules.
“Follow me, and I’ll introduce you to Mrs. Mayfield and her daughters.”
Mrs. Mayfield and her two daughters were waiting in the sewing room. Mrs. Mayfield was a thin woman of average height with long, black hair tied back with a black satin ribbon. The fifteen-year-old daughter was thin like her mother. The other daughter, sixteen, was shorter and starting to show a womanly shape.
The sewing room was upstairs and had a window that over-looked the Mayfield estate. It was a nicer work-room than the cramped sewing quarters Isla was used to. The fabric she was given to make the ladies’ wardrobe was the nicest she had ever seen.
During the second week, while she was fitting Mrs. Mayfield, Isla cleared her throat and then spoke, “Excuse me, Mrs. Mayfield. May I ask you a question?”
“Yes, what is it?”
“Would it be okay if I kept the scraps of material left over from your garments?”
Mrs. Mayfield frowned at such a request and then eased into a smile, saying, “I guess it would be all right, as long as you don’t use it to make yourself anything to wear.”
“Yes, ma’am. I won’t,” Isla confirmed. “Thank you. Your fabric is so lovely.” Mrs. Mayfield smiled at her as she left the room.
Using the scraps, Isla made a small lap quilt. At the end of each day, Isla would retreat to a place in the orchard she considered her sanctuary. Sitting under one of the trees on her handmade quilt, she thought about Mama and Amy, counting the days when she could return home.
The orchard seemed to stretch for miles, rows, and rows of trees. I wonder how they planted the trees in such even rows? thought Isla. Did someone carefully measure the distance between each tree? The Mayfields also raised race horses, which caught Isla’s eye. I could sit here all day and watch them train the horses. They are such beautiful animals. I wish Mama and Amy could see them. It’s so peaceful here. She started to daydream. I hope Mama isn’t working too hard. It’s a lot of work having two boarders and cooking the Sunday dinners. I only have four weeks left on my contract, and then I can go home and help her.
Isla was not with the Mayfields long enough to become close to anyone in the household, with the exception of Hilda. Hilda was a large woman, very large. Like Mama, she always wore a bib-type apron. Unlike Mama, she wrapped her hair in a bandana. She took a liking to Isla, sensing the loneliness Isla felt being separated from her family.
“How are you doing, honey child?” asked Hilda, handing Isla an apple as she came through the kitchen one afternoon on her way to the orchard.
“I’m fine. This is a nice house, and I really like sewing for the missus. The girls are okay, but they don’t talk to me,” replied Isla.
“Child, you are hired help and only here for a short time. Their mama has told them not to make friends with you because you will soon be gone. If you are lonely and need someone to talk to, you can come and sit here with me when your day’s work is done.”
“Thank you, Miss Hilda, but I want to stay out of the way of Miss Ellen.”
“I know, child. I know,” she said as she rolled her eyes, and Isla went out the back door.
Everyone was nice to Isla at the Mayfield house, as long as she remembered her place. One day Miss Ellen caught Isla in the doorway of the front room, listening to one of the girls practicing on the piano.
“Isla, do I need to remind you not to wander about the house? If you are not in the sewing room or kitchen, you should stay in your room,” said Miss Ellen.
“Yes, ma’am,” replied Isla, and she quickly went to her room.
At the end of each week, Isla wrote to Mama and Amy. In her letters, she enclosed scraps of fabric that she was working on to let them know what she was making.
She also wrote to Jessie:

Dear Jessie,

Archer’s contracted me to spend the summer with a family in Illinois. I’m sewing the wardrobe for the lady of the house and her two teenage daughters. I miss Mama and my sister, but it’s only for three months, and the pay is good for our family. You should see the fabric. It’s beautiful. What are you doing this summer? I hope you write back.

I miss you,
Isla

***

Jessie wrote back:

Dear Isla,

I was glad to get your letter and to hear about your sewing contract. My mother has been sick ever since I returned from Archer’s and now confined to her bed. It’s been hard taking care of her and keeping up with the housework. My dad isn’t much help. He is working long hours and sometimes doesn’t come home at night.
I miss you, too. Please write me again.

Jessie

***

The Mayfield contract was over, and Isla returned home. She opened up a savings account with Mama and promised not to touch it until she graduated from high school. Mama let her keep a little money to order a few magazines because she liked to cut out pictures of dresses and gowns. Isla pasted them in a scrapbook, in hopes that someday she could copy some of the designs.
Amy had already graduated, which gave her more time to help Mama with the household chores. Isla didn’t look forward to returning to school. She would rather be home sewing and was excited with every new project she received. Some of the mothers contacted Isla to make holiday dresses for their daughters. Isla liked the variety but didn’t care much for doing alterations. She preferred making dresses from the beginning, but alterations were a big part of her customer base, and every penny counted.

***

The Warren family enjoyed the holidays even though money was tight. Mama bought a small Christmas tree, which put the girls in the holiday spirit. Mama, Amy, and Isla had Christmas dinner alone. The only family they had was Aunt Lillian, who lived too far away. To make the holiday more festive, Mama invited Rod and his family over on Christmas evening for dessert.
With the holidays over, Easter was the next busy time for Isla. She had sewing projects for many of her schoolmates to make their Easter dresses.
The following summer, the Mayfields requested Isla back. Isla was glad to see Hilda again as she welcomed her with open arms. At the end of her contract, customers were waiting at home for her to sew their school clothes. Isla was in her senior year and looked forward to graduation.

***

There was a small cluster of stores near the Mississippi River where the paddleboats docked, within walking distance of Isla’s house. One of the shops was called Rosa’s Dress Shop. It specialized in ladies’ dresses and accessories. Mrs. Taylor owned the shop, which included an apartment upstairs. Isla visited Rosa’s often, just to look at dresses and touch the expensive fabrics. She hoped that someday she could make dresses just like Rosa’s.
Isla was browsing through the shop when Mrs. Taylor approached her. She was very fashionable, and Isla admired her style. She was tall and looked like a model in the fashion magazines.
“Are you Isla Warren?” asked Mrs. Taylor. Isla was startled when Mrs. Taylor spoke to her. She thought she might be in trouble for visiting the shop so often and never buying anything.
“Yes,” Isla quietly answered, expecting to be kicked out, but Mrs. Taylor was smiling.
“Your name has been mentioned to me by some of my patrons. They have complimented your work on dress alterations. I was wondering if you would be interested in working for me?” Isla looked stunned as Mrs. Taylor continued. “I feel that many times my dresses have not sold because they were not the exact fit for my customer. Much of my business comes from travelers along the Mississippi, and they don’t have time to find someone to do alterations.”
“What? You want me to work here?” Isla was surprised and taken back that anyone had mentioned her name and at the same time praised her work. And now, Mrs. Taylor was offering her a job. She had two more weeks until she graduated from high school, and she thought she would probably have to go back to the Mayfields’ for the summer. With this new opportunity, she could work close to home and receive regular pay.
“It would be my pleasure, Mrs. Taylor, but first I must discuss this with my mother. I can come back on Saturday and let you know.”
“Good. I’ll see you on Saturday.”
“Thank you, thank you,” Isla said over and over again, almost tripping as she backed out of the shop.
Isla skipped on the way home until she came to the bad house. Mama made her always turn her head and look the other way when they passed it. She told her never to look at that house but never told her why. Mama just said it was bad. Isla turned her head and then ran the rest of the way home.
“Mama! Mama!” she shouted, as she ran into the kitchen, letting the door slam shut behind her. “Mrs. Taylor offered me a job at Rosa’s Dress Shop. She wants me to do alterations for her customers!” She jumped up and down with excitement. “I told her I had to ask you first, and I would let her know on Saturday.”
“Calm down, Isla. Sit and tell me what you are talking about,” said Mama, putting down her dish towel and sitting at the kitchen table. Isla relayed Mrs. Taylor’s conversation as she bounced up and down on her chair. Mama knew the shop but was concerned it was so close to the waterfront, and Isla was naïve about the ways of the world. She would be exposed to people from all walks of life and still would have to walk by the bad house twice a day.
Mama had brought up Isla to be a lady, and she soon would be eighteen. She had taught her to be polite and respectful. Have I been overly protective? she wondered. She will have to grow up someday, and I will be here to guide her. Relaxing, she shared in Isla’s excitement.
“If this is something you want to do, then I’ll go with you on Saturday to meet with Mrs. Taylor.” Perhaps it is time to let go, she thought, hugging Isla.
Saturday, on the way to Rosa’s Dress Shop to meet Mrs. Taylor, they both turned their heads as they walked by the bad house. When they arrived, Mrs. Taylor was busy dressing one of the in-store mannequins. There was a young man stacking shoe boxes in the back. He came out when he heard the sound of the bell hanging over the front door.
“Mrs. Taylor, this is my mother, Mrs. Warren,” said Isla.
“Nice to meet you. This is my son Jonathan,” said Mrs. Taylor. “He is home from college during summer vacation and helps me with my shop.”
Isla felt her face turning red as she curtsied when introduced. What is this blushing feeling? Isla wondered. It has never happened to me before. Is it because he is so handsome? He looks so strong. Is it because he looked straight into my eyes like he can see right through me? Make it stop. Please make it stop, she kept telling herself. The more she tried to make it stop, the warmer her face felt.
“It’s my understanding that you would like Isla to come and work at your shop,” said Mama to Mrs. Taylor.
“Yes, I would like her to do alterations for my customers if that would be acceptable?”
“Isla will be graduating in two weeks. She could start the following Monday,” said Mama. Isla stood next to her mother, grinning like she had just won a first prize award.
“That would be perfect. I would like her to work Monday, Thursday, and Friday to start. My shop opens at nine in the morning, except we are closed on Sundays.”
“That will be fine,” agreed Mama. Turning to Isla to see if that was agreeable with her, she noticed Isla blushing as she nodded in agreement. Taking Isla by the hand, she explained they needed to return home. Mrs. Taylor said she looked forward to having Isla assist her patrons.
Leaving the shop, Isla asked, “Did you notice my face getting red?”
“Yes, dear. That happens sometimes,” Mama said with a smile.
“How can I make it stop?”
“I don’t think you can. That happened a few times to me when I first met your father.”
“Do you think that happened to Amy when she met Rod?”
“I don’t know. You’ll have to ask her.”
CHAPTER FOUR
It was Monday, and Isla was anxious to start her new job and see Mrs. Taylor’s son again. No one had made her blush before, and she hoped it wouldn’t happen again.
She was twenty minutes early and waiting outside the shop when Mrs. Taylor arrived. “Good morning, Mrs. Taylor,” said Isla.
“Good morning, Isla,” replied Mrs. Taylor, impressed by Isla’s eagerness. She had a feeling that Isla was going to be a perfect addition to her business.
Mr. and Mrs. Taylor lived near the Shaeffer Pen Company, where Mr. Taylor was an executive. Jonathan lived in the apartment above the shop during his breaks from college.

***

Within the first few months, as Mrs. Taylor had anticipated, her sales increased by having someone at the shop to do alterations. Isla worked diligently and was thrilled when customers praised her work.
Near the end of summer, Isla hated the thought of Jonathan returning to college. He had two more years to complete his business degree and planned to go to work at Shaeffer Pen after graduation. But now, he was ready to return to school, his friends, and the party life. He thought Isla was sweet and a nice distraction for the summer but very naïve.
The week before Jonathan returned to college, he stayed at his parents’ house. He wanted to spend some time with his father. On Monday morning, he went to the apartment to pack up his things and say goodbye to his mother. Before leaving the shop, he hugged and kissed her and then bent over and kissed Isla on the cheek. The kiss was a surprise, making her blush. She brought her hand up to touch her cheek where he had kissed her, dropping her head in embarrassment.
Jonathan placed his hand under Isla’s chin, pulling her head up to look at him. “I’ll be back during Thanksgiving, so don’t forget me,” he said and gave her a wink. She thought her legs were going to buckle out from under her. She reached for the doorframe to steady herself as she stood next to Mrs. Taylor and waved good-bye.
After hurrying back inside, Isla went straight to the sewing room and returned to work. She stopped long enough to check the calendar and count the weeks until Thanksgiving and then wondered how she would ever survive until then. However, work was very fulfilling, which helped make the days speed by.
“Isla, I would like to increase your hours to full time,” said Mrs. Taylor. “With Jonathan at school, you can do the stocking and assist with sales when needed. Would that be okay with you?”
“Oh, yes. I love working here, and I would be glad to help out more.”
That night she told Mama about the change in her work schedule.
“Isla, I am so proud of you, and your help with the household finances has been a blessing,” said Mama, giving her a hug.

***

When Jonathan returned home for Thanksgiving, he spent more time at his parents’ house than at the shop. Knowing Isla was infatuated with him, he stopped by the shop a few times to tease her.
“Have you missed me?” he asked. Isla was too embarrassed to respond. “I’m glad to see you are still working for my mother. She speaks highly of your work. I’ll be back at Christmas time. It’s a busy time for the shop, and I’ll be here to help out. I look forward to spending more time with you.” Jonathan winked and his smile absolutely melted her.
“I look forward to be working with you again, too,” said Isla as she blushed, hoping that Jonathan didn’t notice.
During the two weeks he was home for the Christmas holiday, Jonathan worked at the shop every day. Isla’s personality blossomed when around Jonathan. She offered to get his coffee in the morning and to set his plate next to hers at lunch. When she finished her sewing projects, she was at Jonathan’s side to assist him with whatever he was doing. She wanted him to know that she cared for him, but she certainly couldn’t tell him. That would be too bold. The two weeks went by fast.
Jonathan enjoyed Isla’s shyness; she was becoming a challenge. He found satisfaction in teasing her and making her blush. The holidays were over, and again he returned to college.

***

The following summer while working at the shop, Jonathan paid more attention to Isla. She was in love, and he knew it. She had never been kissed by a boy, and Jonathan was more than willing to give her a few lessons. He was tender with her and took it slow. Isla was giddy the first time and covered her mouth and ran out of the room. He must think I’m silly, she thought. I better act more grown-up, or he might not kiss me again. I can’t wait.
Mama had him over for dinner at least once a week. She wanted to get to know him better. Mama liked Jonathan; he was very polite. While he had been at school, Isla would write him every week, but he never wrote back. Mama was concerned that Jonathan and Isla’s relationship was one-sided.
“It’s nice having Jonathan over for dinner. I enjoy hearing about his plans for the future,” said Mama to Isla as they cleaned up the dinner dishes. “Does he ever mention getting married or having a family after he graduates?”
“That’s really personal,” said Isla, appalled that Mama would even ask such a question. “You don’t expect him to talk to me about something like that, do you?”
“Well, I have a feeling that you care a lot more for him than he realizes.”
“Oh, Mama!” said Isla, turning her head away. She felt uneasy that they were having this conversation.
“Honey, I don’t want you to get hurt. Boys think different than girls do. Please be careful, or he might break your heart.”
Isla didn’t pay attention to what Mama told her. There were a few nights during the summer that Isla told Mama she was working late, but actually, she was spending time with Jonathan upstairs in his apartment.
“I don’t like you working so late,” said Mama. “I worry about you walking home in the dark.”
“Oh, don’t be silly, Mother. I’m not afraid. I have a lot of work to do, and I don’t want to get behind.”
She didn’t like lying to her mother, and she knew what she was doing was not ladylike, but Jonathan would be leaving for college again, and she wouldn’t see him until Thanksgiving. It was going to be hard to say goodbye this time.

***

Rod had one more year of college to complete his business administration degree. Rod and Amy had talked about marriage after he graduated. Summer was over and Amy was already upset that he was leaving again. To ease the separation between Amy and Rod, Mama invited Rod and his family over for dinner a few times before he had to return to school.
Dinner was over and Amy and Isla cleared the table while Mama brought out a chocolate cake she had baked.
“This cake looks delicious,” said Rod.
“I hope you like it. German chocolate is Amy’s favorite,” Mama replied.
“Like your dessert, I have saved the best for last,” said Rod. Rising from his chair next to Amy’s and getting down on one knee beside her, he took a small box from his pants pocket. “Amy, will you marry me?” he said as he opened up the box holding a sparkling engagement ring.
Amy gasped and looked at the ring and then at Rod. “Oh, yes,” she replied, and he slipped the ring on her finger. Amy jumped out of her chair and threw her arms around his neck, almost knocking him over.
Getting his balance, Rod stood up and embraced Amy in his arms. “I didn’t want to go away to college without knowing that you would be waiting for me,” he told her.
Isla and Mama were all smiles, and so was Rod’s family. Everyone got up from their chairs and congratulated them both with hugs and kisses as Amy held out her hand for everyone to see her ring.
“I have nearly made myself sick, knowing that you were going to leave again. This will make it much easier,” said Amy, again throwing her arms around his neck.
Rod’s family liked Amy and was pleased with the engagement.

***

The girls and Mama had fun making wedding plans. Even though it was a year away, it was the main topic of conversation around the house. Isla was going to make Amy’s wedding dress and was sketching out the design. She looked forward to doing some hand-beading on the bodice. Isla was also going to make the dress for Martha who was going to be her bridesmaid, and of course one for herself as the maid-of-honor.
Sitting at her sewing machine, Isla daydreamed about someday marrying Jonathan. He probably has several girlfriends at college who are smart, beautiful, and from very wealthy families. How could I ever fit in his society crowd? Jonathan had told Isla about all the parties at school, saying it was nothing like living in boring Fort Madison.
Mama noticed that Isla seemed a little depressed. But, it was normal for Isla to get that way when Jonathan left. One morning Isla was getting ready for work, and Mama heard her in the bathroom getting sick. When the girls were going to school and didn’t feel good, Mama would always say, “Get up and go to school. You’ll feel better later.” But this time, Mama told Isla it was okay to miss a day’s work, especially because she seemed so ill. Isla said she thought she would feel better later, so she went to work.
Mrs. Taylor could see that Isla was ill. “Isla, you don’t look well,” she said.
“I don’t feel too good, but I’m sure I’ll feel better later,” Isla replied.
“There is no need for you to stay; most of your work is caught up. I think it would be best if you go home and go to bed.” Isla nodded in agreement, picked up her purse, and slowly left the shop.
At home, she went straight to bed. Mama thought that it was just the flu and told her to sleep it off. The next morning Isla was sick again. She knew it wasn’t the flu. How will I ever tell Mama? she wondered. I’m so ashamed. Mama and Amy will be mortified. This only happens to naughty girls. Maybe I should just run away. But where would I go?
Mama wasn’t stupid but hoped it was not what she suspected - not Isla. That night, Isla didn’t come to the kitchen for dinner. While Mama and Amy were cleaning up the dishes, Mama told Amy, “I’m going to check on Isla and see if she might want a bite to eat.” Mama slowly pushed the bedroom door open. “It’s me, dear. Just checking to see how you are feeling.”
Isla looked up from her pillow; her face was puffy, and her eyes were bloodshot from crying. Going to her bedside, Mama held out her arms and hugged her as Isla poured out her heart. Mama thought Isla’s sobbing would never end.
“I think I’m pregnant!” blurted out Isla. “Will you ever forgive me?” she said, sobbing.
She didn’t answer right away. She just kept holding Isla, finally telling her everything would be okay. What on earth could be okay? thought Isla. I’m pregnant and not married. People will think such bad things about me. I’ve shamed the family. How could everything be okay?
When Amy came to bed and saw Mama comforting Isla, she asked, “What’s going on?”
“Come sit here with us,” said Mama, patting the bed next to her. As she told Amy the situation, Amy gasped, covering her mouth with both hands.
Not able to keep the words from coming out, Amy said, “I can’t believe it, not you, Isla. You are so shy. Rod and I are engaged, and we haven’t even,” Amy covered her mouth again. Nothing more needed to be said. Isla cried off and on all night as Mama lay next to her until they fell asleep.
The next morning Isla didn’t come to the kitchen for breakfast. Mama went to Isla’s bedroom, and said, “We need to go and talk to Mrs. Taylor.”
“Oh no!” said Isla. She was curled up in a ball and started to cry. 
“We must. Jonathan will have to marry you. There is no other way,” said Mama in a matter-of-fact manner. “Get dressed. We’re going now.”Isla resisted at first but knew she must face Mrs. Taylor.
Mama and Isla were waiting at the shop door when Mrs. Taylor arrived to open up. She could tell by Mama’s expression, and the puffiness of Isla’s face and eyes, that something was wrong.
“Come in, I’ll make us some tea,” said Mrs. Taylor as she led them to the kitchen in the back of the shop.
When Mama was finished talking, Mrs. Taylor didn’t say a word. She just stared down at her empty teacup. Finally looking up at Isla, and then at Mama, she said, “Jonathan will be here for Thanksgiving, and we will talk this through. I agree with you, Mrs. Warren. Jonathan will have to marry Isla, but he still needs to finish school. Let’s talk again after Thanksgiving.”
“I would like to have the wedding take place as soon as possible, nothing big, of course,” said Mama.
“Isla, go wash your face. We have work to do,” said Mrs. Taylor, and she walked Mama to the door. “This is an unfortunate situation, but Jonathan will do the honorable thing.”
“I’ll wait to hear from you after Thanksgiving.” Mama turned to leave, not wanting Mrs. Taylor to see her as she fought back her tears. This certainly was not what she had planned for Isla’s future, but she would stand by her daughter, and they would get through it together.
Mrs. Taylor could not keep her mind on her work the rest of the day. How could he be so stupid? she thought. He had his pick of girls equal to our social status. Isla is sweet, but not for Jonathan. I dread telling his father.
That night, Mrs. Taylor told her husband about the visit from Isla and her mother. He threw up his hands and shouted obscenities.
“Jonathan has to finish his education,” he spouted. “We will do whatever is necessary to make sure his education is not interrupted,” he ranted as he paced the floor. “Make sure that girl understands Jonathan’s priorities. Unfortunately, it will not be her.” He slumped into his easy chair and lit his pipe, hoping that would calm his nerves.
Sitting on the couch watching her husband, she wondered what Jonathan’s reaction would be. She thought. He’s not going to like it, but the choice is no longer his. He will have to live with this mistake.
“We’ll send a telegram to Jonathan in the morning instructing him to call home,” said Mr. Taylor, taking a long, slow drag on his pipe.
The telegram was sent. The message read:
URGENT STOP. CALL HOME STOP
When the school received the telegram, they delivered it directly to Jonathan’s classroom. Opening it immediately, he asked to be excused from class to call home, thinking something was wrong with one of his parents.
“Hi, Mom,” said Jonathan.
“Jonathan, can you get away from school early? We have a family emergency.”
“What’s wrong? Is Dad okay?”
“Nothing like that,” she replied. “He’s fine.”
“Then what is the problem that I need to rush home?”
“It’s Isla.” She paused. “She’s pregnant.” There was silence on the phone. “Jonathan, did you hear me?” she asked.
“Yes, I heard you. I don’t know what to say.”
“Say? You need to get home so we can talk about this.”
“I’ll see what I can do. I’ll try to get away early.” He hung up. The school phone was in a small room in the hall for students’ use. Jonathan slammed the phone on the receiver so hard it almost broke off. He kicked the wall several times and then went to his room. He stood at his bedroom window, staring into space, thinking about his circumstances. “Damnation!” he shouted. I hope she doesn’t think I’m going to marry her. Turning from the window, he picked up his books from his desk and threw them against the wall.
When Jonathan arrived home, he saw the anger on his father’s face. He was usually met with handshakes and pats on the back, but not this time. Mr. Taylor’s eyes were squinting, with his fists clenched at his side as he fumed. He had never been physical with his son, but Jonathan could tell his father would like to haul off and hit him.
“Isla is pregnant. Do you understand what that means?” Mr. Taylor asked Jonathan through gritted teeth. Jonathan didn’t respond. “Do you hear me!” he shouted.
“I hear you, Father,” he quietly responded.
“You will have to do the honorable thing.”
“What about school? I have to finish the year.”
“You will continue your education as planned. We will assist you financially of course. Just stay focused on your studies, and we will handle this in a dignified manner.”
“Yes, Father.” Jonathan just stood there, nodding in agreement. Dignified manner? I wonder what Dad means by that?
“We’ll have the wedding after Thanksgiving, and then you will return to school.”
Wedding? Oh, shit! Not quite what I had in mind, he thought. How can I stay focused? My life is over.
Lying in bed that night, Jonathan’s head spun with thoughts of what to do next. He decided he would not tell any of his friends at school and would keep his marriage a secret. Maybe this would not be so bad. He could continue to have his fun at school, and during his home visits, he would have his needs met with Isla. He would do whatever his parents wanted, as long as his school and finances continued. I will deal with Isla after graduation, he thought to himself.
The next morning, he went to Isla’s house. She was surprised to see him and immediately started crying as Mama stood next to her.
“Well, young man, what do you have to say for yourself?” Mama asked, glaring at him, with her hands on her hips. At first, he had no response; he just looked at the floor.
“I’m sorry about all this, Mrs. Warren,” he said in an apologetic tone. “May I talk to Isla in private?”
Mama gave him a disapproving stare, and with an, “Ump!” she turned and left the room.
“How are you feeling?” he asked, reaching out to touch her arm. “I know a doctor who could take care of the pregnancy.”
“Jonathan, I can’t believe you would even suggest such a thing!” said Isla, horrified at what he was saying. She tried not to raise her voice, but she wanted to yell at him. “You may not want to marry me, but I don’t think we have a choice. Under no circumstances would I ever consider getting rid of my baby if that’s what you are suggesting.”
They talked for about an hour and decided to get married the Friday after Thanksgiving. When Jonathan went home he told his mother what they had decided. Mrs. Taylor called her sister who lived five miles outside of Fort Madison. Telling her sister of Jonathan’s circumstances, she asked if they could have the wedding at her house. She wanted to be discreet for the family’s sake. Her sister agreed.
Mama contacted her minister and asked him to perform the ceremony. It was settled. The wedding would be attended by immediate family only.
Isla made a simple white chiffon wedding dress, nothing like the wedding gown she once dreamed she would wear. She also made a dress for Amy who would be her maid-of-honor. Jonathan didn’t have a best man because he didn’t want anyone to know about the marriage. Mama gave Isla away. It was a solemn affair for a wedding: no music, no dancing, no celebration. Refreshments of punch and cookies were served following the ceremony.
After the wedding, Isla went to live with Jonathan in the apartment above the shop for the one week remaining before he returned to school. After he left for college, Isla went back to live at Mama’s. There was no need for her to live alone in the apartment.
Returning to school, Jonathan resumed his life as a single man drinking and attending all the sorority parties. As far as Isla knew, he had accepted her as his wife and was waiting for their baby to be born. Isla knew the importance for him to continue his education so that he could get a good job and take care of his new family. She continued to work at Rosa’s. She was happy to be married to Jonathan and have his child.

***

During the Christmas holiday, Jonathan had two weeks off from school. He was expected to arrive home on Monday. It was late Sunday afternoon, and Isla was on her way to the apartment to make sure everything was in place for Jonathan’s arrival in the morning. She was going to make sure the linens were fresh, and she had stopped to buy a bouquet of flowers for the kitchen table. She also had a fresh apple pie that Mama had made for his homecoming.
On the walk to the apartment, she heard laughter coming from the front porch of the bad house. She thought she recognized one of the voices. Stopping in her tracks, she slowly turned her head to look. She could feel her heart thumping in her throat and her face turn flush. It was Jonathan and two ladies on the porch. They were talking and laughing. No one saw her. How could it be? Jonathan wasn’t coming home until the morning, she thought. Too embarrassed and not knowing what to do, she put her head down and quickened her steps as she hurried to their apartment.
At the apartment, there was evidence that Jonathan had already been there. When did he get home? Why didn’t he let me know he was coming home early? she wondered. She heard the front door of the shop downstairs open and close and Jonathan’s footsteps coming up the stairs.
“Hi! Have you missed me?” he asked, sporting a big smile and acting as if he was just getting home from school.
“Johnny, when did you get home?” Not giving him a chance to answer, she blurted, louder than intended,“I can tell you have already been here.”
He noticed a little quiver in her voice and anger in her eyes. This was a side of sweet Isla he hadn’t seen before.
“About an hour ago.”
“You’re a liar!” she screamed.
He stepped back. What does she know?
“I saw you at the bad house!” she yelled at him, shaking her finger in the air.
The bad house, thought Jonathan with a smirk and started to laugh. He stepped toward her, grabbing her right arm with a tight grip and jabbing his finger on her chest, hard enough to force her to take a few steps backward. He shouted, “Just because we are married and you are carrying my child, don’t think you can tell me where I can or cannot go!” Poking her again and again on her chest, he said angrily, “Remember this. I only married you because you are pregnant.”
Released from his grasp, Isla crumbled to the floor, sobbing. He turned his back on her and left. She heard the shop door slam. This was their first argument, and she was surprised at herself for yelling at him and his angry retaliation. It scared her. She knew she was in a bad situation. I’m going to have to learn to control my temper, she thought. I want to be a good wife.
Getting control of herself, she stood up, brushed off the front of her dress and went to the bathroom mirror to see what a sight she was. Washing her face and patting her hair in place, she decided when Jonathan returned she would be more loving, hoping they could put this argument behind them.
Jonathan returned in two hours. Where has he been? she wondered. But she wasn’t going to ask. The smell of liquor was on his breath, but she didn’t mention it. Dinner was ready, but not a word was spoken while they ate.
When they went to bed, Jonathan reached over to Isla and pulled her close. “I’m sorry, I yelled at you,” he said.
“I’m sorry I screamed at you,” she said softly, burrowing her head in his chest. He took her head in his hands and kissed her. That was all she needed; she melted. I will never fight with him again, but what was he doing at the bad house?
CHAPTER FIVE

Dear Jessie:

I have exciting news. Jonathan and I are married. We had a lovely ceremony at his aunt’s house the day after Thanksgiving. It was a rush because he wanted to get married before he went back to school. I’m so happy and in love.
I hope you and your parents are doing well.

I miss you,
Isla

***

Dear Isla:

Congratulations! I’m glad you found love. Things are not so good here. My mother passed away last month. She had been sick for such a long time. I’m glad to see that her suffering is over.
My dad is hardly ever home. I suppose he is still grieving. He might be in deep depression.
I wish you were here. I miss you and could use a friend.

Jessie

***

During the Christmas holiday, Isla moved back to the apartment with Jonathan, and they both helped his mother in the shop. The shop had been decorated for the holidays following Thanksgiving. Isla bought a small Christmas tree for the apartment. It was their first Christmas together, and she was in the holiday spirit.
Christmas Eve was spent at the Taylors’ house; they tried to make the best of the situation. Mr. Taylor hardly spoke to Isla. Christmas Day was at Mama’s, where they exchanged gifts. Isla gave Jonathan a matching knitted scarf, hat, and gloves. Jonathan handed Isla a small wrapped box.
“Oh, my!” she said. “This is exciting.” When she opened the present, she was delighted to see a gold heart-shaped locket. “Jonathan, it’s beautiful. I will cherish this forever.”She took it out of the box and handed it to Jonathan. “Will you put it on me?” He silently took the locket, placed it around her neck, and fastened it in the back. She turned and kissed him on the cheek.
Isla enjoyed every minute she had with Jonathan, but two weeks was not long enough, and it was time for him to return to college. “I’ll miss you while you’re gone,” said Isla, hugging him before he left the apartment. “It will be four months before I see you again.”Tears were starting to form in her eyes.
Jonathan was moved that she loved him so much and tried to be compassionate. “I know. I’ll miss you too,” he forced himself to say, hugging her back, and then he was out the door.
The next day, Isla gathered her things and moved back to Mama’s until Jonathan returned for spring vacation.

***

“Were the holidays too much of a rush for you, dear?” Mama asked, noticing Isla’s sadness as they set the table for dinner.
“Not really, but Jonathan and I hardly had any time alone while we were working at the shop and with all the Christmas festivities. Married life is not quite what I expected.”Where is all the affection he once showed me? she wondered. Maybe it’s because I’m pregnant.
“Once the baby gets here and he graduates, I’m sure things will be different,” Amy said, trying to be encouraging.
Isla spent the next four months working at the shop during the day and knitting baby clothes and blankets at night. It was soon time for Jonathan to come home for two weeks during Easter, and Isla returned to the apartment.
Once home, Jonathan occasionally gave Isla a kiss on the cheek or forehead, nothing more. Despite being eight months pregnant, she would have liked him to be more affectionate. A little cuddling at night would have been nice, but at bedtime, he turned his back on her and went to sleep.
“Can I go to your graduation and meet some of your friends?” Isla asked Jonathan before he went back to college.
“I’d like you there, but my parents have paid for my education, and it is a day they have been looking forward to,” he said. “I think my mother will want you to run the shop while they attend my graduation.” Jonathan had previously asked his mother to tell Isla that she needed her to stay behind to take care of Rosa’s. Isla was disappointed but pleased that Mrs. Taylor trusted her enough to leave her in charge.
The baby was due the first week in June, about the same time Jonathan would graduate from college. She hoped he would be home in time for the birth. Isla was counting the days.

***

“How was graduation?” Isla asked Mrs. Taylor when she returned to the shop.
“We are very proud of Jonathan,” she responded.
“Will he be home today?” Isla asked.
“No. He wants to spend the weekend celebrating with his friends. It will be the last time they will be together.”
Without saying a word, Isla returned to her work. Doesn’t he know our baby is about due? she thought. I want him home.
Jonathan had graduated on Thursday, and Isla returned to the apartment on Friday thinking he would be back over the weekend.
The following Tuesday he hadn’t come home yet. Where is he? Isla wondered. I’m so lonely without him, but I’m not going to ask or say anything. I don’t want another argument.
Tuesday night, Isla heard Jonathan coming up the apartment stairs. “Johnny, I’ve been waiting for you. What took you so long?” she said, standing at the top of stairs, trying to keep her voice at a normal tone as she went to give him a hug.
There she goes again, questioning me. Jonathan had been drinking all weekend, and now he had a hangover and was tired. I didn’t come home to listen to a nagging wife. I’m tired and want to go to bed, alone. He gave her a limp hug, and she backed away, questioning his lack of affection.
“Johnny, do you realize I’ve been waiting for you for five days? I’m so lonely when you are gone,” she said, pushing out her bottom lip to make a pouty look, hoping he would feel sorry for her.
Putting his hands on her shoulders, he pushed her away, “I don’t need this from you. I’m tired; I want to go to bed.”
“You’re tired because you’ve been drinking with your friends, not caring about me at all,” said Isla, raising her voice in an accusing manner. “You probably came home earlier and have been at the bad house again!”
“Bad house!” he shouted. “Grow up, Isla. You know what goes on there. If you don’t, you’re more stupid than I thought. Anyway, why would I be in a hurry to come home to you? Just look at yourself; you’re fat and your face is puffy!” he said, raising his voice, throwing up his arms.
“What do you expect? I’m pregnant!” she shouted back, still standing near the top of the apartment stairs.
Jonathan moved toward her and started poking her chest. She backed up, and he kept pushing. “It better be a boy, or I’m through with you.” He poked her harder and harder.
“Stop pushing me!” she yelled, backing up until she was near the top of the stairway.
Isla lost her balance and fell backward.
“Isla! Isla!” Jonathan shouted as he reached out to grab her, but he was not fast enough to stop her fall.
She tumbled and tumbled, finally lying still at the bottom of the stairs. It happened so fast that she didn’t even yell out.
“Isla! Isla!” he kept shouting, rushing down the stairs after her. She was holding her stomach, trying to protect her baby.
“The baby, the baby,” she cried. “You’ve hurt our baby,” she said, looking up at him as the tears streamed down her cheeks.
“No, Isla, the baby will be all right. I’m so sorry. You know I didn’t mean this to happen.” There was panic in his voice as he reached out to hold her hand. He was afraid to try to lift her.
“You better get some help; I think the baby is coming,” she said in agony, doubling up in a ball.
Not sure what to do first, Jonathan called the operator from the shop phone and asked to be connected to his mother. “Mom! Mom!” he yelled into the phone. “Isla lost her balance and fell down the apartment stairs!”
“Oh! No! How’s the baby?”
“I don’t know. I think the baby is coming!” He was out of breath.
“Try to stay calm. Stay with her, and I’ll call our friend Bruce who lives near the shop. He has a car and can take you and Isla to the hospital. Call the operator and get a hold of Dr. Olson. Tell him about Isla’s fall and that you are taking her straight to the hospital. I’ll go by and pick up Isla’s mother, and we’ll meet you there.”
Jonathan returned to Isla and told her someone was coming with a car to take them to the hospital. He could tell by the look on her face and the way she was holding her stomach, that they didn’t have much time.
“I’m going to call Dr. Olson and tell him to meet us at the hospital.” He put a pillow under her head and found a blanket to cover her up.
“Tell him to hurry!” Her voice was weak; contractions had started.
Mama was sitting on her couch, knitting, while she and Amy were listening to the radio when she heard a knock on her front door. Opening the door, she found Mrs. Taylor standing there. Seeing the look on her face, Mama knew something must be wrong.
Before she could ask, Mrs. Taylor said, “It’s Isla. She fell down the stairs at the apartment. Jonathan is taking her to the hospital; we can meet them there.”
Without saying a word, Mama grabbed her coat and purse. “Get your coat,” she said to Amy. “We’re going to the hospital. Isla fell down the stairs.”
On their way, Mrs. Taylor said, sounding apologetic,“ I always meant to put a gate at the top of the stairs but never got around to it.”
Jonathan was sitting in the hall outside the delivery room when they arrived. Seeing his mother, Mrs. Warren, and Amy, he went to them and proceeded to explain.“Isla was going down to the shop to get some sewing and lost her balance.” Before he could tell them more, the doctor came out of the delivery room.
“Are you Isla’s husband?” asked the doctor.
“Yes,” responded Jonathan.
“Isla is going to be okay. But, the fall caused too much trauma to the baby. The baby was still-born.”
Mama broke into sobs, holding on to Amy to keep from collapsing. Jonathan stood numb, motionless, with a bewildered look on his face. His mother put her arms around him, to console him.
“It was a boy. You can go in and see your wife now,” said the doctor. “I’m sorry for your loss.”
Jonathan and Mama went into Isla’s room, while Amy and Mrs. Taylor waited in the hall. Isla turned her head away from Jonathan; she wouldn’t look at him. Mama reached over to hug her, and they cried softly together.
“I’ll be right outside,” said Mama after a few minutes. “You probably need some time together.”
“Isla, I’m so sorry,” said Jonathan. She turned to look at him, and he saw a combination of anger and despair in her eyes, but she didn’t say a word. “I didn’t realize I was pushing you that hard. I certainly didn’t mean to harm you or the baby.”
Isla was silent, letting him wallow in his apology. Before she moved to turn her back on him, she said, “Looks like you got your boy.”
“I’ll make this up to you.” He waited for a response. Knowing there wasn’t going to be any, he returned to the hallway and told everyone that Isla was tired and wanted to sleep.
“I’m just going to tell her good-night,” said Mama, going back into Isla’s room. “Are you okay, dear?” she asked when she entered. Isla was still lying on her side with her back toward the door. “I’ll be back in the morning. You get your rest.” Mama patted her on the shoulder and waited a minute to see if Isla would respond. She decided Isla was asleep and left.
Isla was glad her mother was there, but she felt all alone in her grief.
After Isla was released from the hospital, she went to Mama’s to convalesce for a few weeks. Mama noticed that Isla was withdrawn, which seemed understandable after losing her baby.
Two weeks passed, and it was time for Isla to return to the apartment with Jonathan to resume her role as his wife.
CHAPTER SIX
Amy and Rod’s wedding plans were in place, and he confirmed he had a job waiting for him at his uncle’s company in Texas. Their wedding was held at the church Mama and the girls attended. Mama made the wedding cake, and Isla made Amy’s wedding gown. It was white organza with a pearl beaded bodice. She wore elbow length-gloves and a shoulder-length veil. Her bouquet was a cascade of white roses with white ribbons.
“You look like a princess,” Isla told Amy, just before she walked down the aisle.
Rod’s sister and two other bridesmaids’ dresses were lavender chiffon with cap sleeves. Isla’s dress was darker lavender. Isla added beading to the bridesmaids’ dresses to coordinate with hers. All the girls wore wrist-length white gloves and carried a mixture of white and lavender flowers with ribbon streamers. Rod’s six-year-old niece was the flower girl.
The men wore black tuxedos with lavender boutonnieres, except Rod, whose boutonniere was white. Rod’s friend from school was his best man. Out of courtesy to Isla, Jonathan was one of the attendants.
The seventy-five guests stood up when the wedding march played, and Mama escorted Amy down the aisle. Giving her daughter’s hand in marriage to Rod, Mama could see by the look on his face he adored Amy and couldn’t wait to grab her and plant a big kiss on her.
“You look beautiful,” Rod mouthed.
The wedding was everything that Isla had wished her wedding ceremony would have been, but there was no sense in looking back. Isla was thrilled for Amy’s happiness and wished her father was still alive to give her sister away. Isla’s life was off to an arduous start, and she would never wish that on anyone else.
After the ceremony, Isla hugged Amy, not wanting to let go. She kissed her sister and Rod good-bye. Isla, Mama, Rod’s family, and all their friends saw them off to Texas as they threw rice. Rod’s friends had tied tin cans to the back of his car.
“Please don’t cry,” Amy said, hugging Mama.
“They are happy tears,” Mama responded.
“You stop that, too,” Amy said to Isla, seeing tears running down her cheeks.
“It’s just that we don’t know when we will see you again,” said Isla.
“I’m going to miss you, too,” said Amy. The sisters hugged. “We’ll just have to plan a visit with each other.”

***

Shaeffer Pen opened a factory not far from the Taylors home.
“Jonathan, we have a position available for you in the main office at Shaeffer’s now that you have graduated,” his father told him.
“That’s what I hoped for,” said Jonathan. “Thanks, Dad. I’m ready to start right away.”
“You can start on Monday, and you can ride to work with me. I’ll pick you up at eight in the morning.”
“I’ll be ready.”
A year passed, and Isla and Jonathan continued to live in the apartment above the shop.
There had been a short spark of life between them during Amy’s wedding, but it didn’t take long for Isla to sink back into depression. She still mourned the loss of the baby. Her life with Jonathan was a façade, which she didn’t admit to anyone.
Jonathan worked long hours or said he did. Several nights a week, Isla would eat dinner at Mama’s because Jonathan wouldn’t come home until later. When Isla did cook, she ate alone. She saved a plate for Jonathan in case he was hungry when he arrived home. She never asked where he had been or why he was late.
One night after returning home, Jonathan was listening to the news on the radio while Isla embroidered. He turned to Isla and asked, “Isla, it’s been over a year. Are you ever going to forgive me?”
“Forgive you? For what? You said it was an accident and you were sorry.” She didn’t look up from her handiwork.
“I know, but we hardly talk.”
Putting her embroidery down and looking at him expressionlessly, she said, “I thought that was the way you liked our life. I know you don’t love me the way I loved you. I have learned this is how our marriage is. Never expect too much, and you’ll never be disappointed. If there is something more you want from me as your wife, let me know and I’ll comply.” Jonathan didn’t respond and Isla returned to her needlework. No, Jonathan, I will never forgive you, she thought to herself.
Isla’s love for Jonathan was gone, and she had become bitter. Their infrequent intimate times together were one-sided. Isla looked at their lovemaking as a duty of a wife.
Working at Rosa’s, Isla only did what was required. Her artistic desire was gone. Several times Mrs. Taylor tried to talk to her about losing the baby, but Isla quickly stopped the conversation by telling her, “I don’t want to talk about it.”
Another year passed, and Isla became pregnant again. Once again she seemed happy. She was slowly returning to her old self, and her creative spirit was coming back.
“I’m glad to hear you are pregnant. It seems to agree with you,” said Mrs. Taylor. “Have you started designing again?”
“Yes, I’m beginning to feel creative once more.”
“If you have designs I can sell here at the shop, I’ll be glad to buy the fabric of your choice. I can feature your dresses as originals, and we can charge a premium price.”
“That’s wonderful. I’ll bring in some sketches tomorrow.”
Mrs. Taylor gave Isla a percentage of her sales, plus her regular wage. Isla secretly stashed the extra money away for her and her baby.
Jonathan received several promotions and was making a good salary. He decided it was time to treat himself and get his own transportation.
Isla heard Jonathan call her from the back of the shop, “Isla, come and see what I’ve bought.” He was excited about his new purchase. She opened the back door, and there it was, a motorcycle. “Isn’t it beautiful?” he exclaimed, puffing out his chest. The only thing missing was a Tarzan yell.
She was speechless, thinking, Not a practical purchase for someone with a wife and a child on the way. She looked at him and then back at the motorcycle.“Are you going to buy a sidecar for the baby and me?” she said sharply.
“I bought this for transportation to and from work.”
“I’m sure you will look quite dapper on your motorcycle,” she said and went back inside the shop. As usual, he is only thinking of himself, she thought.
Feeling a twinge of guilt, Jonathan felt like he needed to do something for Isla to compensate for buying the motorcycle. It was true, he wasn’t in love with her, but he respected her, and he felt guilty about the loss of their first-born.
“You have to take responsibility as a family man,” Jonathan’s father had told him when he heard they were expecting again. “You have been given a second chance, so make the Taylor family proud.”
“I’m not happy about Isla being pregnant again, but I’ll be more responsible this time,” Jonathan responded. I guess I’ve backed myself into a corner again, he had thought. I’ll do what is expected of me.
The next month after payday, Jonathan hurried home. “Isla, I have a surprise for you,” he said standing with his hands behind his back.
“Really, Jonathan. I’ve had enough surprises to last me a lifetime. Sit down or your dinner will get cold,” she said, setting his dinner plate on the table.
“No, Isla, you are really going to like this.” He handed her a document titled, Rental Agreement.
Reaching for the paper, she asked, “What is this?”
“I’ve rented us an apartment a block from your mother’s.” He was all smiles.
“What?” She fell back in her chair, holding the paper in her hand.
“Read it. It has two bedrooms. The baby will have its own room.” He was so proud of himself.
“Oh, Jonathan! This is a surprise. A wonderful surprise.” Tears started to pool in her eyes.
The following month they settled in the new apartment. Isla kept busy making curtains, decorative pillows, and hanging a few pictures. The days were filled with joy as she prepared for her baby.
The baby was born in the spring. Trying to be a dutiful husband, Jonathan was at the hospital with Isla during the delivery of their little girl. Isla named her seven pounds of joy Franny.
Standing stood next to Isla’s bed after the baby was born, Jonathan said, “Look, her hair is black just like mine,” he remarked.
“I think it is going to be curly like mine,” said Isla. “If it’s all right with you, I think I will go to Mama’s for a week or two to rest. She will help me with Franny. I know she has been anxious about the baby.”
Jonathan went to see Isla and his new baby a few times. “Don’t you think it’s time to bring the baby home?” he asked.
Maybe things will change with the new baby, Isla hoped. Maybe Jonathan will settle down, be a good father, and become a family man. Maybe I can rekindle my love for him.
In less than a month, Jonathan’s late nights returned.

***

Franny was six months old, and Jonathan had not stepped up to the role of a father or a faithful husband. Isla’s hopes were gone.
“Jonathan, you are a father now, and it’s time you start behaving like one,” said Isla as they sat at the breakfast table on a Saturday morning. Jonathan was recovering from his late night, still reeking of alcohol.
“What do you mean?” Jonathan asked angrily. “What do you want me to do?”He stood up from the breakfast table with such a start it made the dishes rattle. “I bring home a good paycheck, and provide for you and Franny,” he said and started to leave.
“Just wait a minute. Don’t you walk away from me!” said Isla. She stood up and grabbed his arm with a tight grip to stop him. “We need to settle a few things.”
He stopped, looked at her hand on his arm, and gave her a glare. “Are you going to start telling me what to do?” he asked and yanked his arm away from her.
“If we’re going to stay married, you have to stop your drinking and late nights. I will not raise my daughter in a house of disrespect. Franny needs a father to be proud of. If I have to raise Franny on my own, so be it,” Isla said angrily as she unconsciously twisted the ends of her apron.
“I’m not going to listen to this anymore.” Jonathan left, letting the door slam shut.
An hour later, he returned, packed up his belongings, and moved back to the apartment above Rosa’s. The marriage was over.

***

“Isla, why don’t you and Franny move back home,” Mama said after Isla told her that Jonathan had moved out. “I could help with Franny while you work, and you could help me with Sunday dinners.”
“I’d like that, Mama. Mrs. Taylor has been nice enough to let me take Franny to work with me, but the only time I get anything done is when she naps.” Thinking of the advantages of moving home, Isla said, “I probably could bring the alterations home. I’ll talk to Mrs. Taylor about working part-time.”
Isla proposed the new arrangement to Mrs. Taylor. “If you can come to the shop once a week to do alterations, I think that would work,” agreed Mrs. Taylor. She was not surprised that Isla and Jonathan were separating. She never felt Isla was right for her son.
“Would it be all right if I continued to display my dress designs on consignment?” asked Isla.
“Yes. I like the idea of having originals in my shop.”
It was settled: Isla and Franny moved to Mama’s. It was Christmas time, and Mama had the boarding house decorated for the holidays. It’s good to be home, thought Isla.
Although Franny was Mrs. Taylor’s only grandchild, they had not bonded. Perhaps, it was because of the circumstances of Isla and Jonathan’s marriage. Mrs. Taylor was busy with her shop, and she didn’t get involved with Jonathan’s personal life, nor did he ever ask her for any motherly advice.
Taking the money from her savings account, Isla met with a lawyer to have the divorce papers drawn up. Jonathan was not surprised when Isla told him she was having the documents prepared. He knew Isla wanted a separation, and as far as he was concerned, he was more than ready to be single again.
The next time Isla went to Rosa’s, she asked Mrs. Taylor to tell Jonathan to come by Mama’s because she had the divorce papers ready to sign.
Jonathan didn’t waste any time. A few days later, he stopped by after work. “Good afternoon, Mrs. Warren. Is Isla here?”
“She’s in the kitchen, feeding Franny,” said Mama.
He could smell the sweet scent of bread baking in the oven. I’m going to miss Mama’s cooking, he thought.
Following Mama to the kitchen, he said, “Hello, Isla. I’m here to sign the divorce papers.” He went over to Franny and tickled her under the chin. She giggled and smiled back at him. There was little discussion. Jonathan signed the papers.
“Aren’t you going to read it?” asked Isla.
“No. I agree with whatever you want to do.”
“There isn’t any visitation schedule,” she said. “If you want to see Franny, you know where we live. I’m not asking for any financial support; I can take care of myself.” It was easy to hear the bitterness in her voice.
Mrs. Taylor was periodically generous with gifts for Franny and frequently added a little extra to Isla’s check. Jonathan was never around on days Isla reported to work, nor did Mrs. Taylor speak of him to Isla during their general conversations.

***

Dear Jessie:

I had a baby girl eight months ago. Her name is Franny. She has made my life complete. I wish you could see her. Amy is married and has moved to Texas with her husband. Franny and I have moved back to live with Mama.
If you haven’t guessed, Jonathan and I are divorced. It is for the best. I don’t think he was ever happy being a married man. He loves the social life too much.
I love you, Jessie. You have been a good friend.

Isla

***

Dear Isla:

I’m happy to hear about Franny, but I’m sorry to hear about your divorce. If you are okay with it, it’s meant to be.
My father was useless during mother’s illness and has disappeared since she passed away, which has caused a strain between us. I’m glad I have my Catholic faith, and the nuns have been a wonderful support.
I’ve made a life-changing decision. I’m going to join the convent.
I love you, Isla, and wish you happiness.

Jessie

***

Mama was sitting at the kitchen table, opening a letter, when Isla walked in to get an afternoon snack.
“You are not going to believe this,” said Mama, astonished by what she had just read.
“What is it, Mama?” asked Isla, seeing the puzzled look on her face.
“You will never guess who this letter is from.”
“Is it from Amy and Rod?”
“No, it’s from Mr. Whitman,” she said as she dropped the letter in her lap, still a little stunned to hear from him.
Isla was curious and frowned as she took a seat next to Mama at the kitchen table. “What does he have to say? Is anything wrong with Jessie?”
“No. Jessie is fine. He is going to move to Fort Madison in June and is wondering if I have a room available.”
“Jessie said in her last letter she was joining the convent, and her father hasn’t been the same since her mother died,” said Isla. “Maybe he needs a change to get on with his life.”
“I know firsthand how devastating it can be to lose the one you love,” said Mama. She sat quietly, with her hands resting in her lap as her mind took her back to the loss of her husband.
“Isn’t one of the boarders moving out in July?” asked Isla, interrupting Mama’s thoughts. “Write Mr. Whitman back, and let him know you will have an opening then. He can decide if he wants to wait until then to take it.”
“Well, it would be good not to have a vacant room. I’ll let him know.”
Smiling, Isla left the room to tend to Franny. She thought, It will be nice to see Mr. Whitman again.
CHAPTER SEVEN
After Mr. Whitman’s wife passed away and his daughter joined the convent, he felt like he needed a change of scenery. He was in law enforcement and requested a transfer to the Iowa State Penitentiary, located in Fort Madison. His transfer was approved, and he waited patiently to hear back from Mrs. Warren.
Mama sent a letter to him that she would have a vacant room the first of July.

***

Dear Jessie:

How are you doing? I hope all is well.
I don’t know if you have talked to your father lately, but he is moving to Fort Madison. He wrote to Mama and asked if she had a room to rent. There will have a room available the first of July. I hope he can make accommodations until the one room becomes vacant.
Both Mama and I would welcome him as a boarder.

Missing you,
Isla

***

Dear Isla:

It is good to hear from you. I’m doing fine. I hope all is well with both you and your mother. How is Franny doing? I’m sure she is growing like a weed. Please send me a picture.
I haven’t spoken to my father for quite some time. What you are telling me is good news. I know he was always fond of you, and it would give me peace to know he is with friends. I think he has been lonely and depressed since mother’s passing.

Much love to you and your family,
Jessie.

***

Mr. Whitman moved in the first of July, insisting that they call him Jake. Franny took to him right away. She giggled every time Jake picked her up, which made Isla happy. It was good to have a male boarder, especially because he was willing to help with repairs around the house. Isla thought he had romantic feelings for Mama.
Franny was two years old and a happy child. There was a lot of laughter around the house. Jake was a good addition to their home. As far as Isla was concerned, Franny had close to a normal family, with Jake filling in as her father. She called him “Boo-Boo” because he played hide-and-seek with her and said “Boo!” when he found her.
Isla was busy with her sewing projects and dress designs. Living at Mama’s had worked out for her and Franny, but she had concerns about Mama’s health. Lately, Mama seemed to tire easily. With a little coaxing, Isla talked her into seeing the doctor.
“Perhaps you just need some tonic medicine to give you energy,” Isla told Mama on the way to the doctor’s.
“Maybe so. Anyway, it’s a good idea to have a checkup.”
The doctor ran some tests and instructed Mama to come back in a week for the results. When she returned, he asked, “How are you feeling today, Mrs. Warren?”
“I’m feeling about the same. I’m so tired.”
“I’ve studied your tests, and it appears you have pneumonia.”
“But I haven’t had a cold.”
“You can get pneumonia without having a cold, Mrs. Warren,” he told her. “I want you to go home and go to bed. I’ll come by to see you in two weeks.”
“I have a boarding house to run. I can’t go to bed.”
“I’m going to talk with Isla. She will have to take over your daily duties,” he said, giving her a solemn look. “This could become serious if you don’t follow my instruction.”
Isla assured Mama that she and Jake could handle the household chores. She took on the responsibility of the daily meals for the boarders and continued to serve the Sunday dinners. Jake helped Isla in the evenings and on weekends.
Mama didn’t seem to be getting better. She slept a lot. When the doctor came for his two-week visit, he decided to put her in the hospital. At the end of the following week, there was no improvement.
“I’m going to release your mother to return home,” the doctor told Isla.
“But she is so weak,” Isla said with concern.
“I know. Just make her comfortable.” The doctor put his hand on Isla’s shoulder and sympathetically said, “I’ll make a weekly house call to check on her.”
Six months later, during one of his house calls, he could hear that Mama’s lungs were filling with fluid.
Before the doctor left, he told Isla, “There is not much more I can do. She doesn’t have the strength to get out of bed. Just keep her comfortable.”
It was time to let Amy know, so Isla wrote to her telling how sick Mama was. Amy wrote back and said she would make arrangements to come home.
One evening, Mama summoned Jake to her bedside. “Jake, I want you to promise me something,” she said in a weakened voice.
“Anything. You know how much I care for you and your family,” he responded, sitting by her bedside as he held her hand.
“I want you to take care of Isla and Franny after I’m gone.” She paused and took a labored breath. “Life has been difficult for Isla. I don’t want her to suffer anymore.” She smiled at Jake and squeezed his hand. “I know you care for her.”
Jake didn’t confirm or deny Mama’s comment about Isla. “Don’t worry. I’ll take good care of both of them. I can give them a good life,” he promised.
“Thank you, Jake,” she said, once again squeezing his hand. Giving him a faint smile, she asked, “Would you please get Isla for me?” Her voice was just a murmur. Her breathing was deep and intermittent. Jake kissed her on the forehead and went to the kitchen to get Isla.
Isla was finishing up the dinner dishes when Jake put his hand on her shoulder. “Your mother is asking for you.” Isla could tell by the look on his face that Mama’s time was short.
She went to her mother’s bedside and knelt next to the bed, laying her head on Mama’s lap. Mama patted Isla on the side of her head and slowly stroked her hair.
“Look at me, Isla,” said Mama.
“Yes, Mama.”
She put her hand under Isla’s chin and lifted Isla’s head. She saw tears pouring from her daughter’s eyes.
“Now, now. Let’s see a smile,” she said after a pause. “I want you to know I just had a talk with Jake. I asked him to take care of you and Franny.” She stopped and took a deep breath. Isla waited for her to continue. “Jake promised me he would.”
“Oh, Mama, don’t talk that way.”
“I’ve willed the house to you. If you need to sell it to get a new start, it’s okay.” She patted Isla’s hand and closed her eyes for the final time. Isla sat by her mother’s bedside for over an hour, not wanting to accept she was gone. Mama passed away at 6 p.m. on March 12, 1921. She was fifty-years-old.

***

Amy arrived in time for Mama’s funeral. Mama was laid to rest next to her husband, Andy, in the only graveyard in Fort Madison. Amy stayed a week with Isla and then returned to Texas. She was four months pregnant with her first child.
“I wish we lived closer. I would like to be with you when you have your baby, but I can’t leave the boarding house,” Isla said with a sigh. “I’m really going to miss Mama.”
“I’m glad Mama left you the house, though I know it might be a burden without her,” said Amy. “Mr. Whitman seems to be very helpful, and he’s so good with Franny.” Amy gave Isla a look as if to say, I know what’s going on.
“Don’t give me that look,” Isla said with a smile. “He is just a good friend and a great help around the house.”
“Well, I’m glad he’s here for you. I have to leave in the morning, and it’s good you are not going to be alone.”
After Amy left, Isla stood in the kitchen, pondering if she should discontinue with the boarding house and Sunday dinners. Mama, I miss you, and I don’t know how you managed all that had to be done. I have such little time to sew anymore. Maybe I should close the boarding house and try to build my dressmaking clientele. I think I’ll discuss it with Jake.
One night after dinner and Franny had gone to bed, Jake was listening to the radio and Isla was doing some hand-sewing. “Jake, I need to make a decision, and I need your help,” said Isla.
Jake gave her a concerned look. “About what?”
“Keeping up with the boarding house, the Sunday dinners, Franny, and my dressmaking is more than I can handle. Dressmaking is my passion. I would like to close the boarding house and expand my sewing clientele. What do you think?”
Jake joined her on the couch and put his arm around her shoulders. “I have a good job, Isla, and I make enough money to take care of the monthly household expenses. If you would like to close the boarding house, I think that would be just fine,” he replied with a smile.
“Thank you, Jake. I hate to ask you, but I could use your help. It will only be temporary. Since Mama’s illness, I have limited my dressmaking clientele. Without the additional chores of the boarding house, I will have more time to take on new customers and soon will be able to handle things on my own.”
“Everything will work out okay. I’m glad to help out.”
“It’s only temporary,” Isla reminded him.
Isla served one more Sunday dinner and let the patrons know it was her last. Other than Jake, there was only one boarder, a teacher, who would be leaving the end of the school year. Then it would be just her, Franny, and Jake in the house.

***

Isla received a telegram from Amy. She hoped it was the news she was waiting for.

DEAR ISLA, WE’VE HAD A BABY BOY. HE WEIGHS 7 POUNDS. WE NAMED HIM TOM. WE ARE DOING FINE. LOVE YOU. HOPE TO SEE YOU SOON. AMY.

***

As time passed, Isla, Franny, and Jake became a family. Isla’s clientele didn’t increase as she had anticipated. With Franny under-foot, her dressmaking time was still limited. As Jake had predicted, his income, plus the little money Isla made, was enough to meet their monthly expenses.
Mama had been gone for one year. I think it’s time to totally commit to the promise I made to Mama, Jake thought. I wonder if she knew I was in love with Isla all this time. I have proved I can be a good provider. I hope Isla will learn to love me back.
It was Saturday, and the three had spent the day at the park. They had finished dinner, and Isla had put Franny to bed. When she returned to the living room, Jake motioned for her to sit next to him.
“Isla, do you know about the promise I made to your mother?” he asked. Isla looked at him with a confused expression. “I promised her I would always take care of you and Franny. I’m concerned about your reputation and the gossip about the three of us living here together.”
“I know. I have heard the whispers when I’m shopping, and some of my customers have asked inappropriate questions about you,” she replied. Looking at him, she wasn’t sure where he was going with the conversation.
“I love you, Isla. I think we should get married.” Getting down on one knee, taking both her hands in his, he asked, “Isla, will you marry me?” There was a pause as Jake waited for her answer.
Surprised by the proposal, Isla didn’t answer right away. She thought, Do I love him like I loved Jonathan? No. But where did that kind of love get me? Jake is a wonderful, kind man. Yes, he is older, but I know he will take care of Franny and me. I want someone to be a father to Franny, and she adores him. He is a good man, and I am fond of him. I suppose I could learn to love him.
“Isla, please marry me. Let me be a real father to Franny,” he pleaded.
As far as Isla was concerned, he had just said the perfect words. Let me be a real father to Franny. She didn’t want Franny to live without a father in her life.
She looked at him and said, “Yes, Jake, I’ll marry you.”
Getting up from his kneeling position, Jake took Isla in his arms and kissed her for the first time. For Isla, there were no fireworks, but Jake beamed as if he had been named “Man of the Year.”
They were married on May 3, 1922, by the justice of the peace, with Franny standing by her mother’s side. Isla was twenty-five years old, and Jake was forty-four.

***

Dear Jessie:

Sorry, it’s been so long since I have written. Sad news is that Mama passed away. Good news is - I hope you are sitting down -your father and I are married. He was so wonderful during mother’s illness, and he is a good father for Franny. I have learned to depend on him for everything.
I hope we have your blessings.

Thinking of you often,
Isla

***

Franny looked forward to Jake coming home from work for their play time. He had been working more overtime and coming home late. Isla knew she had settled for companionship and stability. She felt Jake was a man she could count on.
She fed Franny while she waited for Jake to come home. They had been married almost a year. Her mind wandered. When Mama was alive, Jake was always here to help out. But since we’ve married, his personality has changed in a subtle way. He says he is working longer hours for additional income for the family, but I never see any extra money. Maybe he is setting it aside in a savings account. He used to get up early on the weekends to tend to the household chores, but recently he has been sleeping later.
Jake seemed to have lost interest in the house, and repairs were being neglected. It was winter, and wood constantly needed to be carried in for cooking and heating the house.
“Jake, I hate to keep asking you, but would you please bring in some firewood?” asked Isla for the third time.
He didn’t say anything. He just put down his breakfast coffee cup and went outside to get the wood. After bringing it in, he dropped it into the wood box, making a loud bang.
Several times when Jake came home from doing errands on the weekends, or late from work, Isla could smell liquor on his breath. It had become evident to her that he was drinking. Isla wondered if he had been hiding a drinking problem all along.
One afternoon, Isla returned home from picking up some groceries, and she saw Jake going into the bad house. She was wiser now and knew what went on there. She was afraid to bring it up because she remembered what happened when she had questioned Jonathan. She hoped that it was a one-time visit. She decided to let it go this time.

***

The gambling riverboats along the Mississippi were docking more often at Fort Madison, and Jake had become a frequent customer. Some nights he didn’t get home until two or three in the morning. In the beginning, Isla never questioned him. She just acted like she was asleep when he came home.
Many times he was too hung over to go to work the next day. She waited for him to be in a better mood before she addressed the subject of his late nights and drinking. What she didn’t know was that a week ago he had been fired!
CHAPTER EIGHT
Every morning for the past two weeks, Jake had left the house pretending to go to work. He would spend the day walking in the park or down to the docks. He would talk to himself, trying to control his urge to board the paddlewheel boat. You don’t need to drink today, he would tell himself. Go to the store, and get a soda if you’re thirsty. He reached in his pocket and pulled out what little money he had left. By the afternoon he was on the river-boat. Maybe this is my lucky day. All I need is a few good hands, he told himself. Just one drink won’t hurt. Soon he was feeling confident he could improve his financial situation and was at the poker tables.
It was Thursday morning, and his money was gone. He knew he could not continue deceiving Isla. In his disheveled appearance, he went downstairs for breakfast. Isla was feeding Franny. He poured himself a cup of coffee and joined her at the table.
She noticed he was just staring into his coffee cup. “You are going to be late for work,” Isla said, nonchalantly.
“No hurry,” Jake said, not looking up. He could feel Isla staring at him. “I lost my job two weeks ago, and I’ve gambled away all of my last paycheck,” he blurted out, his head still bowed.
She couldn’t believe what he had just said. She paused, trying to remain calm. She wiped Franny’s face and hands and lifted her out of the high chair. Isla had learned from previous experiences that raising her voice or losing her temper was not a good approach. She could see how difficult it was for him to confess.
“What will we do? Can you get work somewhere else?” she asked as she put her hands on his. “Jake, I don’t make enough money to support our family.” He was silent. After getting up from the table, she turned her back on him and faced the sink. Still not raising her voice, but with a stern tone, Isla said, “You need to go upstairs, get dressed, and go look for a job.” She stood still and listened for him to leave.
Jake could feel himself falling back into depression, as he did when his first wife died. He didn’t have any answers and didn’t know what to do to fix his situation. He stood up from the table and went upstairs. Isla thought he was taking her direction and getting ready to go out and look for work. An hour passed, and Jake hadn’t come back downstairs, so she went to see what was delaying him. Jake was in bed. He wasn’t asleep. He was just lying there, staring at the ceiling.
Annoyed, standing by the side of the bed, Isla asked, “What is wrong with you?”
Rolling over, he didn’t answer but turned his back on her. Maybe he is in shock about losing his job, and needs a little time, she thought. She left the room and went on with her daily routine. Maybe he will feel better this afternoon. Tomorrow he’ll look for work.
The next day Jake stayed in bed most of the day, only getting up long enough to eat. Isla remembered the letters Jessie had written to her about her father’s depression. This must be what’s going on, she thought.
That night, when they went to bed, Isla said to Jake, “Remember the promise you made to my mother, that you would take care of Franny and me?” She waited for him to acknowledge her, but he didn’t. “If you are going to live up to your promise, you need to get a job.”
“I know,” Jake finally said. “I’ll find a job tomorrow.” Then he rolled over and went to sleep.
The next morning he was up and dressed, ready to find work. He knew he couldn’t go back to the penitentiary and ask for his job back. They had fired him because of his drinking during the day. He had received several warnings, but the last day he returned from lunch an hour late, he was drunk.
Jake kissed Isla good-bye, saying, “Wish me luck.”
“I know you’ll find something today,” she said, giving him a hug.
Walking along the Mississippi river-bed, trying to decide where to look for work first, he thought, Maybe I could get a job on the loading docks. He stood looking at the dock workers. They are all so young, strong, and muscular. How could I ever keep up? He checked with the crew leader, and the answer was no. I’ll check with the railroad. The answer was no there, too. He soon found out that his reputation as a drunk with a gambling problem preceded him. The town was small enough that many had seen him drunk and spread the word. No one was willing to hire him.
He continued to look for work the rest of the week, but with no luck. In the meantime, Isla had written Amy, telling her that Jake had lost his job, and she didn’t know what to do. Amy wrote back to tell her that Rod was being transferred to Los Angeles, California, and they were moving the following week. She suggested that Isla and her family move to California.
“Amy wrote me a letter asking us to move to Los Angeles,” Isla told Jake at dinner, trying to sound encouraging. “There might be work there. It would be a fresh start.”
“I don’t know. California is so far away.” Jake sounded despondent.
“The house is paid for, and Mama told me if I wanted to, I could sell it. We could take the money from the house and move to California. Please, Jake,” she said, reaching for his hand. “Amy said we could stay with them until you find work. I would love to live near my sister. It would be a new beginning.”
Jake hesitated at first. It might work, he thought. There certainly isn’t any work for me in Fort Madison. He finally agreed. “Maybe you’re right, and we need a new beginning. I’ll contact someone to handle the sale of the house.” He didn’t waste any time and sold his car to cover his unpaid gambling debts, which left just enough money for train fare to California.

***

It was a happy reunion at the Los Angeles train station in California when Isla, Jake, and Franny, were met by Amy and her family. The two sisters gave each other a long hug, so happy to be together again. Amy’s husband drove as she chatted about living in California. Tom, sitting next to Amy, fell asleep. Franny slept peacefully on Jake’s lap as he sat in silence.
“I can’t believe all the hills and tall mountains here,” said Isla looking, out the car window.
“I know. I didn’t realize how flat Iowa was until we moved here. Some days it’s so clear I think I can reach out and touch the mountains,” replied Amy.
Riding in silence Jake looked out the car window noticing all the industrial buildings in Los Angeles. Surely I can find work here, he thought.
Amy’s house in Pasadena was small, which made the living quarters for all of them tight. Franny was fussy when she woke up finding herself in a new environment. Isla soon managed to settle her down by cradling her in her arms in Amy’s rocker. It was late, so Jake and Rod went to bed, but Isla and Amy stayed up until the early hours of the morning, talking about what had transpired in their lives while they had been apart.
The first thing the following morning, Jake searched for work three days, but the only job he could find was a Fuller Brush salesman. The income was not sufficient to get an apartment and move from Amy’s, but it would have to do until something better came along.
After dinner and the kids were put to bed, the adults sat around the kitchen table talking as they enjoyed coffee and the apple pie that Amy had made that morning.
“I saw an ad for a night clerk at a gas station in Alhambra. Is that very far from here?” asked Jake.
“It’s about forty-five minutes. You can take the bus,” said Rod.
“I think I’ll check on it,” replied Jake.
Jake took the bus and met with the gas station owner the next day. He was hired. To cut back on the daily expense of bus fare, and with the permission of the owner, Jake spent the nights at the gas station once it was closed. He still sold Fuller Brushes during the day.
Every other weekend, Isla and Franny took the bus to visit Jake. He gave Isla his paycheck from the gas station and kept the money from the brush sales to live on. They opened up a savings account and gave a portion to Amy for groceries. Jake continued to look for something better and closer to home. It was difficult living separately from Isla and Franny
He had every other Sunday off and went home for a Sunday dinner. After dinner, Isla and Amy did the dishes while Jake and Rod continued sitting at the table.
“Jake, about how long have you been working at the gas station?” asked Rod
“It’s been about three months,” said Jake. “Being away from the family is getting old. I wish I could find something closer and with better pay.”
“I heard from one of the guys at work that the paper mill in Pomona is hiring.”
“How far is Pomona?”
“It’s about forty-five minutes east from here, but I think the pay would be more. The Greyhound bus goes to Pomona.”
Jake called his boss on Sunday night and told him he was sick and needed someone to take his shift Monday. The next morning, Jake took the Greyhound bus to Pomona. When he arrived at the paper mill, there was a long line of men looking for work. There were several openings, and Jake was hired to work in the shop area but had to start immediately. He called his boss at the gas station and apologized for not giving him any notice, but he couldn’t pass up the new job. With his first paycheck, he rented an apartment so he could move his family to Pomona, near the paper mill.
“I know we don’t have any furniture for our new apartment,” said Jake to Isla. “But all that’s important to me is that we are together.” He hugged Isla and brought Franny close to him.
Amy gave them an old bedroom set and kitchen table. From each paycheck, they bought another piece of furniture from secondhand stores.
It was winter when Isla received a telegram from the agent handling the sale of her mother’s house. It had sold, and she needed to return to Fort Madison to close the house and sign the final paperwork. Because of Jake’s new job, he couldn’t leave, so Isla and Franny caught the train and went without him.
It was exhausting closing the house alone and getting ready for the buyers. The house was cold, and Isla had to constantly carry wood inside to keep warm. She didn’t want Franny to get sick. There were a lot of items that carried sentimental value, but Isla had no choice but to sell everything she couldn’t take back on the train. It was easier to sell the furniture than to have it shipped to California.
It took thirty days, and then she turned the house over to the new owners. It was worth all the stress and hard work because now she had enough money for a down payment on a house in California. When she returned, she and Jake bought a small house in Pomona and a used car. Isla was content; her family was together again.

***

Jake had been on his job for six months. It didn’t take long for him to make friends at work.
“Hey, Jake!” yelled Eddie from across the shop as he walked toward him. When he was close, Eddie whispered, “After work on Friday, we have a poker game in the back. Do you want to join us?”
He hesitated and gave it some thought. “I would sure like to, but I have a wife and kid to feed. I don’t have any extra money for poker.” The temptation was gnawing at him. “Thanks for the invitation. Maybe some other time.” He knew his weakness and didn’t want to let Isla and Franny down again.
“Okay. Keep it in mind,” said Eddie, patting him on the back and walking away.
Isla slowly built her dressmaking clientele while she fixed up their new house. She stenciled flowers around the kitchen window, hand-painted the light switches, and crocheted doilies. She made her kitchen curtains and matching table placemats, and she hung a few pictures that she had cross-stitched. All my handmade items make my home look warm and inviting, she thought. She went over to the couch and rearranged the handmade pillows. She straightened out one of the dollies she had placed it under a vase of flowers on a small table next to Jake’s favorite chair.
When they bought the house, they made sure a school and grocery store were within walking distance. Lincoln grammar school was only two blocks away. Franny was turning six, and because of the move, she had a late start to kindergarten.
Isla loved making her school dresses. Franny had five new dresses with matching bloomers. Isla tied back Franny’s curls with a matching ribbon.
Work at the paper mill was good for Jake. After his second year, he was promoted to assistant shop foreman. Once again Eddie asked him to join in on the Friday night poker game. Feeling more comfortable about his financial situation, Jake weakened. Along with the gambling came the drinking. It didn’t take long for things to get out of hand. Neighbors saw Jake coming home in the early morning hours. It was rumored that he had a drinking problem.
Isla was never included in Jake’s social circle. She had heard about “speakeasies” in the south part of town, and she was sure that was where Jake went on Friday and Saturday nights.
Fearing Jake’s old behaviors were returning, Isla decided to talk to him about his drinking and late nights. She didn’t like to have that type of conversation with him when he was hung-over but could not keep silent any longer.
“Jake, you promised not to start drinking again. Our move to California was supposed to be a new start. You’ve been coming home on Friday and Saturday nights late and drunk. What kind of family life is that?” Isla waited for a response, but there wasn’t any. “I want more for us,” she continued. “I want a strong family man and a father Franny can be proud of. The neighbors see you come in early in the morning, and I’ve heard them gossiping.”
“What I do is none of the neighbors’ business,” said Jake, and he left the room. He wasn’t going to stand there and listen to Isla nag.
Jake kept his paychecks from Isla so she wouldn’t know how much he was gambling. Every time she brought up the subject, there was an argument. When Jake started yelling back at her, she would throw her arms up in surrender and walk away. She didn’t want Franny to hear them. After each argument, Jake promised to straighten up. It would last two weeks, but slowly he fell back into his bad habits.
Isla made sure the neighbors and people she met at church knew she was a seamstress. She needed to get more customers in case money became a problem. She wanted to be ready if the monthly expenses became her sole responsibility. Gossip about Jake’s drinking and gambling spread throughout the neighborhood. Some of the neighbors wouldn’t let their little girls play with Franny because her father was a drunk. There were birthday parties, but Franny was not invited. Isla felt hurt for Franny. She was embarrassed and aware that her daughter was being shunned because of Jake’s actions.
I can’t stand to have my daughter mistreated, she thought. It’s time to give Jake an ultimatum. One Sunday, when Isla came home from church, she found Jake sitting at the kitchen table. She had circled a notice on the back page of the church bulletin about an AA meeting on Monday night.
“Jake we can’t go on like this. Let’s face it, you have a drinking problem. It’s not fair to Franny and me to be punished for your doings. If you don’t get some help, I want you to move out,” she said and thrust the church bulletin into his hand.
Snapping back at her, he said, “I don’t have a drinking problem. I can stop anytime I want. Since when have you started to tell me what to do?” He wadded up the church bulletin and threw it on the floor. Then he went to his bedroom closet and threw a few things in a satchel. Isla heard the back screen door slam shut.
Going to the kitchen window, she saw Jake in the car as he shot out of the driveway. I wonder if he’s gone for good?

***

Maintaining a frugal lifestyle, Isla continued to build her life around Franny. Gradually she learned not to depend on any income from Jake. Her clientele consisted mostly of doctors’ wives. Despite the gossip, her customers were always polite. They pitied her raising a child on her own and having an alcoholic husband. Some of her customers were nice enough to give her a generous tip. In turn, if there was a short deadline to meet a client’s request, Isla stayed up most of the night to finish a dress. She was also known for her wedding gown designs and dresses for the brides’ attendants. Those projects were very demanding, but she loved the creativity, and it allowed her to do beading on the gowns, making them exquisite. She took pride in her handiwork.
A month later, Jake returned home. As he pulled into the driveway, a piano delivery truck drove up at the same time. Isla had never taken piano lessons, but she could play by ear, and she’d always wanted Franny to learn to play. Jake thought, When Isla sees the piano, she will forgive me. At first, she was thrilled by such a lavish present, but she knew the meaning behind it.
In less than three weeks, Jake was on a binge again and sleeping it off at the YMCA. After each episode he returned home, asking forgiveness, with promises to get help.
“Jake, I’m not going to live like this. I don’t want any more gifts. The only gift I want is for you to go to the AA meetings.”
The next Monday night, he told Isla he was going to the meeting, but he never made it there and didn’t come home. I hope he hasn’t lost his job. It’s probably only a matter of time, she thought. I wonder if he will ever have the willpower to take control of his life. Drinking seems to be an escape. From what, I’m not sure.
Raising Franny, she lived basically as a single mother. Her only social life consisted of dinner with Amy’s family once a week and a Bible study group at church.
Franny didn’t understand why Jake was gone most of the time. “Where is Daddy?” she often asked.
“He has to work out of town,” Isla would answer, not offering any further explanation.
“When will he be back?”
“I’m not sure. It will depend on how his sales go,” was Isla’s standard answer.
One time Franny asked her cousin, Tom, if he knew what her daddy sold when he was gone. “I think he sells paper because he works at a paper mill,” answered Tom. That made sense to Franny. After a while, she no longer asked.
CHAPTER NINE
Jake continued to come and go, sometimes staying away six months at a time. Through Franny’s grammar school and junior high years, Jake was never around to attend any school functions. Franny learned to live with an absentee father. When anyone asked where her daddy was, she would tell them he worked out of town.
As time went on, Franny grew to be a beautiful teenager. She had a shapely body and was eyed by many of the boys at school. She was shy but made friends with Bill, who lived across the street. He was two years older, a senior, with a muscular build, and he had his own car. He knew about Jake’s drinking because he had heard his parents talk. His father tossed back a few from time to time; Bill understood.
Sitting at the breakfast table, having her morning coffee and toast, Isla saw a car pull into the driveway. It was Jake.
“How do you like my new car?” asked Jake, coming in the back door. “It’s a LaSalle, the top of the line.”
Isla just rolled her eyes as if to say, “Big deal.” She could see some of the neighbors gawking out their windows.
When Jake lived in Illinois, he had an executive position. He had been a man of prominence and he longed for that status again. Pomona had an Elks Lodge on Holt Avenue to which businessmen belonged. Many of the women Isla sewed for had husbands who were members. Jake had been home for four months when he submitted an application to join, telling Isla he was going to straighten up his life, and things were going to be better.
The Elks Lodge was planning a formal gala event at the Fox Theater in Pomona to introduce new members and for those who had applications in process. Although Jake and Isla rarely went out socially, he was going to take Isla because he wanted to make a good impression as a family man.
Franny had gone to spend the night with her friend Lucille while her parents went to the Elks Lodge event. Isla wore a lovely royal blue gown she had made, embellished with beads which complemented her red hair and blue eyes. She was excited to attend the gala event. Jake looked very handsome in the new black suit he had bought just for the occasion. His hair was graying at his temples, giving him a distinguished look. He was a real gentleman as he held open the car door for Isla.
“You will be the prettiest woman there tonight,” Jake said, taking her hand and kissing it on the top.
“Thank you, sir,” she said as she curtsied and climbed into the LaSalle. “Jake, please don’t drink tonight. If this is going to be a new beginning, let’s get off on the right foot,” she politely requested as they drive trying not to sound like a nag.
“Don’t worry, honey. I’ll be on my best behavior because this is a turning point in our lives.”
When they arrived, Isla stood proud. She was a graceful woman and felt her gown was the most elegant among all the ladies. Arm in arm, they entered the theater, nodding, greeting, and shaking hands with others as they introduced themselves.
Fox Theater had a huge staircase covered with red carpet, leading to the second level. Most of the activities were held on the main floor, but there was some type of function going on upstairs. It seemed that it was being attended only by men. Isla didn’t pay much attention to any other activities; she was too enthralled with the beautiful decor of the theater.
“Isla, I have some business to take care of upstairs,” said Jake. “You can wait for me here. I’ll just be a minute.” She didn’t question him because she saw other men going to the second floor, too.
Isla waited, and waited, for Jake to return. An hour passed. She didn’t know what to do, and she felt out of place standing there alone, but she didn’t feel that she could go upstairs after him. She looked around and found an area where others had gathered. Uncomfortable, she went over and took a seat on one of the chairs as she smiled at the small group that was chatting nearby. Another hour passed. By now, she wished she could leave or just disappear. She saw Dutch doors leading to a garden area. She got up and went outside. It wasn’t long before she heard a commotion back in the main room. Returning to see what was going on, she saw Jake coming down the stairs, holding on to the rail for support and yelling for her.
“Isla! Isla! Where are you?” he shouted loudly.
Oh, no, Isla thought, he’s drunk. Jake could hardly stand up. What should I do? I can’t ignore him; he will just get louder and louder. She went inside and waited at the bottom of the stairs.
“There you are!” he yelled. Letting go of the rail, he tumbled the rest of the way down. Bill’s father, Ted, saw Jake and went to his aid.
“Help me get him up,” Ted said to one of the other men standing by. The two of them lifted him up, one under each arm, and walked him to the exit, with Isla following closely behind. “I’ll take you home. You can come back for your car tomorrow,” said Ted, directing Isla to his car parked near the front of the theater. Isla rushed ahead, opening up the back car door as Ted pushed Jake inside.
The ride home was quiet, except for Jake, who kept saying, “Where are we? Where are we going? I want to go back to the party!” They both ignored him.
When they got to Isla’s house, Ted told her to wait in the car with Jake. He was going to see if Bill was at home so he could help get Jake inside. Ted soon returned with Bill, and the two of them steered Jake into the house. Isla motioned them to her bedroom, and they dropped him on the bed. Isla apologized repeatedly, thanking Ted and Bill for their help.
Isla left Jake on the bed fully dressed. It was a miracle he wasn’t hurt during the fall. She promised herself she would never go anywhere with him again and be humiliated in such a manner. She went to the hall closet, took out the spare bedding and pillow, and made herself a bed on the couch.
Rising early, Isla made sure the bedding was back in the hall closet before Franny returned home. Why am I trying to cover up for Jake? she asked herself. She was sure Franny would sense what was going on when she returned home and learned Jake was sleeping off his drunken stupor.
At noon, Jake was still in bed when the doorbell rang. Isla looked out the dining room window to see who it was. It was a man she didn’t recognize. Knowing the screen door was locked, she opened the front door.
“Can I help you?” asked Isla.
“I have a telegram for Jake Whitman.”
“Mr. Whitman is not available. I’m Mrs. Whitman, can I help you?”
“I can give you the telegram for Mr. Whitman, but I need a signed receipt.”
“I’ll be glad to sign for it.” She unhooked the screen door and signed for the telegram. The messenger thanked her and left.
The doorbell must have wakened Jake. As she closed the door, Jake was standing behind her. “Who was that?”
“It’s a personal telegram for you,” she said, handing him the envelope.
He took the envelope in his shaking hand as his head throbbed. The letters were blurred, but he could see it was from the Elks Lodge of Pomona.
Jake took the telegram to his bedroom. Isla followed him and watched as he sat on the edge of the bed, just staring at the envelope. He opened it, read it to himself, and wadded it up.
“Who needs the Elks Lodge anyway? They’re just a bunch of stuffed shirts,” said Jake as he threw the telegram on the floor. Being denied membership was devastating for him, although he would not admit it. Isla hoped the rejection might make a big enough impact that he would seek help for his drinking problem.
Once Jake sobered up, he left the house. He was gone for about two weeks before returning home. He was full of apologies like always after a drunken incident. This time he brought flowers to Isla and begged forgiveness.
“Jake, I’ve told you before; I don’t want flowers or any other gifts. All I want is for you to stop drinking. Until that happens, you can sleep on the couch.” She was through playing the loving wife but didn’t have the heart to turn him away. He was a good man when he was sober which never lasted more than a week. She knew this time was no different, but in the back of her mind, she hoped he would stay sober for good.
“I know,” he said, looking away. “Believe me Isla, I’ve tried.”
“Someday, you will have to realize that it’s not something you can do alone. That is why I’ve encouraged you to go to an AA meeting.” She waited for a response. Jake just sat on the couch speechless.
Isla fixed a nice Sunday dinner for Jake and Franny. He was on his best behavior. Although Franny’s disappointments were many growing up with a drunk for a father, she always forgave him. To her, he was still “Daddy.”
During the next week, Jake came home every night after work, and Isla always had a good meal ready for him. Could this last? she wondered. Another week went by. Friday night came, and Jake did not come home. Isla tried not to be upset, but she was let down again. Sunday, Jake came stumbling in at three in the morning. Isla heard the back door slam shut when he came in.
She got ready for church while Jake slept. The doorbell rang. “Just a minute,” she said, looking through the blinds to the two men standing on her front porch. She straightened her dress, patted her hair, and opened the door, leaving the screen door locked. The two men were dressed in suits as if they were going to church or somewhere important.
“Excuse me, ma’am, but we are here to see Jake Whitman,” said the taller of the two men. He looked a little scary, with a scar over his eye, causing it to droop.
“I’m sorry, but he’s not feeling well this morning and is still asleep. I’m his wife. Is there something I can help you with?”
The man doing the talking seemed a little embarrassed and hesitated.
“Tell her, and let’s get out of here,” said the other man, who had a Charlie Chaplin mustache, as he poked the taller man in the ribs.
“We are here to pick up his car,” said the man with the drooping eye.
“Pick up the car? I’m sorry, but I don’t understand.”
“Your husband lost the car in a poker game last night and told us to come by today and pick it up,” he continued as he showed her the certificate of ownership Jake had used as a wager in the poker game.
“That can’t be! It’s his only transportation. He needs it to go to work,” she pleaded.
“That’s not our problem, lady,” said mustache man. “Just give us the keys.”
“Just a minute. I’ll wake up Jake so he can straighten this out,” said Isla as she turned and closed the front door, leaving the two men standing on the porch.
Isla could not believe this was happening. She went to the couch and tried to wake up Jake. She shook his shoulder, but he didn’t respond.
“Jake! Wake up! Wake up!” She shook him with all her strength. Her temper had been pushed to the limit. “Jake! Jake!” she yelled.
“Leave me alone,” he said, waving her off.
“Jake, there are two men at the front door to take your car. Get up now and straighten this out.” Jake didn’t move. “Jake, get the hell off the couch!” she screamed.
He rolled over, still in his clothes, eyes bloodshot, and his breath reeking of alcohol. “Get the keys on the table and give them to the men,” he slurred.
“Jake, they are going to take your car! You have to stop them!”
“Shut up! Just give them the keys,” he said as he pointed to the keys on the table and then rolled over, turning his back to her.
Returning to the front door, Isla handed the man the keys. Mustache man was already sitting in the car, which was haphazardly parked where Jake had left it, half in the driveway and half in the front yard. The man took the keys and nodded without saying a word.
Isla stood on the porch in disbelief that he had used the LaSalle as a wager for a bet. That car meant everything to Jake; it was his status symbol.
How will he get to work in the morning? she wondered. That is if he has a job. She wasn’t sure if he still worked at the paper mill.
CHAPTER TEN
Franny had spent the night with her friend, Lucille. When she returned home, she found her mother sitting at the kitchen table, crying. It seemed there was one crisis after another.
“Mother, what’s wrong?” asked Franny.
“It’s Jake,” said Isla, wiping her eyes and trying to get control of her emotions. “He’s lost his car in a card came, and two men just came to take it away.”
“I don’t know why he keeps hurting you, and you let him stay.”
“I don’t know why either, but I think it’s time to put an end to it. I want you and Lucille to go ahead to church, but you will have to walk.”
“Mother, I don’t want to leave you here with Jake. I know sometimes he’s not very nice to you.”
“I’ll be okay. You and Lucille go ahead, and maybe say a little prayer for us.”
Hugging her mother she met Lucille at the front of the house. From the kitchen window, Isla could see the girls talking. She stood at the window until she saw them walk away. This is not her problem, she thought, and it’s time I take care of it.
It was two in the afternoon before Jake got up and staggered into the kitchen. “What’s there to eat?” he asked, slurring his words and sounding as if he had a mouth full of marbles.
Isla sat at the kitchen table with her back to him, not answering. He went to the refrigerator and took out some milk and bologna and made himself a sandwich. When he sat down at the table to eat, Isla got up and went to her bedroom and closed the door. She sat at her sewing machine, looking out into the backyard at her flower garden. Whenever she had spare time, she worked in her garden and was proud of the multicolored roses and chrysanthemums, but the colorful flowers didn’t lift her spirits today as they usually did.
It’s time to tell Jake he is no longer welcome here. I need to be strong and get on with my life, she told herself. I need to stop believing he’s going to change. An hour passed, and Isla returned to the kitchen to find Jake still sitting at the table, staring out the front window.
Sitting across the table from him, Isla said, “Jake, I can’t live like this anymore,” she said in a matter of fact tone. “One minute you’re asking for forgiveness, and then I don’t hear from you for weeks at a time. I don’t know where you live when you are not here. I don’t even know if you are still working at the paper mill. It’s time for you to leave for good. This is no longer your home.”
Jake knew he had not been fair to Isla or Franny, and he knew he was living a miserable life. Each time he tried to straighten up, he failed. Each time he failed, he took Isla down with him. There was nothing he could say that he hadn’t said many times before. He got up from the kitchen table without saying a word. He went to the bedroom, pulled out a suitcase from the closet, and packed his belongings. He returned to the kitchen, where Isla was standing at the sink.
“I’m sorry, Isla,” he said. She didn’t turn to face him or respond. Jake turned and went out the back door. Isla watched him walk away down the street. Where is he going? she wondered. How many times had she asked herself that question? What a sad life he was living, but no one could help him. He had to do it himself.
Franny went to Lucille’s house after church and didn’t get home until late afternoon. Isla repeated to her what she had told Jake. Franny was upset that she was losing her father and might never see him again, but she agreed that her mother didn’t have any other choice. His drinking and abuse had gone on long enough.

***

Isla had not heard from Jake for over a year, but she couldn’t help but think he would show up at any time.
It was Friday morning, and Isla was brushing Franny’s hair. “Stop your fidgeting,” said Isla as she tied a ribbon in her hair. “You sure seem to be in a hurry to get to school.”
Fridays were Franny’s favorite school day because there was always an assembly. The entire student body lined up alphabetically, by grade level, outside the auditorium. That meant she would be standing next to Harry Stein. He was one of the taller boys in her junior class. He had coal-black hair and big blue eyes with long eyelashes, which made his eyes dreamy. She thought he was cute, but had never talked to him. He was just as shy as Franny. Today was going to be different. She was going to say “Good morning” to him.
The school bell rang, and the assembly lines started to form outside the auditorium. Franny ran to get in line, wearing a blue dress with a blue ribbon in her hair. Her dresses were always perfectly pressed, and her long, curly hair was tied back with a matching ribbon.
“I saved your place,” said Harry as he stepped backward to make room for her.
“Oh, good morning, Harry,” said Franny with a smile. “Thank you.”
She knows my name, thought Harry. He liked the way she said, Harry.
His name usually wasn’t said in a soft tone. It was generally yelled: Harry! Why haven’t you done that yet? Harry! Get up! Harry! Go to bed! Harry! Set the table. Harry! Mow the lawn. Why is my name always being yelled instead of being said in a normal voice? he wondered. It was nice to hear Franny say, Harry.
After school, he rushed out of his last class, not waiting for his brother John. He walked home the same way as Franny. Catching up with her, he asked, “Can I walk along with you?”
“Sure,” she responded with a smile. They walked in silence, both too nervous to talk. Harry walked past the street where he lived and kept walking until they got to Franny’s house.
“This is where I live. Guess I’ll see you on Monday,” said Franny.
“Okay, see you on Monday,” replied Harry as he watched her run up the driveway. She turned and waved before she disappeared around the back of her house.
After running in the back door, Franny rushed to the kitchen window, peeked through the blinds, and watched Harry as he walked away. She wondered where he lived.
By the time Harry got home, John was waiting for him. “How come you didn’t wait for me after school? Do you have a girlfriend?” John asked. He had seen Harry walk away with Franny. “Harry’s got a girlfriend!” he sang, making a kissing noise with his lips. “Harry’s got a girlfriend!” John kept repeating and walking behind him, making the kissing sound.
Their mother, Ginny, finally told John to be quiet, or he would have to do the dishes. That’s all she needed to say. John didn’t want to have anything to do with kitchen chores. He considered that woman’s work.
Harry had three brothers; John was a year older. Kirk and Dennis were the youngest, each two years apart in age. Harry was glad he was older now and didn’t have to endure his father’s daily thrashing.
He would never forget the beatings. He remembered how his mother had yelled from the kitchen, “Pop, stop! You’re hitting the boys too hard!” She had walked into the front room, where her four boys were crying, the two youngest still waiting for their turns. Every day when Pop came home from work, the four boys had to line up to get what Pop called a “thrashing.”
Pop had grown tired of coming home and listening to his wife complain that John had done something to Kirk, or Harry had done something to Dennis. The boys would deny doing anything to each other. So, he decided to spank each of them with his belt every day. He was sure that during the day they had done something that deserved a spanking. That continued until John entered high school. He was too big and too strong to handle. The two older boys refused to cry and became defiant.
Ginny flinched when Pop hit the boys, but she was not strong enough to make him stop. She was raised in a family where the wife was subservient to her husband. The husband was the man of the house, and what he said or did ruled. Raising four boys was overwhelming for her on a daily basis. She was glad when Pop came home at the end of the day to take over, so she never intervened.
Mr. and Mrs. Stein, Pop’s parents, came from Germany, and he was raised with an iron fist. His parents settled in Indiana and then moved to Covina, California when he was eight years old. They raised a family of six: four girls and two boys. Their house was located on several acres of walnut groves, where they also raised chickens, pigs, and goats. When Pop was nineteen and getting ready to marry Ginny, his father gave him money to buy a house. Instead, he rented a house in nearby Pomona and used the money to buy a lemon grove in San Dimas. Pop was a hardwood floor layer by trade, and he also worked his grove. He took the profits from the sale of the lemons and saved it until he had enough to buy another grove.
Feeding a family of four growing boys took every bit of Pop’s paycheck. He worked hard to give his family the necessities, but there was never enough money for anything extra.
Dinner-time was for giving thanks and eating, not talking, and the boys had better remember their table manners. If Harry forgot to wait to be passed the food and reached for a slice of bread, “Thump!” Pop had large, strong hands and would take his middle finger and thump Harry on his temple hard enough to knock him out of his chair.
“Did you forget your manners?” Pop would shout. The thump happened weekly to at least one of the boys.
The two older boys were now in high school; John was a senior, and Harry was in his junior year. Kirk and Dennis were in junior high. Harry was six feet three, and John was a little under six feet. The two-bedroom, one-bath house seemed to be getting smaller as the boys grew bigger.
One Sunday Pop told the boys, “Hurry up and eat your breakfast. Meet me in the backyard. We have work to do.”
The boys looked at each other, not sure what Pop was planning, but it was normal to have them work in the yard on Sunday. When the boys went outside, Pop was waiting for them by the chicken coop.
“We’re going to clean out the coop today and move the chickens,” said Pop.
“Why are we moving the chickens?” asked John.
“Never mind. Just do what I say. Kirk, you and Dennis take the new chicken wire and stakes to the other end of the yard. You two,” he said, pointing to John and Harry, “come with me.”
They followed their father to the existing coop, which was a woodshed with an attached chicken wire yard. “You boys take down all the wood roosts inside the shed, and clean away all the spider webs,” directed Pop, and then he went to the other side of the yard to give Kirk and Dennis their orders. He showed them how to string the chicken wire for the new pen.
John and Harry did as they were told. When Pop came back, he had two army cots and an old chair he had stored in the garage. “John, Harry, this is your new bedroom. Mom will give you some blankets. The house is too crowded for all of us. You are going to have to sleep out here from now on.”
“We can’t live out here!” said John.
“I just told you, you will,” said Pop with a stare down look. Giving them the cots, he said, “Here, make your beds. You will eat and bathe in the house, but come night, you will sleep out here.”
The boys knew better than to argue. Whatever Pop said was the rule, no discussion. It would only make matters worse if he complained. As if it could get any worse than sleeping in the chicken coop!
Their new bedroom was cold in the winter and hot in the summer. In the winter the boys hung blankets on the chicken wire walls to help keep the heat inside. John was a bully and strong, but Harry was taller. They didn’t get along, and there were many scuffles between the two.

***

Ginny fixed a hot breakfast for Pop and the boys every morning. John and Harry would come in the house to clean up and get ready for school.
Monday morning, John felt that Harry was taking too long in the bathroom combing his hair. Opening the bathroom door, he yelled, “What’s taking you so long?” He pulled Harry up by the back of his pants, yanking him out of the bathroom. Usually, that would start a fight, but this time Harry let it go. He didn’t want a fight today because he was eager to get to school and see Franny. Harry and John usually walked to school together, but this day Harry wasn’t going to wait for John.
When he saw Franny coming up the street he started to get butterflies in his stomach. This was a new feeling for Harry, who didn’t talk much to girls. Normally after school he had basketball practice and then went straight home to do chores; there wasn’t any time for a girlfriend.
“Hi, Franny,” said Harry, running to catch up to her and walk her to class.
“Hi, Harry,” she said with a smile.
“Can I walk you to class?”
“Sure, that would be nice.” That was the entire extent of their conversation until they reached Franny’s classroom.
“Can I walk you home after school?” asked Harry.
“Sure.”
“I’ll meet you in front of the boys’ gym. Okay?”
“Okay, see you after school.”
That week, Harry met her every morning, walked her to class, and again met her after school at the boys’ gym to walk her home.
Harry was up early Saturday morning. His family was Seventh Day Adventists, so they attended church on Saturday. There were no chores on Saturdays, and Harry wanted to go by Franny’s house. After church, he changed from his best clothes to his everyday pants and shirt. He went into the backyard and slowly sneaked away. He didn’t want John to follow him.
Isla and Franny had just returned from Franny’s piano lessons. Isla was in the kitchen pulling her apron over her head and tying it in the back; she started to fix lunch. She noticed a boy walking by the house and then back again, each time looking toward the front windows.
“Franny, do you know who that boy is in front of the house?” asked Isla.
Franny went to the window and peeked through the blinds. She quickly closed the blinds and ducked when Harry looked toward the kitchen window. Franny ran to the window in the front room where she could see him better. She peered over the back of the sofa that was in front of the window hoping he wouldn’t see her.
“Who is he?” asked Isla.
“Shh,” said Franny. “It’s Harry, a boy from school,” she whispered.
“What’s he doing out there?”
“I don’t know. Let’s just wait and see,” said Franny, still sneaking a peek from behind the sofa. Harry was too shy to go to the door and ask for Franny. He hoped if she saw him she would come out. He walked back and forth one more time and then disappeared.
“What was that all about?” asked Isla
“I don’t know,” shrugged Franny. “He’s been walking me home from school. I think he likes me,” she said with a little giggle.
Harry was up early the next morning, rushing to get his chores done. Ginny was surprised that she didn’t have to remind him. When he finished, he told her he was going to school to shoot baskets. Taking the basketball and dribbling down the sidewalk, he left the house. Once out of sight, he headed to Franny’s.
“That boy is out in front of the house again,” said Isla to Franny.
Running to the window, again Franny peeked through the blinds. She waited until he was past the house and out of sight. She quickly grabbed a book and went to sit on the front porch. It wasn’t long before Harry came back.
“Hey, Harry,” said Franny, waving at him.
“Hey,” said Harry as he walked to the porch.
“What are you doing over here?” asked Franny.
“Oh, I have a friend on the next block, and we were going to shoot some baskets,” he said as he dribbled his ball a few times. “He must have forgotten because he’s not home.”
They chatted as Harry sat on the porch steps, and Franny sat on the porch swing. Isla brought out some lemonade and cookies. Franny introduced her to Harry, and he politely thanked her for the cookies and lemonade. It was getting late, and Harry knew he better head home.
“Can I walk you to school in the morning?” asked Harry.
“Of course!” said Franny. That was the beginning of their courtship.

***

John had followed Harry to Franny’s house. When Harry returned home, John started taunting him. “How’s your little girlfriend? Did you kiss her? Did ya?”
“Shut up, John!”
“I bet you’re not the only boy she sits on her porch steps with.”
“Shut up!”
Harry hadn’t been in a fistfight with John for years because John would always win, or Pop would intervene, and then they both would get punished. Harry was bigger now and stronger. This time when the teasing started, Harry wasn’t going to take it, especially when John started talking about Franny.
He charged John and took a swing at him. He smacked John right on his nose, knocking him backward. John took his hand and wiped his nose; there was blood on his hand. The fight was on. They rolled over their cots; one broke. Harry picked up their only chair and broke it over John’s head. John stood stunned for a minute. Then with a mighty yell, John rammed Harry with his head, right in Harry’s midsection, knocking the wind out of him. Harry got up, and fists started flying with fury.
Dennis, their youngest brother, heard the commotion in the chicken coop and ran to tell his mom. Ginny told Pop to go out and stop the fight. He just looked at her and said, “They’re big boys. Let them work it out.”
Harry pushed John through the chicken wire walls, taking down half their make-shift bedroom. John’s face and arms were bleeding. Harry’s fists were raw. He looked at John with satisfaction as John lay in the backyard, where he had landed after going through the chicken wire. He wasn’t getting up.
John had enough, and so had Harry. The fight was over. John didn’t pick on Harry again after that. In fact, they hardly spoke to each other. Of course, Pop made them reconstruct the chicken coop. The chair wasn’t replaced, nor the broken cot. It was Harry’s cot, so he took some wire and rope and tied it back together. When he went to bed that night, he lay down gently, hoping it would hold together, as he dreamed about seeing Franny at school in the morning.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
Several times Franny had asked Harry where he lived. He would point at his street and say, “Over there.” He certainly didn’t want her to know he lived behind a house in a chicken coop. After a few months, he finally told her about the chicken coop bedroom and how Pop ruled the house.
Harry wanted his mother to meet Franny because he thought they had a future together. As gruff as Pop was, Harry hoped he would be pleasant in front of Franny.
One day, walking Franny home from school, he asked, “Would you like to come over and meet my parents?”
“I’d love too.”
“How about Sunday?”
“I can come over after church.”
“Okay, I’ll come over to get you, and we can walk back to my house together.” He had never taken a girl to meet his family. It wasn’t something he was looking forward, too, knowing he would have to put up with some teasing from his brothers.
Franny was anxious about meeting Harry’s family. She wanted to make a good impression.
“I’ll make you a sandwich before Harry gets here,” Isla said to Franny when they returned home after church.
“I’m not hungry. I’m so nervous.”
“You’ll be fine. They are lucky to meet such a pretty girl,” said Isla, giving Franny a hug. “I think I see Harry coming up the front walk now.”
“I don’t know what time I’ll be home.”
“Just make it before dark,” said Isla with a smile and one more hug. Then Franny ran out the front door to meet Harry. Isla watched them through the kitchen blinds as they walked hand-in-hand. He might be the one, she thought. The one who will take my Franny’s heart.
Walking to his house, Harry told Franny more about his family’s background, the lemon groves his father owned, and his grandparents who lived in Covina. Franny remembered a little about living with her grandmother but nothing about grandparents on her father’s side.
“Well, here we are,” said Harry, standing in front of his house. It was about the same size as Franny’s home but had a much bigger yard in the front and the back. All the houses on the street were on large lots.
“Mom!” hollered Harry as they walked in the front room.
Coming out of the kitchen, Ginny wiped her hands on the front of her apron. “Mom, this is Franny,” said Harry.
“Well, Franny, it is nice to finally meet you,” said Ginny. “I’ll get Pop. I’ve made a berry pie.”
Harry led Franny to the dinner table. Ginny returned with the pie, followed by Pop and all the boys, who took their normal place at the table. Harry introduced Franny to his two younger brothers. She had already met John at school. There was no conversation while they ate, following Pop’s rule of no talking at the dinner table. Franny didn’t know what to expect but felt a little uncomfortable sitting in silence.
“Where do you live?” asked Pop, breaking the silence.
“I live on Orange Grove Street,” replied Franny.
“Are you in the same class with Harry?” asked Ginny.
“Yes.”
“That’s nice,” Ginny replied.
“Nice to meet you, Franny,” said Pop, finishing his pie and standing up to leave. “Please excuse me I have work to do.”
“Nice to meet you, too, Mr. Stein,” Franny replied.
The boys excused themselves too, leaving only Harry and his mother with Franny. They all had good manners, but Franny did not feel any warmth among them. Ginny stood up from the table, picked up the pie, and took it back to the kitchen. Harry and Franny gathered up the dishes and followed Ginny.
“We’re going for a walk,” Harry told his mother.
“Thanks for the pie, Mrs. Stein. It was delicious,” said Franny.
“I hope to see you again,” replied Ginny as the two left the house.
“Let’s go to the park,” Harry said to Franny. Hand in hand, they walked to Lincoln Park, which was located between Harry and Franny’s house.
They dated all summer and through their senior year. Harry didn’t have a car, and all their dates were with other couples. Harry never asked Pop to use the family car; he knew the answer would be “No.”John had an old car, but if Harry asked to borrow it, the price to pay was to take on all of John’s chores for a week. It wasn’t worth it.
It was almost graduation, and the senior prom was two weeks away. Harry asked, Maynard, one of his friends, if they could double date with him. Maynard agreed, and they talked about taking their dates to dinner before the dance. Isla had made Franny a beautiful blue taffeta dress for the prom. Harry had a dark blue suit, and together they made a very handsome couple. The prom was at the Ebell Club across from the high school. During the last band intermission. Harry and Franny stepped outside to the garden area.
Harry took Franny by her hand and led her away from the others. “I have something to ask you, Franny.” He was so serious; she was a little worried about what he was going to ask.
“What is it, Harry?”
“I love you, Franny.”
“I know, Harry. I love you, too.”
“I know we have talked about getting married, and I think it’s time to make it official,” said Harry. He had been working odd jobs in his neighborhood after school and on weekends. He had saved every cent he made for the big purchase. He took a ring box out of his pocket and opened it to show Franny the engagement ring. “Franny, will you marry me?”
With a squeal, she jumped into his arms, almost knocking the ring out of his hand. “Yes! Yes! I’ll marry you,” she answered, still squealing. Harry slipped the ring on her finger, and they were officially engaged. “We’re engaged!” she yelled across the garden to her friends, waving her ring hand in the air. Several girls came running to her side, looked at her ring, and congratulated her and Harry. The rest of the evening was spent with girls coming up to see her ring.
After the prom, Harry asked Maynard if he would wait for him while he went into the house with Franny to give Isla the news. He said, “No hurry.” That would give him time to neck with his date.
Harry stopped Franny before they went into the house. “I probably should ask your mother if I can marry you,” he said.
“That would probably be a good idea. I’ll keep my hand behind my back until you ask her.”
“Mom! Mom!” shouted Franny as she sprang through the door. Isla was sitting in the front room, waiting for Franny to come home. “Harry has something to ask you.”
Hearing the exhilaration in Franny’s voice, she had an idea what it was.
“Mrs. Whitman,” said Harry, clearing his throat. All of a sudden he became very nervous. Isla waited patiently for Harry to complete his question. “Mrs. Whitman, I would like to marry your daughter.”
“Do you have a job?” asked Isla.
“Yes, after graduation I’ll be working with my dad.”
“Will you love her with all your heart?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Say, yes, Mama. Just say yes!” squealed Franny.
“Yes, Harry, you can marry my daughter.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Whitman.”
“Look! Look!” said Franny, propelling her ring hand in front of her.
“Oh, my,” said Isla, standing up from her chair, reaching for Franny’s ring hand, and she put her other hand on her chest with shock. “I guess it’s a good thing I said yes,” she said.
“Isn’t it wonderful!” exclaimed Franny.
Isla was not sure how she felt about Franny getting married. They are both so young, thought Isla, but she didn’t want to spoil the happy moment for Franny. “When is the big event?” Isla asked.
“Oh, I don’t know,” said Franny, turning to look at Harry, who was standing next to her in silence, with a smile of a happy man. “We haven’t planned that far.” She looked at Harry for an answer.
“Well, congratulations to the both of you,” said Isla. “This is an exciting time.”
“I probably need to go,” said Harry. “Maynard is waiting outside in the car to give me a ride home. Goodnight, Mrs. Whitman.” Taking Franny’s hand, she walked him to the door.
“I hate to say goodnight,” Franny said to Harry. “I’m so happy. I love you so much.”
“I hate to say goodnight, too,” responded Harry. “Soon we won’t have to. I love you, Franny.” He pulled her close and gave her a long kiss goodnight.

***

After graduation, Franny found a job at Frasher’s, a stationery store in downtown Pomona. Mrs. Frasher was a customer of Isla’s and was glad to have Franny work for her.
Both John and Harry had learned the hardwood floor trade by working with Pop, but John was more interested in cars. When Harry graduated from high school, he went to work full-time with Pop. John had already moved out and worked for his uncle George, who owned an auto repair shop in Covina. Uncle George let John live in the back of the shop.
After Harry’s proposal, they decided to get married the following year. They both saved their money, and the first thing they bought was a car.

***

Jake stopped by Frasher’s, where Franny worked, every few months just to see Franny. He never stayed long, just enough to say hello.
“Hi, Dad,” said Franny as she saw Jake come in the front door of the store. “It’s time for my break. Do you want to get a cup of coffee?”
“Sure, honey, let’s go across the street to the drug store.”
They each ordered coffee, and Franny started the conversation. “Dad, Harry and I are getting married the first week in September.” Jake smiled at her and nodded with agreement. “Dad, I want you to walk me down the aisle.”
“I would be glad to,” said Jake.
“I wasn’t sure if you would be in town.”
“I’ll make it a point. You can count on me,” said Jake, and then he hesitated. “Does your mother know you are asking me?”
“She knows you stop by and see me once in a while. I told her if I saw you before the wedding I was going to ask you.”
“Is she okay with that?” Franny nodded. “Then it’s done. I wouldn’t miss it for the world.” They hugged each other, and Franny went back to work.

***

As the wedding came closer, Franny reminded Jake of the wedding date. He said he hadn’t forgotten, and handed her an envelope containing enough money to pay for the wedding.
“Dad, I didn’t expect this,” said Franny, shocked, as she opened the envelope and saw the money. “Where did you get this?”
“That doesn’t matter. I’m just glad I can help pay for my daughter’s wedding. I’ll see you at the church.”
“Thanks, Dad. You have no idea what a help this is.”
When Franny told Isla about the money, she was glad he was helping out with the expenses. I hope this isn’t a gift to cushion the blow when he doesn’t show up, thought Isla.
A month before the wedding, they put a rental deposit down on one side of a duplex, two doors from Isla. Harry moved into the one-bedroom duplex. Although he didn’t have a bed, he slept on a bedroll that he had made for himself. It was wonderful having his own bedroom, something he had never had before. Isla and Franny had a good time making curtains and getting things ready for the newlyweds to live together. Harry and Franny called it their honeymoon cottage.
On Sunday, September 5, 1937, the wedding took place at the First Christian Church in Pomona, where Isla and Franny were both members. Isla made Franny’s wedding gown and the powder blue dresses for her five bridesmaids. The front of the church had numerous flower arrangements in white and blue carnations.
One of the ladies from the church sang a solo while Franny waited for Jake to arrive. Isla asked the woman to sing another song to stall for time. Jake never showed up.
The wedding ceremony started twenty minutes late, and Amy’s husband, Rod, walked Franny down the aisle. Isla had previously spoken with Rod to be ready in case Jake let Franny down one more time. Deep inside, Franny never really expected Jake to show up, but hoped this time would be different.
There was a small reception after the ceremony. The ladies of the church prepared the wedding cake for cutting. Refreshments were served as Franny and Harry, along with the wedding party, greeted their family and friends. No one was aware that Franny’s stepfather was the intended escort for the bride, or of the disappointment it left in Franny’s heart.

***

The newlyweds honeymooned on Catalina Island. It was a romantic island getaway used by many couples. In September the mornings were overcast, and the sun broke through around one thirty in the afternoon. From their hotel window, they could see people walking along the beach and the sailboats moored in the bay. At night they left their bedroom window open to hear the soft sound of the waves breaking on the beach. Their honeymoon only lasted the weekend because they couldn’t afford to miss work.
Setting up house and having to pay rent now, they had to maintain a tight budget. Getting up together their first morning to go to work was wonderful. They were in love, and life was good.
Standing at the kitchen window, Isla watched the two lovebirds leave for work. She peeked through the kitchen blinds to see Harry kiss Franny good-bye before he left. Franny’s friend Julie also worked at Frasher’s and picked her up in the morning to give her a ride to work. Isla felt good that Franny’s married life was off to a good start, and she hoped her daughter would never experience the heartaches she had. Life for Isla finally seemed to be settling down. She felt all the depression and bad events were behind her.
Franny and Harry had been gone for about thirty minutes, and Isla sat contentedly at her breakfast table enjoying a cup of coffee. She liked Harry and knew he would take care of her daughter. Taking a sip of her coffee and eating a piece of cinnamon toast, she saw a police car stop in front of her house.
Isla felt emptiness in her stomach as she watched the two policemen get out of their squad car and come up her front walk. She was sure the policemen had come to arrest Jake for something. There was no telling what kind of trouble he had gotten himself in this time. She would send them away because Jake wasn’t home, and she didn’t know where he was. She hoped to get rid of them before her first customer of the day came for a fitting at 10:00 a.m.
Although she was expecting it, she jumped when the doorbell rang. After getting up from the breakfast table, she walked through the dining room, stopping by the hall mirror to make sure her dress was straight and patted her hair. Now the policemen were persistently knocking on the door. Her stomach was a bundle of nerves. Why should I feel this way? she thought. I haven’t done anything wrong.
Just as the men were ready to knock on the door again, Isla opened it. “We’re sorry to bother you, ma’am. Are you Mrs. Whitman?” one of the policemen asked.
All she could squeeze out in a weak response was, “Yes.”
“May we come in? We have a few questions to ask you.”
“If it’s about Jake, he’s not here.”
“May we come in?” he asked a second time.
Without responding, she unlatched the screen door. Frowning and looking puzzled she motioned for them to come in.
“May we sit down?” asked the policeman. Isla nodded yes, still not speaking. What on earth do they want? Why don’t they just come out and ask about Jake?
CHAPTER TWELVE
The two policemen took seats on the couch. Isla sat on the edge of her favorite chair, with her hands folded in her lap, anxiously waiting for the policemen to tell her the reason for their visit.
“I’m Detective Morgan and this is my partner Detective Lang. Is your husband Jake Whitman?” one of the policemen asked, taking a small pad and pen out of his shirt pocket.
I knew it, Isla thought to herself. They are here to arrest Jake. They probably caught him gambling or drunk in a fight, and he has managed to get away.
“Yes,” she responded, not giving them any additional information.
“When did you see him last?”
“I haven’t seen Jake for over a year. He doesn’t live here anymore.”
“Are you still married?”
“Yes, on paper only. We are separated.”
“We need you to come with us to the police station.”
“What for?” she asked, alarmed.
“We hate to break this news to you, but we have found a man with a suicide note pinned to his vest and signed Jake Whitman.”
All the breath left Isla’s body as she gasped, covering her mouth with both her hands. Her face turned pale, and she thought she was going to faint. Holding on to the arms of the chair for support, she sank back in her chair. Jake dead? That can’t be!
One of the policemen saw the kitchen from where he was sitting. He went to the kitchen and found a glass, and filled it with water. Returning with the water, he handed it to Isla, “Do you have a friend or relative you want us to call to go with you to the station?” asked Morgan.
Taking a deep breath, she took a drink of water.“No, there is no one,” she responded, staring blankly into space. “Let me get my purse and leave a note for my customers.” Slowly she got up from her chair. Her knees were weak, and she wobbled. Detective Lang caught her by her arm for support.
“Just give me a minute, and I’ll be all right.” Isla stood for a moment, getting her balance, and then left to get her purse from the bedroom. She returned with a paper and pen to leave a note on her front door. Her note indicated she was sorry for the inconvenience and would be available on Wednesday at the same time to complete their fittings.
Could Jake really be dead? She always figured he would meet his death in a traffic accident while driving drunk. But suicide? That was a coward’s way out. She never thought of Jake as being a coward. Maybe it was a mistake. Maybe he had lost a poker game, and someone found a dead body and pinned a note on it with Jake’s name as a sick joke. I guess I won’t know the truth until I go to the police station and find out for myself. All sorts of scenarios raced through her head.
She followed the policemen out of the house. She taped the note on the locked door. Isla was embarrassed to be seen having someone help her into a squad car. She could feel all the neighbors’ eyes peering out their windows as they drove away.
At the police station, they took Isla to the morgue. The room was ice cold, with a chemical odor. She thought she was going to be sick. Detective Morgan noticed how pale she was.
“Mrs. Whitman, would you like to sit down?” he asked.
“I guess I’d better,” she replied. Her hands were shaking.
They found her a chair while they waited for the morgue assistant to bring out the body. Isla was still dizzy when they came to get her. Detective Lang assisted her as she stood staring at the gurney. He pulled back the sheet that was covering Jake. Isla gasped as she nodded, and then leaned against Detective Lang for support. The assistant covered Jake back up as Detective Lang held on to Isla’s arm and slowly walked her out of the morgue. The two policemen took her to their desk to sit down for a minute and offered her a cup of coffee or another glass of water.
“Water would be fine,” she replied in a whisper. Her throat and mouth were dry. She felt like her lips stuck together when she tried to speak. Life doesn’t go on forever, but unexpected death carries its own unique set of emotions. Isla was overwhelmed by the whole ordeal and not sure what was expected of her or what she should do next. Tears settled in the lower parts of her eyes, and they started to spill over onto her cheeks.
“Mrs. Whitman, Mrs. Whitman,” said Detective Morgan, trying to get her attention, but her mind was wondering how she was going to tell Franny that her father was dead. Jake was the only father Franny knew. He had been around and cared for her since she was a year old. She called him “Daddy.”
Hearing them repeat her name, Isla finally responded, “Yes?”
“Here are his belongings,” said Detective Morgan as he handed her a small bag containing his wallet which contained a few dollars, his shoes and clothes, a pocket watch, and the handwritten note found pinned on his vest. She started to weep again as she read:

Isla, I love you and Franny. I’ve loved you since the first day
I saw you at Archer’s. I’m sorry for all the pain and grief I’ve
caused. The only way I know to give you peace is to end my life.
Jake Whitman

“Where did you find him?” Isla asked.
“He hung himself on one of the trees on Euclid Avenue in Upland,” said Detective Morgan.
She dropped her head, covering her face with both her hands. After a few minutes, she composed herself. Looking up at one of the men, she asked, “Will you be taking me home now?”
“Certainly, if you are ready to go.”
Isla stood up, still a little wobbly, steadying herself against one of the desks, and then they assisted her back to the squad car.
When they reached Isla’s house, they offered to walk her to the door. She told them she could manage alone. She slowly walked to her front door, holding her head high, hoping to give the illusion of not having a problem in the world in case any of the neighbors were watching.
Once inside, she didn’t make it any farther than her chair. She collapsed, emotionally drained, dropping her purse to the floor. She sat there for several hours. Should I have been more loving? Should I have been more understanding? Did I miss his signs of despair? What should I have done differently? These questions were haunting.
She wanted to tell Franny as soon as she returned from work but would wait until Harry came home. Isla watched from the kitchen window for them to get home and then went to their duplex. Franny knew something was wrong as soon as she saw her mother. She went to her asking if she was okay. Harry was there as she told both of them what had happened. He consoled Franny as she sobbed. Tears streamed down Isla’s cheeks as she went to Franny. They held each other and cried. Franny’s tears were because she had lost the only “Daddy” she knew. Isla’s tears were for Franny because she knew all too well the feeling of losing a father.
It was on the front page of the newspaper the next morning:
LOCAL MAN HANGS HIMSELF ON EUCLID AVENUE

Euclid was a main street in Upland, an adjacent town to Pomona. Isla called the Pomona Cemetery and made arrangements for Jake’s burial. She sent a telegram to Jake’s daughter, Jessie who arrived on Thursday night, and a small funeral was held Friday morning.
Isla, Franny, Harry, Jessie, Amy, and Rod were the only ones in attendance. Tom, Amy’s son, could not attend. He was away at college, but he called his Aunt Isla and Franny to let them know how saddened he was about the news. Isla’s minister from her church said a few words at the grave site and it was over. Despite the sadness of it all, Isla and Jessie took comfort in their time together and cheered each other by reminiscing over stories of their youth.
“Many times I started to write to you and ask how your dad acted when your mother passed away,” said Isla. “I thought his behavior might have something to do with his depression. Then I thought that might be too personal for you to share with me.”
“I was still young and not sure what went on between Mother and Dad,” responded Jessie. “I just know there were many nights he didn’t come home. After Mother passed, I hardly ever saw him, and I really needed him then. That’s when we had our falling out. I’m glad we made amends before he came to live with you.”
“We had many good times in the beginning,” said Isla. “After Mama died and then we married, it must have been too much for him.”
“Some people have a harder time with life than others. It’s sad. I wished he had been able to accept some help. I know you did your best,” said Jessie, reaching out to give Isla a hug.

***

On Saturday morning, Isla heard a knock on her front door. She looked out the window blinds as she always did to see who it was before she opened the door. She didn’t recognize the man standing with his back to the window. She opened the front door, feeling safe because the screen door was locked.
“Mrs. Whitman?” asked the man. She thought he looked familiar but couldn’t remember where she had met him.
“Yes,” she replied. She was afraid he might be someone to whom Jake owed money thinking he could collect from her.
“Mrs. Whitman, I’m sorry to hear about Jake. Jake had a gambling problem, and I took advantage of it. It has always bothered me that I took your car away from you. Here are the keys. I would like to return it.”
Parked in the driveway was the LaSalle. “Mrs. Whitman, if you will open the door I will give you the keys.”
“Oh, my,” she said as she unlocked the screen door, standing there speechless.
He handed her the keys, saying, “Sorry for your loss.” He turned and walked to his car that was parked in front of the house with a driver waiting for him.
Holding the keys in her hand, she watched him leave. She locked the screen door, then the front door, and went to the breakfast table, where she sat for over an hour, staring at the car parked in her driveway. She still couldn’t believe it. She now owned a car. A car she didn’t know how to drive. In fact, few women drove cars around town. The men of the family did the driving.
At her request, Harry taught Isla how to drive. The LaSalle was a big car, and Isla was a little woman. She had to sit on the edge of the seat to reach the pedals. If she sat back, she couldn’t see over the steering wheel. She was quite a sight to see driving that big car, but she proudly drove it to church every Sunday. But she still chose to walk to the grocery store.

***

Life finally had a sense of calm again. Franny and Harry were happily married. After Franny’s wedding, Isla had received calls from new clients wanting her to design their daughters’ wedding gowns and the bridesmaids’ dresses. Weddings were a big commitment, but Isla threw herself into each event, trying to leave the past behind.
Sunday dinners cooked by Isla became a ritual with Franny and Harry. They had been married for one year. Harry no longer worked with Pop, but he still laid hardwood floors for a different flooring company.
Harry also liked to play basketball and joined a team at Franny’s church. At one of the Saturday night games, there was a basketball scout in the audience from a semipro team. He approached Harry in the locker room after the game. The scout had a one-on-one conversation discussing joining the semipro team. Harry was excited about the possibilities the scout had offered.
The next day when Franny and Harry went to Isla’s for Sunday dinner they were beaming. Isla knew about the scout talking to Harry. She was busy putting dinner on the table and figured they would tell her about it once they were all seated.
The house was filled with wonderful smells of dinner cooking when they arrived. Harry always complimented Isla’s cooking. Her specialty was Swiss steak. She would cook it most of the day, and it was so tender. She made the most delicious gravy and poured it over her creamy mashed potatoes. She also cooked fresh green beans. She put them on the stove as soon as she returned from church and let them simmer for hours. For dessert, she made lemon pudding cake. She had a special recipe that she didn’t share with anyone. Franny tried to cook like her mother, but it never tasted the same. Plus Franny and Harry were on a low budget; Swiss steak was a real treat.
Sitting at the table, Isla said grace, and they started passing the food.
“We have some exciting news to tell you,” Franny said, smiling and winking at Harry.
“Oh! What is it?” asked Isla, thinking it must be about Harry’s basketball playing.
“I’m pregnant!” Franny said with a giggle as Harry leaned over and kissed her on the cheek.
Isla’s reaction was slow because she had not expected to hear that she was going to be a grandmother. Throwing her hands up, she exclaimed, “That’s wonderful!” She got up and went to the other side of the table to give Franny a kiss and a hug. Her eyes overflowed with tears of joy.
“Mama, why are you crying?” asked Franny, concerned.
“Honey, they are happy tears. It is going to be so much fun having a baby in the family!”
Isla and Franny chatted about the baby during the rest of dinner, wondering if it was a boy or a girl.
Finally, Harry chimed in, saying, “I hope it’s a boy. We could go fishing and play basketball together.”
Franny and Isla laughed. “Isn’t that just like a man?” said Franny.
“We’ll probably have to find a bigger place to live when the baby comes,” said Harry. Franny saw Isla frowning.
“Don’t worry, Grandmother, we’ll find a place close by,” said Franny, smiling. And they did. They found a small house to rent about two blocks from Isla.
The excitement about being a grandmother gave Isla a sense of purpose. It didn’t take long for her to busy herself making maternity smocks for Franny. In case it was a girl, Isla made some darling dresses for the baby, with smocked fronts and hand-embroidered roses.
The husband of one of Isla’s customers was a doctor, Dr. Winco. Harry and Franny decided he would be the one to deliver their firstborn. At Franny’s seven-month visit, Dr. Winco said he thought she might be having twins.
“Twins!” shouted Franny. “You mean I have two babies inside me?”
“Yes,” Dr. Winco replied with a smile. “That’s how twins are born.” Realizing what a silly question that was, they both laughed.
The new parents-to-be didn’t know if they should be excited or panic. Isla shared in the news, urging Franny to take it easy and quit work as the doctor had instructed. At eight months, Franny took to bed rest on the couch. Isla stayed with her during the week, while Harry worked. Isla completed her sewing projects in the evening and late at night. Her priority was Franny and the pending newborns.

***

The babies were due, and Franny’s labor had started. Harry was a frantic “Daddy-to-be.” Franny had gone over the plan with him several times, but now everything she had told him was forgotten. He ran to the car and then back to the house. He grabbed her overnight bag, ran to the car, and then ran back to the house to help her get into the car. Finally, they were on their way. Harry called Isla from the hospital and told her he would call her back as soon as the babies were born.
Franny was still in labor the next day. Her petite frame was having a hard time delivering. Harry decided these were going to be the only babies they would ever have. He never wanted to see Franny go through that much suffering again. He could not stand feeling so helpless and not being able to ease her pain. Dr. Winco called in one of his associates to assist him in performing a Caesarean section to deliver the twins.
The blessed event finally happened. On April 4, 1939, two girls were born. Each weighed four pounds, and each had a head of hair that was black like Harry’s and curly like Franny’s. They weren’t identical but very close. They named the girls Emily (Emma) and Janelle (Jani). Franny was an avid reader, and in one of her novels, there were twins with those names, who were tall and statuesque. She thought that if she gave her twins the same names, they would resemble the two heroines. The twins soon became the sunshine of Isla’s life. Franny and Harry adored the babies, and Harry said he couldn’t wait until they were old enough to take fishing.

***

Harry had steady work, and Franny and Isla enjoyed every minute they spent with the twins. By the time they were one year old, they were normal in weight and height. Emma’s hair was darker and curlier than Jani’s.
The years passed quickly. When the girls were three years old, a salesman came to the door, soliciting students for children’s dance lessons at a local dance studio in Pomona. When he saw the twins, he said they would be perfect for their beginner’s class. He explained that several mothers in the neighborhood had signed up their girls of the same age.
Franny could visualize her little darlings on stage in cute dance costumes made by their grandmother. She wanted them to take dancing lessons, but Harry was not sure if they could afford the weekly expense. When Isla heard about the dance studio, she offered to pay for half the cost of the lessons.
The girls started lessons at Dorothy Williams Dance Studio in downtown Pomona. Franny looked forward to taking them to their lessons each week, watching while they learned ballet and tap. The last ten minutes of each class they learned tumbling. Jani was the dare-devil, willing to try anything. Her teacher loved Jani’s eagerness and spent extra time with her.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
One night after work and the girls were put to bed, Franny watched Harry as he stared off into space.
“Looks like you have something on your mind. Is there a problem at work?” Franny asked.
“No, I was just thinking about that basketball agent. I never heard back from him.” He looked so disappointed.
Franny went over to him and sat on his lap, putting her arms around his neck. “You have a family now, and if you played ball, you would have to travel. We would miss you too much.”
“I know,” he said, giving her a kiss, “and now a war is breaking out.”
“We don’t have to worry about that. They aren’t drafting men with children.”
“It’s just a matter of time. I heard they are increasing the draft, and families aren’t going to make a difference.”
“I can’t stand the thought of you going to war. Let’s not talk about it now,” said Franny snuggling up in Harry’s arms.
Harry and Franny had a small group of best friends. Lucille, Franny’s childhood friend, and her husband Sam were expecting their first child. Others in the group were Janice and Bill, who had a one-year-old boy, and Nancy and Bob, who hadn’t started their family. Nancy was concerned she might not be able to conceive but felt there was plenty of time because they were in their mid-twenties. The small group gathered every Friday night for a game of cards. They would take turns meeting at each other’s house and shared in a potluck dinner.
One afternoon, Lucille called Franny in a panic. “Did you get your mail today?” she asked.
“Not yet, why?” She could tell Lucille was upset.
“Sam received his draft notice in the mail. He won’t be here when the baby is born.” She started to cry.
“I’m so sorry, Lucy. I hoped the war would be over before they started drafting men with families. Nancy said she thinks Bob isn’t going to wait for the draft. He’s going to enlist in the navy. Bill has one leg shorter than the other, so Janice doesn’t think he can pass the physical.” There was silence on the phone as they both were worried. “I know it’s not the same as having Sam here when the baby is born, but you know all us girls will be here for you.”
“I know,” said Lucille. “I’ve just been dreading the draft. Sam and I have talked about what we would do if it happened to us. He said if he was drafted before the baby was born, I could go and live with his sister. She is only ten miles away, and I’d still be close to my friends.”
“I don’t know what I’ll do if Harry is drafted. I guess I’d move back with my mother. She would love that.”
“She sure would,” said Lucille, and they both laughed.
Every day when the mail came, Franny’s stomach would get queasy. A few weeks passed, and finally, a letter from the Selective Service System arrived for Harry. Franny was holding the envelope unopened when Harry came home from work. They sat together a few minutes, just staring at the envelope. Harry finally opened it. The notice ordered him to report to the army recruiting office in three weeks. Franny broke down in tears. Harry held her tightly and assured her he would be all right. They decided that Franny and the twins would go to live with Isla. The draft consisted of a two-year commitment.
Franny called Isla to let her know that Harry received his draft notice and asked if they could stay with her while he was gone. Isla worried about Harry going to war but was happy that the girls would be living with her.
Harry called his parents to let them know. “Hi, Ma. How are you and Pop doing?”
“We’re okay. Pop’s working, and I’m busy keeping house. How are you and the girls?”
“Just fine, except I received my draft notice today. I have to report to the recruiting office in three weeks.” Harry’s mother broke down crying. Not able to talk, she handed the phone to Pop who had just walked in from work.
“What’s wrong?” asked Pop.
“I just told Ma I received my draft notice today.”
“Oh,” he replied in a woeful tone. “Mother’s not doing well, and the news that you have been drafted is just too much for her to handle. Kirk didn’t want to wait for the draft and enlisted in the air force last week. John feels the same way and told us yesterday he is going to enlist in the navy.”
“I didn’t know. I haven’t talked to either of them lately.”
“Three sons going to war is too much for one family. Let me know when you have to leave.”
“Okay, Pop. I’ll talk to you later.”
Harry told his employer he had been drafted. He was given time off to move out of their rented house and store their furniture in Isla’s garage. The living space was a little crowded, but the twins had no problem settling in at Isla’s.
After the meeting at the recruiting office, he was told to report to the Greyhound bus station the following week, where he would then be taken to Fort Ord. The station was crowded with men and their families to see them off for their basic training. Franny, the twins, and Isla were there, as well as Harry’s mother and father. Harry’s mother started to cry before Harry boarded the bus.
“Ma, don’t cry,” Harry said, putting his arm around her.
“I’m so afraid you won’t come back,” she whimpered.
“It’s just basic training. I’ll be safe there,” he said, giving his mother a smile.
She had fears for Kirk and John, too. Franny desperately tried to hold back the tears until Harry boarded the bus. Her tears welled up and finally spilled over her cheeks as Harry waved from the bus window; reality was setting in.
Basic training was rough. Recruits had to be strong, learn the schedule, follow the rules, and do what they were told. This was the first time Harry had been separated from his family. He was lonely, but he was not the only one. Most of the other men had families, too. They shared their family pictures and talked about how much they missed everyone at home.
Franny wrote to Harry every week. The girls wrote a letter, too. They couldn’t write, but they scribbled on a piece of paper and sent it with Franny’s letter. Sometimes they placed it in a separate envelope, and Isla drew a postage stamp in the corner. The mailman knew about the pretend letters, so he played along. Harry wrote as often as he could.
After basic training, Harry was given a one-week furlough. He took the bus home before going to Germany. It was a short visit with Franny and the girls, but they loved every minute they had together. When it was time for Harry to leave, they all went to the train station to see him off. Germany was so far away and dangerous. This time Franny couldn’t hold back the tears. She cried all the way to the station as Harry held her in his arms and Isla drove. Pop and Ginny didn’t go to the train station to see Harry off. It was just too much for Ginny.
Harry’s year in Germany was worse than he had imagined. He was not prepared to experience the death of friends or strangers. The hardest situation to deal with was seeing small children killed for no reason. He found it difficult to appear manly and indifferent. Many times when alone at night, the visions would revisit his mind, and he would think of Jani and Emma. His tears flowed uncontrollably as he buried his face in his pillow to muffle the sound of his tears and fears.
After a year in Germany, he was reassigned to the Philippines. In between, Harry was given another short furlough to return home. He hardly recognized the twins, they were growing so fast. He looked forward to putting the war behind him. He referred to it as “hideous actions,” but he didn’t go into any details. He didn’t share any of his war experiences with Franny. He told her he didn’t want to talk about it.
The following year, the girls were ready to start kindergarten. The school was only three blocks from Isla’s house; it was an easy walk. Franny and Isla walked them to school every morning, and both met the girls after school to walk them home. Harry had served two years and knew he would soon get to go home, but the actual date was unknown.
One morning, before the girls went to school, a taxi stopped in front of Isla’s house. It was Harry. He was home.
“It’s Harry!” shouted Franny. “He’s home!”
“Daddy! Daddy!” the girls yelled as they darted out the back door, followed by Franny running down the driveway into Harry’s arms. They almost knocked him over with hugs and kisses. He held Franny for a long time, not ever wanting to let her go. Isla watched from the kitchen window, giving them their private family time.
Franny let the girls stay home from school; it was a special day. Harry had gifts for everyone. He had matching kimonos for the twins and brought nylon stockings for Franny and Isla, which was a real luxury that they couldn’t buy in the States. He gave Franny a hand-carved music box. It played, “I’ll Be Loving You, Always.” That was their love song, which had been played at their wedding ceremony.
The next day when the twins went to school, they told their teacher that their daddy had come home from the war. She knew how important it was when anyone returned home, so she made a special announcement to the class. All the kids clapped hearing the news, and the twins enjoyed the recognition.
Harry never wanted to talk about the war, what he saw, or what happened there. He was just glad to be home safe. The first night the girls wanted to sleep with Franny and Harry. Not exactly what Harry had in mind, but being in bed with Franny and able to hold her close would be enough for now.
“Okay, but just one night,” said Franny. While Harry had been gone the twins took turns sleeping with either Franny or Isla. The next night they fussed, wanting to sleep with their mommy and daddy again. After some coaxing and Isla’s promises to tell them a story about her imaginary pet poodle who talked and wore red nail polish, they finally gave in. In the morning the girls ran and jumped in bed for cuddle-wuddle time with their mommy and daddy.
There was a noticeable change in Harry since he returned from the army. He was distant. Franny just figured he was going through a period of adjustment. She would give it a little time. He had been home for a week when he received a phone call from Pop.
“Harry, how are you doing?” asked Pop.
“I’m fine, Dad. How’s Ma?”
“Not good, not good at all. We just received a call from Kirk’s commander. His plane was shot down last night, and he didn’t survive.”
At first, what Pop was telling him didn’t sink in. “Dad, I’m coming over. I’ll be right there.” He hung up the phone.
“Harry, what’s wrong?” asked Franny, seeing the shocked look on his face.
“That was Dad. Kirk was shot down last night, and he’s dead.”
Franny gasped and went to Harry and put her arms around him. “That’s terrible.”
“I’m going over to Dad’s. I’m sure Mom is a mess.”
“Do you want me to go with you?”
“No. You stay here with the girls. I’ll be back later.”
Kirk was Harry’s favorite brother. He was only twenty-three years old. Once his body was sent home, the family had the funeral at the Pomona Cemetery. Many of Kirk’s friends from school attended the service, along with some of the men who had served with him in the air force. Dr. Winco was called after the service to give Ginny something to calm her down and help her sleep.
Ginny’s health slowly declined after Kirk’s death. During Harry’s early married years, neither Ginny nor Pop made an effort to visit with Harry’s family. Now that Harry was home, he made time to visit with his mother and father. He would take the twins over, thinking that would cheer her up. After all, they were their only grandchildren. Ginny made little conversation with them. She spent most of her time reading the Bible. She carried it around with her throughout the house. Pop would ask how the family was doing and how work was going. That was the extent of their conversations.

***

Harry, Franny, and the twins continued to live at Isla’s. Franny was still concerned about Harry. His former tenderness during lovemaking was gone. In fact, he was a little rough with Franny during their intimacy. It sometimes scared her. Had he paid for sex while he was in Germany or the Philippines? she wondered. She was not sure she wanted to know. She finally spoke to Harry about it, and he was very defensive. She decided he just needed more time.
The owner of the flooring company where Harry had previously worked offered him his job back. Jobs weren’t easy to find, but Harry had a good reputation and excellent skills laying hardwood floors. He was assigned to a new tract of homes being developed in south Pomona, bordering Chino. Harry had his eye on one of the new houses on a corner lot. He liked it because it had a big front yard.
One Saturday, Harry suggested they go for a ride. Franny was more than willing, and the twins didn’t waste any time getting into the car. Harry tried to take the family for a ride every weekend, and for a treat, they usually stopped for ice cream cones. It had not been easy living at Isla’s house. It was crowded with two little girls and three adults in a two-bedroom house and one bathroom. Isla was more than accommodating, but Harry wanted to find a house for his family.
Staying at Isla’s allowed them to save enough money to buy a car and set aside funds for a down payment on a house. 
The new housing development was about thirty minutes from Isla’s house. He hoped that would not be an issue when it came time to tell her they were moving.
“Where are we going?” asked Franny, not recognizing the direction of previous drives they had taken.
“Just for a ride,” answered Harry vaguely. “I thought I would show you where I’m working.” Franny didn’t question Harry when he pulled up in front of one of the unfinished houses. “Let’s get out and take a look at this house. It might be our future home.”
“Are you kidding?” replied Franny, giving him an excited look. They had talked about buying a house, but Franny had no idea it would be so soon.
The house was only in the framing stage, and the yard area was still dirt. One had to have an imagination to see the possibilities. Harry, being in the business, was a visionary.
“Here’s the kitchen,” said Harry, walking her through the house, explaining where each room was located. “Be careful,” he yelled at the girls as they ran back and forth between the unfinished partitions. “There are loose nails, and I don’t want you to get hurt.”
Harry continued, “I talked to the developer, and I think we can qualify for a veteran’s loan.”Taking Franny by the hand, he showed her where the backyard and the property lines were.
“There is room back here for me to have a flower garden, just like mother’s. Do you really think we could buy this house?” asked Franny, excited about the possibility.
“I don’t see why not. If it’s okay with you, I’ll start the paperwork on Monday. I talked to my boss, and because it is still in the framing stage, we can add a den to the back of the house.”
Franny hugged Harry, hoping their dreams to own their own home would come true. That night she could hardly sleep, planning furniture placement in her new home. Their furniture was stored in Isla’s garage, and it would be wonderful to have their own things again.
Two weeks passed, and the bank let Harry know his veteran’s loan had been approved. Franny was excited, and keeping it from her mother had been difficult. She didn’t want to say anything until they were sure they could buy the house.
“I guess it’s time to tell Mother,” said Franny to Harry that night when they went to bed.
“I’m going to leave that up to you.”
“It might be hard for her at first, but she knew we weren’t going to live here forever. I’ll tell her in the morning.”
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
It was Monday morning; Isla and Franny sat at the breakfast table, having a cup of coffee after walking the girls to school.
“Mama, Harry and I have found a house to buy in south Pomona,” said Franny with a smile. Isla looked up from her coffee a little surprised. “It has been wonderful living with you while Harry was in the service, but it’s time for us to move to a home of our own.”
“It’s been wonderful having you here,” said Isla, nodding with a smile.
“The house is in a new development where Harry is working. I didn’t tell you sooner because I wanted to make sure our loan was approved. The house will be finished a month before school starts in September. That will give us plenty of time to settle in and get the girls enrolled.” Franny waited for Isla to respond.
Isla reached over and patted the top of Franny’s hand. “I’m so happy for you. Yes, it is time for you and Harry to set up your own house. I knew living here was just temporary.”
“As soon as the house is close to being finished, I’ll take you to see it. I will need your help with decorating.”
“I can’t wait,” replied Isla as she sat listening to Franny describe the house. Franny could see the sadness in her mother’s eyes. They both knew it was a good thing for their family.

***

When the house was nearly finished, Harry planted grass. Several times a week he checked to see how the house was coming along and watered the lawn. By the time they were ready to move in; they had a beautiful green yard.
“Mom, would you like to go and see the house today?” asked Franny. “We can go before the girls get home from school.”
“I have a customer coming in for a fitting at eleven this morning, and then I’ll be ready to go. I’m looking forward to helping you with all the trimmings,” she said with a smile.
Entering through the front door, the living room was to the right with a fireplace. The dining area was set back from the entry. The east side of the house was all windows, with a sitting bench at the base. Isla suggested tieback curtains out of unbleached muslin and decorative pillows along the bench. The kitchen was in the back of the house facing a small backyard and detached garage.
“Come and see the area on the other side of the garage,” said Franny. “I want to plant a flower garden just like yours.” As they walked outside, she pointed to the area closest to the garage.
“Here is a perfect place to plant some snapdragons and let them climb up the side of the fence,” said Isla. “It will get the morning sun.”
Returning to the inside of the house, Franny showed her mother the girls’ bedrooms along the west side of the house and the master bedroom, which was in the front.
“The girls will each have their own room, and this small room is a den for Harry to relax after work,” said Franny, showing Isla the room next to the kitchen.
“You decide what color you want the bedrooms, and we can pick out fabric together for their curtains,” said Isla.
“That will be so much fun,” replied Franny. “I want the kitchen to be yellow. Maybe we can find some material with small yellow flowers for the window over the sink.”
“This is a lovely home,” said Isla. “I’m sure your family will be very happy here, and I’m going to have fun helping you decorate.” Isla desperately tried to hide her heavy heart about them moving on.
Harry, Franny, and the girls moved into their new home in August. They were one of the first families in the neighborhood. The majority of the other homes were still vacant. The new subdivision was surrounded by walnut groves. About a half mile west of their house was a small grocery store with a one-pump gas station named Pete’s. A half mile east was Scott’s Brothers Dairy, which served most of the Pomona Valley.
The girl’s school was one mile away. They would have to walk because Harry needed the car to go to work. Besides, Franny did not know how to drive. Pomona’s bus service did not include a route to the school.

***

Emma and Jani were going to be in second grade. Once they were enrolled in school, Franny signed up to be a room mother. That was something she had been looking forward to. Because of Jake’s reputation, Isla had kept a low profile and never participated in any of Franny’s school functions.
She had promised herself that once she had children she would be part of all their activities. She also volunteered to work at the school cafeteria once a week. She walked with the girls to school every morning and met them after school to escort them home.
The girls still took dance lessons and were preparing for their annual recital. Isla was busy making their dance costumes. They each had two numbers to perform, a tap routine and a ballet dance.
The recital was held at a local auditorium, and all the families attended. Eight girls were in Jani and Emma’s performance. They marched onto the stage in single file, waiting for the music to start. Two of the little girls looked scared to death. The music started.
“Look at the one on the end,” Franny whispered to Isla. “She is dancing faster than the others. They are so cute.”
“I don’t think any of them are doing the same dance,” Isla whispered back. “Oh dear, that one in the middle has forgotten the routine. I think she is going to cry.”
To dance in an auditorium with a big audience was overwhelming for most of the children, but not Emma and Jani. Although they didn’t stay in step with the others, they thought they were the best dancers.
Franny, Harry, and Isla told them what a good job they both did.
“I think I did better,” said Jani.
“No, I did better than you,” replied Emma.
“You were equally wonderful,” said Franny. “We loved watching both of you.”
Isla missed having the girls around every day and asked to have them spend the weekends with her. She wanted them to take piano lessons. Franny and Harry didn’t have a piano but Grandma Isla did. She asked if they could come on Fridays after school, then she would take them to their lessons on Saturday, and they could go to church together with her on Sunday morning.
Harry and Franny agreed. Isla would bring them home after church, and they could have Sunday dinner together. Some weekends while the girls were at Isla’s, Harry and Franny would go to Big Bear Lake and go fishing. When they could afford it, they spent the night at Gray’s Camp. Harry loved to fish. The weekends at Grandma’s became a weekly routine for the next two years.

***

The Pomona neighborhood was growing, and the girls had many friends. Most of the homes in the new development had sold. A group of five to six children walked to school together, and the twins thought they were big enough to walk without Franny, but she was not ready to let go.
“Mommy, we’re going to be in fourth grade this year! Can we walk to school alone?” asked Emma.
“I don’t think so,” replied Franny.
“Oh, please, Mommy? We know the way. We won’t get lost, and we’ll always stay together,” begged Jani.
“Mary Beth and her brother get to walk by themselves,” added Emma. “You can trust us.”
“It’s not that I don’t trust you, and I know you know the way,” replied Franny. “I worry about strangers along the way. I want to make sure you are safe. Let me talk to Daddy tonight. I’ll let you know tomorrow.”
The walnut grove north of their house was still undeveloped, and some of the children used it as a shortcut. Franny had heard that there was a camp of homeless men living in the grove. She didn’t feel it was safe.
After the girls were tucked in bed that night, Franny told Harry what the girls wanted to do. They agreed that Franny would walk with them halfway. Once they had passed the groves, they could walk the rest of the way by themselves or with their friends. Excited about the news, the twins felt like big girls.
A grocery store named Baker’s Market opened up across from Pete’s gas station/store. That hurt Pete’s business, but the neighborhood kids still went there to buy penny candy. If the store hadn’t been a combination gas station, it would have gone out of business. The following year, Chevron opened up a service station on the north corner. Soon after that, Pete’s closed.
Next, a drugstore was built called Morrison’s Drug. Morrison’s was a fun store to visit. It had toys, office and school supplies, candy, ice cream, and sodas. Soon a church joined the community, but Emma and Jani still went to the First Christian Church with Isla.

***

It was early Friday morning when the phone rang. It was Amy. She started crying as soon as she heard Isla’s voice.
“Amy, what’s wrong?” asked Isla.
“It’s Rod.”
“Rod? What happened?”
Amy continued to cry. Finally, she managed to say, “He’s had a heart attack!”
“Oh no! When? Is he going to be okay?”
“No, Isla. It happened last night after he got home from work. He said he didn’t feel right, and he sat down to watch the news on our new television set. I went to the kitchen to get us some lemonade, and when I came back…” Amy started crying again. Isla waited. “When I came back, he was slumped over in his chair. I called for an ambulance right away. He was rushed to the hospital. He’s gone, Isla. He’s gone,” she sobbed.
“Oh Amy, I’m so sorry. Do you want me to come over?”
“Could you? I really need you.”
“I’ll get there as soon as I can,” said Isla, and she hung up.
Isla called Franny to tell her the news, and that she wouldn’t be picking up the girls for the weekend. Franny loved Aunt Amy; she was the only family she knew. Franny didn’t visit her often, but Isla always stayed in touch with Amy by phone.
Arriving at Amy’s a little later than planned, Isla was met by Tom, Amy’s son, and his wife, Jewel. Amy was resting in her bedroom. When she heard Isla’s voice, she got up to meet her.
“I’m so glad you’re here,” said Amy, hugging Isla, and, they cried together.
They stayed up talking until early morning. Tom said he would handle the funeral arrangements, and Amy was glad to have him take charge. Isla stayed at Amy’s until the funeral on Tuesday, which was a brief graveside ceremony. Franny and Harry came for the funeral, and many of Rod’s co-workers attended. Amy was exhausted by the end of the day.
“Amy, why don’t you come home with me for a while?” invited Isla.
“Oh, I don’t know,” said Amy. She seemed to need to be coaxed. Tom encouraged her to go, and he promised to take care of everything at her house. On Wednesday, she packed up a few of her things, and the two got into the LaSalle and returned to Isla’s home. They really had missed each other’s company and had a comforting time reminiscing.
When Tom called his mother to see how she was doing, he could tell by the sound of her voice that she was at peace being with Isla. The following week, during a visit with his mother at Aunt Isla’s, he noticed a house for sale across the street.
Later that week, Tom called his mother. “Mom, I have some extra money from my year-end bonus, and I would like to make the down payment for you on the house for sale across the street from Isla,” he said.
“Oh my! I hate to leave my neighborhood friends, but it would be wonderful to be with Isla again,” Amy responded with absolute joy in her voice.
Tom handled the sale of Amy’s house and the purchase of the new one. Within two months, Amy moved across the street from Isla. It was fantastic having her sister living so close. They truly had missed each other.
Rod had left a substantial retirement account and life insurance. Along with the funds from the sale of Amy’s house, she would not have any future financial worries. The sisters enjoyed every minute together. Amy loved being with Jani and Emma. Tom’s wife, Jewel, could not conceive, so Amy accepted the twins as her substitute grandchildren.
The two sisters enjoyed taking the twins to the movies. One of the things the twins loved most was paper dolls. Amy, Isla, and the twins would go to town and buy the latest collection. Jani would buy Roy Rogers and Dale Evans, and Emma would buy Betty Grable and ballet dancers. With the help of Isla and Amy, the twins spent hours cutting them out. Amy also kept a collection of coloring books and crayons at her house so the girls would have something to do when they visited her. Isla was content; she had her sister across the street and her grandchildren every weekend.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Franny looked for a new dance studio for the girls. She wanted them to take semi-private lessons. She felt the girls needed more individual attention, even if it would be more expensive. She soon found a studio whose lessons were priced reasonably, named Co-Op Dance Studio. Franny discussed it with Harry when he got home from work. Harry hesitated at first, but he also felt the girls were talented and needed individual attention if they were going to advance.
They put together a budget, breaking down the house payment in fourths, setting it aside from each weekly paycheck, and then made the cost for the dance lessons a priority. What was left over was for gas, utilities, and groceries.
During December and January, the rainy season, Harry’s work was unpredictable. If it rained, he didn’t work. He estimated their monthly living expenses and set aside a small portion of each paycheck to cover at least six weeks of unemployment during the winter. Whenever possible, he would get Saturday work on the side.
Harry and Franny were proud of the girls’ self-expression in dance. Emma excelled in ballet. Jani liked tap and acrobatics; she thought ballet was too slow. They both performed in the annual school talent show.
Co-Op Dance advertised on television, a weekly fifteen-minute spot on KTLA, Channel 5. The twins were chosen to be part of the show. The attention they received from their friends made them feel like movie stars.
The studio owners had a grandson, Charles, who was two years older than the girls. They thought the twins would make cute dance partners for him. The studio paired them up, giving them free lessons with Charles. Charles and the girls also performed during intermission at the Fox Theatre at Saturday matinees. Isla was in her glory making all the costumes, including Charles’s. Amy helped by doing the hand-sewing sequins on their outfits. The other girls in the studio were envious of the twins, feeling they were favored.
In September, the Los Angeles County Fair opened in Pomona. Co-Op Dance Studio had all their students perform in the Home Show Building. To the young girls, the stage seemed enormous, the largest one they had ever performed on. Isla and Franny were backstage with the girls at all times helping them change costumes. A big thing for the twins when they performed was that Franny let them wear lipstick.

***

The following year, before the Los Angeles County Fair started, Franny’s neighbors, Marie and Al, had a booth in the Flower and Garden Building, selling garden hoses and sprinkler systems. They asked Franny if she would like to work the booth by handing out brochures and greeting customers.
Although Franny’s beauty would be a good attraction for business. Her hair and makeup were always perfect. She had recently bleached her hair blond and resembled Marilyn Monroe. She was a real head-turner. She was flattered by the offer and told Marie she would have to discuss it with Harry. When Harry returned from work that night, Franny told him about Marie’s offer for her to work at the fair.
“I really don’t want you working outside the home. Your job is taking care of the girls and the house,” said Harry.
“I wouldn’t consider it a work commitment. The fair is only for ten days,” she said, waiting for Harry to comment. “Harry, I really want to do this. I think it would be fun. I’ll make sure my schedule doesn’t conflict with the girls’ dance lessons and performances.” He still didn’t say anything. “Christmas is just a few months away, and the extra money would come in handy.”
The money for Christmas would be nice, thought Harry. He wanted to buy the girls bicycles and didn’t know if he could afford it. Reluctantly, he agreed.
“We will also get free passes to the fair,” Franny added with a smile.
Hmm, thought Harry. And maybe passes to the grandstand for the horseraces.
One of Harry’s work buddies had previously asked him if he wanted to catch a few horseraces at Santa Anita after work. If they started work at six in the morning, they would be done in time to catch the last two races and could get in free. At first, he declined, but then thinking he could use some recreation since all he did was work, he reconsidered. Harry had never been to a horse race before. He found it very exciting and bet two dollars on the last two races and won. When the horses turned the last bend on the track and headed for the finish line, the crowd roared. He joined in to help bring his horse across the finish line. He was hooked!
Franny’s world revolved around the girls and their dancing. Along with being a room-mother at their school, once a week she held a Good News Club meeting at their house. The club consisted of a thirty-minute Bible story, with cookies and punch at the end of the storytime. The club was open to any child in the neighborhood who wanted to attend. Franny was also the Girl Scout leader for the twins. The meetings were held at her house once a week. Her life was changing, and she looked forward to the job at the fair.
Harry didn’t care what Franny did during the day, as long as the neighbor children were gone by the time he got home from work. He was tired and wanted the house quiet. In fact, he seldom attended the girls’ dance performances anymore. If they were on Saturdays, he was working or at the horse races. If they were in the evening, he was too tired. The girls always looked for Harry in the audience, but it was a rare occasion when he was there. His life was changing, too.
Franny needed to attend a training session on Wednesday and Thursday, before the opening of the fair on Friday. She was excited about her new adventure and made arrangements for the girls to go to a neighbor’s after school until Harry got home. On Friday, Isla picked up the girls after school as usual because they were still taking piano lessons.
Home life became hectic with Franny working at the fair and the family adjusting to Franny’s work schedule. Franny went to work at noon and most of the time didn’t get home until eleven at night. Marie or Al provided her transportation to and from the fair. Harry and the girls were already asleep when Franny got home. In the morning, Harry had already left for work by the time Franny and the girls woke up.
The second day of the fair, Al introduced Franny to Clyde, the owner of the sprinkler system company. He was in his early forties. He was tall, with a golden tan that set off his blond, wavy hair. He was very personable and showed an interest in Franny. In previous years, Clyde seldom attended the fair booth. He left Al to manage the event. This year he seemed to be more interested in the fair presentation and attended daily. The truth was, he was attracted to Franny, and she enjoyed the attention she received.
One night, Al got sick, and Clyde told him to go home early.
“I can’t,” said Al. “I have to take Franny home after closing up.”
“No problem,” said Clyde. “I’ll close up and give Franny a ride home.”
Franny was flattered. The drive home took about forty-five minutes, and they made small talk about their families. Franny found it nice to talk with another man, and he certainly seemed interested in everything she had to say. The next day, Clyde asked Franny to go to lunch with him. It seemed to be okay with her schedule, so she did. This went on for a week. Franny thought they were building a nice friendship.
The following week, Al had to leave early to pick up more product at the warehouse. Again, Clyde offered to give Franny a ride home. When they got to Franny’s house, Clyde reached over and kissed her.
“Clyde?” she said as she pulled away with shock. “What do you think you are doing? Have you forgotten that I’m married?”
“I’m sorry, Franny,” he replied. “I’m attracted to you and hoped you felt the same way.”
“No, Clyde. I’m married.” She quickly left the car and hurriedly walked into her house.
Harry was already asleep. She kissed him as she crawled into bed and said, “I’m home.”
“Hmm,” replied Harry. “Glad you’re home.” He put his arm around her as she curled up next to him.
She had a hard time getting to sleep, thinking about the kiss and the attention Clyde gave her. She had to admit, she was infatuated with him. The romance is gone from my marriage, she thought. Harry is so busy with his work, and I’m busy with the twins. I wonder if we can get our passion back.
Clyde felt Franny was interested in him. He continued to pursue her. A lot of flirting went on between the two of them, and they had several lunches and dinners together at the fair.
The last night of the fair, Clyde was leaving early and asked Franny to walk him to his car. She knew it was going to be the last time she would see him. When they got to Clyde’s car, in the darkness of the parking lot, he pulled her close to him. This time she didn’t pull away. He kissed her. She kissed him back.

***

It was a Monday morning, and the fair had been over for a week.
The girls were off to school, and Franny was sitting at the kitchen table when the phone rang. It was Clyde. He asked how she was doing and then asked her to lunch. Franny had thought a lot about Clyde during the past week but was surprised by his invitation.
“No. That would not be a good idea,” said Franny, but Clyde continued to coax her.
“It’s just lunch,” he said. Franny was quiet. “It’s not a date. I want to talk to you about a part-time job with my company.”
“I’m not sure I want a job.”
“It’s part-time,” he continued. Franny was still quiet. “Just meet me for lunch, and hear what I have to offer.”
“Well, I guess that would be all right.” Franny agreed to meet Clyde at Baker’s Market. She didn’t want her neighbor, Marie, to see him pick her up. Franny walked to the market and met him at 11:00 a.m. They drove for about thirty minutes. Franny was glad to see Clyde again but felt a little uncomfortable.
“What are we doing here?” asked Franny as they pulled in the parking lot at Brackett Air Field in La Verne.
“We’re going to lunch.”
“But this is an airport,” she said, puzzled.
“Yes, and I have my plane waiting for us. We’re going to Palm Springs for lunch.”
Clyde parked the car and then went to the passenger side and opened the door for Franny. For a minute, Franny was a little scared but excited at the same time.
She didn’t get out of the car but looked up at him and said, “I’ve never been in a plane before.” He took her hand, helping her out of the car. “I can’t go. I have to be home for the girls by three o’clock.”
“We will be back in time. It’s not even noon. I’ll have you back by two,” he assured her.
Hesitating, she thought a minute. “Are you sure we will be back by two?”
“I promise. In fact, I will try to get you back before then.”
“I’ve never been in a plane before. I’m a little scared.”
“There is nothing to be scared about. I fly all the time.” He walked her to the plane. The pilot was waiting for them and helped Franny board. She tried to sit back and enjoy the adventure.
It was a beautiful day, and they had clear weather for flying.
“Just sit back and relax while we take off,” Clyde told Franny.
She sat quietly as she watched the pilot work the instruments and talk with the tower. Clyde reached over and patted her hand as the plane lifted off. Franny was overwhelmed with the flying experience and hoped she would return home safely. She sat silently, thinking about what she would tell Harry.
When they landed at the Palm Springs airport, Franny let out a big sigh. She had been trying not to hold her breathe during most the flight. Clyde had a car there, and they drove to a nearby restaurant.
The sun was warm as they sat on the outside patio and ate. Franny waited for Clyde to bring up the subject of the job offer, but he didn’t mention it. On the way back, Franny asked Clyde about the part-time job he had mentioned. He said they had plenty of time to discuss it later.
They were back in town before the girls were out of school. Clyde drove Franny back to Baker’s Market. She walked home hoping that nobody saw him drop her off. I wonder if there is a part-time job, she thought. I think he used that as an excuse to get me to go to lunch with him. It was a mistake to have gone. There’s not going to be a next time, so I don’t think I need to tell Harry.
The following week, Clyde called again asking her to go to lunch. Franny had thought about him all week and knew what she was doing was wrong. Before she realized it, she had accepted the invitation.
Again, Clyde picked her up a Baker’s Market, and they flew to Palm Springs for lunch. During lunch, he told her he was separated from his wife. Franny felt guilty because she hadn’t told Harry about their lunch meetings. She lusted for the attention and the excitement Clyde had brought into her life. The following month they met several times while the girls were at school.
When Harry was not working on a Saturday, he was at the nearest horse racetrack, which had become his frequent pastime. The girls were at Isla’s for their piano lessons, leaving Franny all day to do whatever she wanted. She was restless.
If Clyde called, which he usually did, they would fly to his vacation home in Palm Springs. Instead of having lunch at a restaurant, they ate at Clyde’s house. Their trips became more involved than just lunch. Franny was weak, but she couldn’t admit to herself that she was in a full-blown affair.
One Saturday afternoon, Clyde professed his true feelings for Franny. He told her that his wife lived at their home in Pasadena, while he lived in the house in Palm Springs.
As they lay in bed together, Clyde said, “I want you to come and live with me.”
“Absolutely not!” said Franny, getting out of bed. “I could never leave Harry and my girls! In fact, we need to stop this right now. I am not being fair to my family, and I’m ashamed of myself.”
“You can’t stop your feelings. You can say it, but you can’t do it,” said Clyde.
“It’s time to take me home,” she said as she put her clothes on. How dare he tell me I can't stop, she thought. I just need to take charge of myself and end this now.
“You don’t have to leave the girls. You can bring them here to live with us,” Clyde said, putting his arms around her.
“Don’t, Clyde! It’s over! Please take me home. Now!”
“I’ll take you home, Franny, but I won’t let you out of my life.”
A few times Clyde tried to talk to Franny during the flight home.
“I have nothing more to say. This has been a big mistake. I just want to go home.” She was angry with herself for letting this relationship get out of hand. When they arrived at Baker’s Market, Franny abruptly got out of the car. “I’m sorry for my part in this relationship. Please don’t contact me again,” she said closing the door and then walked away.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
One week went by, and Clyde started calling Franny again. The first few times she hung up when she heard his voice. She finally gave in and talked to him but still refused to see him. The following week, she was reading in the front room as she waited for the girls to come home from school. Looking out the side window, she saw Clyde’s car.
He parked, and she watched him come to the door. She opened it before he had a chance to knock. “What on earth are you doing, coming to my house?” she asked.
“I had to see you,” he said, pushing the front door open. Franny backed away as he entered, closing the door behind him. Clyde grabbed her and kissed her.
Franny didn’t resist his embrace. “You shouldn’t have come here,” she said, as he held her in his arms.
“I missed you, and I know you missed me, too. Tell me you didn’t miss me.”
“My feelings are not important. I’m married, and it was a mistake to lead you on.” Franny pulled away from him. “You need to leave; the girls will be home soon.”
“I will leave on one condition; if you will meet me one more time.”
She hesitated. “Okay, but you must leave now.”
“Promise?”
“Yes, I promise,” she agreed, only to get him to leave, not planning to meet with him again.
The next day he called. “I’m at Baker’s. I need to see you.”
“No, Clyde, I’m not going to meet you.”
“If you don’t come, I’ll come to the house.”
“No, don’t.” Franny was confused. She hadn’t slept the night before, thinking about how good it felt to be in Clyde’s arms again. Maybe one more time, she thought. I must make him understand that I’m not leaving my family. “Okay. But this is the last time. Park in the back of the store. I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
When Franny saw his car, a thrill went through her entire body. I must be losing my mind, she thought. “Where are we going?” she asked when he started the car.
“Just to a place where we can talk.”
“There’s a park a few miles north on Towne Avenue. We can go there,” Franny instructed.
After pulling into an empty parking space behind the recreation building, he shut off the engine. “I don’t want to be a part-time boyfriend. I want you to leave Harry. I want us to be together. We could have a wonderful life.” He reached for Franny and pulled her close. They kissed and were lost in their passion.
“This is so wrong,” said Franny pulling away.
“Maybe, but tell me you don’t love me.”
“I do love you. You are all I think about, but I can’t continue this life of deception.” They sat in silence as Clyde waited for Franny to commit. “I can’t leave my girls. This would destroy them.”
“Sad as it is, this happens to many families. Kids are resilient and soon adjust. They will be okay.” Clyde waited for Franny to say something. “We can soon send for them. You know they would love to live in Palm Springs and have a swimming pool. They have very good schools there.”
“Oh, Clyde, I’m afraid,” she said, starting to cry.
He gently consoled her. “Honey, it will be okay. We will be so happy.”
“Harry is such a good man, and he loves me.”
“I’m sure he does. But, I love you, too. I can give you and the girls a life that you can’t have with Harry. He’s not the first man that this has happened to. He will be okay.”
“I know. I’ll tell Harry after Christmas,” she said as Clyde wiped the tears from her face. They made plans, and Franny agreed she would call him after she had told Harry. This will also give me time to sort out my feelings and to make sure I’m doing the right thing, she thought.

***

Christmas had always been a holiday Franny looked forward to, but this year her spirit was gone. She tried to cover up the best she could but was tormented about what she had decided and what she had to tell Harry.
Clyde continued to call her through the holiday, reminding her how much he loved her and wanted to be with her.
Harry hadn’t noticed any change in Franny because he was too excited about giving bicycles to the girls for Christmas. It would be the biggest Christmas they had ever had.
His parents celebrated Christmas on Christmas Eve. It was the only time of the year Harry’s side of the family was all together. Afterward, they went by Isla’s to take her home with them so she could be there Christmas morning to share in the excitement.
Jani and Emma got up early and ran together to the front room to see what Santa had left for them. They knew there really wasn’t a Santa Claus but played along with receiving their special gifts.
Franny and Harry were woken by the exciting screams of the twins when they saw the bicycles. Isla was already awake, waiting for the rest of the family to get up.
“Daddy, Mommy! Hurry and come and see what Santa left for us!” yelled the twins, bursting into their parents’ bedroom.
“What is it?” said Harry.
“It’s bicycles!” said Jani.
“We each got one!” exclaimed Emma.
Harry and Franny put on their robes and met Isla and the girls in the front room and admired the bikes.
Emma’s was pink, and Jani’s was lavender. They each had matching baskets on their handlebars. Christmas Day was sunny, so the twins were out riding their bikes all day.

***

The weekend before the New Year, Jani and Emma spent the night at Isla’s. Franny decided to tell Harry of her decision Friday night after work. When he came home, he went to the refrigerator for a beer and grabbed a box of Wheat Thins from the cupboard. Then he went to the den and sat in his favorite chair to watch the news on television. Franny followed him into the den.
“We need to talk,” said Franny as she turned off the television.
That took Harry by surprise. Seeing the serious look on Franny’s face, he sat quietly waiting to see what she had to say. Something must be wrong with her mother, he thought.
“I know this is going to be hard for you to believe,” said Franny.
“What? What is it?”
She blurted out, “I’ve met someone, and I’m going to be leaving with him.” There. She had said it. Taking a deep breath, she waited for his response.
Harry was so shocked, he didn’t know what to say. It was the last thing he expected to hear. Met someone? Who? When? he thought. Leave? To where? “What are you saying? Are you telling me you want a divorce?”
“I guess so.”
“You guess so? What kind of answer is that?” They sat in silence while Harry tried to digest what Franny had just said. “Who is he? Where did you meet him?”
When she was through telling Harry about Clyde and what she had been doing since the fair was over, he couldn’t believe what he had heard. He would have never guessed that Franny would cheat on him or that she had been unhappy in their marriage. There was no explanation for her actions, nor could she explain her feelings for Clyde. Harry’s shouting got so loud that Franny was afraid he could be heard two blocks away.
“You can’t be serious! I think you have lost your mind!” He started pacing the room. “I love you, Franny. When I was overseas, there wasn’t a day that I didn’t think of you and the twins.” He took out a worn-out picture from his wallet of Franny and the girls. “This is what helped me make it through those days,” he said, waving the picture at Franny. “I can’t believe you could turn your back on our marriage and Jani and Emma!” Harry shouted. “What kind of woman are you?”
“I will be sending for the girls later,” she responded. In her lust for Clyde, she hadn’t realized all the consequences that came with her decision.
“Oh, no you won’t! Jani and Emma are staying here. It is your decision to leave this family, and the twins will have a lot to deal with knowing their mother has abandoned them. I won’t have you uprooting the girls from their friends and school!” said Harry, waving his arms as he shouted.
“Stop yelling. There is no reason to let the neighbors know our personal life,” she said, trying to quiet him down.
“I’m not sure you have thought this through.”
“I can’t explain my feelings or the reasons for my actions. I knew it was not right.” She hesitated. “It just happened.”
“I don’t believe this,” he said, calming down, shaking his head and easing back into his chair. “You need to think about what you are doing and how it will affect the family.”
“I have thought about it. I have been fighting against my feelings for Clyde, but they are real and it is not fair for me to stay with you when I’m in love with someone else.”
Harry felt like someone had smacked him in the face. How could this be? “I want you to think about this tonight before you make your final decision. You need some time to understand what on earth you are doing to us. If you still plan to go through with this, we will have to sit down with the girls and explain to them that you are leaving.”
“I won’t be leaving them.”
“You won’t? Evidently, you aren’t looking at it as they will. You are destroying our family! You need to sleep on this, and we’ll talk about it tomorrow. Right now I can’t think straight. You can sleep in one of the girls’ bedrooms tonight.”
Franny decided to sleep in Emma’s room. Leaving the den, she turned back to face Harry. “I’m really sorry this has turned out this way. I never set out to cheat or hurt you,” she said. He just stood there staring at her as she left the room.
It was one in the morning and Harry was still up, trying to figure out what had just happened and what to do next. He finally went to bed, but he didn’t sleep. At four a.m., he decided to get up and wait for Franny’s final decision. He made the morning coffee and sat at the kitchen table, staring into space. Finally, Franny came into the kitchen. She told him she had not changed her mind, and they should sit down with the girls as soon as they came home from Isla’s on Sunday. She said she had not told her mother and was sure she would disapprove of her actions.
“Clyde is going to pick me up Monday morning after the kids are at school,” Franny told him.
“You know if you go through with this there is no turning back. There will be no second chance for you here, so make sure you are clear about what you are doing.” He waited for her to say something. She didn’t. “If you leave here, I will file for a divorce.” He waited again; she still didn’t say anything. “So it’s settled. Have a happy life,” he said as he went to his room, changed his clothes, and left the house.
Franny called Clyde to let him know what had transpired and that he could come and get her on Monday. They expressed their love for each other and hung up the phone. She sat for a long time alone in the house. I’m going to follow my heart. I’m going to be happy, she told herself. She was anxious to tell her mother and the twins. She knew it wasn’t going to be a pleasant task.
Isla brought Jani and Emma home on Sunday as usual. Franny asked to talk to her in private. Puzzled, Isla turned and looked at Harry. His face was drawn, and he appeared tired. She figured something was wrong, but she was not ready for what Franny had to tell her. Isla was appalled when Franny told her she was leaving Harry.
She could not believe what she heard. She was angry and disgusted with Franny.
“Have you lost your senses? I did not raise you to be an adulteress!” said Isla, as she glared at her daughter in disbelief.
She listened, as Franny told her the plan. “Once Clyde and I are settled in Palm Springs, I will send for the twins.”
Isla tried to explain to Franny what this would do to Jani and Emma, but it didn’t seem to make any difference.
There wasn’t much conversation during Sunday dinner. Before Isla left for home, she asked Franny to walk her to the car. “Don’t do this,” she pleaded. “You’re making a mistake, and you might not be able to turn it around.”
“I’m not going to stay in an unhappy marriage like you did, Mother. I saw how miserable your life was.”
“My situation was completely different. You can’t compare the two.”
“Unhappy is unhappy, no matter how you look at it,” Franny said, as she turned and went into the house.
It was time to sit down with the girls. Harry let Franny do the talking.
“Girls, Mommy is going away for a few weeks,” said Franny.
“Where are you going? When will you be back? What about school? Who will take us to our dancing lessons?” The girls were full of questions.
“You will stay here with Daddy and go to school. Grandmother will take you to your dancing lessons and pick you up on Fridays as usual. After church, you will come home as always. I just want you to know that Daddy and I love you very much. This has nothing to do with you. While I am gone, I’ll miss you,” she said as she started to tear up. “I’ll call you every night to see how you are doing.”
“If this makes you sad,” said Emma, seeing the tears well in her mother’s eyes, “Don’t go.”
“It’s not that easy,” said Franny. “I’m sure it’s hard for you to understand, but you must know you girls are the dearest to my heart.”
“Daddy, stop her!” pleaded Jani.
“Mommy, don’t leave us,” begged Emma as she started to cry. Jani moved close to her sister, hugging her. They both looked to their daddy for an explanation.
The girls were devastated that their mother was leaving. They didn’t understand what was going on but didn’t ask any more questions.
“Girls, it’s time for bed and to get your things ready for school in the morning,” said Franny. “I’ll come in shortly to tuck you in.”
Franny spent time with each of the girls. She hugged them when she tucked them in, reassuring them of her love. They cried while being hugged good-night and were still confused. Franny fought back the tears, too. This was much harder than she had anticipated.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Clyde picked up Franny on Monday as planned. She had second thoughts as they drove away from the house. Am I making a mistake? she wondered.
Seeing the look on her face, Clyde leaned over and kissed her. “Everything will be all right,” he said as they drove off.
Harry found it difficult coming home from work with no Franny to greet him. He was so distraught. He could hardly function.
Jani and Emma were withdrawn and stayed in their room after school. They looked to each other for comfort but still did not understand why their mother had left.
The following week, Harry called Isla and asked for help with the twins. They decided that it would be better if Jani and Emma went to live with her and go to the school near her house. The girls were not happy about changing schools and leaving their friends, but they had no choice. Franny called nightly, but it didn’t help.
“When are you coming home?” asked Emma.
“Where are you staying?” asked Jani.
“I’m in Palm Springs with a friend,” answered Franny. “It’s a beautiful house with a swimming pool. I’ll make arrangements soon for you to come and stay with me. I have to go now. You be good girls; I love you.”
As much as the twins loved being with their grandmother, they were not adjusting to the change, especially school. They didn’t mix well with the other kids. The boys were friendly, but the girls were snooty. Emma and Jani were glad they had each other. They were angry with their mother for leaving them and turning their lives upside down.
Emma and Jani sat on their grandmother’s bedroom floor, playing cards as Isla sewed on a school dress for Jani.
“Grandmother,” said Jani, “Do you think our mother will ever come home?”
“I hope so,” replied Isla.
“Do you think she still loves us?” asked Emma.
“Of course she does,” said Isla, surprised by Emma’s question.
“We don’t think she loves us, or she would have taken us with her,” said Jani.
Isla stopped what she was doing and faced the girls. She knew this was going to be a serious conversation.
“Life is sometimes very complicated for grown-ups,” said Isla. “I don’t have all the answers, but I can tell you that your mother loves you more than anything or anyone in the whole world. Your daddy loves you, too, and so do I.”
“Then why did Daddy send us here to live with you?” asked Emma, furrowing her brow.
“Your daddy is very sad,” said Isla. “He has to go to work every day and thought I could take better care of you while you are in school. This is just temporary until your school year is over.”
“What if Mommy doesn’t come back by then?” asked Jani, holding back her tears, her lower lip quivering.
It was evident that the girls were upset.
“Let’s not worry about that now,” said Isla, wanting to end their questions. “I love having you here.” She opened up her arms to encircle the girls with a hug. They stood up and ran to their grandmother’s embrace. “Let’s go bake some cookies.”
“Chocolate chip cookies?” said Jani.
“No, let’s make oatmeal cookies,” said Emma.
“How about oatmeal with chocolate chips?” said Isla as the three of them went to the kitchen.
Oh, Franny, what were you thinking? thought Isla. Your girls’ hearts are aching. Taking off with that man was a mistake. I hope when you come to your senses Harry will forgive you.

***

Harry went to Isla’s on weekends to pick up the girls and take them to lunch or a movie. He wasn’t much fun to be around, and the girls could tell he was sad.
During the following months, Harry entertained the thought of filing for divorce, but his inner thoughts hoped that Franny would come back. Although, he was not sure if he could forgive her. If she only knew the hurt she has caused me, Jani, and Emma, he thought. I hope she doesn’t wait too long to come to her senses.
Two more months passed. Harry was getting ready for work when the phone rang.
“Hello?” He could hear crying on the other end. “Franny? Is that you?”
“Harry, can you come and get me?”
“Come and get you? Why?”
“I’ve made a big mistake, and I want to come home.”
“That’s really too bad. But this isn’t your home anymore,” he said and hung up.
The phone rang again. He stood looking at it, wanting to pick it up, but instead he shut the door and went to work. He was at work physically, but mentally he was absent. Should I go get her? Should I take her back? he wondered. If she calls again, what should I say to her? What should I do? His thoughts ran rampant. He missed her so much. Did I do something to make her leave? Was it me? Why didn’t I see any signs? Maybe we can work our way through this.
After work, he called Isla. “Have you heard from Franny?” he asked.
“Yes, she called this morning. She’s at a motel and wanted to know if she could come and stay here. I told her how upset and disappointed I am with her, but I finally agreed she could come. I know how much Jani and Emma are missing her.”
“She called me this morning and said she wanted to come home. I told her she didn’t have a home here anymore. She was crying. I was angry and hung up.”
“I know how hurt you must be. Maybe once she gets here, the two of you can talk and work things out.”
“I don’t know, Isla. She left us to live with another man.” Isla could hear the anguish in his voice.
“She said she was going to take a bus but did not know what time she would arrive. Why don’t you call in the morning, and if she’s here, you can talk with her.”
“I’ll think about it. Thanks for all you have done, Isla. I don’t know what I would have done without your help.”
“It’s okay. I am glad I was here for the twins. I’m not going to tell them she called, just in case she doesn’t come right away.”
“Why don’t you have her call me when she gets there, and I’ll see how I feel.” He hung up. Now what? he wondered. I know what the girls want, and I know what I want. I just don’t know if I can do it. How will I ever trust her again?
Franny arrived at the bus depot at two in the afternoon. Before she headed to Isla’s, she went to a jewelry store and bought matching heart-shaped lockets for the twins and had their initials engraved on the front. She arrived at Isla’s around four o’clock. Jani and Emma were home from school and sitting at the breakfast table, having a snack. They saw the taxi stop in front of the house and Franny get out.
“It’s Mommy!” yelled Jani. “She’s here!”
Both the girls jumped up from the table and ran to greet her. Franny dropped her luggage on the sidewalk to give the girls a well-deserved hug. With tears in her eyes, she thought, How could I have been so stupid?
“Mommy, have you come home?” asked Emma.
“I sure have,” she said with a smile. Wiping away her tears, she saw her mother standing on the porch with her arms folded in front of her.
“Welcome home,” said Isla sarcastically, holding open the front door for Franny and the girls to come in. Franny put down her luggage and reached to hug her mother. Isla accepted the hug, but Franny felt the aloof reception.
“We were just having a snack,” said Isla. “Why don’t you join us in the kitchen? I’ll put on some coffee.”
“That sounds wonderful,” said Franny. With Jani on one side and Emma on the other, they held hands and skipped to the kitchen. “It’s so good to be home,” she said spiritedly.
“You should call Daddy and let him know you are home,” said Jani.
“I will, honey. Let me enjoy just being here with you, for now,” said Franny.
The girls were full of questions aboutwhere Franny had been and whom she was with. “I don’t want to talk about it now. We have plenty of time to talk later now that I’m back,” she said.
That night when she tucked the twins in bed, she told them, “Mommy made a big mistake, and I’m so sorry that I hurt you. What’s important is that I missed you so much I couldn’t stay away any longer. Here’s a little something to remind you how much I love you.” She handed them the lockets.
“Oh, Mommy, I love it!” they both said.
She helped them put the lockets on and gave them each a kiss good-night.
“I talked to Harry this morning,” said Isla to Franny when she closed the twins’ bedroom door. “He said for you to call him when you get here.”
“Good, I’ll call him now.”
“Harry, it’s me,” she said. “I’m at Mother’s.” As soon as she heard his voice, she started to cry.
“She told me you called and were on your way home.”
“Oh Harry, I’m so sorry. I have been so foolish. Please forgive me!” Franny pleaded.
“Maybe you should’ve thought of that before you walked away from us,” said Harry, solemnly and without emotion.
“I know you probably won’t believe me, but I do love you and the girls.” Harry didn’t respond; he just listened. “I didn’t understand what I really had until I didn’t have it anymore. I missed our family. My life was good, but I didn’t appreciate it, nor did I realize it when I was in it every day. I got caught up in thinking I wanted something more.”
“More? What more did you think you wanted?” Harry demanded angrily.
“I don’t really know. I just thought there was more to life, and I was flattered by all the attention I was getting. I was such a fool.” Again, he didn’t respond. “Harry, please forgive me and find it in your heart to take me back,” she pleaded. “I want to come home.”
“Do you really think it’s that simple?” He shook his head in disbelief. “How can I forget that you have been with another man? You turned your back on us. I don’t have a magic wand to make the hurt go away.” He quietly waited for an explanation.
“I just felt I was missing something. I was so wrapped up in the girls’ world; I thought I had lost myself like there should be more for me.” She hesitated. “I wish I could make you understand, but I can’t because I don’t understand it either.” She hesitated again and then continued. “This happens to other couples, and they get back together. It may take a little time, but I know we can work it out.”
“I don’t know,” he mournfully replied.
“Can we get together and talk?” asked Franny.
“Maybe. I’ll call you tomorrow,” he said and hung up. He was torn; his body ached for her. I want her to come home, he thought. I want my family together again.
Franny sat by the phone, crying.
“What did you expect?” said Isla. “Did you think he would greet you with open arms?”
Franny didn’t feel like having an argument with her mother. She was tired and wanted to go to sleep. “Can I have some bedding to sleep on the couch?”
“There’s bedding in the hall closet. You can help yourself,” said Isla as she turned and went to her bedroom.
She took the blankets and pillow to make up a bed. As tired as she was, sleep didn’t come easily. She thought about the last conversation between her and Clyde, which she would never divulge to Harry or her mother.

***

It was early in the afternoon when Clyde had returned to the Palm Spring’s house after running a few errands, and Franny was lying by the pool. Clyde pulled up a patio chair and sat next to her.
“It’s so peaceful here, lying in the sun,” Franny told Clyde. “When can I send for my daughters?”
He hesitated and then said, “Franny, I have something to tell you.” She sat up. By the sound of his voice, she knew it was something serious.
“What is it Clyde?” she asked, looking concerned.
“My wife and I are getting back together.”
Franny looked at him with total shock. “But what about us?”
“Well, I guess there is no us.”
“But, but you said you loved me, and I left Harry for you.” She stared at Clyde waiting for an answer. Tears ran down her cheeks. “You said I could bring my daughters here to live with us. You promised.” Her voice was getting louder.
“I know what I said, but my son is having problems at school since we separated, and I decided for his sake I should move back home.”
“That’s bull! You never planned to have a future with me.” She was mad, and reality was setting in. He never loved me. He’s a user, and I’ve been a fool, she thought. “You think because you are rich, you can just play with people’s lives. I’ve read about people like you; I just never thought it could happen to me,” she said, getting up from her lounge. “You sure played me. I wonder if I am the first little housewife you’ve screwed. I’ve been such a fool. Such a fool!”
“I’m really sorry, Franny. I did love you...”
Smack! Franny hauled off and hit him hard on his left cheek.
“I can’t believe how many times I asked to bring Jani and Emma here, but you would always say,” she wrinkled up her face and used a whiney voice, “Not yet, honey. I want you all to myself.” Returning to her normal voice, she told him, “You make me sick. I make me sick to think I fell for your line.” Franny grabbed her towel and started to go into the house. She stopped, turned to face Clyde, and said, “So what’s your plan for me now?”
“I have the plane ready to take you home,” he said, walking toward her.
“Take me home!” she screamed. “Do you think I can just walk in my house and say, ‘Harry, I’m back’? You are crazy!” A cold chill went through her body as he reached out for her. “Don’t come near me. I’ll pack and be ready in an hour,” she said, her tears still flowing. I guess I deserve this, she thought. “Would it be too much trouble for you to call a taxi to take me to the plane?” she asked.
“I’ll drive you,” replied Clyde.
“No thanks. I can’t stand to be around you.” She turned, went to her room and slammed the door. She never stopped crying as she packed her clothes. She was devastated.
The flight home to Brackett Field seemed to take forever. She tried to gather her thoughts and figure out how she was going to explain to Harry her recent actions. The novelty had worn off for Clyde, and he had cast her aside.
When they landed, the pilot helped Franny with her luggage and then handed her an envelope. She opened it. It had money in it as if she was a prostitute! She wanted to throw it back at the pilot, but she needed it; she didn’t have a cent. Where am I going to go? she wondered. I can’t just show up at the house. She wanted to sit down and cry.
Franny wanted her life back with Harry, Jani, and Emma. Never again would she let another man turn her head.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Two days after Franny arrived at Isla’s, Harry agreed to meet with her. He picked her up in the afternoon. When she opened the door, he wanted to grab her and hold her tight, and at the same time, he wanted to shake her hard for all the hurt she had caused.
“Where do you want to go and talk?” Harry asked Franny.
“Let’s go to Ganesha Park. There are some nice park benches. I’d like to sit outside and feel the sun on my face. I’m so glad to be back,” she said with a smile.
Does she expect me to be happy? thought Harry.
When they arrived at the park, they found a bench away from everyone. Franny sat down, but Harry was too restless to sit. He paced and said, “It has been very difficult and lonely for me and the girls. I had to send the twins to stay with your mother, and they had to change schools. They missed you. It was an emotional transition for all of us. I’m not fit to be around because I am heartbroken. Some days I struggled to get up to go to work, while you were off living a life of luxury with your new lover,” he said in a snide tone. “And now, you want me to forgive you and act like nothing happened?”
The meeting wasn’t going as well as Franny hoped. “Come sit down here next to me,” she coaxed, patting the bench seat.
“Meeting with you was a mistake. I don’t want to talk to you right now. I’m not ready to welcome you back. You have caused too much pain,” he said, still pacing. “Right now, I don’t even want to look at you. ”I wish I knew how to express my feelings better, thought Harry. He had never seen his mother and dad hug, not even a kiss on the cheek. He was lost when it came to showing his emotions, much less his thoughts.
“Let’s go. I’m taking you back to your mother’s,” said Harry. Franny could see the strain on his face.
“No, Harry. We need to talk about this.”
“I’m not ready. Get up; we’re leaving,” he said and started to walk to the car.
“Harry, please,” pleaded Franny as she started to sob. Oh no, he’s going to leave, she thought. How long will it take him to forgive me? Is this hopeless? I’m not going to give up. He just needs more time.
She followed Harry to the car. When they arrived at Isla’s, he reached across her and opened her door. “Harry, please talk to me!” she pleaded. 
“Get out!”
She got out and ran into the house.
Isla was waiting in the front room for Franny to return. Franny ran by crying and went to the bathroom and slammed the door. I guess it didn’t go well, thought Isla.
When she came out of the bathroom, Jani and Emma were waiting for her.
“Are we going home soon?” asked Jani.
“I want to live in our house together, with Daddy,” said Emma.
“Not yet,” Franny replied. “But soon.”
That night at bedtime, Franny went to tuck in the girls. Sitting on the side of the bed, she said, “I’m so sorry about leaving you. I love you so much. Sometimes adults make mistakes, and I made a big one. I hope you will forgive me.” The girls accepted her explanation but were still confused about what she meant by “adult mistakes.” She kissed them both goodnight and went to spend another night on the couch.
She lay in the dark, not knowing what to do next. Tears were pouring over her face. Isla heard her struggling weeping but left her to work it out herself.
Franny called Harry several times during the week, but he didn’t answer. By Friday, she couldn’t stand it any longer and decided to take the bus to Harry’s. If he wasn’t home, she would wait on the front porch for him.
Harry almost ran his car into a tree when he saw Franny sitting on the porch. I guess it’s time to talk this out, he thought. It’s not going to be easy.
Standing at the door, she waited for Harry to let her in. “Come on in and let’s talk,” he said.
After an hour of Harry hashing over his hurt and Franny trying to justify why he should forgive her, Harry agreed he would try to work things out for the sake of their daughters. Franny cried as she again confessed how foolish she had been. Harry admitted he had been unaware of her feelings and maybe needed to pay more attention to the family.
“I’m not ready for you to move home, yet,” he told her. “Why don’t you stay at your mother’s until the girls’ school semester ends?”
Franny nodded in agreement. She was ready to accept his terms as long as there was hope. Spring break was only a month away.
They returned to Isla’s, but before they went inside to talk with Jani and Emma, Harry asked, “Would you like to go to dinner next weekend? We can talk some more.”
“I’d love to. Call me and let me know what time you will pick me up,” she said cheerfully. “It’s almost like a date.”
Together they told the twins the plan for them to finish the school term at Isla’s. They objected, but with Franny living with them the time would go by faster. They looked forward to returning to their own school and classmates.
Franny and Harry went out on Saturday night, and on Sunday they spent the day with Jani and Emma. They talked about doing more things together. They hadn’t been fishing at Gray’s Camp in years. They decided to go on a vacation and take the girls fishing. They both loved the mountains and planned to put money aside each month so they could go the first week in June. They made plans to get together with their friends again on a regular basis. Franny said she needed to socialize more with adults, and Harry admitted he needed to spend more time with the family. He decided to cut back on working every weekend.
Harry was mentally drained after each meeting with Franny. His days seemed long; he couldn’t stop thinking about her being with another man. How long will it take me to forgive her? he wondered.
One night after Franny returned from dinner with Harry, Isla snidely commented, “I hope Harry is ready to forgive you.” Realizing how callous she sounded, she corrected herself. “Franny, I’m sorry. I’m glad you’re back, and I know you realize the mistake you have made.”
“Mama, we are working through this. You know I am not proud of my behavior. I just hope we can get back to normal. Harry and I are making progress on working things out. We both need to make some changes and get our priorities in the right place.”
Spring break came, and Franny, Jani, and Emma moved home. The first morning they all woke up together. Franny cooked breakfast for them, and then Harry went to work.
“Let’s make some chocolate chip cookies today. The ones Daddy likes,” said Franny. She needed some alone time with her daughters.

***

The girls returned to their neighborhood school and were happy to be with their friends as they finished the year and attended their sixth-grade graduation. Although Harry and Franny shared the same bed, it was almost two months before their lovemaking resumed. Franny once again was singing and humming as she did her housework. Laughter had returned to their family.
School was out for the summer, and Franny wanted to take the girls to the beach for some family togetherness. Harry really didn’t want to go, but he did. Harry asked Franny to go to the horse races with him. She really didn’t want to go, but she went. As a family, they planned trips to the beach and fishing in the mountains. The previous summer the girls had attended church camp and were planning to go again.
The family had a very busy and happy summer. Jani and Emma then got ready to begin the school year at Fremont Junior High School. The city bus system had expanded its route to include their neighborhood, picking them up in front of their house. The bus took them to downtown Pomona, as far as the Owl Drugstore on Second Street, but they still had to walk half a mile to school. Franny took a practice run bus trip with the girls to assure herself that they would be safe and knew what route to take. Franny waited for the bus with the twins the first morning of school and was delighted to find out the bus driver was a friend of Harry’s who had served with him in the army. He promised to keep an eye on the twins.
Starting junior high was quite an adjustment. There were kids attending Fremont that the twins didn’t know because the kids had attended other surrounding grammar schools. Pomona only had two junior highs: Fremont in south Pomona and Emerson in north Pomona. Instead of one class with one teacher, they had five classes with five teachers, including gym. Both the girls were athletic and looked forward to the sports program, but Emma found it embarrassing to undress and shower at the end of gym class in front of other girls. Until she was used to it, Jani held the gym towel in front of Emma while she showered.
One of Jani’s electives was music, and she signed up to sing in the school choir. Emma was interested in acting, and she chose drama. They noticed that some of the girls in school had boyfriends and were “going steady.” To signify you had a steady boyfriend, the girl would wear his ring on a chain around her neck. Jani was a little more aggressive in the boy category than Emma. She didn’t want to go steady because she liked to play the field. Emma had her eye on a boy named Jack in her social studies class. He offered to carry her books, but at first, she was a little embarrassed by his attention. He asked her a few more times before she agreed.
Jani liked to play the “twin game” on Jack. She would sometimes act as though she was Emma and tease him, but he soon caught on. The girls looked enough alike that it was hard to tell them apart when they weren’t together. But standing next to each other, it was easy to see who was who. They no longer dressed alike, but their hair color and style were the same. It didn’t take long for Emma to catch on how to play the “twin game” as she learned to pretend she was Jani. She had a funny little giggle, which Jani didn’t, and it was a dead giveaway. The girls would laugh on their way home from school, sharing who they had fooled that day.
The holidays were coming, and Emma was in the Christmas play. Jani was part of the choral group presentation. Franny, Harry, and Isla proudly attended both performances. Emma now took private dance lessons but Jani had lost interest.
The local YMCA had several youth activities and Jani took tumbling and baton twirling lessons. Twice a week they both went to the Y after school. They were members of Y-Teens, a group of teens learning leadership skills and assisting with the Tiny-Tot program, which consisted of babysitting for mothers while they attended adult classes.
The daughter of one of Franny’s neighbors was a member of Job’s Daughters, a girls’ club with a religious base that taught etiquette and leadership. Emma’s dance teacher was a member of the women’s organization, Eastern Star, and offered to sponsor the girls. Both the girls joined and enjoyed all the club functions. Jani sang in the choir, and Emma worked her way through the designated ranks.
The girls were busy with all their activities. Both the YMCA and Job’s Daughters had field trips that caused them to be away from home most of the time. Franny often found herself at loose ends. She felt her days were empty and thought about getting a job. She wanted to go to work but was hesitant to bring it up to Harry after what had happened when she worked at the fair. She would have to convince him that he could trust her again.
One night after dinner, the girls cleared the dinner dishes and went to their rooms to do their homework. Franny decided it was a good time to approach the subject of work with Harry. She was not going to pressure him for an answer right away; she just wanted to give him something to think about.
Harry was in the den watching television. Franny joined him, curled up on the couch, and waited for a commercial so she could have his full attention.
“Harry, I need to talk to you.”
“What? Is there a problem?” He panicked. Not again, he thought.
“No, but I do need your attention on what I have to ask you.”
Harry turned off the television so he could listen to Franny.
“With the girls in school all day, I’m getting a little bored.” Harry looked alarmed. “Don’t worry, honey; everything is still okay with us. I love you more than ever,” she said giving him a big smile. “I was talking to Margie next door, and she told me she was attending a bookkeeping school in Pomona called Sawyer’s Business School.” Harry sat quietly, not sure where she was going with this.
“I would like a profession. I want to go to Sawyer’s,” she continued.
“If you took that course, what would you do after you finished?”
“I would like to get a job in town.” She could tell by the frown on Harry’s face this idea wasn’t going over very well. “I would like to contribute to the household income. With all the girls’ activities, the extra money would come in handy,” she explained. “But, that’s nothing we have to decide right now.”
Additional income would come in handy, thought Harry, but he was hesitant about having Franny go to work in light of her previous experience. I certainly don’t want her to be bored. They talked at length about how it would affect the family’s routine. Harry said he needed to think about it.
A week passed, and Harry had not mentioned the discussion Franny had with him about attending the bookkeeping school. That night when they went to bed, Franny snuggled up to him. “Honey, have you given any thought to me going to school?” He didn’t answer. “I’ve checked the bus route, and it takes me directly to Sawyer’s.” Harry just looked at her. “Please, honey. Let me prove to you that you can trust me.”
“I must admit, that’s in the back of my mind.”
“Oh, Harry. I’m sorry. I know it will take time to earn back your trust,” she said, first looking away and then looking back at him. “Believe me when I say, my family means everything to me, and I love you.”
He hesitated a minute and then said, “Okay, we’ll give it a try. Once you finish the business course we’ll decide if going to work is a good idea.”
Franny put her arms around his neck and gave him a big kiss. “I won’t let you down,” she said.
CHAPTER NINETEEN
Franny was excited about the adventure of enrolling in Sawyer’s Business School. She hummed around the house, and her spirits were definitely up. Harry was glad to see her so happy. The Stein house was gradually returning to normal.
On the days that the twins didn’t go to the YMCA after school, they arrived home two hours before Franny. That was enough time for any teenager to get into trouble if she wanted to. Franny told the girls they were on the honor system, and she trusted them to make good choices.
The first month they did exactly as they were told, but soon started to take their time getting home after school. They would hang out a Louie’s, a hamburger shack across from the school, and at the bus stop in front of the Owl Drugstore. Louie’s was known for its frozen dill pickles. It was a favorite of all the students. Even though the girls took their time getting home, they always managed to arrive before Franny. They never snitched on each other because they were partners in crime.
They made many new friends, including boys that they met at the bus stop. They watched the boys driving their cars and cruising back and forth on Second Street. Jani and Emma were not allowed to get into cars with boys.
One day they missed the bus because they stayed too long talking with their friends at Louie’s. Doug, whom they had previously met at Louie’s, offered to give them a ride home. The first time he passed them on Second Street, they declined. They both wanted to go with him, but they knew their parent’s rules. Doug’s younger brother, Roger, was with him. He attended Fremont Junior High but was in ninth grade. They knew who he was, but they had never actually talked to him.
The second time Doug and Roger passed by, they stopped. “Come on girls. It’s just a ride home,” coaxed Doug.
Jani looked at Emma and then grabbed her arm and pushed her to get in the car. They both climbed in the back seat. They made it home before Franny.
It wasn’t long before Doug and Roger picked up Jani and Emma every day after school. Sometimes, before taking them home, they would go to Mel’s, a new hamburger place in town. It was one of the first fast-food drive-ins in Pomona. The girls had heard about it but had never been there. Going there with the boys was a thrill. It was like going on a date, which they were not yet allowed to do. After all, they were only thirteen.
Jani liked Doug, and Emma only went along with Roger because he was Doug’s brother. It was thrilling to be seen with older guys and to drive around in their car. The twins were lucky that Franny or Harry hadn’t found out what they had been doing after school, or the fun would have come to a screeching halt. 
One afternoon, the girls were sitting with Doug and Roger at Mel’s parking lot enjoying a hamburger and fries. “Duck!” whispered Emma to Jani as she dropped to the floor behind the front seat.
“What do you mean duck?” asked Jani
“Get down. It’s Dad at the order window!” said Emma
Jani sank under the dashboard.
“What’s going on?” asked Doug.
“See that man in the blue shirt?” asked Jani. “That’s our dad. Let us know when he’s gone, or we’ll be in a lot of trouble.”
“Better yet, we’re getting out of here,” responded Doug as he started up the car and slowly pulled away.
“Let us know when the coast is clear,” said Jani.
As soon as they turned the corner, Doug told the girls they could get up.
“Boy, that was a close call,” said Emma.
When the girls reached home, they told the boys good-bye and ran into the house. “I can’t believe we almost got caught!” squealed Jani.
“We would’ve been in so much trouble. I think we better start taking the bus again,” said Emma.

***

A group of the twins’ friends was going to the Saturday matinee at the Fox Theater. The girls asked Franny if they could go, letting her know that they could take the bus. If Franny agreed, it would be the first time she let them go somewhere, other than school on their own.
“I’ll have to talk to your dad first,” said Franny. That night after dinner, Franny told Harry what the girls wanted to do.
“I don’t know whether I’m ready to loosen the reins,” was Harry’s reply.
“I know. I feel the same way. I’ve heard them talk about their friends going to the movies on the weekends,” she said.
“I guess it will be okay, but I’ll take them and pick them up.”
When Franny told the girls they could go, she informed them that Dad would take them and pick them up. That was okay with the girls, as long as he didn’t want to stay for the show.
Harry dropped them off at the curb in front of the Fox Theater. Their friends were waiting for them in the lobby. Mary, one of their schoolmates, rushed up to Emma to let her know that Jack, Emma’s old boyfriend, was there with Lucy.
“They’re in the balcony,” said Mary. “They’re sitting in the last row in the make-out section.”
“I don’t care about Jack anymore. I like older boys,” said Emma.
Saturday matinees became a twice-a-month gathering for Jani and Emma. They both had babysitting jobs and saved their money for summer activities like the movies. They sat with their friends in the balcony, but not in the last rows. However, they did sneak a peek to see who was there and who was kissing whom.
After a while, Harry decided to let them take the bus to the movies because Saturday was the day he liked to go to the horseraces. Harry and Franny went to the races and let the girls go to the show. They felt the girls were old enough to be left alone, as long as they remembered the rules: no riding with boys in cars, and no boys in the house. Besides, the twins never went anywhere without each other. Franny had learned to enjoy the races because she could get dressed up, and they always sat in the clubhouse.

***

“Franny, you’re graduating from our bookkeeping program next week,” said her instructor at Sawyer’s. “Part of our program is job placement. Sears is opening up a new store in Pomona and has contacted us for applicants for their credit department. Are you interested?”
“Oh, that sounds exciting. Do you think I qualify?”
“I’m confident that you meet the requirements for several of the positions being offered.”
“I’ll talk it over with my husband tonight and let you know tomorrow.”
“That will be fine. The store won’t be opening for another thirty days, but you will have to interview and there will be a two-week training process. Let me know in the morning.”
Franny thought about the job as she rode the bus home. The Sears store would be located in a new shopping center at Holt Avenue and Indian Hill, just a few blocks from Sawyer’s. She would check if there was a bus stop near the store. The more she thought about the interview, the more nervous she became.
Isla had been a good mother, except for building Franny’s self-confidence. She had never told Franny she did a good job or told her she was proud of her. When Franny was younger, she was afraid her schoolteachers would call on her to answer a question or ask her to stand in front of the class and read. When they did, she froze and drew a mental blank.
When she worked at Frasher’s, her boss noticed that she lacked self-confidence. He continuously praised her and encouraged her to take on new responsibilities. At Sawyer’s, many of those fears had returned, and she constantly had to tell herself that she was capable of handling any assignment.
She didn’t want the twins to have self-worth fears. She made every effort to build self-confidence in the girls and constantly told the twins how proud she was of them. She wanted them to grow to be strong, independent women, to be able to think for themselves without any doubts.
Going to work at Sears would be a challenge requiring a lot of self-motivation. She hoped Harry would be supportive. As soon as Harry got home from work, Franny told him about the position at Sears.
“Our family has adjusted to me not being home during the day, and when the girls start high school, there will be additional expenses for proms and extra activities,” said Franny, trying to convince Harry. He looked at her with surprise. He never really considered she would want to go to work when he agreed that she could attend Sawyer’s.
“Harry, I really want to do this. Working gives me a sense of importance, and I need that feeling.”
“I know you do,” said Harry. But I’m still afraid to let go, he thought to himself. Can I trust her? He knew it was not a good idea to make her stay home if she wanted to go to work.
“We’ll be okay,” she said. After a brief hesitation, she added, “You can trust me. I promise.”
Harry had to force out the words but finally said, “Go ahead and apply. I know you will do a fine job.”He gave her a hug. As she turned to leave, he gave her a swat on the butt. It was one of those “go team” pats that made Franny laugh.
Well, that takes care of one of the items I have on my personal list, she thought to herself. Next, I want to learn how to drive. She decided to bring up that subject at another time.
Franny was nervous about the interview. She had never applied for a job before. The interview went fine, and Sears hired her to work in the credit department. She was elated and could hardly wait to get home and tell Harry. Franny had a sense of independence and self-esteem now that she would be contributing to the family finances.
Her nerves subsided as she went through the training process. Sawyer’s had done a good job preparing her. She was proud to tell Harry that she had her own desk in the front of the office. At the end of her ninety-day probation period, she had exciting news to share with Harry.
“Harry, I’ve been promoted, and they gave me a raise today,” Franny told Harry with enthusiasm.
“I’m really proud of you, honey,” he responded, giving her a kiss and a hug. “I knew you would do a good job.”
Franny mixed well with the other women in her department. The men in management liked her professionalism.
During the next year, Harry was busy studying to get his contractor’s license. Jani and Emma continued to occasionally hitch a ride with boys, but they always stayed together. Franny loved her job, and the twins managed to always be home before their mother so she wouldn’t worry about them.

***

The girls were anxious about attending Pomona High School. They had become confident enough that they felt they could go their separate ways and have separate friends.
Jani was the first to take a step away from her sister. She flirted with Paul, a senior boy who was on the varsity football team. He asked her out. She told him she was not allowed to date, but she could probably go for a Coke after school, which was not true because she still was not allowed to get into cars with boys. Emma was a little upset at first about being left out but realized it was time for her to build her own independence.
Each of the girls maintained an A average in all their classes and had a friendly competition with each other. Emma was a member of the drama club, and Jani was class secretary. They both had meetings after school and didn’t expect the other one to hang around waiting.
The school talent show was coming up. Jani encouraged Emma to go to the tryouts after school on Tuesday. It didn’t take much to convince her to do one of her dance routines. Emma thought a classic ballet dance would not be appreciated, so she worked on a jazz routine.
After the tryouts, there was some discussion among the teachers about Emma’s performance. Some disapproved of her dance. They felt some of her movements were too provocative and were not sure if it was appropriate for a high school talent show. During their discussion, they took into consideration that she had studied dancing for years.
Also trying out for the talent show was a group of five girls doing a jazz routine. The judges felt their performance was inappropriate. Their group had no professional training, and their dance was mostly bumps and grinds. The committee decided not to accept the group dance but gave a second thought to Emma’s performance. That created a lot of gossip among the other girls. They couldn’t understand why Emma’s dance was not excluded, too.
Two days later, the committee called Emma in for a conference.
“Emma, we have concerns about parts of your routine being a little suggestive for a high school audience,” said Mr. Wright, director of the talent show.
“You do? I don’t know what to say. I worked out this routine with my dance teacher, and she didn’t question any of my moves.” Emma was puzzled and not sure how to respond any further.
“How long have you been dancing?” asked one of the other teachers on the committee.
“I started when I was three. Would you like my teacher to give you a call?”
“No, that’s not necessary,” replied Mr. Wright. “We’ll get back to you tomorrow if we have any further questions.”
When Emma got home from school, she told her mother what the talent show committee had said. They decided to call and discuss it with her dance teacher, who made a good suggestion. The next day at school, Emma asked to meet with Mr. Wright.
“I called my dance teacher last night and told her your concerns about my dance routine. What if I danced behind a large paper screen in a silhouette fashion?” asked Emma.
“That might work,” said Mr. Wright as he thought for a minute. “I like that idea; it’s different. I’ll discuss it with the committee and let you know tomorrow.”
The talent show committee agreed. At rehearsal, Emma asked permission to break through the screen at the end of her routine. The committee thought that would be creative, so they approved the change.
CHAPTER TWENTY
While Emma rehearsed for the talent show, Jani was doing more than having Cokes with Paul. There was a manmade lake called Puddingstone in San Dimas, which was a frequent place for couples to park and make out. Jani had gone there with Paul. She hadn’t shared this with Emma yet but was waiting for the right time to let her know about her new adventure.
“Paul has a friend named Rick; he’s on the football team, too. He wants to meet you,” Jani told Emma. “They want to take us home after the talent show.”
“I’ve seen him around school,” replied Emma. “Yeah, I would like to meet him, but you know we can’t go out with them.”
“I know, but I’ve got a plan,” said Jani with a radiant smile. “You’ll tell Mom you have a meeting after the talent show and that the group is going out for pizza. You can say they included me because I’m your sister.”
“I don’t know if she will believe me.”
“You can do it,” said Jani, convincing Emma. “You can tell her that Betty’s mother will give us a ride home from the pizza party.” Emma wanted to go out with a senior football player, so she went along with Jani’s plan. It worked, but Franny said they needed to be home by 10:30 p.m. The girls promised to be home on time.
The talent show, with a variety of acts, was a big success. Franny and Isla were in the audience, but Harry stayed home. He complained about a headache. Emma’s dance was the last on the program, a perfect closing. The students liked the idea of the dance behind the screen, and when she broke through at the end, it surprised the audience, followed by loud applause. The girls met Paul and Rick after the show.
The boys congratulated Emma for adding excitement to an otherwise average talent show. Jani bragged about what a great dancer Emma was and how long she had been studying.
“Thanks, boys. When I graduate, I plan to attend a music and arts academy,” said Emma, which was a dream of hers that she had not yet expressed to her parents.
“Let’s stop at Mel’s and get a bite to eat,” said Paul.
“Sounds good,” said Jani.
“I’m famished,” said Emma.
“Where are we going?” Emma asked Rick as they drove away from Mel’s parking lot.
“Have you ever been to the submarine races?” asked Paul, changing the subject.
“No,” replied Emma, turning to look at Jani, who was giggling. “What’s so funny?” she asked. She looked at everyone for an answer, but they weren’t talking.
They soon found themselves at Puddingstone. Jani had never been there at night and noticed several other cars there, too.
“This is a beautiful spot,” said Jani. “Look at the lights reflecting on the lake.”
“Keep your eyes on the lake,” said Paul. “A submarine might appear any minute.”
Of course, there were no submarines; it was a joke that boys used to get the girls up there to “makeout point.”
“Stop all that kissing, Jani,” said Emma. “You are going to miss the submarine.”
Jani and Paul were making out in the front seat. “You can watch for both of us,” said Jani. “Let me know as soon as you see one break the water.”
Rick reached over to kiss Emma. She went along with the program; after all, she was out with a senior football player and didn’t want to seem naive. That was the first time she had really been kissed. It was nothing like playing Spin the Bottle with the neighbor boys. This is a real date, thought Emma. I think I like kissing.
The girls kept their eyes on the clock. They wanted to be sure to be home by ten thirty. The boys were not ready to end the night, but the girls were adamant, so the boys took them home. Nearing the house, the girls could see the porch light from a distance. It was bright enough to light up the whole neighborhood.
“Thanks for a fun night,” Jani said to Paul.
“It was nice to meet you, Rick, and I had a good time,” said Emma, getting out of the car. The boys started to walk the girls to the door.
“You don’t have to walk us to the door,” said Jani. “We’ll see you at school on Monday.”
The twins ran up the walk as they waved goodbye to the boys. It wouldn’t be a good thing to be caught with two boys instead of Betty’s mother, thought Emma.
When the girls walked into the house, Franny was waiting up for them. She told Emma how proud of her she was about her performance.
“Did you girls have a good time at the pizza party?” asked Franny. They both nodded yes.
“It was a lot of fun,” said Jani.
“But we’re tired,” said Emma. “We’ll tell you more about it in the morning.”
Emma followed Jani to her bedroom and closed the door behind her, so their mother wouldn’t hear. “Did you ever see the submarines?” asked Emma.
“No, did you?”
Jani started laughing. “I can’t believe you fell for that.”
“What do you mean?”
“That’s just a joke the boys used to get us to go Puddingstone to make-out.”
Emma blushed. “I can’t believe I was that stupid.”
The following Sunday, Franny was shopping at Baker’s Market when she saw Betty’s mother. While in the checkout line, Franny turned to her and said, “I want to thank you for bringing the girls home from the pizza party Friday night.”
Betty’s mother looked puzzled. “What pizza party?” she asked.
“The one after the talent show.”
“I’m sorry, but I didn’t bring them home, and I don’t know about any pizza party. I think your girls may have some explaining to do. Teenagers! What will they think of next?”
Betty’s mother smiled and continued to check out, leaving Franny standing with a perplexed look, trying to put the circumstances together.
Franny told Harry about her conversation with Betty’s mother. Harry said, “I think we have been a little too trusting with the girls. Looks like it’s time to pull in the reins. We’ll have a talk with them after dinner and see what they have to say for themselves.”
Isla arrived at the house for Sunday dinner and told Emma how much she had enjoyed the talent show.
“The girls also went to a pizza party with the group after the show,” said Franny, testing the girls to see if they would dig a bigger hole for themselves.
“Thank you, Grandmother,” said Emma. “I’m glad you could come and that you had a good time.” She looked at Jani and motioned for her to follow her out of the kitchen. She wanted the conversation to end.
After Isla left, Franny went to the girls’ bedrooms and asked them to come into the living room. Emma and Jani looked at each other, knowing something was up. This was not a normal request. Walking into the room together, they found dad waiting for them. They knew they were in trouble.
“This morning, I saw Betty’s mother at the market,” said Franny. “I thanked her for bringing you girls home from the pizza party.” The girls didn’t say a word. “Guess what she said?”
“Two of our friends offered to bring us home after the talent show. We knew you would say no, so we made up the story,” said Jani, starting to cry.
“Is that true?” Franny asked Emma. She nodded yes, and started to cry, too.
“We are disappointed with both of you,” said Harry. “We trusted you, and you have destroyed our trust. What do you think your punishment should be?”
Neither girl answered.
“This is what’s going to happen,” said Harry. “You will be on restriction for two weeks, which means grounded to the house. I hope that in the future you will learn to respect the freedom you have been given.” Harry waited for some type of response. He could see tears slowly running down their cheeks.
“Our rules are to protect you girls,” he continued. “We don’t make them up just to be mean.”
“To make sure you understand your restriction,” said Franny. “Emma, you will not attend your dance lessons for two weeks, and neither of you will go to the YMCA meetings or any of their functions.”
“Mom, Dad, we are so sorry,” both the girls said pleadingly through their sobs.
“We’ll never do anything like that again,” said Emma.
“What about the school dance after the football game on Friday?” asked Jani.
“Looks like you won’t be attending that either,” said Harry. “When you break house rules there will be consequences. I hope you will think twice before you try to sneak around again.”
“I suggest you go to your rooms and think about what you have done,” instructed Franny.
Both girls turned and ran to their rooms, crying.
“I hope they’ve learned their lesson,” said Harry.
“I don’t think this is the last time they will test us,” replied Franny. “We have two beautiful teenage girls, and I’m afraid this is just the beginning.”
A few nights later, while lying in bed together, Franny decided this would be a good time to bring up the subject of her learning to drive. “Honey, I think it’s time for me to learn to drive the car,” she said.
“Learn to drive?” said Harry, surprised at her request. “What for? We only have one car.”
“I know that, but if I knew how to drive, I could pick up the girls when they have after-school activities, and keep better tabs on them. We wouldn’t have to worry about them catching the bus at late hours, or depend on other parents to pick them up. Mom is going to sell her car, and I could pick her up for Sunday dinner and take her home.”
Harry thought for a minute. He liked to go to bed early on Sunday nights. If Isla sells her car, I would have to stay up to take her home, he thought. With the stunt the girls had just pulled, maybe it would be a good idea. “Do you really want to learn to drive?”
“Yes. I could think of many times it would come in handy.”
“Okay. Let’s give it a try. I hope I have the patience to teach you,” he said with a smile. “Thank goodness our car has an automatic shift. Learning to use a stick shift is not easy.”
“Oh, it couldn’t be that hard.”
“Let’s just say my patience might not withstand the test.”

***

At school on Monday, Jani told Paul how much trouble they were in and they were on restriction for two weeks.
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that,” said Paul. “I was looking forward to seeing you at the dance on Friday. Rick really likes Emma, and he’ll be bummed, too. Will you be off your restriction by homecoming?”
“Yes. That’s more than three weeks away.”
“I’d like to take you to the homecoming dance.”
Jani’s mouth dropped opened. She had hoped he would ask her but wasn’t sure if he would. “Yes! Yes! Oh, yes!” she replied, full of excitement. “This will be my first homecoming.”
“Good. I think Rick is going to ask Emma,” said Paul. “But don’t say anything in case your restriction messes everything up.”
“It won’t. Especially with homecoming to look forward too.”
After hearing the bell ring, signaling that it was time for their next class to start, Paul said, “We better get to class. See you later. Don’t forget you’re my date for homecoming.”
She wanted to swoon but managed to control her emotions.
“Emma, Emma!” said Jani, overwhelmed with excitement when she saw her after class. There was no way she could keep secret what Paul had told her. “I just talked to Paul, and he asked me to the homecoming dance, and he said Rick is going to ask you.”
“Really? That would be so much fun,” Emma replied. “Do you think Mom and Dad will let us go?”
“When we get off restriction, we will really have to toe the line. Then they might let us go.”
“I hope so. That would be our first real date.”
Being careful to obey, they rode the bus home every day after school. There was no wasting time and hanging out at the bus stop or Thrifty’s Drugstore. They had to be home by three thirty in the afternoon because that was when Franny called the house to check in with the girls. During the two-week restriction, they were careful to follow all the rules. They helped with the dinner dishes without being asked and kept their rooms clean.
At the end of the two-week restriction, the twins told Franny about the upcoming homecoming dance, asking if they could go. Franny said they would have to ask Dad.
At dinner, Franny told Harry the girls had a question to ask. “So, you have a question for dear old dad,” said Harry. “What is it?”
Jani spoke up. “The homecoming dance is coming up next week, and Emma and I have been asked to go.” She waited to see if he answered. “Can we? Please, Daddy, please!”
He looked at both the girls, not answering right away. “Would you be going with the two boys who brought you home after the talent show?”
The girls looked at each other. Should they lie or tell the truth? If they told the truth would their father’s answer be no? If they lied, they would have to continue lying.
“Yes, Daddy, it’s the same two boys, but they didn’t know we weren’t allowed to go out. It wasn’t their fault,” said Emma.
“If that’s the case, I want to meet the boys sometime next week, before I give you permission,” said Harry.
“Okay, Daddy,” said Jani. “We’ll ask them to come over one night this week.” She smiled at Emma and together they did the dinner dishes, and later planned on how to ask the boys at school the next day if they would come to meet their dad.
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
Jani and Emma told the boys they would have to meet their dad before they could go to the homecoming dance with them. Paul and Rick were not too happy about it, but they had met other dads before and survived. They agreed and said they would come over Tuesday night after dinner. Jani said she would set up the meeting.
Tuesday night came, and the boys were right on time. The girls met them at the door and asked them to come in and sit down. Emma went to tell her parents that Paul and Rick had arrived. Harry and Franny came in the front room together. Emma introduced the boys, they shook hands with Harry, and then they all sat down.
“Are you the two boys who brought my daughters home after the talent show?” asked Harry.
“Yes sir,” said Paul.
“Well, they were not allowed to date and were not allowed to ride in a car without a parent.”
“I’m sorry, sir. We didn’t know,” Paul replied again.
“These girls are very precious to me, but I can’t be with them all the time. If I let them go to the dance with you boys, I expect you to respect them, guard them with your lives, and have them home on time.”
“Yes sir,” said Paul, and Rick nodded in agreement.
“When you come to pick up the girls, you will not toot your car horn. You will come to the door to get them.” He waited for an affirmative signal. The boys nodded yes. “My wife and I will be here when you return to make sure they are safe. Is that understood?”
“Yes sir,” said Paul.
Harry looked at Rick, waiting for his response. “Yes sir,” said Rick in agreement.
“The girls have one more week of restriction. If they continue to follow our family rules, they can go with you to the homecoming dance.”
“Thank you, sir,” Paul and Rick said in unison.
Harry stood up and reached to shake the boys’ hands, and then he and Franny left the room.
“Do you think you poured it on a little thick?” asked Franny.
“No, I hope I scared them to death!” answered Harry with a smirk.
The girls just sat there looking at the boys, and the boys just sat there looking at the girls. Jani finally broke the silence. “Gee, I’m glad that’s over.”
“Me too,” said Paul. “Your dad’s someone I don’t want to have on my bad side.”
“It looks like we’ve got some dates for the dance,” said Rick, turning to look at Paul.
“I don’t know. Do you think they’re worth going through all this?” Paul asked Rick.
“What?” said Jani.
“Just kidding,” said Paul. They all broke out in laughter. “You girls better not let us down. Do what your dad says, and stay off restriction.”
The boys said goodnight and left. The twins ran in to give their dad a big hug and kiss. Harry gave Franny a wink.
“Time to go to bed,” said Franny. “It’s a school night.” The girls gave her a hug and Emma followed Jani to her bedroom.
“That was awful,” said Emma to Jani.
“I know. I thought I was going to die,” said Jani. “I hope we don’t have to go through that every time we go out on a date.”
“If we do, I think I’ll quit dating until I move out of the house,” said Emma, laughing.
The girls toed the line for the next two weeks. They didn’t want to do anything to make their dad change his mind. They called Isla and asked her to make their dresses for the dance. She was delighted to oblige. She told them they needed to pick out the fabric on the weekend because they didn’t have much time.
“How did mother sound when you asked her to make your dresses?” Franny asked the girls.
“She sounded fine, but she did say we need to get our fabric this weekend,” responded Emma.
“I’ll chat with her and make arrangements for all of us to go to town. I forgot to tell you that Aunt Amy is very sick. Mother is taking care of her and has moved her into the spare bedroom.”
“Oh, Mom,” said Jani sorrowfully. “We didn’t know. Should we call her back?”
“No, I’ll talk to her tomorrow and make sure it’s not too much for her to handle along with caring for Aunt Amy.”
Isla told Franny it would be okay because Aunt Amy slept most of the time. Amy had cancer, and the doctor came to the house twice a week to check on her. Ladies from her church also frequently came by to visit.
Franny took Jani and Emma to Isla’s a few times for fittings for their dresses. Isla had made the girls taffeta full-skirt, mid-calf dresses. They were similar, but the bodices were a little different. Jani’s dress was blue, and Emma’s was peach. The twins thanked their grandmother several times for making such beautiful dresses. No one at homecoming would have one like theirs.
The twins went to the homecoming game with a group of girls. Franny called the neighbor to confirm that she was giving the girls a ride home. She was not going to leave any room for a misunderstanding.
The neighbor brought them home after the game so they could change and get ready for the dance. When Paul and Rick came to pick up the girls, they came to the door as Harry had instructed. The twins were giddy. They looked like little princesses. The boys wore dress slacks with pullover sweaters. They were both handsome young men. They shook hands with Harry and promised to have the girls home at the specified time.
The dance was in the gym, which was decorated with streamers and balloons. The music was supplied by a local disc jockey; who tailored his music to Johnny Otis.
Paul watched the clock closely. I don’t want to get the girls home late and have to face Mr. Stein, he thought.
The porch light was on when they arrived, and they could see Franny in the house waiting on the couch. Thank goodness, there was no sign of Harry. The boys walked the girls to the door with quick kisses goodnight.
Once inside, Franny was full of questions. Emma enjoyed telling her what a good time they had, and Jani told her what the other girls had worn to the dance and who was with whom.
All three went into the den to tell Harry what a great time the twins had at the dance and to let him know they were home safe. Jani and Emma said they wanted to sleep together that night because they wanted to talk about their dates. They talked until early morning.
Rick and Paul asked the twins out again, but they had to decline. Harry had told the girls before they went to the homecoming dance not to continue to date or drive around with boys in their cars. They were only fifteen years old, and they still had limits. They could go to dances where dates were not required, and Harry and Franny would supply the transportation. If there was a specific dance during the year and dates were required, they could date.
The twins were devastated when Paul and Rick told them they didn’t like their dating restrictions. The boys were seniors and wanted to date on weeknights and weekends, not just special dances during the year. There were many other girls vying for their attention. They had no problem moving on. The twins met several other boys in their class and had dates for the Christmas formal and St. Valentine’s dances.

***

Summer came, and the twins were busy with their dance and music lessons, and Y-Teen activities. With Franny at work, Emma and Jani were home alone, and there were some house rules established. The rules were, only one friend in the house at a time and absolutely no boys. If they went to the store or a neighbor’s, they needed to plan in advance, and clear it with Franny before she left for work. Franny called daily during her lunch break to check in with the girls.
Every day, the twins laid out a blanket under the tree on the side yard. They took a portable radio, magazines, and books for entertainment. Several times they would have lunch outside. Many friends came by during the day, stopped to visit, and enjoy the time outside on the blanket. This kept them from breaking the rules of having anyone in the house.
One day, two neighbor girls came by riding horses. One of the girls was Doris, who lived at the end of the block. The horses were boarded at a small ranch nearby, on Towne Avenue, across from the Pomona Cemetery.
Twice a week Jani and Emma rode their bikes to Washington Park to participate in the park’s summer activities. Often they stopped at the open field to pet the horses grazing there.
Doris was nineteen years old and lived with her aunt and her aunt’s daughter, Nell, who was the same age as Doris. The horses they rode seemed to recognize Jani and Emma. One of the horses snorted and nudged Jani with its nose when she got close enough.
“Looks like Beauty knows you,” said Doris to Jani as they stopped by the tree where the girls were listening to the radio.
“We have stopped by the field many times to pet her. I see why you call her Beauty, like Black Beauty in the movie. I had no idea she belonged to you,” replied Jani.
“Both of these horses are mine, and I try to ride them three to four times a week. Do you ride?” Doris asked Jani.
“No, I have never had the chance, but always wanted to. I love horses,” replied Jani.
“Well, maybe sometime you could ride with me,” said Doris.
“Oh, that would be great.” Jani was patting Beauty’s nose all the time they were talking.
“We’ll see you later,” said Doris as she and Nell continued their ride up the street.
Jani dreamed about Beauty that night. She hoped that Doris would ask her to go riding with her soon.
The following Saturday morning, Jani was watching a movie on TV. Emma had taken the bus to her dance lessons, and Franny and Harry were at the horse races. Jani heard a knock at the door. It was Doris.
“Hey, Jani, I’m headed over to feed my horses. Do you want to come along?” asked Doris.
“Gee, that would be great. How long do you think we’ll be?”
“At least a couple of hours.”
“Okay, just let me turn off the TV and lock up the house. I’ll be right back.” Should I leave a note? she wondered. What’s the use? I’ll be back before anyone comes home.
As they walked to where the horses were kept, Doris told Jani, “I’m glad to find someone else who loves horses. Taking care of two of them is a lot of work, and my cousin Nell isn’t always available. You might be able to help out.”
“Sure, I’d love that,” replied Jani. I don’t know if that would be okay with Mom, she thought. Eventually, I’ll have to tell her. I’ll worry about that later.
As the girls walked, Doris told Jani that her mom and dad were divorced and that her mother had taken off with another man when Doris was ten years old and had left her with her aunt.
“My mother left us, too,” said Jani. “I never understood what happened. Just one day she left with a strange man. It made my dad really sick, and we had to go live with our grandmother. Emma and I prayed every night that she would come back. When she did come back, things were not the same.” Neither of the girls spoke for a few minutes as they kept walking. “Do you still love your mother?”
“I don’t know. I’m mad at her for leaving me,” said Doris.
“I love my mother, but I’m mad at her at the same time. I don’t think I’ll ever forgive her.”
“I know what you mean. If my mother came back for me today, I would be happy to see her. I guess I do still love her,” said Doris.
Doris was older, and Jani felt she had someone she could confide in. It felt good to talk about it and to know someone else’s mother had done the same thing. She hadn’t told any of her other friends about her mother’s escapade.
The following Saturday, Doris came by again. Jani was home alone and was excited to go with Doris. The Saturday before, she had walked Beauty, curried and helped feed the horses, but she didn’t get to ride. This Saturday, Doris showed Jani how to put the bit gently into Beauty’s mouth, place the bridle over her head, and buckle it under Beauty’s chin.
“That was good,” said Doris once the bridle was in place. “Why don’t you walk her around the ring?” After a few times, Doris asked, “Would you like to ride her?”
“Oh, really? I’ve never been on a horse,” replied Jani, a little nervous.
“We’ll take it slow and see if Beauty likes you.”
“Okay,” said Jani, standing next to Beauty, waiting for some instructions.
“Are you ready to sit on her back?” asked Doris.
Jani nodded.
“Okay, but don’t be afraid, because a horse can sense that.”
“I’m not, but I am excited.”
Standing on the left side of Beauty, Doris clasped her hands together like a stirrup. “Put your left foot here; grab a handful of her mane. I’ll give you a boost and then throw your right leg over her back,” Doris instructed. “If Beauty had a saddle on, it would be easier, but you’ll like riding bareback better.”
“I did it!” exclaimed Jani with a little giggle as she threw her leg over Beauty’s back and straddled her. “Boy, this is really high.”
Doris gave Jani a few lessons on how to hold on with her legs and how to handle the reins between her fingers. She led Beauty around the training ring while Jani held on to the reins. What a thrill! she thought.
“If you want to come by during the week, I’m usually here in the afternoon. I would be glad to teach you how to ride,” said Doris as she showed Jani how to slide off Beauty.
“Oh, that would be great. I love Beauty, and I want to spend more time with her. Maybe I can come by next Tuesday,” said Jani. If this was going to happen more often during the summer, she would have to tell her mom and dad.
The first couple of times Jani rode Beauty, Doris helped her mount. “If you want to be a respected rider, you will have to learn to mount Beauty on your own.”
She makes it look so easy, thought Jani. Why am I having such a hard time? I’ll try it again. She grabbed the hair of Beauty’s mane in her left hand, and, with a mighty swing of her right leg, she didn’t make it.
Beauty was calmer than Doris’s other horse, Tanner, and was patient with Jani through her learning process. The first four times Jani tried to mount Beauty, she just couldn’t do it. Doris suggested that Jani take Beauty to the fence so she could stand on one of the slats. Then she jumped onto Beauty’s back, landing on her stomach and throwing her leg over to the other side. Doris called her a sissy, so it didn’t take Jani long to master the proper mount.
At dinner Monday night, Jani told her parents how Doris and her cousin Nell had come by a few weeks earlier with her horses. But that’s all she told them. Emma chimed in telling them about Beauty and how the horse knew Jani from the times they had stopped by the field to pet her.
“Doris has asked me to come by tomorrow afternoon and help feed the horses,” said Jani, bouncing up and down in her chair.
“I don’t know. Horses can be dangerous if you don’t know what you’re doing,” replied Franny, glancing at Harry for some input. “Emma, are you going with her?”
“No,” replied Emma, not a bit interested. “There is a recreation program at Washington Park. They are teaching tap dancing to little kids this summer, and they asked me to help with the classes.”
“Doris will be with me all the time, and she is going to teach me the safe way to ride,” said Jani. “Daddy, you love horses; you know how wonderful they are.”
What could Harry say? Yes, he loved horses. He loved to bet on them, not ride them. This was something he couldn’t begin to explain to Jani; she wouldn’t understand. Franny could tell he wasn’t going to be any help in discouraging this activity.
Franny had seen Doris before and noticed that she and her aunt were both mannish in appearance, which bothered her. She had also heard from the neighbors that the aunt allowed Doris and Nell to drink beer. This was not the kind of influence Franny wanted Jani to be exposed to. If I tell her no, she might sneak around, and then I wouldn’t know where she was, she thought. I have heard it said that girls who were interested in horses are likely to delay their interest in boys. Jani is the bigger flirt and more aggressive than Emma; maybe it would be okay.
“Okay, but you need to tell me when you are going so we will know where you are during the day,” Franny said with hesitation. “Is that okay with you, Harry?” He nodded in agreement.
“Thanks, Mom,” said Jani as she jumped out of her chair and hugged her. “Thanks, Dad,” she said as she gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. “I’ll let you know every time I go.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Jani went riding with Doris on Saturdays and Sundays and a few times during the week. They would take day rides on off-road trails on Riverside Drive, south of their housing development. Jani loved Beauty and wanted to spend every minute she could with her.
Summer was ending, and Doris and Jani decided they would take the horses to see Emma, who Jani thought might want to go riding with them. Emma was sitting on the blanket under the tree with her neighbor when she saw Jani and Doris about a block away. Standing up to greet them, she thought, What beautiful animals. She backed away when they came closer. They look so big and strong. She was intimidated by their size. She thought Jani was lucky to have a friend like Doris who was willing to teach her how to ride. Jani had told Emma several times that she wished she had one of her own. Maybe when she gets older she could buy one. It was a dream of hers.
When Doris and Jani turned the corner of their street, a car full of boys came by, gunning the engine, tooting the car horn, yelling, and waving. That startled Beauty and didn’t give Jani enough time to clamp her legs tight around the horse’s belly. Beauty reared up, and Jani fell to the street, her head just missing the curb.
Doris jumped off her horse and quickly grabbed Beauty’s reins while Emma ran to Jani, who was lying in the street. She was out cold.
“Don’t let her get up!” Doris yelled. She tied off the horses to a tree and knelt beside Jani.
Marie, their neighbor, was in her front yard and witnessed Jani’s fall and came running to their aid. Doris and Marie joined Emma kneeling beside Jani, who was still unconscious.
Marie told Emma, “Run into the house and get a blanket to cover her. I’ll go to my house and call an ambulance. You keep an eye on her,” Marie told Doris.
Returning with a blanket, Emma was crying and said, “I need to call my mom.”
“Yes, go call her,” said Doris. “I’ll stay here with Jani.” Emma stopped when she noticed Jani’s eyes were open.
“Oh, Jani, are you all right?” asked Emma.
“I think so,” Jani replied.
“I’m going to call Mom. I’ll be right back,” said Emma, and she ran into the house.
“What happened?” Jani asked Doris as she tried to get up.
“Lie still,” said Doris pressing on Jani’s shoulder to keep her from rising. “Beauty reared up when that car full of boys came by, and you fell off. I’m sure you are okay, but you should lie still. Your neighbor has called an ambulance. Don’t move until they get here.”
Emma returned and bent over her sister, who was still lying in the street. She brushed Jani’s hair back from her forehead. “I called Mom; she’ll be here as soon as she can get a ride.”
“The ambulance is on its way,” said Marie as she knelt next to Jani.
Hearing the ambulance siren, a few other neighbors came out of their houses. Two of them stood in the street, at the corner, redirecting any traffic that came by.
The ambulance arrived minutes before Franny, who had one of the women at work bring her home. Seeing the ambulance, she jumped out of the car and ran to Jani’s side; in a total panic.
“Oh my God! Jani! Jani! Are you okay?” screamed Franny, her hands shaking, wanting to cradle her daughter in her arms.
“Please don’t move her yet, ma’am, until we check her out,” said the ambulance attendant.
“It’s okay, Mom,” said Jani. “I just fell off of Beauty and hit my head. I’m okay. Really I am.”
Checking her eyes, the attendant asked Jani, “Do you think you can sit up?”
“Yes, I really feel okay!” she said sitting up.
After waiting a few moments, he asked, “Are you dizzy?”
“No.”
“Do you think you can walk over to the ambulance?” Jani nodded and began to stand up. “Take it slowly. Let me assist you,” said the attendant as he walked her to a ledge extended from the back of the ambulance. “Sit here and let me check your eyes again.”
“What happened?” yelled Franny, looking at everyone standing around. Shooting a glare at Doris, she said, “How could you let this happen?”
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Stein. It was an accident,” said Doris calmly, trying to explain how the boys in the car scared Beauty. “It was just an accident.”
“Mom,” said Emma. “It wasn’t anyone’s fault. The boys were loud and scared the horse.”
“Please Mom, calm down,” said Jani. “There is no reason to get so upset. I’m okay.”
“Thank God for that,” said Franny, hugging her.
“She might have a headache tonight, but I think she will be fine. There is no broken skin on her head. She skinned her arm and her shoulder. It might be a little bruised from the fall,” said the attendant, reassuring Franny.
“Take your horses home! Jani will not be riding with you again!” said Franny to Doris angrily.
“Honestly Mrs. Stein, it was an accident,” said Doris.
“Stop it, Mom. It’s not her fault,” pleaded Jani.
Franny thanked the ambulance attendant, put her arm around Jani, and with Emma on the other side, walked her to the house. “I can walk by myself,” said Jani, upset with her mother about the way she had talked to Doris.
“You don’t realize how scared I was,” said Franny, trying to make Jani understand her feelings.
“But Beauty is my best friend, and you were so rude to Doris. I’m going to bed,” said Jani.
“I’ll go with her,” said Emma, and the two left Franny standing in the kitchen.
Harry and Franny decided that was the end of Jani’s horseback riding. To Jani’s embarrassment, Franny took it one step further and went to Doris’s house. She told Doris and her aunt that Jani was forbidden to ride horses with Doris. They tried to explain to Franny that it was just an accident, that neither of the girls had done anything wrong.
Jani cried herself to sleep that night. How could my parents be so mean? It was the boy's fault, not my fault, Doris’s, or Beauty’s. I will never forgive my mother.
She was so upset that she refused to carry on a conversation with her parents. She would only answer questions with a yes or no when Harry or Franny tried to talk to her. The silent treatment continued for two weeks. She only talked to Emma in private.
The following week, Jani decided to sneak over to Doris’s house. Doris and her aunt were sitting on the front porch. Jani joined them and started to cry as she talked about what had happened. They said they were sorry, but they didn’t want any trouble. There was nothing they could do.
Late that afternoon, Jani took off riding her bike. She didn’t even tell Emma she was leaving. She rode to the field where Beauty was. Both the horses came to the fence to greet her. Jani inhaled the fragrant air. She loved the smell of the hay.
“I miss you,” said Jani, standing on one of the slats of the fence as she petted Beauty’s forehead. “I know it wasn’t your fault,” she said and began to cry. “You are my best friend; I don’t know what I will do without you.” She climbed over the fence so she could stroke Beauty. She gave Beauty a hug and buried her face in her neck, taking a deep breath to inhale Beauty’s scent for the last time. She kissed her on the nose and told her good-bye.
Getting on her bike to leave, she glanced back for one more look. “I love you Beauty,” she whispered and then pedaled away as fast as she could.
It was dusk, and at home, it was time for dinner. “Where’s Jani?” Franny asked Emma.
“I don’t know. She wasn’t home when I came back from Betty’s.”
“Her bike is gone. I bet she has gone to Doris’s.”
Once again, Franny walked up to Doris’s house.
“I’m looking for Jani. Is she here?” asked Franny coldly.
“She was here earlier, but we sent her away. She was really upset.”
Franny didn’t respond, just turned and walked away. Harry was home by the time she returned. Franny was truly concerned and told Harry they needed to go in the car to look for Jani. They asked Emma to show them where Beauty was kept; maybe she was there.
She wasn’t. It was dark, and they needed to turn on the car lights. Harry turned to Emma, “Do you know anywhere else she could have gone?” he asked.
“If she isn’t here, I have no idea. She has really been upset about not being able to ride Beauty. Do you think she has run away?” asked Emma, starting to cry.
When Jani left Beauty, she headed for the cemetery. Many times, she would go there just to ride her bike on the paths throughout the cemetery grounds. Sometimes she would stop by Uncle Kirk’s grave. There was a bench nearby, so she would sit there and talk to him. She had even taken some of her friends to his gravesite. None of her friends had anyone they knew buried in the cemetery, and they were fascinated that there was an American flag by his tombstone.
This time, sitting on the bench and telling Uncle Kirk what had happened didn’t seem to help. It was getting dark, but she didn’t want to go home. After getting back on her bike, she pedaled faster and harder, harder and faster, as she cried. She was so mad at her parents. Her tears impaired her vision. She didn’t see the car coming up the street as she left the cemetery and pulled out onto Towne Avenue. It was dark, and the driver didn’t see the girl on the lavender bike.
BAM!
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
The car clipped the front tire of Jani’s bike, spinning it around and throwing her off balance and on to the street. When the driver of the car slammed on his brakes, his wife fell forward against the dashboard. Recovering, they both jumped out of the car and ran to the child lying on the ground.
Wearing shorts, Jani’s legs were skinned. She was crying. A goose egg had started to form on her forehead from hitting the handlebars.
“Are you all right?” asked the driver.
“I don’t know,” said Jani. She was hard to understand through her crying.
“It’s dark out, and I didn’t see you come out of the cemetery,” said the driver.
Jani didn’t say anything; she just kept crying.
Leaving the field where Beauty was kept, Harry, Franny, and Emma, pulled out onto Towne Avenue. They saw a car stopped in the middle of the road with its lights on. In front of the car and a little to the side was a girl lying in the street next to her bike.
“It’s Jani!” screamed Emma, pointing.
“Oh, my, God!” yelled Franny. “Harry, stop!” All three of them jumped out of the car and ran to Jani’s side.
Harry took Jani in his arms. “Jani, are you all right? What happened?” Harry asked. Looking up at the driver of the car, he explained, “This is my daughter.”
“She came out of nowhere. It’s dark, and I didn’t see her,” said the driver. “There are no lights on her bike. She shouldn’t be riding it after dark.”
Ignoring the driver’s comment, Franny asked, “Jani, honey, are you all right?”
“I’m okay,” she said, still crying with her arms around her dad’s neck and her head nestled on his shoulder.
“Can you stand up?” Harry asked, bracing her while she tried to stand.
“Yes, but my legs hurt,” she replied. Harry picked her up and carried her to their car. Then he loaded the slightly bent bike into the trunk.
“We’re sorry about this,” Harry said to the driver of the car.
“We’re just glad none of the injuries are serious,” the driver replied.
Back at home, Franny tended to Jani’s skinned legs, and Harry placed an ice pack on her forehead.
“What were you doing out on your bike after dark?” said Franny. “We were so worried!”
“I went to tell Beauty good-bye, and then I went to the cemetery to talk to Uncle Kirk.”
“Uncle Kirk?” asked Harry. “You hardly knew him before he died.”
“I remember how nice he was, and he was the only one in your family who played with Emma and me. We both visit the cemetery. It’s beautiful there.”
“Beautiful?” questioned Franny.
“Yes. All the flowers and shade trees, and it’s so quiet. Did you know that Uncle Kirk has an American flag where he is buried?” said Jani.
“I know,” replied Harry, a little surprised that the cemetery was frequently visited by the girls. I guess for a child who has not experienced the grief of losing a loved one, a cemetery could be a beautiful place, he thought.
“It’s not fair that you won’t let me ride Beauty anymore, and you were so mean to Doris,” Jani said, directing her comments to Franny.
“I know you see it that way, but you don’t understand the fear and worry I felt when I saw the ambulance and you lying in the street. I was so scared. You and Emma mean everything to us. I don’t know what I would do if anything happened to either of you,” said Franny with tears streaming down her cheeks. Both the girls went to their mother and hugged her.
“What about me?” asked Harry. The twins laughed and ran to him with hugs and kisses, too.
That night after the girls went to bed, Harry and Franny talked about what they could do to deal with Jani’s angry feelings.
“I have an idea,” said Harry. “Let me make a call.”
Harry called Mr. Ross, whom he had met several years ago when he had hired Harry to lay some specialized flooring in his family room. Mr. Ross had a horse ranch in Chino, a town southeast of Pomona, where he bred racehorses. A friendship developed between the two men, and several times they met at the racetrack. Harry and Franny had even gone to Caliente, Mexico, as Mr. and Mrs. Ross’s guests when their horses were entered in a race. Harry decided to stop by their house and tell him about his situation with Jani and ask if he could bring the girls by to visit the horses.
Mr. Ross said, “Of course, anytime.”
“Thank you, Mr. Ross. The twins are going to be so excited.”
“I will let my son, Eric, know in case I’m not home. Eric tends to the ranch along with a few other hands on the property. He will be glad to show you around.”
On Sunday, Harry told the girls to get in the car because he was taking them for a ride. Franny knew where they were going and hoped that it would help settle the anger Jani still held inside.
“Where are we going?” asked Emma.
“You’ll soon see. It’s not far,” replied Harry.
A sign at the driveway entrance read: Ross Horse Ranch. Seeing the sign, Emma turned to Jani, who was grinning like the Cheshire Cat in Alice in Wonderland, but she didn’t say a word. The driveway was lined with tall eucalyptus trees, which made a beautiful shaded entrance. From the car, they could see the horses running free on the range of the ranch. Jani had her nose pressed against the car window at the enchanting scene.
Harry parked in front of the ranch house. Mr. Ross saw them drive up and met them on the front lawn.
“Girls, I would like you to meet Mr. Ross, who has been nice enough to let us visit his prize horses,” said Harry. “Mr. Ross, these are my daughters, Jani and Emma.”
“Welcome,” said Mr. Ross, shaking hands with the twins.
“I appreciate you letting us visit your ranch,” said Franny.
“I’m glad to have you. Let’s go over to the stables, and I’ll introduce you to my son, Eric. He’ll show you around,” said Mr. Ross. As they reached the stables, Eric rode up bareback on a magnificent Palomino that must have been at least sixteen hands high. Mr. Ross introduced him. 
Shaking hands with Harry before he left, Mr. Ross said, “Enjoy your day and call me Ross. All my friends do.” He then returned to his house as he waved goodbye to Franny and the twins.
Eric was shirtless, with a tan muscular build, and very handsome. In his early twenties, he had sandy-colored hair and was over six feet tall. Jani was awestruck by his presence. Eric dismounted his horse, Sal, and tied him off at the railing in front of the stable.
“Follow me, and I’ll introduce you to our racing family,” said Eric, opening the stable door. There were twenty stalls, ten on each side. “Do any of you ride?” he asked.
“I do!” said Jani without any hesitation.
“Do you show, or do you ride for pleasure?” he asked.
“For pleasure. My friend has two horses, and we rode together almost every day during the summer,” she said with excitement. “I love horses, and I hope someday to have one of my own.”
Emma rolled her eyes. Every day? That’s a stretch, she thought. She’s such a flirt.
Harry and Franny glanced at each other. This was the first time they had heard about Jani’s desire to have a horse. She certainly doesn’t realize what’s involved in owning a horse; the daily commitment, along with the expense, thought Harry. Maybe coming here will help her understand what it takes. I’ll have to talk with her about that later. This is something we would never be able to afford.
The stables were clean, and all the horses were well groomed. Leaving the stable area, Eric took them to the training ring. One of the trainers was working a racehorse. After a few minutes, Jani left the training area and wandered off to the fence surrounding the open range. As she stood on the fence slats, one of the horses came up to greet her, snorting toward her as if to say, Scratch my nose.
“I see you’ve met Millie,” said Eric as he joined Jani on the fence. Millie was a deep colored roan, enjoying the attention Jani gave her. “She can tell you like her. She’s usually picky about who she becomes friends with.”
“She’s beautiful,” said Jani, as she stroked Millie’s nose. “Good girl,” she said, as Millie tossed her head, wanting the scratching to continue.
“Maybe next weekend you can come back, and I’ll let you ride her,” said Eric.
“Really?”
“Sure, if you really know how to ride,” he said as if to challenge her.
How dare he question me? she thought. I’ll show you. She would have to make sure she came back the following weekend. “That would be great. Maybe Dad will drop me off.”
“Time to go,” said Harry, coming up behind Jani. “Thanks for showing us around, Eric.”
“No problem. Glad to have you. See you next weekend,” he said with a wink to Jani.
“What was that all about? Next weekend?” asked Harry as they walked toward the car.
“Eric said that if I can come back next weekend, he would let me ride Millie.”
“Who’s Millie?”
“Didn’t you notice the horse I was petting when you walked up?” said Jani.
“Oh, that horse. We don’t want to wear out our welcome.”
“Eric invited me,” she replied.

***

Next weekend came, and Jani reminded her dad about Eric’s invitation. “Mom and I are going to Caliente, Mexico, with Mr. and Mrs. Ross on Sunday. I’ll check with him and see if it’s okay to drop you off,” said Harry. “We can pick you up when we get home.”
Calling Ross, he asked if Jani could go riding on Sunday. “That would be fine. I’ll let Eric know that she will be coming. He’ll enjoy the company,” confirmed Ross.
Jani eagerly anticipated her dad’s answer and was elated when Harry gave her the good news. Saturday night seemed like the longest night ever. She tried to sleep but tossed and turned, continually waking up to see what time it was.
Harry asked Emma if she wanted to go to the horse ranch, too. Jani was glad that Emma said no because she didn’t ride; she thought Emma would be a drag.
When they arrived at the ranch on Sunday, Jani jumped out of the car and ran to the stable. “See you later,” she said as she waved goodbye to her parents.
“I think we are back in her good graces,” Harry told Franny.
“I think you’re right, but I’m still fearful about her being around horses.”
“Maybe it’s because you don’t know how to ride one. Maybe I should take you,” said Harry with a smile.
Franny quickly turned to look him straight in the eyes.
“That won’t be necessary. You are really funny,” she responded, giving him a big smile in return.
“I’m sure Jani will be okay. I don’t think Eric would let her ride a horse that was not properly trained,” said Harry.
When she arrived at the ranch, Eric was waiting at the stable door, waiting for Jani. “Let’s go to the tack room and get you a saddle,” he said.
“Saddle? I prefer to ride bareback.”
“Okay, missy,” he replied.
“My name is Jani,” she said. Missy? He’s treating me like a little girl. I’ll soon change that, she thought.
“Well, let’s at least get you a bridle. You do use a bridle, don’t you?” he said, with a smile.
She gave him a “drop-dead” look. She didn’t say a word as she followed him to the tack room. Eric took a bridle from the wall and handed it to Jani.
“Here, this one is Millie’s. Do you need any help putting it on?” he asked. Again, Jani gave him another “drop-dead” look.
“No. I think I can handle it,” she said as she turned and walked to the field where Millie was grazing.
Jani approached Millie and spoke to her softly. She scratched Millie’s nose before placing the bridle over her head with ease. Again, she talked to Millie, stroking her neck and back, making sure Millie was in sync with her. She grabbed Millie’s dark mane, and, with a slight jump, Jani swung her right leg up over the horse’s back.
“Well done,” Eric said with a smile as he trotted next to her on Sal. “Let’s go. There are some great trails behind the ranch.”
A few times Eric cantered ahead of Jani, but she had no problem keeping up with him. Several times he started to gallop away from her and then slowed down, urging her to run Millie, which was something Doris never let her do with Beauty. At the end of their ride after they cooled down the horses, together they curried and fed them. Jani thanked Eric for a great day.
“It’s nice to have someone to ride with,” Eric finally admitted. “Most of the girls I know aren’t into horses, or they train for show only and consider riding bareback too primitive.” He wasn’t sure how old Jani was, but she handled herself like a mature equestrian. If he had known she was only sixteen, he might not have been so encouraging.
“If you would like to ride next Sunday, Millie could use the workout. Some of the other hands ride her now and then but not often enough to keep her in shape.”
Eric told her he was attending Cal Poly in Pomona to become an equine veterinarian. Jani told him she was going to Pomona High but didn’t mention what grade she was in, hoping he would think she was a senior.

***

The next two Sundays, Harry called Ross and asked if Jani could go riding again.
“That would be fine,” said Ross. “If Eric is not available, she can still spend time with Millie. She is welcome any time.”
“Thanks, Ross,” said Harry. “I appreciate you letting her come over.”
When she arrived on Sunday, Eric was waiting. A true friendship was budding between the two. Eric was very fond of Jani. He continued to tease her by tickling her whenever he had a chance. She would poke at his ribs in a friendly way and then run from him. A couple of times he put his arm around her. Her heart beat so hard she was sure he could hear it, and she dropped her head in embarrassment.
One afternoon following their ride, they were putting their gear back in the tack room when Jani decided to tell Eric about how her parents made her stop riding Beauty.
“You don’t need to worry about falling while riding with me. I’ll always be here to take care of you.” He put his arms around her and gave her a kiss.
Jani could not believe how Eric’s kiss made her feel. It made her stomach do flips, like riding in a car over a big dip in the road. She just looked at him as he smiled back at her, saying nothing. He kissed her again. Jani leaned into him, feeling his body against hers. Oh, I’ve never felt like this before, thought Jani. I could kiss him all day.
“I’d better take you home,” said Eric. He liked her, but kissing her made him realize how much he really cared for her. I better stop this now before it gets out of hand, he thought. He took her hand and walked her to the truck. They drove home in silence.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Summer break was over, and the girls returned to school. Emma was teaching a tiny-tot dance class after school three times a week and on Saturdays. Jani was still involved in the Y-Teen program twice a week.
One day after school, the twins stood with a group of their friends on the sidewalk outside the school gym. “Look!” said Emma, pointing to a truck heading toward them. “Is that Eric?”
It was Eric. He pulled over to the curb where the girls were standing. Jani went to the truck, “Hey, Eric! What are you doing here?” she asked, happy to see him.
“My class was canceled today, and I thought I would stop by and see if you wanted to go riding this afternoon.”
Surprised and excited, Jani said, “Sure, but I need to stop by my house and change clothes.”
“Okay, I’ll take you. Does Emma need a ride home?”
“No. She teaches a dance class in town today.”
“Get in, and tell Emma to come along. I’ll give her a ride to town.”
Jani went back to the group of girls who had been watching every move she made. “I’m going horseback riding with Eric,” said Jani, grabbing Emma’s hand. “Come on. Eric is going to give you a ride to the studio.”
“Jani, who is he?” asked one of the girls.
“He’s cute. Where did you meet him?” asked another.
“That’s Eric. Jani’s new boyfriend,” said Emma.
“He’s not!” said Jani, giving Emma a slight punch on her arm.
“Is too,” Emma said, punching her back.
“Let’s go,” said Jani, grabbing Emma’s hand and pulling her to the truck.
As they drove away, the twins laughed and waved out the window to the other girls left standing on the curb.
How neat is this! thought Jani. I bet those girls wish someone like Eric would pick them up after school.
Eric dropped Emma off at the studio. After taking Jani home, he waited outside her house as she changed into a sweatshirt and jeans. She also took the time to leave a note for Franny to let her know where she was, just in case her mother got home before she did.
As they rode horseback, they talked and laughed together. There were so many undeveloped horse trails behind the ranch.
“I had no idea trails like this existed back here,” said Jani.
“Let’s give the horses a drink over there,” said Eric. They dismounted and led their horses to a small creek where water cascaded from a nearby wash. Then they headed back to the ranch and he drove Jani home.
Emma was right. Jani liked Eric as a boyfriend and hoped he felt the same. Eric stopped by Jani’s school a couple of times during the next week. Jani kept an extra pair of jeans in her school locker, so they wouldn’t have to take the time to stop by the house for a change of clothes. Jani always told Emma where she was going, just in case Eric didn’t bring her home before dinner, but, so far, he always had.
When they went riding on the weekends, they would cross Riverside Drive and ride in the hills. There was a lot of open territory to explore. The Ross’s cook sometimes packed them a lunch. Shaded areas were plentiful, creating perfect spots for a picnic.
“Did you bring a blanket?” asked Jani.
“I sure did,” he replied, taking a rolled up blanket from behind his saddle. This had become a regular practice. They would eat lunch and then lay on the blanket and neck. Theirkissing had become very passionate. Later their lovemaking increased and took place in Eric’s apartment behind the tack room.
This is the guy I’m going to marry, Jani thought. I can’t wait until I graduate from high school, and we let my parents know our plans.
Franny was beginning to feel that Jani and Eric’s meetings had become more than just riding horses. She was concerned about the age difference between the two. Could Eric be interested in Jani? she wondered.
One Sunday, while Jani was riding with Eric, Franny thought it might be a good time to get some input from Emma. Harry was taking a nap, and Franny went into Emma’s room and sat on the side of her bed. Looking around at the bedroom walls, she thought, What a difference between the two girls’ rooms. Emma’s room has pictures and posters on her wall of dancers and movie stars. Jani’s wall is covered with horse posters.
“How are your dance classes going?” Franny asked Emma. “Do you enjoy teaching the little kids?”
“I love working with the girls, but the boys are more of a challenge. I especially like having my own money.”
After several minutes of conversation, Franny finally asked the question. “How do you think Jani feels about Eric?”
“She loves him,” said Emma without hesitation.
“Love’s him! Isn’t that a little strong?”
Emma stopped for a minute when she realized what she had said. “You know what I mean.”
“I’m not sure I do.”
“Don’t ask me to snitch on my sister. You need to ask her yourself. You might want to ask about Eric’s apartment behind the tack room,” said Emma, turning away from her mother and going back to the book she was reading. She realized that she had already said too much. Emma had a boyfriend, but he was nothing like Eric. She would never admit she was jealous.
How far has this friendship gone? Franny wondered.
To get a true picture of Jani’s feelings for Eric, Franny decided to have a serious talk with Jani when she returned home.
That afternoon, Jani was later than usual returning home from her ride with Eric. Looking out the kitchen window, Franny saw them pull into the driveway. As she watched the two, what she saw confirmed what she had suspected. Eric was kissing Jani in more than a friendly way. In fact, Jani didn’t get out of the truck right away to come in the house. They remained in the truck and the necking continued. I’ll put a stop to this, thought Franny.
Franny stood on the back porch with her hands on her hips as she glared at the two in the truck.
“Uh-oh, I think we are in trouble,” said Eric. “Look on the porch.”
“I think you are right. I’d better go in. I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek before she jumped out of the truck.
Eric pulled away, waving at Jani and her mom.
“Sorry I’m late,” said Jani as she rushed by Franny.
“Where do you think you are going?” asked Franny, catching her by her arm.
“To my room,” she said, pulling her arm away.
Franny grabbed her again, “I don’t like what I just saw.” Jani glared at her, yanking her arm away again. Following Jani to her bedroom, Franny said, “What’s going on between you and Eric?”
“What do you mean?” Jani said with an attitude.
“Don’t get smart with me. You know what I mean. Eric is too old for you, Jani. This is not a good situation.”
“So what are you going to do about it?” was Jani’s sassy response.
“I’m going to discuss this with your father, and we’ll talk with you later.”
“I suppose I’ll be on restriction for two weeks,” Jani said in an insolent tone.
Franny knew if she continued the conversation, tempers would get out of hand. They would have to put a stop to Jani seeing Eric, which meant ending the horseback riding. She was not looking forward to having a talk with Jani later, remembering how angrily she had behaved when they told Jani she couldn’t ride Beauty anymore.
She went to her bedroom, where Harry was taking a nap. He was just waking up and could tell by the look on Franny’s face that something must be wrong.
“What is it?” he asked.
“It’s Jani.”
“Is she home?”
“Yes, but that’s not the problem.” Sitting on the side of the bed, she continued. “For quite some time I have been concerned about the relationship between Jani and Eric. I thought it might be more than horseback riding. I talked with Emma, and she indicated that Jani was in love with Eric.” She had Harry’s complete attention.
She continued, “When Eric brought her home this evening, I watched them from the kitchen window. They were making out in the truck. I had to go and stand on the back porch to let them know I was watching, or I think they would still be there.”
“I had no idea. He is so much older.” Harry sat on the edge of the bed with his head in his hands.“I can’t believe I let this happen,” he said, getting up from the bed. “I need to put a stop to this right now.”
Franny reached out and put her hand on Harry’s arm to stop him. “Let’s talk about this a little first. When I asked Jani what was going on, she was sassy and defensive. You are right; we have to do something now, but we are heading for a big blow up.” They discussed the problem further but came up with no other alternative than to talk to Jani about Eric.
“I don’t want her to think of this as punishment,” said Harry. “She has just made a poor decision to get involved with someone much older. We should have been more aware of what was going on.”
“I know she is not going to understand our reasoning. She’s going to retaliate with anger. We’ll have to stay calm.”
“Right! Like that’s going to happen,” said Harry sarcastically. “Go get her. I’ll meet you in the den.”
Franny went to Jani’s room; the door was closed. She opened the door and asked her to come into the den. Jani slammed closed the book she was reading and stomped her way to the den.
“What’s this all about?” asked Jani with an attitude, glaring at her mom and dad.
“Sit down, honey,” said Harry. “We need to talk about the time you are spending with Eric.”
Jani still stood with her arms crossed in front of her and said, “So what are you going to do now? Forbid me to see Eric?” she snapped.
“We just want to save you from getting your heart broken,” Franny interjected.
“Well, that doesn’t make much sense. You will be breaking my heart by not allowing Eric and me to be together. I love him.” Jani started to cry.
“You are too young to know what true love is,” said Franny.
“And what age is that, Mother?”
Franny hopelessly threw up her hands. “I’m through. She’s all yours,” she said, directing her comment to Harry and left the room. Harry has forgiven me, she thought. But I guess Jani still resents me for the time I left them.
“Come here, honey,” said Harry, reaching out to Jani. She went to her father and curled up in his lap. “It’s my job to protect you, and allowing you to be with someone that can break your heart is not doing my job.”
“He’s not going to break my heart!”
“If I let you continue to see Eric, your relationship will get more involved. Believe me, your heart would really hurt then, and I don’t want to see that happen.”
“Oh, Daddy, please don’t do this to me,” pleaded Jani as tears ran down her cheeks. Harry pulled her close to his chest. He knew his little girl didn’t understand.
Things seemed to have calmed down in the den. I shouldn’t have reacted the way I did, thought Franny. She hit a nerve. I guess she still carries some resentment toward me.
When she returned to the den and stood in the doorway, Harry smiled at Franny as if he had everything under control.
“Jani, someone your age shouldn’t be meeting with any man alone,” said Harry. Jani sat up and stared at him. “Yes, a man, not a boy. I’m not protecting you by letting that happen.”
Jani jerked up from his lap. “What are you thinking? I’m not a slut!” Jani screamed. “You can’t tell me who I can see and who I can’t.” She started to leave the room.
Harry stood up in front of Jani to stop her. Grabbing her arms, he forced her to sit down on the couch. He had never been physical with her before, so she knew he was serious. Staying calm, Harry proceeded, “You are a minor and still under my control. I’m not trying to punish you. As your father, I’m doing what I think is best. I’m done talking. Maybe you can make her understand,” said Harry to Franny as he left the den. Harry hoped that Franny might be able to calm her down.
Franny sat with Jani as she sobbed hysterically. She put her arm around Jani, trying to console her. “Honey, we are not punishing you. I know you are mad at us, but believe me, we are doing what we think is best for you,” said Franny, repeating what Harry had told her about protecting her.
“How can not letting me see Eric be best for me?” Jani was now yelling. “You are wrong!”
“I’m sure you feel that way. I know about falling in love,” Franny said, remembering the feelings she had for Clyde that she had thought was love. “But, as your parents, we have to do what we think is right. Your relationship with Eric, who is eight years older than you, is not good. When you are older, you will be more prepared to make these decisions for yourself.” Franny was trying to give Jani hope for the future.
“You just don’t understand!” said Jani, pulling away from Franny and rushing to her room.
After slamming the door, she threw herself on the bed and buried her face in her pillow as she cried. How could this be happening? she wondered. I love Eric, and now I’ll never see him again. If I could only see him one more time so I could explain. I didn’t get to say goodbye to Millie, either. How could my parents be so mean? Do they hate me? Emma never seems to get in trouble. It just isn’t fair, she thought as she continued to sob.
That evening, Harry called Ross and told him that Jani was not allowed to go to the ranch and explained his concerns. He asked Ross to have a word with Eric.
After the phone call from Harry, Ross called Eric into his study. “Harry Stein just called me. Evidently, he thinks there is something going on between you and Jani.” He waited for a response. Eric didn’t say anything; he waited for his father to continue. “Do you know Jani is only sixteen?”
Ross could tell by the shocked look on Eric’s face that he was not aware that Jani was so young. “Harry has told Jani she can’t see you again or come here to ride.” When he again didn’t answer, Ross continued, “I hope you understand the ramifications, if anything is going on between the two of you. She is a minor.”
He understood what his father was saying. “I wish I could see her one more time to talk to her. I don’t want her hurt and would like to tell her good-bye.” He paused for a moment. “Dad, I really have strong feelings for her, and I know she feels the same about me. Do you think it would be okay for me to call and talk to her?”
“I’d wait a few days. Give Harry a chance to make her understand the circumstances,” said Ross.
Eric went to his apartment and lay on his bed. I can’t believe she is only sixteen, he thought. I know Dad is right, but I’m sure people of our age difference have fallen in love before. I wonder what they did? It’s only a number. I wish I could talk to her one more time.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
Jani wanted to call Eric, but that was impossible. The phone was in the den, and Mom or Dad would hear her calling and stop her. Eric didn’t have a phone in his apartment. If she called him, she would have to call the main house, and his family would know. Maybe he would call her. She lay on her bed, waiting, listening for the phone to ring.
Emma knocked on Jani’s door, hoping to talk to her and make her feel better. She felt a little guilty about what she had told her mom about Jani and Eric.
“Leave me alone!” Jani screamed when she heard the knock on her door.
“It’s me,” Emma said softly.
“Go away!” Jani shouted.
“I want to talk to you.”
“I’m too upset. I don’t want to talk to anyone! Go away!”
The next morning, Franny fixed breakfast for both the girls. Jani refused to eat. “You need to eat something,” coaxed Franny. “Maybe a piece of toast or some juice?”
She was never going to talk to her parents again and gave her mother one of her “drop dead” looks.
Not waiting for Emma, she left the house to catch the bus for school, but Emma caught up with her. Jani started crying as she told her sister what had happened. Emma already knew part of the story because she had heard everything that went on in the house the night before. She quietly listened to Jani as she retold what had happened, hoping it would help her to talk about it.
After school, Emma had a dance class. Jani acted as though she was going to catch the bus home, but instead, she talked one of her friends into taking her to Eric’s. When she was dropped off at the front gate of the ranch, she ran up the path to the stable. Not finding him there, she ran to the tack room, but he wasn’t there either. Hearing the sound of the radio coming from the apartment, playing, “Ain’t It a Shame” by Fats Domino, she knocked on the door.
Eric opened the door and was visibly surprised to see Jani. “What are you doing here?” he asked with concern. She threw her arms around his neck. He hugged her back and then took her arms from around his neck, releasing her clasp.
“Aren’t you glad to see me?” she asked with a pouty look.
“Yes, I’m glad to see you, but my dad told me you were forbidden to come here anymore.”
Jani started to cry. “It’s not fair. Eric, I love you, and I love our rides together. If I can’t see you anymore my life is over.”
“Don’t say that. You know I feel the same way about you, but we have to do what your parents say.”
Looking up at him as he still held her in his arms, she said forlornly, “I know but I had to see you one more time, and I wanted to say goodbye to Millie.”
“Let’s go see Millie, and then I’ll take you home,” Eric said. He took her face in his hands and kissed her for the last time.
Together they walked out to the field where Millie was kept. When Millie saw Jani she came trotting to the fence. Jani climbed over the fence and hugged Millie around her neck. “I’m going to miss you,” she said. “I hope someday I can ride you again.”
“It’s getting dark. I better get you home,” said Eric.
Jani cried again as they held hands and walked to the truck. Sitting as close to Eric as she could, she cried all the way home. When they pulled up the driveway, Franny was watching from the window. Franny called Harry to come to the kitchen. The two waited for Jani and Eric to come in the house, ready to discipline Jani for going against what she had been told and to have a few words with Eric.
Once all four were standing in the kitchen, Harry said, “Jani, what do you think you are doing?”
“We know you don’t want us to see each other anymore,” said Eric. “And we will honor your wishes. Jani just came to the ranch to say goodbye and see Millie for the last time.”
“I appreciate you bringing her home Eric,” said Harry. “I hope you understand our decision was nothing personal against you as an individual, but more related to your age difference.”
“I understand,” Eric responded.
“If the two of you still have feelings for each other when Jani is eighteen, you have my blessing to date,” said Harry, knowing that Eric would probably move on to a girl closer to his own age. Eric shook hands with Harry and left.
Eric looked over at Jani when he reached the door.
She mouthed, “I love you.” She turned, ran past her mom and dad, and glared at them as she said, “I hate you both.” She ran to her room, crying, and slammed the door.
Emma, who was standing in the hall, followed Jani to her bedroom. She wasn’t going to give her the chance to shut her out again.
This time Jani embraced Emma as she cried.
“They won’t let me see Eric or ride Millie ever again,” said Jani.
“I know,” replied Emma. “They think they are doing the right thing.”
“Are you taking their side?” said Jani, pulling back from Emma.
“No, not at all. I just hate it when you get this upset.”
“You wait; you’ll see how it feels when it happens to you.”
Franny opened the bedroom door. “Come on, girls, it’s time for dinner,” she said and then returned to the kitchen.
Before Emma left to eat, Jani said, “I’m not going to eat. I’m never going to speak to them again.” She threw herself on the bed. Emma knew that would be impossible but left her alone for now.
While eating dinner, they heard Jani come out of her room, go into the bathroom, and slam the bathroom door. Soon after she left the bathroom, she slammed the door again. Returning to her bedroom, she slammed that door, too.
Still, at the dinner table, Harry glanced at Franny and Emma. “Slamming doors is going to stop right now,” he said.
Harry went to the garage, came back with a few hand tools, and went to Jani’s room. When he opened the door, she yelled at him to stay out. Without saying a word, he took his hand tools and removed the hinges on her bedroom door. Jani sat on the side of her bed in shock.
After removing the door, he said, “There will be no more slamming of doors in this house. Your door will be off for two weeks. If you continue to slam doors, each door you slam will add one more day.”
That threw Jani into another crying session. She pounded her fist on the bed and screamed into her pillow until she finally fell asleep.

***

After two weeks of not speaking to her parents, Jani realized she was not going to win the battle. She wanted to get even with them for not letting her see Eric or Millie, but, at the moment, she didn’t have a plan. Jani’s bedroom door was back in place, and she again ate breakfast before school. With a sullen look at dinnertime, she pushed her food around her plate and ate very little. Harry and Franny acted as if they didn’t notice. Franny no longer nagged her about not eating her vegetables. When dinner was over, she just picked up Jani’s plate and discarded whatever remained.

***

The girls no longer went to Isla’s on weekends on a regular basis. Aunt Amy’s condition had worsened, and Isla’s days were busy as a caregiver. In fact, Isla didn’t even go to church on Sunday. Although, the pastor did come by on Sunday afternoons to pray with Isla and Amy.
Emma had been attending the neighborhood church and was involved in the teen program. She thought now would be a good time for Jani to join her and maybe get her mind off Eric.
Just before spring break was over, the church was planning a two-night outing at a nearby mountain village of Crestline.
“Jani, our church group is having an outing in the mountains, and I asked Pastor Sims if you could come along,” Emma said to Jani. “It will be a lot of fun.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” said Jani.
“What else do you have planned for the weekend?”
“Well, nothing really.”
“You know how you loved the mountains and watching all the animals in the forest. Please, Jani, go with me. It’s the sisterly thing to do,” Emma pleaded.
“All right. I’ll go.”
It was a boy-and-girl outing, and normally Harry and Franny would not have approved. Franny checked on the chaperone situation and was assured the boys and girls would have separate rooms and be closely supervised. She discussed it with Harry, and they decided it might bring Jani out of her slump. She needed to get back to being her sociable self and leave thoughts of Eric behind.
During the planning stage of the church trip, Jani’s sparkle came back. While she had been seeing Eric, she had broken off with her school friends. Now she needed to get back with kids her own age. Jani and Emma went to the church meetings together to help plan the mountain trip. The group consisted of fourteen teenagers, eight girls and six boys. Two women signed up as chaperones for the girls, and a man plus Pastor Sims would be in charge of the boys. They planned to meet at the church parking lot on Thursday evening. Everyone took a sleeping bag or a bed-roll, and the boys took fishing poles.
They arrived at a large redwood cabin with two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, and a large common area. A long deck surrounded the front of the cabin and ran around the side by the bedrooms. The furnishings were basic. The couch and chairs had wood frames with fabric cushions on the seat and back, in earth tone colors of browns and orange; durable for teenage wear. Large windows all around the common area had pull-down shades. The owner of the cabin must have been a hunter because there were two deer heads mounted on the wall.
“I’m glad I came. I forgot how good the mountain air smelled,” said Jani taking in a big breath.
“I’m glad you did, too. And tomorrow we’re going hiking. I hope we see some deer, other than the ones on the living room wall,” said Emma, laughing.
The fresh mountain air was invigorating. It reminded them of the fishing trips they used to take with their parents.
The girls took the two bedrooms, and the boys all slept together in the common area. The first thing on the agenda was to assign kitchen duties. The girls were going to cook dinner the first night and fix breakfast the next morning. The boys would cook dinner the following night and fix breakfast the last morning. They would return home late Saturday afternoon.
Everyone put their belongings away, and Pastor Sims gave them some free time to explore but reminded them not to go too far and told them to stay in a group. At five o’clock, the women chaperones called the girls in to start dinner. Spaghetti was on the menu, which seemed simple enough to feed a group of teenagers. While they cooked dinner, Pastor Sims took the boys to gather wood and loose branches to build a campfire in a fire ring outside the cabin. Everyone was given instructions about the danger of fire in the forest and that the fire ring was not a play area.
After dinner, they roasted marshmallows and sang camp songs. Pastor Sims could see that the group was getting tired, so he said it was time to go inside and roll out the sleeping bags. The boys had a hard time settling down, laughing as they made loud bodily noises. Pastor Sims threatened that if they didn’t quiet down and go to sleep, they would be confined to the cabin the next day and miss out on the fishing trip. They soon settled down. The girls thought the boys were behaving childishly. Finally, all was quiet.
The sun came up early, shining through the front windows. The boys just pulled their sleeping bags over their heads so they could continue to sleep. Jani and Emma, and the other girls in their room were already awake, watching two squirrels running up and down the tree trunk outside their bedroom window.
“Look, there’s a squirrel sitting over there on the rail,” said Emma, as she pointed at the railing along the decking. When the other girls in her room woke up, they all watched the squirrel. Soon, another one came along.
“Do you think if we put some bread crumbs out on the rail they would take them?” asked one of the girls.
Mrs. Frank, one of the chaperones, told the girls to stay still, and she would go to the kitchen and see what she could find. They saw the squirrels run off as Mrs. Frank approached the railing and left some potato chips. She returned to the bedroom, and together they waited for the squirrels to come back. They didn’t have to wait long. The squirrels had watched from a distance, and, as soon as Mrs. Frank went back inside, they were back on the rail to check out what goodies had been left behind. The girls were fascinated as they observed them pick up the chips, sit up, and munch away, holding the food in their front paws. All the girls were captivated as they pointed at the squirrels and whispered to each other. Before they realized it, it was time to cook breakfast.
“You missed out on seeing the squirrels this morning,” Emma told Tad.
“No big deal. I’ve seen squirrels before,” he answered, very disinterestedly.
Just as well, thought Emma. You probably would have tried to scare the squirrels away.
“Okay, boys. Get your fishing poles. It’s time to go to the lake and catch dinner for our women-folk,” said Pastor Sims. That comment made the girls laugh.
“I wonder who will catch the biggest fish?” said Sue, one of the girls in the group.
“I will,” said Tad.
“I go fishing with my dad all the time. I think I will,” said one of the other boys.
“Okay. Whoever gets the biggest fish doesn’t have to help with dinner tonight,” said Pastor Sims.
After the boys left and the breakfast dishes were done, Mrs. Frank headed out with a group of girls who wanted to go hiking, while the other chaperone stayed at the cabin with those who didn’t want to go. Emma and Jani were ready for a hike. The hikers packed a lunch to take along with them, not knowing what time they would get back.
When the boys reached the edge of the lake where they were going to fish, Pastor Sims put down his big tackle box, ready to help those who had not fished before. A few boys caught fish, but they were too small to keep.
“Hey, guys, watch where you are stepping because the banks are muddy and slippery,” warned Pastor Sims. But his warning was a little late.
“Whoo!” yelled Tad as he slipped on the muddy bank and fell on his butt. All the boys laughed.
“Give him a hand,” hollered Pastor Sims to the boys closest to Tad. Gingerly, two of the boys reached out to help him get his footing. “Sorry, Tad, but you will have to wear you muddy clothes until we are ready to leave.”
“No problem,” said Tad, a little embarrassed. “What’s a little dirt?”
The group fished for another hour, but no luck. “I hope our women folk aren’t counting on us to bring home dinner,” said Pastor Sims.
“Me too,” said one of the boys. “We’d starve.” That made all the boys laugh.
“Reel in your lines,” said Pastor Sims. “It’s time to go back to the cabin.
That night around the campfire, everyone took turns telling stories about what they had done or had seen during the day. The boys told about Tad slipping in the mud. The mud had dried, and the boys said he walked like the Tin Man in The Wizard of Oz. The girls tried not to laugh, but they were at the cabin when he came back, and he was quite a sight.
They also told about waterdogs and other interesting things they had seen in the water. No one was a winner of catching the biggest fish.
The girls who went hiking told about seeing more squirrels, rabbits, blue jays, and even some chipmunks. The group who stayed behind told about two deer that came close to the cabin. They had quietly watched the deer from the window so they wouldn’t scare them away. Emma and Jani hoped the deer would come back the following day. It made them think of the movie Bambi, and Emma asked Pastor Sims if there were any hunters in the forest near the cabin. He assured the girls that Bambi was safe.
The next day, everyone went into town for a shopping trip and to have lunch in the village. Everyone had brought a little spending money for lunch or snacks. It was fun to go into the shops and look around and maybe buy a small souvenir.
Jani and Emma skipped lunch and had ice cream cones instead. So did a few of the other kids. Soon Mrs. Frank said it was time to return to the cabin. Jani thought it was a little early to go back but didn’t question Mrs. Frank as she gathered up the group. All the boys and girls and chaperones were together, except for Pastor Sims and two of the boys.
After dinner, the girls were told to pack up their belonging and get ready to leave early in the morning. There wasn’t going to be a campfire that night.
Pastor Sims gathered everyone together and talked about temptations and knowing right from wrong. He talked about making good decisions and being honest.
Later on, Jani and Emma heard Mrs. Frank tell the other woman counselor that two of the boys had been caught stealing. They had taken two knitted caps from one of the stores and stuck them in their jackets. The owner of the store had watched the boys as they started to walk out. He pulled them aside and was in the process of calling the local police when Pastor Sims arrived. He talked with the store owner, and he explained the boys were on a church-sponsored outing. The boys apologized and returned the caps so the owner of the store let them go without pressing charges.
The twins returned home and shared their forest experiences with their mom and dad but decided not to mention the boys stealing the knitted caps. Franny and Harry felt good that they had let the girls go with the church group. Maybe it was time to give the girls a little more freedom. They were sixteen, almost seventeen, and next year they would be seniors and wanting to date boys. It was time to let them go to movies or for a Coke with boys who drove cars.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
Harry and Franny continued to work on their marriage, but Harry still had a problem trusting Franny. In the back of his mind, he could not get past the thoughts of Franny cheating on him. He made every effort to plan to do things together on the weekends, mainly going to the horse races. Franny was not a fan of the sport, but she enjoyed dressing up and having lunch in the clubhouse.
She had changed jobs and now worked in the credit department at Buffums, an upscale department store, in downtown Pomona. One of her co-workers was Tina, who had just lost her husband in an automobile accident. Befriending her, Franny asked Harry if they could include her the following Saturday on their trip to the racetrack. Harry agreed.
Tina lived on Towne Avenue, not far from Harry and Franny. They picked her up Saturday morning on the way to Hollywood Park Race Track. Tina had never been to a horse race before, and, like Harry, she found it very exciting.
Harry felt it was his responsibility to bring each horse he was betting on to the finish line by yelling encouragement. Near the end of each race, when the horses came around the final stretch, Harry would stand at the rail, waving his fist and yelling. “Come on! Come on!” he yelled, calling out the name of the horse he had bet on.
Franny usually just sat in the stands and people watched, not paying much attention to Harry. He had won two races out of the first four, so he had an adrenaline rush. When cashing in his winning ticket, he bought two more tickets at the para-mutual window for the fifth race.
“Here, Tina,” he said, handing her a ticket. “I bought you a ticket on Stormy Cloud. I bet her on the nose. One ticket for you, and one ticket for me.”
“On the nose?” asked Tina, looking confused. “What does that mean?”
“That’s a term meaning you bet the horse to win. If it doesn’t come in first, you lose. Stormy Cloud is a favorite, so it won’t pay a lot of money, but I have a hunch it will win.”
“Thanks, Harry,” said Tina, as she glanced at Franny. “This is going to be fun!”
Franny looked at them, slightly bored, as she said, “Good luck, you two. I hope you win.”
“Don’t you want to bet, too?” asked Tina, looking at Franny.
“No, thanks. I just come for the people watching.”
Most everyone stood up as the horses left the starting gate. Tina joined Harry standing at the rail. The horses were halfway around the track when Harry started cheering in a normal voice, “Come on, Stormy! Come on, Stormy!” The closer the horses got to the finish, the louder Harry shouted.
The horses came around the final bend to the finish line. Stormy was in second place. Harry knew if he didn’t yell louder, Stormy would never overtake Chance, the horse in the lead.
Exuberantly, Harry waved his right fist in the air, yelling, “Come on Stormy! Come on Stormy!” He was in a world of his own.
Tina joined Harry at the rail waving her fist too and yelling, “Come on Stormy!”
Stormy was neck and neck with Chance and closing in on the finish line. Stormy won by a nose. Harry and Tina hugged and jumped up and down together.
“We won! We won!” shouted Tina to Franny.
“You sure did,” answered Franny with a smile. “That Harry really knows how to pick them.”
“Come on, Tina. Let’s pick up our winnings,” said Harry. As the two left the stands, Harry had his arm around Tina’s waist.
I don’t think I like what I’m seeing. Maybe I’ve been taking Harry for granted. I’ll put a stop to this before it gets out of hand, she thought, remembering what a few flirting moments could do. It had never crossed her mind, until now, that other woman could be attracted to Harry. It was true, he came alive at the races. He became a different man.
When Harry and Tina returned to the stands, Franny went to Harry and gave him a big hug. “You really know how to pick them, honey,” she said. Glancing at Tina, she said, “Now you know why we love to come to the races every weekend.” Franny stayed close to Harry’s side the rest of the day, showing a lot more interest in every horse he picked. Several times she glanced at Tina as if to say, “He’s mine.”
Tina thanked them for a wonderful day when they dropped her off at her house. “I sure hope you invite me again sometime. That was so much fun.”
“Sure thing,” said Harry, opening the car door for Tina.
Not likely, thought Franny.
Getting back in the car, Harry said, “I think she had a real good time. She’s a nice lady.”
“Yes, she is,” agreed Franny. “Too bad she has to work weekends.”
As they pulled into their driveway, the girls came running to the car. “Call Grandma right away. She sounded upset,” said Emma.
Franny rushed into the house to call her mother. “Mom, the girls said you called.”
“Amy’s gone. My sister is gone,” said Isla sorrowfully.
“I’m so sorry, Mother. You gave her the best of care. How’d it happen?”
“Amy had been listless for the last three days. I thought the end might be near. I could hardly get her to eat anything, and she didn’t want lunch today. She closed her eyes for her afternoon nap. After a few hours, I tried to wake her but I didn’t get any response, so I called Dr. Winco. He came right away. He told me she was finally at peace.”
“I know you are never ready to say goodbye, but her illness has been long, and you gave her dignity. You have been a loving sister.”
“I called Pastor Riley, and he came over, and we prayed together. It’s comforting to know she is finally with her husband. They were so much in love. I called Tom to let him know his mother was gone. He’s on his way over.” She paused. “There is so much to do, I’m overwhelmed by what to do first.”
“I’ll come over and sit with you.”
“That would be nice. I’d like the company while I wait for the people from the mortuary.”
Franny arrived about the same time as Tom and his wife. The three of them waited for the representatives from Todd’s Mortuary to take Amy’s body.
“Aunt Isla, I can’t tell you how grateful I am for the care you gave my mother,” said Tom giving her a hug. “We are so lucky to have you.”
“She was my sister. I wouldn’t have had it any other way,” said Isla.
The doorbell rang. It was two men from Todd’s Mortuary and Isla invited them in. They explained the process, and she showed them to Amy’s room. Then she returned to the front room with Franny and Tom.
“I’ll take care of all the funeral arrangements,” said Tom, as they watched the men take Amy from the house and drive away.
Tom and his wife stood up, ready to leave. “I’ll call you with the date and time for the service.” He kissed Isla and Franny on the cheek and left.
“Would you like a cup of tea?” Isla asked Franny.
“That sounds good. I’m going to call Harry and let him know I’ll be a little longer.”
After calling Harry, Franny joined Isla in the kitchen. They drank their tea, and Isla talked about her and Amy’s childhood.
“Mom, do you want to come and spend the night with us?” asked Franny.
“No, I’ll be okay. I’m tired and want to sleep in my own bed.”
“Okay, but you’re welcome to come home with me in case you change your mind. I think I’ll go now if you are okay to be alone.”
“I’ll be fine.” They hugged and Franny left.
Isla went to Amy’s room and stood in the doorway, looking at the empty bed. “I’ll miss you,” she said aloud. “But I know you are in a good place.” She removed the bedding, finally allowing herself to cry. She closed the bedroom door. She was exhausted and went to bed.
Tom called the next day to let her know there would be a graveside service at Pomona Cemetery on Tuesday at ten thirty in the morning.
The service was short. Tom ordered food to be delivered to Isla’s house, where the family gathered to eat together and reminisce.
When Tom was ready to leave, he put his arms around Isla, and said, “Aunt Isla, there is not enough money to show you my appreciation for the care you gave my mother. But, I’ve decided to pay off your mortgage to make sure you always have a place to live.”
“Oh, Tom,” said Isla, putting her head on his chest as she cried.
“Aunt Isla, you are the only family I have left, and you hold a special place in my heart.”
He hugged Franny and the twins, shook hands with Harry, and left.

***

It was May 5, 1956, near the end of the twins’ junior year. They looked forward to summer vacation. Many of their friends were seniors and making plans for graduation and getting jobs. Some had plans for college.
During third period class, the school fire alarm went off. No one panicked because it was normal to have periodic fire drills. Everyone filed out of their classrooms as they had practiced many times. No one was in a rush. As far as they were concerned, it was just another boring drill. All the students assembled in their assigned areas with their teachers waiting for the all-clear alarm to sound so they could return to class.
Five minutes elapsed, then ten minutes…fifteen. Everyone including the teachers began to wonder what was taking so long. The students formed into groups, making small talk as they waited.
“Look! Over there!” yelled one of the students as he pointed toward the administration building. “It’s smoke!” Other students also pointed. Then cheers broke out: “Yeah! The school is burning!”
It was not a drill; the school was on fire. A message was sent to the teachers to send the students home, but no one left. Reality set in. Along with the students, passersby stopped to watch in shock as the fire trucks arrived, and firefighters entered the auditorium with their fire hoses. Flames and smoke billowed from the auditorium roof.
“I don’t believe it,” Emma said sadly. “Our school is burning down.”
“What will we do?” said Jani. “How will we finish the school year? We haven’t even taken our finals.”
“This is the happiest day of my life,” said a boy standing next to the twins.
“Me too!” said another.
Others cheered, “Schools out! Schools out!
In the newspaper the next morning, the headline read, “Pomona High School Fire.” An article covering the event reported the campus was closed for the school year. The next morning, the twins and most of the other students went to the school to make sure it was actually closed.
The gates were chained and padlocked. There were notices posted on all the entrances. The notices read:
School is closed for the rest of the year. Information on graduation
and next year’s class schedules will be sent to all students by mail.

There were also no trespassing signs posted all around the school. Some of the students were happy that school was out, but Jani and Emma were disappointed because they didn’t get to say goodbye to their school friends. But, they were happy to find out there would not be any finals. No one failed; everyone received a passing grade.
The auditorium was destroyed. What will happen to our drama class and our assemblies? Emma wondered. Emma loved performing in school plays, and Jani had looked forward to try-outs for the rally squad that was usually held in the auditorium.
Three weeks later, notices were mailed that graduation would still take place on the scheduled date at the Greek Theater at Ganesha Park. The notice also informed the students that next year’s classes would only be half day. Emma and Jani’s schedules and other seniors would be in the morning, 7:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Others would go to class from 12:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. The girls were okay with half day school but wondered what they would do the rest of the day. They couldn’t hang around the YMCA all afternoon.
Summer vacation came too soon; they hadn’t had time to make any plans. They certainly didn’t want to spend their summer on a blanket under the tree. They decided they would look for summer jobs. They were almost seventeen and wouldn’t need a work permit until school started.
Emma already had a job teaching on Saturdays at the dance studio. With her new school schedule, the studio offered to increase her teaching hours. She taught tap, acrobatics, and ballet to boys and girls, ages four to ten.
Jani applied for a job at the Owl Drugstore on the corner of Second Street and Garey Avenue, below the dance studio. She also applied at Kresses, a dime store in the next block. With school being out early, both places had a lot of applicants. Due to Jani’s outgoing personality, The Owl Drugstore hired her to work Fridays and Saturdays.
Both girls decided to volunteer to help out at Washington Park with the park’s summer program on their days off. They also worked the desk at the YMCA during teen events.
The Y had monthly beach trips with a hotdog roast in the late afternoon. The girls met at the Y early in the morning, everyone climbed into the back of a big truck, and off they would go. It was a bumpy ride, but all the kids enjoyed it.
A nightclub called The Rainbow Gardens opened across from the YMCA. To get in you had to be twenty-one years old because they served alcohol. A few times after work at the Y, the girls went over and peeked through the windows. The club was closed during the day, and the windows were painted on the inside, so they couldn’t see in.
Flyers were distributed at the Y about a teen dance night at the Rainbow Gardens. Admittance was limited to teenagers between the ages of sixteen and nineteen. The special attraction was Fats Domino, a rock-n-roll star.
The girls brought the flyers home and begged Harry and Franny to let them go to the dance.
“Absolutely not!” was their parents’ first response.
The club already had a reputation for fights requiring police enforcement. The girls pointed out on the flyer where it said no alcohol would be served and the age limit was sixteen to nineteen. Since Franny worked in Pomona, she asked around about the event. A week later, the girls brought up the dance again.
“All our friends are going,” said the twins.
Harry said he would check on the event and let them know later. He went to the Pomona police station to inquire about the event’s security. The police told him there would be plenty of police officers on site, along with additional adult supervision inside the club. Harry finally said they could go, but he would take them and pick them up.
Excited about the dance, the girls were on their best behavior. They did extra chores around the house and kept their rooms spotless. They didn’t want anything to happen that would make their parents change their minds.
Franny and Harry were wise to some of the girls’ previous mischievous escapades, which usually involved boys or not being truthful about where they were going. The girls could never figure out how their parents always found out what they were doing.
Like the time Harry and Franny went to the horse races on Sunday with Mr. and Mrs. Ross. Mr.Ross drove that day, which meant Harry’s car was parked in the garage. The girls had their learner’s permits, which meant they needed a licensed driver with them. Kay, a teenager with a license, lived across the street and was sitting on her front porch.
“Hey Kay, what are you doing today?” asked Jani.
“Oh, nothing. My folks went out of town for the day. I didn’t want to go. Now I’m so bored, and I wished I had gone,” answered Kay.
“Would you like to go to Ontario with us to get a Coke and fries?” asked Emma.
“We heard that there are cute boys that hang out there,” said Jani.
“Sure,” said Kay, leaving the porch and joining the girls. She didn’t question if the girls had a driver’s license. She thought they were just being neighborly.
Jani found the car keys in Harry’s dresser drawer, and she had already backed the car out of the garage and was ready to go. The three girls piled into the car and were off to Ontario. Once at the drive-in, they flirted and chatted with boys, telling them they were eighteen. They didn’t exchange phone numbers, because they certainly didn’t want any of them to call the house.
The next night, Harry quizzed the girls about what they had done the day before. They said they had walked to Morrison’s Drug Store, bought some ice cream, came home and watched a movie on television. That morning when Harry took the trash out to the curb for pick-up, he saw food bags from the Ontario drive-in in the incinerator in the backyard, which they never used anymore. That little caper resulted in two weeks of restriction. The girls never figured out how Harry knew where they had been.
After that, when Harry and Franny went out and left the car home, he wrote down the mileage and marked the tires with chalk. There were two more times that the girls took the car joy-riding without permission. Each time the consequences became more severe. They finally decided it wasn’t worth the restriction punishment.
“I’m tired of being on restriction,” Emma told Jani.
“Me, too,” replied Jani. “I’m going to try to behave.”
“Maybe if Mom and Dad trusted us, we could do more things.”
“I’m willing to give it a try.”
“It won’t be easy, but I’ll give it a try, too.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
It was the night of the teen dance, and as agreed, Harry took the girls. He told them he would pick them up at 11:00 p.m. The music was already blaring when the twins arrived. A security guard at the door checked school IDs to confirm ages. They were careful not to let anyone in over the age of nineteen.
The pre-show band was live and exhilarating, not like the record dances at school. The girls had never danced to a live band; what a difference it made!
Fats Domino was the main attraction, and the crowd was getting restless waiting for him to come on stage. Soon the audience started chanting, “We want Fats! We want Fats!” When he came out the place exploded with cheers. No one of his status had appeared in Pomona before. The twins danced every dance with some boys they knew from school, and some with boys they had never met.
Emma met a boy named Norm. He was a good dancer and very handsome. Like her, he knew how to jitterbug. No one else at school knew that style of dance. Most of the kids just moved with the beat of the music. Emma knew many dance steps, including the Charleston and rumba. She had never met a boy who could do all the dances she could, so they danced together the rest of the night. At one time the crowd formed a circle around them, clapping their hands to encourage them to keep dancing. Emma was having the time of her life.
“Who is that boy?” Jani asked.
“I don’t know. His name is Norm,” replied Emma.
“You guys can really dance good together. You are going to have to teach me some of those steps.”
A few times other boys tried to cut in on Norm. He would let them but turned around and came right back, cutting in on them.
Jani tapped Emma on the shoulder. “It’s five minutes to eleven o’clock. We’d better go outside and wait for Dad.”
“You can’t go now,” Norm said when he heard Jani give Emma the reminder.
“We have to go. Our dad is picking us up,” said Emma.
“I thought you said you were eighteen. And your dad is still picking you up?”
“Well, he is really strict,” said Emma.
“Give me your phone number,” said Norm.
Jani shook her head, poking Emma to get her attention. Emma ignored her sister and wrote her phone number on the cuff of Norm’s shirt and mouthed, “Call me.”
“You told him you were eighteen?” Jani asked.
“Well, yes!” Emma replied with a grin.
“I told everyone I danced with that I was eighteen, too,” Jani said. The girls giggled as they left the club.
Harry stood at the door, waiting for them. The parking lot was dark, and he didn’t want them to walk out alone. Both girls hugged their dad, thanking him for letting them attend and telling him they had the best time ever.
The following week Norm called Emma.
“Can you go to the movies with me Saturday night?” asked Norm.
“I can’t go with anyone until they have met our dad,” Emma replied.
“Okay, when?”
“Can you come over tomorrow night after dinner?”
“Okay, I’ll see you around seven thirty,” said Norm.
When Emma hung up the phone, she ran to tell Jani.
“What shall I do? Dad will know he’s older and won’t let me go,” she said to Jani.
“Just wait and see what happens. What’s the worst thing he could say? He will say no, and you won’t go.”
“But I really want to go. Maybe you could come along.”
“Let’s just wait and see what Dad says.”
The next night, Norm came over after dinner with his friend Joey. Emma and Jani both met them at the door and noticed that Norm had a bouquet of flowers in his hand. I’ve never had a boy bring me flowers, thought Emma. Not knowing what to say, she waited for him to hand her the bouquet.
“Have a seat,” she said, as she motioned to the couch. “Oh, this is my sister Jani. I think you saw her at the dance,” Emma said to Norm. Although they weren’t identical, Joey did a double take realizing they were twins.
“This is Joey,” said Norm as he handed the flowers to Emma. “These are for your mother because she has such a beautiful daughter, or should I say, daughters.”
“Isn’t that nice,” Emma said. “We’ll go get our parents.” The twins giggled as they went to the den.
“Flowers for Mom!” exclaimed Jani. “That’ll go over big with her.”
“If we double date, I’m sure Dad will let us go,” said Emma.
“What makes you think Norm’s friend would even want to date me?”
“Did you see the way he looked at you? Believe me, he wants to take you out.”
The girls went to the den to get Harry and Franny. Emma announced, “Norm, the boy I told you about, is here to meet you. He has also brought a friend.” Turning to Franny, she said, “Norm said to give these to you, Mom.”
Taking the flowers, Franny gave Harry a curious look. Norm, thought Harry. Maybe I should call him “slick.”
All four returned to the front room, where Norm and Joey waited. Both boys stood up and shook hands with Harry and Franny as Emma introduced them.
“Thank you for the flowers. They are lovely,” said Franny, impressed.
This guy is too smooth, thought Harry. He could be trouble.
“I’ll go put them in water,” said Franny, leaving the room.
“Nice to meet you boys,” said Harry. No need for the third degree at this point, he thought. He already had his gut feelings. Besides, it was time for The Red Skelton Show. Nothing was going to make him miss his favorite TV program, and he left to return to the den.
The boys stayed for about an hour. They told the girls that they had already graduated from high school and lived in Montclair, a town nearby. Norm was originally from New York, and his family moved here three years ago. Joey was a California boy. The girls confessed their true age, but that didn’t seem to make a difference to the boys.
“Can you girls go to the show Saturday night with Joey and me?” asked Norm.
“Sure,” said Emma without hesitation. Jani gave her a look, which she ignored.
“I’ll call you Friday to let you know what time we’ll pick you up,” said Norm. They said their goodbyes and left.
“What a nice young man that was,” said Franny to Emma after the boys had left. Harry had no comment.

***

Emma and Jani waited a few days before asking Harry if they could go to the movies with Norm and Joey. Franny and Harry were in the den watching TV when the girls decided to pop the question. Harry didn’t answer right away.
“Honey, I think it should be okay,” Franny said to Harry. “After all, both the girls are going, so it’s not like a date alone with a boy.” Harry still didn’t say anything.
“Please, Daddy. It’s just a movie. It’s not like we are going out of town,” begged Emma.
The twins waited for the answer. Is this the quiet before the storm? Emma thought as she waited for the lightning to strike.
“Okay,” said Harry. “But I want you home right after the show.”
“Thanks, Daddy!” the girls squealed, bouncing on his lap with hugs and kisses.
“That’s enough, girls,” Harry said, putting up his arms as a shield but loving every minute of it. It was worth saying “Yes” to see my girls so excited, he thought. But, I still have a few reservations about those boys.
Norm called on Friday and told Emma they would pick them up around 6:00 p.m. The girls fretted over what to wear: skirts and blouses or jeans and sweaters. The decided on skirts and blouses, so they could wear their new matching angora socks and saddle oxfords. When the boys arrived to pick them up, Harry and Franny were there to see them off.
“What time would you like the girls home, Mr. Stein?” asked Norm.
Oh, this is just too much. A least he has some manners, thought Harry. “What time is the movie over?”
“I think it should be over around ten thirty,” said Norm.
“Okay. I expect the girls home by eleven o’clock and no later.”
“No later than eleven o’clock, sir,” repeated Norm, and the four headed out the door.
Franny and Harry watched the girls from the window as they climbed into the car with the boys.
“I can’t believe I’ve agreed to this,” said Harry, shaking his head.
“They’ll be all right,” said Franny. “We have to let go sometime.”
Emma and Jani thought they were going to the show at the Fox Theater. But no, the boys were taking them to the new drive-in theater on Mission Avenue. The girls had heard about dates at the drive-in from some of their friends. This is going to be real exciting, thought Emma.
The twins had been to the drive-in theater before with their parents and heard talk at school that “almost everyone” was going there instead of walk-in theaters. Cars were a lot more private for making out. They had also heard advice to leave the car window open a crack because otherwise, the windows might fog up. If that happened, the theater attendants or patrolmen would knock on car windows to make sure that nothing inappropriate was going on.
A block before the drive-in, Joey turned onto a side street and stopped the car.
“What’s going on? Why are we stopping here?” asked Emma
“Do either of you girls know how to drive?” asked Joey.
“I do,” Jani replied, giving Emma a curious glance.
Why? Emma wondered.
“Joey and I are going to get in the trunk of the car, and Jani you are going to drive us through the pay booth,” said Norm. “Park the car in the very last row, and let us know when it’s all clear for us to get out.”
“What! Why are you doing this?” asked Jani.
“Because that way we get in free, and we only have to pay for you girls,” said Joey with a big grin.
“What if something goes wrong?” asked Emma.
“What if the car stalls?” asked Jani.
“What if you guys suffocate?” asked Emma.
“None of those things are going to happen. Everybody does it. Are you going to be scardy-cats?” asked Norm.
That did it. No one was going to call them scaredy-cats. “Okay, tell us what to do,” said Jani. “I’ll drive.”
“That’s more like it,” said Joey. “We’re going to get in the trunk now. You let us know when you’re near the ticket booth and once you have passed it. We can hear you talk, and you will be able to hear us. Here’s the money for your tickets,” he said, handing her the cash. “Come on, Norm.”
The girls were nervous as they watched the boys squeeze themselves together to fit in the trunk.
“Close the trunk door,” said Joey. Jani did and then positioned herself behind the driver’s seat.
“Are you guys okay back there?” Emma yelled.
“We sure are, unless Joey lets a fart!” said Norm. The girls heard the boys laugh, and they wrinkled their noses with disgust.
“Hush. We’re almost there,” said Jani.
“Two adults please,” Jani said as she handed payment to the cashier at the ticket booth.
“Enjoy the movie,” said the booth attendant, handing her the tickets.
Jani nodded with a smile and hoped he hadn’t noticed her hands shaking. Both girls were nervous. Jani drove the car around to the back row. Most of the parking spaces were already taken. Finally, she found a vacant spot.
“We’re pulling into the parking spot!” Jani yelled to the boys.
“Hey! My head,” said Norm.
“Ow! My foot,” said Joey. They both took a big bounce when Jani pulled too fast over the bump in the parking space.
“Sorry!” Jani yelled back.
“Get us out of here!” shouted Norm. “I can’t breathe.”
“I’m coming,” said Emma as Jani handed her the keys to open the trunk. First, she checked around to see if anyone was looking. It was getting dark, so she thought it would be okay for the boys to get out without being seen.
“Hurry up,” said Joey.
“Just a minute. I’m making sure everything is clear.” Emma unlatched the trunk and the boys were coiled up together and ready to spring out like a Jack-in-the-box toy.
“That was scary,” said Emma.
“What were you worried about? You weren’t the one stuck in the trunk,” said Norm, shaking his legs.
“Don’t complain,” said Emma. “This was your idea.”
“Okay, girls, do you want popcorn and a Coke? I need to stretch,” said Joey.
“I sure do,” said Jani. “My throat is dry.”
“So is mine,” said Emma.
The girls watched the boys as they walked to the snack bar. “I was so scared,” said Jani, letting out a deep breath.
“Me too,” said Emma, putting her hands on her chest. “I was afraid we were going to get caught. I don’t want to do that ever again.”
“Did you see my hands shake when I handed that guy the money?” said Jani. “This is something we are going to have to keep between the two of us.”
“I agree,” Emma said.
The boys came back with two popcorns to share and four sodas. The movie started, and once the popcorn was gone, the boys made their moves. Kissing was one thing, but wandering hands was more than the girls had anticipated. They didn’t want to be known as prudes, but some ground rules needed to be established. This was the first date with these boys, and Norm was too aggressive for Emma.
“What do you think you are doing?” said Emma when Norm started to put his hand under her blouse.
“Oh, come on,” said Norm.
“I’m not that kind of girl,” she replied with a scowl and smacking his hand.
Joey, in the back-seat with Jani, heard the conversation between Norm and Emma and decided not to try anything more than kissing with Jani.
The movies were finally over, and the twins were thankful that Harry had set a curfew because they were ready to go home. The boys walked them to the front door with a polite goodnight kiss. They could see Franny sitting in the front room, waiting.
“How were the movies?” asked Franny once the girls were inside the house.
“It was The Defiant Ones with Tony Curtis,” said Emma. “It was okay.”
“The other movie was a comedy,” Jani replied, winking at Emma. “See you in the morning Mom. We’re tired.” The girls went to bed.
“Are the girls home okay?” asked Harry, waking up as Franny climbed into bed.
“Yes. They said they had a good time.”
“That’s good,” said Harry. I hope that means the boys behaved themselves, he thought as he rolled over and went back to sleep.

***

The next morning Jani was up early. She had had a restless night, thinking about what could have happened if the boys had been caught in the trunk of the car. That was too much of a risk. She was not going to let that happen again.
“You’re up early,” said Harry to Jani as she came into the kitchen. He was sitting at the kitchen table, having his morning coffee.
“Would you like some toast, Daddy?” asked Jani.
“Sure, that sounds good. Mom said you had a good time at the movies last night.”
“It was okay.” Jani fixed toast for both of them and sat with her dad as she drank a glass of milk and ate her toast. “Is Mom sleeping in this morning?”
“She isn’t feeling well and asked me to let her sleep.”
“Aren’t you two going to the races today?”
“I’m going, but Mom’s not. She wants to stay in bed. Why don’t you girls go with me?”
They had gone to the races with their parents before. Emma thought it was a long day and didn’t enjoy sitting around, waiting for the next race to start. She said the lag time between the races made it boring. On the other hand, Jani loved watching the horses and trying to pick out the winner. She usually picked the blackest horse, still remembering her first love, Beauty.
“Do you want to go to the races with Daddy today?” asked Jani when Emma came into the kitchen. “Mom’s not feeling well, and he asked us to go with him.”
“No, I think I’ll pass,” said Emma, not giving any reason.
“Daddy, do you think we could check out the stables, too?” asked Jani, excited that it would only be the two of them.
“I don’t see why not. If we leave early, we should have plenty of time.”
“Is it okay if I wear jeans?” asked Jani. Franny always made the girls wear dresses and their hair had to be just so.
“Sure, wear whatever you like.” When Harry went to the races, he didn’t fuss over what others wore. But, he always dressed in his best slacks and shirt. He wanted to appear as if he was a “man of means”.
This is going to be a fun day, thought Jani as she sat next to her dad in the car with her hair pulled up in a ponytail. She couldn’t remember the last time she and her dad did something alone, maybe never.
CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
On the way to the racetrack, Harry always stopped to buy a racing form. One of Harry’s rituals at the track was to go to the paddock to view the horses. The trainer would parade each horse in the coming race around the paddock ring with the jockey astride. Harry considered himself a horseman and evaluated the muscular structure of each entry, its size and weight, and the experience of the jockey. Then he referred to the racing-form for their history.
When Harry and Jani arrived at the track, it was too early for the paddock review, giving them plenty of time to check out the stables. Jani was in awe of the beauty of all the horses. Groomers were busy making sure their coats were shiny and their manes and tails looked as if they had just come from a beauty shop. Jani wanted to pet each one, but her dad told her that was not allowed. She was aware that racehorses were a business, but in her heart, they were still considered affectionate creatures.
As they approached the horse stalls, Jani noticed that each one was identified by its name. She saw small groups of owners, trainers, and jockeys having intense conversations on how to run the race. No one paid any attention to Harry or Jani or asked who they were, or what they were doing in the stable area. Jani was in heaven among all the magnificent horses. She was amazed at the horses’ power because they had such spindly legs.
“Have you picked out a favorite horse?” Harry asked Jani.
“That’s hard to do. They are all so beautiful.”
“Come on, you have to pick so I’ll know which one to bet on.”
“I think that one over there looks really fast,” she said as she pointed to the horse with the shiniest black coat. It was being curried in front of a stall bearing the name Rising Star. There didn’t seem to be anyone around except the guy doing the grooming.
“Go ask that fellow if that is Rising Star,” said Harry. “I need to be sure I have the right name of the horse you picked to win.”
“Oh, I can’t,” she said, taking a step back from her dad.
“Why not? There’s no one around, just a stable boy. He will either say, yes or no. Go ahead,” said Harry, giving her a little push. “I’ll wait here for you.”
Jani wanted to go and talk to the boy, but she was out of her element and a little apprehensive. Me afraid to talk to a boy? That’s a new one, she thought.
“Go,” Harry said again, giving her another nudge.
As she walked over to the stall, her heart pounded like a jungle drum. She was sure it could be heard outside of her body. “Hi!” Jani said to the groomer. He turned to look at her with deep blue eyes that had a friendly twinkle. She noticed a scar over his left eye. I wonder if a horse kicked him, she thought.
“Hi!” he said with a smile.
“Is this Rising Star?”
“He sure is. Isn’t he a beauty? He’s in the fifth race, and he’s going to win.”
“Thanks,” she said and ran back to her dad. “You’re right. That’s Rising Star. He’s in the fifth race, and he’s going to win.” Her heart was still pounding but not quite as loud.
“That’s good to know. I’ll be sure to bet on him.” Harry put his arm around her, and they headed back toward the paddock. Jani almost tripped walking sideways as she looked back at the stable boy, giving him a small wave.
The horses in the first race started to parade around the viewing ring. Harry, with racing form in hand, made notes about each one.
“What horse do you like in the first race?” Harry asked Jani.
“That one there, number eight,” she said as she pointed to the blackest horse.
Harry drew a circle around number eight on his form. Whether he agreed with her or not he placed a two-dollar bet to show on Jani’s pick. He believed in hunches, but most of his bets were decided on the track history of the horse and the jockey.
They watched as the bugler stepped out on the track to play the call to post time. The horses were in the gate. The gate sprang open; they were off. Dirt flew from their hoofs as they sped to the finish line. The crowd yelled and Harry waved his arm. “Come On! Come On!” he yelled. Then the race was over, and the crowd became quiet again. Number eight came in sixth.
The third race had just finished, and Jani was getting restless. None of the horses she had picked had won a race. “Daddy, can I go for a walk? I’m bored,” she asked.
“Where do you want to walk?”
“I thought I might go back to the stable and check on Rising Star.”
“Are you sure you know the way?”
Giving him a disgusted look and pointed toward the stable area, she responded, “It’s just over there.”
“Okay, but be sure to be back here in time for the fifth race.”
“I wouldn’t miss that,” she said, taking off in the direction of the stable. When she arrived at Rising Star’s stall, no one was around. Do I dare poke my head in the stall window? she wondered. She looked around again. Everyone is busy with their horse. No one will notice. Slowly, she approached the stall. Standing on her tiptoes and getting ready to lean over the bottom half of the opened door, she heard someone yell at her.
“Hey, you! What do you think you’re doing?”
Jani jumped and thought she was in real trouble. She turned to see who had yelled at her. It was the stable boy, walking toward her. “You aren’t supposed to be nosing around the stables,” he said. “Didn’t I see you here earlier with a man? Your dad?”
“I just wanted to check how Rising Star was doing, and yes, I was here this morning with my dad.”
“You know you can’t be around the stables once the races start.”
“Really? But I love horses and thought maybe I could pet one.”
“You’ve got to be kidding. These horses are not pets. I can’t let you do that, but if you go sit over there,” he said, pointing to a bench a short distance away, “you can watch as I saddle him up before he goes to the paddock.”
“Okay. I’ll stay out of the way,” said Jani.
“What’s your name?” he asked.
“Jani. What’s yours?”
“Nate.”
“Do you get to take care of Rising Star all the time?”
“Not really. I work the stables and go wherever I can find work.”
“Do you only work here?”
“No. After the season here, I’ll probably go to the Los Angeles County Fair.”
With a surprised look, Jani said, “That’s where I live.”
“You live at the fair?”
“No, silly. I live in Pomona, where the fair’s at.” They both laughed. “Where do you live?”
“I live here sometimes.” He paused. “The rest of the time I live around.”
Live around? she thought. Where would that be? “Where’s your mom and dad?” Jani asked.
“You ask a lot of questions, and it’s time for me to get back to work. If you are going to stick around here, you’d better get over there where I said, or someone will come along and make you leave.”
Not saying another word, Jani turned and went to sit on the bench where he had pointed.
Nate put the bridle on Rising Star and brought him out of the stall. He walked him around a few times and then put the racing saddle on his back. Jani was fascinated with the process and especially with Nate. He was very friendly and had a great smile when he teased her. I wonder how old he is, she thought. He must be out of school to have a job at the stables.
The jockey, the owner, and trainer showed up. They talked to Nate and double-checked the cinch on the saddle.
Jani figured it was time to get back to her dad so that she could go to the paddock with him to get a final look at Rising Star.
“You’re back just in time,” said Harry. “Let’s go.”
Hand in hand they walked to the paddock. This is a great day, Jani thought. Spending time with my dad, being around horses, and meeting Nate.
Walking Rising Star around the paddock, Nate was all business. As he left the ring he turned and winked at Jani, and she gave him a small wave in return.
“Looks like you made a friend,” Harry said when he saw her wave. She acted like she didn’t hear him. She was mentally making plans on how she was going to meet with him when the fair came to Pomona.
Rising Star didn’t win, but he ran a good race. Harry told Jani he was a good horse and with a little more experience could be a winner. The rest of the day went by fast as they went to the paddock before each race. Jani spent the rest of the time daydreaming about Nate. She could hardly wait to get home and tell Emma about her day.
Forget the Norms and Joeys; Nate is the one for me. I’m going to do whatever it takes to see him again, and I’m not going to let my parents interfere this time.

***

Summer was over, and returning to school after the fire was depressing. The auditorium was gone, and the classrooms in the main building were condemned. All the lockers were gone, and the smell of smoke still loomed in the air. The cafeteria and snack area were nonexistent. Portable buildings had been brought in to be used as classrooms, and all classes were on half-day sessions. The assembly activities took place in the boys’ gym. The school administrators did their best to maintain all the usual activities, such as sports and games, but it just wasn’t the same.
A group of girls had gathered outside the girls’ gym after the last period of the morning session.
“Are you two going out for cheerleading?” one of the girls asked the twins.
“We sure are,” replied Jani. “We have been practicing all summer.”
Cheerleading tryouts were held at the beginning of every school year. Girls dating football players had an edge on being picked, but that didn’t discourage Jani. She talked Emma in to trying out with her. Emma thought cheerleading would be fun, but she was not as dedicated as her sister. Jani thought it would be perfect if they both made the cheer squad, so she continued to pressure Emma to practice with her.
Jani had the cheerleading drills down pat, but when Emma did the cheers it looked like a dance routine. Emma’s jumps were high, and her flips and splits were better than the other girls, but it still looked like a dance, not a cheer.
It was Friday, the end of the first week of school and the first day of the Los Angeles County Fair. Everyone at school received a free admittance ticket for opening day. Emma and Jani couldn’t wait to go. They both loved the Fun Zone and all the rides. The girls remembered when they were little how their parents would take them to the game area of the fair. There were a few kiddy rides, and Harry liked playing the game where he threw a baseball at three stacked-up metal bottles. He had knocked them all down and won a big teddy bear for each of the girls. He had tossed Ping-Pong balls into goldfish bowls. Both Emma and Jani had a goldfish to take home that year. Fair time always held a special excitement for the girls.
As they grew older, they tried the baseball throw and Ping-Pong toss themselves, but they never won anything. This year they might have dates to go to the fair, and maybe their dates could win them a prize.
The fair was much larger now than when they were little girls. Each year a new attraction was added to the Fun Zone. In fact, there were so many rides they had to move the kiddy activities to a separate location on the fairgrounds. Going at night was more fun than during the day. All the rides and games were lit up, and the music blared. Life seemed to be animated in the Fun Zone, and they saw many of their schoolmates and friends because it was the gathering place for teenagers.
Jani had saved her money from babysitting and Emma had saved from dance classes so they could go to the fair on the weekends. Their plans were to go on Friday after school, then go to their grandmother’s, who lived nearby. They would spend the nights and go back on Saturday and Sunday. The city bus route to the fair ran every half hour. On Friday and Saturday nights, they planned to spend their time at the Fun Zone, but on Sundays, they wanted to attend the 4-H judging and visit the farm animals. Their favorites were the pigs and goats, and their babies.
After the farm animals, they would visit the horse stables to check out the racehorses. They wanted to see the massive Clydesdales pull the big red Budweiser wagon with the Dalmatian sitting in the front seat next to the driver. Jani secretly hoped to see Nate there.
A week before school started, Norm called Emma and asked the girls to go to a movie. Emma told him they were not interested in a repeat performance. He assured them they had enough money to pay for all four of them. The answer was still no. With school starting, they were sure they would meet new boyfriends. Besides, Jani was still hoping to find Nate.
Norm called the following week to ask the twins to go to the fair with him and Joey. Before saying “no,” they took it under consideration. It would be a date, so the boys would have to pay for going on all the rides. What did the twins have to lose? They decided to say yes.
The girls had not gone to Isla’s on Friday night, so Joey and Norm picked them up at home, and would take them to Isla’s afterward. After parking the car, the girls started to walk toward the front entrance.
“Let’s go this way,” said Norm, leading them around to the south side of the main gate.
“Where are we going?” asked Emma.
“We know a special entrance where we have free passes,” said Joey.
At first, the girls didn’t think too much about it because there were several entrances to the fair. The boys held hands with the girls, and all seemed normal until the boys led them to an open field.
“Where on earth is this special gate?” Jani asked.
“It’s right over here,” said Norm.
Jani and Emma stopped. “There’s no gate here,” Jani said.
“It’s right here,” said Norm as he went to the wire fence and pulled up a loose area, just big enough for her to crawl under.
“I’m not crawling under that fence,” said Emma with disgust.
“Neither am I,” said Jani.
“Come on, girls. You won’t get caught. We do it all the time. Are you chicken?” Norm challenged.
“That’s not going to work this time,” said Jani.
“Okay then,” said Joey. “We’ll meet you inside at the Fun Zone entrance.”
“I can’t believe you guys expected us to sneak into the fair,” said Emma. “We’ll meet you at the Fun Zone, maybe.” The girls turned and walked away. As they looked back, they saw the boys crawling under the fence.
“I’m sure glad we brought our own money,” Emma said to Jani.
“Me, too. This will definitely be our last date with these guys. Do you still want to meet them at the Fun Zone?”
“If they are going to pay for our rides, why not? But, if they want us to sneak on the rides we’ll dump them.”
When Emma and Jani arrived at the Fun Zone entrance, the boys were waiting. “What took you so long?” asked Norm. “Didn’t you like our short-cut?” The boys laughed.
“No, we decided to take the long way around,” Jani sarcastically replied, glaring at the boys. “Now that you have saved money by using your secret entrance, we hope you are planning to pay for all the rides.”
The boys looked at each other as if saying, What did we get ourselves into? They took the girls by their hands and entered the Fun Zone. Emma still thought that Norm was a good dancer, but otherwise a jerk. Jani was not crazy about Joey; she just went along to make it a foursome. Even though the girls had a good time on the rides, the boys expecting them to crawl under the fence was the last straw. They agreed that Norm and Joey were losers.
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
The next weekend, Jani and Emma went to the fair Friday and Saturday nights. On Sunday, Emma had been invited to go to the beach with Jeanie, the other dance teacher at the studio.
Franny was sleeping late, and Harry was getting ready to go to the horse races at the fair. “Dad, is it okay if I go to the beach with Jeanie today?”
“I guess so; check with your mother.” Both parents had previously met Jeanie at dance recitals. Before Harry left, he told Franny to be sure to meet whoever was driving Emma to the beach, if it wasn’t Jeanie.
Later in the morning when Franny came to the kitchen, she said to Emma.“I hear you want to go to the beach.”
“Yeah. Is that okay?”
“Who’s driving?”
“I think Frankie is. He’s Jeanie’s stepbrother. He just bought a brand new car. It’s red and white. It’s so cool.”
“Have I met him?”
“Probably not.” Emma wasn’t going into any details because she wasn’t sure her mother would approve if she knew Frankie was a lot older.
“Let me know when they get here. I’d like to see his car.” Franny thought that was the best way to approach meeting Frankie without letting Emma know she was checking on who was driving. Emma had started to display a rebellious attitude whenever Harry or Franny asked about the background of her friends.
Harry would always ask about her friends’ last names and where they lived. He and Emma had a few arguments about him being judgmental before he had even met them.
“They’re here!” yelled Emma. She met Jeanie at the door.
After greeting Jeanie, Franny asked, “What beach are you going to?”
“We’re going to Corona Del Mar,” said Jeanie.
“Sounds like fun. What time do you think you’ll be back?” Franny asked, noticing Emma giving her the What’s with the third degree? look.
“My mom wants us home before five o’clock because we are having company for dinner,” replied Jeanie.
“That’s good,” said Franny. “Your grandmother will be here for dinner tonight,” she said to Emma. Looking out the front window, she asked, “Is that the new car Emma told me about?”
“It sure is. Frankie is real proud of it. It’s brand new,” said Jeanie. Franny walked out to the car with the girls.
“Mrs. Stein, these are my brothers, Frankie and Lewis,” said Jeanie.
“Nice to meet you boys,” said Franny. “You sure have a beautiful car, Frankie.”
“Thanks, Mrs. Stein,” he replied as the girls piled into the back seat.
“Have a good time today,” said Franny as the group drove away. They seem like a responsible group of kids, she thought.
Emma thought Frankie was cute and that he was attracted to her. He kept looking in the rearview mirror. When she caught him, he gave her a flirty wink.
When they arrived at the beach, it was already packed with teens and families. Corona Del Mar was the beach most of Emma’s friends went to. Sometimes in the morning it was overcast, but today the sun was already out, and the waves were high. Jeanie’s mother had packed a lunch for the group, and they stopped by a store on the way to buy some sodas.
Everyone had their bathing suits on under their clothes. It took just seconds for the boys to drop their shirts and pants to go swimming. Emma and Jeanie gingerly slipped out of their clothes and then spread out a blanket. They sat down and watched the little kids run up and down the beach on the wet sand, squealing when the edge of a wave touched their toes. There were also some children building sand castles along the shore-line.
Emma was not a good swimmer. She thought Frankie was very brave as she watched him dive through the waves. He was about six foot two, with sandy-brown hair. He looked so strong.
“Come on, Emma. Come in the water with me,” coaxed Frankie. He grabbed Emma’s hand, pulled her up from the blanket, and led her into the water. She didn’t want to seem afraid, so she went along with him. They held hands and jumped the waves. A few times she lost her footing and fell in the water. The first time, Emma was embarrassed, but after that, they laughed every time she slipped. Frankie grabbed her and kept her from falling. It was a fun day. It felt like a date, and Emma hoped he would call later and ask her out.

***

The twins spent the last day of the fair in the farm animal area, checking to see if any new piglets had been born.
“Let’s go over to the stables and check out the horses,” Jani said.
“Okay, but I know why you really want to go there. You are hoping to see that boy you met at the racetrack,” said Emma, teasing Jani.
Jani gave Emma a sisterly shove. The girls laughed and headed in the direction of the stables. It was early enough that the horses were still being staged for the races and in the grooming process when Jani spotted Nate.
“There he is!” said Jani, poking Emma.
“Where?”
“Over there. I don’t want to point, but he’s walking that horse in front of us and a little to the left,” said Jani as she turned her back to Nate. “Let’s just slowly walk toward him and see if he notices me.”
They walked in the direction of Nate, then stopped and acted as though they were admiring a horse next to the one Nate was grooming.
Jani turned toward Nate with a surprised look on her face. She said, “Oh, hi! Remember me? We met at the Santa Anita racetrack when you were taking care of Rising Star.”
He thought for a minute. “Yeah. I remember one of you,” he said. “I just don’t know which one it was. You look a lot alike.”
“It was me,” said Jani.
“I was hoping I would see you here at the fair, but I had almost given up,” said Nate.
“Nate, this is my sister, Emma.” Nate nodded hello while he held on to the reins of his horse. “With this being the last day of the fair, where will you go next?” Jani asked.
“I’ll be here for a few more months. Some of the horses are being boarded here until another track opens up. The fair has hired me to tend to the stables until all the horses have left.”
“Don’t let us stop you from what you are doing. We are just walking through the stables, checking out the horses,” said Jani.
“Don’t you mean, checking out you?” Emma said, under her breath.
“Where did you say you went to school?” Nate asked.
“Pomona High,” Jani responded.
“Maybe I’ll see you around,” said Nate.
“Maybe so. Nice to see you again,” said Jani.
“Nice to meet you, Nate,” said Emma as the girls walked away.
“What do you think?” Jani asked Emma once they were far enough away from being overheard.
“Think about what? That was a good-looking horse,” Emma said, teasingly.
“You know what I mean. Don’t you think he is cute?”
“He’s shorter than most of the guys you like, but cute, yes. You seem to like blonds.”
“He’s taller than me. That’s all that counts. I won’t have to stand on my tip-toes when we kiss.”
“Oh, Jani, you are such a bad girl,” teased Emma as the girls laughed together.
Jani thought a lot about Nate during the next couple of days. The fair is over. When will I see him again? she wondered. That answer came sooner than she expected. Tuesday after school, Nate was parked outside the school campus. He thought he could catch Jani on her lunch break, not realizing she only went to school for a half-day. The girls walked out the side gate, and Emma saw Nate first.
“Don’t look now, but isn’t that the guy from the fair standing by that blue truck?” said Emma to Jani.
As Jani turned, Nate waved and crossed the street to meet her. “Hey! I hoped I could catch you before you went to lunch,” he said.
“Hi, Nate! We don’t have lunchtime anymore. Our school caught on fire last year, and we only go to school half day,” replied Jani.
“That’s good, so now you can go to lunch with me.”
“Not really. I have cheerleading practice today. Tryouts are on Thursday.”
“Can you go to lunch on Friday?” Nate asked.
“Sure. That will be fine.”
“Okay. I’ll pick you up here on Friday, same time.”
“See you then,” said Jani as she waved good-bye. “Oh my goodness! I never thought I would see him again,” she said, turning to Emma and letting out a squeal of excitement. How will I ever be able to concentrate on cheerleading? she wondered, thinking about seeing Nate on Friday. I wonder how old he is. I’m sure he’s out of school.

***

It was Thursday, and tryouts were being held in the girls’ gym. Only senior girls were eligible, and it looked like most of them had signed up. Their names were called in groups of four. Everyone had to do the same routine. After the first elimination, the girls remaining had to present an original cheer in groups of four or less. Jani and Emma had made the first cut. Their original cheer had several front flips, ending in a split. Their routine was good, and their timing was right-on. The twins watched as everyone else finished. They wanted to see all the girls’ cheers, even though they wouldn’t know the results until the following day. The judges would meet and select only eight girls. The winners’ names would be posted on the gym door the next morning. It was a sleepless night for Jani and Emma.
The twins caught the bus to school an hour earlier than usual, anxious to check if their names were on the list. When they arrived at school, a crowd had already formed around the posted names of the girls who made the cheer squad. They could hear cheers from some of the girls as they read their names. A few girls Jani thought would have made the squad were standing in the corner of the gym, crying.
Jani and Emma pushed their way to the front of the crowd. Jani saw her name on the list.
“I made it! I made it!” she shouted, jumping up and down. She turned to hug Emma and realized Emma’s name was not there. “Oh, Emma,” she said, embarrassed about her own excitement.
Emma was crushed. Hiding her disappointment, she smiled and said, “I know, but that’s okay. I was only trying out because you wanted me to. I’m glad you made the squad.”
They hugged as others in the crowd congratulated Jani and expressed their regrets to Emma. Some of the other girls who hadn’t made the squad didn’t take the news gracefully. Girls cried and some left school and went home. All morning the school was abuzz about who made the cheer squad and who didn’t. All the girls who made it were dating someone on the football team, except for Jani.
When Jani and Emma exited at the side gate after school, Jani looked around to see if Nate was there to take her to lunch. Nate honked his truck horn and waved to the girls.
“See you later,” Jani said to Emma, running to Nate’s truck.
“Have a good lunch,” Emma yelled to Jani, and then she headed to town to catch the bus home. This isn’t any fun being left behind, she thought. I need to find something to do after school. I think I’ll look for a part-time job instead of going home.
CHAPTER THIRTY
Across from Emma’s dance studio on Second Street was one of the town’s major department stores, the Orange Belt Emporium. Emma took the elevator to the mezzanine, where the store owner’s office was located. She could have taken the stairs, but the elevator was more fun. Two ladies also waited for the elevator with her. They are probably going to the ladies ready-to-wear department, on the second floor, she thought.
Men’s wear, jewelry, shoes, and handbags were on the street level. There was also a basement, where they sold fabric and small household goods. Emma had visited the fabric department many times with her grandmother.
“Going up,” said the elevator operator, when the doors opened. “Watch your step.” Emma and the two ladies entered the elevator, and the doors closed.
“Mezzanine, please,” said Emma.
“Second floor,” said one of the ladies.
Stopping with a jerk, the elevator doors opened. “Mezzanine. Watch your step,” announced the operator.
“Thank you,” said Emma, exiting the elevator. I wonder why the operator can’t make it stop so it’s even with the floor level. If I was the operator. I bet I could make it stop right-on, she thought. Maybe I can get a job operating the elevator.
When Emma was little, many times Franny found her playing in her closet, sliding the closet door open and shut, saying, “Going up! Watch your step! Going down!” She had always been fascinated with elevators.
On the mezzanine was a small reception area with two chairs and a desk in front of two closed-door offices. “Excuse me,” said Emma to the lady at the desk. “I would like to apply for a part-time job.”
“You’ll have to go to the credit department on the second floor and ask for the office manager, Pat.”
“Thank you,” said Emma. The stairs to the second floor were few, but again she wanted to ride the elevator, this time to see if the operator could stop level with the floor. Leaving the elevator, she smiled at the operator who did a better job stopping. She found the credit department to the left behind a semi-circular counter.
Standing in front of the counter, Emma saw four ladies operating a strange tube machine against the back wall. There were vacuum pipes extended from the ceiling, and cylinder tubes arrived on a conveyor belt. The ladies opened the cylinder and took out papers and money. Then they stamped the papers, made change, and returned the items to the cylinder. They held it under a vacuum pipe, which sucked up the cylinder, and away it would go. Emma could not take her eyes off the process and didn’t hear the lady from behind the counter say, “Can I help you?”
“Can I help you?” the lady said louder.
“Oh! Yes! I’m looking for a part-time job, and I was told to ask for Pat.”
“Pat’s at lunch. I can give you an application to fill out. She should be back in about thirty minutes.”
“Okay. That will be fine.” The lady helping Emma was short and a little over-weight. She had curly gray hair and a friendly smile. Emma watched her limp when she walked away to get the application. She noticed a very large shoe on her left foot with a four-inch sole. When the lady returned with the application, Emma felt bad that she had put the lady to so much trouble, especially since she had a problem walking and getting around.
“Here you go,” the lady said, handing the application and a pen to Emma. “You can fill it out over there,” she said, pointing to two alcoves. A woman was in one of the areas filling out some paperwork, so Emma went to the other one.
After completing the application, she returned to the bench waiting area across from the reception counter. As she waited for Pat, she watched the little gray-haired lady sitting behind a huge machine that made a loud typing noise. She inserted a piece of paper in a tray and pushed some buttons. The machine started typing and then spit the paper out into another tray.
What a fascinating place to work! I would be lucky to get a job here, she thought. The gray-haired lady turned and smiled at her. Emma was a little nervous in the beginning, but the lady’s friendly smile put her at ease. Soon a man and a woman came by. Someone buzzed the office entrance gate, and they walked in. I wonder if that is Pat? Emma thought. The lady went to one of the desks and put her purse away in a drawer. The gray-haired woman called her over to her machine and told her something as she pointed to Emma.
“Hello, I’m Pat. I hear you are looking for a job.” She was a small-framed lady, with dyed red hair and matching penciled eyebrows. She was pretty and well dressed in a nicely fitted suit.
“Yes,” said Emma, handing her the application.
After studying the document for a minute, Pat said, “I see you are still in school.”
“Yes, but I only go half days because our school burned down last year. I’m looking for something part-time.” Emma told Pat about her dance teaching position across the street.
“I’d like you to take a typing test,” said Pat.
“Okay,” Emma replied.
Pat went to get a portable typewriter and set it up in the same place where Emma had filled out the application. “I’m going to ask you to time yourself,” said Pat, handing her several pieces of blank paper and copies of typed letters and a timer. She instructed her to set the timer for fifteen minutes and to let her know when she was through.
Timed typing! thought Emma. She felt anxious. Someone was going to judge her skills. Just like tests at school. No matter how hard Emma studied, when it came to test time, she would draw a blank. Emma was a proficient typist and really wanted the job. Taking a deep breath, she set the timer and started typing. When she heard the bell ring, she stopped and took her typed work to Pat.
“I’ll be right back,” said Pat as she took the papers to her desk. She made some marks on Emma’s typing test and then went to the man sitting at a desk in the back of the office. Emma could see the back of Pat’s head as she talked to the man who had walked in with her earlier. She tried to see his face from where she was standing, but other employees in the office were in her way.
Pat returned and asked Emma to have a seat at her desk behind the buzzed gate. “You did very well on your typing test,” said Pat, and then she asked her a few more questions. “It just so happens we have been considering hiring a part-time person to relieve on the switch-board and elevator.”
Elevator! Oh my goodness! Emma couldn’t believe it. From the shocked look on Emma’s face, Pat asked, “Is that okay?”
“Oh yes. I’m just excited.”
“Our store is open Monday through Saturday. On Friday we are open until nine p.m. We would like you to work Monday and Wednesday, one p.m. to five p.m. and Friday from one p.m. to nine p.m.”
“Oh my goodness! That would be perfect. This is wonderful,” said Emma, full of enthusiasm.
“Can you start Monday?”
“Oh, yes.”
“I’ll see you Monday at one o’clock.”
“Thank you so much, Mrs.…What is your last name?”
“Hillard.”
“Mrs. Hillard, I’ll see you on Monday.” Emma turned and rushed to the elevator. Riding to the main floor, she watched every move the operator made. It took two jerky stops to get even with the main floor.
“Watch your step,” the elevator operator said.
“Thank you,” said Emma. “My name is Emma.”
The operator smiled back and, at the same time, gave her a look as if to say, So what.
Emma couldn’t get home fast enough. She met her parents at the back door when they arrived home from work.
“Mom, Dad, I got a job at the Orange Belt Emporium!” she announced.
“What? The Orange Belt? What kind of job?” asked Franny, surprised.
“It’s only part-time. I’ll still be teaching at the studio. I’m going to relieve on the switchboard and the el-e-va-tor!” she said, drawing out the word. “Can you believe it?”
“How did this happen?” asked Harry.
“With going to school only half day, I needed something to do with my extra time. So, I went to the Orange Belt and applied for a part-time job. I am so lucky. They had been thinking about hiring a part-time person. I had to take a typing test. I was so nervous. Pat, the office manager, wants me to work Monday and Wednesday afternoons and Friday until nine p.m. I’m going to run the el-e-va-tor! Isn’t that just perfect?”
“Honey, I’m so happy and proud of you. I hope you aren’t taking on too much. I don’t want your grades to suffer,” said Franny. She and Harry were surprised at the initiative Emma had taken to get a job.
Emma was in the kitchen, helping her mother get dinner ready and was eager to tell Jani about her job.
“Have you heard from Jani?” Emma asked her mother.
“No, she’s late. She called me at work to let me know she made cheerleading. I thought she would be home by now. Do you have any idea where she is?”
“Nate picked her up after school, and they went to lunch.”
“Nate? Who’s Nate?” asked Franny.
“You know, the boy she met at the racetrack the time she went with Dad.”
Franny turned to Harry. “Do you have any idea who this Nate boy is?”
“Not really. I do remember she met someone who worked at the stables.”
“A boy who worked at the stables?” Oh no, this is not good, Franny thought.
“She’s home!” hollered Emma as Franny joined her at the window, watching Jani get out of Nate’s truck.
Jani turned to wave at Nate as he drove away. Coming in the back door, she found her entire family waiting for her.
“You’re late!” Franny scolded her. “You need to call us if you’re not coming home right after school. We worry.”
“I’m sorry, Mom. Time just got away from me,” said Jani.
“Well, let’s sit down and have dinner,” directed Harry.
“Who’s your friend who drove you home?” asked Franny. She decided she would go slow and not fire the questions she wanted to ask all at once. If she showed disapproval of Jani seeing this boy, she would probably have another angry confrontation with her.
“That was Nate. He works at the fair. You remember him, Dad? He’s the boy we met when we went to the races together,” said Jani.
“I remember you talking to someone at the stables. I don’t think I actually met him,” Harry responded.
“Emma and I ran into him at the fair on the last day,” Jani said, giving Emma a look as if to say, Help me out here.
“Yeah,” said Emma. “We saw him when we were checking out the horses.”
“Well, you weren’t at the fair today,” said Harry. “How did you two meet up again?” As much as he loved horseracing, he didn’t want Jani to be involved with a boy who was working the stables. He hoped she would meet someone with a more suitable career than moving from one racetrack to another.
“When I saw Nate at the fair, he asked me where I went to school. On Wednesday, he came by school to take me to lunch. I couldn’t go then because of cheerleading, and I told him to come back on Friday,” explained Jani.
“Where did you go to lunch?” asked Franny.
“We went to Mel’s, picked up hamburgers, and took them to Ganesha Park. Like a picnic lunch.”
“Were you there until five o’clock?” Franny asked in a disapproving tone.
“No,” Jani said, annoyed. “After lunch, he offered to take me home, or he said I could go with him to the fairgrounds where he still had some work to do. I decided to go with him and watched him take care of the horses. In fact, I even got to help exercise one of them!” Jani could tell that this was not meeting with either Dad’s or Mom’s approval. “Don’t worry; we are just friends. I feel sorry for him. He lives all alone. You know, not everyone is as fortunate as Emma and me. He doesn’t have a home and parents who love him like we do.”
Jani frequently was drawn to the underdog. Several times she wanted a girlfriend, who was having problems at home to move in with them. Jani was always sympathetic to anyone having a bad time. She thought she could make things better for them. Her comment that she felt sorry for Nate and that he wasn’t as fortunate as she or Emma was a red flag for Franny.
“Where are his parents?” asked Franny, thinking this was not good news.
“I’m not sure. I just know they aren’t around by a few comments he has made.”
“I don’t want you hanging out at the fairground stables,” said Harry.
“Are you forbidding me?” Jani fired back.
“I hope you are smart enough to make good decisions on how and where you spend your time,” he replied.
“I’ll soon be eighteen, and then you won’t have to concern yourself with my decisions,” she snapped back.
“That’s not true. As long as you live in our house, you are still our responsibility. Once you are financially capable of assuming all your expenses and living on your own, we won’t have a say, but you will still have to deal with the consequences. You know you will always be our concern, Jani, because we love you,” responded Harry. A hush came over the dinner table.
“Why don’t you bring Nate over to meet us?” asked Franny. Jani just gave her one of her glares and didn’t respond.
After a few minutes, Emma broke the silence. “Jani, I haven’t told you about my new job.”
“What job?” Jani asked.
Emma filled her in about going to the Orange Belt Emporium. Harry and Franny dropped the conversation about Nate and listened to Emma tell Jani how she was going to run the elevator. The telephone rang, and Harry went to answer it.
“It’s for you, Emma. Someone named Frankie,” Harry said, returning to the kitchen. Emma sprang up as if the chair had bit her on her bottom. Emma and Frankie were on the phone for half an hour as Emma told him about her new job.
That night, Harry and Franny talked about how to handle Jani’s interest in Nate. They realized her attraction of being around horses but felt that was not her only interest. “Maybe we are jumping to conclusions. Now that Jani has made cheerleading, she might not have time for that Nate guy,” said Franny.
“I hope you’re right,” said Harry.
The next morning when the girls were at breakfast, Franny said, “Jani, we got a little side-tracked at dinner last night. You forgot to tell me about making cheerleading.”
“Yeah, I’m pretty excited about making the squad. We have a rally in the boys’ gym before the football game Friday night. I’ll have to buy my uniform this weekend,” responded Jani.
“Emma, I’m sorry you didn’t make the squad. Are you okay?” Franny asked.
“It’s just as well. With my new job, I wouldn’t have time. I guess it was meant to be,” Emma replied. “Looks like I won’t be able to go to the game on Friday. I’ll have to work.”
“There’s a dance after the game,” said Jani. “Maybe you can come to the dance when you get off work.”
“Mom could you or Dad pick me up at work, and take me to the dance?” asked Emma.
“I’m sure we can. I don’t want you to lose out on any school activities because you’re working. This is your senior year, and it will never come again,” Franny said, with a little sadness in her voice, realizing her twins were growing up and might soon be moving out.
That night when Franny and Harry got ready for bed, Franny said, “Do you realize that this might be the last year we are all together?”
“What do you mean?” asked Harry.
“The girls will soon be eighteen, and after graduation, they might want to move out together.”
“I don’t think they could afford to do that.”
“I’m not sure. They are getting so independent. Let’s make this a good year,” Franny said giving Harry a long hug.
“I’ll do my best, but I have a hard time with their choice of boyfriends. Is it normal that I don’t like any of them?”
“I don’t know. But I do know that the more we express our dislike, the more the girls like them. Let’s keep our fingers crossed that they make good choices.”
“I guess the key is to stay involved in what they do and where they go, and who they go with.”
“Not an easy task,” said Franny, giving Harry a kiss good-night as she snuggled up next to him. They both had a difficult time getting to sleep, thinking about what might be ahead in the girls’ future, good and bad. They hoped they had taught the girls enough to be level-headed and to think things through.
Nate came by school twice during the following week to take Jani to lunch but she had to return to school after lunch for cheer practice for the rally on Friday. He asked if he could come to see her on Sunday. She said that would be great, and he could meet her parents.

***

Emma enthusiastically started her new job on Monday. After work, she was waiting for the bus when Frankie came by to offer her a ride home. Emma invited him in to meet her parents.
Harry and Franny were cordial as Emma introduced them. “I met Frankie on the beach trip with Jeanie,” said Emma.
“I remember,” said Franny. “You are the one with the new car.”
Frankie smiled and nodded in agreement. He didn’t stay long because it was dinner time.
On Wednesday, he called and asked Emma to go out with him on Friday night. She told him she was going to the school dance, but she could go out with him on Saturday. The girls no longer had to ask permission to go on dates as long as they told their parents in advance where they were going. This was going to be her first one-on-one date.
Nate unexpectedly showed up at the football game Friday night. Jani saw him in the stands as he watched her cheer. After the game, he went down on the field to meet with her.
“Hi! I’m surprised to see you,” Jani said.
“I thought I would come by and take you home.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, Nate. I’m going to the school dance after the game. I’d invite you to go along, but they don’t allow anyone in that doesn’t go to our school. ”I’m not sure he would fit in, being from out-of-town and already out of school, she thought.
Nate looked disappointed. “Can I give you a ride to the dance?” he asked.
“Sorry again, but I have to go on the team bus.”
“Well then, I guess I’ll see you on Sunday?”
“Sure, we can have some time together then. I have to go now; they’re waiting for me.” Jani picked up her pom-poms and ran to the bus.
At the dance, some of the girls asked Jani who she was talking to after the game. She told them he was a friend of hers who was already out of school or she would have invited him to the dance.
Franny and Harry picked up Emma at the Orange Belt after work. They told her they would be back to take her and Jani home.
Jani ran to meet Emma when she saw her come in the gym. “Guess who showed up at the game?” Jani asked. Emma looked puzzled. “Nate. He wanted to give me a ride back to school, but I had to take the team bus. I felt so bad telling him no.”
“I know how you feel. Frankie asked me out tonight. I had to tell him no, too. But I’m going out with him tomorrow night, so I guess he was okay with that.”
“I’m going to see Nate on Sunday. He’s coming to the house to meet Mom and Dad.”
“That’s good. That might make them feel more comfortable about you having him as a boyfriend.”
“I hope so. I can tell they already don’t like him and they haven’t even met him.”
“Let’s go dance and have a good time. Hey, I worked the elevator tonight. It’s not as easy as I thought. I was embarrassed when I jerked the elevator several times and made the passengers have to step up or down. Now I know why I have to say, ‘“Watch your step.”‘ Jani laughed. “That’s not all. I really goofed up when a lady asked for foundations, so I took her to the basement, the foundation of the building. Later I found out that was another name for ladies girdles and undies.”
“You’re kidding!” said Jani. Both the girls laughed as they walked over to join a group of their friends who were waiting for the music to start.
CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
Neither of the twins had driving privileges, but Ray, who dated Betty, had his own car. Betty asked Jani and a few other friends if they wanted to ride around with them Saturday night. First, they would cruise Second Street in Pomona, which took them through the center of town. They could always catch a familiar face to wave at and act cool around. Parents had a hard time understanding the social process of cruising as they watched the kids drive up and down the street in the cold of winter with the car windows down and heater and radio on full blast.
At the end of the cruising session, which consisted of a minimum of five times back and forth, the group would go to Henry’s, a popular drive-up restaurant in north Pomona with car-hop servers. Finding a parking spot at Henry’s was a real task. You had to drive around the outside of the restaurant several times, waiting for someone to leave. It was another social process of seeing familiar faces. Jani’s group finally found an open spot.
Emma and Frankie had been at the movies and, afterward, decided to go to Henry’s. They pulled into the spot next to the car with Jani and her friends.
“Who’s Emma with?” Betty asked Jani.
“That’s Frankie. He’s her new boyfriend,” replied Jani.
“He’s cute,” said Betty.
“Let’s all wave at her and embarrass her,” said Jani. They did, and that made Emma laugh as she waved back.

***

On Sunday, Nate arrived at Jani’s around one in the afternoon. Jani asked him in and introduced him to Franny and Harry. He was polite, quite a real contrast from Norm. When Jani’s parents weren’t looking, Nate gave Jani a let’s go look.
“We’ll be back later,” said Jani. “We’re going for a ride.”
“Have a good time,” said Franny. “Don’t be too late.”
Getting in the truck, Jani asked, “Where are we going?”
“I thought maybe we would stop by Mel’s and pick up some malts and take them to the park,” replied Nate.
“Okay,” Jani said with a smile. This might give me a chance to ask about his family. I need to get to know more about him, she thought.
They found a shady place at the park to have their lunch. Every time Jani asked a question about Nate’s family, he changed the subject.

***

The homecoming dance was three weeks away. Although non-students were not permitted to attend regular school dances, homecoming was an exception. Frankie and Emma were going steady, so of course, she was going to invite Frankie to the dance. She was proud to be seen with him. He was older, tall, and handsome.
The twins were sitting in Emma’s room listening to Elvis’s new record, “Jailhouse Rock.”
“Have you asked Frankie to homecoming yet?” Jani asked Emma.
“He knows it is coming up and assumes we will be going together. Guess I’d better ask him to make it official. Are you waiting to be asked to the dance, or are you going to take Nate?”
“Everyone knows I’m seeing someone outside of school, so I don’t think anyone will ask me. I’d like to take Nate, but I don’t know if he has anything to wear. I’ve only seen him in Levis.”
“Well, you’d better ask him soon, in case he needs to buy a jacket.”
“He doesn’t seem to have any family, and I don’t know if he has money for that. He’s tired of living at the fair, and he took the last cash he had to rent a room somewhere in La Verne.”
“Where are his parents?”
“I’m not sure. He just tells me bits and pieces. He doesn’t like it when I ask a lot of questions. I do know he hasn’t seen his mother in ten years.”
“That’s awful.”
“As mad as I get at Mom and Dad, I can’t imagine not ever seeing them again. Nate used to live with his dad, but they had a falling-out. He probably tried to tell Nate what to do.” Both the girls laughed. “He did tell me that he has a stepsister, and he had a baby sister who died when he was five years old. That was when his folks got a divorce. He said something about his mom not wanting to be a mom after his sister died and told his dad to take Nate. His dad must have remarried, but I don’t have the story on that yet. I get the feeling he didn’t have a very good home life.”
“That’s really sad.”
“I know. I feel so bad for him. But, I give him credit for making it on his own.”
Nate was nice to Jani, and they had their love for horses in common. My friends are going to have to meet him sometime. I’ll ask him to homecoming and see what he says, thought Jani. She had a feeling that her parents didn’t approve of Nate. But who did they approve of? They don’t even know him, and, as usual, they are already being judgmental.
Emma made it official and asked Frankie to homecoming. He looked forward to the dance because he had graduated from Pomona High School and hoped to see some of his school buddies.
The following day, when Jani went to lunch with Nate, she said, “The homecoming dance will be in a few weeks, and I want you to go with me.”
“Oh, I don’t know. I don’t go to dances.”
Looking shocked, Jani said, “What? You have to go with me.”
“No. I don’t have to do anything,” he stubbornly responded.
“Well, do you want me to go with someone else?”
“Nope, I don’t want that either.” The two sat in silence for a few minutes. Jani stared him down. Nate was not looking at her, although he could feel her eyes piercing the side of his head. “Guess I’ll be going to the homecoming dance.”
Jani threw her arms around Nate’s neck, saying, “You’ll have a good time, just wait and see. For a minute there, I thought I wasn’t going to have a date.” Pinching his cheek, she said, “You are such a tease.” I’d better give him a hint on what to wear, she thought to herself. “Grandmother is making Emma and me dresses. The guys will be wearing sports coats.”
“No problem.” He didn’t want Jani to know that he didn’t have any dress clothes. He knew a few guys his size; maybe he could borrow a jacket from one of them.
The night of the homecoming dance, Frankie and Nate came at the same time to pick up Emma and Jani. Franny had invited Isla to join them to see the girls off on their big dance date. They took pictures of the twins and their boyfriends. Nate didn’t know where or how to stand for the pictures. Jani took his arm and put it around her waist. He was glad when the picture taking was over.
Nate had borrowed a charcoal corduroy jacket from a friend who lived in the same house where Nate rented a room. He found a pair of black pants and shoes in his closet that he had hardly worn. The shoes were not as comfortable as his cowboy boots, but they polished up nicely. Frankie had on brown slacks with a camel hair jacket. Harry and Franny were pleased that everyone looked their best.
Jani’s dress was a pale peach taffeta with a full skirt that fell just below her knees. Emma’s dress was also knee length with a white bodice and a light blue full skirt. Harry and Franny were very proud of their girls. Frankie invited Jani and Nate to ride with them to the dance. Nate was glad because he always tried to conserve his gasoline.
After they all left, Franny and Isla talked about how grown-up the girls looked. One nice thing about having Isla make the twins dresses was they were originals. It would be embarrassing to have another girl show up in the same dress.
The boys’ gym was decorated with crepe paper and balloons in their school colors, red and white. A four-piece band provided live music with a male singer doing songs by James Brown, Fats Domino, and Elvis.
When they arrived at the dance, Jani introduced Nate to her group of friends. The boys acknowledged his presence but didn’t strike up a conversation. Nate was out of his comfort zone and didn’t make an effort to talk to any of the boys in the group, either.
“Well, we’re at the dance, so let’s dance,” Jani said to Nate, taking his hand and leading him to the dance floor.
Frankie saw some of his friends and took Emma over to meet them. The girls chatted as the boys talked about old times.
“Okay, that’s enough talk; let’s dance,” said Emma as she dragged Frankie onto the dance floor. Neither Frankie nor Nate were dance maniacs like the girls, but they did their best to keep up.
During intermission, everyone gathered around the table of snacks and sodas. Emma stood with Jani and Nate while Frankie visited with a few friends that had just arrived. As soon as the music started again, Emma snagged Frankie, Jani took Nate by the hand, and the four were the first on the dance floor.
Franny was waiting up when the girls returned home. Frankie gave Emma a quick kiss good-night when they reached the front porch. He had to get up early to leave for his uncle’s out-of-town wedding the next morning, and he wouldn’t be back until Tuesday.
Jani wasn’t ready to call it a night. “Let’s go sit in your truck,” she said to Nate.
When Emma went into the house, Franny asked, “Where’s Jani?”
“She’s sitting outside in the truck with Nate,” Emma told Franny about the dance and what a good time they all had and then went to bed.
An hour passed, and Jani had still not come in the house. Franny went to the front porch and flicked the porch light.
“The porch light is flickering,” said Nate when he came up for air in between kisses. “Does that mean something?”
“Well, there is either a short in the light bulb or my mom is telling me it’s time to come in.”
“I bet it’s your mom.”
“You are probably right. Guess I’d better go.” Nate walked her to the door.
“I had a good time tonight,” said Nate. “Thanks for taking me. I’m going to be busy at the track this weekend because one of the owners is bringing in two new horses. I’ll pick you up for lunch on Monday, okay?” Not waiting for an answer, he gave her a long, passionate kiss.
“Don’t make me wait too long,” Jani said, giving him a quick kiss back and then going inside.
“Sorry I kept you up, Mom,” Jani said to Franny, closing the door behind her.
“It is getting late, and I wanted to hear about the time you had at the dance.”
“Everyone liked my dress. The music was good, and Nate and I danced every song.”
“I don’t like the idea of you sitting out in the truck so long with Nate,” said Franny.
“Okay,” replied Jani, rushing off to her bedroom. She wasn’t going to give her mother a chance to give her a lecture and ruin the evening.

***

Saturday morning the twins were off to work; Jani at the drugstore and Emma at the dance studio. After work the twins were restless. Nate was busy, Frankie was out of town, and they certainly didn’t want to stay home on a Saturday night. Emma decided to call their friend, Betty, to see if anything was going on.
“Hey, glad you called. We don’t see enough of you,” said Betty, hearing Emma’s voice.
“Jani and I were wondering what everyone was doing. We’re both single tonight.”
“Ray and his friend Ernie are going to pick me up to cruise Second Street, and then grab a bite to eat at Henry’s,” said Betty. “If you two want to come along, we can pick you up around six p.m.”
“We’ll be ready,” said Emma.
Emma told Franny they were going out with Ray and Betty and wouldn’t be out late.
“Don’t you girls ever stay home?” asked Franny.
“Guess not. We’re teenagers!” was Jani’s snippy response.
Betty and the two boys came by on time, and the twins ran out to meet them. Ernie was in the front with Ray and Betty, so the twins climbed in the backseat.
They drove back and forth on Second Street three or four times to see who else was cruising, and then they were off to Henry’s. It was packed, as usual. They drove around until they found an open spot. Ray and Ernie nodded hello to a couple in the car next to them.
The girls didn’t know who they were. “They must be from another town,” Jani said to Emma.
“They don’t go to Pomona High,” said Emma as she checked out the guy in the driver’s seat. She poked Jani and silently mouthed, He’s cute, and they both giggled.
“What’s so funny?” asked Ray.
“Oh, nothing,” Jani replied. Ray looked at Betty and rolled his eyes. He thought the girls were acting silly.
A week later, after a football game, Jani and a few of her girlfriends picked Emma up after work on their way to Henry’s. As they finished their food, Emma looked over at a car that pulled in next to them. The driver was that cute guy they saw the weekend before, but this time he was with two boys.
“Hey!” said Emma, as she waved out the window. All the boys in the car turned to see who it was. “We’re friends of Ray’s, and we parked next to you last Saturday night,” she said to the driver.
“What are you doing?” Jani asked Emma. “You don’t know those guys.”
“Oh, yeah,” Cute Guy answered. “What’s your name?” Neither of the girls answered at first.
Finally, Emma said, slightly hanging out the car window, “I’m Emma and this is my sister Jani.”
Then the other girls joined in yelling out their names and waving at the boys in the car.
“Where do you live?” asked Cute Guy.
“Pomona,” replied Emma. “Where are you from?”
“La Verne. Say hi to Ray next time you see him.”
“Okey-dokey.” Emma turned her head to face the other girls. He’s so cute! She mouthed. “I think I’m moving to La Verne,” she said, and they all laughed. “See you around,” said Emma to the boys as the girls pulled out of their parking spot. “Why didn’t I ask him his name?”
“I guess you were too busy flirting,” said Jani.
The next Friday night after work, Emma waited for the bus ride home. Usually, Frankie picked her up, but he said he was going out with the boys. Sitting on the bus bench, watching the cars cruising by, Emma noticed a car stop in the bus zone. It was Ray with Cute Guy.
“Want a ride home, Emma?” asked Ray.
“Sure.”
Cute Guy opened the car door, and Emma slid in the front, sitting between the two boys.
“Do you know Brad?” asked Ray.
“Yes and no,” Emma said, facing him. “At least we haven’t been properly introduced. Hi, again.”
“Hi. Nice to see you again, too.”
All three made small talk on the way home. Brad told Emma that he was out of school, and he knew Ray and some of his friends from playing school sports together.
Soon they arrived at Emma’s house. She thanked Ray for the ride. “Hope to see you again, Brad,” said Emma, and she ran up the front walk to her house.
As the boys drove away, Brad asked, “Is she dating anyone special?”
“She’s been going out with Frankie Carr. Do you know him?”
“Yeah. I’ve seen him around.”
“Why are you asking? Have you forgotten that you are engaged?” said Ray.
“Hardly. That’s not easy to forget.”
Emma waited up for Jani to come home from her date with Nate. Hearing Jani come in, she rushed into her room. “Guess who gave me a ride home from work?” she asked.
“I don’t have the slightest idea.”
“Guess.”
“I can’t guess, Emma.” She paused, putting a finger on her forehead as if thinking hard. “It must be someone I don’t know, or you wouldn’t ask me.” Jani thought for a minute. Who would make Emma so excited? Jani’s mouth dropped open, and her eyes were wide when she said, “That boy we saw the other night at Henry’s who you thought was so cute?”
“Yes! Yes! His name is Brad, and he was in the car with Ray. They pulled over to the bus stop and offered to give me a ride home!” Emma squealed. The two girls jumped up and down, enjoying Emma’s excitement.
“What’s all the commotion in here?” asked Harry, stopping at Jani’s bedroom door. “It sounds like you are showing Emma how to do a touchdown cheer.”
The girls laughed at their dad. “No, Emma just met her dream boy tonight,” said Jani.
“Is that so?” asked Harry.
“Well sort of,” said Emma, blushing.
“What about Frankie?” asked Harry.
“I’m still dating Frankie, but I’m not going to marry him.”
“Does Frankie know that?” asked Harry. “You know, it’s not right to date two boys at the same time. Especially if one of them thinks he is the only one.” He kissed both the girls on the forehead. “Just a bit of fatherly advice. I know you’ll do the right thing, honey,” he said and left.
Jani turned and looked at Emma. “So, what about Frankie?” she asked.
CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
It was Monday, and the twins were doing the dinner dishes. Looking out the kitchen window, Jani said, “Isn’t that your dream boy circling the block?”
Emma ran to the window just in time to see the back of someone on an auto-parts delivery motorcycle. “I’m not sure. I can’t tell from his back.”
“Look, Emma! He’s turning around!”
“Quick, give me the garbage from dinner. I’ll take it out to the curb,” said Emma.
That’s a strange request, thought Jani. Most of the time, we argue about who would take out the trash.
Harry had already taken the trashcans to the curb for the next day’s pickup. Emma went running out the back door and down the steps with a bag of garbage, just in time to see Brad coming back by the house.
“Oh, hi!” said Emma, acting surprised, as Brad stopped at the curb.
“Hi!”
“What are you doing over this way?”
“I had some parts to deliver to the gas station on Towne Avenue, and wondered if I could remember where you lived, and here you are.”
“Is that where you work?” asked Emma, pointing to the name on the side of the auto-parts cycle.
“Yes,” Brad told her. “But it’s temporary. I’ve applied at the local water company and I’m waiting for a position to open up.”
Emma told Brad about being a dance instructor and her job at the Orange Belt Emporium. I wish he would get off the motorcycle so I could see how tall he is, she thought. He looks about six feet tall. I love the way he combs his hair in a ducktail and his sexy eyes. He is so cute. They talked about half an hour, and then he asked for her phone number, which she willingly gave him.
“Guess I’d better get back to work,” said Brad, starting up his motorcycle.
“Yeah, I should go in.”
“I’ll give you a call,” he said with a smile.
“See you later,” said Emma, and she went into the house, where Jani was hanging out at the window, impatiently waiting to hear all the details.
“Who was that you were talking to?” asked Franny, coming into the kitchen.
“That’s Brad. He’s a friend of Ray’s. They gave me a ride home from work last Friday night,” said Emma.
“He’s her new dream boy,” Jani teased, putting her hand on her heart and making a swooning sound as if she were going to faint.
“You girls are so funny!” said Franny as all three laughed.
On Wednesday night, Brad parked his 1956 green-and-white Chevy at the curb outside the Orange Belt, waiting for Emma to get off work.
When she saw his car, she went to the car window. “Hi, Brad.”
“Hi, can I give you a ride home?” Brad asked.
“Thanks, but my boyfriend is picking me up.”
“Oh, I didn’t know you had a boyfriend.”
“Well, he’s just someone I’m dating,” said Emma as she shrugged her shoulders. “Oh, here he is now.” Frankie pulled his car up behind Brad’s.
“Maybe another time,” said Brad.
“Sure, see you later,” replied Emma as Brad drove away.
“Who’s that?” asked Frankie when Emma opened the car door and scooted next to him.
“He’s just a friend.”
Friday night, Emma was waiting for the bus. Frankie was out with the boys, or he would have been picked her up. Brad came cruising by and waved at Emma. He was alone. He circled around again and pulled up to the curb where the buses stop.
“Excuse me, young lady. May I give you a ride home?” asked Brad with a big smile.
“I certainly would appreciate a ride in your lovely automobile,” she playfully responded, getting into the car. “Are you just out cruising?”
“Yeah, but I was hoping I would find a damsel in distress.”
“And so you did. It must be my lucky night.”
“I didn’t stop the first time because I thought your boyfriend might be picking you up.”
“He’s busy, but we’re going out tomorrow night.”
When they reached Emma’s house, they sat in the car for about an hour, just talking.
“Would you like to go for a ride on Sunday?” asked Brad.
“I’d like to, but I’ll have to check with my parents to see what they have planned.” That was not the truth, but for some reason, she could not say no, and she couldn’t say yes because of Frankie. There was chemistry with Brad that she didn’t feel with Frankie. She was not sure how she was going to handle her newfound emotions.
“I’d better go in,” said Emma, and Brad jumped out of the car to open the door on her side for her. Then he walked her to her front door.
“Thanks for the ride home. Call me on Sunday,” said Emma, and she went into the house.

***

Jani and Nate had been dating for two months. During the week, Nate picked up Jani after school to take her to lunch. On Saturday’s, she worked late at the drugstore, so he picked her up at work, and then they went to the movies. Sunday’s, he picked her up at the house, and then they spent the rest of the day at the horse stables.
It was the Sunday before Thanksgiving, and Franny and Harry were unloading groceries from the car when Nate arrived.
“Can I help you carry in the groceries?” asked Nate.
“That would be nice,” replied Franny, and the three unloaded the car.
“Hey Nate,” said Jani, coming into the kitchen. “Are you ready to go?”
“Where are you going?” asked Franny.
“A new owner wants me to work out his horses on the track, and Jani is going to help me time them,” explained Nate.
“Well, be careful,” Franny said. “Thanks, Nate, for helping with the groceries.”
“Anytime, Mrs. Stein.”
“We’ll see you later, Mom.” Jani grabbed Nate’s hand and pulled him out the back door.
Franny stood at the window next to Harry, watching them drive away. “I hope she is more interested in the horses than Nate,” Franny said to Harry.
“Me too, but I don’t think so. On the brighter side, she seems happier these days. Not so defiant.”
“If she knew how we really felt about her dating Nate, that would probably change. I hope we are doing the right thing by keeping quiet.”
“Let’s enjoy it while it lasts and get through the holidays without a blow-up. At least we like Frankie.”
“I’m not sure how long he’ll be around. Evidently, there’s a new boy in the picture. Jani refers to him as Emma’s dream boy.”
“Oh, yes, I’ve heard him mentioned,” said Harry, rolling his eyes and the two broke out in laughter.

***

Nate and Jani finished their training session with the new horses earlier than expected.
“Do you want to see where I live?” asked Nate.
“Sure. Let’s go.” The two jumped into Nate’s truck and headed to La Verne.
Nate parked in front of a large two-story house. “Well, this is it. Do you want to come in and see my room?”
“Why not?”
Entering the front door of the house, they saw two boys sitting in the living room who also lived there. “Hi,” Nate said, acknowledging them. He introduced Jani and then took her hand and led her up the stairs to his room. Holding the bedroom door open, he said, “Welcome to my tiny home.”
Jani looked around the room as she walked in. There was a bed with a navy-blue chenille bedspread, a four-drawer dresser, and a chair by the window with a free-standing lamp behind it. It was pretty bare, without any pictures or posters on the walls.
“I know it’s simple. But I don’t need much,” said Nate.
“Where did you live when you were with your father?”
“Mostly apartments. Sometimes in motels. We moved around a lot. My dad drank, and he changed jobs often.”
“What ever happened between the two of you that you aren’t living with him anymore?”
Nate hesitated and then decided it was time to tell Jani a little more about himself. He really liked her and knew she would not be judgmental. “Have a seat, or let’s just lie on the bed.” Jani jumped onto the bed and waited for Nate to start telling her about his parents.
“I told you about my sister who died and my parents getting a divorce, and then I went to live with my dad.” Jani nodded yes. “When I was nine, Dad remarried. His new wife, my stepmother, didn’t like me. She had a daughter who was younger. She thought Dad favored me over them. She was not my mother, and I wasn’t going to let her tell me what to do. When she wanted to punish me, she would hold my hand over the fire on the stove until I cried. She said if I complained to my dad, she would do the other hand.” He turned up the palm of his left hand to show Jani the burn scars.
Jani was horrified that anyone could be cruel enough to burn a child. “That’s terrible.”
“When Dad saw my hand and asked what happened, I told him what she had been doing to me, which made matters worse between them. After a couple of years, I got stronger, and she couldn’t handle me anymore. Dad was still drinking, and it was easier for him to take her side.
One day when he came home from work, she complained that I would not mind and that I had talked back to her. He lost his temper and smacked me. I wasn’t expecting it and he knocked me down.”
“He hit you? I can’t believe it,” said Jani.
Nodding, Nate continued, “Another time, I talked back to him, and he took a chair and threw it at me. The chair went to pieces when it hit my head, and that’s how I got this scar,” he said pointing to his left eye. “Then he yanked my arm real hard and kept hitting me. He broke my arm, but I didn’t cry. I wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction. The next few days I just stayed in my room. When he finally came to check on me and grabbed my arm to pull me off my bed, I cried out. He realized I was really hurt and took me to the hospital. He told them I had fallen off my bike.
“When I returned home, things didn’t get any better. My stepmother knew Dad would take her side, so she just got meaner. One night, I packed a few things, crawled out my bedroom window and left.”
“You ran away? That was really a brave thing to do. Where did you go?” asked Jani.
“I was eleven and decided to find my mom. She lived in a town nearby so I hitchhiked to her house. Her house was locked when I got there at night, so I slept on a chair on the front porch. In the morning, when her husband came out to get the newspaper, he found me asleep, and he went in to get my mother. I expected her to be so glad to see me that she would take me in her arms and never let me go, but it didn’t happen that way.”
“Oh, Nate, I’m so sorry. I can’t imagine what that was like.”
“When I told her I came to live with her, she was shocked. She finally put her arms around me. Life was not much better at Mom’s. Now I had a stepfather. Again, I caused problems because I wasn’t going to let him tell me what to do. I was just in the way. I couldn’t stay there so I ran away again. You have a father and mother that love you. You can’t know how lonely I felt.”I wasn’t going to let my mother reject me again, he thought to himself.
It was killing Jani to hear Nate’s story and to see such sadness on his face. “I love you, Nate,” Jani said, feeling so sorry that he had been treated that way by his own parents. She put her arms around him and kissed him. “You’re not alone anymore. I’m here for you.”
Nate gave her a long look. Can I trust her, or will she later decide to leave me, too? he wondered. He wanted to tell her everything so she would understand how much her love meant to him.
“Where did you go after you left your mother’s?” asked Jani.
“I just wandered the streets. It was cold at night, and most of the time I looked for a Goodwill Dumpster to sleep in. I would hang around restaurants during the day and watch for them to throw out their leftover food. A cook at one of the restaurants saw me in the alley going through the trash. After a few days, he asked me where I lived. I didn’t answer, and he knew I was a runaway. He told me if I would wash dishes for him, he would let me sleep in the storage room, and no one would find out. He gave me enough money to go to the nearby YMCA to shower. I did that for a year.”
“That’s terrible! That makes me so sad. What did you do about school?”
“Simple; I didn’t go. After the restaurant, I took off again. I wandered on to a farm. I slept in the barn for a week before I got caught. The owner, Henry, was a grumpy old man. I thought he was going to call the police, but instead, he put me to work. He said I could live in the barn, but I had to keep it clean. He also gave me food to eat. His wife was friendly, but Henry wouldn’t let her bring me into the house. She wanted to send me to school, but I was already too far behind. When Henry wasn’t around, she helped me with my reading and numbers.
“There was a county fair in town, and Henry was taking his pigs to sell. He took me along to help out. He knew I liked horses, so when he had his pigs sold, he let me go to the horse stables. I was about fifteen when I met Ben, who had racehorses. He saw me hanging around the stables and asked if I was looking for work. I left Henry and the farm and went to work for Ben. I’ve been working with horses ever since.”
“Do you think you will always work at the stables?”
“No. I want to be a trainer. You get paid good money if you train a winning racehorse. I’m too big to be a jockey, or I would ride. I watch the trainers and ask questions. Someday someone will give me a chance to train their horse, and it will be a winner, and I’ll have it made.”
“Oh my,” said Jani, looking at the clock on the dresser. She had lost track of time. It was eight o’clock and dark outside. “I have to get home. I’m going to be in big trouble.”
Nate jumped up and grabbed the keys to his truck. “Let’s go. I don’t want to cause problems with your parents.” They ran to the truck.
When they arrived at Jani’s house, the porch light was on. Yes, she was in trouble.
“Don’t walk me to the door,” said Jani as she reached over and kissed him good-bye. She jumped out of the truck and ran into the house.
Harry was waiting for her when she opened the door.
CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
Where have you been, young lady?” asked Harry sternly, his arms folded across his chest.
“Oh, Daddy, I’m so sorry I’m late. Nate and I were talking, and I lost track of time.”
Harry reminded himself that he was trying to make it through the holidays without friction. Franny had asked him several times to have a talk with Jani because she became defensive whenever Franny brought up the subject of Nate.
“Come here,” said Harry, motioning to the kitchen table. “We need to talk.”
Letting out a sigh of annoyance, Jani took a seat at the table across from Harry. “I’m really concerned about the time you are spending with Nate at the stables. I think your interest is more than the horses. I think you have real feelings for him.” Jani rolled her eyes but continued to listen. “Am I right?”
“I guess so. He is really good to me, and we have a lot of fun together. He has had a hard life.”
“I want you to think about where you will be five years from now if you continue this relationship. Falling in love is a wonderful feeling, but having your heart broken can be very painful. I think if your mother and I were to let this relationship continue, we would not be protecting you. I also know if I tell you that you can’t see him or go to the stables anymore…” When Harry said that, Jani stood up and started to leave. Harry grabbed her by the arm, forcing her to sit back down. “I’m not through with you, young lady, so just sit down until I say you can leave.” Jani crossed her arms in front of her with a defiant look on her face.
“As I was saying, if we told you that you couldn’t see Nate anymore, I’m not sure we could trust you to respect our decision.” Harry paused for a minute, studying the expression on Jani’s face. “When two people get together and their family backgrounds are different, life can be difficult. You are young, and I know how hard temptations are to deal with. Believe it or not, I was young once,” he said, giving her a smile. “I don’t want you to get in a situation that will force you into something you don’t want or need to do. You are a smart girl; so use your head. Also, next time you are going to be late, find a phone and give us a call. There is no need to make us worry.” Harry waited a minute. “Have I made myself clear?”
“Yes, Dad. Can I go now?”
“Will you think about what I have said? If you can’t be more respectful to your mother and me, there will be consequences.”
“I understand,” said Jani, and she got up from her chair. Harry didn’t stop her. Whoa, that was close. I escaped restriction, she thought.
Harry went to the den where Franny had been listening to the two of them talk.
“I think that went quite well,” said Franny. “I hope some of it sinks in.”
Emma went into Jani’s room and closed the door behind her.
“Did you get in trouble?” asked Emma.
“No. I just got a lecture. I think I was lucky.”
“Where were you?”
“Nate took me to where he lives. He rents a room in a house in La Verne. He was telling me about his life when he was young. You won’t believe it. It is so sad. I really feel bad for him,” said Jani, who then proceeded to tell Emma everything Nate had told her.
“That’s awful,” said Emma, realizing how bad Jani felt for Nate.
Changing the subject, Jani asked, “Has Brad called you?”
“Yes, but Frankie was here, and I couldn’t talk. He asked me to go for a ride with him. It was really awkward. I told him I had company. He asked if it was Frankie, so I told him it was. He said he would call again later. When I hung up, Frankie asked who was on the phone; I told him it was Betty.”
“What are you going to do? Are you going out with Brad if he asks you?”
“I don’t know. It won’t be fair to Frankie, but there is something exciting about Brad that makes me want to go with him.”
Franny knocked on Jani’s door. “Emma, someone is on the phone for you.”
“Maybe that’s him,” squealed Emma as she ran to the phone. “Hello.”
“Hi. I told you I would call back. Is your boyfriend gone?”
“Yes,” she said and paused, not wanting to talk any more about Frankie. “What did you do today?” she asked.
“Oh, I just hung out with the guys. We have an old car we are working on. We race it at the Irwindale Raceway.”
“That sounds exciting.”
“When can I see you again?”
“Oh, I don’t know. You know I have a boyfriend.”
“Yes, but you’ll find out that I’m not going to give up easily. I’ll let you go for now but I’ll see you soon.”
“Okay, bye,” she said, but she didn’t hang up until she heard his receiver click. She ran back to Jani’s room to tell her about the call. That night while trying to fall asleep, Emma thought about Brad, not Frankie.

***

The night before Thanksgiving, Franny picked up Isla to spend the night at their house. Isla liked to help with the dinner. Jani asked if Nate could come over to eat with them because he didn’t have any family.
“What do you mean he doesn’t have any family? Doesn’t he have a mother and father?” asked Franny.
“Of course!” said Jani as if that was a stupid question. “He has a mother and father, but they don’t live around here. He lives on his own.”
“Not this time, Jani,” Franny said with a frown. “Let’s just keep it with family.” She felt bad about turning Jani down, especially if Nate didn’t have any family to have dinner with, but she wasn’t ready to start including Nate in the family.
Many times while having Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners at Isla’s house, her mother always made a plate for the men who came to her back door for a free meal. Her address must have been circulated through the hobo camp near the railroad tracks. She usually fixed one or two plates but made the men sit on the back steps. She would lock the screen door behind her and return to the kitchen. Isla never turned anyone away. I guess Mother is a better person than I am, thought Franny.
After Thanksgiving dinner and the dishes were done, the twins retired to Jani’s room. They both were bored whenever they had to stay home all day. Maybe later they could talk Grandma into playing a card game of Crazy Eights. When they were little and spent the weekends with her, that was the game of choice. She always let them win, even when she knew they were peeking at her cards.
The girls were listening to a new record Emma had bought by The Everly Brothers,“Bye, Bye, Love.” “I guess that should be my theme song,” said Emma.
“Mine is,“A Whole Lot of Shaking Going On,” Jani said, as they both broke out in laughter.
“Jani, did I tell you about what Pat at work is planning?”
“No. What?”
“She has a small group that entertains at hospitals and old folks’ homes during the holiday, and she asked me to join them and do one of my dance routines. I bet they could use some help to set up the audio equipment and record player. Do you want me to ask if you could help?”
“That sounds fun. Who else is in the group?”
“I guess Pat and her husband sing together. There is someone who plays the violin, and a guy who does magic tricks. We are going to Casa Colina’s children’s ward next weekend. It would be fun to have you along. I went with you when you tried out for cheer, so you owe me one.”
“Okay. Sure, I’d be glad to help.”
Monday at work, Emma asked Pat if Jani could be part of the holiday group. Pat thought that would be a great idea. When Emma told her mother that Jani was going to help out with the entertainment group, Franny suggested that they call Isla and have her make some hand puppets.
“That would make great entertainment for the children,” said Franny.
“That would be fun. I remember the hand puppets Grandmother made when we were little. I loved playing with them,” said Emma.
The girls called Isla, and in less than a week she had put together three puppets: a kitten, a dog, and a skunk. She used yarn for their fur and buttons for eyes. When Emma showed them to Pat, she was excited about the addition to their group.
They went to three local hospitals and two convalescent homes. Pat and her husband opened the show with two Christmas songs. Then Emma did a jazz routine to “Here Comes Santa Claus.” The magician and Jani, with her hand puppets, mingled among the audience. They closed with a violin solo and a few more songs by Pat and her husband. Everyone in the entertainment group held hands and together sang “Silent Night” as the audience joined in.
They all had a great time, and their audience was appreciative. Bringing happiness to others put the girls in the holiday spirit.

***

“Can Nate come for Christmas dinner?” Jani asked her mother while they put away groceries after shopping.
“Not this year,” replied Franny.
“When?”
“I don’t know. Maybe some Sunday after the holidays.”
“I don’t think we are very nice people, denying Christmas dinner to someone who doesn’t have a family,” said Jani as she left the kitchen.
It was Christmas Eve, which meant the family would go to Pop and Mother Stein’s house for dinner and to exchange presents. Harry’s brothers’ and families would be there. They had children, all younger than the twins, and this was the only time of year that Emma and Jani were together with their cousins. Franny didn’t have much in common with her two sisters-in-law. She was nice to them, but getting together only once a year, they really didn’t know each other. Harry carried a bitter feeling toward his father. Family closeness was nonexistent.
After dinner with the Steins, they would go by Isla’s to take her home with them. She would spend the night, so the family would all be together for presents on Christmas morning. This year they had a surprise for Isla. Harry and Franny had bought her a television. Isla still listened to radio programs and would be thrilled to have a television set. The girls were excited that Grandmother would have one, too.
It had become a tradition for Franny and Harry to have a white flocked Christmas tree. This year, Franny decorated it with blue and silver ornaments. She also decorated the fireplace mantel with holly and silver garland. The front room looked very festive. It was Christmas morning, and the girls were up early. Franny already had the coffee pot on, and she and Isla were each on their second cup. The twins yelled for Harry to get up. They wanted to open their presents and were eager to give Grandmother her gift.
“What did I miss?” asked Harry as he came in the front room. “Has Santa already been here?” The girls laughed at their dad’s remarks.
“I don’t know,” said Franny. “I don’t see anything out of the ordinary to indicate he has been here.”
“Did you leave cookies and milk for Santa?” Harry asked the girls.
“I forgot,” Emma said. “Did you leave any goodies out for Santa, Jani?”
“Oh, no. I forgot, too. Do you think that was why he didn’t leave a special present for us?”
“Wait a minute,” said Harry. “I think I saw something in the den. Maybe Santa didn’t leave it in the front room because you girls didn’t leave him a snack.”
Isla cried when Harry rolled out the television with a huge red bow and a large gift tag with Isla’s name on it. “Oh, you shouldn’t have spent so much money,” Isla said.
“We are glad we could do it. We love you Mom, and you will enjoy watching all the soap operas,” Franny said.
“I’ve lived a soap opera,” responded Isla, and they all laughed.
Everyone started to open their presents. Harry and Franny had bought wrist watches for the girls, hoping that would help them get home on time. Isla gave the girls poodle skirts that she had made. Harry gave Franny a diamond-shaped heart necklace, and Franny gave Harry a suede sports coat he had been eyeing at the store. Everyone was thrilled with their gifts.
When they took Isla home, they watched while Harry hooked up the television set. The big discussion was where in the front room to put it. Isla moved around, sitting at different places, trying to choose the best angle. The twins helped move furniture around until the final spot was chosen.
“Do you girls want to spend the night?” asked Isla. “I’ll need someone to show me how to operate this new-fangled thing.” She waited for an answer. “I’ll make popcorn.”
“Sure,” said Emma.
“We can show you all the good shows that are on,” said Jani.
“I’ll come get you in the morning,” said Franny.
Seeing the look of happiness spread over Isla’s face, the twins were glad they had agreed to stay. To their surprise, they found out that Grandmother liked the wrestling programs the most. Maybe she just liked to see men beat up other men, thinking of one or two she would have liked to have punched herself.
CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
During Christmas vacation, Brad went to Emma’s house. She asked him in and introduced him to Franny and Jani. It was a weekday, so Harry was at work.
“How about going for a ride?” Brad asked Emma.
“I don’t know,” she said, as she was still seeing Frankie and not sure if it was the right thing to do, but she really wanted to go.
“It’s not a date,” said Brad, seeing the look on Emma’s face and her hesitation to accept. “It’s just for a ride.”
“I guess it would be okay. Just a minute; I’ll get my purse,” she said and then went to tell her mother she was going for a ride with Brad. “Where are we going?” Emma asked as they walked to the car.
“Just around. Maybe we’ll stop for a Coke.” Emma smiled in agreement. “I’ll take you to La Verne and show you where I live.”
Brad opened the car door for her. She sat on the passenger’s side, creating a distance between them.
“You could scoot over closer to me if you like. I won’t bite,” said Brad as he patted the seat next to him. “Come on,” he encouraged her. So she did.
Emma noticed he picked up a drinking glass from the floorboard and held it between his legs as they drove off. They were heading north on Garey Avenue in Pomona when they saw two hitchhikers on the road-side. Brad began slowing down.
“What are you doing?” asked Emma, concerned he was going to pick up the hikers.
“I thought it would be nice to give these guys a ride.”
“Oh, no! You can’t pick up hitchhikers. That’s dangerous.” Emma had a panicky feeling in the pit of her stomach.
Stopping the car on the side of the road, he rolled down his window and asked, “Where are you guys heading?”
“We’re looking for a ride to La Verne,” replied one of the fellows.
“Hop in. That’s where we’re going.”
Emma was dumbfounded. She could feel her heart beating hard in her chest. She looked at Brad as if to say, “Don’t do this.” She sat in silence, wondering, What have I gotten myself into? I hardly know Brad. I should have stayed home. The hitchhikers exchanged small talk with Brad. Emma noticed the drinking glass Brad held between his legs was the same the two guys were holding.
“What’s going on here?” she asked.
“What do you mean?” asked Brad.
“How come these guys have the same drinking glass as you?”
“Meet my best friends, Jim and Terry,” said Brad, and all the boys broke out in laughter.
“I don’t think it’s that funny. I was really scared,” said Emma, resting her hand on her chest. Then she laughed, too.
“I dropped them off before I came to pick you up. They wanted to meet the girl I’d been talking about, the beauty from Pomona High. I knew if I showed up at your house with two other guys in the car, you wouldn’t have gone with me.”
“Well you’re right there,” she replied.
Brad pulled in to the Taco Kitchen parking lot.
“Now what?” asked Emma. “Another surprise?”
“No,” said Brad. “Terry’s parents own this restaurant, and it’s time for him and Jim to go to work.”
“Nice to meet you guys,” said Emma as they got out of the car.
“Nice meeting you, too,” they replied and waved goodbye.
“That was not funny!” Emma said, punching Brad on the arm.
“Don’t ever worry when you are with me. I would never let anything happen to you. I’ll protect you with my life. Whether you realize it or not, we are going to see a lot more of each other. So don’t ever worry.” What a line, thought Emma.
Brad pointed out his house to Emma, on Bonita Avenue, about three blocks from the Taco Kitchen. After that, they stopped by a Fosters’ Freeze for an ice cream cone, and then he took her home.
“What are you doing New Year’s Day?” he asked, parking in front of Emma’s house.
“I don’t know. I’m going out with Frankie on New Year’s Eve, but I haven’t made any plans for New Year’s Day.”
“Have you ever been to the Rose Parade?”
“No, I’ve only seen it on TV.”
“Do you want to go with me? You don’t have to call it a date if that would make you feel better. You can still go out with Frankie New Year’s Eve. But, to get a good spot to see the parade, we will have to leave early, about three in the morning.”
“I would really like to go.” She thought for a minute, “Okay, three in the morning; I’ll be ready. Thanks for the fun day and scaring me half to death. I’ll never forget the day we picked up hitchhikers.” He walked her to the door.
“See you New Year’s Day. That’s the date that’s not a date.” He flashed a smile.
Jani was in her bedroom when Emma walked in and fell on her bed in a swoon. “I think I’m in love.”
“You can’t be. You just met him. What about Frankie?”
“I don’t know what I’m going to do about Frankie. If Brad really wants to date me, I’ll have to break up with him.” She told Jani about picking up the hitchhikers and how scared she was.
Hearing all the laughter, Franny stuck her head in the door and asked, “What’s so funny?”
“Oh, nothing. But I have a date, that’s not a date, to go to the Rose Parade with Brad,” said Emma.
“Lucky. I always wanted to go and see it,” said Franny.
“I know it’s kind of strange, but we have to leave at three in morning. Will that be okay?” Emma asked her mother. “He said we have to leave early to get a good spot.”
“I guess it will be okay. I’ve heard that there are people who sleep on the street the night before just to get a good view. At least he hasn’t asked you to spend the night on the sidewalk,” replied Franny and the girls laughed with her.
During the week, Brad called Emma to confirm their date. Emma didn’t like the feeling of sneaking around behind Frankie’s back but not enough to tell Brad no. She thought she would see how the day at the parade turned out. If there were going to be future dates with Brad, she would have to break up with Frankie.
Frankie picked up Emma on New Year’s Eve. They had plans to drop in at a few house parties, and end up at one of Frankie’s friend’s for the midnight countdown. They had been there for about thirty minutes when Emma saw Brad and his friend Jim walk in the front door. Everyone said hi to them as they worked their way through the crowded front room to the kitchen area where there were drinks and food.
Brad eyed Emma when he walked through the crowd. There was no acknowledgment as he brushed her shoulder as he passed by. No one at the party was aware that Emma even knew Brad, and for tonight, she was going to keep it that way. It was midnight; everyone in the house had horns or some sort of noisemakers, and were blowing them as they yelled, “Happy New Year!”
Frankie pulled Emma to him for a passionate kiss. “Happy New Year,” he said to Emma.
“Happy New Year, Frankie.”
Everyone in the room was wishing Happy New Year to each other and kissing when Brad grabbed Emma and planted a big kiss on her. She was startled, and her stomach did a flip-flop. She never had that reaction from Frankie’s kisses. Brad didn’t say anything to her. He turned away from her yelling, “Happy New Year” to the others in the house, looking back over his shoulder at Emma, who was still stunned.
“Happy New Year!” Emma shouted as if everything was normal while she looked for Frankie. She hoped he hadn’t seen Brad kiss her or her reaction. They stayed at the house party until twelve-thirty.
“How about going to Henry’s for a late night snack?” Frankie asked Emma.
“Okay, but I promised Mom I would be home by one thirty.”
“Well, we’d better get going then,” said Frankie as they said goodbye to their friends.
Henry’s was crowded. It was staying open later than usual for the New Year’s celebration. Frankie finally found a spot to park just as Emma saw Brad and his friend Jim pull out of the parking place across from them. This was getting too tense. I don’t like dating two guys. I’m going to have to break it off with one of them, she thought, sitting silently.

***

Nate invited Jani to go to one of his friend’s New Year’s Eve house party. Jani had never had a problem meeting new people but felt a little out of place with Nate’s friends because they were much older. Not that Jani was a Goody-Two-Shoe, but by the time they arrived at the party some of the people were already drunk. She had been to house parties before where high school boys had been drinking beer, but she had not been exposed to adults being drunk and using vulgar language.
The house was in a nice area of Pomona. It was small but cozy. When they walked into the house, a man in his late forties came up to Jani. “Hey there, pretty thing, what do you have planned for tonight?” he said, throwing one of his arms around her shoulders and putting all his weight on her, to keep from falling over.
“Hey there, Max,” said Nate, stepping in between Max and Jani. “That’s my girl,” he said as he reached over to take Max’s arm off Jani’s shoulder. He put his arm around Jani and led her into the kitchen area. “Do you want a beer?” he asked.
“No, thanks.” She felt uncomfortable and hoped they wouldn’t stay long.
“Oh, come on. It’s New Year’s Eve. One beer isn’t going to hurt you,” coaxed Nate.
“I know, but I just don’t like the taste,” said Jani, wrinkling her nose. “A soda will do.”
Nate turned to one of the ladies standing in the kitchen. “Do you have any sodas?” he asked. She reached in the refrigerator, removed the bottle cap, and handed Nate a Pepsi. “Thanks,” he said as he handed it to Jani.
Looking around the house, Jani saw a group gathered in the backyard, listening to the music of Little Richard. The decorative lights hanging from the patio roof gave a festive atmosphere. “Let’s go out there,” she said, pointing to the backyard. Anywhere to get away from Max’s ogling stares.
“Hey, Nate. Is this your girl?” asked one of the men standing in the patio area.
“Hi, Gene. Yeah, this is Jani. You have probably seen her around the stables,” Nate replied.
Two couples stood with Gene, and they smiled at Jani, acknowledging her. Nate, with his arm around Jani’s waist, guided her to join the group.
“I’ll be right back,” said Nate, leaving Jani with the two women while the men and Nate walked over to the side of the garage. The two women kept talking, excluding Jani. She felt uncomfortable again and wished Nate would hurry back so they could leave.
Looking over to the dark area where Nate was standing. In the shadows, Jani saw three men who looked like they were telling secrets. Nate handed something to one of the men, looking over his shoulder to see if anyone was watching. Then he stuck something the man had handed him in his pocket. Soon Nate and the other men came back and joined Jani and the two other women
“I’m not feeling very good,” whispered Jani to Nate. “Can we leave?”
“Sure, just let me finish this beer.” On the way out, Nate took a beer from the kitchen and handed it to Jani. “Take this,” he said, taking another for himself. “One for the road,” he said smiling at one of the guys. “See you later,” said Nate as he waved goodbye to the group. “Happy New Year!”
“Happy New Year!” several said in return.
“Why did you hand me this beer?” Janie asked Nate. “You know I won’t drink it.”
“I know; that’s just an extra one for me,” Nate laughed, reaching over to give her a kiss on the cheek. “We still have a few hours before midnight; let’s go to my house and bring in the New Year together.” On the way to Nate’s, he stopped at a liquor store and bought a six-pack. Once they were in his room, Nate pressured Jani to drink a beer with him.
“No, I think it tastes awful,” she answered, shaking her head.
“That’s only at first. Come on, just a little taste. You can do it,” Nate said as he opened a beer and handed it to her.
She wanted to do what Nate wanted her to, so she forced herself to take a drink. He was right. After a few swallows, the rest didn’t taste so bad.
Nate reached up for Jani and pulled her down on his bed, kissing her on her neck. Her sweater came off without any resistance, and it wasn’t long before they were under the covers. Jani loved being in bed with Nate. It was as if they were already married. Their moments together became timeless as they made love.
They had talked about getting married after she graduated from high school. She planned to get a full-time job in an office and rent a small apartment. She had no intentions of going to college. All she wanted to do was get out of the house, get married, and have a baby. She loved Nate and knew he loved her. Jani glanced at the clock sitting on Nate’s dresser and was surprised at how late it was.
“Hey, I got to get home,” she said, jumping out of bed and putting her clothes back on. “Are you sober enough to drive?” she asked, picking up Nate’s clothes from the floor and throwing them at him.
“Sure. It takes more than a six-pack to get me drunk,” he said, laughing.
It was a few minutes after midnight, and Jani didn’t want to get in trouble. She stopped to call home from the house phone downstairs. Curfew was one-thirty a.m. because it was New Year’s Eve, but only if she called by midnight to let her parents know that she was okay. Jani arrived home at the same time as Emma. They both checked in with their parents to let them know they were safe.
Emma went to her room to change her clothes for the parade, she was anxious about her date with Brad.
Jani followed her to her room. “Where are you going?” she asked.
“Brad is picking me up at three a.m. to take me to the Rose Parade.”
“Oh yeah, I forgot. Did you have a good time with Frankie tonight?”
“I almost died. Brad showed up at the same party where Frankie and I were. We acted like we didn’t know each other. Then at midnight, when everyone was kissing each other, Brad snuck up on me and kissed me,” said Emma, patting her hand over her heart. “I now know what you mean when you said your stomach did flip-flops when Eric used to kiss you.”
“Did Frankie see him kiss you?”
“No. He was at the other end of the room. I can’t wait to see Brad this morning. I think it’s over between Frankie and me,” said Emma, putting on a pair of jeans and pulling a pink sweater over her head. “All I have to do now is tell him. I’m not looking forward to that.” She brushed her hair and checked herself out in her mirror, and then turned to Jani and asked, “What did you and Nate do tonight?”
Sitting on the edge of Emma’s bed, Jani said, “We went to a house party of one of his friends from the fairgrounds. They were older, and there was a lot of drinking. I really felt out of place. We didn’t stay long, and then we went to Nate’s room.” Falling back on Emma’s bed with her hands over her head, she said, “I sure didn’t feel out of place there, if you know what I mean.”
“You’d better be careful,” Emma told Jani.
“Look who’s talking. I know what goes on between you and Frankie.”
“Shut up!”
“Okay, Okay. I’m tired and going to bed,” said Jani, getting up from the bed to leave. Then turning back to Emma, she said, “Have a good time at the Rose Parade. I’ll see you when you get home.”
“I’m sure I’ll have a lot to tell you,” said Emma, rolling her eyes. “I guess I’ll catch up on my reading assignment for history class while I wait for Brad.” Jani gave Emma a hug and went to bed.
Emma decided to do her reading in the front room so she could hear Brad’s car when he arrived. She didn’t want him to ring the doorbell and wake Mom and Dad. Hearing his car, she opened the front door before he rang the bell.
“Hi! Are you ready?” asked Brad.
“Sure, let’s go,” said Emma.” Hand in hand they ran to the car. Emma slid across the front seat, sitting close to Brad.
“That was a close call at the party tonight,” said Brad.
“Yeah, but you were pretty smart acting like you didn’t know me.” She decided not to say anything about his kiss.
As they drove to Pasadena for the parade, they sang along with the radio, each one trying to drown out the other. Emma thought Brad was really fun to be with. When they reached Pasadena, the crowd had already started to form. Brad drove up and down the side streets looking for a parking place.
“What if we can’t find a place to park?” asked Emma.
“We will. Just keep your eyes open.”
“There’s one! There’s one!” Emma shouted, pointing to a car pulling out.
“I see it! If only I can get to it before that other car coming this way does.” Brad pulled up to block the empty spot and backed into it. Emma was impressed how he managed to parallel park, which was something she couldn’t do.
It was a chilly morning, but they decided to go for a walk and check out where they were relative to the parade route. After a few blocks, they found a drug store on a corner.
“Do you want to get a cup of coffee?” Brad asked Emma.
“No, but a cup of hot chocolate would sure taste good.”
Brad bought himself a cup of coffee and Emma a hot chocolate.
“Are you cold?” asked Brad. “We have a couple hours before the parade starts. We can go back to the car.”
“I think that would be a good idea,” said Emma with a little shiver. Brad put his arm around her as they walked back in the car.
Once inside, Brad turned on the car heater to warm them up, and then he reached for a blanket in the backseat. “Sorry, I only have one blanket. I guess we’ll have to share,” he said with a smile. “Come over here, and we’ll keep each other warm.”
He turned on the radio, and they snuggled together under the blanket. After a few minutes, Brad pulled back Emma’s hair and kissed her on the neck.
“That tickles,” giggled Emma.
“A good tickle or a bad tickle?”
“A good tickle,” she said and giggled again. Brad turned her around and kissed her on the lips, and then she snuggled in his arms. Turning off the car heater and radio, they fell asleep. He makes me feel so special, she thought as they cuddled. I have to break up with Frankie tomorrow.
Waking up, Brad straightened out his arm that Emma was resting on; it had gone to sleep. Shaking it, he said, “I guess we’d better go to the parade.”
“Yeah, that would be a good idea,” said Emma, smoothing out her hair. “How long did we sleep?”
“We only slept for an hour. The parade hasn’t started yet.”
Emma took out her brush from her purse and brushed her hair, which was past the middle of her back. She was aware that Brad was watching her. “Okay, I’m ready,” she said.
Getting out of the car, Brad asked, “Are you ready for another hot chocolate?”
“Oh, that really sounds good.”
Together, holding hands, they went back to the drugstore. The parade was getting ready to start, and the store was packed. Emma looked at greeting cards while Brad stood in line. Taking their drinks, they worked their way through the crowd and tried to get in the front row along the parade route, which was almost impossible. Many people in the front had camped out overnight. Brad took Emma’s hand and led her to a partial opening. They could hear the first band coming up the street, and Emma could see the top of the first float.
“Look! Look! Here come the floats,” she yelled, jumping up and down with excitement, trying to see over the heads of the people in front of her. Emma could see the Grand Marshal, UC President Robert Gordon Sproul. She was much more excited about the parade than Brad was. They stood in the opening for a short while and then walked along the parade route to see if they could find a better place to see the floats.
They could hear the crowd applauding and laughing. “What’s going on?” Emma asked the lady standing in front of her.
“The mounted police just went by, and a stray dog was walking along in the parade next to the horses,” the lady told her. “It was quite a sight.”
“This is so much better than watching it on TV,” said Emma, now leading Brad through the crowd. “The flowers are just beautiful, and the colors are so vivid.” After two hours they were ready to head home.
On the way home, Emma said, “Thanks for taking me to the parade. Even if I didn’t get to see it all, I saw enough that I can say I was there.”
“I’m glad you enjoyed it. I kept looking for my aunt, but no luck. She is one of those who camps out the night before.” Brad turned on the radio, and they started their sing-along again.
Arriving at Emma’s house, Brad took Emma’s hand and walked her to the door. “I hope you had a good time; I did.”
“I sure did, and I hope you’ll call me again,” said Emma.
“You can bet on that,” he said, giving Emma’s hand a squeeze, he left.
“Well, how was the parade?” asked Franny, as Emma walked through the kitchen.
“It was really cold at first, but Brad bought me some hot chocolate. I was amazed at all the people. We had a hard time finding a good place to see the parade. The floats we did see were gorgeous. It’s amazing how they arranged all the different kinds of flowers and colors to make such perfect pictures. At least I can say I went to the Rose Parade.” Yawning, Emma said, “I’m really tired. I think I’m going to take a nap.”
“By the way, Frankie called.”
Emma turned around so fast she almost lost her balance. “What did you tell him?”
“I said you went to the Rose Parade with a friend. I didn’t tell him who your friend was. He said he would call you or come over tonight.”
“Oh boy, I really need that nap now. When he comes over tonight, I’m going to break-up with him.”
“You are?” Franny said, surprised.
“I really like Brad, and I don’t think it’s fair if I don’t tell Frankie. I don’t want him to hear it from someone else,” said Emma, still standing in the hall doorway. “Is Jani home yet?”
“No. Nate came by, and she left with him.”
“Okay. I’ll talk with her later.” Emma went to her room and closed the door. She changed into something more comfortable, crawled under her bed covers, fell asleep and dreamt about Brad.
It was after dinner when the front bell rang. “I’ll get it,” yelled Emma, running to the door. “Hi,” she said, opening the door. It was Frankie. Instead of asking him in, she stepped out on the porch and asked Frankie to sit with her on the steps.
“I need to tell you something,” said Emma with hesitation. “I don’t want you to hear this from someone else.” She hesitated again.
“What? What is it, Emma?” asked Frankie, looking puzzled.
“I went to the Rose Parade with Brad Mills.” She waited for a reaction. “It wasn’t actually a date. But I thought you should know.”
“If it wasn’t a date, what do you call it? I call it a date,” said Frankie; he sounded angry. “You must have known you were going to the parade with him when we went out on New Year’s Eve.” There was silence between them. “That was pretty sneaky. I thought we were going steady,” he said, as he stood up to leave. “I never thought you would cheat on me. I didn’t think you were that kind of girl. I trusted you.” He was devastated.
Emma grabbed him by the arm to stop him. “I know it was wrong; that’s why I’m telling you. I want us to still be friends. It’s not that I don’t want to see you anymore or want to stop going out with you,” explained Emma.
“That’s not how it works with me, Emma,” said Frankie in a very heartbreaking tone. “We have been dating for almost a year, and I thought there was a future for us. I’m not going to be second fiddle for you or anyone else. So, if you want to date Brad, date Brad,” said Frankie throwing his arms up in the air. “Don’t expect me to wait around until you make up your mind who you want. As far as I’m concerned, we’re over.”
“I’m sorry it has to end this way,” said Emma.
“Me, too,” said Frankie, and he walked away.
Watching Frankie leave, she really felt like a louse. She didn’t want to hurt Frankie; he was really a nice guy. But, with Frankie, she didn’t feel the excitement she felt when she was with Brad. Am I making a mistake? she wondered. Frankie has always been good to me. He doesn’t deserve to be dumped like this. Emma stayed out on the porch for a while thinking. When Jani came home, she joined her.
“Did you break up with Frankie?” asked Jani, sitting on the step next to Emma.
“Yeah. It was awful. He made me feel so bad, but I didn’t want to sneak around behind his back. I guess it’s best this way. I sure hope Brad calls; he makes me tingle. Does Nate make you tingle?”
“He sure does! ”But not like Eric did, she thought.
The next night Brad called Emma, and they talked on the phone for a long time. She told him she had broken up with Frankie. He asked her if she could go to the movies the following Saturday night. She happily replied, “Yes.” He called the next few nights, and they talked a long time about school and their friends.
Wednesday night the phone rang, and Jani answered it, “Hello?”
“Hi, it’s Frankie. Is Emma there?”
“Yes, just a minute. I’ll get her,” said Jani as she went to Emma’s room to let her know that Frankie was on the phone.
“Frankie?” Emma said surprised. “I hope it is a friendly call.” Going to the phone, she said, “Hi. I’m glad to hear from you. How are you doing?”
“I’m doing fine. Just thought I would let you know that I asked around about your new boyfriend. Do you know he is engaged?”
There was dead silence on both ends of the phone.

Excerpt

FAMILY FOREVER: – YOUNG LOVERS

ONE


Christmas vacation was over, and the girls were back to their school and work schedules. Emma went out with Brad Saturday night, and they were together all day Sunday. The girls weren’t allowed to go out on a school night, but Brad called Emma every night, and they talked until Harry finally had to tell her it was time to get off the phone.
Thursday after school, the phone rang, and Jani answered it. “Hello?”
“Hi, it’s Frankie. Is Emma there?”
“Yes, just a minute. I’ll get her,” said Jani as she went to Emma’s room to let her know that Frankie was on the phone.
“Frankie?” Emma said, surprised. “I hope it is a friendly call.” Going to the phone, she said, “Hi. I’m glad to hear from you. How are you doing?”
“I’m doing fine. Just thought I would let you know that I asked around about your new boyfriend. Do you know he is engaged?”
There was dead silence on both ends of the phone.
Emma was at a loss for words. Could it be true? Brad, engaged? she wondered. “You must be mistaken.”
“I don’t think so. If you doubt me, ask him yourself. He’s playing you, Emma.”
“I certainly will. I’ll talk to you later,” she said and hung up.
Jani was standing and listening at the door, waiting to see what Frankie was calling about. “Emma, what is it?” She could tell by the look on Emma’s face that she was upset.
“Come on. Let’s go to your room. I don’t want Mom or Dad to hear,” she whispered.
Going into Jani’s room, Emma closed the door behind them. “What is it?” Jani asked again.
Emma sat on the edge of Jani’s bed. “Frankie called to tell me that Brad is engaged.”
The room blurred as her eyes filled with tears.
“Oh, no! Maybe it’s a mistake. Maybe he’s just saying that to cause trouble between you and Brad.”
“No. Frankie’s not that kind of person.”
“What are you going to do?”
“I’m going to ask Brad when he calls tonight. I feel like such a fool. I was really falling for him.” She sat on the edge of Jani’s bed with her head in her hands. “I think I’m going to be sick to my stomach. I wish Brad would call so we could talk.”
Finally, after dinner, the phone rang. Emma rushed to answer it. “Hello.”
“Hey, what are you doing?” Brad asked.
“Not much. Actually, I was waiting for you to call.”
“Why? Do you miss me already?” he said, sounding playful.
Ignoring his question, she said, “I need to ask you something.” Brad was quiet. He could tell by Emma’s tone she was serious. “Are you engaged?” There was complete silence on the phone. “Well? Are you?” she asked, losing her temper.
“Yes and no.”
“That’s not an answer. Either you are or you’re not.”
“Well, I was engaged, but we broke up just before New Year’s Eve. I’m not engaged, now.”
“Were you engaged when you came by the house and we went for a ride?”
Brad hesitated to answer. “Yes, but we hadn’t been getting along. I knew I was going to break up with her. I wasn’t engaged on New Year’s Eve. That’s why I was at the party with Jimmy.”
“I don’t date boys who are engaged,” Emma said angrily.
“I’m sorry.” Brad sounded regretful. But, of course, that was what she wanted to believe. “Emma, I’m not engaged now,” he repeated.
“I don’t believe you. I have to go. Bye,” she said and hung up. Oh, I really feel sick now. Emma went to her room and closed the door. Jani followed her.
“Was that Brad?” asked Jani.
“Yes. He was engaged, but he said he’s not now. I don’t know whether or not to believe him. I’m glad I have to go to school and work tomorrow. It’ll take my mind off of him.”
“I guess it just wasn’t meant to be,” said Jani. “I’m tired and going to bed. If you want to talk some more, let me know.”
Emma couldn’t sleep. She tossed and turned all night. Lesson learned, she thought. Don’t get involved with people you really don’t know. It’s a new year and off to a pathetic start. Get over it. It seemed to take forever for her to get to sleep. She couldn’t turn off her thoughts.
The school day seemed long, and Emma was eager to get to work. It was the first of the month, and her assignment was to send out customer statements. She looked forward to operating the elevator at lunch and dinner break and later was going to be on the switchboard, a task she always enjoyed.
While at the switchboard, she answered one of the phone calls. “Thank you for calling Orange Belt Emporium. How can I help you?” She listened for the caller to ask to be connected to a department or to ask how late they were open, which were the usual requests.
“Hi, Emma?” It was Brad.
Her stomach did a flip-flop. “Why are you calling me?”
“I really feel bad about not telling you my situation, and I just needed to talk to you again.”
“I don’t think we have anything to talk about.”
“You mean you are never going to talk to me again?”
“I guess that would be a little silly, wouldn’t it?” Emma was smiling.
“I hoped we could at least be friends. I really like you. I had fun with you, and right now, I’m not engaged.” They talked for quite some time, putting Brad on hold whenever another call came in.
“I probably need to go back to Frankie. If he’ll have me. I’m sure your girlfriend will be glad to have you back. This is all too complicated for me.”
“But, I don’t want to get back with her.”
“I’d better go. I don’t want to get in trouble with my boss.”
“Okay. Hope to see you again soon.”
“We’ll see. Bye.”
After work, Emma sat on the bus stop bench, waiting for the number eight bus. She was tired and ready to go home. She watched all the cars cruising back and forth. She thought she saw Brad’s car coming her way. Her stomach was doing that flip-flop thing again. As his car came closer, she waved. Oh no, he is with a girl. The girl turned and flashed her middle finger at Emma. Brad almost had a wreck as he jerked the steering wheel while reaching over to grab her hand.
Emma was so embarrassed. There were other people sitting next to her waiting for their bus to arrive. Did they see what that girl did? she wondered. Emma wanted to disappear under the bench, but she just kept looking straight ahead. She was humiliated. No one had ever done that to her before. Boys do that to each other all the time, but not girls. Where is my bus? Hurry and get here, I want to go home. She wanted to cry.
When the bus arrived, she stepped on and went straight to the back and found a seat in the last row. As soon as the bus stopped, she jumped off and ran inside her house. Harry, Franny, and Jani were watching television. Other than greeting her with, “Glad you’re home,” they didn’t pay much attention to her as she went to her room.
She had been home for about thirty minutes when the doorbell rang. “I’ll get it,” said Jani. When she opened the door, there stood Brad.
“Is Emma here?” he asked.
“Yes, she just got home. I’ll get her.”
Jani opened Emma’s bedroom door a few inches and, said, “Brad is at the front door.” Emma’s mouth dropped open with surprise. Her eyes were red from crying. “What’s going on?” asked Jani.
“I’ll tell you later,” said Emma.
“Brad? What are you doing here?” asked Emma when she opened the door.
“Emma, I am so sorry. Please come out here and talk to me.”
Emma stepped out on the porch and closed the door behind her. “Was that her? Was that your fiancée?”
“Yes. No. No, I’m not engaged! She asked me to give her a ride to Pomona. She wanted to buy a sweater at Lerner’s. I’m so sorry about what she did. It’s over between us. I told her that this time I really mean it. I don’t want to ever see her again. I didn’t realize how much I cared for you. When she did that to you, and I saw the look on your face, I felt so bad.”
“I have never been so embarrassed in my life. Right there in front of everyone!” Her emotions welled up inside, and her voice quivered. She fought back her tears. She certainly didn’t want him to see her cry.
Brad put his arm around her, and she snuggled up to him. “That is what I like about you,” he said. “You are so nice. She is a little rough. Sometimes she doesn’t act like a lady. I guess I just got used to it. We have been going together for four years. We broke up several times but always got back together. I bought her an engagement ring a year ago, and she has even bought a wedding dress. It was to the point that everyone expected us to get married. I felt trapped. Then I met you, and I realized that marrying her would be a huge mistake. Please believe me when I tell you, it’s over.” He still held Emma close as he spoke. “I would like to date you and only you.”
“I want to be with you, too. But, I’m not going out with you again unless you show me that you have the engagement ring. Then I’ll know she is not wearing it.”
“You’ve got a deal. Again, I’m sorry about what happened tonight. I know it’s late, but I had to see you.” He reached to pull her close and gave her a passionate kiss. “I’ll call you tomorrow,” he said and he left.
Emma stayed on the porch as he drove out of sight. I hope he’s telling the truth, she thought. I really do care about him, but I’m not into playing games. I’m not sure I’m up to getting involved in this triangle. Brad’s ex might be a problem.


If you enjoyed In the Beginning
You might also like these books by Tamara Miller

Family Forever Young Lovers

Family Forever Betrayal and Blessings

Family Forever Tragedy, Tears, and Trust

Family Forever Decisions

Reviews are always appreciated


