

Indigo Ink


~~~


David Manoa


Copyright 2020 David Manoa
SMASHWORDS Edition
v. 2.1

~~~~

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as
the author of this work.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including photocopying, recording, information storage and retrieval systems, or otherwise, without prior permission in writing from the author, with the exception of a book reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a review.



Included in this Edition is ‘Recalibrate’, one of the prequels to Indigo Ink.
To get the full experience of Indigo Ink
Click the link below
Recalibrate
~~~~~~

In the air-conditioned server room at Caracas Ltd, the young man stands, shooting the shit with a colleague, Neil the Network Administrator. They share the same pain, stuck in jobs with nowhere to go. Suddenly he receives a call from Samantha Cohen about an email she has just received from Braith Deveraux. She asks him to retract it and delete the attachment from the recipients.
 She holds the line nervously while he does it.
Neil isolates the email and tells her the job is complete. She instructs him to delete the file and any evidence of the email. 
Before he is able to delete it, he stops him and reads through the message and watches the video.
He looks at Neil and grizzles. "I want you to save this and resend it to everyone in the company. Have it ready for a time when I may need it. If Caracas is going to fuck me, I'm fucking everybody!"

***
Samantha Cohen

Friday
12pm
Central Police Station
Auckland
Auckland City

I sit in the police interview room, explaining to Detective Suarvea my story. The story of how I embellished an assault on me by Braith Deveraux. The detective a hulking figure, 6 feet 5. Big and brown. Biceps popping out of his black tight shirt beneath his stab proof vest. He asks if I was under pressure from Braith Deveraux to drop the charges of assault and attempted murder. Yes… in some way, I was under pressure. But I can’t tell the detective.
I come to the realization that the truth is setting us all free. 
Detective Suarvea escorts me out, annoyed that something is up. But he doesn't want to press charges on his end as it would be a waste of his time. Auckland is going through a bad meth epidemic, which is hitting all levels of society. He's got bigger fish to fry and so do I.
I walk out of the police station and see Braith and his girlfriend, Claire Deville, embrace. Sweet hugs for a pathetic relationship I tried to save. Even Louis Waters joins in the festivities. I stare at Braith, willing him to complete his end of the bargain. That email I received that resulted in him being free. I bring it up.

To: Samantha.Cohen@Caracas.com
Cc: Louis.Waters@Caracas.com
Bcc:
Subject: The face of Caracas

Samantha, or should I say Dayna.

Please find attached the video of your ex-husband spilling the beans on your abhorrent behaviour.
Here are my demands:
1) Drop all charges against me. As much as I enjoyed strangling the shit out of you, I do not deserve to go to prison.
2) You will pay back Reuben monies owing and the value of the house. Trust me, as you are now CEO you will recoup that very quickly, I know what Geoff was getting.
3) Don't ever try to make contact with either me or Claire again.

Consider this email my resignation if I haven't been fired already. Claire will also leave in due course.
If these three demands are not met, I have instructed Louis to disseminate this email to the wider staff and if need be the media. 
I will destroy the recording on my phone, and I will not make copies. You have my word.
All I'm asking is a fresh start. One that we all deserve.

Consider this your redemption.
Braith Deveraux

I reply to the email that point 2 will be done today having completed point 1. I ask him to show some proof by giving me the phone. I call him.
I say, "I've done everything you asked. Can I have the phone now?"
"I'll toss it in the bin after this call."
"Code to unlock?"
"None."
I watch as Braith tosses the phone into the bin. He holds Claire again when she looks at me. A last glance at my best friend I will never see again. I had hoped things would have turned out differently. I then see Louis waiting nervously, his eyes flicking to the bin and back while Braith and Clare leave for their car. He then sprints for the bin. I bolt over and snatch the phone from his hands.
"Oh, now I know you were trying screw Braith over!" Louis says.
"No of course not."
"Then why was it when I opened the email that I was CC'd in, you had IT retract it. I can't even open it!"
"Because I don't trust anyone…"
Louis shakes his head, “So what happens now. I was there at the meeting. I saw everything.”
"Look. Now that Braith is gone it means you’re the senior account manager."
He raises an eyebrow, "What? Braith is not coming back?"
I nod, "Neither is Claire."
Louis goes silent, kicking the stones on the ground, then he looks at me.
"So... it's just work as usual."
"Yes."
I examine the phone and identify the video file. I delete it.
Louis says, "So you’re going back on your word. How treacherous."
"No. It was more to do with you not trying to blackmail me.”
“I wouldn’t dream of such a thing,”
“Coming from a man who ran for the bin to grab the phone.”
Louis shrugged, “It was an iPhone. Couldn’t let it go to waste.”
I roll my eyes, “C’mon, I got one last thing to do."
"Which is?"
"Pay a visit to my ex-husband and you're coming with me. Call him to meet us at Mission Bay."
***
Louis Waters

My skin is riddled with goosebumps as soon as Samantha Cohen says those words. She is dressed immaculately. Brown heels, skin-tight stonewashed blue jeans and a blue top. Shame the words and looks are incongruent. But I hold my composure. My hands are filthy from reaching into the bin, and there is a peculiar smell. I sniff. It might be... I take my hand sanitizer to wash away the germs of the world. I offer my bottle to Samantha.
"Might want to use this. The phone fell into dog poop. I can smell it."
Samantha drops Braith's phone like a hot potato, then she steps on it with her designer heel. Gucci to be exact. Fragments of crushed glass go everywhere. I'm sure the council worker, who just happens to be sweeping the ground one bin away, will be disappointed. She snatches my bottle of sanitizer and I follow her to the car park which might as well be a gulag.
The path to the car park is dark and dreary. Fluorescent coloured graffiti peppers the walls. It reeks of urine and carbon monoxide. The concrete floor is riddled with pock marks and puddles. We pay for our parking and Samantha rushes to the toilets to wash her hands. I wait by her car, parked next to mine. The sodium lights above flicker with orange light. My mighty Mazda Miata in red. Gosh she’s a beauty. The car pops. The beast shines in all its glory. I run my hand over it, the paint perfect. Tires black and the leather interior exquisite. I breathe in deeply.
I feel a tap to my shoulder. It's Samantha.
"Where are we going to meet Reuben?" I ask.
"There's a cafe on Tamaki Drive by the zebra crossing. Do you know it?"
"Of course, I am well versed in all fine dining on Tamaki Drive. I spent many summer afternoons sipping cocktails and mojitos there. I take it we will be expensing the credit card for a business meeting?"
Samantha laughs, "If you're driving?"
"Your car?"
She strokes her chin, examining my ride, probably impressed by the red beast. "Your car, Louis."
"It might be too much for you, Samantha, it's pretty fast. It's also a manual transmission car, not many people have learned the forgotten art."
She laughs making a mockery of me and my car. How dare she.
She says, "That 1.8 litre slow piece of shit? I just want to be driven, so I can organize the money for Reuben."
I unlock my car and open the door for Samantha because I'm a gentleman. I remove the roof then we leave the car park, driving down Queen St. Top down with an attractive female in the passenger seat. I wish I had more moments like this. Could even don a wig with long hair to feel what's it’s like to have wind in my hair.
"How do you know so much about cars?" I ask.
"My dad drove a Mustang V8. That piqued my interest in cars."
"So, he taught you a lot"
"He taught me enough for it to be a catalyst. I got into cars because I used to hang around boy racers back in the day. So, you pick up a few things… mostly speeding tickets."
I put in my Venga Boys CD as Samantha takes a call... I start singing We're going to Ibiza.
"Louis!"
What?"
"Turn that shit down. I'm trying to talk to my fund manager."
No one mocks the Venga Boys! I resist the sudden urge to give Samantha the boot out of my car. The assault on my car! My music! These atrocities are too much to handle. We stop at the traffic lights at the bottom of Queen Street. Thousands of people cross, everyone goes about their lives.
I eavesdrop on Samantha who talks about selling her shares. Maybe it was all that money she fleeced off her lovers from times gone by. It gives me great joy that she is making things right, but not on good intentions; only on fear. She ends the call, and she has her palms up as the wind hits them. Like she is having a Thelma and Louise moment. Only that I am Brad Pitt and I'm driving. We pass the helicopter pad where the Eagle Helicopter takes off from.
"Why are you so happy?” I ask “You got absolutely handled by Braith back there. He won."
Samantha breaths in deeply while fondling her blue pendant like it was her lucky charm. Sorry, but that is not a lucky charm.
She raises her head, sun lightening her pale face. "I never thought it would feel so good doing something I hate."
"They call it a conscious…"
Samantha laughs like a hyena as we arrive at the cafe. I find it funny too, until I see Reuben staring into his coffee at the table, stirring it like a depressed maniac. I park across the road.
I say, "Look at him, the guys a mess. If Braith recorded what I remember, you would have shed a tear."
Samantha scowls at me then stares at Reuben. She closes her eyes and looks away to the beach beside us and the view of Rangitoto Island. She gets out of the car and we cross the road. Reuben turns, spotting us together, he goes pale like he’s seen a ghost.
"What she doing here, Louis?" Reuben says as he stands, gathering his coat to leave. He stops when Samantha lays her hand on his shoulder, asking him to stay. They lock eyes and I can almost see sparks fly. I turn to Samantha to ask for the credit card and order our drinks. I sit by the bar and watch on with glee as the two get acquainted…

***
Samantha Cohen

"You have some nerve showing up here." Reuben says, taking a cigarette from his jacket pocket.
"You still a one pack a day man?"
"I’m now two packs after you fucked me over!" He lights up and takes a deep pull taking a quarter off the length of the cigarette.
"How have you been?"
"Like they say, surviving… just surviving." He blows smoke in my face, making my eyes water and my throat itch. Maybe I should reconsider my kindness.
"I heard Pacifica Enterprises has floated stock on the share market. You guys going global?"
"It was only a matter of time, it has to do more with covering debt. I actually got made redundant with this whole bloody coronavirus nonsense."
"Sorry to hear that, have you found another job?"
"In this environment? If a pilot has to resort to picking apples and kiwifruit in the country, everything else will be slim pickings."
"They made me CEO, maybe I can find something for you."
Reuben coughs almost choking on his cigarette smoke. "I'd rather pick apples. What do you want?"
"I came to say I'm sorry for everything."
Reuben bursts out laughing, "You came here to say that? Sheesh! You’re a piece of work. I guess it wouldn’t have anything to do with Louis and his boyfriend Braith would it?"
"Excuse me? Braith has a female partner, Claire."
"Never mind. I let go of the pain a long time ago Samantha, but I can never, ever forgive you."
"I don't expect you too." I take out my phone and show him the transaction I made, "That's your bank account, right?"
Reuben grabs my phone and checks, pulling my phone closer. He takes out his phone and opens his banking app, doing a double take seeing the money in there.
I say, "Everything I took is in there. I added extra for your trouble. I’m sorry."
Reuben blinks and starts wiping the tears from his eyes. He stares at me and before he says anything, I begin to stand. This emotion coursing through me is foreign and I feel weird. I call Louis over to leave. He carries two cocktails with him, draining them both in seconds.
"Give me the keys?" I ask.
"Why?" Louis says, chewing the two olives in his mouth.
"You've been drinking. I'll drop you home and I'll order an Uber to pick up my car."
Louis pauses, reluctant to give me the keys. "I don't know if you can handle the power." 
I roll my eyes, "Louis."
"Ok! Ok! Be gentle with her. She doesn't like harsh gear changes. Do you know how to drive stick?"
I pop the key in the ignition and start her up. I rev it a bit, the needle going all the way to the red line. Not bad. I wriggle the gearstick feeling the notchiness of the short gear throw.
"Clutch in and slowly release." Louis says nervously. "Foot on the gas."
"Louis if I can ride dick, I can ride stick. It's that easy."
Louis backs off, muttering. "Ok then, remind me not to say that to my daughter."
"That's if you have one."
"I'm afraid so…” He pauses a beat, then sighs. “Lauren is at my place with the scans."
"No wonder you went hard at the bar."
"But at least the baby is going to be healthy, right?"
I don't answer. We drive back the way we came heading past the Auckland Ports down Quay St. Out of interest I am curious to see what Lauren looks like, if Braith used to be with her. I wonder who dropped their standards. We take the motorway over the Auckland Harbour Bridge and hit traffic.
I say, "Is there something you're not telling me about you and Braith?"
"What do you mean?" Louis says as he watches me drive and not the road ahead.
"Reuben said you introduced him as your boyfriend."
"Oh that!" Louis laughs leaning back looking up to the sky. "No, I was joking around. It was some back and forth with Braith.”
"I hope so, for Claire’s sake!"

It feels nostalgic driving again.  It brings back memories of when my Dad sat me in his Mustang and I would pretend to drive. We pull into Louis’ house or should I say estate… Damn. There's a black metal wrought iron gate 10 feet high. He reaches over to the keypad on the post and puts in the pin number 007.
I raise an eyebrow while the gates creak and screech open. We drive in. The wide grey cobblestoned driveway wide enough for least two cars greets us. Each side has manicured lawns that stretch for miles. On my right there's a hill with Waters spelled out with huge light boxes.
"Oh my god! This is a fricking mansion. How much was Geoff paying you?"
I turn to Louis who smiles. He asks me to stop and pulls out his phone. The letters in his surname light up and then cycle though all the colour variations.
"Cool huh?" 
"You're definitely not getting a pay rise and I can see why Lauren slept with you."
"Hey! It's a family home! And Lauren didn't know about this place till she got pregnant."
"You still live with your parents?"
"No, they passed away many years ago. It is my inheritance home. Been in the family since the 1800s."
"Gosh this is too big for you." I said.
“That’s what Lauren said.”
We pull up at the front of the mansion. I’m in awe being in front of the castle.
"Would you like a tour?"
I check my watch. Its 5pm and I'm meeting Pita for my gigolo fix at 8pm.
"Why not?"

Louis takes my arm like he did when I started at Caracas, and we enter the main door. In front of me is a high ceiling with a massive set of chandeliers and red carpeted stairs to the second level. Exactly of out that scene in Titanic. To my left is the dining room and kitchen. To my right is the lounge and I see Lauren hobbling over to us. Well, I hope it is. Her blonde hair is in a ponytail and she’s wearing grey trackpants and a grey singlet top with her tummy protruding.
"Where have you been?" she says to Louis. She turns to me. Looking me up and down. She’s quite attractive, gosh how the heck did Louis get her knocked up.
Louis says, "This Samantha Cohen, CEO of Caracas."
Lauren says, "Oh, is Geoff gone?"
"Semi-retired." I say.
Louis narrows his eyes at me. 
Lauren flinches, "And Braith?"
"He has resigned."
"Really? What's going on?"
Louis says, "Claire and Braith have ridden off into the sunset to pursue other opportunities."
“Together…” I say.
I watch as Lauren flushes red, she blinks tears and leaves the room. Louis exhales then smooths his shaved head.
"She still loves Braith…" I say.
Louis nods looking like a wounded puppy.
He says, "I have everything I wanted, but a woman who does not love me."
"You can't force it. Just think of her as your surrogate mother. You'll find someone. Eventually."
Louis shakes his head and points to the stairs above. We begin the ascent and I feel like I am climbing Mt Everest. There is a hallway to the bedrooms on my right and an open balcony on the left, I am drawn to it because of all the light. I enter it and there are all their fairy lights hanging above like waves. From the balcony is a view of his entire property. 
"Wow. Remind me to hold the Christmas party here, Louis."
He smiles, "Of course. I’ll invoice Caracas the fee. I ordered your Uber by the way."
"Thanks."
I look up, and even better than the lights are the stars above, shining so bright, devoid of any light pollution that would have obscured them if we were at my apartment.
"You can see everything."
"I know, I'd sit out here for hours and look for shooting stars and make wishes. I’ve spotted maybe 100 or so since I've been here.”
“Any of those wishes come true?”
He shrugs, “A few. I saw a few UFOs too. 
“I think the alcohol burned a few brain cells.”
"If you think we are the only beings in this universe, you're sadly mistaken."
"Gosh, you watch too much YouTube..."
My phone vibrates and Pita Tupou sends a pic in my penthouse making himself at home. Topless muscled body lying on my bed. I need to get home quick. 
Great timing as I see in the distance a set of headlights at the gate. My Uber ride. Louis lets the car in. 
Suddenly I hear something smashing in the kitchen. We bolt down and I see Lauren going ape shit. Smashing the pile of plates in the cupboards, this bitch is absolutely crazy.
"Uhmm.. I'll let myself out." I say, tiptoeing over the broken ceramics
"Please." Louis says, dodging the glasses thrown at his head.

***
Louis Waters

PSHH
"I hate you!"
PSHH
I feel like Neo from the Matrix as I dodge the next onslaught of silver spoons being chucked at me. They clang over the marble floor like shrapnel. She loads up another lot, her face red with fury having missed due to my panther-like reflexes. This time its saucers which come at me like shurikens. I jump on the table running like Neo did on the walls. Some saucers hit the window sending down a rain of glass shards over my head.
"What's wrong with you, Lauren!"
"This!" She points to her belly. "I never wanted a baby with you!"
"Calm down. You’re being crazy!"
She holds the frying pan up, taking aim like a sniper, "This doesn't happen to people like me! Why me!"
She throws the frying pan and I dodge again, ducking that I almost do the splits. It embeds itself into the wall. Damn that could have been my head! I slide over the table and grab her wrists. She is holding a knife, pointing it at her belly. We wrestle for a moment. Lauren has grown man strength. I wrap my arms around her upper body and knock the knife out of her hand.
"Calm down." I say, "Why are you acting like this?"
She takes out the scans and shows them to me. To see them makes me cry. 
“She's beautiful. Is everything ok with the baby?"
"Of course. But it's like seeing something disgusting."
"I'm saddened to hear that. Look you are just under stress. Everything will be alright. I promise I'll be there for you and the baby."
Lauren goes quiet. 
"I want to abort the baby." She says.
The shock of the words hits me. I cry, "No! You can't do that!"
"It's my body. My choice!"
"You are six months pregnant Lauren. Look at your belly, our baby is fully formed."
Lauren holds her palms over her belly then squeezes.
"Please Lauren, don't do it. I beg you. If it's a money thing, I'll pay you whatever you want. You don't have to look after it when the baby's born, how's that?"
Lauren wipes her eyes.
"Have you eaten?"
"No. I haven't been hungry. I haven't slept, I'm too depressed."
"Go into the lounge and lie down and I'll clean up here. I'll order some food, and we can talk about it."
She nods and leaves the room. The whole dining room looks like a bomb site. I pull out the frying pan embedded in the wall. My mind is deeply bothered by the words she has said. I check my phone and there's a message from Samantha.
Are you still alive? If so don't answer. I'll see you on Monday.
	
***
Samantha Cohen

I lie on my bed, legs open while Pita fucks me. Feeling his length go in and out of me, the sensation so good. I hold my hands over his chest muscles. Bronze skin. Tattoos that sweep across his body. I turn over to look out to the water as he keeps pumping me from behind. His grunts. His touch. I moan. Everything feels animalistic. I grab the sheets as he goes faster and faster. My body jolts like my heart’s being restarted and there is no pain. Only pleasure.
From the window, lights from the docked boats sparkle like those stars at Louis’ mansion. The image takes me out of my fuck session with Pita. He comes, grabbing me while his body shudders. He lies on my bed sucking air through his teeth. My fingers trace over his chest muscles following each pattern of this new-found body art.
I say, "New tattoos."
"Yeah, I had been wanting to do it for a long time now. My situation is a lot different from years ago."
"Turning over a new leaf to a nine to five or on the straight and narrow?"
"Maybe. There is someone else out there."
I sit up, "Don't tell me you're falling in love."
"No, I'm running after it. I was reluctant to come here."
"Why did you?"
"My debt to you."
I laugh, "Mr Pita Tupou. Paying over and above doesn't mean I owe. Call it a tip for fucking me good with that big dick of yours.
Pita says nothing, sitting up to stare at the water.
"Wow. You really have changed."
He shows me his forearm, turning it and there is a tattoo. An outline of a heart.
He says, "I look at it each time to remind me of my purpose. That I’m open to the possibility of love. Thank you, Samantha, for all the experiences."
I watch Pita leave my bedroom naked, light falling on his muscled tattooed body before shadows obscure it, making him disappear. I run my fingers over my wrist. Skin pale. Skin so clear. His words something to think about.

***

Caracas Ltd
Monday
5pm

Geoff used the week to shift all his belongings out of my new office. Looking around everything has an outline of what used to be there. I ask that the walls be painted white from the drab museum looking decor Geoff used to have. I grab my laptop and head for Louis’ office and set up at the empty desk.
Louis’ eyes are red and puffy staring blankly at the screen. He sees me and springs to life, puzzled as to why I'm here.
He says, "Am I the only friend you have left?"
I laugh. "Very funny. No. My office is being repainted and remodelled. Thought I would work here for the next couple of months."
"You're the CEO. You can do what you like."
"Glad to see you’re alive, Louis."
He smiles then takes a sip from his I am a no1 DAD mug. "Sorry you had to see that. The altercation was terribly embarrassing."
"Hey, I'm not judging, we've seen crazy before."
"I don't know what got into her."
"Forget it. She will be all good once she has the baby. When is she due?"
"Next couple of months. She wants to have an abortion."
"What!" I say, “She looks like she’s due any second now!”
"Yeah, the stress of having the baby might be too much for her. Even with my help."
"Normally I’d offer advice but I'm kind of out of my depth."
"No worries, I’ll figure everything out."
There's a knock at the door and it's Geoff Caracas. He is wearing a brown leather vest and blue jeans, even sporting the black cowboy hat with his fishing lures tied around it.
"Well if it ain't snow-white and snowflake." Geoff says.
I laughed, “Hey Geoff. You’re looking good.”
He smooths his vest then lifts his tackle box and fishing rod. “Thought I’d pop in to see if there was anything else you want from me, before I go on my fishing vacation."
Louis folds his arms. "You look like a gay Crocodile Dundee."
Geoff says, "Shut up!"
I say, "We’re all good. Its work as usual."
"Good. After all these shenanigans, be good to get matters in order."
"I will. Starting with those boys in the Sales Office."
Geoff closes the door and I turn to Louis who is texting frantically on his phone. He gets up and asks to leave.
"I gotta go! Lauren."
***
Louis Waters

I unlock my car. The brake lights emit red light and flash twice. I jump in the driver’s seat. I pop the key in the ignition, she pops and starts. I rev a few times, needle hitting the red line. Exhaust smoke blows from the rear. Engine starting to warm up. Pop-up lights rise and I head home. Fast. I select from the USB stick There's no easy way out by Robert Tepper. 
Going down the motorway the road markings blur to straight lines. The reflective studs sparkle like diamonds. The street lamps shine like mini moons. Lauren’s words made me uneasy. Foot to the gas pedal. I drop the gear down, it makes a shotgun reload sound. My high horsepower car shunts me back as I overtake a truck and trailer. I pull off the motorway and arrive home. The gates open and Lauren’s Dad is loading her bags into his van. Lauren comes out clutching her purse and bottles of my finest wine in a bag.
"What are you doing?"
"I'm going to stay with my parents."
"Why?"
"Maybe a change of scenery will change this way I'm feeling."
I pause, at a loss for words. "If you think that's best for you and the baby."
She doesn't answer, gets into the van. Lauren’s dad slides the door shut and asks to speak to me in private. We head inside to the dining room.
Lauren’s father, Warren, is an interesting character. My first meeting with him was to tell him about Lauren’s pregnancy. He was not too pleased about me being the father, especially when he had such a close relationship with Braith. He absolutely adored Braith to the point he deified him like a god. That was creepy.
He ran a number of businesses but for some reason a lot of them failed. He was all about keeping up with the Jones's, no matter what the cost.
"Glass of water?" I ask.
"No thank you."
"So, I take it you've heard from Lauren that she wants an abortion."
"Yes." He strokes his chin. His gaunt face is so tan he may as well be black. "About that." His eyes are narrow and beady. Almost black and soulless like a shark’s.
I panic, thinking because my genes didn't fit his purity test that he would encourage Lauren to do it.
I counter, "She has less than two months."
"I know. I can convince her not to do it and keep her level-headed and away from the booze. She will be safe with me."
It is that moment that a slimy grin crosses his lips and his hands rub together like a man in front of a fire in Antarctica. He smiles showing his fake teeth that are so white and straight you could play on them like a piano.
I sigh, "What's the catch?”
"Lauren will have the baby and you will take care of it as soon as it's born. Pop it out and we’re out."
"That's ridiculous. The baby needs to be breast fed. Time to bond."
"No, the baby can do all that with you."
I pinch my nipples, "I don't think there's milk in these."
"No, you buffoon. Baby formula. So, you'll get what you want, no abortion."
"Thank you."
"That's not all. Since Lauren is carrying your baby I feel we should be generously compensated for her stress and loss. I want 2 million."
I balk, "I barely have fifty dollars."
"Then I can't promise you that Lauren will have the baby…"
“Are you serious?”
He shrugs, “Remember she doesn’t want to have the baby… I am that tipping point to shift it either way.”
"That's rotten holding me to ransom like that. This is a life we are talking about."
"It is, but I’m not the villain here. I can change things. I'll give you time to decide but I recommend the earlier the better to ensure the baby is born."
I watch as Warren leaves and take out my phone, looking at my funds. I am nowhere close to getting that money. I chuck the phone on the table and watch as it spins around. Like my life going around in bloody circles. I look up, seeing this place I’ve called home since my childhood. 
I have to sell the Waters Estate...

***
Samantha Cohen

From the meeting room, I peer into the sales office watching the boys interact. I don't know why Geoff hired an all-male, all-young sales force. I count 10 of them. I could almost breathe in the toxic masculinity along with the scent of cheap cologne and Lynx (Axe) deodorant. With all three demands by Braith done and dusted, I feel a sense of freedom. My phone rings and it's Louis.
"What happened with Lauren?" I ask.
"She moved back to her parents."
"I'm sorry."
"Hey, I need your expertise."
"Sure."
"Do you have the contact that sold your house?"
"I do."
"Was he competent?"
"Got the job done." I say, “Why?”
"If you could flick his details that will be great."
"Why are you selling your estate? Is it to do with Lauren?"
"No, after contemplating everything it's time to downsize. You were right."
By the inflection in his voice, Louis sounds like a bad liar. I flick him the details. Be good to talk to him in person, to find out what really happened. I step into the sales office and, all at once, their heads turn like the possessed girl in The Exorcist.

I call Rodger over. He is the senior sales cadet and the only name I can remember. My management style is to work down the chain of command so it will be interesting to see how he reacts now I'm taking over.
I pick up the phone and dial his extension. He jolts like some pussy cat you give a fright to. I call him in. He stands as he points to the meeting room. All the boys, with fear on their faces, watch on.
Rodger is dressed in black pants and a short sleeve black shirt and black tie. At second glance, you would have thought he was part of the nerds in IT. But Rodger seems to exude more confidence than that. As he approaches closer, his hand shakes as he opens the door. He smiles, then adjusts his glasses. He’s a dead ringer for Clark Kent without the muscle bulk. Very gaunt, to the point it’s haunting.
"Sit."
He flinches and sits down. "Anything I can help you with ma'am?"
"As you may know, Braith and Claire have now resigned. I spoke with Louis -"
"Oh my god, I'm fired! Was it that comment I said about him?"
"No, relax. What I want you to do is to step up."
"Account Management?"
"No. Not completely."
"Ok. Sorry for being too eager."
"No nothing wrong with that. So, what I want you to do is to assist Louis with his work and we will evaluate."
"I already do Louis’ work. To be honest, I don't know what he does!"
I didn't answer, observing the hatred in him.
"I'm sorry for the outburst, Miss."
"This meeting is confidential so what you say won't leave these walls."
Rodger takes off his glasses, he does have a semblance of Superman.

He says, "When I took up the cadetship they outlined a plan where we will spend blocks of time in each department. I started in the warehouse unloading and loading containers, then they put me in the service department and now I'm stuck on the phones in the sales office. I want be out there client facing, cutting deals, not here doing someone's admin. I bet ya if Louis was here, he would have no clue how to enter an order or lookup inventory."
"How long have you been in the sales office?"
"Two years. Three years total with the other departments."
"Gosh, that's too long. Six months is normally my expectation, then you’re out on the road."
Rodger’s face drops. 
"My expectation also means my standards. Louis is good at his job, but he is a dying breed of salesman who thinks he can divvy out his responsibilities without rolling up his sleeves. The things I've seen here, like getting cadets to type out emails from his pencil scratchings…"
"I do that. I also pickup his dry-cleaning every Friday. He even dry-cleans his underwear."
I shake my head. Who the hell dry-cleans their undies! "No one should be doing that crap, even typing out anyone's emails in this day and age. I'll talk to him."
"Please don't. Forget what I said. I'll get fired."
"The only one who will fire anyone is me."
Rodger doesn't answer, taking his glasses off to clean them, gosh it was like I was witnessing an abused child.
I say, "Why do you stay? If it was me, I would have quit years ago."
"Because I have worked so damned hard to get here. I can't give up." Rodger bites his lip, eyes red. He looks at me. "I'll never give up."
I pause as well. Knowing his struggle of being overlooked in this male dominated world.
I breath in, "Imagine we are at a bar. No one else is here. What do you really think of Louis?"
Rodger clutches the end of the desk, his fingertips white with tension. His jaw pulses, his face flushes red. Gosh, he is almost foaming at the mouth.
"I hate him with all my heart. In my life, I have never come across someone so vile. Antagonistic and cruel. I'd put him up there with pedophiles and rapists. If I had a gun. I’d kill the motherfucker!"
"Okay, maybe too much information." I say wiping spittle from my face.
Rodger wipes tears from eyes, "I'm so sorry for saying that. I'm trying to convey the level of hatred."
I pause, knowing that level. I've lived it.
"Please continue."
"Ever since I started, he has made everything difficult for me. I’ve tried to do everything to appease him and all he does is find fault with everything we do. Nothing is ever satisfactory. No pat on the shoulder, no recognition of any of my efforts. Its like he has this seniority complex. He treats me like I'm his house nigger."
I shake my head, appalled, "Hey thank you for sharing this insight. Unfortunately, it is a fact of life that we don't choose who we work with, but if you do well with me you can break out on your own. With Louis, he is starting to change."
He folds his arms, "I've yet to see that."
"If you didn't know, he will be a father soon. And I've seen changes in him."
"Do you believe that? That people can change for the better?"
There is a heavy silence, my elbows on the table I rub my hands thing about that statement. I stare at my wrists... thinking of an answer.
"Ma'am?"
"I do."
***
Louis Waters

Sunset.
Waters Estate.

I breathe out with what might be my last breath in this place as I watch the real estate agent leave with all the details of my home. Giving him the guided tour while he took pictures like he was some crazed paparazzi. He even went to the length of operating a drone to get video. He talked about putting something together to put on YouTube that would get clicks and then leads. I felt as though he was trying to be like that director, Micheal Bay, more than a bloody real estate agent. I sit on the balcony looking out, holding my jug and a glass of my special protein shake. Appreciating the view.
I’ll miss this.
I see in the distance, Samantha's blue Porsche Cayenne 4WD drive in. It kicks up dust plumes behind her and I wave her in to come upstairs to meet me on the balcony. I hold up the jug of green goop and pour Samantha a glass, and she comes through just in time.
"For you milady." I hand her a glass and Samantha studies it.
Her face drops, "A glass of wine would suffice. What the hell is in it?” she sips, “Argh! It tastes like ass."
I raise an eyebrow. "I hope that was a figure of speech. It's part of my 6-week shred diet. Kale, spinach, carrots, blueberry's, a scoop of protein powder and two raw eggs with the shells included for extra fibre and calcium. Sometimes I add raw meat for extra protein."
Samantha sniffs it before she dry retches, giving it back to me. Rather than waste the precious nutrients, I pinch my nose and drain the whole cup.
"So, Louis. It seems to be working. I'm noticing you’re starting to shape up a little bit. You have a few muscles popping."
I cough, and pound my chest, burping a few times. "No pain, no gain."
"Umm, well I hope you are doing the exercise to match it."
"Of course. Look at these biceps." I flex my gargantuan bicep. "When I do my curls, I envision mountain peaks, so they grow."
Samantha rolls her eyes, "I've seen bigger, looks like you been pushing too many pencils."
I laugh, knowing what movie that came from.
"Speaking of pencils. I had a sit down with one of your favorite cadets."
"Who?"
Samantha folds her arms, shaking her head.
"God. Do you know any of their names?"
"I do. Of course! You're talking about Rodger... right?"
"Yes. We had a heart-to-heart about his career. But before I tell you, what is your opinion of him."
"The guy can be an idiot at times. What more can I say?"
"I mean, is he competent at what he does?"

I take a moment to think about Rodger. Collectively he wasn't that bad. He is probably the cream of the crop of our current intake. He's the only one with the common sense to execute what I ask of him.
SNAP SNAP
Samantha is bringing me out to reality.
"He is. I find it hard to get people to be like me when they struggle to reach the level of how I want things done."
"Do you know how long Rodger has worked here?"
"Vaguely. When I started, he was in the warehouse."
"How long have you been looking after the cadets?"
"Two years, same time as when he started in the sales office, why?"
"I think it's time for him to move into account management. When I spoke to him he mentioned the hatred he has of you. Even went to the length to say if he had a gun..."
"Oh god no! He must be fired. Immediately."
"You don't get my point. How can you treat a colleague so badly that they come to hate you so much?"
"C'mon, it's not that bad."
"He said, you also made him feel like he is your house nigger."
I laugh at how ridiculous his comment is.
"It's not funny, Louis."
I smooth my head, "I... know. It's a poor choice of words from Rodger."
"It's how he feels."
I hold back a laugh at this hypocrite trying to lecture me on ethics. I reach into the outdoor fridge and take out a bottle of bubbles. Maybe alcohol will dampen her mood.
"Oh my God, Samantha. After all we been through. You're calling the kettle black."
"Hey, this not about me. And yes, I agree with your point, the whole situation has made me look inward."
"And what did you find?" I pour her a glass, "The entrance to hell? Ice?"
She sips, then smiles. "Funny."

I look out as the sun dissipates, and we see the stars. I take out my phone and switch on the lights. My whole yard lights up. The fairy lights twinkle and my name on the hill flashes with grandeur.
"Cheers." I raise my glass.
CLICK
"Gosh Louis, if I didn't think anything else, this would almost be a date."
A flock of pigeons flies over us when she says it. I stare at her. I’m such a sucker for blonde hair and blue eyes.
I say, "You know because of my strict diet and my intensive exercise plan, I will look like Vin Diesel in two months. Maybe you’ll consider marrying me."
Samantha coughs, spitting out my most expensive bottle of pinot noir, leaving red puddles on my white marble floor. She bursts out laughing. I turn to look out and give second thoughts to Rodger and the things he said.
I say, "Yeah I admit it, I've been hard on Rodger. I guess I was taking out my frustrations on him. I will touch base with him and apologize."
"Good. Now, tell me why you are selling the estate, really?"
"Lauren wants 2 million, and she will have the baby."
"Are you for real?" She pauses a beat, “I can’t believe she’s that greedy.”
"That's why she went all mental back there. She can't cope with having my baby. Seems like her Dad, the weasel, is in on it too. He’s in her ear."
"What are you going to do?"
"What I'm doing now. Selling."
"But this is your family legacy. Surely there has to be another way."
"I was hoping with your cunning mind, and experience of getting out of these types of situations, you could advise."
Samantha shakes her head and drains her glass. I top her up.
"Ah, it was time for a change, Samantha. My whole life was always about me. To know I have a daughter coming."
"Oh, so it's a girl."
I pull out the scans from my wallet and hand them to her. Samantha stares at them, to see something different sweep across her eyes is unique.
"Do you picture yourself with kids?" I ask.
Samantha doesn't answer, fondles the stem of her glass.
I say, "Gosh and I haven't thought of a name yet. Maybe I'll call her Daryna."
Samantha punches me on the arm.
“Sorry, perhaps another one would be more appropriate.”
“My mother’s name was Anastasia...”
I turn to Samantha, nodding in approval, liking the ring to that name.
“Sounds exotic… I like it. Perhaps I’ll consider it."
Samantha says, "You have a beautiful place here. A shame it has to go.”

***
2 months Later
The baby’s coming!
Auckland Motorway
3.10pm

Of all the times Lauren had to go into labour, it had to be at work. She came in to collect her money when her water broke. Just as I was about hand her the bloody check. Rather than call the ambulance, Samantha takes us in her Porsche. We gun down the motorway, the exhaust note screaming like cats fighting in the night. Afternoon sun strike streams in, blinding us, the high-rise buildings giving us a slight reprieve for a few seconds or so. The day is hot, sweltering. I'm sweating like a pig. A typical humid summer in Auckland. Samantha swerves in and out of traffic like she is used to out-running cops. She switches to the emergency lane, throwing up debris and dust behind us.
"Car! Car!"
"I know Louis!"
Samantha toots at the car in front, flashing her high beams to get out of the way.
"Punch it, Samantha!"
Samantha floors it, the tires screech and squeal as the acceleration makes me fall back into my seat. She has this determined look like all this isn't phasing her, and I am having a fricking full-blown panic attack! I hold Lauren’s hand as she breathes rapidly. She screams, gripping my hand like a vice, making me scream too.
"Shut up, Louis!" Samantha said. "I'm trying to fucking concentrate!"
"She's squeezing my hand!"
"Ah!" Lauren screams again "Louis, you cocksucker! AH! You small dick bastard! I hate you!"
Lauren is soaked with sweat. She closes her eyes, teeth clenched. She starts screaming again. Breathing through her teeth. Uttering a string of curse words my mom wouldn't be proud of. I never knew I looked like a cuntface. Before I start to picture it, I look ahead and we are in Newmarket and stuck in traffic.
"C'mon Samantha."
"It's that the traffic from that new mall."
"Take the bus lane! Left! Left!”
I turn to Lauren who has her legs wide open. Oh god. My heart is pounding from the view.
“I can’t wait, the baby’s coming out!” she screams.
“Please No! Lauren hold on. We’re nearly there!”
“No!” Lauren takes a deep breath and stares me straight in the eyes. “Louis, you have to do it!”
Oh shit! Oh shit! I don’t know what to do. I take out my phone and jump on YouTube, punching in how to deliver a baby with my thumb. I flick my vision to Lauren as she shakes her head and I see a head popping through her vagina...
I faint.

***
Samantha Cohen

I look in the rear-view mirror to see Louis lying on his back, out cold. Shit! You are such a pussy, Louis! Lauren screams again and I pull over to the side by the movie theatre. I open up the boot and pull out my gym towels. I lay one beneath her bottom and one on her belly. A crowd starts to gather from one of the movie sessions ending and I ask someone to call an ambulance.
"You’re gonna be ok, Lauren." I say. “Breathe… nice and slow.”
Lauren locks eyes with me, her breathing starts to slow. Her forehead glistens with sweat. Cheeks flushed.
"Ok..." she says, “I can do this.”
She begins to push as the baby pops out with ease. A person behind me gives me scissors to cut the cord. I try to place the baby with Lauren so she can bond. She is so freaked out, she doesn't want to touch the baby. Her eyes squeezed shut, her head shaking. Arms folded. I take the baby and nurse it. Tears pool seeing something so beautiful. Gosh the baby is gorgeous. I turn to my left to see Louis recover, he hobbles over and watches.
"I'm so sorry I blanked out."
"Its ok. Do you want to hold her?"
"I'm a bit light-headed. I'll drop her."
"She's beautiful Louis. I can't see the resemblance."
Louis laughs. "Maybe it's a good thing. She doesn't look like Lauren either."
The baby has a lot of hair. Blue eyes like me, skin so soft. With everything, we went through, it feels like I had the baby.
I watch on as Louis talks to Lauren. He takes out the check from his jacket pocket and hands it to her. He hobbles back over, and runs his index finger over the baby’s fine blonde hair.
I say, "What are you going to name her?"
Louis smiles at me, "Anastasia."
I can’t help tears spilling from my eyes when he says that name. Emotions of my mother and this new life I'm holding.
"Ok! Ok! I can change it." Louis says waving his hands.
"That's fine.” I sniffle, “I'm happy with the name. I love it."

***
2 days later.
Wednesday

I get a call from Louis that they are being discharged today from the hospital. With all the weird circumstances with Lauren, I drive in to bring them home, wherever that may be. I pull in to Auckland Hospital and wait outside the maternity ward. I spot Louis in the hallway talking with the nurse. 
I say, "How are you?"
"I'm good, a little sleep deprived, but I’m ok."
"Thank you for picking us up." I show him the car seat I bought.
"No problem, hey with your house sold, where are you staying at the moment?"
"I made a reservation at a hotel. Hey, I was wondering if I could take a month's leave just to take care of the baby and look at my options. I got to sort stuff out with Lauren as well. Some document they want me to sign."
"Sure, whatever you need. Hey, I was thinking, why you don't stay at my place?"
Louis flinches and looks down.
"I don't want to impose." He mumbles.
“You wouldn’t be.”
“You sure?”
“Yes.”
“I appreciate it, Samantha. One month is all I need, and it will be business as usual.”

***
Louis Waters

Sitting in the back seat I can’t stop checking on Anastasia in the car seat next to me, her eyes squinted with the light. Looking at me, me looking at you. I adjust the blanket to keep her warm. She smiles, then chuckles. We arrive at Samantha's apartment on Halsey St. Carrying the car seat, we get out when we see a van pull up. It's Rodger and the cadets unloading all my stuff and all the baby gear Lauren dumped on me.
"You shouldn't have, Samantha."
"Hey, the cadets wanted to."
"Sure..." Staring at Rodger who gives me the evils.
"A good time to talk to Rodger too, don't you think?" Samantha says.
I raise an eyebrow, "You think?"

We take the elevator up to the top floor, taking the walkway to her penthouse. Samantha pauses by the door and waves to Anastasia.
"Are you ready?" she says.
"You sure we won't find a dead body in there?"
"Funny."
I see the boys following with the bassinet.
She opens the door, and I'm surprised by the amount of space there is. From the door, to the ceiling-to-floor windows is a good ten metres. To my left is the dining table and living area with white leather couches and the main bedroom. Floors are all polished concrete. Everything all open plan. The deck seems to run from end to end. The view of the luxury yachts docking in and the view of the Sky Tower is a sight to see.
She takes us to the spare room, complete with its ensuite bathroom. The room is huge. The boys brush past us and begin setting out the bed.
Samantha says, "The baby needs changing. I'll get her sorted while you have a heart to heart with Rodger. Here, take the company credit card and take the boys for a late lunch. There's a bar and restaurant called Degree on the bottom floor. Just say I sent you."
"C'mon Samantha. I don't think the timing is appropriate for me to be begging for forgiveness."
"You're going to be off for a month and I'm giving him your accounts, be best to smooth things over."
"What! Are you serious! He will mess them up. He's not ready."
"Sink or swim it's the best way. Besides, he's done his time, and I think it will mean a lot to let him know from you." She grins, "Maybe throw in an apology or two while you're at it."
"So, you're willing to risk these million-dollar accounts to give four eyes a chance?"
"It's only a risk if I thought he would fail. He's ready."
Before I can say anything more she takes the baby to her bedroom.

***
Degree
Restaurant and Bar.

The boys follow me like a pack of rats and me feeling like the pied piper with the company credit card. I book a table for ten, and we own the area. There is a large plastic sheet draped down to stop the wind and two gas heaters each side. The table is set out with plates, and fairy lights snake through the middle. I pass out the menus and order the boys drinks. I plonk myself straight across from Rodger who is hiding behind the menu. Peeking ever so slightly.
"A word outside. In private." I say catching him in direct eye contact.
Rodger flinches as the boys start snickering. I can see them doing dick sucking motions behind our backs in the reflection of the plastic as we head outside. I do not regret treating them like idiots. We stand by the edge of the wharf looking out to Devonport, the sea is calm with a few seagulls diving into the water. A couple of naval ships are docked in the distance. The sun is setting behind the harbour bridge. A warm night.
"Rodger, thank you for coming in to help out."
"I had no choice. Samantha said we had to."
"Well I appreciate it anyway. Samantha told me about the things you said. Especially the bit about feeling like a house N-word."
Rodger flinches, he shakes his head, "Samantha said our conversation was confidential!"
"Trust me she was never about secrets, mostly lies."
"So that stuff about me being promoted was all bullshit?"
I pause to see Rodger’s reaction. The guy is almost going to cry. He turns his back, facing the water. He takes in a deep breath, hands on hips.
I say, "No. It is true, Samantha asked me to give you my blessing."
His face lights up. "I won't let you down, Louis."
I ask Roger to re-join the boys and give him the responsibility of the credit card. I look out, watching a cruise ship leave the harbour, feeling good about myself. I head back to Samantha at the apartment and see her feeding Anastasia.
"You're back early." she whispers.
"Gave Rodger the news and responsibility for the credit card."
"Louis!"
"Hey, it's a first test, right?"
Samantha doesn't answer, preoccupied with baby, trying to get her to sleep again.
"Anyone tell you you'd make a great mother?"
The moment those words hit her brain she changes. She stands, handing me Anastasia who is now asleep, and heads to the door, slamming it behind her.
"What?" I say, "Was it something I said?"

***
Samantha Cohen

I needed some fresh air. I took my coat and went for a walk around the wharf passing the bar the Cadets are at. All of them drunk and boisterous, an interesting team bonding. I carry on, when I'm tapped on the shoulder. It’s Rodger.
"Hey."
He hands me the credit card. "I saw you walk by. Thought I give this back before I get tempted and max the card out."
I take the card, slipping it in my pocket. "How’re the boys?"
"Digging into the food, hungry as wolves after a few drinks."
“A few?” I laugh.
“A lot.” He says, "Louis had a word with me. Thank you for making things happen. If it wasn't for you, I wouldn’t have this opportunity."
"I'll see you Monday. Be ready."
"Hey, if or when Louis comes back after a month, will there be a possibility to create an account manager role with my own accounts?"
"I was thinking when he comes back it would be good to spend the rest of the year with him before I decide. You will be account manager, but with training wheels."
Rodger goes quiet.
"I know you want autonomy, but I have to see how you go first."
"Ok." he says smoothing his face with his right hand.
I continue my walk, doing a loop to the other side of my apartment. I sit on the benches staring at the yachts. One of yachts, owned by Peter and Samantha Spiel, is docked in after nine months at sea travelling the world, doing whatever they wanted to do. I chat with them and they ask if I would like to purchase it. I would have seriously considered it if I wasn’t tied up with Caracas.
All these good deeds are putting me in a head space so foreign to me. Challenging my thinking. I’ve finally achieved everything I wanted to in the business world. I'm CEO of Caracas Ltd and on top of the world, but it feels empty. Maybe I lack an adversary, a challenge. I look up and I can see Louis in the distance, nursing the baby. He really has toned up, his muscles apparent from a distance. Then I can see him weeping. Then he’s screaming! What the hell is up with him?

***
Louis Waters

I look out from the balcony to see the Sky Tower lit up with green at the top. With the low clouds it illuminates the city above with green light like an alien spacecraft is hovering above, ready for the invasion.
“I guess it’s just you and me, Anastasia." I can't hold tears back as she stares at me with such innocent eyes, chuckling while her dad is crying like a broken down pathetic wreck. The compounding pressure of everything that happened with the sale of our family property has revealed some deep dark secrets about our family.
Turns out my father had a lot of debts and the multimillion-dollar estate I just sold was only just enough to cover the debts and pay out Lauren. My father thought the debts would die with him, but the idiot tied up the house in a trust that thwarted previous attempts. And all the vultures came once it sold, as if an alert was triggered the moment money was available.
So, I'm holding my daughter in a place that's not my own. No wife. No family. Broke, I'm depressed that I've gained one step and gone two back. Why? Why me? I scream silently.
There's a knock at the door and its Rodger coming through with the pram. He's dressed in a black t-shirt and black skinny jeans which look ridiculous with someone whose legs are as thin as pencils.
"Are you crying Louis?" he says, trying to make eye contact.
"Course not, the wind blew something in my eyes. What are you doing here?"
"The pram was all that's left in the van. I think that's about everything."
"How are the rest of the boys?"
"They’re just finishing up. I gave the credit card back to Samantha. She strolled by earlier."
"Good."
Rodger brings in the pram and touches Anastasia’s hand, smiling and twisting his head like a white Stevie wonder.
"She likes you."
"Hey, just letting you know Lauren came into the office today. She was looking for you."
"The hell did she want?"
"She dropped off a few things of yours and asked if she could see the baby."
"What you tell her?"
"Samantha pretty much came over and told her to fuck off. Got me to escort her off the property and trespassed her."
I laugh, "Good."
"Lauren filled me in on everything that happened. Sorry about losing your home."
I shrug.
"Hey, I spoke with Samantha, and she said that if I do well, I will be getting my own accounts."
"If..."
Rodger's jaw clenches, and he flushes red like he is going to throw me off the balcony. He turns and leaves, passing Samantha who is carrying a couple bags of Chinese food.
"What did you say to him?" She asks, taking the food out to set on the table
"He's very confident that he will do an exceptional job. Maybe a tad too cocky."
"Yes, I spoke with him before. He wants his own accounts when you come back after your month’s leave."
"One month, and he thinks he will know everything."
"I gave him no promises."
"Good. I don't think it would be a good idea to screw him over either. For all I know we could be floating in harbour down there."
She laughs, smoothing her thumb on Anastasia’s face, she is fast asleep. I put her to bed and join Samantha for a late dinner.

A hot summer night. Windows open, lights dimmed. You could almost think we were on a romantic candle-light dinner. I sit across from Samantha, her blonde hair tied up, wearing her black nightie. I’m finding it hard to concentrate with an outfit so devastatingly seductive. Low neckline. I raise my head to peer down to appreciate the cleavage.
"So why were you crying?" she asks.
I come back to reality.
"Wait, what? How did you know?"
"I could see you from the other side. Gosh, maybe everyone in the adjacent apartments could see you."
"It was windy, dust got in my eyes."
"Wow, I never knew dust could travel 20 floors high. Did it get in your mouth too? Is that why you were screaming? To clear your throat?"
I don't answer, instead digging in to my spring roll, chewing with my mouth open while sneering at her. A shame, the spring roll tastes pretty damn good, time to change the subject.
I say, "The yachts on the other side look impressive. My dad owned a few. Last boat was called the SS Meadow Johnson. We used to sail from here to Tonga. Dad taught me everything it takes to be a good captain."
"Wow, well one of the yachts is for sale on the other side, if you have a cool 300k."
"I'll be sure to check my lottery ticket. Gosh, why does everything have to be so complicated and expensive?"
Samantha laughs, "Isn't everything that has happened been that way?"

The baby starts to cry and, before I can get out of the seat, Samantha leaps up and grabs her. Watching her feed Anastasia makes me feel like I’m a family man.
My phone vibrates, breaking my appreciative stare and I receive a text message from Lauren. “The hell does she want this time?” Samantha asks me, and I read it to her.
“She wants to be listed as the mother on the birth certificate."
"I thought they do that at the hospital?"
"No, it's done online now. I checked it out."
"After you pay her off, she has some nerve to ask to be included."
I read the message in detail about how she would give some money back. 
“I just don't know why she all of a sudden wants to be part of my daughter's life?”
"Louis.” Samantha says, breaking my train of thought. “You not going to put her name on it, right?"
“I read the website, and she fills one of the criteria that would make her unfit. I can or cannot choose to."
"Which is?"
"Unknown. Dead. Missing and, lastly, of unsound mind. Take a guess.”
Samantha laughed “Of unsound mind would be reason not to put her name on it, 100 percent."
"Maybe I should put your name?"
Samantha jolts, she blinks, an uncomfortable silence. I’m sure, in an ideal world, she wouldn’t mind.
I say, "I'm joking."
She exhales, "Lauren doesn't deserve her to have her name on the form."
"I know, but I want to talk to her in person on Monday to know why."

***
Samantha Cohen

Monday
Caracas Ltd
9am

"Reporting for duty Sir!"
I raise an eyebrow, looking at Rodger in his new threads. A dark blue three-piece suit. He's looking very dapper. His hair is cut, short back and sides.
"I mean Ma'am"
"Where're your glasses?"
"Contacts."
"Wow you got a haircut too. You do clean up well."
"Thank you." Rodger preens his tie and adjusts his posture.
I hand him Louis’ portfolio and instruct him to get stuck in. I keep it simple, reach the target and I'll make things happen. Geoff walks in, sipping his tea, back from his one week vacation. He's looking very tanned and slightly sun burnt on his bald head. I advise him of Rodger’s promotion.
"You sure you want pencil dick here to do Louis’ job?" Geoff asks.
"I vouched for him as did Louis."
Geoff smooths his beard as we watch Rodger talk to the cadets in the sales office. They all surround him, giving him high fives and hugs.
"Louis and Rodger are like those two characters in that movie Dumb and Dumber. I can't quite decide who is which."
I fold my arms, "They’re not that bad, they just need encouragement."
Geoff balks. "I hope being here hasn't softened you up?"
"No. Of course not."
"I'll leave it to you then. I heard Louis is staying with you. The hell is wrong with you?"
"Louis had to sell his home to pay out Lauren so she would have the kid. He's only staying for the month."
"Jesus Christ, the Waters Estate! His father would be rolling in his grave."
"You knew him?"
"Of course, if it wasn't for him, Louis wouldn't be working here. Janus Waters was an entrepreneur in the pure sense. Always coming up with hair brained ideas he wanted me to invest in. He was always speculating, gambling, flying by the seat of his pants."
"What happened to him?"
"He setup a trust with all his assets tied into it with Louis as the benefactor, then he passed away from cancer. He had a lot of debts, and he had a lot of companies chasing him."
"Interesting."
"Hey, this Coronavirus thing’s starting to concern me. I hope you have things in order."
"I do. I'm meeting with HR for a worst-case scenario."
"Good. Because if the government locks down the fucking whole country that will affect our cash flow. We’re going to need a plan."
Geoff leaves, and I see Louis in the office collecting his laptop. Before I am able to grab his attention, he stops to pick up the baby at reception. I hope he didn't bring her in his car!

***
Louis Waters

After snatching Anastasia from reception, I fasten her into the passenger seat, pushing it right back with the rear facing forward. Not the most ideal situation. Anastasia looks at me, smiling. Making me smile.
"Hey pepe... we’re going for a drive to see your mother."
She smiles then makes bubbles with her mouth.
"I wouldn't be smiling, Anastasia. You see, your mother was going to the abortion clinic where she would have had her legs spread wide open, while a doctor drained all the amniotic fluid. You would then be gasping for air, screaming.” 
I clutch my throat pretending to be hyperventilating, Anastasia giggles, then farts. I hope I won’t have to change her nappy.
“Then the doctor would insert the large stainless steel forceps with this jagged surface pulling your body parts out one by one, stacking them on a tray. Arms. Legs. Torso. Then the doctors would crush the skull so they can pull it out. If its white liquid, it's normally your brains."
Anastasia keeps smiling while I recall how my doctor, Michael Angel, explained the whole process in terrible detail years ago.
"Yes, this is your mother who wants to be on your birth certificate, but you're lucky I loved you even before you were created. I came from the future to save you, Anastasia. I paid the price. Now, come with me if you want to live!" as I put on my Arnold Schwarzenegger voice, she laughs, and I wonder if what I'm saying is sinking in.
“Louis!”
I turn and it's Samantha eavesdropping.
"I can't believe you told that disgusting story!" she starts hitting me. Hard!
"Ouch! Stop it. She's a baby she doesn't know anything!"
"I remember everything from the day I was born."
"Really. I feel sorry for you. What do you want?"
"I can't believe you drove here with her in the front seat. Don't you know how dangerous that is?"
I shrug "It's the only car I have."
"Here." Samantha tosses her keys to her Porsche Cayenne. "Put her in the back seat, you idiot."
I take her out and put in the back. Samantha buckles her in and kisses her on the forehead.
She says, "Give me your keys, I'll see you at home."
"Will dinner be ready?"
"Maybe another ass whooping for being so stupid."
“I’ll bring dinner for my humble error.”

I start up the car and we head out. I check my watch, its 12:30pm. We’re cruising, taking the roads through Queen St through to Khyber Pass Rd, to Lauren’s place on Mountain Rd in Epsom. I take Anastasia out of the car seat and hold her while we traverse Lauren’s freshly mowed berm to her gate.
Her house reminds me a lot of those Spanish double brick homes, like something out of a Zorro movie. The gardens are immaculate and the hedges so straight you'd think someone spent hours with a pair of scissors getting them right. I see Lauren’s dad, Warren, on the other side, pushing the lawnmower. Looking in, there is a patio and a large outdoor area. Next to it is a large infinity pool and I spot Lauren lying on an inflatable.
She's all oiled up, glistening and sparkling like a turkey. Soaking in the rays in her red bow tie bikini. You'd never think she had had a baby by the way her body looks. Suddenly, my stomach growls and I'm hungry. I point to the pool and Anastasia looks out, we make our way over when Lauren spots us. She rolls off the inflatable and dives in, swimming to the end of the pool like a great white shark.
She jumps outs and grabs a white towel. We watch on as she dries herself then she starts smiling and tries to be friendly with Anastasia. Commenting on how much she has grown. Anastasia starts crying, making Lauren upset. 
"So, what do you want?" I ask as I calm Anastasia.
"I went to see a psychiatrist, and they diagnosed me with post-natal depression. I took some time to reflect and I want some part in my daughter's life."
"No, no, no, I paid you and signed the forms. Don’t you dare call her your daughter. We are done."
“I know, but I'm begging you, if you could least acknowledge me as the mother on the birth certificate. Just in case in the future she wants to know who I am."
“On my way over here, I told Anastasia who you are and what you could’ve done. All she did was laugh and fart. I don’t think she would do either when she comes of age.” I shook my head, "I don't think it’s appropriate."
"I can give you some of the money back."
I close my eyes. Everything that I did to mentally cope is going to be reset to zero.
"I'll think about it. As for the money, sheesh, transfer whatever you think works for you. I really don't care to be honest. I may not even do it."
Lauren says nothing, only stares while we pack up to leave.
I say, "I hope you get better, it will take me some time to process things too."

I arrive at Samantha’s penthouse. She’s organized dinner, as I totally forgot. Anastasia is fast asleep and Samantha and I sit in the lounge with a glass of wine looking out at the view. She switches off the lights. The ambient light streaming in. Faint sounds of the city and the waves coming in. I take notice of the calming effect.
"Saving power?" I say.
"No. I like to just look out and see what goes on around me. Everything so clam and still but across from me all the apartments are like a petri dish of different lives. Look straight ahead there's the old couple, see them?"
"Yeah, watching tv."
"10.30pm on the dot they turn everything off and go to bed. It’s like clockwork. The husband then gets up at 12am and sits at his computer for an hour."
"He’s probably looking at porn."
"Or he could be a writer."
"Yeah, you said an hour, right?"
"Uh huh."
"Definitely a writer..."
"See the apartment above?"
"The wiry guy with tattoos, bald head on the phone?"
"Yes, he sells ecstasy and marijuana to all the clubbers that line up in the hallway every weekend."
"Really? Why don't you call the cops?"
She shrugs, "I like to watch the impending chaos once in a while. My mind goes to a place where I see the cops coming in. How did the meet up with Lauren go?”
I sip from my glass, replaying the events of today.
“Turns out she’s suffering from post-natal depression and wants me to try to include her in Anastasia’s upbringing. Starting with adding her name to the birth certificate.”
“She’s a nut job. Don’t add her to birth certificate.”
“She said she would give me some money back.”
“Yeah, 10 cents. Gosh Louis, you’re not going to do it are you?”
I shrug, “I may consider it if it’s greater than 10 cents."
"How much are you in debt?"
"What are you talking about?"
"Your father, he had debts, so you had to pay them. How much are you out by?
"Whoa, who told you this?"
"Geoff."
"His old buddy...” I pause a beat. “Yeah my dad had debts from some his schemes in the day. A failed entrepreneur who left a legacy, alright. A legacy of outstanding debt. With the house sold, what was left over was siphoned to all the creditors he owed. 
It was funny what he said to me on his deathbed. “When I breathe my last breath so will the money."
“I wouldn’t find that funny at all.” Samantha says. 


***
Samantha Cohen


1 month later
Coronavirus
Monday
Level 4 Lockdown imminent.

In two days, the New Zealand Government announced, we will head into Level 4 lockdown. Everyone in the office starts packing up their things, to work from home. Geoff taps me on the shoulder, and we head into one of the meeting rooms.
"Is everything in order?" he smooths his shiny bald head then his beard.
"Yes, I.T have set everyone up to work from home. We will have a zoom and skype meetings tomorrow, so we know who's on board and connected."
"Good. Send out an email that there will be compulsory meetings for 15 minutes. One at 8.30am and one at 2pm."
"Why?"
"To keep everyone focused and on the job." Geoff points out into the office. "Look at their faces. They all think this is a frigging holiday!”
“It will be done.”
“Also, with the level 4 lockdown, a vast majority of our clients will be out of action. I just a fielded a few calls from some of our biggest clients who cancelled thirty percent of our work in the last hour. We don’t know how long this thing is gonna last, so worst-case scenario, we need to evaluate who we have to let go now."
“Seems harsh?” I say, "Didn't Braith do such an exercise?"
"He did, and with him and Claire gone, it does free things up. But were going to bleed money paying wages. When there is no money coming in something has to give."
Geoff inspects his cigar before taking his cutter to chomp off the burnt end. The ashes and tobacco he grips in his palm before he sprinkles them into the bin.
"You should do it now to save some of these suckers the time packing their things away."
"I can't make people redundant in the midst of a global pandemic!"
Geoff shrugs, and lights up his cigar.
"Hey I'm just giving you a suggestion… Better to do it in person than like a coward over a zoom call."
Geoff leaves the room and I stand there looking out at everyone shift their boxes. In the worst-case scenario if was a more than two months we won’t have enough to pay wages and potentially the whole business could fold.
My mind is riddled with indecision when Rodger bursts in.
“Hey Samantha, I got a sale! I got a sale! The client will place their order next month. A 50k order."
"Great work. Hey, with this, I will put off my decision till this is over, the government is overacting, it should only be a couple weeks."
I go back to my office and do the numbers, I really hope this Coronavirus is only for two weeks or I'll will have to let people go. And it pains me to say that I'd may have to get rid of Louis and Rodger or the cadets.
I check my phone to see Louis’ message, the guy’s panicking like its Armageddon, heading to the supermarket, asking if I have face masks at home.

***

6pm.
I arrive home to my place looking like a fricking food bank. Piles of tinned food on the bench and a huge pile of toilet paper stacked almost ceiling high against the wall.
"Louis! What the hell are you doing?"
He walks out with Anastasia wearing a face shield and Louis is wearing something over his face, duck taped around his ears. He places Anastasia in the portable cot and snatches the hand sanitizer from the table and squirts it on my hands.
"Why did you get so much toilet paper?" I ask.
"It was the last lot left so I grabbed it. Actually, I had to fight a lady over it. It might be on YouTube." He says, his voice muffled.
"There's enough for a fricking year!"
"We don't know how long this pandemic will last, we could be stuck in here for months."
"Don't be ridiculous, this whole thing is an exaggeration, it’ll only be a couple of weeks."
I pause, then I take a closer look at his face mask. What the heck! He’s wearing one of my heavy day maxi pads across his face! I rip it off and Louis screams.
"Ouch!" he says touching the side of his face.
"Why the heck are you wearing my fricking tampon maxi pad!"
"The store was out of masks and the maxi pads... you know, being absorbent and all will protect me from the Coronavirus."
"You wore that out in public?"
He shrugged nonchalantly "Yeah, so?"
Louis takes the tampon mask from me and tries to put it back on.
"Oh, my God. Well, since you are all prepared, could you get my computer equipment from the car. I'll look after Anastasia."

***

Louis nods and leaves the room. I tend to Anastasia and feed her with the bottle. My heart warms to see her after this stressful day. I look around to see even more toilet paper in his bedroom! Louis comes in with my stuff, taking off his mask. He wipes his brow and sets up the computer at the dinner table.
"Louis, we have more toilet paper than we have food!"
"It may look that way but it's the 8pk with 450 sheets per roll. It's even 3 ply for softness, not that shitty 1 ply at work."
I take Anastasia on my shoulder and pat her for wind.
I say, "Well toilet paper king, if we die of hunger and thirst, it’ll be good to know we all died with clean asses."
Louis cracks up laughing and takes out tonight's dinner. He even takes out a few candles. I put Anastasia to bed.

***
Louis Waters

Samantha puts baby to bed and I hear the shower going, she’s left the door open, steam drifting to the top of ceiling to the windows. I set the table, lighting candles. The light flickers, I take out my phone and play Careless Whispers instrumental. The saxophone sounds magnificent and I move to the beat placing the knives and forks next to dish of rib eye steak and mashed potatoes. I lift the foil off the plate, steam rises, the meat looks succulent. Yum. The potatoes are creamy. I add a knob of butter, it melts. Slowly. I add a pinch of Himalayan sea salt and black pepper.
I'm tapped on the shoulder and Samantha is patting her hair with her towel. She's dressed in grey track pants and a white singlet top.
"Hungry?"
"Yeah, starving. What's with the shopping mall music?"
I frown as she sits across from me. We’re eating. Spending time together. Getting acquainted. Every word coming out her mouth falls on deaf ears. She licks her lips.
“Louis!"
"What?"
"Did you hear me?"
"No."
"I said I might have to make you and Rodger redundant,"
Scratched record plays in my mind. I turn off the music.
"What?" Suddenly I can't taste the food any more. Samantha goes on to explain that if the Coronavirus goes on for more than a month, which I'm sure it will, that we will have to go."
"What about the cadets?"
"I’ve thought about it, I still need salesmen. You and Rodger are a big expense on the books at the moment."
"But we've been here the longest."
"I know, but if I get rid of the cadets and keep you two it’s still not enough. I am also not taking a wage for the rest of the year and nor is Geoff."
"Sack Rodger and the cadets then."
"Still not enough."
"At least with the cadets I can give them one account to look after, so we don't lose or have a drop in the service we provide."
I drop my fork, then wipe my mouth and look at Samantha. Her eyes are red.
"I need the job, Samantha. I have nowhere else to go."
"Look, you can stay here for as long as you need to till you get on your feet again."
I pause, knowing that in this climate it is the logical thing to do. 
"I'm sorry Louis. It's a business decision. And look, it may not happen at all. This, it's all an over-reaction."
"Are you oblivious to what's happening out there? People are dying in the thousands overseas. Things won't go back to normal."
"Don't be so negative. You watch too much fake news."
"I'm just being real."

***
Louis Waters

Out on balcony on a hot summer's night. I look out, reflecting on my pending redundancy. All the years I put into the place. To be made redundant by someone I care about. Care... or love? Meh, what's the difference. I watch as one of the yachts reverses to exit when Samantha brings me a cup of tea. She's dressed in her robe, ready for bed.
"You ok?"
"Yeah, just in a period of mourning. Just let me be."
"Don’t be like that, Louis, I'm sure it's only going to be two weeks."
"I wish I could believe you, but I can't. In a way I am glad you told me now. I assume if you make that call in a month you’ll have to do it over Skype or Zoom?
"Something like that. Geoff actually wanted to me to do it while they were packing up."
"See, even he has some common sense."
Samantha says nothing, sips her tea. I reciprocate, it tastes bitter and sour.
"Gah, where's the sugar in this?"
"You don't need it."
"I may as well drink hot water."
Samantha puts her cup down and leans on the railing. She takes in a deep breath.
She sighs, "I couldn't do it." 
"Do what?"
"Sack the staff right there and then."
"You know, you have done ten times worse." I sip my tea, it's even more bitter than before, I pour it out watching the liquid drift like salt spray. "I have too... we are both no angels, are we?"
"It was until Braith sent the email. I had no choice but to do the right thing." She stares at me, "And it felt good. And this time we have spent together looking after Anastasia, this is the happiest I've ever been."
"Samantha, can I say something? And I don't want you to reply. Just take this in."
I turn to her, she is all attentive, her blonde hair flicking back with the slight wind.
"I have been happy too, sharing my daughter with you.  I wish I was that attractive guy that you could fall in love with so that I could be truly happy. A family as they say."
A heavy silence ensues. Everything at the moment feels like a dream. Samantha leans in. Closer and closer.
Samantha is about to say something. I press my index finger on her lips.
I whisper. "You don't need to say anything. I know I’m not your type."

***
Samantha Cohen

Two weeks later.

Sitting together on the couch, consuming the world news of the pandemic, a bit of anxiety hits me. Just knowing what world is going through, how bad the Coronavirus has become. I was naïve in thinking this would be short term. I flick off the TV and take Anastasia off Louis who has something urgent to do. Gosh, Anastasia is growing so fast. Her smile and her being so super cute.
Louis exhales, "So when do you talk to Rodger?"
"I'll let him know when we return to the office."
"I don't think that would be a good idea. He'll be expecting a promotion and you'll be giving him the sack."
"I just can't do it over the internet. It feels bad."
"I get it."
"What were you doing on your iPad?"
"Filling out her birth certificate."
"Did you decide whether you were going to add her name?"
"I did."
"And?"
"I think Anastasia should know who her mother is. If there comes a time when she wants to know, the information is there. I’m struggling with what I will tell her if she asks who she was."
I say nothing. Disappointed and jealous, I guess. I kiss Anastasia on the forehead. I wish I could put my name on it. I deserve it more than her.
"I know what you're thinking, but if you had the chance to reconnect to your mother, would you?"
"Of course, one hundred percent, but my situation is different, she loved me from the day I was born. Even in the womb I could hear her singing. I could even sense the belly rubs. I felt that. I remember all that."
"I know Anastasia will have a lot of questions growing up without a mother. When it comes time to tell her the truth of how everything happened, that’s something I dread."
I place my hand on Louis, knowing the pain Anastasia will experience.
"I'll be here for you both, Louis. Whatever you need."

Sparks seem to fly after saying it. My brain is feeling the tide turn. Louis breaks the connection, turning to the dinner table to grab the newspaper.
He says, "I tell you what, jobs are slim pickings at this point in time. I have had interviews for a few jobs, waiting to hear back. Pay won't be as great. When they ask me what my salary expectations are, they tell me to be realistic in this current market. Maybe I was paid too much at Caracas.
"My offer is still stands for you two to stay here. Rent free."
"You've done enough for me, Samantha, taking me into your home. Putting up with me and my child. Once the lockdown is over, and we return to the office and I’ll pack my things up and Anastasia and I will move into a flat. I should have a job by then, even if it's picking apples."

My phone rings and it's Rodger. Gosh why do these coincidences happen?
"How's it going, Rodger?" I say while I hand Anastasia to Louis. Louis is whispering do it! Do it! Do it now! He's there! Now! In a funny German accent.
Rodger says, "Hey I just want you to know. I have secured another sale after lockdown ends. It's about 15k."
"Great work." I said, "How have you been in lockdown?"
"I've been busy, even though I can't see people face to face, this Skype stuff does the job."
"Good stuff. Look, I have to go."
"Ok, bye."
I exhale. "Gosh, I don't know how I'm gonna do it!"
"You had your chance." Louis says, arms folded.
I shake my head then rub my temples. Eyelids squeezed shut. I really don't need this shit right now.
"Hey, I got the job!"
I turn to Louis who reads out the job offer. My heart feels like its shattering. I really don't want them to go.

***
Louis Waters

11pm.

After setting Anastasia down to sleep, I email the birth certificate to Lauren. I tell her about my situation and the new job and she doesn't reply. Maybe her scum bag fake tan Dad told her not to make contact. I get up to get a glass of water, thirsty from this hot night. I take off my singlet when I hear sobbing from Samantha's room. I enter, her ceiling to window sliding door is wide open. Wind blowing in making her curtains drift. The moon light so bright it lights up her room. 
There she is, sat on her bed, knees-up by her face. Eyes covered by her arms.
I hold her. I feel a release of emotion from her. Sobbing. I had the same breakdown over the things I did. I knew... I know what she is experiencing right now.
"You ok?"
"I'm not." She wipes her eyes, "I never thought everything that finally happened was affecting me. Maybe that's the empathy Claire told me about. I can't help but feel all this guilt over the things I've done and the things I'm going to do. I fucking hate myself right now!"
I kiss her, holding her face. "I went through the same thing. It's the part that lets us know we’re human."
Samantha is shaking, "Louis. I don't want you two to go..."
"We won't. We will stay for you." I kiss her again. "I will stay for you."
She blinks out tears, “Do you remember when you asked me whether you would be the type of man for me."
"Yes."
"To see how much you've changed since becoming a father, the sacrifices you made. I’ve never felt what it’s like to fall in love till now."
Hearing those words makes me weep. "I fell in love with you the first moment I took you for that tour of the office."
Samantha falls back onto the bed as I kiss her deeply, one thing leads to another and we make love for the rest of the night.

***

After Lockdown
Return to Caracas offices

I arrive with everyone unpacking. Funny that I am doing the opposite. Samantha goes into a meeting with Geoff. Anastasia is watching me while I collect all my photo frames off the wall. She's laughing as I tell her the story of my many Employee of the Month awards. I turn for a moment when I see Samantha take Rodger to the meeting room to tell him the news. Poor guy, he really did try hard. My phone vibrates and it's a message from Lauren. Before I am able to read it, the door bursts out open and Rodger is crying. He's in the hallway!
"I fucking knew it!" he cries. Samantha tries to calm him down. He won't hear a word of it. "I know what you did, Samantha." 
I leave Anastasia with reception and head down the hallway.
"Rodger, what the heck is wrong with you?" I asked.
"You know. You were on the email!"
"What are you talking about?"
"Don't try to play dumb. I know about Samantha and the things she did. I saw the video."
A crowd starts to form and I try to usher Rodger to one of the meeting rooms.
Samantha says, "There's no way you could have seen it. Either Louis told you or you eavesdropped."
Rodger just shook his head. "I was there when you spoke to Neil.”
I say, "Look Rodger, I lost my job too, we’re both in the same boat, you're just angry and upset, just calm down. Come into the meeting room, so we can all hash this out together."
"No."
I stare at Rodger who takes out his phone and speaks into it. He says “This is the time. Get it all set up."
He wipes his eyes then tells us to meet in the server room.

The server room is situated behind the main office. Inside, you can see out to the main office floor, separated by a glass partition. Everyone is all set up at their desks. I try to lower the blinds when Rodger screams out not to touch them. Rodger is at one of the terminals in the middle of the room. The black polished tile floors reflect the lights above. Above the terminal are two screens, one has the email that Samantha sent me. The other is a still image of the video Braith recorded.
I turn to Samantha who gasps, looking at the screens.
Rodger says "Louis never told me and I didn't eavesdrop. I was there when you got Neil to call when you tried to screw over Braith. Fuck you Samantha, I should have had enough common sense just to send the email in first place."
Samantha cries, "Rodger look, you can have your job back. We can review it."
I step forward.
"Get back Louis! I can't believe you even trust this bitch!"
"Look Rodger, I've lost my job too. Were both in this together."
"Bullshit! She must be paying you off."
I step forward again.
"Get back!" he screams "I swear to god I'll fucking do it!"
"Do what?" I ask.
"Read the email. Do you see who I've CC'd?"
I look up to see that he’s CC'd everyone in the company.
"Don't do it Rodger. That kind of damage will put everyone's jobs in jeopardy. We would lose clients and business. It will take years for Caracas to recover and with the Corona virus that is further exacerbated!"
I turn to Samantha, her eyes are red.
I step a little closer.
Samantha says, "Rodger please don't do it. I can re-establish your job. Anything you want. I'll do it. I’ll draw up a contract now. Just tell us what you want?"
Rodger wipes his eyes, bursting out laughing "You give me the world when you are down on your knees. You guys don't get it, do you? The blood, the sweat and tears for this fucking company and in return for so many years. I kept getting looked over and over, kept getting treated like shit. But I thought I'd give you all a chance. 
When I got that job as an account manager, I never felt so good about something in my whole life. Then you take it away from me."
Samantha says "I get it Rodger. But please look at all your colleagues out there. This action will change everything!"
"I lived my life taking people by their word. My word was my bond. But Caracas has become a cesspool of lies and backstabbing. There is no honour in this place. Jesus Christ Samantha, you were even going to screw Braith over."
There is a brief moment of silence. Rodger takes off his black suit jacket. Wearing only a vest and black shirt. His tie dangling. The air-con blows above, the tassels flutter.
 I can take him. 
The huge servers beep and click. Lights flicker. I judge my distance. A metre… may be two, max. With one giant leap I can knock him out of the way and switch off the terminal. I start to lower myself like a spring. Coiling for action.
Slowly.
I flick my eyes to Samantha, who senses what I'm doing.
She says to Rodger. "Please Rodger, I have changed. I had to do those things in the email to make things right. I beg you. I can write up the contract now."
Rodger wipes the sweat off his brow. "I don't trust you!"
He spits, while I'm down another inch. My legs, calves tensed, charging my hands as they ball into a fist. I imagine the stones on the ground rumbling and shaking like when Superman takes his first flight. Rodger reaches for the mouse. This is my chance.
 I leap.
Samantha screams. I fly through the air like Superman. Everything in slow motion. Time standing still. Rodger turns, fingers an inch from the mouse button.
"Noooo!"
My fist hits his back, pushing him forward. The mouse drops to the floor. We wrestle, Samantha tries to pull on Rodgers shirt, he strikes her, and she falls back.
He makes a run for the mouse and I grab him. His arm stretched out, he's holding the mouse moving the cursor on the screen to the send button. I'm trying to use my new-found strength to hold him back, but this wiry punk has me wrapped like a python.
"I'm sorry I failed you Rodger." I say.
His face all red, straining, the veins popping from his forehead and temple. I see the cursor hover over the send button."
"Don't do it, Rodger!"
"I'm sorry master... this is the end.”
CLICK
I release my grip as I see the email send. I stand up and look into the office as the dings and email notifications start all around the office.
Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding.
I grab Samantha and help her up, everyone is reading the email then watching the video.
"Are you ok?" I asked.
"Yeah," she looks out. "Is there time to run out to tell them to stop?"
I shake my head, "No. He even CCd the international offices."
I hold Samantha as she sobs. I hold her. We both watch on as they all react. 
She says, "I'm so done."

Geoff bursts into the main office and comes looking for Samantha, I assume. He rubs his head then screams out for everyone to back away from their computers. He spots us and storms towards us, grabbing Neil the IT guy by the back of his neck.
He busts in the door as if he is SWAT. "What the fuck is going on here! Neil retract that email now!"
He heads to the terminal and types away. Rodger is looking out into office, palms against the glass watching the chaos he’s caused.
Geoff says, "Who the hell is responsible for this!"
I point to Rodger. 
Samantha taps on Geoff's shoulder, making him stop mid stride towards Rodger.
She said, "Geoff, it's too late. Set up a meeting for tomorrow. I'll explain everything, and I’ll have a response then."
***

Back at the penthouse, I hold Anastasia while Samantha nurses a freezer bag on her forehead. She takes it off and places it on the coffee table.
I say, "What are you going to tell Geoff."
"Everything."
"You sure? You know Geoff is going to make an example of you and fire you."
"I don't blame him. I would do the same thing. Can you drop me off at work tomorrow? I'd like to walk home after so I can clear my head."

***
Samantha Cohen

The next day

I let Louis drive me while I think about what I am going to say to Geoff. We stop by a set of shops, and I spot a tattoo parlour. 
I say, “Stop outside, I want to get a tattoo.”
Louis raises an eyebrow, “What? Now! Are you crazy? Why?”
“Just something I wanted to do for a while.” I smooth the underside of my wrist.
“What are you going to get? Nothing too drastic I hope.”
“You’ll see.”
“Maybe I’ll get one too, with you.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, I always wanted thug life tattooed across my stomach.”
I crack up, then go in. The tattoo is small and subtle, an indigo colored heart underneath my wrist. Louis raised an eyebrow. 
“Is that it?”
“Yep. Plain and simple.”
“What does it represent?”
“Change…”

The tattooist bandages it up and we get back on the road. The pain of the tattoo is nothing compared to the pain of telling Geoff everything and seeing what he wants to do.
Louis says, "Hey I turned down that job…" 
"Really why?" I say, "Gosh, now two of us will be unemployed. I was hoping you could contribute to the rent after tomorrow."
Louis laughs, "Yeah the job wasn't for me..."
"So, what are you going do?"
"I'll find something, maybe in the shipping industry..." He laughs.
"I'm over work. To be honest, I really just want a break at this point in time."
"I get ya." He smirks, looking in rear view mirror. I turn to see Anastasia asleep.
I see Louis take a different turn heading in another direction. Back to the apartment.
"Hey, why are we going back?"
"Hey look, I called ahead while you were getting your tattoo and I spoke to Geoff. He felt it was best that you relinquish your investment in Caracas. Of course, he will pay lip service and say you're fired as a consequence to the media, but at least you can start over."
"Start over." I like that.
Louis pulls up to the other side of the apartment where the yachts dock. Puzzled, I turn to him.
"What are we doing here Louis?"
"I took Anastasia for a walk, and we saw the yacht that was for sale."
He points at it and the name bestowed on it is SS Meadow Johnson 2.
I turn to him, he’s smiling. "Oh my God! Did you buy it!"
"Yes, I did."
"But how?" I say "You had the debt and you turned down the job. “I don't get it!"
"Lauren sent me a generous amount of money after putting her name on the birth certificate. Said she would like the opportunity in the future if Anastasia wants to meet her one day or when she gets her head right, whichever comes first.”
“So, she gave you more than 50 cents?”
Louis laughs, “A lot more then 50 cents, try 1 million.” We make our way to the boat. I peer inside to see the setup, every amenity we need, including the stacks of toilet paper and food.
“Samantha, I was wondering if you would do me the honour of joining me on a trip. Let’s disappear for a few months sailing the waters of the Pacific Ocean.”
“I... Can’t, I have to do...”
“Do what?” Louis holds me, “You have no job to go to. We’re in the middle of a pandemic, and the likelihood is the world will head into an apocalypse and everyone will turn into zombies. Come with us. I want you. Anastasia wants you to come too...”
I pause, thinking about every word he has said. Then Anastasia starts cooing, her hands touching my nose. I kiss her on the forehead, gosh, she’s so cute. She smiles and utters the word mama.
My heart sinks so deep, that tears spill. A lot hitting me. How can someone as undeserving as me be in a situation so good.
Louis starts the boat up and says, “Oh my God! It’s her first word. I can’t believe it! Now you’ve gotta come with us, Samantha.”
“If she wants me to go.” I said, “Let’s go.”
Louis reverses out and we sail out into the Auckland harbour. Waters with a sheen of golden light - headed to a destination unknown, but with Louis and Anastasia this new journey I'm on... It is with the ones I love.
And deep down...
I know they love me too.


Thank you for reading Indigo Ink.

Please visit my Facebook page for more Romance stories. Everything is connected.
Calibrate / Recalibrate Interlink with Indigo ink

David Manoa – Romance Writer will return in the Romance Suspense Thriller

Crescendo – With Tyler Salt and Melina Ragus (Dec 2020)

There is plenty more there for you.

Thanks again,

David






































Recalibrate


~~~


David Manoa


Copyright 2020 David Manoa
SMASHWORDS Edition
v. 2.1

~~~~

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as
the author of this work.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including photocopying, recording, information storage and retrieval systems, or otherwise, without prior permission in writing from the author, with the exception of a book reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a review.

~~~~~~


Central Police Station
Auckland
New Zealand

“She’s charging me with attempted murder? Are you kidding me?” Braith cries.
In a police interview room, Braith Deveraux explores his surroundings. A green linoleum floor reeks of bleach. White cinder block walls etched with graffiti. A stainless-steel square table and two intimidating cops staring at him waiting for him to confess. They introduce themselves as Detectives Tevita Suarvea and Max Paratai.
To his left side is a two-way mirror, he stares at his bruised right eye. Bloodshot, he can barely wink. Pain like someone is squeezing his eyeball. His black hair is all matted with sweat, jaw aching.
In front of him two imposing figures, both over six foot with muscly builds and tribal tattoos on their left arms. They argue over new information that came to light. 
Braith shifts his weight to lean his shoulder on the wall to release the tension on the right side of his body. He presses his toes through his shoes as the detective interviewing him tries to make him admit to his crime. Every word Braith says in defense, falls on deaf ears. Frustrated he stares up at the fluorescent light beaming into his eyes, hoping this is all an illusion.
SLAM!
Braith shudders then sneers at Detective Suarvea. His disheveled face and piecing stare fills Braith's body with fear, the sinew in his jaw pulses. A scar on the right eye; someone who obviously seen and heard it all. The polystyrene cup tips and the water streams across the table onto his pants. Braith watches it soak his crotch area.
Max Paratai leaves the room and Braith is left alone with the detective nicknamed Rooks, who gets in Braith's face, breathing down on him. “Listen cocksucker, stop lying to me... I have you on video.”
Braith shakes his head “It's not what you think! Play the sound! She was fine! There is no way she can say she almost died. It’s bullshit! I can lead in with conversation to give context to my actions.”
“Context?” Detective Suarvea, cracks up laughing, “I don't need sound to see what the fuck you were doing, wife beater. Look at the size of you. You dwarf her.”
“She's not my wife.”
“Whatever. It’s cockroaches like you I despise thinking there’s an excuse to your actions. But it’s innocent before proven guilty, right? You can save me a lot of paperwork and the taxpayer money. I ain't got time to turn up to court hearings while my whole city burns with scum worse than you.”
The cop plays the video again, Braith tries remembering what was said word for word. Before he is able to open his mouth, he is interrupted by a knock at the door.
It opens. There are two women at the door. The one he loves followed by the one he… strangled?

***
Braith Deveraux

Six months before.

In my apartment, 46 floors high. I reflect as the last line of yellow light begins to diminish. Day turns to night. Messed up, turns to total disaster. Today, I found out my colleague Louis Waters knocked up my fiancé, Lauren. And Lauren had the nerve to say it was my baby.
News like this shatters my mind. Dulls my senses. Throws my world into disarray. At least, the first taste of whiskey is of some comfort. Comfort. I hold my glass up against the window as streaks of sunlight make the liquor look like liquid gold before looking like molasses minutes later. I replay the jaded memory of me confronting Louis and I pretty much beat an admission out of him. Unfortunately, I did it at work. In front of my boss, Geoff Caracas, and the whole board of directors.
After security kicked me out, I got the call minutes later from Geoff that I was fired from my job at Caracas Ltd. So here I am with my friend, Claire Deville, soaking in the moment of my realized unemployment. I went into detail about my future plans then gave her a big hug. God, it felt so good. I needed it.
I said, “With you by my side, I’m ok.” I held Claire for a while longer. A kind of hug which felt like a relief, I won't be alone in the next stage of my life. I let go and for a brief second, I sense the hesitation in Claire.
“What's wrong?” I ask.
“The business idea you had. Will it take some time to set up?”
“A month, maybe two max. I'll need you to help me set up before it all starts officially.” 
“How can you afford to pay me?” she says, “You need money to lease a building for an office and all those other expenses in starting a business.”
“You're in the office right now, baby.”
She rolls her eyes. The line seemed bad ass for Denzel Washington in Training day.
I smile, “I might be fired, but it doesn’t mean I walk out of Caracas Ltd empty-handed. I have my company superannuation, along with shares.”
“I can't accept being paid out of your superannuation. I'm better off just finding a job, till you get set up. I'll come and work for you then.”
“No way. I need you Claire, to handle all the administration while I get myself out there and pitch for business. You'll be my right-hand man.”
Claire raised a brow.
I flinched, brain spasm, “I mean woman.”
Her shoulder drops an inch, to some relief, “Ok, but please be organized this time around. I still think you haven't thought this through.”
The whiskey tingles in the back of my throat when suddenly there is a knock at the door. I turn and the front door is pushed in. Louis. He has his hands at his hips. Beads of sweat drip across his big-ass forehead. His comb over spiking up like a rooster. He takes off his grey suit jacket.
“What the hell are you doing here Louis?” I asked.
“Geoff said you’re fired. I'm sorry Braith.”
I shrugged, “Well, you got everything you wanted. You won! Happy now?”
Louis looked down for a moment, “I came to say I'm sorry for sleeping with Lauren.”
I slammed my empty glass on the table. “Well Louis, I'm sorry as well.”
Louis frowned. “What do you mean?”
“Well, you are going to be a father now. If I were you, you should be talking to Lauren about that role and I hope you have deep pockets ‘cause Lauren and the baby are gonna be high maintenance. That's for damn sure.”
“Lauren still thinks you're the daddy! She wants you to do a paternity test.”
“Listen, the baby ain't mine unless she's the virgin Mary. Which she ain't!”
Louis has his hands by his hips, brows furrowed, “How do you know for sure?”
“Because I had a vasectomy a week after I met Lauren. I have the receipt for the appointment, I'll email the PDF to you. I never wanted kids. Ever.”
“She never knew you snipped the tube?”
“No.”
Louis breathes a sigh of relief. He pats his chest. He smiles. “Phew. So, you’ve been shooting blanks since you met her. Thank God! The kid is really mine. Woo hoo! I always wanted to be a father, Braith. I love kids.”
My eyes flick to Claire who tries to hold back a laugh. “Well I guess a real kid will change your perspective on things, rather than the kids, otherwise known as sales cadets, you like to terrorize in the sales office.”
Louis chuckles, “Yes, my own flesh and blood. Moving forward my life will be different. I wonder what the kid is going to look like. If it's going to look like me or Lauren or if it's going to be a boy or girl. Man, I want a boy. A son, so I can name him Julius I like how it rolls off my tongue.”
“After Julius Caesar?” I ask.
“God no, not that tyrant. On second thoughts yeah, Louis Jr. A name to build my legacy on.”
I try so hard not to laugh, picturing a Louis mini-me, oompa loompa running around. “You should be hoping the baby is healthy.”
“Of course.” Louis smirks and adjusts his tie. “For what it's worth Braith, I will miss working with you. I always thought your temper would be your downfall. But I forgive you as much as you forgave me. We have history my friend. But in the end, there can only be one top account manager at Caracas. Anyways, I digress, I wish you all the best with your tiresome endeavors.” He flicks his eyes to Claire putting his suit jacket on. He straightens his tie. “You too, my dearest Claire. I guess you lucked out, huh? You could have had me...”
We both watch as Louis leaves. I feel a heavy weight lift off my shoulders. I turn to Claire, who exhales when Louis shuts the door behind him.
“Lucked out? Are you kidding me!” She says, “I'm glad, I don't have to see him again.”
“Trust me. In life they always get replaced in some way or form.”
“Not when you're the boss of your new company.”
“Perhaps. I'm crunching the numbers in my head.”
“Any idea what your company name will be?”
How about, “Army of two?”
“No. Sounds stupid.”
“Well, I guess I'm open to any suggestions.”
“I noticed your comment about children. Did you really have surgery for a vasectomy?”
I sigh, “Yes.”
“I never knew you were so against having kids. Pretty drastic move if you ask me.”
“For personal reasons.”
“Well?” she folds her arms, “Please elaborate. I'm interested in your rationale.”
“We may be friends, but we don't have to tell each other everything?”
“We don't. I find it interesting that you are so against it. To go to the extreme length of going under the knife for it. Gosh, what's wrong with condoms?”
“They don't stock large sizes.”
Claire cracks up, “Whatever. I'm curious, in a vasectomy, do they cut the tube that makes the sperm? Does that mean you don't come anymore?” she flinches, “Where does it go?”
I shake my head. “Obviously somebody learned nothing in sex education class. Ah... Catholic girls school upbringing. TMI. Claire... TMI.”
“What? I'm only wondering. I never came across anyone who did it. Do they tie the tube that sends the sperm? Oh, my god, what happens when it all builds up? Ah, is that what they mean by blue balls. It might explain why you always have a temper?”
“Should I neuter myself?”
“Your body, your life. I can get two rocks and do it for you.” She laughs.
Be my guest, had it been done sooner I would avoided all this drama. I go quiet, steeping with my thoughts. Lauren pregnant... Kids...
Claire nudges me, “You can think aloud you know.”
“Okay, jeez! At this time in my life. I'm not ready for children. I made it clear with Lauren, but I never trusted her to take the pill. For all I knew, she could have been popping Tic-Tacs, instead of the pill. Hence, the surgery. I guess I wanted to wait till my whole life situation got better.”
“Life situation huh?” She scratches the side of her head. “Hang on, you said you didn't tell her, you had the vasectomy? Why would you have her take the pill anyway?”
“To make my intentions clear from the start and as a backup for me. There is a one in a one hundred chance that vasectomies fail.”
Claire shakes her head, “Damn, you definitely don't want kids.”
“What about you? You seem like you want them. You would be in your prime years of rearing a child. I hear from my friends' people are putting off kids till their early 40s.”
“Oh God no. I'd never want to have a child at 40. By the time they are in their teens, I won't be fit enough to run around with them. I'd like to be young enough, so I can...”
I raise a brow, “Go to the nightclub with them?”
“No.”
“Spank them when they're naughty?”
“Course not. So, when I retire, they would be out of the goddamn house!”
“Great point. I guess I'm intimidated by infants. Nappy changing, the crying, does my head in. Ugh.”
Claire laughs, “You are such a wussy. You'd love the experience. Especially your own.”
“Oh, so you're saying you have a child from a previous relationship? How old are you Claire?”
“I'm 28. I'm saying from the experience of my friends.”
“They're all having babies?”
“My friends are older than me, you dingbat.”
“Oh, explains your maturity.”
“Or my lost youth.” She sighs.
“What do you mean?” 
“You grow up quick having friends who are five years older than you. Before I thought I was sensible by being around older people, but you realize you are living a life based on their experiences and opinions.”
“Not a bad thing. When I was your age, I was blowing my money on expensive cars and high maintenance women. I could have had two houses with the money I spent. To be 28 again; to turn the clock back ten years. The way I was before... So many regrets. I cringe thinking of it all.”
“Ha. I don't think you would have listened to anyone and still made the same mistakes. Mr. Lamborghini.”
I hold my hands up, “Which I sold!”
“Only because your ex told you to. To get that fancy SUV of yours. The family wagon.”
“Yeah. She was starting to acquire things like she was planning to be pregnant, upon reflection. The spare room cleared out for no reason. The magazines. The subtle hints. Feeding me a healthy diet.”
I pour another drink when there is the sound of knocking at the door. Loud. Like someone pounding their fist.
I say, “Who the hell could this be?”
I open the door and it's Geoff Caracas, my boss. He has a handkerchief wiping the sweat from his forehead and bald head. His gut poking out like a balloon. Great timing for the elevator to be out of service today. All these fat bastards are getting a workout.
“Jesus, you’re gonna have a heart attack, Geoff!” I say, “What do you want? I'll come into work tonight and clear out my things.”
“May I come in?” Geoff is still huffing and puffing leaning against the frame of the door. “I need to talk to you. It’s important.”
“Why?” I say, “You here to tell me in person? You want the personal satisfaction of saying I'm fired!”
He holds his hands up. “I apologize for what I said. The board was there, so I had to. The last thing I want is for them to think I am weak. I'm sorry for the words I said. I didn't mean them, son.”
“It was an Oscar-winning performance. But you know what? I'm sick of you thinking you have the axe, threatening me all the time with my job. So here is my confirmation in four words. Fuck. You. I. Quit!”
“No, no, no. Braith relax.” He exhales, “You’re overreacting. I need you back.” He coughs, clearing his throat, “Please?”
I let out a chuckle. God, this asshole is desperate! “You fire me and now you want to hire me. Tell me the truth. Why do you want me back?”
Geoff points at the stool and sits down. I hand him a drink. He flicks his eyes to Claire then frowns. “The hell is she doing here?”
Claire is about to go when I motion her to stay. “You need to listen to this.” I say to Claire. She sits with a puzzled expression. Geoff undoes his tie, tugging down to breathe.
“Listen Braith. The board convenes once a year. So, for the most of it, I am left to my own devices. In saying though, I had big plans for you until you decided to go postal. The heck were you thinking, going all psycho up there?”
“Well, Louis fucked my fiancé and now she’s pregnant. What did you expect?”
Geoff takes a sip, “Ah... so the plot thickens. Well karma has a way of biting you in the ass, doesn't it? How many times have I told you to keep your dick in your pants? How many times have I warned you about women?”
“I wasn't the one doing the fucking.”
Geoff shrugs, “Revenge sex. You fucked up somehow, now Lauren fucks up. Times are changing and I thought being a sugar daddy was embarrassing.”
“You should take your own advice before giving it. Mister four divorces.”
Geoff grins, “Which means I only got caught four times. I am willing to give you anything you want if you come back. Name your price. I can negotiate fast tracking you into management. How would that feel son? The gold plaque with General Manager on your door after a couple of months.” Geoff folds his arms and sits up. “That’s my offer.”
I roughly calculate the money needed to start my business and what I would receive from Caracas. I would be short two hundred thousand.
“Can I have a private word with Claire?”
Geoff frowns, “Why? She resigned today. This has nothing to do with her!”
“Yes, it does.” I say, “In fact, my decision hinges on her expert opinion.”
“Expert opinion? She files your paperwork and answers phones. Probably other stuff too.” Geoff takes a swig, giving Claire a dirty look. He checks his phone. “Speaking of gold diggers, I have to get back to the office. I'll give you the night to think about it, so that your balls grow back. I'll see you in my office tomorrow. There's something else that happened to Tricia Stanton I need to tell you about.”
“What happened?”
Geoff stands and drains the rest of the glass. “I'll tell you in detail when you come back to work for me. We may have a new starter as well. I received her contract an hour ago.” He licks his lips which gives me the creeps. “She's a big part too. A late edition who will change the future of this company. My legacy.”
“Legacy, if you wanted a legacy, treating people nicer would be first port of call. Cheaper too. I'll entertain the idea of coming back. If! I come back.”
Geoff smiles knowing my dumb ass will be back. He has this knack of reading me like an open book due to the years of working for him. I turn to Claire whose arms are folded leaning against the wall in the lounge.
“C'mon Braith you can't go back there!” She says.
“This is the first time I've been in front of him with an open checkbook with his pants down. Do you realize how significant and rare this is?”
Claire rolls her eyes, “Ew! I'm trying not picture it but there you go again, thinking of yourself.”
“No Claire, us! My condition on coming back is a raise for me and you, a package deal.”
“You could pay me a million dollars Braith. I would never work for Louis again.”
“You work with me again. Like the old times, no drama. No problems. No Louis.”
Claire blinks repeatedly and heads for the window. City skyscrapers have all lit up. Traffic below is lines of streaming stoplights flickering. The world keeps moving and so should we.
“I don't know Braith... when I was working with you, I felt...”
“Under-utilized and under-appreciated.”
“Yes, and underpaid. But there was something else...”
I hold her, “Well, I can fix the last one tomorrow if you ride with me.”
“Ride on what?” she says, “A horse or a donkey?”
“It's a saying. Like, Ride or die chick.”
“Huh? Why hell would I ride and die? Am I going on a suicide mission?”
“Forget it. Damn, you are out of touch with pop culture.”
“I blame my upbringing.” She shrugs.
“Yeah, speaking of which. It was funny Louis had me up on not knowing more about you. I didn't know your Mom's name was Martha and you liked to go swimming three times a week. Ah, it explains why you always left at 5pm on the dot Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.”
“Hey, you got to have a work-life balance. Something you should take note of.”
“Guilty as charged. Women need attention.”
Claire smiles, “Like a flower.”
“No.”
She flinches, “What then?”
“Like a garden.”
Claire says nothing, probably confused. “A garden has many flowers. So, what are you trying to say?”
“That my attention has to be on everything and not just the job. Roses, Petunias, Orchids. Potatoes.”
“You know your flowers, the last one was a clever dig.”
“At whom?” 
“Never mind. Speaking of the job... do you think you could nudge the pay up by fifty percent?”
I smile, “Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Claire! Am I hearing what I think right now?”
She chuckles, “I'm entertaining the idea. Don't get too excited, blue balls.”
I laugh, “Fifty percent. I could negotiate, but even Geoff has his limits.”
“A lady has bills you know. Telephone bills. Car bills.”
Remembering the Destiny’s Child song, we sit on the sofa. I turn on the lights. Illuminating the room with hues of soft orange light. I take out my phone and order a pizza.
I say, “Pepperoni and cheese, right?”
“Extra cheese.” Claire says licking her lips.
“Done.”
I order and place my phone on the table. We sit silent for a while and stare out watching the skyscrapers which look like Christmas trees. Moments of reflection, so much to take in. Life is going too fast.
She says, “I wonder what happened to Tricia Stanton?”
“I guess we'll find out tomorrow.”
Claire jolts, “I didn't say I would accept. I'll sleep on it.”
“I am confident I can get you the 50%.”
“Can I have my own office? Instead of being at the makeshift desk outside your office?”
“Now you're pushing it. Remember, I have Louis’ office so you would be at the desk across from me so technically you have your own office.”
Claire smiles. “Working closer together huh? I want to go on record that I would prefer you starting your own company, right?”
“I know. I still want to do it and be free of Geoff but a couple of years on this good money will set us up. I won't have to struggle as much to get it off the ground.”

Claire takes out her phone to check her messages. She frowns, seemingly puzzled.
“What's wrong?” I ask.
“My friend got a job at Caracas. She said she’s working for you?”
“Wow, Geoff is really counting his chickens before they hatch. This must be the great plan he's talking about. What is your friend's name?”
“Samantha Cohen.”
“How old is she?”
“Thirty. Turned the big three zero last month I think.”
Her friend brings back a lot of memories for her. She scrolls through her album and shows me Samantha’s old photos with Claire while growing up.
Claire bites her lip, “Seven years she's had my phone number. Not a text, or a call. She doesn't even have Facebook. A friend of a friend said she was married then divorced. Don't know long she was married. Apparently, it was some guy named Reuben at her work.”
“It would be recent.”
“How do you know?”
“She's texting you, now right?”
She chuckles, “Good point.”
“I'd classify her as the friend who only rings or texts when they want something. Kinda like Louis.”
“So, he is your friend?”
I pause, “Is there a word called Frenemy?”
She laughs, “I guess it's all settled, with me not coming back.”
“Hell no. You're my ride or die chick remember?”
“I'm not anyone's chick. If Samantha is starting tomorrow to do my job, it seals off my future there.”
“I'll make sure Samantha isn't hired.”
“No way! I can't do that to my friend.”
“Oh! You mean the friend who doesn't bloody contact you for seven years!”
“Yes, but we grew up together. She's pretty much family. It's better if I find a job somewhere else. There are thousands of jobs out there.”
“Grass isn't always greener. Work with what you know and who you know. I promise, I'll make it work.”
Claire goes all tight-lipped and checks her phone again. “She’s messaged me now to come over to her house to celebrate.”
“Damn. Why would she not call the first time after seven years? Damn, your generation are so antisocial. You want to go?”
Claire rushes to the mirror by the door and flicks back her hair. “Umm... I don't know. I like a little notice to get ready. It’s an hour’s drive too.”
I raise an eyebrow, “Can we both go?” I say, “I am her new boss and all.”
“Be kind of awkward. Both of us being there.”
“Yeah guess so. You go to the party and I'll negotiate our deal with Geoff. Remember Louis needs an assistant too so maybe we can do the bait and switch.”
“Bait and switch?”
“Jeez, you really did have a strict upbringing, or have been living under a rock.”
Claire smiles and stands, “I'll check out the party, but I'll catch up with you tomorrow night.”
“Ok.” My phone vibrates and its Louis calling me. I answer the call and listen to the news Louis just told me...
***
Claire Deville

Party@ Samantha Cohen's
9pm.
632 Gladstone Rd
Ponsonby
Auckland

Where do I start with Samantha? It's funny when growing up with a childhood friend. Kindergarten, primary school, high school, that connection you have so close becoming distant years later, then out of nowhere a text after seven years of silence. Maybe Braith was right.
Samantha was there for me when I had no friends at school and there for me when my parents split, we shared common experiences. I always admired her confidence and drive, traits I wish I had. I mostly had positive memories of her. 
Her experience opened my eyes to men. Breaking down my shyness and building up my confidence. I got the courage to date two guys from my last job. Not at the same time, I must add. For me, I had the inclination to fall in love with the people I work with. Maybe it was easier that way, getting to know the person under the guise of work. That about sealed it for me and workplace relationships after being burned the last time... Graham. The reason why I made a pact to never date a coworker, though, with those feelings I have for Braith. It's all going down a familiar path... 
I pull up at Samantha's house after driving an hour and a half to Hamilton from Auckland. It is a three-bedroom brick house, with a grey tiled roof. She painted over the red bricks with black paint giving it a modern appearance. She's standing on the deck lighting the citronella candles, the floral scent drifts right over to me. She still is as stunning as ever. Shoulder length blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes and gosh, her wasp-like figure still hasn't changed, the luxury of a high metabolism allowing her to eat whatever she wants. 
She spots me crossing the street, and she bolts over to hug me. She's wearing dark blue skinny jeans, black Chuck Taylors and a dark purple blouse with a big knot at the front exposing her cleavage. 
“Hey girl!” she says in her spirited tone of voice, so obvious she's more than two wines in. She kisses me on the lips. Okay... five wines in. Gosh her face looks the same after seven years, barely a wrinkle on her.
“Hey, Samantha! Where is everyone?” I ask as I stare at her flawless face.
“It's just us two.” She taps my shoulder then her own.
I raise a brow, “Really?”
“Well, I’ve had everyone since lunchtime, so we were done a few hours ago. I'm so sorry I haven't been in contact.”
“A call would be ok, you know.”
“I was a bit scared… with it being so long.”
“You scared?” 
Samantha smiles, “A little.”
“I love what you have done to the place. I saw a for sale sign out the front. What's up with that?”
“I want to find an apartment to rent closer to work. To travel a couple of hours each day to Caracas will do my head in.”
“I quite liked the drive to your place, it’s quite therapeutic.” I say, “Any buyers on the house.”
“I'm actually finalizing a deal. Won't feel right till the money is in my bank account. Then I will remove the sign. I argued with the real estate agent as he wanted to slap the sold sticker on it. I will sure need the money with the things I want to do.”
Samantha smiles and hands me a glass of wine, and we head into her lounge. Gosh, there really was a party here. Half empty platters of dip and chips. Pate and dry crackers. Empty wine bottles, beer cans, balloons.
I say, “I hope you didn't bring me over to clean up the mess?”
“I could use a helper...”
We sit on her black leather bean bags on her deck. Samantha goes to light another candle when she rejoins me. This whole house is one she got from the divorce… 
“How did you come about the job at Caracas?” I ask.
She points up at the arrangement of solar lights in the trusses, they light whole place with a coat of orange light giving our skin the appearance of a deep tan. “So... Geoff is Reuben's best mate, and we caught up maybe a few months ago at a conference and I told him I wasn't happy where I was working.”
“What? Reuben is still there at Pacifica Enterprises?” I ask. “You married him right?”
“Worked with him for seven years. Married him the last four. Divorced his ass last year. Now I quit.”
“Story of your life…”
She shrugs, “Got to look after number one, girl.”
“Tell me the truth. What happened there?”
She scratches her nose, “I was at that point in my life where I carried Reuben. Did absolutely everything for that numbskull. I never got kudos or appreciation for the things I did for him.
You should have seen his face when I handed in my resignation, he was begging me to stay. Over the period of seven years I didn't get any pay increases, even when I asked, he kept promising and making pathetic excuses. In the end, I was just sick of it.”
“I know how you feel... It wasn't because of what happened, right?”
Her eyes widen, she flinches. “Course not. Nothing to do with the divorce, it was professional.”
“How did the interview with Geoff go?”
“What interview?”
“You mean he didn't bring you in for one?”
“He rang me and said I start on Monday.”
“What! Don't you have to give the company time to find a replacement?”
“Stuff them. I told them I'm quitting, and Reuben started saying he would give me a pay rise. I said to him, straight in the eye, when? He hesitated... said he would talk to management and get back to me.”
“Yeah right. I’ve heard those responses before.”
“Exactly. I collected my things and left. I'm not concerned, I can imagine Reuben running around like a headless chicken. He has no idea what I do or how to do my job. Serves him right. Serves them all right.”
I raise my glass. “A toast to your new job. So, what is your role at Caracas exactly?”
“Account manager slash Personal Assistant, Geoff said it would lean more on the Personal Assistant side to start with but I want to get a senior account management job eventually... Geoff said I am working with Braith Deveraux.”
“Oh. They moved quickly on my old job.”
“Huh?”
I nod, “I resigned this morning,”
“Claire, no! Why? I thought you loved it there. Gosh, I'm so rude. I never asked what you did there.”
“Too busy in your own world?” I say, “Miss, I don't make contact after seven years.”
“Let it go will ya! You have to keep busy if you want keep eating, girl!”
“Gosh, you still use that line. I wanted a change, but you should know also Braith was fired that afternoon as well.”
“Geoff never told me.”
“Oh, and he was at Braith's apartment two hours later to beg him to come back.”
“What a merry go round! The hell is going on at Caracas?”
I let out a breath. “Trust me it’s a long story and since I'm here, you better get my bottle of the finest Pinot Gris from the wine holder. You have my brand, right?”
Samantha smiles and heads out, “One bottle coming right up. This story better be good.”
“For sure, when you start on Monday, it will be interesting to see how everything plays out.”

***
Braith Deveraux

Louis the dropnuts douchebag

After my call with Louis, he wanted to meet me at this place called the Reilly Tavern. I spot Louis at the table outside. The outdoor gas heaters light up the red brick walls. The big bouncer in his black leather trench coat blows hot breath into his hands. I wave a fifty dollar note to dodge the queue. I duck under the velvet rope to spot Louis poking his index finger into the candle flame. He is dressed in a grey hoodie and grey track pants looking a prowler. I sit in front of him. Louis pulls the hoodie over more and checks his corners. He's twitchy and erratic. Sweaty. Guilty.
“Is there a reason why you are dressed in a hoodie?” I say, “You never wear casual gear.”
Louis leans over, “I'm dressed inconspicuously, so I'm not followed.”
I fold my arms and look around, “By whom? Lauren's dad?”
His eyes shift side to side, he whispers, “I don't know, by the police, FBI, CIA.”
“Is there an APB out for a pedophile?”
“Very funny Braith. The police are investigating Hunter International, your old client and now my client. I heard rumors they were in last week to speak with Geoff.”
“Don't be ridiculous. What the hell happened?”
“Tricia Stanton.”
“What about her?”
“She was arrested for fraud I believe, so every account she was looking after is under investigation. I am trying to find out more.”
I swallow a lump, knowing I'm guilty of facilitating the bribe to her to keep the account. I peer to my side, I lean in to Louis. “So why would you think you'd be guilty of anything?”
“You know how the cops are. Willing to twist anything to take people down, they might try and frame me!”
“Hold on Louis. What did you do?”
Louis squeezes his eyes shut, “Nothing. The police make me nervous.”
“You sure?”
“I swear on the bible.” He flinches, “I mean my conscience.”
“Relax Louis. You'll be fine. In other news, you might take delight in, Geoff has retracted his notice in firing me.”
Louis pulls his hood back exposing his f’ugly face. He slams his fists on the table. “What! I heard Geoff fire you on the phone in front of the whole bloody board!”
“Yeah well, turns out Geoff must have attended the same bad acting classes you did.”
“Say again?” he rubs his eyes. “I take it you'll be doing your old job again?”
“Yes, as originally intended. Bar the Hunter International account.”
Louis says nothing, his frown goes to a wry smile, you can almost see the cogs turn in his calculating brain. “Oh, So I keep the account. Good. I’m relieved. I'm glad you're coming back…”
“What?” I scratch the back of my head. “A moment ago, you almost broke this table.”
He paused, “To be honest I'm glad because it's not the same around Caracas with you gone. It's like Batman and the Joker, nothing is the same in Gotham without Batman.”
“I have asked Claire to come back too.”
Louis' eyes lit up. “Great!”
“But I want her to work for me.”
He strokes his chin, “We'll have to negotiate on my best assistant. Give me your most generous offer.”
“Claire works for me, and she will take care of the cadets. You also get the new girl. Samantha. Geoff is mentioning good things about her.”
“Done. I like the cherry on top too. I will be interested in how Samantha fits in here. I asked Geoff about her, and he fobbed me off saying to keep my dick in my pants.”
“Not bad advice.” I laugh.
Louis shrugs, “Besides, I wasn't too keen on getting the sales cadets back again. I’ve had enough of them.” 
“So, with Tricia gone, who has taken her place at Hunter International?”
“I'm yet to find out. That's what is making me paranoid because the police do want to talk to me at some point. Though with Lauren being pregnant, I’ve got bigger worries. I'm not to sure what to do next? Maybe I’ll ask her to move in with me.”
“Be a start. I have a lot shit in the spare room of the apartment that you need to take. You almost have a head start. Have you talked to her?”
“I have. She wants to have the baby, and she agreed I can assist, after I told her everything. I appreciate you sending the receipt. That shut her right up.”
“Louis, the police weren't the only reason why you brought me here are they?”
He exhales, “Yes, I had an agenda or two. I don't know Lauren well and with the baby situation, I am wondering if you could give me some insight into her.”
“As in?”
“What's she's like as a person?”
“A lying cheating bitch is a start.”
“C'mon Braith. Help a brother out here.”
“Brother? You don't have the right to use the word.” I raise a brow, “After all you did? Give me a break Louis.”
Louis goes quiet. “You know I'm excited and terrified at the same time of being a father. All my life I've always looked out for number one and now. To know I'm bringing a life into this world... It's making me see things a lot differently.” 
I say. “Excited and terrified. Have you always wanted children?”
“I have Braith. It's why worked my ass off to climb the corporate ladder, so I could be in a position to provide everything for my kids. I had it all played out in my mind, to set myself up to be rich and wealthy. Only I seemed to be cursed in finding someone.”
“Yeah, be very difficult to find a woman who matches you.”
“What are you trying to say?”
I flinch, “Matches your intellect.”
“Oh. Yes, for sure. Lauren is, let’s just say, not on the highly intellectual side.”
“Well it looks like opposites attract. Did you have younger brothers or sisters?” 
“No, I was an only child. I had my uncle Albert and his children, I loved looking after them as a kid. I raised those boys making them the men they are today.”
“The same way you treat the cadets?”
“Oh God no. They’re not family. The cadets are a means to an end.”
I order a round, Louis asks for a cocktail and I get a Corona. Louis spins the umbrella around, then flicks his eyes to the rock band, Blackened, playing. He jolts when he spots two cops looking around, working the room. Louis puts his hood back on and turns his chair to me. Back facing the cops.
He says, “Oh my God they're looking for me. Geoff narked me out.”
I laugh as I realize the cops are checking IDs for underage drinkers.
I say, “They’re coming our way.”
Louis hunches down and squeezes his eyes shut. The cops turn a corner and leave with an underage drinker.
I grab Louis and shout, “Freeze!”
Louis jolts and screams like a bitch causing everyone in the bar to stop and stare. I crack up laughing and pull Louis away as we leave. To be honest I miss the guy and as much as he wronged me in the past, I just can't hate the guy. Sure, I get mad. Only moments like these make it all worthwhile. 
***

Caracas Offices
Monday Morning

To walk back into office after my scuffle was a bit disconcerting. The stares from everyone like they saw a ghost. At least when I walk past the sales cadets they leap up to give me a hero's welcome. Salutes and cheers fill the room. Rodger comes up to me again and fills me in on what happened before I'm interrupted by Geoff's booming voice behind me that gives me a rising sensation in my balls. Like I'm on a high ledge or something.
I turn and see Geoff by the door hiking his thumb pointing into his office. He shuts the door behind him and sits behind his desk.
Geoff smooths his hand over his face. “I'm glad you decided to come back.”
“If you accept my terms.”
“Shoot.”
“No, I want your confirmation in writing.” I slide him a piece of paper, and he stares at it.
Geoff rolls his eyes, “You another snowflake?”
“Course not.” I say, “Read it.”
Geoff reads our list of demands, his jaw grinding, before staring at me.
He says, “Fine.” He points, “But you get your ass back to work.”
“I will, once you sign below.”
Geoff grunts and takes out his gold Parker pen to sign. Reading line by line what I want.
“What about Claire?” I ask.
“You want her back? Fine. Claire's your responsibility. I have no qualms with the new girl working with Louis, the idiot will need all the help he can get. Just know Samantha has a plethora of experience so don't ignore her if you need help on some jobs.”
“Trust me, Louis will keep her busy now that his baby on the way.”
Geoff cracks up, “I never thought Snowflake had it in him. I always thought he was queer after that video he showed all of us. I'm surprised, he's still breathing after what he did to you. It’s one thing to sleep with another man’s lady but to get her pregnant…”
“To be honest, I was angry but not so much I would kill the guy. Things had kind of drifted apart already between me and Lauren.”
“Can't blame you. The bitch was around here like this dead moose on my wall.” Geoff shakes his head and stares at it. “Let me give you my philosophy about relationships.”
“Please don't.”
Geoff adjusts his red tie. “If I could go back in time and tell my younger self what not to do with the women I’ve had I'd be a billionaire. Braith, lesson no 1. Nothing lasts forever. Emotions change, People change. Passion changes. I've been through four painful divorces to know.”
“Painful?”
Geoff exhales, “Expensive...”
I pause, biting my tongue trying not laugh. Geoff stands, pacing slowly like a giant moose to the front of his desk. He sits. The desk creaks. The poor desk is going to give way anytime soon.
“Final lesson. Trust your judgment and don't be influenced by your significant other.”
“I don't have that problem.”
“Good. Then handle Claire, so she is not a liability.” Geoff laughs, “Now, get out of my office and make me my money.”
“Yes, sir.” Walking away like I was some corporate hooker.
***
I leave Geoff's office amused when I see this attractive woman standing in my office. Five foot six. Medium build, blonde blue eyes. She reminds me of scarlet women of the 1940s. Marilyn Monroe... She takes in a deep breath, smiles and extends her hand. A small girl in a big world for damn sure. 
“Braith? Hi. My name is Samantha Cohen.”
“Nice to meet you.” I pause taking in her voice. Confident. Assertive. The first impression matches the slightly raspy voice. She's attractive. Her handshake firm.
“I thought I would check in with you first before I meet with Louis, he was going to give me an induction, but I can't find him anywhere.”
I check the clock, it is 10 am and Louis is never late. I take out my phone and call him, but he doesn't answer. Where the hell is he?
“Thank you for coming in. I want to let you know, Claire is coming back to work here and you will be working for Louis.”
“Oh great, Claire!” Samantha flinches, “But Louis! The creepy guy who slept with your fiancé?”
“So, Claire told you?”
“It's what friends do, so what?”
“The friend who ghosted Claire for the last seven years?
Samantha’s cheeks flush pink. “It's complicated.”
“I would have thought friends kept that stuff private, as Claire is a close friend too.”
“Braith... females tell each other everything.”
“Odd. Because I never heard about you, until last Friday.”
“Really? She never mentioned me at all? “
“Not at all. Well, you must be happy now Claire is back working here.”
“Slightly happy…”
“C'mon. Louis is not bad to work with.”
“Well, your shining endorsement makes it a lot better...”
“Trust me. Louis will need you as he's dealing with things of his own.”
“The baby... I get it.”
“Yes. I have to go see Claire and tell her the good news that she is now back on the books. Louis will be in any minute now.”
***
Claire Deville
3 pm.

Being unemployed for the day I spend it in front of the TV binge-watching all my favorite Netflix shows. My eyes are sore and my hip aches from being on my side the whole time. There is something about binge-watching which makes you feel all disoriented and, depending on the show, it can make you depressed and now guilty. I look at all the empty packets of chips and chocolate bars scattered around my room. I sit up and pick up my phone to see a few missed calls from Braith and a message from Samantha.
Should've taken my phone off silent.
Braith messaged an hour ago that he is on his way. I look around at the mess. I bolt to the curtains and open them up so afternoon light streams in. Squinting, adjusting to the light I open the window to let fresh air in. I do a quick tidy up when I hear tires scrunching on gravel. It is Braith, getting out of his car with a bunch of flowers.
“You start tomorrow. Congratulations Claire.” Handing me the flowers.
“What no contract? I still need time to think about it.”
“What's there to think about? He said yes to all our demands. Congratulations on the pay rise too. Can I come in?”
I pause to peer into the lounge. TV running. The half-empty packet of biscuits on the table. The bottles of soda.
“Don't mind if I do,” Braith says as he brushes past to sit on the sofa.
“How was Samantha's first day?”
“It was good apart from her finding out she is working with Louis.”
I face palm, “Oh my God. You dropped that bomb on her. I told her everything about Louis.”
“Yeah, I would have preferred if you’d waited on that one. It wasn't that bad. She was slightly disappointed, I gather.”
“Did she act out in a rage or anything?”
Braith raises a brow. “No. Is there something I should know about?”
“She is quite, how should I say... Shoots straight from the hip.”
“Yeah, she did show some reservation to it, maybe because it was her first day.”
“So how does this work out? I just rock on up to work and continue as normal. Doing everything for you?”
“I guess so. I put a clause in too, coffee and donuts have to be on my desk at 9 am sharp.”
“Ha! You’re precious, aren't you?”
Braith laughs, “I'm joking. Odd though and how come she knew all about me and not vice versa?”
“Didn't think it was important, she was out of the picture for the last seven years. It's girl talk, like a brain dump with no filters.”
“A privacy filter would have been nice as well... anyways I got a returned phone call from Louis that the police may want to interview him.”
Claire's eyes widen, “Over what?”
“I don't know. My guess if Tricia Stanton was fleecing us with the bribes she must have been doing it with other customers and now she's been caught. The cops are investigating how deep her fraud has spread. Explains why Louis was reluctant to tell me the truth when I met him at the Reilly Tavern.”
“You think they will get to you?”
“I don't know. I want to talk to Louis about the questions he was getting asked.”

***

Caracas Ltd
The next day

Claire and I share an elevator, holding our coffee’s ready to start the day. We hear the ding of the elevator. The doors part and behold it is Louis, all red-faced. Fanning his face to cool down.
I say, “Louis, you Ok?”
“Oh my God... Oh, my God. I can't believe what happened.” 
“What?”
Louis turns his head to each side and notices the receptionist and a colleague eavesdropping. Louis points to the boardroom and we head in. He turns on the air-conditioning and starts turning the blinds.
“Okay you got to promise me, none of what I'm going to say will leave this room.”
“Ok.”
Louis turns his head towards Claire. “Oh, you too, gossip queen!”
Claire frowns. I nudge her.
“Ok. I won't tell a soul.” She says.
“Oh, and that soul means your friend Samantha too.”
“Ok! Tell us, Louis, the suspense is killing me.”
Louis pulls one of the blinds down and peers out the window for a moment. Then turns around. He says, “I just found out Tricia from Hunter International is facing charges of attempted murder. She tried to kidnap a woman who worked in the marketing department who came across her fraud.” 
I say, “What! So, she was trying to kill this woman because she knew?”
“Yep, so I could have been next, Braith.”
“What happened after?”
“I explained to the police she bribed other suppliers and they should talk to Geoff again. So, we may be off the hook.”
“You glad it's over?”
“Is it ever?” 
Louis heads over to the blinds and starts turning them around when I see Samantha start to walk past. Louis' points and Samantha sees all of us. I wave her in.
“Louis, please meet Samantha Cohen, she will be your new personal assistant.”
Samantha raises a brow, “And Account Manager.”
Louis licks his lips, his eyes are wide and googly. Like he's fallen in love.
Louis says, “Samantha... it's great to meet you, my dear.”
I raised a brow, watching Samantha appear hesitant and very uncomfortable. Louis takes her by the arm and starts his induction around the office.
“Poor girl. I can almost recite the words Louis is going to say. You know she will quit because she is working with Louis.”
Braith rubs his eyes, “I spoke with Samantha and said to give him a chance.”
“How many chances do we give this guy? He cheated with your fiancé. He tried to undermine your job.”
“And I cheated with Tricia so I’m no angel either. I think Louis is starting to realize his mistakes. I had a one-to-one chat with him and he's becoming a changed man.”
“Trust me. Men never change. They say they do, they promise you the world. They always go back to how they are. It's how Louis is built.”
“You said men before... harsh generalization, don't you think?” I say, “And please don't put me in the same bracket as him.”
Her eyes are red, “Sorry. I meant Louis.”
***
Braith Deveraux

Claire leaves the room, and I am left perplexed by the things she said. I leave the boardroom to see Samantha laugh with Louis as they become acquainted. I guess people do change. Geoff nudges me in the arm passing by.
“I see Snow-white and Snowflake are getting along quite nicely...” he says, stroking his beard.
“So it appears.” Damn, I can lip-read Louis telling her his repetitive dry ass jokes. “For now...”
Geoff pointed to the bathrooms, “I came out of there and saw Claire rushing to the ladies bawling her eyes out. The hell is wrong with her?”
“She'll be fine.”
Geoff folds his arms, giving me his steely gaze. “Anything I should be concerned about?”
“No.”
He points at me, “Remember, Claire's your baggage. If she can't keep her shit together, don't hesitate to fire her!”
I say nothing and let Geoff brush past me and head into Louis’ office to give him a spray too. Welcome to Caracas Ltd, Braith. Welcome... Back.

***

I head to the sales office to set up the projector. I give Claire the heads up on the money saving initiative Geoff threw me head first into. What a way to earn a pay rise by first cutting costs to bankroll our new salaries. Cheeky prick. I check the time, 3 pm. Meeting time. All the boys are relieved to have the last two hours off the phones listening to me babble on when Claire comes in pushing a tray of beers. Chips and dip. Like ants drawn to sugar, the boys grabbed them and became more conversational and attentive. I think... I flick to the first slide which is a picture of a thermometer. It show them the target of two million Geoff wanted to reach.
I say, “Gentlemen, each of you manages or liaises with all departments of Caracas Ltd. We want you to think of ways we can save the company money. Any ideas?”
Rodger checks for a response from the other cadets who say nothing. He puts up his hand. He says, “How about firing Louis? You'll have 250k right there.”
Everyone in the room laughs. It wasn't a bad idea, to be honest.
I say, “Apart from firing or redundancies which are not an option for now, I hope... Think of initiatives where we can save the company money. Even if its small, everything compounds and makes a big difference. Any ideas?”
One guy says, “We can save on the electricity bill by going with LED lighting. The warehouse is so huge we could save lots more if we had solar panels installed. Free energy right there and if we generate any excess it goes to the grid and the power company pays us money!”
“Great idea. You can project manage it with Rodger and make it come to fruition. Any other ideas?”
More of the boys came forward and put through ideas. It is good to see them take ownership in the place they work at. I'm a strong believer if people treat their workplace as their own house it will change their attitudes. All these years these guys were being oppressed by Louis to do his bidding and work hard under fear. The happy faces on these guys being involved and opening up to something different is a joy. Rodger puts up a hand again.
“Yes.”
“I had this idea that could work here as we do it in my flat. We buy in toilet paper that is so cheap. It's one ply though. Maybe we could bulk buy all the consumables like that. Ultra long-life milk, coffee, sugar.”
“Great idea.” I turn to Claire who shakes her head. “What?”
She says, “We are not going to skimp on the toilet paper here boys. Hell, bloody no! One ply is so thin you'd end up with your middle finger up your ass.” 
All the boys laugh but I can see her point. I adjourn the meeting and the boys clear out. I help Claire clean up the mess of pizza boxes and bottles.
“Have you seen Louis?” she asks.
“He was in the office with Samantha. Looked like they were getting chummy.”
Claire says nothing, gathers more bottles to throw to the recycling bin.
“Geoff saw you running to the bathroom crying. Are you ok?”
Claire pauses before dropping the last bottle. She sits and rubs her eyes. “Talking about my past with Samantha brought a lot of emotions back. Talking about my ex, Graham.”
“Damn I never knew about him.”
“For good reason. I blocked him out mentally. Well I tried to. Seems like the pain of it still lives in me.” She wipes her eyes. “I wish Samantha had been there after he broke it off, I didn’t have anyone to talk to.”
“You could have called Samantha?”
She shakes her head. “She took the job in Hamilton at Pacifica Enterprises, said the job had heaps of travel overseas. I guess a part of me didn’t want to reach out because I such a Debbie Downer.” 
“Real friends shouldn’t make you feel that you can’t hesitate to talk about anything. Tell me about this guy, Graham.”
“Maybe it’s me. I don’t know. I loved Graham so much I was actually engaged before I was going to tell Samantha. Then he broke his promise to be with me, saying for the sake of his kids to keep their family together. It broke my heart. Like physically.”
I pause, “What do you mean?”
“Three days after I started to get chest pains and shortness of breath. I went to the hospital, and they pumped me full of drugs to get my heart pumping properly. Being in the bed in my ward alone. With no one to turn to. Depressed.”
I hold Claire as she weeps. I hold her face. “C'mon bring yourself into the present, Claire. That asshole is gone, and you won't have that situation ever again.”
“How do you know?” she cries.
“I know.”
That moment we stare into each other's eyes. Claire's are glassy, it draws me closer. I hold her. I lean forward to kiss her...
KNOCK KNOCK
We turn to see Samantha at the door. She says, “Claire are you Ok?”
Claire steps back, wiping her eyes then smoothing her clothing taking in a deep breath, “Yeah I'm fine.”
She leaves the room and Samantha tries to follow her when Claire asks her to leave her alone. She comes back into the room, gets right in my face, like she is going to head butt me. Jesus!
“What did you say to her, Braith?”
“Nothing, she was telling me about that guy that broke her heart.”
“Graham?”
I nod.
She sighs, stepping back to close the door. She shakes her head then looks up at the lights before blinking. I fill her in on what Claire told me.
Samantha breathes out, “I didn't know she went into hospital. It wasn't supposed to be this way.” 
“Whoa hold on. What are you trying to say?”
She folds her arms, “I was against the relationship from day one. Graham was some creep who wanted a younger woman to toy around with. Both of us were at university at the time, and he was the cause of her grades turning to crap and eventually her not graduating.
 I was so frustrated, she was so weak and pathetic, not to cut the guy off. Another reason why I didn’t contact her, I was so over it! All our conversations were about this guy. First it was all sunshine and rainbows then all these dramas over their situation. I was sick of it and could figure this guy out a mile away. 
I felt after what I did, she should learn to grow up and stand on her own two feet. I guess with her being hospital she wasn’t ready for that…”
“Because she loved him.”
“Ha! Whatever you think that is. When it started getting more serious I took a photo of Claire and Graham together and used it as leverage. I would expose their affair if he didn't end it.” 
“What business was it of yours to interfere?”
“I only did what I thought was right. I was protecting Claire!”
“Graham was going to leave his wife and kids to be with Claire. So what was the point of exposing him?”
“So he says. He never gave a fuck about his kids, they were bloody teenagers. It wouldn't come across as a favorable situation in front of a judge when it would come to custody or the splitting of assets would it? A true measure of a man is one who decides between the money or the woman. I tested him with the threat to see what would happen.”
I breathe out, “I get it. He loved the money more.”
“Exactly. He was stringing her along.”
“You don't know that. Still, it is messed up what you did.”
“I don't hold any regrets, even more now that you told me she was engaged. It all worked out in the end.”
“Not your business though.”
She shrugs, “Well think of it this way, why should she have a life with someone who has kids already. Being second fiddle to all that drama.”
“I think she is able to make decisions on her own.”
“Not back then.” I say nothing when she stands. Tension is in the air and it stinks. “Not now either. Please don't tell her what I did. It won't help.”
“Why tell me in the first place?”
She shrugs, “So you know who really looks out for her.”
“I told her leave it all in the past.” I walk her to the door. She turns and presses her index finger on my chest.
“And so she will...”
***
Claire Deville

Sitting on my sofa staring into the fireplace the flames hypnotize me making me think of nothing. Thinking of my life. What could have been if Graham had chosen me instead of his kids. Imagination is a wild thing thinking of all those scenarios. I hear a knock at my door and it's Samantha dressed in jeans and a purple cardigan.
“Can I come in?”
“Do you ever ask?”
“No.”
She holds up two bottles of wine and smiles brushing past me into my kitchen. She grabs the glasses off the dish rack.
“Great this is what I need right now. You know alcohol makes stress worse.”
“Not past stresses from what I hear. Braith told me everything.”
I sigh, “Did he? How long did you two talk for?”
“Hours on end. A heart to heart.”
I shake.
“Jokes.” she says, “Long enough to know that I needed to see my best friend for some TLC.”
“I'm alright. I'm a big girl.”
“Not to me doll.” She pours my glass. I take a sip and feel better.
“How was your first day with Louis?” I ask, hoping to change the subject.
“To be honest, Louis is not as bad as you made him out to be, given that he did do those things. He's quite quirky and his sense of humor is hilarious. He’s kind of overboard with details telling you everything instead what you need to do.”
“Yep, that’s him. Alright. You only need ABC but he gives you the whole alphabet.” I sit up, “You actually laughed at his jokes?”
She nods.
“Oh my god, no one laughs at his jokes. They are so dark and twisted. Did he tell you the one about the librarian and the suicide?”
“Yep, it was hilarious.”
“How do you even find that funny?”
“C'mon girl. It's a joke. Are you part of the Political Correctness Brigade now?”
I shake my head and smile. “Thinking twice about the joke I see the humor in it.
A woman walks into a library asking for a book on how to kill herself. The Liberian takes off her glasses and tells her to piss off because she won't bring the book back.
I say, “You need help.”
Samantha smirks, “You need help more than me, crybaby.”
“Bitch.”
Both of us chuckle when Samantha licks her lips. She examines her hand then checks her nails.
“Speaking of Braith, he sure has a solid chest on him. A handsome man for sure... A shame though, he's a wolf in sheep's clothing.”
“Excuse me?”
“Oh, I pressed my finger into his chest when I thought he upset you. Is he seeing someone?”
“Trust me, he's not your type.”
Her eyelids flutter, “What's my type, smarty-pants?”
“Guys like Louis.”
She coughs, almost choking on her drink. “I'm... he's got a personality but no, he fails in the looks department. The balding comb over style and beer gut is not my thing. Well, unless he had muscles like Vin Diesel or the Rock I'd reconsider.”
“Girl, do I have some gossip for you. Hot off the press.”
“I know it already.”
“I said, hot off the press.”
“I started working before you, so I know.”
She raises a brow, “Ok, know it all! Did you know that Louis was bribed by this lady named Tricia?”
I gasp, “What? Hold on, Louis? Our Louis?”
“Yes. Why do you find it so hard to believe? You know how slimy he is.”
I pause, so surprised how corrupt Tricia was. She got everything she deserved.
I say, “Explains why Louis was jittery he thought the cops were coming for him.”
“They are.” She pauses, “And anyone else who did the same...”
I flinch when Samantha narrows her eyes.
She says, “Louis gave me an induction and in that he explained the history of the Hunter International Account.”
“And...”
“I think Louis was given the account because Braith agreed to the bribes Tricia was receiving to keep the Hunter International Account. Geoff knew, so he tried to save face by firing him, which would blow up in his face when he realized his top salesman was gone. Am I correct, pussycat?”
I exhale, “You have the last part wrong. Braith slept with Tricia and paid the bribes she wanted. Him being fired had nothing to do with it.”
“Oh my god. Braith is just as bad as Louis.” She says, “Why didn't you tell me this? And how can you even work for the guy.”
I sigh. “I didn't feel comfortable telling you, because of the nature of it.”
“You mean the nature of the crime.”
I close my eyes. 
“Well, your secret is safe with me. But it is important Braith is aware, I know.”
“Excuse me?” I say, “Why?”
“We're all on the same team which will eventually be my team”
We stare at each other for a moment. Samantha definitely has delusions of grandeur.
“I have to pee, be right back,” she says breaking the heavy silence.
Samantha leaves the room and I think about what she said. God, I hope she doesn't try to make a move on Braith.
***
Braith Deveraux

Saturday Night.

Adjustments. Life changing situations. Solitude. Mulling over my thoughts is refreshing. I can think for myself now. I check my phone, to see a message from an unknown number. It reads
I know what you did. I guess we are one for secrets - Samantha
As if I didn't need any more complications right now! So, Claire told her! Man, can’t anyone keep a secret! I ring her phone. Pissed off.
“What’s all the wind noise. Where are you?”
“I'm holding a pizza on my way to your apartment to beg forgiveness.”
“I’m busy with a girl.”
“Your right hand doesn’t count. I need to talk to you about Samantha.”
“Yeah. Well, it's too late for that?”
“What do you mean?”
“I'll wait till you arrive, but you better bring me a bucket of spicy wings with the pizza, sweetheart.”
Ten minutes later there is a knock at the door. I open it and Claire is holding the boxes of pizza. Her face is all flushed. I take the boxes off her and motion for her to come in. I set out the food on the coffee table, and she sits next to me.
I say, “Damn, you and Samantha must be lovers not friends if you told her about what I did. May as well throw in that I have a big penis too.”
“She figured it all out when Louis gave her an induction.”
“Damn, which would have been him pouring his heart out.”
“Exactly. She probably knows what color underwear Louis likes to wear.”
“Blue.” I snap.
“Huh?” she raises an eyebrow.
“Nothing.” I rub my eyes, “Do I have anything to worry about? Is she going to be one of those types to use this info against me down the line?”
“No way. She's not like that.”
“Well. We are even now. We are square.”
“What are you talking about?”
I pause, thinking about my conversation with Samantha. “Nothing, she was implying that she's got stuff on me and Louis, so she's square. Your friend is very hard to read.”
“She is.”
“Speaking of which, how are you coping?”
Claire exhales, she picks at the crust of the pizza, pulling it away to reveal the mozzarella cheese streaking away.
“Better now. I thought I had moved on from my past relationship. Guess the pain still lingers. I don't get it though, with you. How you can move on from Lauren so quickly. It’s like you are built out of Teflon.”
“My situation was different. I mentally checked out of the relationship long before I ended it. To be honest. I'm free.”
“I wish I could feel like that, but I'm not built that way.”
“Hey, it is what makes everyone unique right?”
Claire laughs and I extend my hand, smoothing over the right side of her face.
I say, “Claire... over the last couple of weeks, I have been thinking a lot about you...” She flinches, her eyes widen. “About us.”
“You and me...?” she says.
“What do you think? Partners. Batman and Robin.”
She laughs, “Um... I don't think they're romantically involved.”
“Ugh, you get what I mean. Is there a chance you could make an exception to your rule?”
Claire's face flushes red. Breathing heavily.
“I want you to be my girlfriend.” I say.
“Bold statement.”
“Do I need trumpets or something?” I smile.
“Helps.”
“I know you got stuff with the last guy and you know me long enough to know that I would never hurt you. But I wouldn't mind more than just being friends.”
	“You sure?” she says. God damn, she looks irresistible.
I lean over and kiss her, I sense hesitation. Knowing all the past pain she had been through, I hold her face.
I say, “Sometimes in life, to get over past pains, you have to replace them with joy and happiness. Jesus, I sound cheesy but Claire... sometimes you have to take a chance.”
A tear spills from her right eye streaking down her cheek. My thumb mops up the trail as she nods.
She whispers. “Taking a chance? To be your girl... girlfriend?”
I nod, “My girl.” I kiss her more before taking her to my bedroom, ending the night with kisses before tiredness pulls us asleep.

***
Claire Deville

The whole day, this feeling deep inside me. The joy, the happiness, the excitement, most of all the love. I put on my jeans and a t-shirt and head out to Samantha's house to celebrate her housewarming slash sale of her home after work. I arrive at the door to see it open. All the sales cadets are there and people from the office. Rodger comes up and hands me a cup and a spoon of Samantha's purple jelly vodka shots. 
I say, “What the hell is going on?”
“Samantha invited us all, even Louis is here.”
“Braith?”
“No. He's back at the office with Geoff.”
I dig into the jelly shot when I see Samantha out of the corner of my eye talking to Louis on the deck. I shoot over, dodging the boys as most of them are huddled in front of the TV playing Fortnite. Maybe Braith is right, we are the antisocial generation.
“Hey girl!” I say.
“Hey, smarty-pants.” Samantha palms the sides of my face and kisses me on the lips.
Louis raises an eyebrow, drawing an awkward reaction. “I'll leave you two lesbians to it.”
He heads off, earning a chuckle from Samantha. She takes a sip from her wineglass.
“Can I ask you a favor? Can I get you to hold the fort while I pop out?”
“Sure.” 
Samantha raises an eyebrow. Her eyes narrow.
“What?”
“I know that look.”
“What look?”
“You had that same look on ya face when you were with Graham. Who is he?”
“Oh my god, I can't keep it from you. I hooked up with Braith last night.”
“You did what?” Samantha coughs out her wine, “As in fucked him?”
Gosh she said it so loud the boys playing the game turned around.
“Hey! Keep it down. No! We just kissed.”
“Oh no, Claire you shouldn't have done that... you know where it all leads.”
“I don't care.”
“No Claire! What happened last time huh? Workplace relationships never work out. You don't screw the crew.”
“This time it's different.”
“Aren't you at least concerned by the things he's done in the past? He's a cheater for god's sake!”
“That I can understand, I wasn’t with him as his girlfriend. So, it had nothing to do with me. Gosh, why do you have to be such a hater? I am happy now.” I fan my face, “Happy.”
Samantha sighs, “But for how long... is the question. You’re his girlfriend now? It’s like knowing someone you knew who killed and you date the killer. Stockholm syndrome at its best.”
“You’re being extreme. Everything feels right.”
 You’re in the honeymoon stage, it fades, trust me.”
“Can it with your negativity, girl. I thought friends supported each other.”
“They do. Friends also tell you stuff you don't want to hear yourself!”
The moment goes silent between us, even the blaring music seems to fade.
I say, “At the end of the day you know nothing about the bond me and Braith have. So, if you have an opinion, from now on keep it to yourself!”

***
Braith Deveraux

I sit in Geoff's office smoking a cigar with him. Leaning back, I raise my head and blow circles of smoke trying to do hoops. Jesus, I really have moved up the ladder ‘cause normally this fat prick never gives anyone his favorite Cuban variety. I'm expecting good news.
Geoff says, “Braith. I have decided to give Samantha a promotion.” He checks his watch. “She should be here shortly to sign our agreement.”
I sit up and raise an eyebrow, “For what! Sucking your dick?”
Geoff chokes on his cigar and coughs out plumes of cigar smoke while laughing at the same time.
“You're a funny bastard, you know that. She put forward a proposal on how she can maximize my business. She even presented a road map of where we need to be. I wish you and Louis were this pre-emptive and ambitious.”
“Jesus, she just started. She doesn't know jack on how things work around here!”
“She knew what you did with Tricia.”
I grind my jaw.
He stubs out his cigar, “Don't worry, she didn't try to blackmail me, said to read her proposal. Which I did and I approved. You have to open your eyes to her ideas and where this takes us.”
Geoff chucks a folder that is thick as the bible at me. I stare at it for while then flick my eyes back at him as he uses his guillotine cutter on his cigar. Damn things give me the willies.
“I don't have time to read this paperweight. Give me the gist of it.”
“Samantha has contacts which could lead us to new business. She has the upper hand compared to you, who would be cold calling.”
I fold my arms, “What's wrong with my approach?”
“Samantha has the relationships so, therefore, the influence. A foot in the door is better than a knock at the door.”
“Save me the metaphor. C'mon, this isn't a popularity contest. A sale is a sale at the end of the day.”
“She is part of the future for this business.”
“What?”
“As are you son. Iron sharpens iron. This isn't a contest but if I was a betting man and had to put you and her against each other who do think would win?”
“The person with the best price.”
He cuts the cigar making an audible click as the blunt end falls and rolls on his desk towards me. He may as well have put my dick in there with way things are going!
“Wrong, the person with the foot in the door who can get us the deal and the sale!”
I rub my eyes, “I'm not going to argue with you. I respect your decision, but make sure Samantha keeps away from me ‘cause I don't want her meddling in my business. Oh, and rest assured I will get you the sales. So, stock up on cigars.”
***

I leave the smoky room when I get a message from Claire, asking me to come over tonight. I smile, thinking what might happen. Going back to well... they say. A night of lovemaking perhaps? Too soon? I start to reply when a hand touches mine. I look up to see Samantha.
“Hey, partner...” she says with a smirk on her face.
I raise an eyebrow, “I heard from Geoff the proposal you put through. Jesus, it's barely a week and you're already trying to take over!”
She licks her lips, “I saw an opportunity and I asked Geoff what he thought, and he said it was a good idea.”
“Good ideas are like buttholes, everyone has them.”
Samantha laughs, “Don't be so protective. I'm saying I might need your help in some deals to get us over the line. I think we would work well together, or, in my opinion, you would work well under me.”
I say nothing, only stare at her trying to figure her out.
She says, “Are you undressing me with your eyes, Braith?”
“No, Claire wouldn't like that.”
Samantha flinches, “Yes, I heard you two are quite the couple now.”
I shrug.
She says, “Well... well... well.” She leans into me, her hand brushes against my butt. She clutches it. “How long is that going to last?” she whispers in my ear. “From a man that slept with a client to get a sale. Tell me, did you fuck Tricia as good as you do Claire?”
My jaw clenches, as I flick her hand off my ass.
“Don’t touch me.” I hiss.
“Why? Is your cock getting hard? Once a cheater, always a cheater...”
***
9pm

I arrive at Claire's house and, not wasting any time, took her to bed, making love to her over and over again. I lie on my back looking up at the ceiling. Exhausted. Spent. Reflecting on my life. I turn over to face Claire, who is drifting in and out of sleep. It is a beautiful thing to watch her fight the tiredness. I run my fingers through her hair, stroking it, thinking of this moment we’re in now.
She says, “What's wrong?”
“Nothing.”
“No, there is. Tell me.”
“I’ve always been attracted to you from day one. As time went on I use to fantasize what it would -”
“Fantasize? Really?” she smiles.
“Sounds too sexual. Wrong word choice. I mean daydream. Yeah, much more fitting. I used to daydream what it would be like if we were together, it was small flashes and it built and built. And now I’m in bed with you.”
“That sounds like a fantasy.”
I kiss her lips so gently, “That daydream came true.”
Claire flushes, “Guess the situation you mentioned is starting to change…”  
“Yes, that. When I said that if my situation was different, would I have kids?”
She pulls the pillow in to prop up her head. “Yes.”
“I wouldn't mind. My dad used drill into me the Deveraux Trinity.”
“Sounds like blasphemy.”
“It could be, depending on how you look at it. He had three cornerstones defining his happiness. The bottom two were the house and the car. The top was my mom.”
Claire laughed, “Kind of shallow the first two. Thought family and health would be at the bottom.”
“It was more his drive to the things he chased and attained as a young man.”
“So, I'm assuming you have the same ideals.”
“Doesn't hurt to chase those things?”
“Only if I'm at the top.”
“Only two to go.”
I give her a peck on cheek. “I don't know though... your best friend Samantha made a pass at me.” I raise an eyebrow, “like hashtag me-too material...”
Claire sits up as if I’ve poured cold water over her, “She did what?”
“I think she was testing me. After meeting with Geoff, I bumped into her at the office. She seemed to know we hooked up.”
She rolls her eyes. “Of course, I told her.”
“Jesus, Claire, is nothing sacred! Are you gonna go around and tell everyone in the office?”
“No way. I was happy and I told my best friend.”
“Well, that best friend grabbed my ass. You're lucky I had self-control and undying loyalty to you.”
Claire chuckled, then shook her head. “Gosh she can't get it out her head that she thinks all men are cheats. What the heck is she thinking?”
“I think she was just testing me.”
“A messed-up way to test you. I can't wait till I see her.”
“No, don't. Don't make it awkward between you two or me. She’s just started, so maybe she was joking around. Maybe she's the flirty type?”
Claire goes quiet for a sec. “Yeah she is actually... I admire her confidence though, I wish I was more of go getter in life.”
“You are. You got me.”
She laughs, “Gosh, talking you up to be this good man was a bad idea. I should have downplayed it. Kept it quiet.”
“I am a good man, and besides, I think when you're happy you want share the news right? Like if you won the lottery for comparison.”
“Don't flatter yourself, Braith, I'd take the money in a heartbeat!”
“What?”
“Joking. I think she's envious perhaps, a bit jealous I have a man. Still, not cool what she did.”
“Don't be ridiculous. I'm with you. Nothing she can do will break that.”

***
Claire Deville

My mind is riddled with resentment and anger towards Samantha. As soon as Braith falls asleep I text her about what happened with Braith. She calls me right back and I jump out of bed to take the call in the lounge.
“What the heck were you doing?” I said.
Samantha chuckles on the other line. “C'mon it was a joke.”
“It's not a joke when you ass grab my boyfriend.”
She chuckles on the other line again. Belittling me and I’m starting to get annoyed.
“Seriously Samantha!”
“C'mon girl, relax. I was playing, Braith is taking it the wrong way. I think... he had a hard-on when I did it.”
“Well in Braith's words he said hashtag me too.”
Samantha burst out laughing and I hung up on her. Bitch. I can't wait to see you at work tomorrow.
***
Caracas Ltd.

I spot Louis and Samantha chatting like gossip queens. I check the time to see it is almost 10 am. Braith told me he and Louis were going offsite for a meeting. I clench my fists, impatient that they are taking so long. What the heck are they talking about?
“Are you ok?” Braith says as he stands to put on his grey trench coat.
“Nothing.”
“Hey, if this is about Samantha, forget it. I find it amusing.”
“Not when she says you got a hard on.”
Braith laughed, “She wouldn’t know if her hand was on it.”
I fold my arms. 
“Which it wasn’t!” Braith showing his palms. 
“It's not professional either.”
“Listen, let me reassure you. Samantha is not my type.”
I roll my eyes. I stand and adjust Braith's black silk tie.
Braith whispers, “I'll prove it to you... would you like to come over tonight and untie this tie for me?”
“You cooking dinner too?”
“Of course, I’ll even do the dishes and perhaps… we can have desert after?”
His deep tone of voice sends tingles down my body. I look up and smile, then nod. Braith is such a liar, he hasn’t cooked in a thousand years.

I turn to see Louis and Samantha at the door. Braith brushes past me, and they leave. Samantha steps into my office and closes the door behind her, looking around my office. She's wearing a black pencil skirt with black heels and a white sleeveless top. She sits in my chair and swivels around staring at the fluorescent tube light above. Making herself at home already...
“You'll go blind staring at it,” I say.
“Oh, how love is blind... I like how these lights change your perspective when you look away and your eyes adjust to the ambient light and darkness around you. You see things for what they really are...” Samantha sits up and stares at me. “You should try it sometime.”
“I think what you did to Braith was inappropriate.”
“Ugh, get over yourself. Like why are you behaving like a jealous little girl?”
“Excuse me?
“You are being so immature. It was nothing, just flirtatious banter between work colleges, it wasn't a hashtag me-too moment.” She says air quoting with her index fingers.
“Just back off Braith, Ok?”
“Alright!” She pauses a beat, “So we're good?”
“We’re good, but I'm angry with you.”

***
Braith Deveraux

We take Louis’ red 1992 Mazda Miata convertible for a cruise to what he said was an undisclosed location. I take this as a chance to probe more into his actions and confirm my suspicions. I struggle to fit into his car, being almost shoulder to shoulder with him. The day is overcast but there are gaps in the clouds with streaks of sunlight streaming through. 
“Jesus, Louis, how do you even fit in this bloody thing?” I wriggle in the seat to try to get comfortable.
“I had the seats custom fitted, plush cow hide leather with two-tone double stitching. Heated and cooled too. It molds to my body like a glove...”
“Yeah well, you could have made it bigger for the passenger, dummy.”
“How about losing a few pounds, fatty.”
I crack up, “Maybe you should step in front of a mirror, you fat bastard.”
“You're such a fat shamer. Lucky for you I’ve started my low carb diet. Six weeks you'll be doing your dirty laundry on these washboard abs.”
Louis smoothes his hand over his stomach and giggles. He's gonna need more than six weeks. We head onto the motorway, taking the Waterview Tunnel. The novelty of driving with the top off is cool. The size of the car makes us appear like two polar bears on tricycles, and now we’re stuck in traffic and in front of a big bloody bus blowing diesel fumes.
I cough, “Where are we going?” 
“You'll see. I like to take the long way, give the engine a good run.”
“Do we need to wait till we get there to talk about business or will we be dead by the time we get there due to carbon monoxide poisoning?”
“No, we can talk shop, Braith, the floor is open.”
“You first. What the hell is going on with you?”
“Do you promise not to tell anyone?”
“I promise.”
“Do you swear on the bible?”
“Just tell me, dickhead.”
Louis puts his foot down to overtake the bus, slows down and takes the slow lane then exhales. “I did something stupid.”
I raise an eyebrow, “Like how stupid...”
“Long story short, I paid a bribe to Tricia so that I could keep the account.”
“What?” I say, “When did this happen?”
“Don't judge me. I used the money from the rebates that Hunter International was to receive and funneled them into her personal bank account.”
Shit! I knew it! Tricia tried it on him too!  
I say, “Well if we are airing our dirty laundry. I have been paying Tricia in the form of rebates to her own bank account for the past year.”
SCREECH!!!
Louis pulls on the handbrake. Locking up the rear wheels, we slide into the emergency lane to a jolting stop.
“You did it as well?
“She threatened to cancel her business with us unless we paid her. I’m surprised she tried it on you.”
Louis scratches his head. “It all makes sense, but why give me the account? You assumed I wouldn’t do it.”
“As I said. I didn’t think she would try it.”
“You should have told me, Braith. I would have gone to the cops.”
“Yeah, and implicated me.”
“Braith, I can't go to prison. You know what they do to rich people like me.”
“You'll be right at home Louis. Just remember not to drop the soap.”
“Not funny at all, Braith.”
“Hey. You’re not going to prison. Geoff is sorting it out.”
Louis raises an eyebrow, “So Geoff knew?”
“Of course. He didn’t care that the rebates were going to Tricia’s personal account ‘cause it meant we kept the account.”
“You two are rotten scumbags. You set me up.”
“No, Geoff thought it might be best for me get off the account ‘cause I was fucking Tricia on the side. It was only once.”
Louis shakes his head again, “What? Hang on, so you get all fisticuffs with me for sleeping with Lauren and you were sleeping with Tricia. You are such a hypocrite!”
I close my eyes, “I know.”
“So why did you attack me then?”
“I guess I wanted to take my frustrations out on you.”
“I can't wait to tell Claire. You don't deserve to be with her, you compulsive liar.”
“I'll save you the hassle. I told her.”
Louis shakes his head. “Lies, she doesn't know because if she did, she wouldn't go near you.”
“Well, be my guest and tell her. It will blow up in your face.”
Like a Mexican standoff, we eyeball each other. Pieces of trash blow in front of us like tumbleweeds in the wind.
“And Claire still wants to be with you?”
I nod.
“I can't stand the sight of you right now. Get out of my car.”
“No way! Were on the motorway.”
“Get out!”
“Relax Man.”
“Here am I feeling guilty over what I did and you are doing the same thing.”
Louis picks up his phone, “I'm calling the cops.”
I nudge his phone out of his hand and it drops out over the barrier, smashing on the motorway below.
“Don't be stupid. You don't need to do anything like that. Think about it, as long you don't do anything and I don't anything, we are safe. If you ever go to the cops, I'm bringing you down with me.”
Louis shakes his head, “Ok. I promise I won't do anything if you don't. That doesn't say that Samantha won't.”
“I raise an eyebrow, “What do you mean?”
“She knew what I did. Told me this morning, playing that ‘I got one over you’ card.”
“Jesus Christ, you pour your heart to her already? What the hell were you thinking, Louis!”
“She figured everything out. I didn’t flat out tell her.”
“So, this is where she got the confidence to put through her proposal. She’s got us wrapped around her little finger.”
“The hell are you talking about?”
“You know Samantha sent in a proposal to pitch for more business, right?”
“No.”
“Geoff just signed that thing the night of her party, now she is on a par with us,” I say, “Job titles don’t have any value these days.”
“What? C'mon, don't lie to me, Braith, she just started, and she is gunning for our jobs?”
“I said that to Geoff, but the bastard wouldn't have any of it, He wants competition.”
I take out my briefcase and hand him the proposal.
I say, “The first gospel according to Samantha...”
Louis flicks through it, muttering a string of curses. He shakes his head. “What should we do?”
“Just leave things as they are. Let it run its course.”
“No way. I'm not letting Samantha outshine me in front of Geoff.”
“We have no other choice.”
“God no, so she knows about you too?”
I nod.
“So, she basically has us by the balls, and we can't do anything. This situation is disadvantageous but I'm going to dig up her past. No one that cunning is that squeaky clean, especially the way she operates. No one.”
“Good luck. Claire thinks she's squeaky clean, and she's her best friend.” I shrug, “Well, at least on the bright side you're going to be a father in nine months.”
Louis’ face drains of color and he hits forehead on the horn!

***
Claire Deville
I check my phone to see a message from Braith that he will meet with me tonight. We exchange flirtatious texts when Samantha comes through the door and plonks down a folder of accounts.
“What's this?”
“Could you be a lamb and put these new accounts into the system? I need this done before 4pm. I got the sales, so I'll enter those in myself. I'm on a roll, girlfriend.”
“Excuse me?”
She covers her lips for a brief moment. “Oh! Didn't Braith tell you?”
“Tell me what?”
“I thought you two are close.”
“We are?”
“I'm a full-blown Account Manager now. Business development no more slash personal assistant. Cool huh?”
“You just started! What the heck did you do to get promoted?”
“Well sleeping with your client like Braith did wasn’t one of them.” 
I say nothing, almost throwing the paper in her face.
“I presented to Geoff about utilizing all my contacts to chase up leads which was basically a job that Braith was doing so he agreed and offered me a position. It's in the best interests of the company I explained. It leverages my time not having to do paperwork and phone calls. Aren't you happy for me?”
“Gosh, why do I have to be the last one to find things out?” I say, “Braith didn't say diddly squat.”
“See girl. I'm not gonna hate on your relationship but you should have known before I even told you.”
I say nothing but take the folder to glance at the new business she got in. Impressive.
“You move quick, don't you?” I say.
“Trust me, after a month, Louis and Braith are going to work for me. Wouldn't that be good.” She pauses, “Me being your boss?”
I raise an eyebrow, thinking, oh hell no! You're not going to be adding more admin to my job! We lock eyes. Her smug look makes me want to slap her face.
“Girl, don't look at me like that. I'm a better alternative then Geoff, right?”
I pause, then exhale, “If you put it that way. Yeah. Ten times better.”
I watch as Samantha leaves and I check the clock. I can't wait to see Braith and I won't be untying that damn tie. It's going to be his noose!

***

6 pm.

First ingredient. Potatoes to make shepherd's pie. I gather the potatoes and rinse them under the tap. Watching as the dirt washes away to reveal the skin like the lies I’m being told flushing away. I was so disappointed in Braith for not telling me. But as they say there is always two sides to a story. I feel an arm wrap around my waist as Braith kisses my neck. Gosh, I love how he sneaks up on me like that. I breathe in, smelling his cologne.
“How was your day?” he says.
I continue washing the potatoes when Braith wraps his hands around mine. His hands are big as plates.
He whispers in my ear, “Kind of like the movie Ghost where Patrick Swayze puts his hands around that girl’s waist…”
I said, “I wish you were a ghost.”
“What's wrong baby?”
“You tell me how it feels when my best friend dumps a folder of leads for me to input? Oh, and how she is now my boss!”
Braith releases his grip and stands next to the bench looking at his reflection below.
“Why didn't you tell me she is an Account Manager?” I asked.
“Whoa, hold on. She is not an Account Manager. She is doing a special project for Geoff under no title. Second of all, you’re accountable to me, so she had no right to tell you what to do. Her job has nothing to do with us. Samantha is just on an ego trip.”
I scratch my head. “Gosh, tell me about it.”
“Hey, I'll talk to her tomorrow, ok? If she needs someone to do the admin she should be asking Rodger or any of the cadets. You're going to busy with sales I get.”
“Well you're behind because I put through a couple for Samantha yesterday.”
Braith closes his eyes, “I'll get there.”
“You better. I thought it would be cool having my friend working here now I am witnessing a side of her I never knew.”
“She's just career driven and hungry. Very ambitious. I've come across her type before, they will do anything to get to the top.”
I sigh.
“Exactly why I never recommend my own friends and family to work at Caracas. Too many hassles and if they mess up they make you look bad.”
I raise an eyebrow, “What about us?”
“We're different because we get on well.” Braith holds me and whispers, “Because we love each other too...” He starts humming Unchained Melody by the Righteous Brothers.
I chuckle, “You're just as cheesy as that damn movie, Braith.”
“Hey, at least Patrick Swayze came back from the dead to save her. I'll do anything for you... you know that.”
“I never watched the rest of the movie, it was stupid. Ghosts... there's no such thing.”
Braith wraps his arms around me, “I'll sort Samantha out, ok?”
I nod.
“So, all is forgiven.”
“Just promise you won't keep things from me.”
“I won't.”

***
Braith Deveraux
Shots Fired.
Caracas Offices.

I leave the apartment early to get to the office when Geoff gets in. The boss is always an early riser who gets up at 4am to be in the office by 5 am. I walk into his office to see him dipping his tea bag in his cup. Inhaling the steam like some addict doing a line of cocaine. Brings back memories of when I was a young buck in the office. He flinches, then checks the gold Rolex he should gift me for making him so rich.
He says, “The hell are you here so early? You wet the bed or something?” He sips his tea then winces, “If I knew you'd be this early I'd have got you to make my tea.”
“Those days are behind me. I wanted to talk to you, before Samantha came in.”
“Well, she signed up two new clients yesterday, so your useless ass is two to nil. Not only that, she gave me another proposal and a few ideas.”
“Everyone has ideas. A chimpanzee could give you ten. I'm a slow starter, like the tortoise and the hare.”
Geoff stirs his tea then flashes a smile. “You better be careful, if she makes it 4 to nil, I'll fire the shit out of you and Louis and save the company money. Especially with your salary.”
I fold my arms. “There you go again. Some things never change. Always holding the stick and not the carrot.”
“Relax, I'm joking.” He puts his teacup on his desk and sits leaning back, hands behind his head. “What do you want, son?”
“Samantha signed a proposal to chase leads but she is not an Account Manager. Is that correct?” 
“Yes, that is correct. She is not an Account Manager on paper. She has free rein to say what she likes as long as it gets the sale. She could even say she's the President of the United States for all I care.”
“Good. She has no right to be telling Claire what to do.”
“You woke up early to tell me this petty shit!”
“Well, I won't take up your time any longer. I needed to get my facts straight.”
“Do what you need to do, but don't go killing the goose that lays the golden egg. For all we know, Samantha didn't know the proper processes. So at least give her the benefit of the doubt.”
***
2 hours later.

Benefit of the doubt, my ass. I book a meeting room away from prying eyes. I put on a pot of coffee and pour mine when Samantha bursts in. I look up at the clock. 9:00 am on the dot. Not a minute more, not a minute less. She is dressed in a black skirt, only this time it's higher showing more thigh. A dark purple sleeveless top, her hair down not tied up like before. Her sweet perfume whiffs in. She smells like sweet roses and sandalwood soap.
She says, “I got your message this morning, you wanted to talk about something?”
“Yes. Take a seat.”
Samantha reaches for the pot of coffee to pour her own. My fingers drum the handle of my coffee cup as steam rises then I clutch it. Like a gunslinger... She pauses looking into the coffee below, blowing on it. 
“I know what you are going to say,” She says.
“Say what?”
“What I said to Claire.” She bites her lip, then shakes her head. “I'm sorry... I didn't know that there was a process.”
I exhale, “Talk about blowing the wind out my sails.”
“I know you wanted to chew my ear off for what I did. I admit what I did was wrong, and the way I came across, but you have to admit, Claire is going to be somewhat jealous that I have this new role. Maybe you too?”
“Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Hang on there a second. I spoke with Geoff and you don't have a role as an Account Manager. You are fulfilling the proposal you submitted. So, stop with the title.”
“No, I don't see it that way.”
“Well, it is what Geoff said.”
“I'm not the enemy here. I don't want you or Louis out of a job. But there is no point in the company paying enormous salaries if there is a duplication in the job! There is a better way to organize our assets that I’m working on.” She takes another sip then she winces. “I'm doing what I think is best for the company.”
“You know that ultimately means you’re putting your best friend out of a job, right?”
“That won’t happen.” She says, “I'm sure she won't mind working for me. Her admission proved that.”
I shake my head then stand. “Do what you need to do.”
I stand there clutching my coffee cup as she leaves the room. I pull the blinds up to see Claire cross paths with Samantha. Already I sense the tension between them. Claire flicks her eyes to me and heads my way when she stops abruptly probably hearing some snide remark that Samantha says.
I hit my fist on the table, jiggling my cup, spilling coffee. “I wish Geoff had never hired her.” She walks to the table to pour a cup of coffee. 
She winces. “God this is bitter, what were you trying to do, kill her?”
“She thinks she is a somebody when she's not.”
“What did Geoff say?”
I sigh, “That if I don't do my job and win more accounts, she will replace me.”
“What?” Claire puts down her coffee, “I don't understand....”
“She's driven. I can't fault that.”
“I know, but not to that degree. What are you going to do?”
“Whoop her ass and get the sales.” I smiled.
She rolls her eyes. “I might as well quit right now.”
I hold her. Her energy tingles all over my body. Damn, she looks good. “You know me. You know us...” I kiss her. “I won't let that happen. C’mon, let’s take the rest of the day off. I want you.”
“I can't. I'm busy.”
“Work will be there tomorrow. Work will be there the day after. I need to practice my sales pitch...”
I run my hands down, squeezing her rear.
“Sounds inappropriate.” She whispers.
“Not for you...”
***

Caracas Offices
5am
Tuesday.

All that early lovemaking put me to sleep. Trouble is, I wake up at 4am, wide awake. I turn over to see Claire asleep. Damn, she's beautiful. It lingers in my mind those words I said... no, that promise. I won't let it happen. My mind drifts towards work and the anxiety starts to build up in my brain. So much to do...
I shower, change, head off and arrive at my desk. I glance over to see Geoff's office door open, the morning light streaking out into hallway. The sign he's here already. Then I see black heels and a set of legs walking towards me. I look up. Her. Samantha carrying a stack of paperwork smirks as she walks into my office.
I say, “Geoff likes his tea with two sugars. Make sure it's on a saucer too.”
Samantha drops the paperwork on my desk then smiles, “It's actually no sugar, you know he's a diabetic.”
I laugh, “I'm not surprised.”
“So, I hear he has roped you in to making his tea, now he owns you.”
Samantha folds her arms, “I made it for him for all he has done for me. I owe a lot to him for who I am today.”
“Ha! One month in? Get out of here, you are fake as a set of French nails from a nail salon.”
She examines her nails then shakes her head. “You have no idea. None at all.  Sometimes you have to be nice to get things you want.” She chuckles, “To certain people.”
I pick up the paperwork and start reading it, a proposal to make us redundant. “What the hell is this bullshit?”
“When you close deals as quick as I do the job gets done. Six accounts. And while you and Louis cruise around in his pathetic car backstabbing me and crying like bitches, I get on with the job.”
I say nothing, my mind strewn with hate. 
“Oh, and I have the rest of the day off so if you could be a darling and drop a copy on Louis’ desk, that will be great.”
Pissed off, I leap from my chair like a panther and storm into Geoff's office. There he is sipping his last drop of tea, smoothing his straggly white beard, looking into the cup.
I say, “I hope she put cyanide in that cup!”
Geoff closes his eyes, holds his palms out. “Braith, it's only a proposal. I haven't agreed to it, just yet. I needed to buy some more time. It’s a working document.”
“For what? She said she got the deal done.”
“So she says. Have you read all of it?”
“I read the first words restructure and the words disestablished roles next to me and Louis.”
Geoff smiles, “Well you should have read the rest. The restructure is not as bad as you think.”
“What do you mean?”
“Read it! And find out for yourself.” Geoff stands and walks towards the door, holding it open. “Hey last thing, ease up on the aggression with Samantha, ok? She's been telling me that she feels threatened. If it was anyone else, I'd fire them before it gets worse.”
“What? Are you serious Geoff!”
“Hey, lower your voice son. Don't want to hear about it. I’m serious. Just lay off her.”
I say nothing, then close my eyes to stop myself from reacting. I walk towards my office, grab my keys, call Louis.
“Where are you?”
“I'm pulling into the car park right now. I have to take you to see a guy right now. Oh my God, Braith, I’ve got some scandalous dirt on Samantha. You want to check for yourself!

***
Claire Deville
Tuesday
7am.

I turn to see that Braith has left early this morning. A post-it note is stuck to the lamp. It reads, Enjoy your day off! Everything I do, is for you! Braith. I run my hand on the empty side smoothing out the creases on the white silk sheets. Thinking about my life before, how when I was single this was a common sight. I sit up and tie my hair back and check my messages to see a few missed from Samantha, reading that she wants to come over for lunch. I delete her messages and go about my day, cleaning this messy apartment of Braith’s. By lunchtime, I am all done and dusted and reward myself with small glass of wine. Victory.
KNOCK KNOCK
I get up and the pins and needles sensation makes me limp to the door. Samantha.
“What do you want?” I say.
“Can I come in? I want to talk to you about this proposal.”
“I'm kind of busy right now.”
Samantha leans in and points to the bottle of wine on the table. “Busy on your day off drinking wine at 12pm? My have things changed.”
I shrug, “I don't want to be rude, but I just want to be alone right now.”
“Trouble with Braith already?”
“No.”
I stare straight into those pesky blue eyes. She smirks.
“It's about me, isn't it?”
I say nothing. A heavy silence. My response stating the obvious.
“Well Claire, behaving like a baby isn't going to solve anything. Let's talk about it.”
I let out a breath and point to the sofa. She walks past me and collapses on the sofa, kicking off her heels carelessly onto the mopped floor. Scrunching up my pillows.
“Yeah... make yourself at home.”
I grab my glass and sit and watch as she pours her own. 
“Cheers! I know things have been a bit touchy between us with my job and all and I'm so sorry if I came across as arrogant.”
“To be honest, Braith and I had been through a lot, before you arrived on the scene. We both worked hard for Caracas. I can't go through another redundancy.”
“Hey doll, I understand 100 per cent. I sent a proposal through to Geoff today. You'll be alright. I can't promise anything for Louis and Braith, it depends on Geoff.”
“What about Braith?” I say, “Why do you pick on him?”
“I don't trust him.” She takes her glass and almost drains it completely. “I don't even know what you see in him. After all he’s done,”
“Are we going to talk about this again Samantha? I love Braith. I just wish you would accept it and mind your own business!”
“Love... wow. You’re throwing a big word at me girl. It's been a long time since I heard that from you.”
“Or you... maybe you should find a man of your own. Know what that feeling is like?”
“I'm happy with my gigolo fix from time to time. It makes life simple.”
“To see life through your eyes must be dull and dreary.”
I sigh and take another sip. Samantha gets up and looks around Braith's apartment.
She whispers, “He has nice things... all bought with bribed money....”
“Excuse me? You like to take pot shots at my man, don't you?”
“Sorry, I can't help it, especially when you know guys like this.” She walks over to the cabinet and stares at photos of us on a digital photo frame. Pictures of me and Braith interchange from a conference we attended in Queenstown. 
“He reminds me a lot of my ex-husband.” She says.
“Reuben. The one I never met.” I say, “The wedding I never got invited to.”
“It wasn't much of a wedding. Standing there in the registry office, no family, no guests. I felt cheated. Not even a white wedding dress...”
“Then why the hell did you marry that guy?”
“My visa was running out.”
“What? I've known you since kindergarten. You were born here, right?”
She shakes her head “I was born in the Ukraine, came here to New Zealand when I was three. My deadbeat Dad brought my Mom over here. Then one year in, when she settled, he had a secret life of his own and disappeared.”
“Do you remember what your Dad looked like? What was his name?”
Samantha pauses and looks down, eyes shifting side to side. “I do. Tall. My dad looked like a giant. Muscly arms. Brown hair down to his shoulders and the beard, I always liked to touch it because it was prickly. Never knew his real name. Mom wouldn't tell me because she hated him so many years later. Daddy...
Every memory was him making me laugh. Throwing me up in the air. Taking me to park to help me down the slide when I was scared. Candy...” She smiles then laughs, “Candy and ice cream, he always came over with those. Claire, if I could be honest if had to reflect back on my whole life, that was the first time I ever felt happy. Just to see him turn up in his old-school Mustang. The deep rumble of the engine alerting me so I would sprint to the drive-way. That feeling when he would pick me up and hold me. I wish I could capture those moments in a Christmas snow globe to relish in quiet times.
She sits on the sofa next to me and takes her glass, sipping a bit slower now.
“My Mom's mistake was when she came here and ended up being an overstayer, just to be with my Dad. He was always in and out of prison for allegedly dealing meth. He never had a job but always assured my Mom he was going to provide for us, which was all a lie. Once I turned eighteen and got a job, my Mom returned to Ukraine.”
I paused to think back to the time Samantha’s Mom hid everything from us. Clicking on how poor they were.
“How is your Mom now?” Samantha eyes twitch for a second then her eyes go glassy. Tears pooling. “She's dead. Died of cancer only a year after she went back. Just this sapphire pendant and earrings were all she left me. We always argued over the color.”
“Its purple.”
“That’s what I thought. No, it’s indigo.” She takes in a deep breath, clutching the pendant as it gleams with the color. “That's what made me so fricking angry, that I never had the chance to take care of her once I sorted myself out. To be in a financial position where I could help her. For all those years we struggled. Things we missed out on. The things that made us embarrassed due to money. Debt collectors. The banks. The calls. Most of all, I missed out on making things comfortable for her. Paying her back in kind.”
“I'm sorry.”
She breathes in deep “All in the past now. My Mom wasted her life pandering to my Dad who fed us hopes and dreams that when he got out it would all be different. All those promises broken. Time after time. You come to hate people like that. You despise them. I struggle every day with how I want to remember my Dad. Happy memories as a kid to sad ones now.”
“Maybe it’s best just to remember the positives.”
“Maybe...” Samantha drains the rest of her glass and takes out the proposal, and we start to go through it when I read the three letters... next to her name. I'm absolutely shocked!

***
Braith Deveraux

9am

Cramped in Louis’ Mazda Miata for the second time we head over the Auckland Harbor bridge to a suburb named Takapuna. Stuck in traffic, the pace would equate to that of a baby crawling, but it’s cool as we are able to see the view of the boats in the marina and Rangitoto Island in the distance. Louis puts the top down again, sun rising, no breeze on this mint day. I turn his stereo right down after listening to the Backstreet Boys. Louis raises an eyebrow and returns the volume to normal, then starts singing. 
“Hey Louis, I met with Geoff and Samantha, they have a restructure slash proposal they want us to evaluate.”
“What, another one? So, you know it's going to be final? Waste of time to give feedback.”
“Exactly, even before we could prove ourselves. She has won the game already.”
“I got three new accounts, so I'm confident I've won. How many did you get?”
“Two, plus another two I'm waiting to hear back today on.”
“Which means two overall. Braith, don't try to pad your stats.”
“We lost anyway, ‘cause Samantha has got six. I’ve got your copy of the proposal here to look at, in your own time. I'll flick it into the glove box.”
“Did you read it?”
“The first page. Then I got all I needed. Where are we going exactly?”
“A place called Takapuna Beach Café. What does the proposal say?”
“That our jobs are being combined into a single role, and we have to re-apply.”
“I can't believe she's doing this.” Louis pauses for ten seconds at least, “So… are you going to re-apply?”
“Of course.”
“You know it will be me that ends up getting it.”
“Keep dreaming, dickhead.”
Louis smiles, “Head to head. Now we will know who will be the real Top Gun of Caracas. I favor my chances. Immensely.”
“Even with the dumb shit you did?”
“Ha! Step in front of the mirror, Mr fisticuffs... Mr shoot first ask questions later... Mr Ambulance at the bottom of the cliff.”
“For all we know there could be someone external that gets it.”
“Doubt it. No one is as good as me. I'm the best of the best. The elite.”
I laugh, checking my watch as I have appointments this afternoon “So, who is your guy?”
“Samantha’s previous employer and ex-husband. Reuben from Pacifica Enterprises.”
“Just tell me what Reuben said?”
“If I told you, you would think I'm making this all up.”
“Well it wouldn't be the first time...”
“Shut up, Braith.”
“Well give me the executive summary because I don't have time for the drama and emotion. I have two prospective customers that I have to close a sale on.”
“Ever heard of multitasking? Trust me Braith, you need to hear every single detail, if we are going to win this. You're so impatient!”
“Louis, I will slap your face with a 10-inch black dildo if you don't tell me something.”
“Ew. Gross!” He pauses. “Like why does it have to be black? Can't the dildo be white? Are you racist?”
“What the hell are you talking about!”
“Why a dildo? Are you implying that I'm gay? Are you a homophobe, Braith?”
Louis starts tooting his horn and points to me. Now I wish the traffic went faster.
“We got a racist and homophobe right here.” BEEP BEEP “His name is Braith Deveraux!” BEEP BEEP “Homophobe!” BEEP BEEP “Racist! Fat shamer! Right next to me!”
I sink into my seat as everyone is looking. There is even a traffic cop a few car lengths in front of us who pulls into the emergency lane. I pinch Louis hard as he starts cracking up. Luckily the cop is just setting up his radar gun.
“Ask any more demands to rush me Braith and I'll do that stuff in the cafe!”

After Louis’ embarrassing outburst, I calm my impatient ass down. We take the off ramp into Takapuna and arrive at this cafe by Takapuna beach. The carpark asphalt is all rain lashed and empty, the mid-morning sun causing steam to rise. We park up in front of the café and out in front are three weather worn outdoor tables and black shade umbrellas. I see a man nervously waiting by them. He jolts when he locks eyes with us. Beer in hand and cigarette in the other. Who the hell drinks at this time of the morning!
“Please.” I turn to Louis, “Tell me it’s not him...”
Louis waves and smiles and Reuben raises his hand. He skulls down the rest of the beer and stubs out his cigarette then walks towards us.
“Its him.”
I study him, he's wearing black dress pants one size too big. Shoes too big for his feet unless he's a hobbit. He unbuttons the top of his salmon pink shirt. The sweat stains are obvious. The dude comes across unhinged. A mess.
I whisper, “He looks like your evil twin. Only less hair. Not as fat.”
Reuben leans over on Louis’ side of the car and the wind brings in the smell of beer and cigarette smoke. I nearly choke from the human brewery. He reaches out and shakes Louis’ hand and then glances at me.
“Who is he?” Reuben says in a gruff voice. “I told you no one else.”
Louis points at me with a thumb and introduces me as his boyfriend. We get out of the car and take a walk down to the beach. Being a workday, its completely empty apart from a few seagulls and sparrows. Sand so soft my shoes make deep footprints. I take my phone and put it in my shirt pocket exposing the camera lens. I press record.
“Ok, Reuben, if you could. From the beginning.” Louis says.
Reuben stops and begins to take off his shoes the rolls up his dress pants as the incoming waves cover his ankles. We both step back and watch as he stretches his arms out as the sun rises. Looking like he's having a come-to-Jesus moment. I turn to Louis and raise an eyebrow before he nudges me when Reuben turns around.
“Samantha... Samantha Cohen.” Reuben says, “Even just saying her name brings back all these memories. I wish, I wished I was in your situation all these years ago, so I could hear about the terrible things she's done...”
Reuben exhales and stares at the water crashing on his toes.
“I dated Samantha through my job at Pacifica Enterprises. I hired her first as my personal assistant fresh out of university. Sheesh! Was she a looker when she came through my door. I admit, I can't even remember if she had a degree or anything. That smoking hot purple colored dress she wore made me ignore her C.V.
After five years of working with her she was so good with our clients that I promoted her to an Account Manager. I too got an offer to become a business partner and be the face of Pacifica Enterprises. It was around the time -
I say, “Hey I remember you! You were on TV. You had the long hair. Right?”
He exhales, “Yes, it was a wig...”
Louis nudges me.
“Uhm.. Sorry, please. Continue.” I say.
“So it was around that time I fell for her and I fell for her hard. We dated secretly until I asked her to marry me. Sheesh! It was then, she started to show her real colors. Samantha gave me this sob story about how her mother was in bad debt and she needed money to pay her mortgage, or she would lose the house. I gave her fifty grand. Then a year later her mother in the Ukraine was diagnosed with cancer, and she needed money to fly back and see her. I gave her another thirty grand. All that didn't bother me until she wanted me to take loans out in my name. I drew the line and confronted her, and then she starts turning it on me.
She starts deflecting everything by saying she's now pregnant which for me was what I always wanted. I took the loans to tide us over. Then she blamed it on me months later when she had the miscarriage saying it was all the stress I was putting her though.” 
I swallow, “So how did you catch her out?”
Reuben pauses for moment then smiles which turns into a chuckle. “Excuse me, I'm laughing at how ridiculous this started to get. So, like anyone these days I start to check her profile. You know I thought it was odd for a girl her age to have no social media. No Facebook account. No Instagram. Heck, I even googled her and there was nothing. She didn’t have friends outside work that she mixed with. Sheesh, she spent enough time taking photos of herself and her booty.
“She's probably on Tik Tok.” Louis says.
I raise an eyebrow, “That's for teens.”
“No, it's not. I have an account. Oh! You’re right, TikTok wasn't around.”
I shake my head. “Sorry for the interruption, please Reuben continue.”
“So, I luck out finding any trace of her online until I remember I still have a copy of her C.V. I start going through it and I ring up the references and get hold of one who was her ex-boyfriend who she blackmailed to give her a stunning appraisal. It was only till I leaned on him a bit and explained who I was, he told me her real name.
Daryna Olynyk. Turned out her boyfriend was living out of fear for his life as she told him she was part of the Russian mob and if he said anything, she would arrange to kill him. She even got some old dude to rough him up. Beating the brakes off him if he went to the police.
It was a lie, because the guy that beat him up was some old creep she was seeing on the side too and told him about her abusive boyfriend. Of course, she would eventually go on to do the number on him too when the old creep tried to sue Samantha a year later for, like, eighty grand or something. Samantha's university education all paid for, by him. The old guy had to get the guy he beat up to testify, so he could win his case.”
I say, “That would have been awkward. Samantha goes through men like a monkey going from branch to branch. What does she have on you that got you so spooked?”
Reuben walks out of the water and squeezes his toes into the sand. A tiny crab walks over his toes before digging itself into the sand. 
“I confronted her and when she tried to deny it, I called her by her real name. Man did I corner that bitch good. I was so pissed off that I grabbed all her things and threw them on the lawn and tried to kick her out of the house. I lost it.
Reuben closes his eyes, then steps on the crab. “Then she recorded me on her iPhone going absolutely berserk. I called her every name under the sun and threatened to kill her if she didn't get out. I dragged her out on to the lawn in front of all the neighbors. That was my mistake. I regret saying those things.
“We all do. Especially Braith. Who was in a similar situation.” Louis says.
“So, she went to the police?” I say while eyeballing Louis.
“No, they rocked up to our place, but she oddly smoothed things over with them. Saying it was all a misunderstanding. I thought maybe she realized her error. But no, no, a few days later, she sends the iPhone recording to my business partner in an email titled The Face of Pacifica Enterprises, saying that if we don't pay her out she will go to the media.”
“The media would have crucified you for damn sure.” 
Reuben nods, as he puts his socks and shoes on.
Louis says, “So why didn't you go to the police, you had a case of bribery right there! A criminal offence in writing!”
“We couldn't risk any negative media exposure to the company. I couldn't. We had spent over five million in television advertising with my mugshot and a video like that? Regardless of what I say they won't believe a man is innocent. The whole company reputation would have been stuffed, let alone the people who worked there. We employ 120 workers and the business we had, clients would have dropped us in a heartbeat. She even wanted the house we were living in too.”
“Damn... She got that too?” my eyes widen.
Rueben nods. 
“God, she took you to cleaners!” Louis said.
“She sure did. She took the house. The company paid her out, and she gave us the recording and signed a non-disclosure from her that nothing happened and the video was fake. Not that it matters these days.”
“Yeah, that did fuck all for Harvey Weinstein.” I said.
“I know that Samantha has a copy. Deterrence, insurance, countermeasures. Whatever you call it she's clever as they come. So, I can't have you guys bringing it up to her or else I'm screwed. My goal was to tell you what she’s capable of so you can prepare. Or take my humble advice, get the hell out of there. She will always be two steps ahead of you. Quit! It's not worth it to mess with her. You won't win!”
I say, “Fuck this bitch. We're not giving up.” We shake hands and I say, “We promise not to say anything. You have our word. Thank you for your time, Reuben, this helps us a lot.”
Reuben gets all teary eyed and says, “All I wanted was to be a father you know, I put all my hopes and dreams on a woman and my life has ended in ashes. I lost everything.”
Sitting in the car with Louis, I take out my phone and stop it recording. Playing back the footage, he gets in my ear about recording and asks we respect Reuben's wishes. My thumb hovers’ over the delete video icon.
I said, “I promise I won't say anything…”

***
Claire Deville

Samantha leaves and I start to make dinner. I am feeling a bit off, even a little sick after hearing Samantha's story. I think long and hard about everything she said. I decide to make Braith my own version of KFC chicken, grabbing the spices from the cupboard, racking my brain trying to remember them all. Suddenly I feel these muscled arms snake around me and kiss me on the cheek.
“You’re home early.” I say as I lay out the twelve spices on the bench.
“Yeah, it has been hell of a day and I need a drink.”
“Milk is in the fridge.”
“Funny.”
I watch as Braith goes to grab the glasses when he sees the empty bottle then his eyes shift to the two empty glasses.
Braith smiles then says, “I hope you weren't holding the glasses in both hands?”
“No way.” I laugh. “Samantha was here.”
Braith eyes widen and he turns pale as a ghost.
“What the heck was she doing here?”
“She came to apologize.”
“Claire, whatever she said, she's full of shit!”
“Why's that? Braith, I've known her since kindergarten. She's looked after me. I know there has been tension between us, in fact all of us. But she wants to smooth things over and make it work. You read the proposal, right?”
He fills his glass grunts, “The first page.”
“Knowing you Braith, you probably cherry-picked the words disestablished and restructure.”
“Yeah well, she should have made it one page instead of ten and saved a few trees” He takes a long swig and his phone starts to ring. I see that its Louis. Braith swipes it on silent.
“Well if you read the last page it would have said Samantha is now our CEO.
Braith coughs, spitting out the whiskey “What! Bullshit!”
I pick up the copy of the proposal on the table and hand it Braith. He flicks to the last page, eyes wide he throws the paper to the side in disgust. He rubs his eyes.
He says, “What's your take on all this?”
“We keep our jobs.”
“I'm not working under her. No.”
“I mean I would still have a job and you would get the job over Louis.”
“Not with two and zero.”
“It won't be that bad.”
“Her as CEO? I'm trying to picture it. It would be like some helicopter mom telling you off all the time.”
“She's better than Geoff.”
“I can handle Geoff. She does my head in.”
Braith takes another swig. He stares at me. A deathly stare that makes me feel uncomfortable.
“What?”
“How well do you really know her?”

***
11pm.

I can’t sleep. Shocked at everything Braith has told to me. The shock feels like when Skynet took over the world sending it to hell in The Terminator. After everything, she said, I'm at odds with her. Her real name being Daryna Olynyk, gosh she was so pissed off at her Dad she changed her name? Tossing and turning, I’m angry at the things she did and lives she ruined. I want to call her and confront her... but I can’t. 
I turn over to cuddle up to Braith to see all the missed messages from Louis. I'm assuming it's the CEO news. It lights up again and shines on Braith’s face, waking him up. He switches it off and looks at me.
“Are you ok?”
“No. Braith, I wish we had never accepted Geoff's offer and went out on our own.”
He exhales, “Yeah I feel the same way now.”
“Let's quit. We can start again!”
“I... can't right now. Not with the stuff she's done. Not with what is happening with the job. I’m not a quitter.”
“There’s no shame in it. What are you going to do? You can’t go to cops, with what you know about Samantha. You’re just as -”
A heavy silence ensued then Braith flinches, “Guilty as she is... that's what you wanted to say?”
“No, Braith, you know what I mean. I'm sorry I said it that way.”
“You’ve known me long enough to know that I never give up and neither should you. I want to see this though and apply and if I don't get it, I don't get it, and we move on.”
“I just don't get Samantha. What's her end game?”
“World domination and us as her corporate slaves.” He laughed.
“That's not funny, Braith.”
“Sorry...”
Braith moves in close and kisses me on the lips. Parting my hair, his fingers caress the side of my face.
“She'll never have me Claire, because I am not hers to give.”
“I think you worded it wrong.”
“You get the point.” he whispers as his hands sweep over my breasts. “Damn, you are glowing tonight...”
“No makeup.”
Braith chuckles, “Should do it more often...”
You know I will never let that happen. I can’t stop moaning as the pleasurable feeling trickles down my body. His touch... Braith leans in and kisses me again before we make love into the night...

***
Braith Deveraux

A rising tide raises all ships
Caracas Offices
Monday
2pm.

I take the morning off to go offsite to go through the proposal thoroughly. Even at 10 pages, I can still summarize it in a few sentences. Geoff is stepping down. Samantha will be CEO and Louis and I will have to reapply for my job which will be retitled Senior Account Manager. Which may mean I may be out of the running because they may look externally. Companies say they do this to find the best candidate but with Samantha calling the shots...
At least if I don't get it I go out on my shield and I can live with that. I'm not sure about Louis though, and his intentions. He spots me as soon as the elevators open. He starts darting for me, running, his gut going up and down like a yo-yo. What has me perturbed is Geoff agreeing to making Samantha CEO. What did she have over him?
“Braith!” I jolt, Louis stops short of bowling my ass over. His hand on my shoulder. He's puffing, sucking air through his teeth.
“I've been trying to ring and text you the whole bloody day and last night!” 
“Yes, Louis I know. I read the proposal.”
“No, it's not that. Come with me.”
I raise an eyebrow and Louis points to one of the meeting rooms. We walk in and the room is kitted out with a 65” TV for conferences. There are couple of cadets in there on a Skype call. Louis turns it off and kicks them all out. Not even a word, finger pointing to the door.
“We could have gone to my office you know.”
“Red Alert Emergency. Defcon five. Oh! my god! Oh! my god!” I watch Louis pace around the room. Back and forth. Palms clasped on his cheeks. Breathing so tense like he's having a baby.
“Spit it out will ya!”
“Ok Braith. You know me, and you know how nothing gets past me. I pride myself on that. Details. Accuracy. Tenacity. I thought I would fact check Samantha or should I say Daryna. I can't help myself when I'm around her I'm just itching to tell her name to her face...”
“Louis, don't you dare bring that up around her. Reuben told us not to say. You're going off topic. Focus!”
“Ok! Ok!” He breathes in deep. “Remember when we were talking to Reuben how he mentioned the guy that beat her boyfriend up then tried to sue Samantha after he was played.”
“Yeah, the old guy.”
Louis pauses, saying nothing. The suspense isn't killing me but my patience sure was.
“So, as the case was filed through the court, I went online and trawled around the time frame, checking the civil cases filed, an exotic name like Daryna would stick out like dog’s balls and it sure did. And I, with my brilliance and superior intellect was able to get the name of that plaintiff...”
“Who?”
“Geoff Caracas.”
“Get the fuck outta here!”
Louis pinches the knot of his tie, “Nope, here's the file. Got a copy off his lawyer.”
I read through the case, “How the hell did you get that?”
“Duh! Geoff's lawyer is the company lawyer too!”
“Oh, shit you're right! Raymond Elise, he overlooks all our contracts and shit. Oh my God!
Louis nods repeatedly, “Yes Braith. Oh my God!”
My blood boils. My fist clenches. “I'm going to see Geoff. That lying mother fuck-”
“No Braith. Don't!”
Not even God himself can stop me!
***

I storm into Geoff's office as Louis tugs at my suit jacket. I end up dragging his fat ass as I arrive at Samantha's office which is on the way. I stop to see her at her computer. She takes off her reading glasses, raising an eyebrow at me.
I say, “You’re a piece of work, aren't you Daryna!”
I shut her door and go into Geoff's office. Louis files in behind me and starts closing all the blinds.
Geoff blasts. “The hell are you doing, Louis!”
“Sorry sir, I thought it was best to mask Braith's mental breakdown and quite possibly a violent one. You might be next. Cops on standby.” I flick my eyes to Louis who holds his palms out surrendering as he takes a chair. He holds his phone, signaling to Geoff that he will call. What a dick.
Geoff, all relaxed, is standing by the window smoking a cigar, perhaps celebrating his new-found retirement. I put the court case file blank side showing on his desk and Geoff stares at it. He puts out the cigar and the smoke drifts to us as Louis fans away the cancerous cloud. He clears his throat. “Son, I would give you one, but I thought I would wait till appropriate. Thirsty?”
“I saw the job advertised externally, the same day I got the proposal and HR’s email to the company about the vacancy before we could say anything. What a shitty consultation.”
Geoff quenches his dry throat with swig of whiskey. He hands me a glass which I sure need after what I heard. I drain the whole glass in one hit. My eyes water, I almost retch. Louis refuses, perhaps preferring popcorn by the way he is enthralled.
Geoff says, “Smoke and mirrors, Braith. We had to advertise as they had an earlier deadline to make the newspaper. Sorry if that offended you.”
“Why? And most of all why didn't you tell me that you were sleeping with Samantha or should I say Daryna.”
Geoff shunts, “What the hell are you talking about? Don't be ridiculous!”
“Turn the court case document over.”
He turns it. The words hit his brain. He closes his eyes. Shaking his head.
“Who told you?” he mumbles then chucks the folder into the shredder.
“I -” Louis coughs behind me. “We! Know everything. Just tell us the truth.”

Geoff is gob smacked. Eyes wide without a word to say. He relents, closing his eyes, chin falling.
He said, “Daryna and I go back 10 years when I met her on the internet.”
I balk at hearing such nonsense, “You barely know how to use a computer!”
“A monkey can use Tinder.” Geoff holds up his phone for reference. I cringed at the thought of what his pic would look like. Probably posed next to his Ferrari.
“That's desperate, Geoff.”
“Don't judge me son, at the time I was going through my third divorce. That point in my life I was getting sued by my ex-wives and paying child support payments for daughters I couldn't see.
That hit me pretty hard, that I couldn't see my daughters. I even had a restraining order filed against me so I couldn't even ring or talk in person to them. Birthdays... Weddings... Any attempt to try to make contact, I'd get a letter from the police threatening action.
Daryna, was everything I wanted to do for my daughters. To protect. To take care of. To spoil. Yes, I paid for the university education and cars and what not. To see that joy on her face... And get your minds out of the gutter because I didn't see her as the kind of woman I'd want to fuck.
“Good, because Louis would have called the cops right now to report a pedophile.”
Geoff chuckles before taking another swig. “As I was saying, our interactions were cordial. We spent time together like you would with family. I treated her as my own child till the point she met her boyfriend when it was time for me to move on.”
“Then she lied to you about being beat up by him.”
“Yes, and I’d have almost killed the guy too, if wasn't for Samantha stopping me. She told me about all the scams she was doing. I felt betrayed and wanted every single cent I had spent on her back. So, I went to court and I ended up winning, which did me no good because she filed for bankruptcy soon after.”
I say, “Explains why she changed her name. I'm pissed, ‘cause I wasted my valuable time getting these sales to prove myself when in the end it was all a façade. FUGAZI. So, what does she have on you that made you make her CEO?”
“Her having something on me? No one pulls anything over me and gets away with it. No, around that time you started going postal she reached out saying she had the money to pay me back. Rather than take the money I made her the offer to come work here. I was curious to see how she would fare against the best.
To see her operate with such ruthlessness is a testament to my teachings and my time invested in her. I was always planning for my exit when she offered big money to buy a share into Caracas. Thought she was lying at first until she told me about the sale of her home. I saw it as my chance to step back and let her run things.”
“What about us Geoff, for all those years we slogged our guts for you!”
“Do you have eleven million to buy my shares?”
“No. Even then, you could have extended a courtesy, maybe me and Louis could have chipped in. I have shares too.”
I turn to Louis for encouragement. He says, “I barely have fifty dollars to my name!”
Geoff shrugs, “There you go then, you broke bastards.”
“You don't know about the other stuff she's done too, Geoff!”
He waves his palm. “I don't want to know. I don't care! Its not like you two are angels either. Oh, and I know what you did too, Louis. I spent a lot of money trying to fix your guys’ fuck ups and talking to the police to deflect their investigation. This also stops Samantha from ratting out you two and tarnishing the conduct of this company to the media. This gives us all a clean slate. Think about my decision. It is the best thing we could have done.”
“For you that is...”
I get up, leave the room and head down the hallway when I see Samantha in the meeting room talking with Claire. I bolt. Louis tries to hold me back... He's not holding me back...

***
Claire Deville

I’m sitting in the meeting room in the middle of a conference call with the cadets when Samantha comes in. I mute the sound and stand. So pissed off.
“Can I interrupt for a second?”
“Braith told me everything. How's that for communication? I can't believe you did all those things.”
“He is lying! How long have we known each other Claire? From kindergarten, right? So how are you going to trust someone you’ve only known for six months? Someone who has cheated in the past. Who has paid bribes to Tricia! Why can't you get it through your thick skull that he's no good.”
I listen, mulling over the points she has said.
“I wish you had never come here, Samantha, seems all you brought is drama.”
“I brought the truth.” Samantha shakes her head. “I'm a big believer that everything happens for a reason. That I was brought here to show you what Braith is really like. He's trying to set me up! Braith is jealous that I'm going to be CEO. This whole story he's fabricated is ridiculous! Don't you think?”
On the surface of it, it was something pulled out of Tiger King on Netflix.
Samantha comes up to me, holds my hands. Her eyes teary, “Why would I lie to you Claire? What do I have to gain? I have looked after you, have I not? You're not losing your job. You are working under better conditions. Braith is not fired either.”
CRACK
I turn as the door crashes in and Braith bursts in. Grabbing Samantha by the throat, he slams her on the desk.
He screams, “You lying cunt! I know everything about you. How you blackmailed that guy Reuben. How you manipulated Geoff!”
“I don't know what you're talking about!”
“Don't lie. You piece of shit! Geoff confirmed everything, you fucking gold digger!”
I try to pull Braith away, his grip too strong.
Braith hisses, “Is this your best friend Claire? Ask her! Ask her to tell the truth!”
Louis pulls me away to make way for Geoff. Braith then kicks the door behind him, hitting Geoff on nose.
I peer in to see Samantha smiling. I can't make out what she's saying to Braith. Geoff bursts in again and rips Braith off him before throwing a right, hitting Braith in the eye. He falls back outside into the hallway, knocked out cold. I rush to aid him before I'm pushed away by security, and they take him into the lobby.
Samantha goes all hysterical, clutching her throat, turning to the TV as the cadet's witness what happened.
“See! Did you see that?” she starts hyperventilating, “He tried to kill me, Claire!” I rush out to the Lobby. Before I can even speak to Braith he's put into a police car.
***

Three Hours Later.
Central Police Station

I sit in the visitor room across from Braith divided by a thick glass partition. His eye all bruised, he shifts his chair forward and picks up the phone.
He says, “I'm sorry Claire.”
“What the hell were you thinking!”
“She admitted it Claire, did you hear it?”
“No, I didn't hear anything. I can't believe what you did!”
“I wasn't going to hurt her, I... I, was so mad.”
“She's going to press assault charges, and she is even going as far as attempted murder. She has witnesses. Video!”
“You know what she did!”
“I don't know who to believe right now. But that doesn't excuse your behavior!”
Braith closes his eyes, “Babe I'm so sorry. Everything that has happened, everything I know about Samantha. What Geoff told me. It all got to me.”
“Still no excuse to strangle her. Samantha's asked if I can move into her apartment, she's very traumatized. I need some space.”
“Her traumatized? Can't you see it was all an act! Are you fucking serious right now? Her place!”
“I need to be there for her right now.”
Braith slams his palm against the window, “What about being there for me!”
“I feel like everything that's happened I've been pushed into. I don't know who is telling the truth.”
“Please Claire, anyone but her! She’s had it in for me since she started here. She's jealous of what we have. She even told Graham to break it off with you as she had photos of you together and threatened to show his wife. Don't you realize that?”
“Don’t you dare bring up Graham. Now you're reaching, Braith. I... I just don't know... I need some time to figure things out.”
***

1 week later
4pm.

Geoff gave us all the week off due to the events that happened. Because Samantha wanted to escalate the charges to attempted murder. I am deeply saddened that everything has come to this. I move into Samantha's new apartment. Standing in the lounge everything is minimalist. A studio with black leather couches. Walls painted white. Hardwood floors. Sterile and empty like the life she lives. Big ceiling to floor windows.
I sit on the sofa, looking out at the view of boats in the harbor. The front door opens and Samantha comes in sporting a brace around her neck. The whole week her voice has been hoarse as she said the doctor diagnosed bruised vocal cords.
She sits down with me and tells me about her progress with the lawyers. Braith is looking at a maximum term of 14 years in prison. My mind is torn. With everything that has happened, I still love Braith. But my gut is that he shouldn’t be punished that severely.
“Chin up.” Samantha says as she finger combs her hair. “It will all be over soon.”
“I can't believe that Braith is going to jail for that length of time. It’s too much.”
“He deserves it.”
I look at Samantha as she scratches at the brace on her neck. I think about everything that she said to me and everything Braith said. Deep down my gut is telling me that this isn't right. And to see Samantha revel in her revenge on the man I love is so heartbreaking. The sadness I feel. Missing Braith already.
I blink out tears. “Does he?”
Samantha says nothing.
I says, “I'm so sorry Braith did this to you. Is there any way you can drop the attempted murder charge?”
“No way! Did you see what he did? Are you fucking blind?” she points at her neck. But I am not convinced that Braith even pressed that hard. The smile... The smile is what is bugging me.
“What did you say to Braith when you two were alone? I saw you smiling.”
“I just told him how paranoid he was. I was smiling cause of the stupid story he told you to put me against you. You think I would do all those things?”
“Please Samantha, I get that he does deserve some form of punishment, but 14 years?”
“Hello? He could have killed me! If he does this to me out of anger, he would do this to you!” She frowns, “Or has he?”
“Shut up. Braith has never laid a hand on me. You're twisting it” I pause, closing my eyes. Replaying the events of the day. I recall Braith's right hand around her throat. Then the words Samantha said. I can't get that smile... out of my head. She's lying, Claire...
SNAP SNAP
I flinch as Samantha snaps her fingers twice in front of me.
“Are you Ok?” she says, “Has he hit you?”
“No! Never!”
“Ha! You can be so ungrateful you know that? Maybe I should drop the charges so he can beat some common sense into you.”
I go quiet, staring at how my friend has changed so much. How vindictive she is. Those photos on my phone of us growing up are now faded memories.
“Was everything you said about your Mom true? That you wanted the opportunity to pay her back for the hardships she faced.”
“Of course. Why?”
“If your Mom saw the things you did, would she be proud of you?”
Samantha leans back into her chair, she's eyeballing me. Jaw grinding.
“Is she looking from heaven above right now. Knowing the things, you have done. Is she smiling. Is she proud of her daughter who has ruined so many lives. The men you robbed of their livelihoods. The families you hurt.”
“Your talking crap, Claire. Get over it.”
“I'm trying to put a finger on your behavior as to why you act this way. Like everyone is out to get you. This hatred of men. Is it because your Dad left you at a young age that you grew up all messed up? Does it not affect you emotionally when you do shit like this?”
“Don't you dare bring him up and try to psychoanalyze me. Bitch!” She folds her arms, tensing them, “They all deserved it. Every. Single. One of them.”
I shake my head, “So they do something wrong and you decide to get back at them.”
“Kill or be killed.” Samantha says.
“Gosh, I'm not a religious person but you can't live like that Samantha. You can't treat others like that.”
“Oh my god, you’re so pretentious. You preaching now? So, what do I do, turn the other cheek? Confess my sins to the priest?”
“I'm just saying where is your empathy... I can't believe this is who you are now. My opinion and trust of you was built upon the Samantha I knew in the past. That girl I grew up with who was always smiling, who was caring. You really are Daryna now... I don't know who this person is. My friend died a long time ago.”
She wipes her eyes. “Claire, I am that same person! I never changed. Who the hell has been looking out for you since all this shit has happened! Me! Fucking me!”
“Yeah...Me!” I exhale as the shadows pass over her and I see her for what she truly is.
“I'm sorry Samantha.”
“What are you sorry for?”
“For not being there, after university. For not making the effort to be in contact. For not being there to prevent this... thing you've become!”
Samantha says nothing peering out the window.
“Even though Braith messed up, I will still love him unconditionally. I wish you had the chance to know what that is like... I really do. I wish your Dad didn't abandon you. I wish you had the chance to do those things with your Mom. Because all you have done is spread misery and heartache. 
I beg you please! Drop the charges.” I cover my eyes as I can’t stop sobbing. I take a moment to get my shit together.
She says, “Friend or no friend. Nothing you will say will change what I'm going to do.”
***

Central Police Station
Auckland
New Zealand

Present day.

The cop plays the video again. Braith tries remembering what he said word for word, to give the video context. Before he’s able to open his mouth, he is interrupted by a knock at the door, the cop stands, knocking the chair back. There is a girl at the door.
“Claire!” Braith stands as they embrace in a hug. “What are you doing here?”
Claire turns her head as Samantha walks into the room. She hands the detective a piece of paper, and he reads it line by line, shaking his head. He has his hands on his hips. Arguing with Samantha to make sure if this is what she wants to do. Samantha insists and reluctantly the detective leans over to take the cuffs off Braith.
Detective Suarvea says, “You're free to go. Turns out.” He pauses, jaw grinding, then takes a deep breath. “It was all a misunderstanding.”
They get processed, and, all belongings gathered, they head outside. Samantha is standing there watching as they embrace. She locks eyes with Braith. Waiting from a distance. 
“What did you say to Samantha?” Braith asks Claire.
“I convinced her to tell the truth. Something we all should have said to each other in the first place. She came over this morning and totally changed her tune. I gave her a massive speech to make her reconsider. I guess it sunk in.”
Braith stares at Samantha as she takes out her phone. Braith takes the call, thinking about the email he sent to her titled; The Face of Caracas with an attachment of the whole video he recorded of Reuben’s testimony. Giving Samantha a taste of her own medicine. The chat was brief, and he ends the call tossing the phone in the bin. He takes in a deep breath of fresh air. Freedom.
“My hero?” Braith says. Claire gives Braith a pinch as she flushes red. “Thank you for speaking to her.”
“You’re welcome.”
Braith says, “This whole journey started from lies and spiraled into complete chaos. I should have listened to you from day one, we should have started our own company. For damn sure we’re gonna make that happen now.” Braith kisses Claire on the lips. “I promise. A new start. A new future. You and me.”
Claire smiles, “Speaking of the truth. There's something else I have to tell you.”
“What?” Braith jolts, a puzzled expression crosses his face.
Claire says, “It was a one in one hundred chance...”
Thank you for reading Recalibrate.

Please visit my Facebook page for more Romance stories. Everything is connected.
Calibrate and Tempered Hearts interlink with Recalibrate.

David Manoa – Romance Writer will return in 

Indigo Ink – with Samantha Cohen and Louis Waters (July 2020)

There is plenty more there for you.

Thanks again,

David

























