

Copyright © 2018 by Hanleigh Bradley
www.hanleighbradley.com
hanleigh@hanleighbradley.com


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the publisher, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review.
This book is licensed for your personal use only. Please respect the author’s work and refrain from sharing it with others. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
The characters, organisations and events in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.
This book is written in UK English as the author is a British author. You may notice the occasion variation in spelling and grammar if you are used to reading in American English. 

Hanleigh’s London Saga

All the books in this Contemporary British Saga have interwoven plotlines, returning characters and places. These books are best read in order to avoid spoilers.

The Rules Series
Broken Rules
Enforced Rules
Revised Rules
A Secret Melody

The History Series
Repeating History
Deleting History
Forging History
A History In Paris

The Intimacy Series
Damaged Intimacy
Entangled Intimacy
Forceful Intimacy
Call Me Doctor

The Fate Series
Inescapable Fate
Inexplicable Fate
Irreversible Fate
A Bleak December

Hanleigh’s London Standalone
Dr. Xmas

Hanleigh’s London Boxsets
RULES
HISTORY
INTIMACY
FATE

Find out more about Hanleigh’s Books on her website.




Hanleigh’s London Saga

CHAPTER ONE
Georgia

CHAPTER TWO
Walker

CHAPTER THREE
Georgia

CHAPTER FOUR
Walker

CHAPTER FIVE
Georgia

CHAPTER SIX
Walker

CHAPTER SEVEN
Georgia

CHAPTER EIGHT
Walker

CHAPTER NINE
Georgia

CHAPTER TEN
Walker

CHAPTER ELEVEN
Georgia

CHAPTER TWELVE
Walker

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Georgia

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Walker

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Georgia

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Walker

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Georgia

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Walker

CHAPTER NINETEEN
Georgia

CHAPTER TWENTY
Walker

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
Georgia

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Walker

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
Georgia

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Walker

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
Georgia

Preview of Inexplicable Fate

Preview of Dr. Xmas

THANK YOU!

Hanleigh Bradley’s Newsletter

About Hanleigh

Hanleigh’s London Saga
Dear Reader,
Do you believe in fate? Do you believe that one action leads to another?
Where you believe in fate or you believe in the power of your own choices, it’s a nice idea to think you’re fated for someone.
I hope you all find your fated someone.
Hanleigh
My little lioness was not easy to tame.

CHAPTER ONE
Georgia
Worst bloody Christmas of my life!
I had never thought I’d be so grateful to get back to work on the 27th of December. We’d been sat there at the dinner table, enjoying what should have been a fantastic dinner with the people we love and he had to go and ruin it all.
His mum had asked a simple question, one my mother was itching to ask too. A question I had hoped they’d leave off for at least another six months but when I heard it, I thought we’d behave like grown-ups and answer it reasonably.
What I didn’t expect was for him to have said what he did.
I was just as shocked as everyone else at the table, at a complete loss for how to respond.
“So, when will you be getting married then?” his mum had asked in a teasing tone as she elbowed him gently.
I’d laughed slightly and gone to answer the question myself. We’ve not thought about it, was on the top of my tongue, it was the truth after all.
Even if we’d been together since high school, we’d never once considered getting married. We had been friends before we started dating. We’d been dating for five years; ever since our last year at secondary school and before that, we’d been friends for over ten years.
There were so many things to discuss before we could agree to spending the rest of our lives together, like if we wanted kids and how many.
We’d never once discussed the future, and part of me believed it was because we both knew that we were just passing time until something or someone better came along.
It wasn’t that I didn’t love him, I did.
I loved him more than almost anyone else, but it wasn’t the way I imagined being in love. Something was missing and over the years, I’d convinced myself that that was okay, that eventually, we might find that missing component.
Darren had apparently disagreed though because this Christmas he dumped me.
“We won’t be getting married,” Darren told me and our families in tandem. His eyes were glued to the table in front of him as he continued, “actually I’ve decided we need to break up.”
I wasn’t upset at the prospect of breaking up, not really.
It had felt inevitable.
I was downright pissed that he’d taken it upon himself to make the decision, not including me at all. What was worse was that he’d decided to tell our parents without my consent and on fucking Christmas Day of all days.
“What do you mean?
My father had jumped to his feet, prepared perhaps to defend his little girl.
“We’ve grown apart and there’s no point in continuing this farce.”
His tone was cold and unfeeling. It had left my heart like ice, stuck in shock, unable to speak. He’d never spoken to me like that before, with such disregard for my feelings.
It simply didn’t compute with everything that I knew about him. The person I loved, my best friend, would never do this.
He could have at least shown me some kindness, the kindness you’d show a friend.
“Why are you doing this now?”
My father was furious and I couldn’t really blame him. I wasn’t exactly happy myself.
In a much quieter voice than my father’s, I asked, “why didn’t you discuss this with me before bringing it to our families?”
Or the first time since his mother brought up marriage, he looked at me.
“I didn’t think you’d let me go.”
“Let you go? I’m not holding you hostage,” the pitch of my voice increasing as I spoke.
“I… I didn’t mean it like that.”
“Then what did you mean?” I asked sharply.
My mother dropped her hand to my shoulder and suggested everyone leave us to discuss the situation but just as everyone got up from the table and began to make their way through to the living room, Darren abruptly told them it wasn’t necessary and that he was leaving.
“It’s not as simple as that,” I told him as he gathered his things together. “What about the flat?”
“You can keep it. I don’t want it.”
“What?” I was astounded by his complete lack of feeling. “Where will you stay?”
“I’ll find somewhere.”
“What about your belongings?”
“I’ll ask mum and dad to collect them in the New Year.”
“Why didn’t you talk to me about this?”
I tried to touch his arm, but he flinched away from me as if burnt.
“There was never a right time.”
“There’s no such thing as the right time… As a friend, as your best friend, as someone you’ve known almost your whole life, I deserved to be told properly.”
“I can’t give you what you want.”
“I don’t know what you think I want.”
“Forever.”
“I never asked for that.”
“You didn’t need to, Georgia.”
With those words, he was out the door and I was left to deal with the aftermath. I had to apologise to our families for destroying Christmas, listen to his parents’ apologies, bear through all the absolute crap excuses that our siblings tried to make for him, and attempt to pacify my father’s anger.
Worst Christmas of my life and it was all thanks to Darren Jacks. Thank fuck for being back at work is all I can say!
I’m now standing inside the Detective Chief Inspector’s office with the other Detective Sergeants and Inspectors. Not really sure why we’re waiting here, I twiddle my thumbs, while the boys gossip about their holidays.
Whoever told you guys don’t gossip was lying.
The only difference between men and women is that women gossip about other people while men gossip about themselves.
I’m the youngest Detective Sergeant here and the only girl, but the boys always make me feel welcome. They get a tad overprotective occasionally while other times they seem to completely forget that I’m a girl altogether.
“What about you, Kentley?” John, the oldest of the Detective Inspectors, asks me.
He’s a balding man in his forties, a little tubby round the middle and without a doubt the father of our little family.
“Not much. Just spent it with the family,” I reply with as much indifference as I can possibly muster.
“Didn’t get a ring then?” Alvin, a hotter than hell, yet unfortunately gay DS asks.
“Not unless you’re offering.”
I wink at the six-foot-two black man.
“Sorry lovely,” he smirks, “you’re just not my type.”
We all laugh good-humouredly.
“Any idea why we’re here?” I ask after a moment.
“Impatient as ever, DS Kentley,” a sarcastic voice from the door answers.
“You know me well, Sir.”
I grin as my eyes meet the eyes of my father, Detective Chief Superintendent Kentley.
I know what you’re thinking.
You’re wondering if the reason I’ve already made DS at the ripe old age of twenty-three is that my dad just so happens to be the DCS and I honestly don’t know the answer. I know that when I joined the force, I begged my dad not to use his influence when it came to my career and I’ve always given him the benefit of the doubt. If he’s betrayed that promise, well then, I don’t think he’s the dad I think he is.
He’s always treated me just like the rest of the boys.
When I first started out as a Police Constable, I never saw him and when I did, he acted as if he didn’t know me at all. It was just how I wanted it to be.
The rest of the force hadn’t known he was my father – at that time the only people who knew were the girls in HR.
That had changed the night I got stabbed on the job. I’d been held hostage and that was the first time my dad had failed to do his job.
He’d had to ask his deputy to step in for him. He knew right there and then that his fatherly instinct to protect me would put the rest of the mission in jeopardy and worse could risk other people’s lives.
After that, he tried to swap me with paperwork to keep me out of the field and it wasn’t until John, the father of the precinct spoke to him that he finally relented.
Good old John.
It had always amazed me that even his superiors showed him so much deference.
“I’ve got something to share with you all,” he continues as he makes his way into the room.
My eyes aren’t on him though. They are on the man following after him. He has a dark stubbly beard that just begs to be touched. His eyes are a coppery hazel and his hair is pretty short, but not so short you’d think he was a thug.
He’s wearing a suite, but his jacket is currently in his hand, allowing me to see the muscles that he’s hiding underneath his shirt.
He’s built.
Just one look and my mind clouds over with lust.
“DCI Collins has been transferred to Surrey Police. He wants to be closer to his family.”
That’s not exactly news. His wife just had a baby in September and all he has been able to talk about for months is baby Jessica’s feeds, nappies, cries… apparently he can differentiate between her cries. As I’m not a parent, I can’t tell if he’s being an idiot or if it’s a real thing, but I have had to bite my tongue more times than I can count to stop myself from telling him to ‘get a grip’.
The boys all just nod their heads, they’re not surprised either, and I notice the little grins that tell me that they are just as relieved as I am.
“His replacement starts this morning. Let me introduce you to Detective Chief Inspector Trent.”
Everyone quickly mumbles a “good day, sir,” by way of greeting.
DCI Trent looks to be in his mid-twenties. He can’t be that much older than me. It’s hard not to be impressed. He must have worked damn hard to become DCI already.
“Hello everyone,” he says in a commanding voice; quiet and controlled. “I’m looking forward to working with you all.”
He looks at us all briefly before returning his attention to my dad.
Dad grins and smacks him on the back.
“I know you’ll do great, Trent,” and with that, he leaves the room.
John cuts the silence that’s left. “Good to have back, Sir.”
“It feels strange having you call me sir, John.”
His smirk is contagious.
“Aye, it’s been a while since you were chasing me around,” John replies. “I remember when you were just a PC. Best recommendation for Detective Sergeant I ever made…”
He then glances my way and gives me a wink.
“Well, joint best.”
“Joint?” DCI looks surprised. “Don’t tell me my brilliance has been surpassed.”
“Not surpassed,” John chuckles, “but definitely matched.”
Trent’s eyes follow John’s until they land on me.
“Detective Sergeant…?”
“Kentley, Sir.” I nod my head.
He doesn’t respond. Instead, he turns back to John.
“She doesn’t look that impressive,” he says in a hushed tone, causing everyone to huff with hidden laughter. I begin to blush in that way that only girls seem to do.
“Impressive?” John tuts. “It’s not about how she looks; it’s about how she thinks.”
I bow my head at his acknowledgment, quietly touched.
Trent doesn’t react.
“Very well. Enough time wasted. We should do some work. I’ve got some catching up to do. I’ve looked over all our cases but what I really need to do is get to know you all. I’ll be spending the next few weeks working closely with all of you. Let’s get at it.”
“Yes, Sir.” The boys nod their heads affably.
I can almost hear their thoughts that Trent is definitely an improvement on Collins, but anything would be an improvement on Collins.
“Right, someone go get some coffees and let’s meet next door in ten minutes for the briefing,” Trent says as we begin to amble out of his office.
DI Jackson is the first to comment when we get to our cubicles. “DCI seems alright.”
“He’s fit as, too.” Alvin chuckles.
“Definitely better than Collins,” DS Milton says, completely ignoring Alvin.
“That doesn’t say much, Milton. A monkey would be better than Collins,” I butt in.
The guys all laugh in response.
“It’s a crazy day when the woman of the group has a problem with a dad that cares about his kid” Milton laughs.
“Cares? It was alright for you lot. I got all the details. He presumed that because I’m a girl, I’d give a shit that his baby waved at him or had a nappy rash.”
“You never know, kid, you might end up just like that when you and Darren have your own wee, little monster.” John smiles kindly at me.
“Eh…” With those words, my happiness at escaping the Christmas From Hell is all gone. “We broke up.”
“You broke up?”
The boys are now all staring at me like I’ve grown a new head.
“Yeah.”
“Over Christmas?”
“Who breaks up at Christmas?”
“I thought you two would get married, have kids, all that shit.”
Their voices are all a jumbled mess in the air in front of me.
“It’s no big deal. I’m good.”
“You’re good?”
“Are you insane?”
“What’s wrong with you?”
Again, with the bombardment of questions.
“We broke up. That’s it. It’s over. Nothing else to say.”
They all go to speak again but John quiets them all down with a single look.
“What did your Pa say?”
“What do you think he said? He threatened to get the firearm squad on him.”
That got the boys laughing but it left me feeling a little hollow. I’d never thought my dad would have reason to get that angry with Darren. Break up or not, I hadn’t seen it happening the way it did.
“Well, best thing you can do is put your effort into your work,” John says, “and if your dad needs back up, I’m here.”
“I’m pretty sure my dad could take him,” I wink at him, “but I’m hoping we can all just put it behind us.”
It’s then that I notice that Trent has joined us, although I’m not sure when and so there is a good chance he has probably heard all about my breakup. Fuck.
“Where’s the coffee?” Trent asks gruffly.
His eyes on me, I can’t help but wonder if he’s asking me about the coffee because I’m a girl or if he’s watching me because he heard our conversation.
Either way, I’m not happy about it. 

CHAPTER TWO
Walker
First day on the job and I’ve already found a reason to dislike it. DS Kentley. She’s going to be a thorn in my side, I can already tell.
If there is one thing I hate, it’s nepotism.
I’d never pictured DCI Kentley to be the sort to give his daughter a leg up though. He’d always been hard as nails when I was training. I’d worked hard and proven myself the way I was supposed to, the way he expected me to, but his little princess of a daughter…
How much help had he given her?
She doesn’t look particularly driven. I just can’t imagine she got to where she is completely on merit alone. Besides, even if she did, what happens when I chide her or rebuke her? Is she going to run off to daddy and complain about me?
She looks like that sort.
What had she said? I’m pretty sure my dad could take him… Who had she been talking about?
Nepotism doesn’t belong in the police… and more importantly, I’m going to make her realise neither does she.
“Where’s the coffee?” I ask, directing my question at her intentionally.
She doesn’t react.
One of the other Detective Sergeants laughs merrily.
“You don’t want her making your coffee.”
The room at large all chuckle and nod their heads in agreement.
“She’ll burn the crap out of it,” another tells me.
“I don’t care who makes the coffee,” I tell them, my temper beginning to rise. “Just somebody get some blasted coffee.”
Alvin jumps to attention.
“Yes, Sir, DCI, Sir.”
Then he darts out of the room.
“Right, let’s get started,” I tell them without looking at anyone in particular, and definitely not at Kentley. I go to open my mouth but am stopped when the desk girl from downstairs pops her head around the door.
“Sorry, Sir,” she says. She’s a quiet, unassuming, timid thing. I give her a big smile and tell her it’s not a problem. “DS Kentley, a Mr Jacks left this for you, just now.”
John and the other guys react immediately.
“Is he still here?”
“Don’t let the Detective Chief Superintendent see him.”
“Where is he? I’ll give him a piece of my mind.”
Kentley seems to be the only calm one in the room as she gets to her feet and approaches the girl.
“What is it?” she asks without hesitation.
“A set of keys,” the uniformed officer tells her as she drops them into her hand.
“Good,” Kentley replies before turning back to me. “Sorry for the interruption, Sir.”
I nod my head and prepare to continue, but the others aren’t paying me any attention at all. Even John’s attention is on her.
“You can’t seriously be okay?” John says. “He’s just given his keys back, kid. So, you were serious when you said you’d broken up?”
“Serious as a heart attack,” she tells him with a happy smile that appears completely devoid of happiness.
“But… you’ve been together… how long? I can’t remember. Long enough I can’t remember!”
Kentley is uncomfortable discussing this and heck I’m uncomfortable for Christ’s sake. This is our workplace and here they all are gossiping about DS Kentley’s love life. Fucking hell.
“John, let’s get back on point,” I say.
“Sorry, Sir,” John replies but his eyes stay glued to Kentley’s face. “It’s just… it doesn’t make much sense.”
I huff in irritation.
What is it about this girl that has all these guys vying for the role of her protector?
“It doesn’t make sense?” I ask.
“No – not one little bit. Kentley, I thought you’d be getting engaged soon, and here you are telling us it’s over.”
“I appreciate your concern,” she says sweetly, “it just didn’t work out. It doesn’t make a whole lot of sense to me either. He confused the shit out of me. I mean who dumps a person on Christmas Day, around the dinner table surrounded by both families.”
“He didn’t?” Alvin has returned with the coffees and considering what sort of a diva he seems to be, I’m surprised they haven’t landed on the floor with him stood above them with a look of abject horror on his face.
“Yeah…” Kentley sighs. “Dad nearly flipped a lid.”
She smiles at the memory.
“Then the bastard left me to deal with everything; his parents, my parents… Everyone was there and he just upped and went.”
There is a chorus of disbelief from all the guys.
“It’s a shame,” John says. “Worst bit is you’ve lost your best friend.”
She nods her head in agreement.
“Yeah. We’ve known each other so long; I honestly thought that even if we broke up so long as we did it mutually, that at least our friendship could survive. I guess he didn’t agree.”
Her eyes give away more than her words. She’s hurt, perhaps not devastated but she’s hurt, but what’s more, she doesn’t want anyone else to know it.
John is across the room and hugging her within seconds.
“Enough!” I call out just as I witness her telling John that she really is fine. “We’ve got work to do. What do you all think this is? The order of business for the day does not include discussing Kentley’s love life as desperately pathetic as it might be.”
There is a round of apologies before finally they settle down and we can get on with some work.
“Tell me about this fancy dress robbery case,” I say to DS Milton.
“Well, Sir, basically we’ve had a string of household robberies over the last month,” Milton replies. “Each time the perp wears a different fancy dress costume. He’s been Santa, a reindeer, an angel and a snowman. All the robberies are within a five-mile radius. We’ve been to the local fancy dress stores and we’re working our way through the list of people who have bought those products – although our concern is that the perp may have bought them online or outside the area.”
“There was a boot print left at the first scene,” John tells me, “and a hair was left at the third. Unfortunately, the hair turned out to be a cat hair – although that isn’t necessarily completely unhelpful as he could have a pet cat.”
“There was a witness at the second,” DS Stone tells me. “A Mrs Pearce. She was putting out her washing when she heard a loud bang from the house next door, so she went around to check on her neighbours. She knocked, but there was no answer. Instead, there was another loud bang. She planned to return to her house – she has a key, you see. She feeds the cat when they go on holidays and the like – but a reindeer opened the door and pushed past her. He was apparently carrying a black sack, was approximately 5’9’’, had a stubbly chin and looked to be in his late twenties, early thirties.”
They go on to tell me their plans for the day.
Milton will be continuing with the list of customers while John Bertell and Stone will be spending their morning at the fourth crime scene.
When they have finished, I turn to Mark Jackson, the other Detective Inspector.
“Our most pressing case right now is the sexual assault and battery. The victim, a Miss Lolt, is currently in the hospital. She’s got a uniformed officer guarding her room. We’ve yet to be able to question her as she was in a pretty bad way,” Jackson tells me. “We’re hoping today will be the day.”
“The hospital said her condition had improved when I called about an hour ago,” Kentley adds.
“DS Milton will be checking in with CSI about the rape kit results and DS Kentley will be accompanying me to interview the victim. Until we’ve interviewed her, we don’t have much to go on at all.”
“Alright. I’m going to come with you both,” I tell them. “Get to it, everyone. Any new leads, or information, keep me informed.”
I get another round of yes sirs.
“I’m going to grab my coat,” I tell Jackson. “We can take my car.”
“Yes, Sir.”
He nods his head before going over to his desk to gather his own stuff. 

CHAPTER THREE
Georgia
“Kentley, I want you to lead the interview,” Jackson is saying, and I know why he’s saying it.
It’s because one, I’m a woman so she might find it easier to talk to me and two, because I’ve been assaulted myself so I’m more likely to be empathetic.
I haven’t been raped but it got pretty close when I was taken hostage. What he’s forgetting about is the fact I don’t talk about that. I’ve buried it in a hole and forgotten where the hole is. I’m not about to let it resurface.
“But, Sir,” I try.
Trent isn’t having it though.
“Your supervisor has given you an order.”
“Yes, Sir,” I say dejectedly.
Jackson frowns at me through the car’s middle mirror.
“I know it’s going to be hard but I really do believe you will get the best response from her.”
“You don’t have to explain your decision to a subordinate,” DCI Trent cuts in. 
He’s quickly getting on my wrong side.
“I’m not explaining,” Jackson retorts. “I’m making sure she’s prepared.”
He then turns back to me.
“I don’t expect you to open up to her or anything, just… I know your sincerity. I want her to see it too.”
“Yes, Sir,” I reply.
I feel Trent’s eyes on me. He’s watching me through the side mirror. He should be watching the road. In fact, I open my mouth to tell him as much, before quickly stopping myself.
“I will do my best.”
“That’s all I want.”
***
When we walk into Miss Lolt’s hospital room, it’s hard not to react to the sight that awaits us. She’s battered and bruised to the point that I don’t think I can see so much as a five pence piece work of unbruised skin.
“Hello Miss Lolt,” I say gently. “I’m Detective Sergeant Georgia Kentley but you can call me Georgia if you like.”
She’s young, no older than myself.
“This is Detective Inspector Jackson and DCI Trent. We’re hoping you are up to talking to us today.”
She nods her head but doesn’t speak. I pull away from the two men and take a seat next to her bed. Trent and Jackson hold back to at least give us the illusion of privacy.
“I’m so sorry to have to make you discuss this. If at any time you need to take a break, please just tell me and we’ll stop.”
Again, she nods her head.
“Could you tell me what happened on the night of the 23rd of December?”
She doesn’t speak straight away. She takes a deep breath, her eyes wide with what I can only imagine is fear.
“I- I was walking home from work,” she begins. “I always take the same route. They say you shouldn’t do that…” She’s rambling slightly but I don’t want to rush her. “You shouldn’t be predictable.”
I nod, showing her I understand.
“It was about nine thirty, and I had a feeling someone was watching me but I ignored it. I had to walk down a street that doesn’t have any street lights. I could have gone the long way but it was so cold…”
“So, you walked down Clementine Road?” I ask.
“Yes… the street without lights,” she confirms. “He was waiting for me… He grabbed me and I tried to fight back but… I scratched him across the face… but he was too strong.”
I listen as she goes on to tell me about how she hadn’t been able to stop him, no matter how hard she tried.
When she has finished, she’s sobbing silently as I hold her hand.
“I’m so sorry that you had to experience that,” I tell her. “We’re going to do everything we can to catch him.”
***
“Her description of him wasn’t great,” Trent says once we’re back in the hospital corridor.
Jackson doesn’t speak. He’s deep in thought.
I glance around, looking for a doctor or a nurse. I leave the guys behind, approaching the nurses’ station. Trent tuts at me as I turn away, muttering something about disobedient, little girls.
“Excuse me,” I say to the nurse at the station.
Trent comes to stand next to me.
“Don’t walk off like that,” he admonishes me.
“Sorry, Sir,” I reply.
The nurse is smiling up at Trent.
WTF, haven’t you seen an attractive man before? You don’t need to drool!
“Can we speak to the doctor responsible for caring for Miss Lolt?” I quickly show her my badge.
Five minutes later, a young woman in a while doctor’s jacket approaches us.
“Hi there, I’m Miss Lolt’s doctor. Doctor Hewitt.”
She offers me her hand to shake.
“Nice to meet you,” I reply politely. “I’m Detective Sergeant Kentley and this is Detective Chief Inspector Trent. We just wanted to ask you a few questions about your patient’s condition.”
“Of course,” she smiles at me sadly, “anything I can do to help.”
“Miss Lolt was obviously very badly injured,” I begin, “but is there anything in particular that stands out?”
“Not so much.” Doctor Hewitt frowns. “Many of her injuries are regularly seen in rape cases…”
“Have you had any unexpected visitors?”
“Her parents have visited, her brother… there was one work colleague…”
“What about the colleague?”
“He seemed quite concerned for her. She was still asleep at the time, and so we didn’t let him in to see her.”
“Did you get a name?”
“Luke… I think he said his name was Luke.”
“Would you be able to describe him to us?” I question.
“Sure. Quite tall, strong looking, dark hair, blue eyes. Dressed really well.”
“Thank you.” I smile at her. “If anything else happens or if you think of anything at all that might be helpful, please don’t hesitate to call.”
I pass her my card.
We exchange pleasantries and then she’s gone. I look around for Jackson but he’s nowhere to be seen. Perhaps he’s gone to find his brother-in-law, Michael. Michael Vincent is a doctor at the Royal London Hospital too.
“Where’s the DI?” I ask Trent.
“Gone off somewhere,” he replies, without looking at me. “Let’s get a coffee while we wait for him.”
“There’s a cafeteria on the next floor,” I say with a grin. “You like coffee quite a bit.”
“Do I?” he asks. “I just need caffeine. Do you think this Luke chap might be the perpetrator?”
“It’s possible,” I glance at his face, “and right now it might be our only lead.”
“Right, then our next stop will have to be the restaurant she works at.”
“Sounds like a plan.”
“Have you interviewed her parents yet?”
“Yeah. We went yesterday; they didn’t have anything that was overly helpful to tell us.”
“Shit…” he curses. 

CHAPTER FOUR
Walker
If I’d hoped that my first day would be amazing and we’d win our first case as a team, I was a fool. Both of our investigations hit a dead end around four and the two teams returned to Scotland Yard feeling dejected.
It turned out that Luke wasn’t actually employed by the restaurant that Miss Lolt worked for. It looked like we had found our suspect, except he was missing.
We returned to the hospital to request access to their CCTV and now I’m sifting through hour after hour of footage with none other than DS Kentley.
I sent the others home hours ago but Kentley had been adamant that she was going to get this done tonight and so I’d relented. Both Jackson and Milton had offered to stay with her. Even Stone had been willing even though he wasn’t working the case. But I’d sent them all packing, telling them that I would stay.
Their eyes had been wide with surprise. Apparently, DCI Collins had never once opted to do overtime.
“I need more coffee.” I rub my eyes.
“You can go home if you’re tired,” she tells me.
How she looks so fresh I have no clue. I’m beginning to look rough around the edges. I’d moved back to London because I’d hated living so far away from Alicia. My flat in Liverpool had been fantastic but it had been rubbish having to constantly travel back and forth between Liverpool and London.
When I wasn’t in London, Alicia had been in Liverpool.
It’s ironic really that I’m now living in London and yet I feel further away from Alicia than I ever have.
The last thing I want to do is go home.
“It’s fine. I can stay.”
“Haven’t you got someone waiting for you at home?” she asks.
Her question surprises me, not because she’s asking about my personal life but because she’s asking about my personal life in such an uninterested way. She’s being polite. She doesn’t give two hoots if I have someone waiting for me. She just wants me to go away.
Stupid Bint.
“I’m not leaving,” I tell her.
“Fine. Then get coffee. We might be here awhile.”
I stand up and make my way to the kitchen. It isn’t until I get there that I realise that I just let her boss me about.
Stupid, nepotistic Bint.
***
“That’s him!”
I jolt away as someone is pushing their tiny hand into my shoulder blade.
“Shit. That hurts.”
“Sorry, Sir.”
My eyes are still closed, and I can’t quite place the voice.
“But I think we’ve found our suspect.”
That’s when it comes back to me. I’m at the yard and the voice belongs to DS Kentley. I quickly sit up and pay attention.
“How long have I been asleep?”
“Not long.”
“You should have woken me.”
“Nah. You were fine.” She smiles at me. “It’s him.”
She points excitably at the screen when I see a man that perfectly matches the doctor’s description, trying to enter Miss Lolt’s room.
“Good work, Kentley,” I say as I stretch my arms out. “That’s enough for today.”
“But…”
“No buts.”
I glance at my watch. It’s coming up for midnight and I need to get home.
“We’ve got him on CCTV. This gives us something to work with tomorrow. Time to rest.”
She prints off a screenshot of the perp and gets to her feet, making her way over to her team’s whiteboard. Above the pictures of the victim, her injuries and the crime scene, she sticks the picture of our new suspect.
Then she returns to her desk to gather her things.
“See you tomorrow, Sir.”
“Yeah, see you tomorrow.”
Then she leaves and I’m left alone.
***
The next day, I wake to reports of yet another break in. John walks me through everything the second I get to Scotland Yard.
It’s difficult not to react to the fact that this time the perp decided to dress up as Mrs Claus.
I try my best to keep the jokes in my head.
My phone rings just as I enter my office.
“Yeah?”
“Alright Walker,” my best friend Tristan calls down the line. “So, did you do it?”
“Do it?”
I’m confused.
“Propose!” He’s talking about the engagement ring that’s burning a hole in my pocket.
“Oh that…” Fuck. How do I explain that he was right?
“Yeah that.”
“She said no.”
“Shit. Sorry man.”
“It’s alright. Haven’t really stopped to think about it.”
“Have you ended things?”
“Not sure.” I run my hand through my hair as I take my seat. “We haven’t really spoken since. We’re like passing ships. Anyway, how are you?”
“I’m good.”
“Going to introduce me to the new girlfriend who is keeping you busy?”
“Soon.”
“Ace. Right, got to go. Criminals to catch and all that.”
“Speak to you soon.”
“Yeah – we’ll have to go out for a pint.”
“Good call.”
He’s a good lad, Tristan. He doesn’t tell me he told me so. He doesn’t point out that I was stupid for even considering proposing. He’s a great mate. It’s a pain I didn’t listen to him in the first place.
“Actually Trent, I have a favour to ask…”
That’s not like Tristan. He doesn’t do favours.
“What is it?” I ask.
“I have a little boy that would love to come visit the yard.”
“Bring him by any time,” I say without hesitation.
“Really?” His voice rings with excitement.
“Sure. Who are you talking about? What kid?” I frown slightly as I try to work out who he’s talking about. Tristan doesn’t have a close family. “Does your new girlfriend have a kid?”
“It’s her brother, Thomas. They’ve had a rough time of it recently. Their mum just died.”
“I’m sorry,” I say even though I’m talking about people I’ve never met.
“No worries. We might pop in today after school…”
“Sure. Bring him by.”
***
Turns out that Kentley is about as disobedient as a… well actually, I can’t think of anything that could possibly be as disobedient as her.
Last night when I sent her home, she decided to completely disregard my order. Instead, she spent what was left of her evening running the suspect’s face through the facial recognition software.
It was a job we could have done this morning but apparently it wouldn’t be soon enough.
As pissed as I am, I have to admit it is nice having a lead. She managed to get a name and an address. I should be impressed with her dedication or something but actually, what I feel is peeved.
I sent her home.
Jackson and Milton are interviewing Miss Lolt’s friends this morning, leaving me to go with Detective Sergeant Kentley to the address.
“I’m driving,” I tell her without so much as a glance her way as we walk towards the carpark.
“Yes, Sir,” she replies.
Her eyes are glued to the screen of her phone.
“You’re not focused, Kentley. Get in the game.”
My voice is terse and probably angrier than I mean it to be.
“Sorry, Sir,” she apologies but doesn’t put her phone away.
I shouldn’t give two hoots but I’m irrationally irritated that her attention isn’t on me. I’m her boss. She should be… she should be what? Sucking up? That would piss me right off. Hanging on my every word? Again, I’d be angry…
“Put your phone away,” I demand, trying not to overthink.
“Yes, Sir.”
She does as she’s told but not two seconds later it rings and it’s back in her hand again.
“Bloody hell,” I growl with annoyance.
“Sorry, Sir.”
“Stop apologising and put your phone away.”
Again, she obeys me and climbs into the passenger seat of my black BMW. She doesn’t make chit chat or try to engage me in conversation.
Her eyes are on the case file in front of her.
“Tell me about the suspect,” I demand when I can’t take the silence any longer.
“He’s in his mid-thirties, lives alone. Has form for sexual assault and one account of armed robbery.”
I nod my head.
“Anything else?”
“No, Sir.”
“Keep your eyes peeled then. I’m not going to come save you if you get into trouble.”
She chuckles.
“Like I’d need saving.”
I spare a second to look at her.
“Everyone needs saving sometimes.”
“Not me,” she says with an adamant arrogance that infuriate me further.
Bloody Bint.
It’s not like it’s a bad thing to need saving once in a while. Heck, even I’ve needed rescuing once or twice. She doesn’t have to act like she’s better than the rest of us normal plebs.
“Maybe not yet,” I argue back.
She looks seriously at me for a split second.
“I hope to God no one ever has to save me.”
“What’s so wrong with being saved?”
I just can’t understand her. As police officers surely, we know more than anyone just how dangerous life can be.
“Nothing is wrong with being saved,” her eyes are focused on the passing houses, “except that usually someone has to risk themselves to save you.”
***
I park out front of the house. It’s pretty run down.
“It’s hard to believe someone lives there,” Kentley is saying as she opens her door.
We’re in the middle of one of the rougher parts of the city; I wouldn’t be surprised if it is actually a crack den.
Kentley is the first to reach the door. She raps her knuckles on the wood and we wait. I can’t hear any sound from inside but that doesn’t mean anything.
He could be hiding, waiting for us to leave.
I hear a noise from the back yard.
Kentley automatically moves towards the gate so that she can enter the back garden. She’s stopped when a figure with a hood covering his face jumps the gate, landing directly on top of her.
Something crunches.
I hope it’s the gravel beneath them and not one of her bones. Rushing to catch the suspect as he clambers up, I sprint down the path after him. He runs straight out into the road and I can only watch as a car swerves to miss him.
Kentley isn’t far behind me.
She can run, I’ll give her that.

CHAPTER FIVE
Georgia
I wear ugly shoes to work every day just so I can give chase to criminal thugs for a living. I’m running at top speed and yet I’m still losing them.
My arm is definitely broken.
It’s burning violently, practically screaming at me, but I won’t cry. I won’t scream. I won’t because right now I need to catch up with Trent.
Crumbs, that boy can run, I think to myself as I struggle to breathe.
Eventually, I have to stop. I’m completely winded. I can’t go on any further. Trent is still in my line of sight.
I want to start running again but my body says no.
I can no longer see the suspect and I have no idea in which direction he went. I bend so that my head is between my knees and try once more to breathe.
I jump when I feel a hand on my arm.
“Shit!” I cry out.
The pain is excruciating.
“You’re hurt?” he asks.
Trent is so confusing. He doesn’t sound concerned; he sounds downright angry.
“I think my arm is broken.”
“Fuck sake.”
He reaches out for my arm with a gentleness that is in complete contrast to the tone of his voice.
“What do you think you were doing?”
“What?”
I’m so confused. I was just doing my job.
“Why did you go first? I could have gone first. I’m bigger than you.”
“It’s fine. It’s not that bad.”
“Your arm is broken, you Bint.”
“Don’t call me a Bint,” I complain.
“You’re a stupid Bint for going and getting yourself hurt,” he says as he inspects my arm. “Right, we’re going to the hospital.”
“But the suspect…”
“I’ve already called it in,” he tells me. “The PCs are looking for him.”
“But…”
“No buts. We’re going to the hospital.” He pulls me up from when we’re currently crouched. “Careful.”
“I’m fine.”
“You’re not,” he argues. “You’re going to be a right pain in my arse, I can tell.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“That’s no way to talk to your superior!”
I refuse to back down.
“Let’s just get this done quickly,” I grumble.
***
DCI Trent is impatient. That’s something I’ve learnt over the last forty-eight hours.
He spent the entire time we were in A&E tapping his foot angrily against the floor while telling me that he was going to make me a desk sergeant, so I won’t be allowed out in the field again. I wasn’t sure if he was being sweet and thinking about my safety or pissed at me again for something.
“What a waste of four hours,” he had ranted in that patronising voice of his, as he checked his phone every thirty seconds.
The only consolation was that he bought me a sandwich when he heard my stomach rumbling.
“We haven’t got time to get anything else. Hurry up and eat it,” he had told me, flinging the sandwich into my non-injured hand as he climbed into the car. “What am I going to tell your dad?”
“My dad?” I frown. Since starting at Scotland Yard no one has ever worried about my dad being concerned about me.
“You’re hurt and it’s only my second day.”
“So?” I say between bites of my sandwich.
“Never mind,” he responds as he pulls out of the car park space.
“My dad doesn’t really get involved in what I do…” I’m rambling. “I don’t think he’ll be that surprised that I’ve hurt myself.”
“Do you hurt yourself a lot then?” He grins at me teasingly.
“More often than I should.”
“Maybe I should give you a desk job.”
His eyes are sparkling that liquid copper colour and I can’t tell if he’s serious, angry or laughing at me.
Perhaps, it’s all of the above.
“HA HA. I’d still hurt myself,” I mumble.
He glances at me briefly, his eyes showing concern for just a second.
“How is your arm?”
“It’s okay.”
“You don’t have to be brave.”
“I’m good. I’ve had worse.”
“What’s the worst injury you’ve gotten on the job?” he asks with a smirk.
I don’t answer him.
I’m not going to tell him about the hostage situation. It’s a no go conversation. I don’t talk about it with my family. I’ve never been willing to talk to Darren about it, as much as he tried to force the matter. I’d even refused to talk to the colleagues that were involved in the case.
The only person who had gotten more than two words out of me on the subject was the therapist that my dad insisted I see before returning to work.
I try to laugh it off. “Oh, you know… the usual.”
“The usual?”
His hands are resting on the steering wheel. He has nice hands.
“What’s the usual? A broken bone or two? Some bumps and bruises?”
“Yeah, something like that.”
***
When we get back to the yard the boys all take rounds teasing me for getting hurt.
“Trust you, Kentley,” John says.
Alvin offers to write on my cast, but I don’t let him.
Historically, that right would be reserved for Darren but this time I’ve decided to keep it bare. He always used to draw the most intrinsic pictures on my casts and I’d kept a photograph of each one so as not to forget that my casts had become.
Except this time, Darren wouldn’t be available to draw on my cast. We wouldn’t be sitting in bed with marker pens surrounding us.
Things are different now and that’s okay, but I don’t want anyone else drawing on my cast.
Maybe it’s not as okay as I want it to be.
Trent sends me home on the dot at five. I’m not happy about it. Home isn’t home anymore. It’s an empty space. The large rooms with their soaring ceilings that I had loved when we first bought the place bow just make me feel lonely – because my best friend is missing.
Walking into our… no, my flat, I can’t help but be a little overwhelmed by the silence that meets me.
He’s usually home before me.
Usually, he can be found in the kitchen preparing us dinner, two beers already waiting on the table. We had normalcy down to an art.
Maybe I should get a cat…
I don’t want a cat…
But I don’t want to be on my own in this big, old apartment either.
I curl up on the sofa with a bottle of wine as I try to do the sums in my head, that have been making me nervous since Christmas Day.
Can I afford to live here without him?
We own the place. The mortgage is almost completely paid, and he doesn’t want his share back apparently but that seems ridiculous.
I will have to buy him out. I don’t want him having any claim to my home.
It’s a three-bedroom apartment in the centre of London.
My parents had helped a lot with the mortgage but he’d still paid just under a third of it with his trust fund. I consider my options as I get to my feet in an attempt to keep busy.
I can’t stop. I’m restless.
I grab the cardboard boxes my dad brought by a few days ago.
I can’t believe I’m the one packing his shit up.
I make quick work of divvying up our belongings.
Anything that reminds me too much of him gets added to the box even if it isn’t exclusively his. I don’t want anything to remind me of him. I want this home to be completely devoid of Darren Jacks.
Options… As I pack, I consider getting a couple of roommates – that could work. It might be my only option if I want to stay here. Alternatively, I could just sell up and get a place that is exclusively mine.
But a small voice in my head says that I won’t find another flat as perfect as this one in the whole of London.
Roommates it is then… 

CHAPTER SIX
Walker
I’m still in my office a little after six when DCS Kentley pops his head around my door.
“Still here?” he asks gruffly.
“Yeah, just catching up.”
I feel slightly on edge. Has he heard about his daughter’s injury and is here to chastise me?
He nods his head.
“How have your first few days gone?”
He takes the seat opposite me. I try to get a read on his emotions but can’t. He doesn’t give anything away.
“Not bad…” I don’t really know what he expects me to say. Does he want me to outright tell him that I let his little princess get hurt?
“Good, good,” he folds his arms and leans back, “good to hear it.”
There’s a knock at the door and I’m grateful for the interruption. John Bertell walks in.
“Sorry to disturb you, Sir. Just wanted to let you know, everyone else has gone and I’m heading out myself unless you need anything.”
“Thanks John.”
I grin at the older man that was once my idol.
Detective Chief Superintendent Kentley smiles happily at John too.
“How are you, John?”
“Great, DCS Sir.” He returns the smile with ease. “Although DS Kentley has a new cast.” He says it as if it’s a running joke.
I’m surprised when the DCS barks out a laugh before retorting, “another one for the collection.” But then his eyes turn dark. “I guess this one won’t be sold on e-bay though.”
“No, I guess not, Sir.”
John’s eyes match the DCS’s and I can’t help but wonder what the fuck I am missing.
“I offered to help you sort him out.”
“I bet she refused?”
Kentley’s eyes are full of an emotion I’ve never witnessed in their depths before.
“Yeah… She said you could take him but that it wasn’t necessary.”
“That’s my daughter for you. Far too optimistic for her own good.”
His smile contradicts his tone. His tone censures her behaviour while his smile shows his pride.
“I’ll have to threaten her with a desk job tomorrow.”
John laughs.
“Didn’t do her any favours last time.”
Kentley’s eyes bulge.
“No. No. I guess it didn’t.” His voice is cold, quiet with a hint of self-loathing and again I’m left wondering what I’m missing.
***
When I leave Scotland Yard, I have several missed calls from my girlfriend… ex-girlfriend? I don’t know what she is right now.
All I know is she is definitely not my fiancée.
Alicia and I have been together for what feels like forever. We started seeing each other when we were eighteen and in Uni. I had realised University wasn’t for me, much to my parents’ disapproval and joined the police. Alicia had supported my decision even when everyone I loved thought I was an idiot.
We’d been together for seven years and I’d gone and messed it all up by asking her to marry me.
“I’m coming home,” I tell her when she picks up my call.
“I won’t be here when you get back.” Her tone is clipped and her words final.
This is it.
The moment I’ve been dreading.
“Okay.” I don’t know what else to say. “Where will you go?”
“I don’t know. I’ll work it out.”
“I should leave,” I offer because it’s the polite, gentlemanly thing to do. “You can stay.”
She’s silent.
She doesn’t know how to have this conversation and neither do I.
“Okay. I’ll help you pack.”
“Okay,” and with that I hang up.
***
Tristan’s flat is nice. I’m surprised he’s not staying here right now. Apparently, he’s been kipping at his new girlfriend’s house, so I have the place to myself until I find somewhere new to live.
After that he’s going to give up the lease and move in with Ella full time. He’s there all the time now any apparently.
The flat is in the centre of London. It’s a perfect location. Not far at all from work. Within walking distance in fact. Although, I’ll probably still drive.
I like having my car at work. Then again, I could always just leave it at the Yard.
It’s strange being alone. I’m used to having Alicia with me. But it’s not an unpleasant strangeness. If anything, I’m actually enjoying it.
I pour coffee into my thermos and prepare for work.
It’s early but I’ve got a lot to do today and I’ve got to make it up to Tristan and Thomas. Their trip to the Yard yesterday had to be cancelled because of stupid Georgia Kentley and her broken arm, so they’ll be visiting today instead.
I’m just closing the door behind me when I get the shock of my bloody life. There on my doorstep, closing the door opposite my own, is none other than DS Kentley.
Fuck my life!
“Kentley,” I bark at her.
I’ve never been a morning person and right now she’s just broken my zen.
“Sir.” She turns around, as surprised as I am and perhaps a little scared.
“You live here?” I ask with a huff.
“You know Tristan?” she asks without answering me.
I can feel my frown grow across my forehead. Damn it. She even knows my best friend.
“I’m staying at his place until I find a new flat.”
“Right…” She’s frowning too now. Stupid Bint, what right does she have to be irritated that I’m living across the hall? “Well… see you at work, I guess.”
Without another word, she walks away from me. I stand there wondering if I should have offered to drive her or something.
God, this is going to be awkward.
***
I pass Georgia in my car. She’s walking to work today, wearing a thick coat and a scarf. She must be pretty cold. I don’t slow down or stop. I don’t offer her a ride. If anything, I put my foot down, hoping that she won’t see me pass her.
I know I should be more upset that I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday, but I can’t bring myself to feel anything except relief.
It surprises me.
My life has completely changed in the last twenty-four hours and I don’t think it’s a bad thing at all. The ring that had been burning a hole in my pocket before now feels practically weightless.
I completely turned my life upside down to move back to London and barely two weeks later we’re over. Done. Finished.
I hadn’t seen it coming at all.
Call me an idiot, but I’d actually thought we were happy.
Tristan had called it, so why couldn’t I see it? I’m not disappointed, just bloody pissed that I moved all the way here for no fucking point.
Except the promotion, I remind myself.
The role of DCI at Scotland Yard is more than reason enough but it is still frustrating.
I’m a bloody fool. I should have known better. Even now I don’t really know what went wrong or why she doesn’t want to marry me. She didn’t really explain.
My biggest concern is that I don’t want to mess up my friendship group. Alicia might be my ex-girlfriend now but her, me and Tristan have been best friends since we were in University together. I don’t want this to ruin that.
Sitting in the carpark, I send Alicia a quick text, trying to prove to myself or her, I’m not sure which, that friendship is an option for us.
Hi Alicia, I just want to say that I wish you all the best. Even if we’re not together, I hope we can be friends. If you ever need anything, I’m here. Trent.
I’m not sure how she will take it. I wonder if she will think I’m trying to pressure her into staying with me. I consider deleting it before I send it, but I can’t bring myself to do it.
I want to be her friend.
I’m happy with the outcome of our relationship. Breaking up was probably the best thing we ever did together but I still want her to be my friend.
***
The day passes, and I barely see any of my team. I’m in my office doing paperwork. Lunch passes, and I forget to eat. It isn’t until three thirty six that I realise I’m starving.
I get up to stretch my legs and grab a coffee but stop when I pass Kentley’s cubicle.
I can smell cake.
I fucking love cake.
I’m a bit of a gym nut but cake is my downfall.
She’s typing away quicker than she has any right to be with a broken arm.
“Kentley, what are you doing?”
She looks up, surprised by my appearance beside her.
“My reports, Sir.”
“Your arm is broken.”
I grimace. Typing must be hurting like a bitch.
“So?”
“So… why are you typing? Why not write up you notes by hand?”
I’m cross, furious in fact, because she doesn’t realise that she’s an absolute pain in the arse.
“It’s quicker to type and they will be more legible.”
She frowns.
“I’m right handed, Sir.”
She holds up her right hand, cast and all and waves it in my face, with a raised eyebrow.
“Right. Well, you could always ask one of the others to help.”
“Why? I don’t need help.”
She smiles as if the pain that she is undoubtedly feeling is nothing at all.
“It doesn’t hurt?” I ask, incredulously.
“I’ve had worse.”
Those words are beginning to get on my tits. As if previous injury is an excuse to not look after yourself properly.
“Right.”
My voice is terse, and I can’t work out quite why she irritates me so much.
I’m about to say something more when Tristan walks in with a small boy by his side.
“Walker!”
I turn to the sound of my name.
“Tristan.” I grin at my best friend. “You must be Thomas,” I say to the small boy next to him.
“Georgia!”
Thomas runs past me, completely ignoring me, and into the arms of the girl whose sole purpose in life is to infuriate me.
“Georgia! I can’t believe you’re here!”
“Hi Thomas.” She winces as he touches her broken arm and I almost lunge towards them to pull Thomas off her. “How are you?”
“I’m good. How are you?”
The boy is ridiculously polite as he clings to her.
“Not bad.”
Her smile is wide as she interacts with the small boy.
“Your arm is still broken.”
He frowns.
“No. I broke it again yesterday,” she tells him, frustration hidden just below the surface of her words.
“Again?” Thomas’s eyes are wide. “But you had a broken arm when I first met you too… You must be super clumsy.”
“Yeah.” She nods her head, before ruffling the kid’s hair. “How’s your sister?”
“Sad,” he replies, his tone dropping.
“You must be sad too,” she says gently.
He nods his head instead of verbally responding. After a few moments he says, “Tia came home.”
“She did? How is she?”
“Angry. She’s gone away again now though.”
“That’s a shame,” Georgia Kentley replies. “She wasn’t angry at you, I’m sure.”
“No. She was angry at all of us.”
I watch as Kentley takes the small boy into her arms and embraces him. I notice the grimace that flits briefly across her face from the pain in her arm.
“She’s not angry at you. She’s angry at herself.”
“Why?”
She doesn’t appear to have the right words for the small boy. She frowns as she tries to arrange her thoughts.
“Sometimes adults feel responsible… even when things are completely out of their control. Your sister, Tia, she was driving the car that day. You were all hurt so badly. She blames herself. Except, Thomas, this is the important thing you need to remember… it really wasn’t her fault. She did nothing wrong. She couldn’t have prevented it from happening.”
Thomas nods his head.
“But she could have come home sooner? Said goodbye to mum?”
“I don’t think she could face your mum because she felt so guilty.”
Thomas turns his head to the side as if considering her words. Surely everything she is saying is going right over his head but apparently not. He seems to understand. He nods his head in affirmation. 

CHAPTER SEVEN
Georgia
I don’t know how to explain to a five-year-old that the reason his mum is dead is because a drunken fool decided to get behind the wheel of his work van and drive right into the passenger side of his sister’s car, driving too fast and without a care in the world.
Tia Winthrope would never have seen it coming.
It happened over a year ago and yet I can still recall the sight that awaited us when we arrived on the scene.
I’d performed emergency CPR on their mum. I had tried my best. And failed. She’d still spent the last year of her life in a coma. Tia had walked away with a couple of broken ribs and a broken arm and Thomas had been almost completely unharmed, fortunately.
I can remember the moment when their sister Ella arrived at the hospital, in floods of tears. I remember placing the call, asking her to come. She’d been at work that day.
I’d liaised with the family quite a bit, keeping informed of the process of our investigation. What investigation there was… the other driver had died at the scene.
I’d been there when Tia left, returning to her work as an airhostess, against the advice of the hospital and despite her sister’s concerns. I’d seen how she couldn’t look her sister in the eye. I’d seen the guilt written across her face.
“Do you want to go check out a police cruiser?” I ask, trying to change the subject.
“Can we?” Thomas asks, jumping on the balls of his feet.
“Sure. Why not.”
He grabs my good arm and literally drags me from my seat. Trent mutters something about stealing his thunder as I pass him, and I can’t help but smirk.
Trent and Tristan follow after us, chatting about god knows what. Some chick called Alicia, I think, but I’m not really paying attention.
The little boy beside me is eagerly telling me about everything he can possibly tell me. He almost seems not to breathe as the words tumble out of his mouth in a rush.
When we reach the cruiser, I go to lift Thomas into the front seat but Trent tells me off.
“I’ll do it,” he says in that tone he seems to reserve just for me.
Trent is like a little boy as he turns the siren on and messes around with all the different buttons in the cruiser.
I’m left watching him and Thomas as they play pretend cops. This is a side of him I wouldn’t have been able to imagine even if I’d tried.
He’s sweet.
He’d make a good dad, but I’ll never tell him that. He’s already an arrogant arse. He doesn’t need the ego boast.
***
It’s raining heavily when I leave later that night. It’s almost six o’clock and I’m stood out front, considering venturing out into the abysmal weather that awaits me. Lance Stone approaches.
“Don’t want to go home?”
I laugh. “Just don’t want to get rained on.”
“Pub?” Lance raises an eyebrow.
It’s been a long week and the New Year is fast approaching. This weekend is going to be even harder than the week that has just passed. London gets crazy on the New Year. There will be extra bobbies on the streets as a precaution but there’s a good chance that my weekend off will get cut short and it’s almost certain that I won’t get the bank holiday off.
We’ll be putting out the fires that will undoubtedly erupt on New Year’s Eve. Last year it was robberies. This year… who knows. What I do know is that New Year is practically a jinx word at the Yard.
“Sure,” I reply because running across the street sounds far better than running all the way home.
I’m surprised when we reach our usual spot in the pub and Trent is already there with the rest of the team. Collins never used to come with us to the pub.
Well, this is different.
“Alright boys,” I smile at them all before dropping my stuff, “anyone need a refill?”
A couple of the guys nod their head in response and John gives me a quick, “please kid,” before I’m heading across the pub to the bar.
When I return with the beers, DI Jackson is telling us all about something his cute little niece Amelia said the other day.
Lance is quick to cough, “DCI Collins,” under his breath much to everyone else’s entertainment.
Mark Jackson smacks him round the head in response.
Although in fairness, Amelia Vincent is probably the only child I’d listen to stories about. She’s pretty damn cute.
It’s a small world.
I’d grown up in the same neighbourhood as Mark and his siblings. Mark, the eldest of that particular band of hooligans is the least sensible of the bunch. His sister Sarah is the practical one and always has been. She has been married since forever to her high school boyfriend Michael Vincent. Then there is the younger brother, Nicholas.
I’d had a crush on Nick when we were in school. He had been a few years above me, but we’d quickly become friends. Mostly because we were both super geeky and spent more time in the library than the other kids. He’d always treated me like his little sister and we’d kept in touch after he left school.
I tease Jackson along with the others, even if I secretly love to hear about his family.
Before I know it, the conversation has moved on and somehow, I’ve become the butt of the next joke.
They are talking about how clumsy I am. They’re not wrong so I take it good humouredly.
“Want us to draw on your cast?” Lance offers.
I shake my head. “No thanks.”
“Not selling this one then?” he says, perhaps not realising what his words mean.
“Not this one,” I grit my teeth, “and not the next one.”
My life is nothing to do with the boy who used to draw on my casts anymore. It’s time for me to grow up and wear my cast like an adult.
John and the others seem to think this is the perfect opening to discuss my break up. I can sense it coming before they even open their mouths.
“What actually happened?” Anthony asks.
“You really want to know?” I ask because I’m hoping they will say no.
They nod their heads and even Trent looks mildly interested.
“We broke up.” I sigh before opening my mouth again. “We were having dinner and his mum asks when we’re going to get married. I guess five years is a long time for two people to be together and not think about marriage… at least our parents think it is.”
They’re nodding their heads, encouraging me to continue. I slurp my beer.
“But we really hadn’t. We hadn’t talked about it. I’d never considered it. Not really. It’s not that I don’t want to get married… it’s just I’d never thought about it when Darren. I think… I kind of knew we were just biding our time. So, I was going to tell them that we weren’t there yet, that we hadn’t talked about it. It wasn’t on the agenda… whatever… but he says without any hesitation that we won’t be getting married and that in fact, he wants to break up.”
John practically throws his pint onto the table when he puts it down.
“I wasn’t hurt. You know, it didn’t hurt. Not the way it should have. I should have cared more… but I was angry. Really angry.”
I’m not looking at them. Lance wraps his arm around my shoulder in brotherly solidarity.
“I couldn’t believe that our friendship meant so little to him that he didn’t even talk to me about it.”
“We’ve been best friends since we were ten. Forget the dating and all that stuff, there are ten years of real friendship that happened before we dated. I thought that meant more to him than it did.” I sigh heavily. “Anyway, it doesn’t matter. We probably should have broken up a long time ago.”
I smile at them but I’m the only one smiling.
“What are you going to do about the flat?” Alvin asks.
“I don’t know,” I reply honestly. “I’ve been thinking about it… He doesn’t want his share of the mortgage, but I refuse to owe him anything. We’d almost paid it off. He probably paid a third of it himself. I’m probably going to have to get some flat mates or something, so that I can pay the rest of the mortgage and return his third to him.”
I’m rambling, telling them far more than I ever would normally and I’m not sure why I’m telling them anything at all. Not sure why I feel so at ease in this moment.
One look at DCI Trent and I can see that for once he doesn’t look angry with me. I’m not quite sure what I see in his expression, but it better not be pity.
John is the one who breaks the silence.
“There was a brief moment when I thought you’d break up last year. After…”
I know where he’s going with this and it is not somewhere I want this conversation to go.
I cut across him. “Yeah. It got pretty tense for a while.” I nod my head, almost angrily. “He couldn’t understand why I wouldn’t talk to him…” I say under my breath.
“We couldn’t either,” John says seriously. “You wouldn’t talk to any of us.”
“There was nothing to say,” I tell him in a cold voice that makes it clear that at least for me this conversation is closed.
“That’s not true.” John ignores the warning tone of my voice and presses on. “There was a lot to say. You could have ranted, raved even, told us we had failed you, told us that we’d let you down… you could have told us…”
“Enough, John.” I pat his arm. “What would that have achieved? You never failed me. Mistakes happen. Life happens. Things go wrong in this job and people get hurt. Can’t be helped.”
He opens his mouth as if to argue with me, everyone else around us forgotten.
“Georgia…”
“DI Bertell, however you look at it, I owe you my life. Mistakes be damned.” With that, I get to my feet. “Right, time for me to head home. See you all in the morning.”
There is a chorus of goodbyes but I barely glance at them as I gather my stuff and leave the now far too hot pub. 

CHAPTER EIGHT
Walker
That didn’t exactly go how I expected it to go. As Kentley leaves the pub, I’m equally tempted to follow after her as I am to bombard the others with questions.
Ben Alvin is the first to speak.
“Do you really think she’s okay?”
Mark is frowning as he answers, “I think so. She’s very strong.”
“It wasn’t the first time it happened,” John says quietly. “She’s handled it before.”
Mark nods.
“I remember the first time. We were all kids. Well, not quite. She was nine. I was a teenager. I remember Nick and her were friends. I always found it strange that Nicholas let her follow him around, but he said she was actually pretty cool.”
I’m irritated that he isn’t getting to the point.
What the hell happened to Georgia Kentley when she was nine?
“Anyway, one day we were all walking home from school when this van pulled up in front of us. They didn’t say anything; they grabbed her. Nick, he tried his best to pull her away but he couldn’t. He just wasn’t strong enough. They were gone before we knew what to do. She’s the reason I became a police officer and the reason my brother became a lawyer. I’d lock them up and he’d ensure they’d stay locked up.”
He lets out a huff of humourless laughter.
“It turned out that the perp was an ex-con, recently out on probation. DCS Kentley had been his arresting officer. It was revenge.” John’s words are coated with anger. “We couldn’t catch them. We had no idea where they were. No clues at all. There was no ransom. They just wanted him to suffer.”
“Then seventy six hours later, at a point where we were past panicking, we were terrified and beginning to fear the worst, a nine-year-old girl, covered in blood – not her own – hands herself into the police in Guildford… she hands herself in for murder.”
John’s eyes are brimmed with tears.
I’m shocked.
He can’t seriously be telling me that DS Kentley killed her kidnapper at the age of nine.
“He’d had a knife and foolishly didn’t think to tie her up. So, when he fell asleep instead of watching her, she stole his knife and took it to his neck.”
“The poor girl was in shock… I’ve never seen anything like it. She wasn’t massively hurt; a few cuts and bruises, nothing much, definitely less than we expected but psychologically… She didn’t talk then either. Just told us that she was fine. That she hadn’t wanted to kill him, but she didn’t think she had another choice. It was him or her. She was the bravest kid I’ve ever known, and I’ve met a few in this job.”
They are quiet for a few minutes and I try to process everything John has just told us.
I wonder if that is why she became a police officer. I can’t help but think I may have misjudged her.
“Point is,” John is talking again, “she might go through shit… her and Darren might be over… but that girl, she can take it. She’s fucking strong.”
John doesn’t usually swear. The word sounds weird coming from his mouth.
I nod.
“I’m going to head home,” I say.
I want to ask questions, but I can’t decide what I would ask first so instead I concede that the questions will wait for another day.
 
I stop at her door when I reach our floor of the apartment complex. I can hear voices inside.
“Chinese or Indian?” a man’s voice is asking.
“Don’t mind,” I hear her say. “You choose.”
“Oh George!” he chastises her. “Get your head out of your arse and pick what you want to eat.”
“I’d rather have Thai.”
“There’s my girl.” He laughs. “One Red Thai Curry coming right up.”
I decide I’ve heard enough. I’m glad she’s not alone. That conversation at the pub was intense.
“NICK!” she screams, almost causing me to barge her door down. “SPIDER!” That one word is enough to deflate my concern and have me walking across the hall to my own front door.
***
I don’t run into her in the hall the next morning. I can’t tell if I’m relieved, disappointed or what. The only thing I do know is that I’m definitely not disinterested.
She’s already hard at work when I arrive.
“Briefing in ten minutes,” I tell them all.
Alvin smirks at me.
“I’ll get the coffee, DCI.”
“Great. Thanks.”
I nod quickly his way, but my eyes don’t leave Kentley. No matter how hard I try, I just don’t get her. I can’t understand her. She’s clumsy as hell, that’s pretty much the only thing I know for sure.
Oh and if she cares even a little bit about you, she’ll ignore her pain completely to be there for you. I recall how she was with Thomas, a boy she barely knows.
I make my way towards her cubicle.
“What are you working on?”
I’ve surprised her; she jumps out of her seat causing a smirk to land on my face.
“The suspect, Sir… I think I’ve found a connection between him and the victim. They went to school together.”
I look at her screen and sure enough, they were in the same class at school. I consider praising her. I should but I don’t.
Instead, I begin the briefing, arranging for Jackson and Milton to re-interview Miss Lolt’s parents with this new information while Kentley and I go to speak to their old teachers.
***
I drive us to the school. She’s quiet. It’s not as awkward as our previous silences but I still find myself wanting to break it. Although for different reasons. This time, it’s because I want to know her better… I think.
“Well done, Kentley.” I give her the praise she deserved earlier.
“It’s nothing, Sir.”
I nod my head.
“It may mean a lot to Miss Lolt. After we’ve been to the school, we’ll head to the hospital and ask if she remembers him.”
“Yes, Sir,” she replies.
“You don’t have to call me Sir all the time. I can’t get used to it. Even John keeps calling me Sir.”
I’m telling her more than I want to.
“If you like, DCI,” she replies.
I notice how her lip turns up into the beginnings of a smirk as she exchanges one respectful title for another.
“How’s your arm?” I ask in a gentler tone than I intend.
“I’ve had worse.”
I feel almost like she’s brushing my concern away and I find myself getting irritated.
“You say that a lot,” I mutter.
“It’s because it’s true.”
“Tell me what’s worse.”
“No, Sir.”
Her eyes are focused straight ahead.
“Tell me.”
“Is that an order, Sir?” Her tone tells me where I can shove my order.
Damn it.
“No. Just a request… but what if it was?”
“I’d disobey it, Sir.”
“Thought as much.”
“Sorry, Sir.”
“Don’t apologise. I get it. Some things are hard to talk about… and then others are near enough impossible.”
Her eyes dart to me.
I can’t look at her because I’m driving but I know that if I did I’d see at least some of the pain she hides inside her soul, written across her face. She’s very good at hiding it. I’d never have known it was there, if it wasn’t for the pub yesterday. But now that I do, it’s as obvious to me as a glaring light in a dark room.
I can’t believe I missed it.
“You’re probably the first person who hasn’t tried to force me to talk,” she says quietly.
“What use would it do?” I ask her.
“None.”
“Exactly. Anyway, I have no right to know all your business. Your colleagues already shared more than you’d want them to, last night at the pub.”
Her eyes widen in fear.
“What did they say?” She sounds timid in a way that she has no business being.
“They were talking about what happened when you were a kid.”
“Oh,” her shoulders slump to my surprise, “I thought…”
“You thought they shared something worse?”
I’m surprised that she believes that anything can be worse than what she experienced when she was nine.
She nods her head instead of responding and turns to look out the window.
“Did they tell you I killed him?” she asks so quietly I almost miss it.
“Yes,” I don’t lie, “but from what I hear it was self-defence and it save your life. I’m glad you did.”
Her face turns quicker than I’d have thought possible.
We’re sat at the traffic lights, staring at each other. There are tears in her eyes. I put my hand into my pocket and pull out a handkerchief.
“Here.”
“Thanks, Sir.”
“I told you not to keep calling me Sir…”
“But…”
I cut across her, the same way she did me.
“No buts. When we’re in the car and alone, I think you can call me Trent.”
I’m tempted to tell her to call me Walker but that would be a step further than even I’m willing to go. She intrigues me. She irritates me. Infuriates me even. But she definitely intrigues me.
“Okay, Trent.”
***
She makes quick work of interviewing the teachers. She’s got good people skills. It’s only me that she seems to annoy, funnily enough.
She wanders off a couple of times and both times I find myself chastising her more than I would any other officer.
“It’s dangerous. Tell me when you’re going somewhere.”
“Yes, Sir,” she replies.
“In fact, just stay by my side. That will be better.”
“We’re in a school, Sir. What’s the worst that can happen?”
She’s got me there.
I have no idea why I’m so concerned with her safety. Perhaps it’s because she’s the clumsiest person I’ve ever met or because she seems to have suffered more than she should have. I don’t know what it is. All I know is that I want to protect her.
“Just do as you’re told, Detective Sergeant.”
“Yes, Sir.”
She nods her head and I think she might be laughing at me. Her eyes seem to dance with mirth. Damn Bint.
“Just get in the car, Kentley.”
She nods her head and opens the passenger door. She’s first one to break the silence this time.
“Sir…”
“Trent…” I admonish her.
“Trent,” she concedes, “if what his teachers are saying is correct then Miss Lolt should remember him.”
“She should do, yes.” I frown. “I’m surprised he didn’t get sent to juvie. He sounds seriously fucked up.”
His teachers had told us story after story of how he had tried to hurt the other students. In the end, they had had to expel him and he never finished high school. He’d tried to assault Miss Lolt during their year ten, but she’d been saved by another student.
The rest of the day passes unpleasantly.
We visit Miss Lolt in the hospital. The picture of our suspect mixed with the single utterance of his name has her recoiling with fear. Once we’re finished with her, Kentley has managed to calm the victim’s frazzled nerves and she’s settled into a restless sleep.
We briefly remind the officers on guard not to let the suspect into the ward and we check in with Miss Lolt’s doctor.
***
When we’re finished, another day has gone and I’m beginning to feel a little dejected. We still haven’t caught him and even though the team are working hard, it feels like we’re making really slow progress.
We’re in the car and I’m about to indicate to go in the direction of the Yard when I realise I have no reason to go back tonight.
It’s already after five.
“Do you need to go back to the Yard?” I ask her. “I can give you a lift home instead if you like. I don’t need to go back.”
I see the uncertainty that passes through her eyes before she agrees.
“Thanks, Trent.”
“You’re welcome.” I want to keep the conversation going, although, I’m not sure why. “Got plans for New Year?”
“No. Not really. I’m not really a big fan of New Year.”
“Really?” I’m surprised. I thought everyone loved New Year.
“Shit always go down at New Year.”
I chuckle because she’s right. All the crazies come out at New Year.
“Trent, if we’re right and his motive is directly related to Miss Lolt… I think he’s going to try and go after her again.”
I nod my agreement.
“We probably should increase security at the hospital,” I affirm.
“Yeah… although… you might think I’m crazy but I have an idea.”
“Go on.”
“I think we should remove the security.”
“What?” She’s right. I definitely think she’s crazy.
“Instead, we put two plain clothed officers in as patients in her room with her. It’s a four-bed ward. That way we can watch without the perp knowing and hopefully catch him trying to…”
She’s right. Her idea is crazy. Complete bonkers. And I love it. She’s a genius.
“Well, you already have an injury…” I tell her with a smirk.
“But he might have seen me when we were at the hospital. If this was a targeted assault like we suspect, then he’ll be watching her closely.”
“Let’s go to the supermarket.”
“What?”
She’s completely lost for what I mean.
“We’ll get some hair dye. I’ve always wanted to know what I look like blonde. And I’m pretty sure you’ll suit it too.” With that, all the pieces of our plan are falling into place in my mind. “Call that doctor… what’s her name?”
“Dr Hewitt?”
“Sure… tell her to make the arrangements. Oh, and we’re going to need to make it look real. We’ll need an ambulance.”
“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?” she teases me and I find the change in her tone refreshing.
“Yeah; you can’t say you’re not.”
She grins at me.
“It is pretty cool We need to look realistic. Like we’re actually seriously injured.”
“You can punch me if you like, Kentley.” I wink at her.
“No, thank you, Sir.”
I chuckle quietly. I fucking love going under cover. 

CHAPTER NINE
Georgia
That boyish grin is back. We’re in my bathroom – which is beyond weird but whatever – applying hair dye.
It’s weird enough having him in my flat but it’s another thing altogether being together in this cramped, little room with barely an inch or two between us.
His head is covered already, and he is currently applying the dye to my hair, his hands combing it through. We’re creating our aliases as we go.
We’re married – fake rings and all – and we’re going to have a fake car crash.
This whole thing might have been my stupid idea, but I really hadn’t thought he’d go for it. I’d thought he’d laugh right in my face.
I mean I would have laughed in my face.
Instead, here he is, applying hair dye to my scalp as if he’s done it a million times before. He’s far too comfortable invading my personal space and I don’t like it.
Although I may have to get used to it if we’re going to be acting the part of a married couple.
DCI Trent doesn’t seem too bothered by the idea. He says he’s still going to call me a Bint. The only difference will be that I will be His Bint.
Bloody bastard.
He keeps telling me off for calling him DCI. As if it will make any difference if I call him Trent now – when in a few short hours, I will have to call him by the name we just made up for him. He hates it. He says there isn’t a name on the planet that suits him as well as Walker Trent.
For the next twenty-four hours at least though, he will be Max Thornhill and I will be his extremely unluck wife Madison.
If he insists on calling me a Bint, I’m going to have to come up with an equally offensive term of endearment for him. The ideas that are rushing through my head are everything rom sinisterly cruel to downright evil but none of them seem to fit.
Instead, I’m left with Max.
Damn it.
It’s not as if Bint is particularly imaginative.
Coming up with a nickname for him should be easy. But it’s not. Nowhere near.
He dries my hair for me after I wash the dye out and I’m surprised by the gentleness that he shows me. Who knew that Walker Trent was actually a human being underneath his misogynistic exterior?
When my hair is dry, he demands that I make him a cup of coffee in that arrogant way that is pure arsehole.
I bite my tongue, refusing to let him see how much he infuriates me.
The doorbell rings and he leaves me in the kitchen making coffee.
Who the fuck does he think he is? He’s answering my door now?
He’s not actually my husband!
He leads Ben into the room.
“Making coffee?” Ben Alvin asks with a cheeky wink. “Blonde looks good on you.”
“Thanks, man,” I reply before turning back to the coffee. I have a coffee machine that does everything for me because I can’t make coffee for shit.
“I got you guys a load of fake blood. We’re going to make you look like something out of a horror movie.”
Trent laughs.
“I’ll settle for close to death… instead of the walking dead, thanks.”
***
An hour later, I’m looking less like myself and more like someone who’s been in a terrible car crash. I’m disappointed that they got blood on my cast. I’d wanted it to stay clean – spotless.
I’m not sure why it matters so much to me.
Trent notices me looking at the cast and grimaces.
“Sorry.”
I’m surprised by his apology.
“It’s okay,” I tell him. “I was a bit of an idiot to think I could keep it clean for six weeks anyway.”
He doesn’t say what I imagine is on the tip of his tongue, that I am indeed completely idiotic. Instead, he ruffles my hair and grins down at me.
“We’re going to have so much fun, little Bint.”
Just like that the emotions that had briefly surfaced are replaced by irritation and utter loathing.
Misogynistic Pig!
“Stop calling me that,” I tell him, my face scrunched up in distaste.
“Time to go,” Alvin says.
He’s been looking out the window at the street below for a while. Behind him, I can see the reflection of flashing lights on the glass. Our ambulance is here.
“I hope you can act, Kentley,” DCI Trent says in his ‘I’m the boss’ voice.
“Probably better than you can,” I respond without looking at him.
We make our way down to the ambulance, locking the door behind us. We look like we’re on our way to a Halloween Party, not the hospital.  I just hope this isn’t a waste of time and police resources.
It’s completely possible I’m wrong about the perp.
He could attack someone else… except it doesn’t seem likely. He chose Miss Lolt for a reason. They have a history. A past. There’s motive there.
***
We’re rushed into the hospital on stretchers, sent through A&E and admitted to the ward. Trent enjoys every moment of it. He’s a moaning mess, calling out for his wife.
“Where’s my wife?” he barks. “Get off me. I want my wife. Madison!”
He’s enjoying this far too much. I refuse to reply. Instead, I just groan and cry out in pain as if my life depends upon it, rolling into myself, hugging my stomach. The other patients in the hospital are looking at us with interest.
Perhaps they’ve never seen this much blood.
One older lady looks like she’s about to faint. Someone should tell her it’s fake before she crumples to the ground.
“Madison! Madison, you Bint! Are you okay?”
I can’t believe he is still calling me a Bint! Here we are in the hospital surrounded by people and he’s calling me, his wife, a BINT! If he was my husband for real, I’d murder him myself for calling me a Bint.
“You misogynistic pig! Stop calling me a BINT!” I shout out.
“Good. You’re okay,” he replies to me before lowering his tone, as if to stop me hearing him. “If she’s well enough to shout at me, we’re going to be fine.”
The doctor to his right chuckles good humouredly.
If it wouldn’t arouse suspicion, I’d jump off my bed and go and hit the good-for-nothing pain in my arse that is currently telling the doctor all about how his wife likes to shout at him and call him a pig. What he fails to mention is that he is in fact a pig.
Miss Lolt is asleep when we get to our ward.
Trent insists on having the bed closest to the door. Another one of those misogynistic tendencies of his. He still doesn’t think I can take care of myself or our victim for that matter.
I don’t know whether to be offended or to feel moved that he gives two figs about my safety. In reality though, I think he’s just scared that Daddy Kentley will tell him off if I get hurt. The idea is completely ridiculous, but I won’t correct him. Let him worry if he wants to.
***
The next few hours we go through the motions of being hospital patients. We bicker more than we probably should. The nurses pop in regularly to check our blood pressure.
Apparently, no one told them we’re not actually hurt.
They even got a little worried when Trent’s blood pressure was higher than it should have been. He blamed it on me. He told them that I had been nagging him and that was why it was so high.
I get the impression he is purposefully trying to goad me.
Now we’re sat here with the TV on because he insisted on watching the news. Miss Lolt hasn’t recognised us yet and Trent has decided to keep her in the dark about our identities, in case the perp hears us tell her.
“So how long have you two been married?” she asks me conversationally.
“Not long. About a year,” I answer.
“Ah, that must be nice.” Her voice sounds wistful.
“It would be if I’d married someone else,” I mutter more to myself than her.
“I heard that,” Trent says.
“You were supposed to, Sweetums,” I say in my most sickeningly saccharine voice. The one that makes even me wonder if I plan to murder him in his sleep.
“She loves me really, you know.”
He is far too pleased with himself. As if he feels his acting skills need to be proved, he swings his legs over the side of the bed and begins to huff and scrunch his face up as he gets to his feet. Within a moment or two, he’s across the room and sat in the chair next to my bed.
“What are you doing out of bed?” I glare at him.
“I want to be by your side,” he says. Miss Lolt practically squeals in delight at his supposed display of affection.
He takes my hand in his and kisses my palm before leaning back in his chair. I try to take my hand back but he refuses.
“I’m sorry you were hurt, Madi. I should have protected you better.”
“I…” Everything about this is weird. His voice is sweet and endearing and if I didn’t know better, even I’d believe he is sincere. “I’m fine.”
“I know. You’re the bravest woman I know. But I still should have done better.”
Miss Lolt is ahhing and oohing as if we’re a bloody soap opera.
“You should be in your bed,” I chastise him because I don’t know what else I can possibly say.
“Not without you.”
I have to restrain myself so as not to hit him for that comment.
“Ahhh. You two are so cute. So, what do you both do?” She asks.
“Madi here stays home.”
Trent pats my hand with his. I just know he’s going to say all the things he knows will irritate the hell out of me.
“We want a family. Her only job is to bear children.”
He can hardly keep the smirk off his face. He knows that I’m itching to hit him and he’s loving it.
“I work in advertisement. Boring stuff.”
Miss Lolt doesn’t know how to respond to him. I can see that she’s torn between being entertained and feeling offended on my behalf and perhaps the rest of womenkind too. 

CHAPTER TEN
Walker
I hadn’t planned to sleep in the chair. It had sort of just happened. When I wake the next morning, sunlight is streaming in through the window.
I’d stayed awake most of the night, on guard in case the perp made an attempt. He didn’t though.
So, I’d had far too much time to think about everything and anything. I had found myself focusing on things that I didn’t think I should, like the sound of Kentley’s breathing as she slept in the bed beside me.
I had held her hand all night, although I’m not completely sure why. I’d tried to convince myself that I’d stayed in the chair so that I’d find it easier to get to my feet if that arsehole did show up, although, at least half of me knew better.
I had wanted to sit in the chair. I’d wanted to be close to her.
By four in the morning, I was past tired and more than happy to swap with Kentley, but I’d refused to give her hand back. I’d rationalised in my head that if I was holding her hand then I’d wake up if there was a problem.
If she left her bed for any reason, in fact.
So, I’d slept there for at least five hours holding her hand tightly in mine.
She’s sitting there, upright in her bed, frowning at me when I finally open my eyes.
“Can I have my hand back now?” she asks. “My arms gone dead and I need the loo.”
I chuckle quietly as I release her hand.
“Sorry.”
I notice the way she scowls further at my apology. I stand up and go to the window, looking out over the car park.
“What are you doing out of bed, son?” I hear from the doorway behind me.
It’s a voice I recognise well. John has come to act the part of the caring parent. He’s going to be our contact with the rest of the force and apparently now he’s my father.
“Dad.”
I nod my head before making my way back to my bed.
“Where’s my daughter-in-law?” he asks gruffly as he extends an arm to help me.
“Bathroom,” I huff out, acting the poor soul as best as I can.
Not ten minutes pass before Kentley is limping out the bathroom.
“Madison, dear,” John turns towards her so that he can assist her across the ward, “how are you?”
“I’m okay.”
She smiles up at him, giving him wide eyes and a sad smile that says, ‘feel sorry for me’.
“That stupid son of mine… getting you into this mess.” John tuts. “I’m gonna give him a good bashing.”
She has the audacity to laugh.
“It’s okay. We’re alive; that’s all that matters.”
***
The moron that I am, I didn’t realise how boring this would be. I’d thought we’d have a great time being undercover. In actual fact, sitting on a hospital bed for hours on end is anything but fun.
The only enjoyment I’ve found is teasing Kentley but I get the impression I’m the only one who enjoys that particular past time.
It’s entertaining to watch as a mixture of frustration, irritation and downright loathing flit across her face before disappearing.
She has a pretty good poker face, except in that brief second before she controls her expression. I live for that second of time when she lacks control. It’s fleeting but oh so beautiful.
Two whole days pass without anything of interest happening at all. The most exciting thing that happens is the turn of the year. We watch it on the news, the fireworks in London, New York and every other big city the world has to offer.
All the while, we sit in our beds bored beyond belief.
We try to keep ourselves entertained. We play cards – turns our Kentley and my ‘dad’ John are both a dab hand at poker. I read. I read out loud just to annoy my ‘wife’ who eventually seems to get into the story so much that she keeps telling me to read ‘just one more chapter’.
“It’s time to sleep,” I tell her in a hushed tone, so we won’t wake up Miss Lolt. We’re currently sat cross legged on Kentley’s bed, sat opposite each other with a table between us. On the table there is an assortment of snacks. We’ve been having some crazy arsed picnic – or she has – I’ve been reading.
“I don’t want to sleep.”
She pouts at me.
“I don’t care,” I tell her sternly. “The later you stay up, the later I have to stay up.”
She understands immediately what I am telling her. She needs to get her five hours now so that I can get mine in five hours’ time.
“You can sleep first,” she whispers. “I’m wide awake.”
“No.” I won’t budge.
“But…”
“No buts.”
I get to my feet and wheel the table against the wall so that she can lie down without anything in her way, then I plonk myself down in the chair next to her bed, my eyes focused on the door to our ward.
She glances down at me.
“Are you really going to sleep in that chair again, tonight?”
I have every night so far, so I don’t really know why she’s asking. I’m a man of habit; once I’ve made a decision, I stick to it.
“Sleep Bint.”
I watch for the anger that radiates across her face at the word. I relish it. I can’t keep in the bark of laughter that erupts at the sight of her expression. Acting the part of her doting husband is quite fun to be fair.
“Come on love, it’s late,” I say before standing up and kissing her forehead softly.
She schools her expression to try and stop me from seeing just how confused she is by my behaviour. No one else is here, except for a sleeping girl, so why bother with the pretence?
I have no explanation but, in all honesty, I don’t care.
I don’t need to explain my actions; not to myself and not to her. I literally push her shoulders back until she’s lying down on her bed, take her hand in mine and sit back into the chair.
My eyes are trained on the door, my ears focused for even the tiniest of sounds from the hospital corridors beyond it.
I notice the moment that her breathing shallows and she falls asleep. I glance back at her, taking in the look of pure serenity that has taken over her face.
Who would have thought we’d manage to survive each other’s company for this long?
When I first met her, I’d been convinced that she wasn’t worth the badge she had in her pocket. I’m beginning to realise I was wrong. I lift my legs up, so they are resting on her bed and lean back in my chair, her hand still clutched firmly in my own.
That’s when I hear the bang.
I’ve dropped her hand and am on my feet quicker than lightning. She’s awake like a shot too.
“What was that?” she asks groggily.
“Not sure. Stay put.”
I make my way towards the door, peek my head through and notice a nurse. She’s dropped everything she had been carrying onto the floor. I close the door once again.
“False alarm.”
She nods before glancing at her watch.
“Might as well swap then.”
“It’s not been five hours,” I correct her.
“Close enough.”
“Nowhere near.”
“It’s been four and a half. The extra half hour will do me no good at all.”
I relent, returning to my seat.
“Why don’t you sleep in your bed?” she’s telling me off again.
“I thought you wanted to swap? I’m sleeping. Shhh!”
“ARGH! I could sit in the chair. Why can’t you at least look a bit more comfortable?”
“You want to sit in a chair? Just stay where you are and keep your eyes…”
“On the door. I know.”
“Don’t get mouthy, Bint.”
“But it’s so entertaining to watch you get pissed about it.”
“If people hear you, they’ll think you really are a misogynist.”
“Who says I’m not?” I tease.
“I like to believe you’re a little better than you seem.”
“A little better?” My eyes widen and my smile grows. “It’s nice to know you believe in me.”
“Sleep,” she demands.
It’s weird. I’ve been letting her boss me around more than I should. I’ll need to reassert my authority in the morning. 

CHAPTER ELEVEN
Georgia
When he’s finally asleep I can relax. When he isn’t intentionally trying to get on my nerves, he’s being confusingly sweet.
Where has my bossy pain in the arse DCI gone?
I can’t wait for this damn case to be over with, so that we can go back to how things were before, when he wasn’t insisting on holding my hand and kissing my forehead.
He’d still be calling me a Bint and I’d still want to kill him but at least we’d have a clear line to follow. We wouldn’t be blurring the boundaries and confusing the crap out of me. I’m counting down the seconds until that undetermined moment when my life can go back to bloody normal.
My eyes struggle to stay open but if there’s one thing my dad taught me, it’s not to fall asleep on the job. Instead, I get to my feet, extracting my hand from his.
“Where are you going?” he asks me.
“Damn it.” I curse. “I just want to stretch my legs. Anyone would think I was being held hostage…”
“No. Just trying to keep you safe.”
“I’m not the one we’re here to protect.” I berate him.
“Who says I can’t protect two people at once?”
Trust him to look like a puppy with a wounded pride.
“I don’t need protecting.”
“Says who?”
“Says me.”
“I’m in charge.”
His tone is much the same as the one he uses at the yard and I find myself mouthing my response.
“Fine Sir.”
“If you can’t stay awake, we can swap.”
I’m not sure if he’s being considerate or if he’s reprimanding me for my inability to keep my eyes open.
“Not necessary.”
“It’s okay if you’re tired.”
He’s right. It is okay. What wouldn’t be okay is letting someone else, someone who is equally as tired as I am, do my work for me.
“I’m fine.”
“Let’s stay up together then,” he offers.
“No. You should sleep.”
“It’s okay.”
“I said no.”
He frowns at me, opens his mouth, perhaps to remind me that he is the boss but decides against it and settles back in his chair, allowing his eyes to drift closed once more.
***
It’s an hour and forty-seven minutes later when I hear the creek in the hallway beyond our hospital room. It’s another minute before the door knob turns and I see just a peek of light through the now slightly open door.
I play dead, pretending to be asleep.
Just one eye open, I peek to see who enters our room. I see his face. It’s the man who stood on my arm and broke it. My instincts are screaming for me to make a dart for him but he’d get away for sure if I did that.
Instead I wait.
I watch as he approaches Miss Lolt’s bed. He has to pass by my bed to reach hers. That’s when I see the knife.
In an instant, I’m up vertical and off my bed.
I jump on his back and try to tackle him to the ground before he even realises I’m there. He pushes back against the wall, trapping me with his weight.
When he pulls back away, I’m crumbling down onto the ground. He goes to approach the bed again.
I can’t let him hurt her.
Why isn’t Trent awake?
Every other time I pulled my hand away he woke immediately but right now he’s sound asleep.
Really? He couldn’t pick his moments a little better?
“Trent!” I call out, hoping to wake him up.
I get back to my feet. The assailant has his knife raised. He jabs it forward, towards me.
His eyes are panicked.
I lung for his leg, hooking my foot behind, hoping to take him down. He stays upright though.
He’s stronger than me but that doesn’t intimidate me. I know my strengths.
Trent’s voice breaks through the quiet. “You can’t get away. Even if you stab her, you won’t be able to escape.”
His words catch me off guard and that brief second of distraction is enough to almost get me killed.
The arsehole grabs for my broken arm, turning me around so my back is to his front, blade to my throat. I try to resist but he’s stronger than I am, and I have a broken arm.
My arm is screaming at the pain of his forceful grip.
I can feel the cool steel of the blade. I can see the fear etched across Trent’s face, although he’s doing his best to hide it.
“It’s okay,” he says in a voice that somehow calms all my nerves. “Just let her go.”
I can’t see the guy behind me, but I know he’s edgy. The blade is shaking gently against my skin.
I wonder if I can disarm him myself.
One hook of my leg behind his knee and I would be able to bring him down. I’d probably get hurt in the process though. Trent glances at me and his eyes seem to tell me to stay still, don’t move or speak. He’s got this.
Except, I don’t think he has.
It’s not that I don’t trust him. It’s that I know not to trust the guy behind me. Anyone brandishing a weapon is unpredictable. What’s more, history has taught me that the only person you can trust in a tough spot is yourself.
Just as I’m about to make my move, the guy behind me removes the knife from my throat and I think for the quickest of seconds that I might just be safe and free, except within a flash of movement that very same blade is thrust into my side and pulled right back out again. My knees buckle, and I find myself falling to the ground.
The perp makes a run for it.
Trent looks uncertain, as if he can’t decide between coming to my rescue and chasing him down.
There’s no choice; there’s only the job. I tell him to go.
“Run!”
We have to catch him. That’s why we’re here.
I’m bleeding but we’re in a hospital. I try to pull myself upright but it’s near enough impossible. My vision is a blurry haze. I try to push myself up, but my broken arm can’t take the weight and my wound is gushing now.
In an ideal world, I’d have been stabbed right next to the emergency alarm, so I could at least call the on-call nurse to my aid. Except this isn’t an ideal world, it’s a world where fate seems to play horrible tricks.
I won’t give up.
I try to focus my frazzled mind. The haze turns to black just as I hear voices and feet approaching. 

CHAPTER TWELVE
Walker
I wake with a jolt.
“Trent!” The panic in her voice is clear.
How had she got her hand away without me noticing?
In the last few nights, I’d felt her every move. Nothing had past my notice.
I’m out of my chair in seconds but the sight that awaits me is terrifying. Georgia Kentley, the tiny thing that she is and completely unarmed, is trying her best to take on a bloke with wider shoulders than mine.
Everything inside of me is screaming for her to get the hell away from him.
I get that it’s the job.
Heck, I’d be doing exactly the same thing if I was her. But I’m a six-foot-two man; I go to the gym six times a week and I know more types of martial arts than she’s probably had cooked meals.
Compared to me, she’s a little girl and she’s going to get herself hurt going up against this dick.
What’s worse is, I’m too far away to stop her.
I try to distract the guy so Kentley can achieve her aim.
“You can’t get away. Even if you stab her, you won’t be able to escape.”
Instead, Kentley is the one caught out and the dick-wad pulls her against his chest, knife to her neck.
I catch myself seconds before I lunge for him.
How dare he threaten her?
In this moment, I’m filled with a hatred I’ve never felt before. I want to destroy him. Fear mixes with hate and I try against all odds to clear my mind. I need a plan. I need to get Kentley out of there without her getting hurt.
I try to keep my tone steady, calm, almost friendly, as if he isn’t threatening to kill my fake wife.
“It’s okay. Just let her go.”
I try to focus my attention on him, ignoring the girl whose very existence in this mess is calling out to me, demanding I save her. One wayward glance tells me that she’s considering her options. With one look I tell her not to. I don’t want her to do anything that could get her hurt, or worse killed.
She looks calm.
It’s almost intimidating how calm and collected she appears. Anyone else in her situation would look like a rabbit caught in the headlights of a car but not Georgia Kentley.
I know without hesitation that she’ll disobey me. She’ll act of her own accord.
She’s the most self-reliant woman I’ve ever met. There’s no way she’s going to wait for me to come rescue her, even if there is only a five-meter distance between us.
I could stride it in seconds, but I don’t have seconds.
He slashes that knife away from her throat and I think for the briefest pause that he’s going to make a run for it. He does but not before pushing the blade into her gut.
For the first time in my career, I’m frozen.
She’s on the ground and he’s darting for the door. It’s only a second of indecision but it takes me by surprise. I desperately want to drop to my knees and help Kentley, but I know my responsibility lies outside of the ward with the guy who’s currently fleeing.
She brings me back to my senses with a harsh “RUN!” and I’m out the door and running past the nurses’ station.
As I pass them, I tell them that Kentley has been stabbed but I don’t stop to watch them run in the opposite direction.
Keeping my pace, I dart through the corridors after the perp.
I keep my eyes focused on him. Determined that this time he won’t get away, I clear my mind of everything except his ugly face as I cuff him.
I’m catching up with him.
He throws things into my path; trays of hospital equipment, plants, whatever he can get his hands on in the corridors of the hospital. I jump over the debris that lands at my feet and fight not to lose speed.
He’s almost within my reach when he darts into an open lift.
I manage to follow him in just as the doors are about to close.  
I’m quick to lunge for the emergency button. The last thing I need is some innocent bystander getting stabbed.
It’s bad enough that he’s hurt Kentley. 
Don’t think about that now, I tell myself. I can’t afford to think about that or she won’t be the only one with a stab wound.
I use the exact same tactic that DS Kentley used earlier on him, hooking my foot behind his knee, except this time it works. The only difference between us is that I have the weight to force him into submission. Grabbing for his wrist, I push down on his pressure point, causing him to drop the knife.
It clatters on the ground.
I twist his arm behind his back and make a grab for the handcuffs I have had hidden under my hospital gown this whole time.
“I am arresting you on suspicion of rape and assault with intent to resist arrest. You do not have to say anything, yet it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence.”
When I’ve finished reading him his rights, I pull him to his feet and press the emergency button once more. The lift lurches back to life. When the doors open the uniformed officers are waiting for us. I give them the suspect and point to the knife, before making a dart for the stairs.
I need to know how Kentley is.
***
I pace back and forth in the small waiting area. My eyes are trained on the door to the operating theatre. I’ve been pacing impatiently for the last hour.
At some point during that time DCS Kentley and his wife have arrived along with the rest of my team.
Mrs Kentley is stone faced and furious. The DCS is stoic and completely unyielding. His concern is hidden beneath years of practice. I consider apologising but I don’t know what good it would do or if it would just offend them. After all, I might be her superior officer, but I can’t control the little lioness they call daughter any more than they can.
John has his head in his lap and the rest of the guys look restless. I consider putting them to work. Except I can’t think what they can do. It’s the early hours of the morning; the sun is just rising and my brain is muddled.
Dr Hewitt breaks our silence a little after eight. It’s good news. Kentley is going to be fine.
After I hear that, all the doctor’s words jumble into one and my focus is lost. She’s okay. That’s all that really matters. She’s alive. Safe… or as safe as Georgia Kentley, the clumsiest girl I’ve ever met, could possibly be.
DCS Kentley’s shoulders visibly slump with relief and Mrs Kentley starts ranting, “I’m going to give her a piece of my mind as soon as I see her. Making us worry like this… how dare she?”
Kentley just chuckles at his wife’s outburst.
“Now, now dear. All that matters is that she’s okay.”
“She’ll put me in an early grave with worry,” she carries on her rumbling.
***
The next few days move slowly. Kentley is still in the hospital and something inside me feels compelled to visit her, stay by her side and never leave.
She clearly can’t look after herself.
Even knowing she is safely wrapped up in the hospital, I imagine all the horrific situations she could land herself in while I’m too far away at the yard to protect her.
John pops in to visit her on his day off. He even takes her a bunch of flowers from us all. She’ll hate them, the thought makes me snicker. The boys write her a card and ask me to sign it. I sit there with it on my desk for a full twenty minutes, trying to think up what to write.
Sorry I didn’t manage to prevent you getting hurt... Sorry I couldn’t save you... Sorry I chose to chase him instead of rescuing you…
No matter how I try to reason with myself, I can’t get rid of the horrid sense of guilt that has filled the pit of my stomach. In the end I settle for a quick get well soon, as if that can possibly say everything I can’t.
I avoid the hospital.
I know I should really visit her, I know I want to, except I can’t bring myself to do it.
DCS Kentley drops into my office on the 5th of January. Georgia has been in the hospital for three days and is apparently hating every moment of it.
“Is there any paperwork I can take her?” the DCS asks me with a huff that suggests he knows his daughter is ridiculous.
“No Sir.” I grin. “I’ve done the report already. There’s nothing she needs to do.”
“Bugger.”
“She’s bored?” My smirk grows wide.
“Bored doesn’t describe her… she refuses to sit still for more than two minutes. It’s worse than when she was a toddler.”
I smile at the idea of a mischievous two-year-old Georgia Kentley. She was probably damn cute as a button.
“Do you want me to visit her, Sir? Give you and your wife a break?”
“Would you?” The relief on his face is hilarious. “Don’t get me wrong. She’s had visitors. But she doesn’t listen to anyone. She might listen to you though.”
“Doubt it, Sir, but I can give it a go.”
I don’t really want to go to the hospital. I’m not sure how I’m supposed to face her, knowing that I should have saved her. If I’d woken up when I should have, as soon as her hand left mine, I would have too, and she wouldn’t be in the hospital right now. I let her down.
***
That afternoon I make my way to the hospital. The DCS has told his wife I’m visiting this afternoon so hopefully she won’t be there.
That woman scares me.
I can’t help but wonder if Georgia is like that when she’s angry too. That is not worth imagining.
Dread fills me as I ride the lift to her floor. The ward is quiet as I stride towards her room. I nod at the nurses. We’d all become pretty good pals over the last few days. One or two give me evils and one even mutters under her breath something about husbands that leave their wives in the hospital being villainous pigs.
Apparently, no one has informed them that we’re not actually married. I gulp. Better not ask for a cuppa.
Mrs Kentley is just on her way out as I approach. She gives me a smile that is in complete contrast with the harpy I met not three days ago.
“Ah Walker,” she beams serenely, “I’m relying on you to make my daughter behave.”
“Yes Mam,” I respond with a mock solute.
She waves me goodbye before heading in the direction I’ve just come from. I take a deep breath before opening the door and making my way into the room.
“Finally come to visit me have you, husband?”
Kentley winks at me from where she is currently stood, leaning against the window ledge.
“Why are you out of bed, wife?” I ask through gritted teeth, as I barge across the room, pull her into my arms and force her back into bed.
“I have to move around,” she complains.
“Not right now, you don’t.”
She huffs in response but settles down in her bed, fluffing her pillows behind her.
“So… tell me. Did they find that Christmas thief?”
Her eyes light up at the thought of work.
“Yeah.” I sigh with exasperation.
“And?” She gives me a look that tells me she thinks I might be slow.
“And… he was stealing presents for his kids. It’s pretty sad actually. He lost his job and felt bad he couldn’t get his four kids the presents they wanted so he robbed them.”
“No way.” She’s listening to me as if I’m her favourite person on the planet, although, I know that’s far from the truth. “Any new cases?”
“Not really…” I mumble.
“Oh, come on! You have to tell me. I’m going stir crazy in here.”
“Crazy, huh?” I tease her.
“My mum is here twenty-four-seven and the list of things I’m not allowed to do seems to grow every minute.”
“It can’t be that bad.” I grin at her.
“It is exactly that bad. Please…” she begs me quietly.
I don’t want to talk about work. I’m not sure why not. Work is the thing we have in common. The only thing we have in common. Or at least it was before we spent almost a week in the hospital together. Now that list has grown considerably.
“Why don’t we play cards then?” I offer.
She shakes her head.
“Don’t want to.”
“Watch tv?”
Again, she shakes her head.
“Will you read to me?” Her voice is timid as if she is convinced I’ll say no.
“Do you have a book?”
She shakes her head, pouting gently. She’s adorable. It’s infuriating but she’s actually adorable. Damn it. 
“Good job I’ve got my phone.” I smirk at her. “Move up.”
I push her hip with my own and sit next to her on the bed, wrapping my arm around her shoulder. Our week in hospital together completely fucked up our boundaries and I’m making no attempt to try and rectify the damage.
She doesn’t argue or complain.
Instead, she allows her head to drop into the crook of my shoulder and closes her eyes. She lets out a heavy breath that makes me wonder if this is what she needs, five minutes to just stop.
I unlock my phone, open the book app and start reading her a murder mystery novel that I haven’t read yet. 

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Georgia
These four walls are screaming at me. I’m literally going spare as I pace around my hospital room. My parents are frustrated because I won’t sit still but seriously, do they actually expect me to sit my arse in that chair? And for how bloody long?
I desperately want to go home.
Except they won’t let me because my stupid wound is weeping, and they think it’s infected. So instead of going home, I’m sat in this godforsaken hospital, flinging antibiotics down my throat and trying to keep myself entertained without anything to do.
Nick has visited, along with his little niece Amelia. That half hour was probably the best fun I’ve had since being stabbed.
I’d thought I was bored when I was here undercover with Trent but at least he kept me sane with all the inane chatter and silly quibbling.
But he’s not here now. Stuck on my own in this little room, it’s a heck of a lot gloomier.
The boys from the yard have all visited me and I guess I shouldn’t complain. The stream of guests over the last three days have been anything but lacking.
Except for Trent.
He hasn’t visited once.
I don’t really understand why I’m disappointed. After all we’re not friends. We barely know each other at all. I don’t want to admit it and the words will never escape my mouth, but I sort of miss him.
 When my dad tells me that Trent will be visiting me today, I almost squeal with excitement. It’s an unexplainable, automatic response that I thankfully manage to hold in.
I’m sat in my hospital bed with my lunch in front of me. My dad is sat reading the paper. He’s come to visit me for an hour or so, so that my mum can take a break. They’ve both apparently forgotten that I’m a grownup who doesn’t need babysitting.
“That’s nice,” I reply in the most apathetic voice I can muster.
My dad nods his head sharply.
“I’m hoping he can get you to sit still for more than five minutes.”
“Good luck with that,” I mutter.
Just as my dad is about to respond, there is a knock at the door. We both turn just in time to see Darren Jacks enter my room.
Shit.
He is the last person I want to see and what’s more, if I have to see him, I definitely don’t want to have to do it in front of my father. I can almost hear my dad grinding his teeth from where he sits near the window behind me.
I don’t say anything. I’m not really sure what I’m supposed to say and I sure as fuck don’t know why he is here.
“Hi,” he says in a voice devoid of feeling.
“Hi,” I reply.
The silence that follows my response is awful. I can almost feel the tension radiating off my father and the awkward expression on Darren’s face isn’t particularly heart-warming.  I don’t know why he’s here but I do know that he’s not welcome.
If things had ended better, we’d still be friends but that isn’t an option now.
“I just… I thought I would check you’re okay.”
“I’m fine,” I say with a bitter coldness.
“You always say that,” he says with a lilt that suggests he thinks it’s funny.
“Why are you here?” I ask because quite frankly I have no patience for him.
He destroyed our friendship and I want nothing to do with him.
He looks stricken as if I’ve just slapped him across the cheek.
“I needed to know you were okay.”
“No, you didn’t. It’s nothing to do with you. Nothing in my life has anything to do with you.”
“We were friends…” he starts.
“But you ruined that.” My words are harsh, intentionally so. I’m leaving him no room for negotiation. I want him to realise I want nothing from him; not marriage, not kids, not a relationship, not even friendship. The only thing I want is for him to leave.
“I think you should go,” my dad cuts through the strange atmosphere that follows my word.
His face marred by an ugly grimace, Darren nods his head.
“I am sorry, Georgia. I never meant to hurt you.”
I have no response.
Words won’t fix this. Words mean jack shit right now.
He turns his back when I fail to respond and then walks out the room without saying another word. My father drops his hand to my shoulder, giving it an encouraging squeeze.
***
I’m stood by the window when Trent comes through my door. I train the expression on my face. I don’t want him to think I’m anything less than glowingly happy.
“Finally come to visit me have you, husband?” I wink at him mockingly.
“Why are you out of bed, wife?”
The expression on his face as he makes quick work of crossing the room, is anything but sweet. This is the Trent I’ve missed, the one who seems to constantly be pissed at me for seemingly no reason at all.
He forces me back into my bed and although I complain, I don’t resist.
Although the lads have all visited me, they’ve all refused to tell me anything about work. However, I’m convinced that if anyone is going to give me some juicy info about work, it’s him. He’s as much of a workaholic as I am.
“So… tell me. Did they find that Christmas thief?”
“Yeah,” he says disinterestedly.
“And?” I struggle not to roll my eyes at him.
“And… he was stealing presents for his kids. It’s pretty sad actually. He lost his job and felt bad he couldn’t get his four kids the presents they wanted so he robbed them.”
“No way.” I want more. “Any new cases?”
“Not really…”
“Oh, come on!” I protest with evident frustration. “You have to tell me. I’m going stir crazy in here.”
He teases me, as if he wouldn’t be equally irritated being stuck in a hospital bed. All I want is to go back to work.
Is that really an unreasonable thing to want?
Eventually he agrees to read to me and my entire body relaxes as he sits beside me, the gentle sound of his voice lulling me to sleep.
***
Sometime later I wake to the sound of my father’s voice. He’s talking to Trent about work. Awkwardly, Trent is still next to me.
My head resting on his chest, I can hear his heartbeat. Somehow, it’s steady. Mine is racing a mile a minute. I don’t open my eyes. There are two reasons why. One, they’re talking about work and I can totally eavesdrop if my eyes are closed. Two, I just can’t face the awkwardness.
How has Trent explained our position to my father?
I mean, it’s innocent enough. Except, my parents will probably read into it because that’s what they do.
My attention is diverted from their conversation when the arm that Trent has wrapped around me tightens slightly and his hand strokes the exposed skin on my neck. It’s probably an involuntary, completely accidental action, and yet it seems so completely natural while also feeling so completely surreal. My breath catches in my throat and his fingers stop tracing their pattern.
He knows I’m awake. Now I’m going to actually have to sit up and face the drama.
Just as I’m about to get up, he pulls me closer and I’m left wondering what I should do.
Minutes pass, they discuss the robberies and some new cases that neither one of them have told me anything about, much to my irritation. I find myself grateful that Trent is giving me this new flow of information.
After twenty minutes my heart has settled, and I feel quite at ease. He’s still running his fingers across my neck soothingly. I’m drifting in and out of consciousness, barely paying their conversation much attention at all. Trent is apparently talking my dad into going home and resting.
“I’ll look after her,” he says with a sincerity that sounds almost unnatural.
“Are you sure?” I can almost picture my dad checking his watch. “There’s still a couple of hours of visiting time left.”
“It’s fine. She’s asleep anyway.”
There is quiet and then I hear my father’s chair scrape on the floor as he gets to his feet. He says his goodnights to Trent and then he’s gone. My heart speeds up again and the awkwardness from when I first woke up returns.
We’re alone now. I’m still in his arms.
He’s still stroking my neck. And he knows I’m awake.
I should sit up. I should move out of his grasp. I’m surprised he hasn’t pulled away himself. I open my eyes but all I can see from my position leaning against his chest is the navy shirt he’s wearing. I watch as his chest rises and falls with his breaths. I go to say something but just as I open my mouth, I realise I have no idea what to say.
He beats me to it.
“Just rest, little Bint.”
“Stop calling me a Bint,” I say more out of habit than irritation.
“Shh,” I don’t need to see his face to know he’s smirking. “Sleep.”
“I’m not working right now,” I argue, “you can’t boss me around.”
I sound like a child, arguing with her parents, much to my own frustration.
He chuckles dryly. “I can always boss you around.”
“How do you work that out?”
I go to pull away from him so I can actually look at him, but he pulls me back into position and refuses to let me up.
“It’s just a fact.”
“Misogynistic Pig!” I huff out angrily.
“Yeah, yeah, Bint. I’m tired. Go to sleep.”
He pulls me closer as if I’m not close enough already and rests his head back on my pillow.
“Are you staying?” I ask because I really can’t understand anything he does or says.
“Do you want me to leave?”
I don’t respond. There’s no correct answer to that question. No. I don’t want him to go. He should go, but no matter how much I don’t want to like the misogynist that isn’t as awful as I first imagined, I can’t help myself. 

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Walker
I know this isn’t wise. I know I should have left, letting her father stay to watch over her instead of me. I’m breaking about a million boundaries – well maybe not a million – but enough that it’s bound to come back to bite me in the arse.
Fortunately, I’d still been reading when the DCS walked into the hospital room, earlier this evening. Otherwise, I hate to think what he might have thought.
It was bad enough that his eyebrow had gone sky high, his facial expression asking the questions his mouth refused to. He hadn’t looked unhappy or angry, just surprised so I’d tried to act like it wasn’t odd that I’d basically been found in his daughter’s bed.
“Kentley wanted me to read to her,” I began in an attempt to clear up any confusion, “but she fell asleep.”
“Good,” my boss said in a tone that gave nothing away. “She’s not been sleeping,” and with that he changed the subject.
Moving into a hushed yet polite conversation, he asked after my mother. We talked about work and about what I have been doing since we last worked together. We talked about our families and we talked about the girl that was still asleep in my arms.
He took me by surprise when he opened up to me about Kentley’s injuries. I hadn’t anticipated that. He had never shared his emotions with me before and I couldn’t be sure what had made that moment different, what had inspired the shift in our relationship.
Perhaps it was simply a response to the fact that I had had my arm wrapped around one of the most prized things in his life, at the time.
“Every day I worry something will happen to her,” he told me, his usually stoic face troubled. “Every day without fail… I’ve nearly lost her too many times.”
I nodded my head like an idiot, unsure how to respond to his sudden confession.
“When she told me she wanted to join the force I tried to talk her out of it.” He was smiling, reminiscing. “No. That’s a lie. I tried to forbid it.”
“I bet she didn’t like that.” I chuckled quietly, careful not to wake the sleeping girl in my arms.
“Like hell she did. She gave me a stern look and told me that if she couldn’t, neither could I.” He frowned. “She said that my career was just as big a danger to her security as her own could be. She wasn’t wrong. Before even signing up…” He paused as if it would cost him too much to continue.
“I know. I know about the kidnapping.” I took pity on him.
“She told you?” He was surprised. Amazed, in fact.
“No. John did. But she knows I know. We’ve talked about it.”
He nodded his head.
“She doesn’t talk about it. I think that’s part of the reason her and her ex didn’t work out.”
He was quiet for a moment before he continued, “he just couldn’t understand why she wouldn’t open up.”
“Somethings are just too hard to share.”
“Yeah,” his eyes were shrewd as they considered me, “he didn’t get that. He tried to force it. Damn well nearly broke her too. That’s when I insisted she see a counsellor.”
I nodded because what could I say? Thumbs up? That was a good call?
“Darren came to see her today.”
I wasn’t sure why he was telling me. It was not exactly any of my business.
“She told him to leave…” I wasn’t sure if he was hinting at something or just rambling.
He looked at me, his eyes sincere.
“I haven’t seen her so calm in a long time.”
I glanced down at the little lioness in my arms.
“She’s normally a restless sleeper.”
Definitely hinting.
“She must really trust you.”
“I hope so,” I replied before I could think about what he would read into my words.
“No doubt about it. My daughter isn’t the most trusting. She wouldn’t let just anyone sit with her while she slept.”
“We got to know each other quite well while we were undercover,” I said because for some reason, I felt the need to explain myself.
“I’m glad.” He had smiled a hopeful smile. “You’re exactly the sort of person she needs in her life.”
***
Hours later and his words are still running through my mind on a loop. You’re exactly the sort of person she needs in her life. Well if that isn’t a blessing, I don’t know what is.
It’s not that I want to date Kentley, but I’ve got to admit that it’s nice to know that I have her father’s support if I choose to pursue her.
Not that I will, mind you.
However I look at it, she’s still a member of my team and I’m supposed to be responsible for her life. I can’t risk her life by caring too much for her.
No matter how tempting it might be.
Witnessing her get hurt the other day knocked me for six. It wasn’t until I had her in my arms that I realised how badly I had reacted to it either. The calm that had washed over me as I pulled her against myself was the only way I could tell just how frazzled my nerves had been without her beside me.
The knowledge is disconcerting.
I know that I can’t stay yet there’s no way in hell I’m leaving. It’s the first time I’ve slept while she’s slept, the thought crosses my mind just as I feel my eyelids droop. Every other night we’ve spent together, one of us has had to be awake.
But not tonight.
Tonight there is no one trying to harm us, no danger for us to face… for one night we can sleep peacefully.
I can’t stop the smile that crosses my face at the idea.
A nurse pops her head in, frowns at my position on the bed, but doesn’t comment. She does a few checks. Somehow my little lioness sleeps right through it all.
I expect her to remind me that visiting hours are over, but she doesn’t. She leaves without a word.
Georgia turns slightly in my arms so that she’s pretty much lying on top of me, wrapped around me. I can feel her heart as it beats in her chest and its gentle rhythm lulls me to sleep. 

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Georgia
He’s gone. The bed beside me is empty. My hand instinctively reaches out for him as if it he’s just out of reach, except he’s not.
The hospital around me is bustling with energy. It’s morning and light is streaming in through the window. Logic says its morning and he’s probably gone to work.
I rub my hand across my eyes as I look around the room for any clues at all, hoping against my common sense that he might not have left after all. On the side table there is a note:
Kentley, had to go to the yard. I picked you up some breakfast before I went. I’ll be back later, after work. Trent.
Beside the note is a bag. The smell emanating from it is mouth-wateringly good. Next to the bag is a disposable coffee cup. I grab for the cup and pull it to my nose, taking in its aroma. Just what I need first thing in the morning. I make quick work of the Salmon and Cream Cheese Bagel that is waiting for me inside the bag.
My mum arrives just as I’m finishing off the last of my coffee.
“Morning,” she says as she drops her stuff on her chair, before she leans over to kiss my cheek. “Sleep well?”
“Great. Thanks.”
Her hawk eyes don’t miss the bag.
“Did Trent get you breakfast?”
I can’t outright lie. Well, I could but I won’t. So, I simply nod my head once.
“He seems nice…” Mum is prying.
“He is.”
“Did he stay all night?”
“What’s with the twenty questions?”
“Just wondering, is all…” she says with mock disinterest. “What should we do today? Perhaps they’ll let you come home today.”
I don’t miss the home reference. She doesn’t mean my home. She means hers. She wants me to come back home and let them look after me. That’s not happening.
“It would be nice to get back to the flat,” I say pointedly.
“I was thinking you might like to come visit, take a break from work, rest a bit…”
“The second I get out of the hospital, I’m going back to work,” I respond with conviction.
“Are you sure that’s wise?”
I shrug my shoulders. I don’t care if it’s wise. I’m bored beyond belief.
“Besides it’s not like Trent will let me do too much. He’s bossier than you are.”
Mum sniggers slightly.
“I’ll believe that when I see it.”
***
The day passes just as slowly as the one before but at least today I have something to look forward to. As I walk around the hospital’s garden with my mum my mind returns to last night and how comfortable I had felt with Trent.
As the doctor tells me it will be at least another day before she agrees to release me, I don’t mind too much because I remember that Trent has promised to come back tonight.
When mum tells me off for pushing myself too much, I ignore the irritation that bubbles up inside me because I’m counting down the hours before she’ll go home and Trent will arrive.
I’m probably reading too much into what happened last night. It’s not like we like each other, in fact until recently I’d had the distinct impression he really didn’t like me at all. I try my best not to think about him but the idleness of my day leaves me with far too much time free for daydreaming.
When he finally appears at the end of his work day, he’s looking more fresh than he should after a hard day’s graft. He walks in brandishing three large pizza boxes.
“Alright Bint?” he asks, his eyes lighting up when he sees what he’s looking for in my expression – most likely irritation.
I don’t bother to correct him. He plonks himself down on the side of my bed.
“How’s the infection?” He reaches for my forehead. “You’re still hot.”
There is a wolf whistle from the doorway.
“Hot are you, Kentley?” Alvin teases as he and the rest of the team make their way into my room.
“Piss off,” I respond, eyes narrowed.
I struggle to hide the disappointment I feel at their arrival. It’s not that I don’t love their company. I do. Any other day I’d have been delighted to have them visit. I’d had the idea in my head that I’d get to spend the evening with Trent… I’d been surprisingly excited about it… and now that excitement dissipates, leaving me subdued.
Trent tells Alvin to shut up and eat some pizza before turning back to me.
“What did the doctor say?”
“I have to stay at least another day.” Even I can hear the disappointment in my voice. I want to go home already.
Trent settles in next to me on the bed. I notice the glances that come our way but I ignore them. After all, Trent seems perfectly content to let them think whatever they want. He grabs one of the pizza boxes and offers me a slice.
“Thanks,” I mumble.
“You’re welcome, Bint.”
I breathe in and count to five before elbowing him in the side.
“Hey!” He pokes my elbow. “That’s pointy.”
“Stop calling me a Bint!” I say through gritted teeth.
The room has gone quiet and without looking, I know they are all watching us. I scrunch up my face, closing my eyes, refusing to turn to look at my colleagues.
When I open them again, he’s looking down at me and his face is closer than I’d initially realised. Shit. I’m screwed.
John breaks the silence by coughing loudly. I mentally thank him. The lads are quick to return to their previous train of thought – food – and soon they are all eating heartily and talking animatedly. Happily, I sit and watch them without feeling the need to say anything myself.
They tell me all about the new cases they’re working on and I find myself growing jealous. My shoulders tense and Trent puts his arm around me.
“Not long now, Bint. You’ll be back in no time.”
I should tell him off for calling me a Bint, but it will have absolutely no effect on him whatsoever and what’s more I’m grateful that at least he understands that I want to get back to work.
“Yeah, the DCS has already lined you up with a new desk job,” Lance Stone says playfully.
“Not funny!” I huff out.
The guys chatter away about this and that. I try to keep up but my mind keeps wandering. With his arm around me, it’s almost impossible to think of anything except Trent. I find myself wondering if he will spend the night with me again. It’s too much to ask, especially when he has work in the morning. Yet, I can’t resist wishing that he will.
***
Mark and Anthony are the first to make their excuses. Anthony Milton is a big foodie and as soon as the pizza is gone that’s his cue to leave. Mark, on the other hand, has plans with his family in the morning and is planning on getting an early night. The others gradually follow, until only myself, Trent and John are sat in the hospital room. Trent gets up to throw away the pizza boxes, leaving me and John alone.
“You and the DCI seem close?” he asks.
Nodding my head, I tell him the truth. “We became sort of friends during the last case.”
“Friends?” I can’t gage whether he’s encouraging me to go for it with Trent or whether this is a warning. “You seem closer than that.”
“Do we?” I play it off. I don’t want to have this conversation. Not now.
“Just remember that even if you’re currently in the hospital and not at work, he’s still going to be your boss when you get back.”
“I haven’t forgotten that.”
“Good. If you can differentiate the two, I have nothing against it.”
“But there’s nothing…”
“Sure… maybe not yet…”
I don’t respond because Trent chooses this moment to walk back into the room.
“Trent,” John smirks, “would you give me a lift home?”
Trent’s eyes dart to mine and I school my expression, hiding my disappointment.
“Sure.” He returns his attention to John. “You going to be okay, Kentley? Nothing else we can get you before we go?”
“I’m good,” I say, my voice flatter than I intend it to be.
The look in his eyes tells me he shares my disappointment, but I can’t help but wonder if I’m reading into it, or seeing imaginary emotions cross his face.
***
After they leave, I make my way to the bathroom. I take my time cleaning my teeth, brushing my hair and washing my face. When I climb back into bed, my mind drifts back to Trent and how disappointed I feel that he’s not here with me.
Just falling asleep, I’m surprised when the door to my hospital room opens an hour later. I sit up and face the door. Trent is stood there with a bag on his shoulder.
I’m smiling like an idiot and I don’t know if I can stop myself now that I’ve started.
His returning smile makes me feel less like an idiot. He closes the door and plonks his bag down on the chair, removing his shoes and approaching my bed.
“Budge up, Bint.”
“You’re so bossy,” I complain without any real grumble.
“Too right.” He grins wolfishly at me as I move up in the bed to make room for him beside me.
“You didn’t have to come back.” My voice is hesitant, perhaps even a little nervous.
“I wanted to.”
“Okay.”
“Damn right it’s okay. I’m the Boss here,” he tells me as he climbs into bed beside me.
“Not sure you can use that line when you are demanding entry to my bed.”
“HR would have a field day.” He smirks like a naughty boy who almost wants to get caught.
“What did John talk to you about?” I ask, nosily.
“What did he talk about with you when I took the pizza out?” He answers my question with a question.
“I think you already know the answer to that.”
“Then I think you already know the answer to your question too.”
I yawn involuntarily.
“Time to sleep, Bint.”
“You really need to stop calling me a Bint.”
“Never going to happen.”
“Why not?”
“It’s quickly becoming a habit.”
“Habits can change.”
“Only if you want them to.”
“I want it to.”
“But I don’t,” he says as he pulls me down so that I’m resting my head on his chest.
“It’s not very nice.”
He doesn’t deny it. “No, it’s not.”
“You should be nice.”
“Why? What are you going to do if I don’t? Tell daddy?” he whispers.
I can almost picture him closing his eyes as he talks to me. I wish I could see him clearly.
“No. Why would I do that?”
“I don’t know but I’m pretty sure your dad would still let me have you.”
“Let you have me?” I practically shoot up into a seated position, turning at the waist so I can look him dead in the eye. “You misogynist!”
Chuckling, he replies, “what would you prefer I call you?”
He pulls me back down so that I’m once more lying down.
“I don’t know.”
“It won’t change then.”
“But.”
“Nope. I like it.”
“Surely you can think of a better name,” I say tersely.
“I can do a lot of things, doesn’t mean I will.”
I pout, even if he can’t see it.
“Now enough nonsense,” he says as he allows his hand to run through my hair. “Time to sleep.”
“But I don’t want to.”
His tone is teasing when he replies, “what do you want?”
That simple, little question puts at least a hundred ideas into my head. 

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Walker
Waking up, I pull the warm lump next to me closer. I open my eyes and peer down at her. She’s curled up, her hand clutching my shirt. Her hair is flowing in ricochets down her back. She’s unbelievably beautiful like this, completely at ease without a care in the world, a little lioness momentarily tamed.
My mind returns to the night before. I’d thought I was teasing her with my words, “what do you want?” but in reality, I had been equally tempting myself.
Common sense said that it was a bad idea to kiss her but that hadn’t stopped me. I’d lifted her chin towards me and allowed myself to do the one thing I knew I probably shouldn’t. Her lips were soft yet firm as she kissed me back, her hand going to my neck, pulling me closer.
The kiss quickly escalated, my tongue seeking entry into her mouth, licking along the length of her bottom lip. It yielded but her tongue was waiting for mine, ready to compete for dominance.
My little lioness was not easy to tame.
I rolled over so that I was hovering over her, careful not to put any of my weight on her, concerned for her wound.
I brushed her hair off her face and kissed her once more. It was zealous and sweet all at once. I allowed my tongue to draw tiny circles along the roof of her mouth before pulling back so she could catch her breath. I dropped little kisses along her chin, as she purred beneath me.
Kissing her was the highlight of my year so far.
My fingers now run across my lips as they tingle at the memory. Her hands had been in my hair pulling me closer, causing my tongue to go deeper into her mouth and pushing her body against mine in the most tempting way.
I only pulled back when she froze, flinching away in pain, a hand running to her side. I sat up, concerned that I had hurt her.
“Are you okay?” I asked, my voice rough.
She nodded, lifting her eyes to meet mine. They were hooded with lust as she grabbed my shirt to pull me back to her. I shook my head.
“No. You should rest.”
She pouted, my little lioness was damn cute when she wanted to be. I chuckled with a massive grin on my face, shaking my head gently. I had rolled us back over, careful not to hurt her.
“Sleep.”
Now though I’m lying here with her wrapped around me, legs entwined. I know I should get up. Her family are bound to show up at some point and I shouldn’t be found in her bed twice in forty-eight hours.
It’s my day off though and every inch of me wants to stay right where I am.
***
“Morning Bint,” I say as I return to the room an hour later, carrying two coffees and a brown McDonalds bag. “I got breakfast.”
She beams at me from where she is currently sat near the window.
“Yay! Mackies!”
I kiss her on the forehead and offer her one of the coffees before sitting on the side of her bed, facing her.
“Sleep well?”
“Yes,” she replies as I pass her a breakfast muffin.
We don’t mention what happened the night before. I’m not really sure what we should say. There’s plenty that probably should be said but I don’t know what last night means. I know we shouldn’t really be together, it’s dangerous, a risk... but that doesn’t stop me wanting her.
It’s not that I don’t want to care about her.
It’s more that I don’t want her to care about me. The more she cares, the stupider she will be. It’s not that I think she’ll start behaving like a simpering miss, no, I’m more concerned that if we find ourselves in a dangerous situation, she’ll risk her own life to save mine.
That’s what happens when you care.
Having finished eating, she looks up at the clock, frowning gently.
“Mum will be here soon. You don’t have to stay.”
“I want to stay,” I tell her candidly.
“Aren’t you needed at the yard?”
“It’s my day off.”
“And you’re going to waste it at the hospital?”
“I’m not wasting it if I’m spending it with you, silly Bint.”
***
“You can’t eat that.” I pull a face. “It looks gross.”
She grins at me. “It’s hospital food.”
Her mum is sat reading a book, although I’ve caught her secretly watching us a couple of times. We’ve spent the morning watching the news and playing snap. I’ve played the part of the perfect gentleman and I’ve won her mother over.
“Let’s go down to the canteen and get something better.”
Pushing the table away, she doesn’t need to be told twice. She feels trapped in this little room. It’s evident in the way she taps her foot repeatedly as she struggles to sit still. She grabs a hoodie and turns to her mum.
“You must be hungry too, mum?”
“I could eat,” Mrs Kentley says gently, closing her book and placing it on the corner of the side table.
We make our way down to the canteen slowly. I tease Kentley for being such a slow poke, except she knows that I’d tell her off if she were to speed up. The food in the canteen isn’t much better than what she’d had on her plate on the ward but at least she’s out of that little room. The smile on her face is enough to make the trip down to the canteen worth it.
Her mum takes the opportunity to ask me about a thousand questions.
“So, what do your parents do Walker?”
“They’re retired, Mrs Kentley,” I say politely. “My dad was an engineer. He used to work for the MOD. As for mum, she was a Maths teacher.”
“Oh, lovely.” She gives me a warm smile. “They must be very proud of you.”
“Yes, Mam,” I agree. “They are.”
“You can call me Cheryl.”
“Thank you, Cheryl.”
The questions continue.
“Do you have siblings?”
“Yes. Several.” I grin. “We have a big family; there are five of us.”
“FIVE?” Her eyebrows shoot up. “Wow. That must be nice?”
“It’s awesome. I have four guaranteed people in my corner when things go wrong.”
She nods.
“I always wanted to have other children but I couldn’t. My pregnancy with Georgie wasn’t good. I nearly lost her and the doctors told me it was too dangerous to try for more.”
I nod my head solemnly.
“We adopted two other children,” she goes on to tell me. “Will, Georgie’s big brother lives in Edinburgh and Rachael is at University in Birmingham.”
The conversation flows easily.
***
Mrs Kentley receives a phone call from her husband halfway through our meal. It turns out the DCS is looking for them in Georgia’s room. Ten minutes later he’s sitting with us at our table in the canteen. He doesn’t comment at my presence. He doesn’t seem affected by it at all.
“Enjoying your day off, Trent?”
“It’s been pretty good so far.”
I lean back, resting my arm on the back of Kentley’s chair.
“Have you been here long?” he asks with a glint of laughter in his eyes. He knows full well I’ve been here all day, but he wants me to say it.
“All day, Sir,” silently adding to myself, and all night.
“Good, good. And what have you all been doing with yourselves all morning?”
“We played cards,” Georgia Kentley answers, “and watched the news…” The list is short. “Mum read a book,” she adds, clearly trying to make our day sound more interesting.
In response, he claps his hands abruptly. “And you came here for lunch?”
“Well the hospital food wasn’t that great,” I explain.
“Is it ever?” He chortles happily.
“We need to head back to the ward,” Kentley tells her parents. “The doctor will be doing her rounds.” Her voice is rich with excitement. I don’t have to look at her to know that she is hoping that the doctor will discharge her today.
“I think you should come stay with us if they let you go home.” Mrs Kentley… Cheryl says.
“No. I’m going home.”
“There’s no telling her, Cheryl,” the DCS soothes.
“She lives alone!” The harpy from the other night has returned and shit, I wish I could disappear into the woodwork. “She needs someone there to look after her. She’s still injured.”
“Well, I’ll be at work most of the time anyway…” Kentley doesn’t help herself.
“You’re not going back to work straight away,” her father says at the exact same time I say, “no, you won’t.”
“What is this? Gang up on Georgia day?” Kentley huffs.
I turn in my chair, giving her my full attention.
“There’s no way in hell that I’m letting you run around London chasing after criminals with stitches in your side.”
“But…”
“No buts. It’s non-negotiable. You’re staying home for at least a week.”
I can hear her parents murmuring their agreement behind me. I turn back to face them.
“I’m currently staying at a friend’s place. He just so happens to be Georgia’s next-door neighbour. I’m not far away if she needs anything.”
I can almost see the clogs moving in her mother’s eyes.
“Would you perhaps consider staying with Georgie for a few nights? I’d feel very reassured if there was someone inside the apartment with her.”
Detective Chief Superintendent is entertained by his wife’s suggestion, but he keeps his mouth shut, the only evidence of his amusement the creases around his eyes as he struggles not to laugh.
***
As the nurses prepare Kentley’s medication and her parents sort her personal belongings. I sit listening to Kentley’s complaints. She’s frustrated that we won’t let her go back to work. She should be grateful that she’s allowed out of the hospital at all.
“Just think of it as a holiday, Kentley.”
“I don’t want a bloody holiday. I want to work.”
I smirk happily at her.
“Well, you’ve got a holiday so you better not waste it.”
“You could always bring case files home for me.” Her eyes go wide with excitement. “I could work from home… there must be something I can do? Or you could just put me behind a desk.”
“You want to go back to work so much, you’d even take a desk job?”
“Please.” She pulls on my arm, begging me.
“No. You are taking a week off to rest, not to work at home, not to sit behind a desk. You’re going to take the time to relax, even if I have to damn well force you, little Bint.”
“Stop calling me that,” she grumbles without conviction.
Leaning closer, I say directly into her ear, “never.”
Her parents return just in time to witness our closeness and for me to catch the cherry blush that lands on her cheeks.
“All sorted.” The DCS smirks.
“I’ve got my car,” I tell them. “I can drive Georgia home.”
“That’s good of you.” The DCS nods.
Mrs Kentley looks less sure. “Perhaps I should come with you.”
“Cheryl…” DCS Kentley begins, just as I say, “Mrs Kentley, surely you are tired. You’ve been so busy taking care of Georgia. You should rest too.”
***
It’s five o’clock by the time we get back. I offer to cook dinner but the contents of her fridge are severely lacking in anything edible. I should have thought about it beforehand. She’s been in the hospital for ages.
I glance back to where I’ve left her, sat on the sofa. I tell her that I’m just heading next door to grab some food and she apologises for her empty fridge.
“Don’t be silly, little Bint,” I murmur before leaving the apartment.
I’m quick to return. I don’t want to leave her alone even for a second. It’s not that I think she will get hurt, although she’s the clumsiest fool imaginable. It’s more that I want to be with her.
When I return she’s no longer awake. Her head is resting on the armrest and she’s curled herself up into a ball. I pull the blanket off the back of the sofa and drape it over her before returning to the kitchen to cook her dinner.
I make pasta because I want to make something quick and easy. As it boils, I stand and watch her sleep. It’s hard to believe how much I’d completely misunderstood the little lioness that is now sleeping soundly.
I’m loathed to wake her when I bring her dinner. I place the plate on the coffee table before kneeling down in front of her.
“Little Bint, time to wake up.”
She doesn’t respond, except to turn away from me.
“Georgia.” I run my hand through her hair. “Little Lioness, dinner is ready.”
I lean in, kissing her forehead.
She reaches out for me. “Little Lioness?”
Shit! I hadn’t planned on saying that out loud.
“You need to eat,” I tell her, ignoring her snickers. 

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Georgia
The next morning, I wake to the sound of Trent preparing to leave. I practically glare at him.
“Please let me come with you.”
“No,” he says, completely unaffected by my anger.
“Please.”
“Not happening.”
“What if I…”
“Silly Bint, there is nothing you could offer me that would be enough for me to risk your safety. Next week – and not before.”
I frown but I don’t say anything. In fairness it’s pretty sweet that he’s concerned about my safety. Climbing out of bed, I step up on my tiptoes and kiss him softly on the lips.
When I pull back, he’s looking at me with a strange expression, it’s somewhat unfathomable.
“I’m sorry.”
“You’re sorry?” I ask. “For what?”
“I didn’t stop him. I didn’t save you.”
I laugh harshly. “I never asked you to.”
“I still should have.”
“No. You did your job.” I pull him towards me. “I don’t expect anything else.”
***
The next few days, I live for the evenings. The days are filled with utter boredom but by night I get to know Trent better. We eat dinner together each night. He comes back earlier than he should and I tell him off repeatedly for it.
Although we still haven’t discussed what’s going on between us, we talk about everything else.
He tells me about his ex-girlfriend, the one he proposed to and I talk about Darren. He asks about the two times I’ve been kidnapped and for the first time in my life I find myself willing to answer. I don’t go into detail, but I tell him about what happened when I was nine. I struggle to tell him about the second time I was kidnapped. Two years ago, it still feels raw.
“I was working a case with John at the time,” I tell him. It’s late; we’re sat in my bed. We haven’t done anything at all – not since the hospital – he’s been a complete gentleman. “It was a murder case – the perp was particularly messed up. You know the sort… a serial killer with no remorse… he was a psychopath like I’d never seen before.”
He doesn’t answer, he simply listens.
“As we chased him, he became infatuated with me. Stalking me. Sending notes to the yard for me. They insisted on taking me off the case and reassigning me temporarily to a desk job. I worked the front desk. But what we didn’t know was that he was a PC downstairs. As safe as we thought I was inside the yard, I wasn’t. He offered to walk me home one night. I didn’t think anything of it. Everyone had been walking me home for weeks.”
I take a deep breath.
“Around the corner from my apartment he knocked me out.”
He’s angry, I can see it in his expression and the way all his muscles seem to have tensed up.
“How long?” His words are gruff and unapologetic.
“Two weeks.”
His eyes are wide with shock and fear. He almost doesn’t want to ask the rest of his questions, for fear of what I might tell him.
“He kept me locked in a dark room. There was no furniture, no way out, nothing... I fought back, tried to escape but every time I did, he overpowered me.”
“Did he…?” He can’t utter the words.
I shake my head. I know what he wants to ask.
“No. He didn’t rape me,” I clarify. “He was violent but he never…” He never had sex with me, I finish in my head because even after a year and a half I still can’t face it. “He was creative with his punishments. I came away with broken ribs, internal bleeding, broken bones, half-starved with a concussion. At some point I gave up, stopped believing that I would be rescued… when they came for me, I couldn’t believe it. I didn’t believe it.”
“They shot him. He’s dead. John was the one that came for me. He carried me out of there, telling me I was far too light if he was able to carry me.”
He’s quiet. Now that I’m talking, I’m not sure how I will stop.
“I’ve never seen my dad so scared. Broken by fear. My mum was…” My words crack. “I promised myself right then that I’d never let them worry so much again.”
We talk some more but at some point, the conversation falls away and he kisses me.
The kiss is rough as if we’ve both suddenly realised how miraculous it is that we can even be here together right in this moment, how miraculous it is that he can kiss me. As his tongue explores my mouth, my hands wrap around his neck. He holds my face in place, cupping my chin with his hands before allowing one hand to drop to the strap of my pyjama top.
He hooks his finger under it and pulls it down my arm, exposing the flesh on my collar bone. He pulls away from me so that he can kiss the newly exposed skin. His kisses leave my skin tingling.
I want more.
I pull his t-shirt over his head and take in the sight of him.  There doesn’t seem to be an inch of fat on him. He’s an Adonis and I don’t say that lightly. Perhaps it’s because Darren was my first boyfriend but fuck, I’ve been missing out if this is what the rest of them look like with their shirts off.
He lowers himself down, lifting my top, kissing along my stomach as he uncovers it, careful to avoid my bandaged wound. Before long, my top meets his on the floor and his eyes seem to devour me.
I’m breathless and needy for his touch.
His mouth is on my left breast, kissing, sucking and at times biting. My nipples tighten in response and I can’t quiet the moans that escape my mouth. He raises his head and smirks, licking his lips before returning his lips to mine for another kiss, his hand replacing his mouth on my tit. My entire body is alive with his touch as if set alight.
“I want you,” is all he says before he makes quick work of the rest of our clothes.
His head between my thighs, he laps at my sex, flicking his tongue over my clit, bringing me closer and closer to the edge. My hands fist in the sheet below me. His finger enters me, and I buck my hips violently into his face. It thrusts in and out and I whimper. I need more.
“Please,” I beg him.
I don’t have to say it twice.
He’s out of the bed in a second, walking away from me. His arse is amazing, and I find myself ogling him. I watch as he picks up his trousers from the pile of clothes on the floor, removing a condom from his wallet.
He sits down on the side of my bed and I sit up, coming behind him and kissing his neck. I can’t keep my hands off him, even as he sits there putting on the condom.
I suck on his neck before biting down gently.
He takes me by surprise when he turns abruptly and lifts me into his arms before dropping me back onto the bed, right in the middle. He acts quickly, entering me without warning.
The sudden fullness is overwhelmingly good as he starts to move within me.
I lift my legs, wrapping them around him, pulling him closer, forcing him deeper. He pounds into me violently. My side is sore, but I ignore it. I won’t give him an excuse to stop and I know he will if he thinks I’m hurting. It’s only a momentary thought before I’m completely lost in the sweet sensations that are coursing through my entire body at his touch.
I clutch to his arms, my nails digging into his flesh.
His eyes are on mine, focused on me as if I’m the only person in his world. Then he’s kissing me once more. The combination of his kiss, his hands on my body and his dick inside me is enough to take me over the edge. My head spinning and my body shaking, my thighs quiver as every muscle in my body tenses and the walls of my pussy pulse around him.
Then all control gone, I collapse back onto the bed, unable to move, think or speak. 

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Walker
Last night we lay there together, talking in whispers, occasionally touching and kissing for hours. That hadn’t been the plan. I’d told myself when I came to stay with her that we wouldn’t have sex. I’d told myself firmly that it was one hundred percent not allowed while ever she still had her stitches. Yet, not three days later I’d fucked up and well… fucked her.
As annoyed at myself as I am, I don’t regret it.
If she were to tell me I hurt her, then I might but without those words, I can’t bring myself to regret something that felt so bloody brilliant.
She grimaces as I get ready to go to work.
“It’s early,” I say quietly. “You should go back to sleep.”
“I want to go to work,” she says.
I lean down, kissing her on the forehead.
“Not today.”
She doesn’t reply, she doesn’t need to, her eyes say everything. She’s pissed off. She doesn’t want to spend another day stuck in this house.
“The rest of the time will fly.”
“Doubt it.”
She crosses her arms.
***
My mind isn’t really with me today. It’s still in bed with Kentley. Distractedly, I text her throughout the day. Although she frequently tells me off for it, she does try to use it as a way to find out about everything she is missing here at Scotland Yard. I don’t tell her anything, much to her irritation. She ignores my texts after that and my mood suffers as a result.
When I return home that night, I drop a case file on the sofa beside her and wait for her reaction.
She doesn’t disappoint. She jumps up from where she is sat and launches herself at me exuberantly.
“Thank you!” she says before scrunching up her face in pain.
I force her back down on the sofa.
“Moved too quick?”
She nods her head, her teeth gritted. “And that’s why I won’t let you come back to work…”
“Quit the I told you so crap,” she grumbles before opening the file, her face lighting up as she does.
“So easy to keep you smiling, little Bint… just have to give you plenty of work.”
She slaps my arm in fake annoyance and I sit myself down beside her, turning on the news and settling in for a quiet evening in.
***
I’m relieved when Kentley finally returns to work. The team just isn’t the same without her, but I won’t be stupid enough to tell her that. I insist on driving her there and fortunately she doesn’t resist. She’s highly independent, but I’m about to mess that up for her.
The boys are ridiculously excited to see her.
“I got a cake to celebrate you coming back,” Alvin tells her happily.
They all circle round her, hugging her and welcoming her back. I lean against a desk and watch them, arms folded across my chest. She really does inspire people to care about her.
Take me for example. Three weeks ago, I had disliked her, convinced that she was here as a result of nepotism. I’d completely underestimated just how amazing she was.
The briefing is quick and easy; we spend most of it catching Kentley up on everything she has missed.
When she needs to go out, I insist on accompanying her. Logically, I know I should just let her work, but logic doesn’t speak as loudly as the concern that rushes through me that something might happen to her while she’s still not at full strength. I stand guard throughout the whole day, heck I don’t even let her out of my sight to buy coffee.
The rest of the team notice and don’t hide their entertainment. They take it in turns to tease me. Lance Stone catches me looking at her as she works on her paperwork.
“Alright boss. She’s pretty, right?”
I roll my eyes and head off in search of coffee, ignoring him as best I can. His comment isn’t the only one. Even John gets in on the ruckus.
“So, boss… you and Kentley?”
I don’t respond. John already knows how I feel. He’s asked me before. I’d been pretty honest, sitting in the London traffic. I’d told him I liked her, I’d told him I didn’t think I should… that hadn’t changed. I still didn’t think it was a good idea but I wouldn’t be able to stay away from her even if I tried.
When the day finally comes to an end, I’m relieved because I can take her home without any new bruises or broken bones. For some reason it feels like a massive achievement. I take her hand in mine as we sit in the car. It’s rush hour and we’re not going anywhere fast.
“Did they annoy you today?” she asks.
That’s one of the things I like most about this little lioness, she’s honest and direct.
“Annoy me?” I’m not.
“The lads and all their teasing.”
“No. It didn’t annoy me.”
“For real?” Of course, she doesn’t believe me.
“For real, little Bint.”
“I think I preferred it when you called me a Little Lioness,” she says under her breath.
I chuckle.
“I call you that in my head all the time.”
She looks my way.
“Then why do you call me Bint?”
“Argh…” I shrug my shoulders. “I like calling you it.”
***
I’m woken by a vicious ringing sound. It’s loud, piercing and shrill. It’s still dark when I open my eyes. A quick glance at the alarm tells me that it’s four fifty-seven in the morning.
Shit! I look around, half dazed, for the cause of the sound.
Georgia hides her head under the covers, muttering something about shutting the damn thing up.
It’s my phone, I realise. Looking at the screen, I climb out of bed, pulling on clothes as I go.
“Yes?”
“We’ve got a suspected murder case, Sir.” Mark Jackson says down the line.
“Text me the location,” I say before hanging up.
I turn back to the sleeping lioness. I know that she’ll want to come with me but I sort of want to leave her to sleep.
“Georgia, I’ve got to go.” The use of her first name feels weird.
She rolls over to face me.
“The yard?”
“There’s a new case,” I tell her. “Sleep some more. I’ll come back for you in a few hours.”
Frowning, she checks the clock. “It’s bad.”
“Don’t worry. You’ll hear all about it in a few hours. I don’t know much, yet.”
She nods her head.
“Stay safe.”
***
The sight that awaits me when I arrive at the crime scene is horrific. I’ve seen some pretty gruesome stuff in my time on the force, but this is way beyond that.
Approaching the semi-detached house, you’d never anticipate what is inside, police cordon the only clue that something bad has happened. There are approximately five police cruisers, one CSI van and several unmarked vehicles already at the scene when I arrive. Jackson is stood at the door to the house talking to one of the guys from CSI.
“DCI this is Al,” he says when I reach them. “Al, DCI Trent. Al was just telling me about what they’ve found so far.”
Al offers me a pair of plastic shoe covers.
“Might be easier to show you, Sir. I hope you’ve got a hard stomach. It’s not pretty.”
He opens the door with a gloved hand.
“Probably goes without saying but please don’t touch anything, not even the walls.”
“There’s not much to say about downstairs. There’s a broken window around the back. Looking at the direction the glass fell, we believe the perp escaped through it.”
He leads the way up the stairs.
The first thing I see that is amiss is a hand print on the door frame to the room we’re about to enter. It’s red in colour and against sense I wish that it isn’t blood, even though I know better.
“Prepare yourselves lads. It’s really not nice in here,” Al says.
There is no preparation for what this room looks like. It’s a sight that will probably stay with me for the rest of my life. There’s a lot of blood. More than seems natural. In the middle of the bed lies a girl, early twenties, her injuries numerous. Her hair is dark, her skin a mottled colour.
“It’s the victim’s house,” Al tells me. “Her name is Mischa Dante. Twenty-Three. Of course, we’ll need to confirm it, but we’ve identified her with the ID we found in her handbag.”
I nod, encouraging him to continue.
“There are signs of asphyxiation, although the coroner will have to confirm the cause of death. Some of her injuries appear to be old. I wouldn’t like to say how long she was held here.”
That surprises me. Why break a window to escape, if you’ve been here a while? Unless the perp was disturbed by something…
“She has several stab wounds, although we’re unsure as to the weapon that caused them. There’s nothing in the house that matches her injuries. You’re probably looking for a serrated knife, possibly a bread knife. The bread knife in the kitchen, by chance happens to be missing. It’s branded.”
He goes on to note the brand name and the colour of the knife set.
I stare at the scene in front of me, no longer really seeing anything. I’m thankful that I didn’t let Kentley come with me. If I can save her from seeing this, by god I will. This is about as fucked up as this job gets. Chances are she’ll have to see it eventually but at least then the body will have been removed, I think to myself, grateful for small mercies. 

CHAPTER NINETEEN
Georgia
When Trent picks me up, he doesn’t greet me with his usual smile. He seems rushed, less controlled than normal.
“You need to eat before we go,” I tell him.
He shakes his head.
“There’s no time.”
“At least, let me put it in a box for you to eat at the Yard.”
He nods his head but doesn’t speak. I put a mug of coffee in his hand.
“Drink.”
It always surprises me when he lets me boss him around. He’s so bossy himself, it’s hard to imagine him letting anyone boss him about, least of all me. He stands there in the doorway to my kitchen, drinking the coffee as I pack the box of food. I take longer than I need, just to give him time to finish his drink before he rushes us out the door.
Once we’re in the car I ask him about the case, “what’s happened?”
“We have a new murder case,” he says matter-of-factly.
He gives me a rundown of the key details from memory. I’ve seen that sort of shit before. It’s not nice. The helplessness you feel when you walk into a room washed in blood. As police officers the cases where our victims are alive, rescuable, those are the good ones. The ones where we can’t possibly save the victim, just all the victims that could come after that first one, those are the painful ones, the ones that make you hate the job.
***
The team are subdued in the briefing. Walker rubs his eyes with his hand. He’s tired and the day has barely started.
“This case is our top priority as of this moment,” he tells us seriously before briefing us on what he knows and giving out a list of jobs.
Lance Stone is charged with compiling a list of family members, friends, work colleagues for the team to interview. John is sent off with Ben Alvin to the Coroner’s office. Mark, Milton, Trent and I are off out to interview the victim’s neighbours.
We pair up, starting with the houses directly next to the Victim’s home. We’re not alone in our task. At least twenty uniformed officers are with us, going from house to house, sending us leads whenever they come across someone who seems to have something that might help us.
Trent and I start with the house attached Ms Dante’s. If anyone will have seen or heard something, they are our best bet. Trent raps his knuckles on the door before stepping back.
We brandish our badges.
“Sorry to disturb you,” Trent begins. “We would just like to ask you a few questions about your neighbour.”
“Is this to do with all that trouble last night?” the woman asks.
She lets us into her house. Looking around it’s clear that she is a mum. There are kid’s drawings all over the place; toys cluttering every surface.
“Did you hear a disturbance last night?” Trent returns her question with a question.
“No more than normal. I only asked because of all the police cars and stuff in the early hours. Can I get you something to drink? Coffee? Tea? Water?”
“No, thank you. No more than normal?” I ask. “Was Ms Dante a noisy neighbour?”
“She always had the music blaring. I’ve complained multiple times, but she didn’t listen. Eventually I just started looking for a new house. It keeps the kids awake, you see.”
“She had music playing last night?” I question.
“Yeah, it was insanely loud. Couldn’t hear myself think.”
“What time was that?” Trent pulls out a note pad.
“Couldn’t have been before three. My husband was angry. Wanted to go round and have words but I didn’t see the point. We’ve tried talking to her about it before.”
“When did the music stop?”
“Couldn’t have been long before the first police car arrived…” She looks off into the distance as she considers the question, “or we wouldn’t have still been awake. Maybe four?”
“You didn’t hear anything else?”
“No. Is Mischa alright? Aside from the music, she’s a nice enough girl.”
“Regrettably, Ms Dante died in the early hours of this morning,” Trent says.
The woman raises a hand to her mouth in shock and lets out a little whimper.
“Have you spoken to or seen Ms Dante in the last few weeks?”
“No.” She frowns. “I’m not sure when I last saw her.”
I pass her my card.
“If you can think of anything else that might help our investigation, please don’t hesitate to call us.”
***
When we return to the yard, everyone huddles together, comparing the information we’ve collected. John tells us that some of the victim’s wounds are a week and a half old.
“How come she hasn’t been reported missing?” I ask.
It just doesn’t make sense. Surely, someone would think it odd that she’d disappeared?
They shrug their shoulders. Lance is the first to answer.
“She’s estranged from her parents.”
“But what about her work?”
“She does mostly temp work for an agency. It’s not unusual for their temps to just stop picking up the phone.”
“Friends? Someone must have noticed?”
I just can’t accept that she could disappear and no one would notice but the boys have no response, because that’s exactly what happened to Ms Dante. A week and a half ago she disappeared, and no one noticed.
***
The days that follow leave much to be desired. We have no real leads and we’re quickly exhausting the leads we do have. The team is despondent and every night we leave the yard feeling more dejected than the last. More than anything we fear that if we don’t find the perp, we could be looking at another victim.
Then three days later, our worst fears come true. We get a call in to the yard that dog walkers have found a body in Hyde Park.
Trent holds my hand as we approach the crime scene.
It’s unprofessional and I almost tell him off for it, except I appreciate the comfort he is offering. He stands slightly in front of me, in an attempt to block my view. I squeeze his hand.
“It’s okay, you know? I have seen a crime scene before.”
“I know.” He frowns. “I just...”
“Want to protect me,” I answer for him. “I get it.”
The crime scene is less gruelling than the first, although it’s possible that the park is only the dumping ground. CSI work tirelessly into the night while we return to the yard to try and identify the victim. 
When we finally return home, I’m restless and feeling incredibly useless. I dye our hair dark again, just for something to do, anything to distract myself from the awfulness that is waiting for us back at the yard in the morning. He’s leaning against the sink letting me dry his hair with a towel.
“We will catch him,” he promises me sincerely.
“I know.” My brow puckers and I struggle to put what I feel into words. “I’m just scared how long it will take us.”
He takes my face in his hands and looks me straight in the eye.
“We’ll work diligently. We won’t rush, but we’ll be efficient, and we’ll save as many people as we can.”
No promise that we’ll save the next one. It’s a promise he’d be a fool to make. The next victim could already be dead for all we know.
He kisses my forehead softly.
“Let’s go to bed. We’ve got a long day ahead of us tomorrow.” 

CHAPTER TWENTY
Walker
A week passes, and we don’t get much closer to finding the culprit, then early on Sunday morning I get another call.
This time I take Kentley with me. She insists and I haven’t got the energy to argue with her. If John and Stone find our arriving together unusual, for once they refrain from commenting. The victim looks much like the girls before her, same age, same frame, same hair colour… she could be the same girl being killed over and over again.
“She’s a replacement,” Kentley says what I’m thinking. “The victims are all replacements for the person he really wants to hurt.”
The crime scene this time is an alleyway behind a busy bar. The PCs are busy interviewing the punters. Mostly drunk, they don’t have a clue what’s going on but it’s better to be safe than sorry.
Al from CSI smiles at Georgia.
“Good to see you again, kid.”
“And you.”
He gives her a wink.
“You look better than last time I saw you.”
“That’s only because last time you saw me, I was covered in blood.”
“You did look pretty worse for wear.”
She laughs along with him. Was Al the CSI officer that worked her last kidnapping case?
“The stabbing wounds seem to match the previous two victims. I think our perp held on to the knife. Find the knife, you’ll find him.”
He spends a full half hour, running us through everything.
***
Everyone is waiting for us back at the yard. Together we run through the different leads we have and come up empty handed. Kentley is quiet, staring out the window.
“I think we need to release a statement… a warning of sorts. We know what sort of people he’s targeting. That’s our only real lead. If we can make sure brunette women in their twenties are paying attention to their surroundings, we might get lucky.”
“Or we could cause him to change his MO,” Alvin retorts.
She shrugs her shoulders.
“It’s possible. Either way, it’s pretty much a guarantee that’s he’s going to strike again. I don’t think it will be that easy for him to change his routine. He’s doing this for a reason. It’s premeditated but in his mind he isn’t killing the victims, he’s killing the same woman over and over again.”
Nodding my head slowly, I agree.
“We also need to work to create a profile for the killer. What sort of person would do this? What is likely to be his motivation? Someone get a hold of one of the criminal psychologists. Like Kentley says there’s a pattern, we need to work out what’s behind the pattern.”
There is a round of ‘yes sirs’ before everyone goes off in different directions. The desk girl from downstairs enters the briefing room, handing Kentley an envelope. John and I are stood not too far away from her talking about the case, but my eyes are on her.
She’s tired. Overworked. I wish I could give her half an hour to stop but there’s no time, not right now.
I watch as she opens the envelope and pulls a leaf of paper from within it, before dropping it to the ground. The horror in her eyes has me across the room in seconds, leaving John mid-sentence. I lean down to see what she’s dropped.
“Don’t touch it.”
I frown at her words.
“Someone call CSI!” I holler, because there on the ground, sat directly on top of the envelope it came from, is a photo of our victim tied up, gagged and crying. Written on it, in a rushed scrawl in red marker pen are the word:
Missed Me? I’ve Missed You. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
Georgia
They’re panicking. Literally panicking. Some idiot told my dad and now I’m trapped in Walker’s office with the two of them.
“It’s impossible,” my dad is saying. “He was shot.”
“Perhaps a copycat?” Trent suggests.
“The writing was identical.”
“He’s dead,” my dad retorts.
“Don’t be naïve.” It’s only been ten minutes, but it seems obvious enough to me. “I never saw his face… he was always masked. What if he wasn’t working alone? Yes, one guy was shot, but I can guarantee you that they’re going to tell you that the handwriting matches. I think he had an accomplice we didn’t know about.”
My dad is pacing the office and Trent isn’t much better as he sits in his chair tapping his foot on the floor angrily.
“I won’t go through that again,” Dad says weakly. “I think you should take some time off.”
“I’m not doing that.”
Trent frowns.
“I think you should listen to your father.”
“It’s not happening. I’m safer here than anywhere else.”
“You know as well as I do that that is not true!” My father rages.
“There’s no reason to believe that the accomplice is a police officer.”
“The good thing is we now know who he’s obsessed with,” Trent says, his tone irony dipped in malice.
They spend a good hour laying down the law. I’m given a short list of people I’m allowed to trust. Whenever possible, someone on that list is to accompany me at all times.
It’s a bit pointless because I know that Trent isn’t going to let me out of his sight at all now anyway, so why bother with a list.
The list might as well just read – Walker Trent.
In reality the list isn’t much longer; my dad, Trent, john and Mark Jackson. After they give me my list of rules, they call Mark and John into the office. They quickly agree to join my guard – as if I need it.
What I actually need is for us to catch the fucker who is killing these girls!
***
Trent makes the statement to the press and he looks ridiculously handsome doing it. We work tirelessly with the psychologists, writing up a profile for the killer. Knowing that I’m his obsession makes it a little easier.
My dad checks in on us frequently. I tell myself it’s because it’s a high-profile case but in reality, I know it’s because he’s worried about me. He tries to invite me home for dinner, but I refuse. My sister is home from Uni and the last thing I want to do is worry her and my mum.
A week passes without a new victim and every day I’m convinced that we’ll get a call, but the call doesn’t come. After work we go to the supermarket to pick something up for dinner. As we’re walking round, I turn to Walker.
“I’m going to go pick up a bottle of wine, you get the steaks. I’ll meet you at the till?”
He looks uncertain. As predicted, he’s barely let me out of his sight, mostly only so I can use the bathroom. Even at night he’s clung to me tighter. All I have to do is turn my head on my pillow and he sits up right, ready to fight an invisible enemy.
“We could just do it together.”
“But it’ll be quicker this way. Walker, I’m hungry,” I complain.
Part of me is being honest, I am hungry but the other half of me just wants two minutes to myself.
Eventually he concedes.
At first, I relish the moments of freedom. I don’t rush to the wine aisle, dawdling more than usual but then I get this sick to the gut feeling that I’m being watched.
I glance around myself, but nothing looks suspicious. I tell myself that I’m being silly, paranoid and carry on.
I breath slowly as I peruse the wines. I’m reading the label of a Rioja when I feel someone’s breath on my neck.
“Missed me?”
I turn around, only to see the back of a man, perhaps six-one, wearing a baseball cap, running down the aisle away from me.
I should give chase. That’s what I should do as a police officer. But I’m stock still, stood frozen, scared shitless and completely lost for what to do. I drop the bottle and pull out my phone, ringing Trent.
“He’s here.” That’s all I say.
“Where are you?” he asks urgently.
“The wine aisle.”
“Stay there, don’t hang up.”
I hear his feet pounding the ground even through the phone, he’s running to get to my side.
“Talk, say anything, just keep talking so I know you’re still there.”
Words desert me.
“Georgia!”
“Er… he was wearing a baseball cap, dark clothes… I think he was about six-one...”
“Good. Good girl, that’s it. Keep talking.”
That’s when I see him turn the corner and rush towards me. I crumple into his arms, my legs giving out. I cling to him as he makes several calls.
First, he calls John, arranging for the PCs to go out in the local area looking for anyone matching the description I’ve just given him. Then he asks for the team to come here and interview the employees and anyone who might have seen something.
Then he’s dragging me through the store to the front. As soon as he spots an employee, he pulls out his badge.
“I want to see the manager.”
We’re taken out back, to a small office. Trent demands to see the CCTV. For over an hour we sit in that little room, watching the tapes, from the various cameras, so that we can pinpoint where he came from and where he went, and to see if we can get a clear view of his face.
Even as we watch the tapes, my hand sits in his. He holds it tightly, never once letting go, even when it’s impractical.
He chastises himself, “I shouldn’t have let you out of my sight.”
“I’m glad you did.” I know he doesn’t like it, but this might be the lead we need. “He’d never have been so brazen, if you hadn’t.”
I rest my head on his shoulder, lost in my own thoughts, ignoring everything around me. He was so close to me. Right there, close enough that I felt his breath on my neck. I don’t notice when my father joins us. I miss their entire conversation, except for the end.
“Take her home, Son,” my dad is saying. “I’ll deal with everything.”
“Thank you, Sir.”
“You don’t need to thank me. You’re protecting my little girl.”


 

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Walker
I’ve never been so scared in my life. The fear I felt when I received her call had damn near destroyed me. Panic had overtaken me. It wasn’t a feeling I was used to and I definitely didn’t like it, not for a second.
I’d feared the worst, an unending stream of possible scenarios running through my head.
It wasn’t until my eyes could see her and my hands touch her that my heart began to calm. I’d gone through the motions, doing all the things I knew I must, as if running through a checklist of jobs to do.
Not once did I let go of her hand.
Now in the car on the way home, the checklist exhausted, I’m at a complete loss for what else I should do. All the obvious police jobs done, the responsibility her father gave me – to take her home – almost done… Soothe her? Perhaps comfort her, that’s the sort of thing a boyfriend should do, right? Except I haven’t claimed that title yet. And everything is getting more complicated by the second.
I stop at a red light and allow myself to focus my attention on the girl sat next to me. She’s shivering slightly, as she looks out the window at the passing houses. After everything we’ve been through since we first met, I can’t get over how scared she was tonight.
It had been so completely, out of character. I’ve long since believed that she is the bravest woman I know and yet tonight that bravery was shattered. It’s not a judgement – my own bravery deserted me today too. I just need to know that she’s okay.
Her head begins to droop, and she falls asleep.
***
I wake her once the car is parked in the underground car park.
“Little Lioness,” I whisper, “time to go inside.”
She stirs but doesn’t wake. After several attempts I give up, exiting the car. I wander around to the passenger side and pull her from the car. I lift her into my arms, bridal style, and close the door with my foot. I balance her with one arm as I quickly lock the car.
Then I make my way over to the lift.
She mumbles something incoherent, causing me to look down at her face. Her eyes are open although drooping as if she’ll fall asleep again at any moment.
“Thank you,” she says. “You came for me.”
The words ring in my ear, reminding me of one of the first things she ever told me… I hope no one ever has to rescue me.
“I’ll always come for you,” I promise her.
“You shouldn’t.”
“Why not?”
“Because your life means more to me than that.” Her words melt my heart.
“Well then, you’ll understand when I say that you matter more to me than that too.” I move a hair out of her eye. “I’d risk everything to keep you safe.”
“You mustn’t.”
“I won’t argue about it with you, Kentley. It’s already decided. I’m your personal bodyguard. I’m not leaving your side until this guy is either locked up or dead… perhaps not even then.”
The look she gives me is pure exasperation.
“Why can’t you ever do as your told?”
“Damn it.” I chuckle. “I don’t know. It might have something to do with stupid bints with unrealistic expectations.”
“It’s not unrealistic.”
“It is. You know me well enough by now, surely to work out that I’m a misogynist who doesn’t think you can look after yourself.”
“I don’t believe that.”
I can’t not smile. We’ve come a long way from the day we first met.
***
The boys are on a mission this morning to cheer Kentley up. I’m grateful for the attempt but there’s no world in which it will work. She’s barely slept. She’s cranky and annoyed.
To make matters worse she received another note when we arrived first thing. We called CSI before opening it this time. It was another picture of the last victim.
She wasn’t as pretty as you.
“I think we should go to the pub tonight,” Alvin suggests.
The others quickly agree but Kentley isn’t really paying attention.
“If he’s still messing around with pictures of the last victim and stalking me that means he’s still not found a new one yet,” she’s muttering more to herself than anyone else, “but how long before he gets bored of tormenting me and strikes again?”
“Oh, Kentley, you up for the pub tonight?” Stone asks her, breaking through her haze of shock.
I shouldn’t have brought her in today but call me arrogant, there was no way I wasn’t taking the lead on this case and I wasn’t leaving her side.
She nods, giving her consent.
“I need to go out and about as much as possible. The more he sees me, perhaps the less likely it will be that he will go and kill another girl.”
I don’t like it. If I had my way, I’d take her home, lock us in and throw away the key.
***
The pub is busy as ever but unlike normal, it puts me on edge. I’m clutching her hand, unwilling to drop it. We go to the bar together, we sit side by side. My eyes are focused on the door, watching the people entering the pub, checking for anything suspicious.
The boys are working hard, trying to distract Kentley.
I’m barely listening to their conversation, but I hear it loud and clear when Milton asks, “so, are you two together?”
Kentley almost spits out her drink in surprise.
“Erm… we haven’t really talked about it,” she answers, trying to evade the question.
Doesn’t she realise we’ve been evading the question for over a month, ever since she was in the hospital? They’ve been patient. It’s probably time we actually answer them.
“We haven’t had much chance to discuss it with everything else…” I begin, “but that doesn’t mean I don’t want to be.”
She smiles briefly. It’s the first time I’ve seen her smile in days and it makes everything that little bit better.
“So, you want to be together?” Lance presses.
“Yeah. I do.” Might as well put my cards on the table.
John laughs. “If you say it’s exclusive, it’s exclusive.”
Trust John to simplify everything.
“It’s exclusive,” I say with a sly grin at the little lioness next to me. She beams back.
“It’s exclusive,” she repeats my words back at me. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
Georgia
Arriving home, I pull my scarf and coat off.
“God! It’s cold out there.”
Trent comes up behind me, rubbing his hands up and down my arms.
“Do you want a hot drink?”
I shake my head, I don’t want anything that isn’t in this small space around me. I lean back into him, resting my head on his chest. His hand goes to the buttons of my blouse. I don’t move. I just stand there, using him as a pillar, to prop myself up. His hands explore my skin as he exposes it, putting his hand inside my bra to cup and caress me there.
Dropping to his knees behind me, he helps me remove my shoes and socks. Shoes off, I turn around to face him; I need to see him.
He undoes the zip of my trousers, his eyes never leaving mine. He allows them to fall to the ground at my feet and stands up. As I step out of them, he takes my hand and he pulls me towards him.
There are words that I want to say but my mouth doesn’t open. We’re surrounded by silence, neither one of us willing to break it.
I reach up for the button of his shirt. I want him as naked as I am. As I remove his shirt, his left hand rests just below my ear, twirling my hair between his fingers. The look he’s giving me is both terrifying and heady. It’s different to anything I ever felt with Darren, stronger, more potent. The way he looks at me makes my body sing.
Pulling his now undone shirt out of his trousers, I make quick work of unbuckling his belt as he shrugs the shirt off his shoulders.
Once we’re both stood there in our underwear, it hits me that we’re currently stood half naked in the hallway.
It’s not a problem – or it wouldn’t be if it was summer and not the beginning of February. I automatically wrap a hand around myself and it’s not from shame. My skin is covered in Goosebumps and I’m shivering slightly. I’m convinced if I stand here much longer, my teeth will start chattering. I make a grab for his hand and make a run for my bedroom.
“I’m so cold,” I tell him as I lead him in.
Chuckling, he gives me a look that says I won’t be for long and then I’m in his arms as he kisses me softly, his hand wrapping around my hair as he pulls me towards the bed. He sits himself down, pulling me on top of him, my thighs either side of his. I feel him, hard and unyielding against the silk of my knickers.
He unhooks my bra, discarding it, as he drops his mouth to my breast, swirling his tongue around and around, teasing me.
“Yes,” I grit out. “Please…”
He smirks up at me, clearly a little pleased with himself.
While his mouth continues to explore my flesh, his hands make their way down to my knickers, stroking me through the wet silk. He pushes his hand beneath them and into my folds, massaging my clit before dipping two fingers inside me.
He lifts his head to kiss me once more, his taste overpowering my senses.
Removing his hand, “stand up,” his words come out harsh and breathy.
I get to my feet and stand in front of him. He lowers my knickers to the ground before pulling off his boxers. Grabbing me by the waist, he pulls me back down onto the bed, so that he’s kneeling between my legs.
“There are condoms in the draw,” I tell him. I go to sit up, but he pushes me back down.
“I’ll get it.”
He kisses me on the nose, as he leans over to my bed side table, opening the top draw and removing a condom. I can’t take my eyes off him as he rolls the condom down his length. He looks imposing like this; taut muscle and hard flesh as he kneels before me, preparing to enter me.
I’m impatient and whine as he slowly pushes into me. I push back, desperate to feel him in the deepest part of me. He falls forward, resting on his forearms as they lie on either side of my head.
His mouth meets mine as he begins to thrust in.
My hands dig into his back, gripping him tightly, seeking to be as close to him as possible. Heat rushes through me and beads of sweat line his forehead.
He drops his head to my neck, biting down on my collar bone, causing me to cry out.
“Walker,” I breathe out. “More. Please.”
He doesn’t let up or slow down. He keeps going, putting his strength to good use. We move in tandem, perfect harmony, as we come towards our climax.
***
The next morning my mood is dramatically better than the day before. We walk into the yard, hand in hand, ready to face whatever rubbish comes our way.
There are several wolf whistles as we enter the briefing room, but John quickly shushes them.
“We’ve had a twenty-four-year-old brunette reported missing,” he says to Trent.
His tone telling us both exactly what he thinks. This is the next victim, if we don’t save her first.
Trent drops my hand to accept the file that John is offering him. He takes a seat and begins shifting through it, as I read it over his shoulder. The urgency of the day before returns tenfold.
We can’t fail her.
I can’t fail her.
A sense of responsibility fills me as I look at her picture. She looks like my sister, only older. She’s smiling in the picture. Her smile haunts me. I read the information about her, familiarising myself with who she is. Her name is Sherry and she’s a musician.
The clock is against us. Most of the girls hadn’t been kept alive long. We have no way to know how long he’ll keep her alive. She could be dead already; the thought crosses my mind not just once but several times. Stone and Milton have been trying to trace the letters but haven’t been very successful. The others have been focused on trying to find men in the London area that match the physical description I gave them, while also matching the profile that the psychologists have worked on. It’s frustratingly slow.
Just as Trent is telling me that we should eat, I get a call from downstairs.
“There’s another note,” the PC from the front desk says down the line.
“I’ll be right there. Don’t touch it. Call CSI.” I hang up the phone and rush for the door, Trent on my tail.
Al from CSI opens the envelope. He’s wearing gloves and uses a small utensil to prevent damaging it. The picture inside is horrific. Sherry is bound to a blood-stained bed, bruises cover her exposed skin and her eyes almost beg me to rescue her. There in the corner is the handwriting that I’ve come to dread.
She’s alive but she hasn’t got long.
48 hours.
“She’s still alive. We can still save her,” I say, with bittersweet hope.
Trent nods his head.
“48 hours…” He takes a picture of the image. “Let’s go back upstairs. Kate,” he turns to the desk PC, “can you order us some pizzas?”
“Is there really time for that?” I chastise him.
“You need to eat.” With those words, he’s rushing up the stairs and back into the briefing room. “Everyone! Gather round.” He calls them together as he sends the image to the printer from his phone. He sticks the image to the board. “We’ve got forty-eight hours to save her life. How are we going to do it?”
***
Several hours later, the majority of the team have gone out. It’s just me, John and Walker here. I’m currently working through Sherry’s schedule from yesterday, in an attempt to work out when she was kidnapped. Trent is sat with John working through a pile of possible suspects – the pile is huge, and I can’t see them working that out any time soon.
My phone rings and I rush to answer it in case it’s one of the team with a new lead.
“Still haven’t worked out who I am?” His voice causes my hand to shake. My eyes dart up to look for Trent. His head is bent over his work. Shit.
“You can’t tell him,” he says.
His words cause me to look around, suddenly scared that he is here in the room.
“Nope. I’m not there. But I can see you.”
My eyes jump to the CCTV camera in the corner.
“Clever girl.” I can hear screams in the background. “I’d ask you to wave but it would give us away.”
I wait for him to continue.
“I don’t like him, you know.”
“Like him?”
“DCI Trent.” He’s angry, twisted with rage.
“Oh.” I need to catch their attention, without giving it away. I stand to my feet.
“Where are you going?”
“Nowhere, just stretching my legs. Do you know how long I’ve been sat here?”
“Two hours and thirty-seven seconds.”
“I forgot,” I say, hitting my head lightly, “you’re watching.”
Trent looks up briefly, frowning at me. He opens his mouth, probably to tell me to get off the phone and get back to work when a look of pure thunder crosses his face. I shake my head, giggling lightly down the line. I need to give Trent a message but it can’t be obvious.
“How is she?” I ask because the screaming might have stopped momentarily but that doesn’t mean she’s not in pain.
“Okay, for now. In forty-four hours and twenty-six minutes I won’t be able to say that.”
“Are you going to tell me where you are?”
“What? So, you can tell your boyfriend?” He laughs darkly. “You know the one you’re staring at right now.”
Instinctively, I look away from Trent.
“You’re running out of time, you know,” he tells me. “I’ll give you a clue. Let’s think… I’m at the first place we met.”
“We’ve met?” I ask, suddenly flustered. “At the supermarket?”
“No love. Not the supermarket. Try again.”
I’m at a loss for ideas. We’ve actually met before all this, but I have no idea who he is.
“Should I tell you a story?” he asks.
“Sure,” I say, eager for any detail that might help me save Sherry.
“You wanted a little sister,” he says, “so you took mine.”
With those words he hangs up. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Walker
The shake of her head and the look in her eyes tell me not to speak, not to react, not to move at all. She increases the volume of her voice.
“How is she?”
John looks at me, I feel it more than see it as my eyes only see Kentley. I drop a hand to his shoulder, an order not to react.
He looks back down at the papers in front of him, although his ears are still undoubtedly trained on her voice.
“Are you going to tell me where you are?” she asks.
She’s quiet, presumably he’s talking and then she looks away from me. I’m almost across the room in a second in response.
“We’ve met? At the supermarket?” I’m frozen still as I watch her listen to him. “Sure.”
Then she’s dropping the phone from her ear. She’s barking out orders at me.
“Call my dad. He needs to come here, now.”
Whatever he’s told her, it’s caught her out and broken her usually composed appearance. 
Then she’s back on the phone.
***
“DAMN IT,” she says when whoever she’s calling doesn’t pick up.
I’m watching her from where I stand talking to her dad on the phone.
“I’ll be down in a second,” he tells me.
“She’s not answering the phone. John, we need to contact the police in Birmingham. I need PCs at my sister’s house.”
Her eyes are frantic as she turns back to her computer and starts searching for a children’s home that I’ve never heard of.
“What did he say?” I ask her.
“He said that I wanted a sister so I took his. I need to find my sister’s adoption records.”
I’m back on the phone as soon as she stops talking, calling the boys back. We’re minutes away from having a name.
 
An hour later, we don’t just have a name, we have a face, and an address in London. We’re in the car. The DCS is with us, sat in the passenger seat. He’s spoken to his wife and the PCs in Birmingham are escorting Rachael, Georgia’s adopted sister back to the family home in London. Apparently, she’s not overly happy about it because she’s barely been back in Birmingham for a day or two.
Georgia is in the back seat.
“He won’t be there,” she says.
I glance at her through the central mirror.
“You never know.”
“He’ll know this is our next move.”
She shakes her head irritably. She’s annoyed because her dad has insisted that she will stay in the car when we get there. She knows he’s just trying to protect her but that doesn’t change how she feels about it. In fairness, SCO19 – Specialist Firearms Command - will be the first to enter the building. Heck, if the look on DCS Kentley’s face is anything to go by he’s considered calling in the MOD. 
“Even if he’s not there, it might give us some insight.”
She nods, she knows I’m right.
Anxious to get there, she taps her fingers on the window.
“I just… there’s just not much time.”
“I know but we need to act cautiously,” I tell her, because I’m nervous that she doesn’t realise how dangerous this is for her right now. “One wrong move and she could die.”
She shakes her head.
“I know.”
***
As I pull up in front of the house that belongs to Mick Jacobson, the firearms squad, SCO19 are already parked up a little down the road. A couple of PCs are putting up a police cordon.
“Stay here,” I tell Georgia, causing her to roll her eyes at me.
Her dad climbs out of the car before me and I turn in my seat, so I can look her in the eye.
“I’m sorry. I know you don’t like it but please…”
“I just don’t understand why it’s okay for everyone else to risk their lives but not me.”
“Because he doesn’t want us.”
“He might hurt either of you just to hurt me,” she tells me, her arms folded.
“You’re right. He might. But more than anything else, I need to know that you are safe.”
“He’s not in there anyway.”
“We’ll soon find out,” I say before turning back around and reaching for the handle of my door.
“Stay safe,” she says, the line of her mouth says she’s still angry, but her eyes tell me she’s worried about me.
“I promise.”
***
We stand back and watch as SCO19 break down the door and enter the house, waiting for the call that says we can go in. Although I can’t see them, I can guess what they are doing, going from room to room, checking for the perp. From where we’re stood, I can hazard a guess that the house is empty. There’s no car out front and the lights are all off.
Over ten minutes later, I get the call that we can go in. “It’s all clear, Sir.”
The commanding officer of the SCO19 team leads me and the DCS into the house. We’re both wearing bullet proof vests – it’s a precaution. He walks us through the house, pointing out what has caught his attention.
“I have no reason to believe that anyone has been here recently, Sir.”
“You think it’s been empty for a while?”
“Yes Sir.” He nods his head. “Either that or the fucker doesn’t own a duster. There’s a lot of settled dust – as if he hasn’t touched anything in a while.”
I turn to John.
“I want everyone looking for anything that might tell us where he is. There has to be something that will help us in this house.”
John nods.
“Yes, sir.”
“Fuck,” DCS Kentley looks like he wants to punch something. I can’t really blame him. I’m not sure how I’d react if I was a father and some sick arsehole started threatening my daughters.
I place a hand on his shoulder, offering him a reassuring pat.
“I’m going to go tell Georgia she can come in now.”
The DCS nods his head, barely listening.   

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
Georgia
Once they leave me, I climb into the front seat, desperate to see whatever is visible from the car, although apparently that isn’t much.
I watch as Trent and my father put on their bullet-proof vests and I send a silent prayer out to anyone who might be listening that they won’t get hurt.
I’m counting the minutes, almost the seconds but time doesn’t move quickly at all. They are standing just within the police cordon. Trent appears completely at ease, except for the slight movement of his finger, tapping against his tricep, as he stands cross armed, staring at the house in front of him. My dad looks stoic as ever, completely focused on the job at hand.
I wish that I could be out there with them, I think to myself as I watch them closely. I understand why they want me to stay in the car. I get that I’m a distraction to them in this moment because they’re scared for me. I get it but it doesn’t mean that I like it.
In fact, I fucking hate it.
Would they let me shut them up in the car if the roles were reversed? I doubt it. There’s no world in which they’d do that. The double-standards aren’t lost on me. It’s frustrating and if I actually thought for one second that Mick Jacobson was inside that house, there’s no way I would have agreed to sit and wait here like a good little girl.
Trent glances back at me. I get that he’s worried. I’m not completely stupid – I get why they are doing this. He sends me a sad smile before turning back to the house.
Stupid misogynist, worrying about his little incapable miss. I’m perfectly capable of looking after myself. I mean, seriously, how much trouble could I possibly get into sat in his car? 
I jump out of my skin when my phone screeches in my pocket. I pull it out, certain that it’s him.
It’s an unknown number. I tap the screen to answer the call.
“Yes?” I keep my voice even, I won’t let him know I’m unnerved.
“You’re alone?”
“Yes.”
“Good. I’ve changed my mind.”
“What?” What does he mean? He’s changed his mind? “I’m going to kill her now.”
My heart literally stops as panic seeps through me. Tensing up, I reply, “No! No. You can’t.”
“You’ll have to hurry if you plan on stopping me,” he says in a voice that says I won’t make it in time. “I won’t wait long.”
“Where are you?” I ask urgently. I can see Trent and my dad enter the house in the distance.
“I’ll send you the address. Don’t bring your boyfriend. Come alone.”
“Okay.” I don’t hesitate, right as he hangs up.
I search for the car keys fretfully. I haven’t got long. They’ll be coming for me soon enough and then how will I get away from them?
I take a deep breath and count to five. I need to be calm.
If I’m going to survive this, then I need to keep fucking calm. After a moment, my heartrate has settled, my mind no longer whizzing away with itself.
Where does Trent usually keep his keys? I ask myself.
Trent usually keeps them in the space next to his hand break in the centre of the car. I sigh in relief when I find them there. I settle into the driving seat, moving the chair forward and turning the key in the ignition.
I hear my phone beep. He’s sent me the address. I open the message app. It’s not far from here. I’ll be there in less than ten minutes.
My phone still in my hand, I consider sending Trent a text. I type it out, noting the address, but then I remember his demand that I not bring Trent.
I’ll text him when I’m far enough away, I determine.
I push down the hand break and put the car into reverse, turning in the road so that I can drive away from the crime scene, away from the safety that is Walker Trent.
Looking through the centre mirror, I see Trent step out of the house. His face is pure thunder as he pulls his phone out of his pocket.
My own phone rings less than a minute later.
“Where the hell are you going?”
“I’ve got no choice. He’s changed the timeline. He’s going to kill her.”
“Stop the damn car, Kentley!” His anger taking over momentarily.
“No,” I tell him.
“I’ll go with you.” His voice is significantly calmer, although I think it’s an illusion. He’s going to be furious with me when we go home tonight.
“You can’t.”
“Fuck sake, Georgia.” The anger is back.
I tell him the address.
“Follow after me?” I ask him the one thing I wish I didn’t have to. It’s the last thing I want. I don’t want to be rescued.
“I was always going to send you the address,” I add sulkily.
“Of course, I’ll follow after you,” he says with a sigh. “Even if the entire world crumbles around you, I’ll always come for you.”
His words cause me to pause. There are words on the tip of my tongue. I don’t say them.
“Stay safe,” I demand, because there really is nothing worse than having someone you love, risk their life to save yours.
I hang up because I could stay on the phone with him all day.
The small conversation has calmed me and when I arrive at the address Mick Jacobson has sent me, I’m ready for whatever is waiting for me inside.
I silently make a promise, I won’t need rescued.

To Be Continued In
Inexplicable Fate


Preview of Inexplicable Fate

Detective Sergeant Georgia Kentley is walking right into a trap and she knows it.
That won't stop her. Not when she knows there's a life on the line.
Walker Trent, boyfriend and boss, doesn't understand why she can't just do as she's damn well told and stay put. With Georgia's life on the line, DCI Trent is coming after her. Whether she wants rescuing or not, he's on a mission to save her life and destroy anyone trying to hurt her.
She's convinced she doesn't need saving and he's scared that this time he'll be too late. 
Inexplicable Fate is the second book in the Fate series and continues where Inescapable Fate left off…

CHAPTER ONE
Walker
Somethings just plain don’t make sense. They’re unexplainable, completely fucking bonkers, out of this bloody world.
Georgia Kentley fits into that category.
What she’s doing right now, chasing down a fucking serial killer single bloody handed… There are no words for how fucking dense that little lioness is being.
If she hadn’t hung up, I’d be shouting down the line that he’s a fucking serial killer – a murderer with a personal vendetta against her and she’s walking straight into his trap. Worst of all she bloody well knows it.
This is perhaps – no, this is definitely – the stupidest thing she’s ever done.
I’m watching her drive off in my fucking car and there’s nothing I can do to stop her. She’s on a hero’s mission, desperate to save the current victim.
For me, they’re all rolled into one. Victim number one, two, three… That’s how I deal. They’re all dead, all the ones before and all the ones after her if I don’t catch the bastard, Mick Jacobson.
Georgia’s different though.
She refers to them all by name. She knows details of their lives – not just the ones that are relevant to the case but the stuff I usually ignore. The quirks that make the victims human. The traits that make you care.
She cares about them all on a personal level.
Where I want to take the killer down before too many people die, she wants to prevent his victims suffering even a fraction of what she’s suffered. That’s why she’s rushing in there as if she’s completely fearless.
She’s been his captive before. She knows the drill.
She’s been kidnapped twice in fact; once as a child and then later as an adult. She’s the unluckiest woman I’ve ever met. If anyone has the right to be reckless it’s her but I damn well wish she wouldn’t.
My mind is whizzing all over the place as I picture all the things I’ve seen, every gruesome crime scene, every bloody case file, except instead of victims that for the most part remain nameless and faceless in my mind, now all I see is Georgia. My Georgia.
I’m barking out orders as if I know what I’m doing, as if I’m still in charge but the only thing I know is that I’m not in control.
She’s in danger.
This is the scenario where a better man, a better cop would tell his commanding officer that he can’t handle the case. The correct thing to do – procedure – would be to step down. Except Georgia Kentley, the woman stopping me from thinking straight is also his daughter.
My girlfriend.
His daughter.
Their colleague… friend…
There’s not a single bloody person here who’s not invested in her safety. We all care too much and that could be what kills her.
The firearm lads are jumping into their van, preparing to head to the address Kentley gave me not minutes ago. The DCS and I are making a quick dart across the street to climb into John’s car, now that Kentley robbed me of my own, leaving both me and her dad stranded.
“She’s running into god knows what, and for what?” DCS Kentley asks angrily. “The girl might already be dead.”
He’s not wrong.
Logic says why keep the sub on the pitch when the real thing, the premier league player is coming into the game. He’s been playing us from the beginning, covering his tracks perfectly, only revealing his identity when it suited him. We’ve been nothing but pawns on his chest board since day one.
Fear grips me. My palms begin to sweat, and I grow impatient.
He’ll expect this. He’ll expect us to follow her. It’s inevitable. They won’t be there when we arrive. I’m 100% certain, although I wish I wasn’t. If we’re lucky we’ll be able to rescue his last victim, but Georgia will be long gone.
The words I said to her, the promise I made her is an anthem running through my mind, I’ll come for you.
“Fucking step on it,” I bark at John from where I’m sitting in the back of the police car. It doesn’t matter that we’re in the middle of the London traffic. All those other cars can just move aside for all I care.
“Yes sir,” John says.
He’s already driving well above the speed limit, the siren blaring, lights flashing, but it won’t be quick enough.
The dread I feel makes me want to puke, my stomach twisting in on itself.
“Are you up to this, Trent?” DCS asks.
“Are you?” I ask rebelliously. He might be my boss but right now I don’t care. I don’t care about anything except getting my girl back.
He’s watching me, turning in his seat to face me.
“It’s okay to hand it over.”
“I promised her.” 
There is no way in hell I’m not going in there.
“Son.”
That’s the second time he’s called me son. The first time was just a day or so ago. I don’t look at him as I tap my foot on the floor, anxious to get there.
“Son, I know you want to protect her. Shit, I want to save her too, but we need to remember the other victim. Saving Georgia cannot be done at her expense and if you can’t remember that, if we can’t remember that, we have no business working this case.”
I nod my head because I know he’s right.
It’s the job.
It’s the same job that has caused me to leave Georgia a broken mess on the ground not once, but twice already, so I could chase the arsehole responsible.
It’s the job. I get it.
Before I met Georgia, this scenario was practically impossible. My ex wasn’t a cop. She had been safely kept separate from this part of my life but with Georgia the lines between personal and professional are blurred, the lines between the job and my life are too faint.
She encompasses all of it and that’s dangerous because I can’t protect her and what’s more, she doesn’t want me to.
Me coming to her rescue is her worst nightmare. My little lioness doesn’t like to put the people she loves in danger. My safety, in her mind, trumps her own.
We pull up outside the house and the first thing I notice is my car is missing and my worst fears seem more likely. The house won’t be empty. There will be a brunette girl who looks just like Georgia in there. Except she won’t be Georgia. Her name will be Sherry, the latest in the line of Mick Jacobson’s victims. If we’re lucky she’ll be alive.
The armed officers enter the building and I watch from a short distance away with the DCS.
My hands are clammy, and I can hear my pulse thrashing in my ear, sharp, too quick as fear overwhelms me. I’m cold all over, filled with a dread that I can’t push away. I’m supposed to be in charge here but I can barely process what is happening around me.
I can’t stand still and wait for something to happen.
I’m fully aware that we’re wasting time. I turn on my heels and march over to my team. Their faces give way to their concern. They’re scared too. They care too.
“Stone, Jackson, head back to the yard. I want to know where they’ve taken my car.” What I don’t add is that I believe that if they find my car, they will find Georgia. It’s probably just wishful thinking but it’s the best bet I’ve got right now.
“Yes sir,” they reply in unison and then hastily leave.
The others look at me hopefully as if pleading with me to be kept busy too, but once again I’m all out of ideas. I turn back and return to my spot next to the DCS.
I don’t know how long we wait but it’s long enough for me to imagine every possible outcome, my fists clenched at my sides.
“We need medical assistance in here.” The words come through the radio. “We’ve got a twenty something woman bleeding out.”
Logic says that it’s not Georgia but I still panic.
As the team deal with the request for help, I’m pushing my way into the house, up the stairs and into a bedroom. There on the bed is a woman who could almost be Georgia’s double but she’s not the woman I love, and I don’t know if what I’m feeling is relief or fear. Perhaps, it’s a mixture of the two. Relief that the woman I love isn’t fighting for her life, losing blood far quicker than her body can handle, curdled with the fear of not knowing where or how Georgia is.
An officer is performing CPR, trying frantically not to lose her.
He can’t lose her. She has to live, if only to make Georgia’s stupidity justified.
John and the DCS have followed me into the room.
“John – let’s get uniform to accompany her to the hospital. I want a statement as soon as we can get one.”
“That’s if she lives,” John replies pointedly.
“She has to live.” It’s non-negotiable. The idea that Georgia’s fool hardy actions might have been in vain is too much to bare.
“Tell me anything that might help us catch this shithead.” My voice trembles as I direct my request to the officers around me.
We need to pick up the speed.
I need to find her.
Even if the whole world crumbles at our feet, I will rescue her. Hell, even if I have to destroy the whole bloody world to save her, I’d do it.
Job be damned.
World be damned.
Read Inexplicable Fate now!

Preview of Dr. Xmas

When Doctor Cameron Barker decides to propose to his long term girlfriend, his biggest fear is that she might not like the ring.
He never even considers all the other things that could go wrong.
What should be the perfect weekend, quickly dissolves into chaos. And somehow, he finds himself in his worst nightmare with his Gracie flinging his words back at him, "you're just not the guy for me."

Dr. Xmas is a standalone novella in the Hanleigh’s London Saga!

CHAPTER ONE
Cameron
“I’m not the guy for you.” It’s a sentence I’ve said more times than I can count. It’s fair to say that I said it because I was a complete manwhore, but it was also the truth. I said it because no matter how great the sex was with the woman I slept with, it was still only sex.
They would never be the one. I would never be the guy for them.
Even while I was shagging my way through the female population of London, I knew that without doubt because I’d already met her. The one. I’d already fucked that one royally up.
The women were not Grace Dolton, and so I wasn’t interested in anything more than sex.
Then by some random act of fate, Grace Dolton came back into my life with a bang and suddenly we were flat mates. I’d been scared to imagine that we could possibly be more than that. I didn’t think I was capable of more. That my heart couldn’t take more.
I was shit scared, out of my mind with fear, but somehow, we ended up together. I guess I said the right thing or something because we’ve spent the last year fucking like bunnies.
Right now, we’re curled up on the sofa in the apartment we share with our friend Theo. For the first time in months, Theo has gone out and so we have the apartment to ourselves. Theo is an author and I swear, when he has a deadline, he becomes a hermit.
A hermit who is particularly attached to this couch. No joke. I’m not even convinced the guy gets up from the couch to sleep and shower.
And then when he finishes a project, he goes out, finds some brunette and brings her back here. Theo and I have a lot in common, or at least we did before I reconnected with Grace. He’s exactly like I was back then.
On the TV in front of us is a couple. It’s supposed to be some Christmas romance film, but the guy is saying those same words I once used to say so often. They sound a lot harsher now, perhaps because it’s been such a long time since I last said them.
Or maybe because I’m just less of an arsehole now.
“Cameron,” Grace’s voice cuts into my thoughts and I blink abruptly before looking down at her.
“Sorry, Gracie. What were you saying?”
“Just that Aurora invited us to dinner tomorrow night,” Grace replies with a small smile.
Aurora is one of my best friends and one of Grace’s work colleagues, and so if she and her husband, Landon, are inviting us to dinner, I’m hardly going to say no.
“You’re not working, right?”
“Nope. Got the whole weekend off,” I tell her with a grin. She has no idea what I have planned for this weekend and I’m not about to tell her either. As a doctor, I had to book the weekend off to guarantee that my plans wouldn’t go up in flames, but Gracie always has the weekend off. She doesn’t have a regular nine-to-five but close enough.
She teaches at the local high school. Her weekdays start early and end late because Gracie always has work to bring home.
It can be challenging to find time together, often passing like ships in the night or whatever bullshit metaphor fits. The number of times I’ve come home after a night shift at the hospital just in time to fuck Gracie and share a cup of coffee before she heads in to work.
Grace thinks our lives are pretty perfect right now.
“You’ve got the weekend off?” She’s surprised because I haven’t told her yet. I had intended not to tell her right up until Saturday morning.
“Yeah.” I try to shrug it off. I don’t want to answer her questions about it. Not right now. So instead, I lean down and kiss her. Her lips brush against mine delicately. Inhaling, I can taste her perfectly. Her skin is warm as I pull her closer so that she’s lying on top of me on the sofa.
She moves above me, circling her hips over my crotch. If I wasn’t hard a minute ago, I certainly am now. Her top rides up as my fingers inch along her back. She moans into our kiss, deepening it as my tongue sweeps into her mouth.
Her hand sneaks into my trousers, moving along my inner thigh, before wrapping around my dick. She strokes it slowly, bringing her hand down the shaft before rubbing the head with her thumb. She pulls back then. Her touch is teasing at first, light touches.
Her eyes meet mine. I love the way she looks at me. She doesn’t doubt me at all. It’s hard to believe because I know I don’t deserve her trust. I broke her heart years ago, and although I’ll never do it again, and she’s long since forgiven me, I can’t bring myself to forget it. She looks at me like I’m everything. Like this moment is everything she needs.
She tugs at it firmly with a confidence that is ridiculously sexy. She keeps up an intoxicating rhythm as she pushes my shirt up with her spare hand. Her mouth follows, kissing along the skin that she exposes.
Fuck me! Grace never ceases to surprise me. She sucks on my nipple, before swirling her tongue around it, never once letting up on tugging at my dick. She licks her way back down my body until she reaches the hem of my trousers, unbuttoning them. She releases my cock just as I think I might come.
I groan at the loss as she pushes my trousers down past my arse, releasing my dick from its confines. Without hesitation, she reaches for it again, this time taking it in her mouth. The warmth of her mouth is almost overwhelming and I find myself thrusting into it. She pulls back though, and the look on her face tells me that she plans on making this last. Kissing my dick, she plays with the tip, swirling her tongue around it before giving a gentle suck.
She’s such a tease, moving so slow it’s frustrating. Long, slow licks of her tongue down the underside of my dick before returning to suck the head for just a moment. Every time, I imagine her taking my dick back into the warmth of her mouth, but she doesn’t.
Her hands are on my body, nails digging into my skin.
My dick pulses as she sucks on the tip again, and once again I desperately pray that she’ll suck the whole thing into her mouth. She doesn’t disappoint as she hollows out her cheeks and takes my dick into her mouth so deeply it makes her eyes water. Her hands move to my balls, playing with them gently.
She moans around my dick, her eyes focused on my face. It’s clear that she knows how close I am. She’s looking particularly pleased with herself. My hips are bucking off the sofa, pushing up into her mouth. The closer I get to releasing my load, I wonder if she’ll pull back again. Gracie really does love to tease me.
And in fairness, I love to be teased. By Grace at least.
The orgasm shatters through my body as she continues to deepthroat my dick. I come down her throat as I feel an almost electric heat spread throughout my entire body. I almost forget my own name as I groan out the only word that matters to me—the one that my entire universe revolves around—her name, “Grace.”
Read Dr. Xmas now!

THANK YOU!
Thank you for purchasing and reading my book. It means the world to me and I sincerely hope you loved it. If you enjoyed it, please remember to write a review and let me know.
You can find more information about my upcoming books on my website, www.hanleighbradley.com. You’ll find all sorts of awesome stuff on there. You can also follow me on the social media platforms of your choice, using my linktree.





Hanleigh Bradley’s Newsletter
To receive exclusive updates on all things ME, please subscribe to my newsletter mailing list. Subscribers are the first to hear when I plan to release a new book, so if you want to guarantee that you never miss a book, this newsletter is for you!
Click here to subscribe now!
 


About Hanleigh
Hanleigh lives in Derbyshire with her dogs, Manny and Missy. Both of whom make regular appearances in her live reads. Hanleigh is about as English as it's possible to be, without actually being English.
She first fell in love with books as a child reading Dr Seuss but moved onto romance when she first read Pride and Prejudice at the age of twelve. She wishes she could live inside the world inside her mind, but since that isn't possible, she puts pen to paper and shares that world with her readers instead.

Hanleigh’s London Saga

All the books in this Contemporary British Saga have interwoven plotlines, returning characters and places. These books are best read in order to avoid spoilers.

The Rules Series
Broken Rules
Enforced Rules
Revised Rules
A Secret Melody

The History Series
Repeating History
Deleting History
Forging History
A History In Paris

The Intimacy Series
Damaged Intimacy
Entangled Intimacy
Forceful Intimacy
Call Me Doctor

The Fate Series
Inescapable Fate
Inexplicable Fate
Irreversible Fate
A Bleak December

Hanleigh’s London Standalone
Dr. Xmas

Hanleigh’s London Boxsets
RULES
HISTORY
INTIMACY
FATE

Find out more about Hanleigh’s Books on her website.


