



Into the Future
Heritage Time Travel Romance Series, Book #2
All Iowa Edition, PG-13
By Dana Roquet




Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 Dana Roquet
Updated 2018
All rights reserved

ISBN-13 978-0-988503557
ISBN-10 0988503557

Edited by: Todd Barselow

Cover art: Judy Bullard

Contact Information: www.danaroquets.com
dana@danaroquets.com

This is a work of fiction. The main characters and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination and are used fictitiously. Certain real individuals, businesses and locations have been fabricated, fictionalized or dramatized by the author for effect. Those characters that are based on living individuals are used with their written permission.

This is a PG-13 version of the original novel with minimal sexual content, some adult situations, language and violence.



Dedication


For my dad with love



Acknowledgement

Thanks to my friends and family who have supported me and given me feedback and encouragement every step of the way.



Prologue


Torie

It seemed as though I’d fallen right into the middle of something already in progress. I was stooped over and reaching to pull at a dirty, partially buried strap of leather; at the end of the worn cowhide was a large rusty harness buckle. I leaned back and put all of my weight behind it, determined to have it. I felt an intense need to succeed at this quest. I tugged and tugged but the strap was too deeply buried in the hardened dirt.
“Lindy, leave that and come on!”
I straightened up and wiped the dust from my hands onto the skirt of my beige cotton dress. I noticed then that my hands were grimy and pudgy, as if those of a young child. I stared at them, holding them out and turning them before me and used my thumb to wipe a smudge of dirt from my left wrist, thinking, this is feeling very familiar, just like a time warp.
I looked up and around to locate the sound of the girl’s irritated voice. She was dressed in a dark-blue cotton dress and dusty brown boots below dirty black stockings. Her face was dirt streaked and strands of her light-brown hair had escaped her lopsided pigtails. I decided that she was about nine or ten years old and by the stern expression and the stamping of her foot, she was getting exasperated with me. She held a burlap bag in her hands and lifted it up before her, opening the top and peering inside.
“We need to find these kittens someplace safe before dark,” she crooned with softness to her tone as she continued to look down into the sack.
“Coyle! Lucinda!” I heard a woman calling sharply but softly as if from a great distance.
The girl bristled. “Lucinda, come on!” she wailed, marching forward and grabbing me by the sleeve of my dress. She pulled me across a farmyard and toward the remains of an old one story house which was completely dilapidated. The window glass was all broken out and the front screen door was hanging off of its hinges. Parts of the roof were caved in and I could see that some of it had splintered and fallen into the foyer just inside the open front door.
“We probably shouldn’t put them in there. It could be dangerous,” the girl decided as she turned to survey the area.
I looked beyond the house and in the distance I could see that there was also an old barn. The vertical slats of the walls were jutted out all around as if the building had exploded from the inside out. The shadows that were caused by the waning sun elongated the remains, and the sharp snags of rotted wood planks looked like gnarled fingers, reaching up toward the sky. The remnants of a stack of hay held up a portion of the fallen roof.
I turned about and saw that we had come from the direction of a driveway which was overgrown with vegetation. Several strands of rusty barbed wire fencing were blocking access to the property.
“Couldn’t there be wild pigs?” I asked absently while trying to ignore the fact that my voice sounded like a young child. I turned back and looked up into the girl’s large caramel-brown eyes while trying to sort this out. It seemed as if I had been at this place before. I could almost swear that this was partly my own childhood memory. At least I can remember someone telling me that we had to leave a broken down farm because there could be wild pigs. I remember that the old farm had a barn that looked very similar to the one out in the distance. Was I dreaming—was I warping? I questioned myself silently. I was feeling totally lost and confused.
“Wild pigs?” the girl spat with obvious disbelief in such a possibility, shaking her head and rolling her eyes at me. “Lucinda, you are such a ninny.” She snatched my arm again and we headed along the side of the house, in the direction of the barn.
“If we don’t git, we will both be gettin’ a whippin’ when Ma catches us and these poor, sweet little kittens will end up at the bottom of the pond. Now come on!” she ordered as she tugged at my arm and looked back the way that we had come, checking to be sure that no one was coming.
Nature had completely reclaimed the farm and it was like a jungle. There were saplings, dense clumps of weeds and bushes clogging the entire farmyard behind the house. I had trouble trudging through and, being small, the weeds were slapping at my face as the other girl trail-blazed before me. I closed my eyes, squinting them to protect them and I attempted to stop and pull my arm from the girl’s grasp but she didn’t let me go; instead she yanked me along the rough terrain even more aggressively.
The sun was sinking toward the horizon fast now and shadows were spreading out, making the way dark and I had a strange sense of foreboding. I could hear the hum of the summer night insects, the croaking of frogs and cicadas that were buzzing their song from some untamed woods beyond the barn.
“Coyle!” I snapped. “Let go of my arm! I can walk on my own.”
She glared back at me, ignored my demand and then continued; leaning forward against my resistance and pulling me through the head high weeds, until I heard a hollow thud as her booted foot caught on something. She stumbled and started to fall, clutching at me and pulling me down with her. I put my hands out to try and break my fall, felt the sting of the splintered wood digging into the heels of my hands and then we both broke through a rotted wooden platform and I could smell damp earth and feel the chill air as we were tumbling down and down and down through pitch-blackness…

***

Dave

I awoke and turned to the whimpering sound at my side. The moonlight filtering into the room caressed the silhouette of ivory nakedness draped in dark earth-tone sheets. Scooping Torie into my arms to still her movements I gently nuzzled her, feeling the chill of her skin and I pulled the warm comforter back over her body.
“Hey, hey, Torie. Wake up, honey. You’re having a bad dream,” I crooned softly and inhaled the fragrance of her perfumed skin which is a mixture of spices, flowers and sultry woody undertones that, for me, will forever remind me of my beautiful wife. I kissed her neck lightly.
“It’s okay,” I soothed as she continued to moan and thrash.
Holding her soft curvy form in my arms, I could feel and hear her quick intake of breath as she jerked awake. Shit! I didn’t mean to startle her.
“Whoa, sorry, honey,” I apologized as she wrapped one arm around my neck and clutched at me. I braced on one elbow beside her, leaning over her to smooth her bangs from her forehead. The light from the bright moon streaming into the bedroom through the light sheers that we had left partially opened, allowed me to see her face clearly.
Torie released her hold on my neck as I saw the dawn of recognition in her eyes, and she slowly relaxed as her features smoothed to calm. Her relief at seeing me whispered through her lips as she said my name softly and ran her hand along the stubble of my jaw before she cradled my face.
“You okay?” I asked and covered her hand with mine and turned my head to press a kiss into her palm.
“Yeah,” she began but then took a deep breath.
“Oh my God, Dave! I warped!” she whispered fearfully, rising quickly to a sitting position. “Oh shit! I warped!”
“No, honey,” I assured her as I skimmed my hand over her bare shoulder and kissed the creamy smoothness lightly. “You were just having a bad dream. You were talking in your sleep and moving.”
“No, I was a little girl. It was a time warp—I—I… ”
“Torie,” I interrupted. “I know time warps and you wouldn’t have come awake just from me touching you and saying your name. Plus, you would’ve been as still as death, but you were moving and mumbling. It was a dream and probably just a reaction to all of the excitement about the weekend or the stress of planning it all.”
I could tell that her mind was racing as she turned to look at the clock on the nightstand.
“Two a.m., we leave for Vegas in seven hours! I’m so sorry I woke you, Dave but God, it was so real. I was even thinking during it, thinking about how it felt exactly like a time warp. I was falling…”
“I have those kinds of dreams all the time,” I assured her. “Falling off of a cliff or falling through the air. Those are dreams that everyone has—totally normal.”
I drew her back down beside me. “Come on, sleep,” I urged.
I settled in beside her, taking her in my arms as she buried her face in my neck, giving my throat a kiss and wrapping me up in her embrace.
“Mmm,” I sighed in perfect contentment. “Holding you is heaven on earth.”
“Well, since we’re both awake now,” she whispered, as her teeth lightly nipped at my earlobe.
I chuckled as her soft warm mouth found mine in the semi-darkness, searching and insistent. My tongue slid through her open lips to be met by hers, the languid stroke of our kiss, warming and then igniting, as our passions awakened. It was the perfect combination of give and take—wet and unhurried and yet demanding as our mouths merged and explored. The molten heat quickly traveled through my body, stoked by Torie’s leg gliding up and down along the contours of mine as she ran her satiny soft hand over the expanse of my back and down across my butt. Then she urged my body over hers and into the cradle of her welcoming thighs—as we sought more intimate contact.



Into the Future



Chapter 1


Monday, December 31, 2012
Las Vegas, Nevada

Torie

“Torie, what is going on? Everyone is waiting for you and Dave to be seated before they open the buffet.”
I blew out a growl of irritation and then turned to face my oldest sister and with raised eyebrows, pointed to our sister Sarah’s back. “A little help, please.”
Sarah turned from the mirror, pointing to the bodice of her strapless sunflower-yellow sheath.
“What the hell! Sarah, what are you crying about?” Margo groaned, overlooking the obvious problem staring her in the face. “Don’t tell me you’re drunk already.”
Both Sarah and I broke into laughter directed at our normally reserved sibling. Just hearing her say hell and drunk in conversation was absolutely hilarious. Margo stood glaring at us both, clearly not enjoying being the butt of the joke, especially since she wasn’t getting the joke at all.
Sarah grabbed for another tissue from the edge of the marble vanity and dabbed at her eyes, then pointed to herself.
“Look at my boob, Margo. Help me get this mascara off of my dress or leave. Those are your only options.”
Margo made a face like she had just bit into a sour lemon and came forward to inspect the damage. “Well, stop the tears and I’ll go and get some club soda from the bar,” she decided and then with a swish of gold lamé and light-brown bouncy curls, she swung out of the bathroom lounge like a hundred and thirty-pound tornado.
“So what caused these water works?” I asked Sarah as the door closed behind Margo. “I know that you aren’t drunk and even if you are, crying has never been your forte. That’s usually Mindy’s signature drunken move.” I took a seat on a plush rose-brocade loveseat and patted a spot beside me. “Sit,” I ordered.
Sarah joined me, plopping down with a heavy sigh. “Dad,” she squeaked, fluttering her eyes and fanning her face with waving hands as she looked at the ceiling in an attempt to stop the moisture from falling. “When we were dancing just a few minutes ago.”
“Oh my God! Sarah, stop! You’re gonna get me going and I refuse to cry tonight. I’ve been planning this reception for two months. Don’t you dare try and drag me into a sob session,” I warned, pulling my brows down into what was obviously an unconvincing angry scowl because Sarah looked down from the ceiling and into my eyes and snorted a laugh. She can always see right through me.
“He said that he is proud of me and that he likes Jerry. He even told me that he is going to send a donation for the rescue and may plan a visit,” she sniffed and dabbed at the remains of her tears and sighed heavily. “You know, this is probably the third time that he has met Jerry over the years but I think that the last four days are the only time that Dad and he have really connected.”
“That’s so great, Sarah. I really feel that spending time with Dad off of his home turf might be the key to connecting with him. When he doesn’t have his work on his mind and lets his guard down, he lets his true self show a bit. When we honeymooned and flew to Naples and then took the sailboat to Marco Island to visit him and introduce him to Dave, it didn’t seem to me that Dad connected with Dave either. We had dinner and all and did some sightseeing but it was a very dad type visit. You know?”
Sarah nodded that she understood what I meant. “But it isn’t just that, Torie. It’s me. So many times this weekend if Dad has said something unexpectedly supportive of me or nice, then all at once I feel the tears rising and myself getting all misty-eyed.”
“So what this is actually about is your neglected inner child doing backflips, right?”
Sarah let out a deep breath as she nodded. She is the most tender-hearted person that I think I have ever known. It is probably what gives her the drive to help animals, but she is often overwhelmed to the point of despair by her deep feelings.
“Pretty twisted and pathetic, isn’t it? Am I going to always be looking for Dad’s approval?”
“If you’re pathetic, then so am I because I’ve been having the same glow all weekend. Even though I’m thirty-seven years old, I’m still looking for my daddy’s praise. I’m just glad that he realizes what a great guy Jerry is and Dave also. This has been a great weekend.”
“An incredible weekend!” Sarah said, reaching for my hand and squeezing it warmly. “Dave is perfection, Torie. The way that he is so centered and in command. He is the perfect balance of strength to your crazy, and it’s not a bad thing that he is a total hottie, too.”
She lifted my hand to inspect my wedding band and diamond engagement ring for the millionth time. “You suck, Torie. You really, really suck.” She dropped my hand and stuck her tongue out at me.
“He really is just so amazing, Sarah,” I agreed. “It’s been a real steep learning curve, this whole living with a man twenty-four seven business, but he just lets me work through it, freak out when I need to and he’s always there for me while I figure it out.”
I lifted my hand and watched as the light caught the glimmer of my ring. I had probably looked at it about a million times myself. It is a flawless, colorless, one-carat, cushion-cut sparkler surrounded by another two carats of bead-set diamonds, in a platinum setting.
Dave had given it to me on Christmas morning and I had admitted to him through my tears of happiness that a beautiful diamond had always been one of my silly girlhood fantasies. I had gone from catching my breath and squealing with delight when he had opened the small jewelry box, to trembling and teary as he had removed it and slipped it onto my finger. It had also resulted in a steamy session of lovemaking right there in the family room under the Christmas tree and amid the ribbons and bows, in the glow of a crackling fire as the Christmas day had dawned.
The bathroom door opened just then and Margo, along with our step-mother Sandy and Dave’s mom, Anna Cameron, breezed in. The cavalry had arrived.
“What we need to do is let this draw for just a minute,” Sandy advised, dipping the end of a white cloth napkin into the glass of club soda. “Sarah, come here.”
Sarah stood and moved under the lights of the vanity so that Sandy could get a good look at the smear of mascara that was marring the luscious yellow silk over her right breast, while Margo held the glass, looking on like a very serious medical assistant. Sandy slipped a finger inside the bodice as she dabbed and then held the napkin to the offending goop.
“We’ll let this sit and then use some clear water. I think the best that we can hope for is less obvious,” Sandy said and Dave’s mom Anna looked on and nodded her agreement to the decided treatment plan.
“That’s fine, Sandy,” Sarah said as she leaned against the vanity, and slipped off one of her high heels, bringing herself down a little lower and closer to Sandy’s reach. Sarah is petite at five-three and Sandy is tiny at just five-foot-one.
The door opened again and Mindy, wearing a slinky cranberry-red cocktail dress, and being followed closely by several of Dave’s little nieces, all spilled into the room. Mindy took a seat beside me and sipped at her glass of pink-Zinfandel as we listened to the buzz of my new extended family coming together for the current wardrobe malfunction.
“This has been one hell of a weekend, girl,” Mindy sighed, watching the progress, as Sandy called for clear water. “I think it may be a long time, if ever, that this one gets topped.”
I took her drink from her hand and had a sip. “I think everyone has had a great time, don’t you? It came out exactly how I envisioned.”
“Hell of a vision. You did good,” Mindy praised me before she took the glass from my hand, lifting it toward me in salute and then savoring another sip. “Mike has even been talking about making this a yearly vacation getaway for the two of us.”
“Maybe we could make it a yearly couples retreat for the four of us,” I suggested as we watched Sandy and her crew drag Sarah into the next room, mumbling something about the air hand dryer being needed next.
Dave and I had arrived early, five days ago to be precise, to prepare for the celebration and these last four days had really gone off without a hitch. I had gone over every detail again and again, finally letting go and letting the hotel staff do their thing and I hadn’t had a worry or a moment of stress from there on out.
Our first night here before the guests had begun to arrive, Dave and I had played it low key; if anything about the Bellagio can be considered low key—dinner at the Picasso restaurant and afterward, we had spent some time in the casino gambling. Although I know squat about casino games or cards, Dave had tried to show me the ropes. I say tried because he had failed miserably or I guess that maybe it had been me who had failed to absorb his instruction but, whatever. We had talked and laughed the night away and it had been the most flat out fun I’ve ever had with a man. His wit and dry humor had kept me entertained all night long, but that is true of everything about Dave Cameron; life is just so much more fun with him in my world.
The block of fifty rooms that we had purchased, had started filling up early on Friday morning and for the last four days, everyone had enjoyed a loose schedule of activities which they had been able to pick and choose from. An itinerary had been passed out to each guest as they’d checked in and if it hadn’t met with everyone’s approval, the concierge had been given instructions to purchase whatever activity or show might have been preferred. I haven’t had any complaints so I think that I can call my choices a success.
I had tried to accommodate everyone’s interests; golf, swimming, spa treatments, shows and a shuttle for visits to the old downtown strip for anyone who had wanted to spend some time there and most everyone had indulged at least once. My dad and step mom Sandy and Dave’s parents had taken advantage of the shuttle a couple of times. My dad has always loved the Golden Nugget and some of the other iconic casinos still in existence.
Every night, beginning Friday night, we have enjoyed a catered dinner in a private party room, in a different hot spot inside the hotel because each one has its own unique atmosphere. Friday had been the Lily Bar & Lounge at 8:00 p.m.; Saturday was Hyde; Sunday night had been the Bank. Everyone had touched base with each other at those meals, before all of them had headed out again to points unknown.
There was gaming on the strip, of course, but they’d also had a choice of several shows I had purchased tickets for. They were able to take in an evening show that might include acts such as Cirque du Soleil, a tribute show that featured the Rat Pack, a classic Las Vegas show with beautiful topless showgirls, magician David Copperfield or a comedy show of their choice.
Tonight, New Years’ Eve, our glamorous formal party is again proving to be a hit. We are holding the festivities in the huge Tower Ballroom and it is being catered by the hotel. It will be the grand finale before everyone heads home in the morning. It features an open bar and sumptuous buffet-style dining which will be available throughout the evening. Blackjack and Texas Hold ‘Em, roulette, craps and other games are available within the ballroom and a large dance floor is the centerpiece.
At midnight, everyone will be able to go out to the concourse to watch the Las Vegas fireworks display from out near the fountains but it will also be telecast on huge widescreen TV’s inside the ballroom.
“All right, that doesn’t look too bad,” Sarah conceded as she came back into the lounge followed closely by her entourage. She came to stand before me, looking to me for my approval.
“Hardly noticeable,” I agreed. “At least we had the family portraits taken earlier and you looked flawless. As far as I’m concerned, that’s what is most important.”
I had hired a professional photographer and had had portraits made earlier this evening of each of our family groups and then a combined total of the Mills and Cameron clans in all of our New Year’s Eve finery. All the smallest children had been seated on the bottom step with the older teens just behind them and then all of our families arranged by generation, standing around and behind Dave and I who were centered on a sweeping staircase of the Bellagio lobby, with the oldest generations at the top. I’d had everyone line up every other step, so that every person would be visible. It had looked like an even larger group than it was.
He also had done a wonderful photo of Dave and I together which I am planning to have made into a large wall portrait to display somewhere in our house in Fremont. It is sort of a belated engagement photo and in, what I consider to be, a classic pose, facing one another, looking into the camera and my hand resting lightly upon Dave’s tuxedo clad chest. It had turned out beautifully.
“Okay, let’s go, go, go!” Margo ordered as she clapped her hands together and started shooing everyone out with a wave of her hand. As she held the door open, she turned to look back at me. “Torie, give us a few minutes to get seated before you and Dave make your entrance. Don’t forget—the doors furthest down the hall near the stage.”
Margo had already given me this instruction about ten times today. “Margo, I think I can figure it out. Please stop stressing and try to enjoy the night. This is going to be fine,” I assured her.
When she put a hand on her hip and scowled, looking so much like our mother Grace, I relented and nodded my agreement and understanding of her mandate.
The troops filed out but not before I’d received, from each of my new Cameron nieces, a warm hug and an air kiss and also a hug from Dave’s mom, Anna.
Once they were gone, I took a couple of minutes of this alone time to regroup and I looked into the mirror as I checked my makeup and smoothed my auburn hair which I had piled atop my head in a loose messy knot held by a jeweled clip. The style reminded me a bit of my grandaunt Lucy’s hairstyle except that I have bangs, plus I had given it a more casual modern flair by leaving a few loose tendrils falling around my face and over my shoulder. Next, I adjusted the plunging neckline of my teal-sequined mini dress to be sure that my bra wasn’t showing, smoothed the material over my hips and with a last look at my reflection, headed out to find my husband.



Chapter 2


Dave

As I waited for Torie to join me for our entrance into the reception, I leaned against the window frame and took a sip of my beer, looking down a few floors below to the bustle of the evening traffic of taxis and tourists along the Las Vegas strip. It was a constant stream of movement and color until the scene was dwarfed by the beginning of another choreographed show from the fountains, which demanded everyone’s attention. All along the sidewalk before the reflecting pool, the crowds stopped to take in the spectacle. Even without the music to enhance the experience, just watching from above as the geysers blasted into the air with complicated precision was an amazing sight to see.
I turned at the sound of commotion coming from down the hallway and saw pouring out of the women’s lounge, a steady stream of my family. Two teenaged daughters of my oldest brother Mike stopped to glance out of the window beside me and squealed with excitement at the fountain show, before joining two of my brother Adam’s little girls, in giving me a group hug. I lifted my beer up out of the way before it became a casualty of their enthusiasm.
“Uncle Dave, you’re the best uncle ever!” eight-year-old Tanner informed me. I think that I earned this title for yesterday when I had spent a good part of the afternoon being a human catapult for all of the kids in the pool. Talk about a workout. My brother Mike and I had had kids flying everywhere!
“Love you, Uncle Dave,” Amy, a bubbly fifteen-year-old gushed and grabbed her younger cousin Tiffany’s hand as they all rushed off to share the fountain news with anyone in the ballroom who might be interested.
“Amy! Tanner! Tiffany! There will be plenty of time for that later. It’s time for dinner,” my mom, looking totally frazzled, called after them and then looking at me, gave a helpless shake of her head.
“Torie will be right out,” she assured me. “You look very handsome, honey.”
She reached up to give me a quick kiss and a squeeze of my forearm before ordering, “Ella, Sophia—let’s go, girls,” as she and Torie’s stepmother Sandy shooed the rest of my nieces in the direction of the ballroom.
“Hey, handsome,” Mindy said with a flirty wink as she and Torie’s sisters passed by. “She’ll be right out.”
“Remember, the two of you need to come in the farthest doors, closest to the stage,” a stressed out Margo ordered and gestured, pointing down the hall as she breezed on by.
Sarah rolled her eyes and then mouthed silently, “Sorry.” to me as she hooked arms with Margo.
“I think they’ve got it, sis,” she said with a shake of her head. “Margo, you are going to have a heart attack if you don’t chill.”
I held my drink out toward Sarah, indicating my half-full glass. “Would you, please?”
She took it from my hand as Margo gestured again. “The furthest doors, Dave, don’t forget,” she repeated as Sarah hustled her toward the open ballroom door.
“Got it, Margo,” I nodded, giving her a thumb’s up. “We’ll be right in.”
The hallway became quiet again as the ballroom doors were closed, muffling the music which had been piped in for pre-dinner dancing and then the women’s lounge door opened once more.
I gazed down the corridor to see an auburn-haired vision in long-sleeved sparkling silk, with a neckline that plunged down to show just enough of the swell of her perfect breasts and a thigh-high hem, short enough to showcase silky smooth legs, as she strutted languidly in my direction.
I stood in absolute awe of her. I will never tire of watching her heading in my direction with a grace and fluidity that screams woman approaching. Without even trying—she buckles my knees. It has been almost two months of marriage, and the surge of heat and the rush of my pulse quickening at the mere sight of her only becomes stronger with each passing day.
My eyes couldn’t help but slide down to admire her toned thighs and perfect calves. I have never seen a woman before or since my gorgeous wife who can move in high-heels quite like Torie Mills Cameron can. She isn’t tall at five-five, but in a pair of stilettos she moves like a runway model and is able to own a room, or in this case, a softly lit corridor. At least this guy can’t do anything but stop and stare. She moves like a dream, light on her feet, confident and sexy, with just the right amount of swing to her curvy hips to stop traffic.
While my eyes feast upon her beauty, my mind can’t help but recall that just a few short hours ago, those satiny legs had been wrapped around my waist as I’d had her up against the glass and chrome shower wall and under a cascade of steaming water, enjoying some of the hottest sex of our married life. It had been a shower that I won’t be forgetting about any time soon.
As was the case with the shower and is with many of the experiences between Torie and I, I’ve had to tell her to stop thinking so much, stop holding back and just ask me for what she wants or needs from me in order to fulfill her. If she wants me to take it slow and see how many times and how many different ways I can make her splinter into pieces in my arms—done! I will rock her world all night long and am happy to do it. 
The breaking down of her walls is a battle that I am winning daily. She is an excellent student, and it isn’t like she is a twenty-year-old virgin, having her first taste of sex with all of the self-conscious, awkward angst that comes along with not yet being comfortable inside your own skin. It is the give and take of mature lovers who know their needs which she lacks. She has no prior experience with a man actually being her lover and taking care of her needs.
The men in Torie’s past, probably through no fault of their own, had barely gotten a foot in the door before she had thrown up her walls, pulled the plug on those relationships and had bailed out. And Derek, the only true relationship that she had known before me—well, Derek had just been a totally self-absorbed douche and had only really cared about doing what he was required to, in order to get on to his own gratification.
Torie is the first to admit that she has relationship issues. She had admitted that to me months ago and we have worked through some pretty rough times in the last couple of months when she hadn’t felt at ease sharing a home with me. She had liked having her own place where she was able to retreat to, when feeling uncomfortable or overwhelmed. But once we had deeded the Wyman house to the genealogical society, she’d needed to deal with those issues and I am happy to report that she has. She is finally beginning to feel like I am her family and not just an irritating house guest who has overstayed his welcome and who she can’t get rid of, no matter how hard she tries.
And she has tried a couple of times; believe me, just before and shortly after we were married on her birthday in November. She had tried to start fights with me over stupid little differences of opinion or insignificant annoying habits of mine, trying to get me pissed off enough at her to leave her or let her go. She just hadn’t known who she was dealing with! There was no way I was going to have any of it. I’d just waited it out and had given her all the space that she had needed and when she had finally got it—had finally realized that I was still going to love her even after showing me every bit of the insecure or damaged parts of herself, then she had finally let me in completely. She is mine now, body and soul.
And as for the sex, it is getting hotter every day and I actually owe those poor unfortunate guys she wouldn’t let get close, a debt of gratitude. Because it has meant that I am the one who gets to be her teacher, be her hero and be the one to unlock all of the beauty, passion and heat that is Torie Mills Cameron. I’m the one who has been able to watch her blossom into the amazing woman that she was meant to be.
“Hey, Mr. Cameron, what are you thinking about?” she asked as she approached and looked up into my eyes with a warm smile on her lips. She tilted her head to adjust her sapphire gemstone drop earring and then I watched her eyes skim over me, appraising my attire.
“I was just thinking how beautiful you look and how my mind turns to mush when I see you in high-heels,” I admitted with a chuckle.
She gave me a slow look up and down. “That’s what I was thinking, considering you in that fine lookin’ tux. Mind—mush,” she said and touched her temple lightly. “You’ll be lucky if you make it through the evening without being ravaged.” The warning was issued with a sultry half-smile and she lifted her hand to adjust my tie while stretching up to place a light kiss upon my mouth.
“That is exactly what I was thinking about you,” I said and leaned down to collect the kiss before I offered her my arm. “All right, it’s show time! Come with me, Missus Cameron. The grand-finale awaits!”



Chapter 3


Torie

“To Dave and Torie, may your marriage be blessed with years of happiness and may you always find comfort in each other’s arms. Take good care of my little girl, Dave—welcome to the family and at some point tonight I demand a rematch to recoup some of my losses.”
The room erupted in chuckles and applause as my silver-haired, classically handsome dad—tall, imposing and larger than life—raised his glass in salute. My sexy, smoldering hot and, pretty imposing himself hubby, who’d had a hellish lucky streak going at the blackjack tables earlier tonight, raised his glass and nodded his agreement to the rematch.
My dad handed the microphone off to Margo, who had deemed herself the mistress of ceremonies and was in charge of passing it amongst the tables of guests, for the toast portion of the festivities. She had taken all of her sisterly duties very seriously over the course of the last four days. She now thanked Dad over the microphone by his full name, very formally and then was off again, across the room, to select the next well-wisher.
Then, very un-Robert Mills like, my normally reserved and in control dad, strode across the empty dance floor to our head table which was situated up on the large stage at the front of the room. He agilely bounded up the half dozen steps with arms outstretched toward us. Both Dave and I rose to accept the hugs that were incoming, whether we were ready or not.
“Dave, son, I think you are a hell of a guy! I am just so happy that my last little girl has found happiness,” he said, engulfing Dave in a hug and patting him on the back warmly.
“Thank you, Robert. I’ll do my best to take good care of this lady,” he assured him and winked at me over my dad’s shoulder while returning a similar pat of affection. “Let me know when you want to have that rematch. I have your money burning a hole in my pocket,” Dave razzed him and my dad laughed, adding a few more warm pats to Dave’s back.
Even being mauled by a seventy-two-year-old, inebriated and near total stranger didn’t faze Dave. He just has that unique ability to let others into his space and remain un-flapped. I think it must have been his upbringing.
Don’t get me wrong, I hug—plenty! When greeting or saying good-bye to someone at the airport or before someone heads out on Christmas day not to be seen again until the next Christmas—big hug occasions—normal hug occasions. Dave’s family is a family of h-u-g-g-e-r-s! Just heading out to sightsee or heading off to bed, leaving the breakfast buffet or the bathroom earlier, it is hug and kiss overload! In the last four days, I have experienced more up close and personal hugs and kisses from his parents, siblings, their wives and a slew of Cameron nieces and nephews than ever in my lifetime.
Now it seems that they are rubbing off on my dad. Lovely, I thought, my dad—new and improved, and of the warm and fuzzy variety might be a little much to deal with. I haven’t had a lot of experience with him in that way. I have to admit, though, that my inner child is beaming this weekend, soaking in the love that he really does have for me and my sisters.
I came from my thoughts as Dave and Dad were finishing up their hug-fest.
“Don’t you worry, Dave, I will be taking my money off of your hands in short order,” Dad declared with confidence and then he looked to me and his face became serious.
Here he comes, I thought, bear hug at twelve o’clock.
“Torie, sweetheart, I hope that you know that I am very proud of you,” he said quietly as he outstretched his arms toward me. Dressed in a striking Giorgio Armani tux and wafting a cloud of Giorgio Armani cologne and a slight hint of Dewar’s scotch whiskey, he engulfed me, rocking side to side as I patted his back. “I wish that I would have been responsible for the woman you have grown into, honey, but your mom gets all the credit.” His voice cracked and when he pulled back I could see that his eyes were a little misty.
“Thank you, Dad. I love you too and don’t sell yourself short; I think that you had a part in us girls finding our way. I do wish that Mom could be here tonight though; I think that she would have loved this time with the whole family. She dedicated her entire life to us kids,” I said truthfully, hugging him again and placing a kiss on his cheek as he nodded, with an obvious lump in his throat. Without another word, he left us, and Dave and I took our seats again.
Dad is getting more emotional with age; even before his exposure to the Cameron clan and their unbounded affection for all things human. Recently my calls with my dad have revolved more around our past life and the few years that he had shared our home with my mom. He has a lot of regret about leaving the family.
Jeff Allman tapping the microphone and then blowing air across it brought all of our attention around to him. A loud metallic feedback was Jeff’s reward for his theatrics and everyone in the room seemed to reach to cover their ears at once.
“Oops,” Jeff began, as the reverb faded and the crowd recovered from having their eardrums scrambled. “Dave, I have known you since we were in kindergarten together and you double-dog-dared me to eat a chunk of dirt out on the playground and, of course; I manned up and rose to the challenge.” He flexed his tuxedo encased guns and the room erupted in chuckles.
“From that day forward, Dave and I knew that we would be there for each other. We were constant companions throughout school and to this day. He is the best friend a guy could ask for and I mean that, buddy,” he saluted Dave briefly before continuing. “Now he has found Torie, and I have the feeling that maybe I have been demoted to best friend second class which is as it should be. You are great together and Torie, you are beautiful, warm and exactly the woman that Dave has been searching for his entire life. Plus, you make a pretty damn good crockpot full of chicken and noodles, always have a chilled Miller Light for me on hand and never seem to mind when I pop in at dinnertime,” he grinned at me and I blew him a kiss. Then Jeff raised his glass a little higher. “Congratulations and I look forward to many years of mooching off of you guys. I love you both.”
The crowd broke into applause and Jeff, who is such a ham and loves to be the center of attention; gave a turn-about and waved at the room in general with the microphone, before he relented and surrendered it to Margo.
Then it started somewhere in the back of the room, but soon there was the clinking of silverware against champagne and water glasses and Dave leaned toward me.
“You hear em’, Torie. We must obey,” he said as though it were his sacred duty which he took very seriously. With a slight crook of a dark brow and a lazy smile, he honed in on my smiling lips as the ping of tinkling glasses continued.
To say that he gave me a kiss is such an understatement and it doesn’t do justice to Dave’s skills. This was no mere kiss. He came in slow, his crystal-blue eyes, which are especially bright blue tonight so that I can really see the beautiful feathers of white that radiate out from the centers, were tracing a molten path from my eyes to my mouth and back to my eyes before he lightly brushed his lips against mine. His arm came around behind me and his fingers splayed across my back, as if to keep me from retreating. Let me tell ya, I had no intention of doing any such thing.
Then as our eyes closed, he locked his warm and searching mouth on mine, slanting into it as his tongue briefly crossed the threshold. It was rolling, hot and languid and I could have spent the rest of the night right there in that moment, letting his moist, soft tongue tease mine, barely breaking the threshold of my more than willing mouth and urging my tongue to come to him. In the process, also stealing my breath away and my will to do anything other than rip his tuxedo off of him right here and now.
After I had obeyed his undulating command and had met him more than halfway, he slowly retreated and released me as wolf whistles and exaggerated uncomfortable coughs from the crowd broke the spell.
Dave leaned back in his chair, satisfied with his scorched earth strategy which had left me smoldering and in ruins. He reached for his champagne flute, quirked his mouth to the side and raised a dark eyebrow, before giving me a wink and a dimpled grin. I drew a trembling breath, blew it out and swallowed hard as I raised my drink, touching his in a toast.
“More to come—later,” he promised.
Oh—I am sure as hell hoping so.



Chapter 4


Torie

As the door softly closed and I flipped on the light switch, Dave pulled me into his arms and his kiss was passionate and knee-buckling as his tongue insistently requested admittance. My lips parted and our breathing merged, which for me has always been one of the hottest and most favorite experiences of kissing a man, especially this man; that mingling and sharing of the very air you breathe, just before tongues penetrate each other’s mouths and then it is all wet and greedy and perfect.
The last couple of hours had been an idyllic end to our reception weekend. The New Year’s count down and balloon drop had been perfection as the Iowa band Toaster (my surprise birthday gift for Dave) had played “Auld Lang Syne” and our guests had sung along, sharing kisses and wishes for the coming year while the big screens had telecast the Las Vegas skyline ablaze with fireworks. Sharing the experience with my new husband, as shimmering confetti had rained down upon us—well; it just doesn’t get any better than that.
Except maybe a bit later while we had taken yet another turn at the black jack tables at the insistence of my father. This time at the tables though, Dave and I had both been feeling the effects of the champagne, as we had sat side by side, whispering silly secrets that meant nothing to anyone but us. And others, so loaded with sexual innuendo that we both would have probably had our mouths washed out with soap if our parents would have overheard us.
My card playing abilities had not improved over the course of the night. I’d had to face it and so had Dave—I suck at cards. Dave had continued to win nearly every hand; not only all of my chips but more of my dad’s, his brothers’, his dad’s and every chip from a very disgusted Jeff Allman, who had grumbled about getting even.
I had snuggled up close to Dave and had draped an arm over his shoulders after I had run out of funds and had whispered close to his ear that I hadn’t realized that I had married a cardsharp, while discreetly running a hand from his knee, up his inner thigh and higher. It had caused him to catch his breath and swallow hard as he had looked down into my eyes. He hadn’t known it, but I had known exactly what I was doing. I had been acting out part of a scene from one of my romance novels, Passion’s Fury.
It had dawned on me, during the last of our evening, how reminiscent the experience was to the seductive mating dance between dashing Beau Gardner and his lady love Melody Turner as they had sat side by side at an 1880 New Orleans gaming table just before their hot, sexy love scene in the book. It is my very favorite love scene—page 132 to be exact.
“Torie, you’re heading for trouble,” Dave had promised softly in my ear as he had attempted to regain control of his libido. I had blinked up at him with wide-eyed innocence.
“You okay, honey?” I had inquired with wifely concern. “You look a little distracted.”
He had pressed his lips together and rolled his eyes heavenward before he had whispered, “Just wait until I can get up from this chair and get you alone in our room,” he had chuckled and then had added dryly. “It’ll be a while.”
Now as our suite door closed behind us, and between kisses, I slipped my arms up along Dave’s lapel and worked his tie loose as he guided me backwards through the suite and into our plush bedroom. The side lamps had been lit and the housekeeping service had left a piece of chocolate on the pillows of our invitingly turned down bed. As I slowly drew his tie from around his neck and reached up to begin unbuttoning his dress shirt, Dave abruptly captured both of my hands between his and stopped me.
“You think that I am just another of your customers, Melody? I am your husband, remember?” he whispered, while doing his best imitation of a southern drawl.
I pulled back and my mouth fell open before I could catch myself. I stared into Dave’s amused eyes as he lifted a dark brow briefly in his devastatingly sexy way.
“Oh, my God!” I laughed. “Someone has been doing some reading!”
“I am your husband and before this night is over Melody Gardner, you will be begging me to make love to you and you will finally be mine, in every way,” he continued huskily.
“You may have purchased my debt with this marriage, Beau but the girl that you once knew is no more. She died a long time ago. You can force me but you will never have the love from me you desire or deserve. I’m not capable anymore,” I replied in my own best rendition of a sultry southern accent. I must admit that Dave did a better job with the drawl than I did. I did, however, know every word of the dialogue for this scene like the back of my hand.
“You’re still that girl, Melody. I won’t believe otherwise. I don’t need to force you, but I will convince you. You’ll remember what we shared when we were young—the innocent kisses—the love that we declared. You’ll love me again but until then, I will have your body and claim it as my own—finally, as is my right…” Dave paused, cursed and rolled his eyes because he had forgotten the line.
“From this night forward and for the rest,” I offered him.
Dave nodded. “Right, okay, I got this. From this night forward and for the rest of your life, you will be mine. I can be content to wait for you to remember what it is to love, Melody. I will teach you because I haven’t forgotten. You will love me and belong to me and me alone.”
“Go ahead, Beau. Take me! You’re not the first man to have his way with me,” I said as I pushed free of his hands and moved across the room as I continued. “I am a professional at this, remember?”
I turned to face him as my hand slipped behind my back and I slowly unzipped my dress, letting it fall to the floor and stepping out of it. Just like Melody had, playing it tough and all business as she had stood before Beau in her sexy low cut gauzy chemise.
However, I stood before Dave in just my stiletto heels, sheer beige strapless bra and matching G-string. Reaching down, I suggestively ran my fingertips up my outer thighs and along my hips, and then very un-Melody like, I slowly rotated in a circle, rolling my hips in an undulating belly dance. Although I hadn’t over-indulged, I was a little inebriated and uninhibited. I turned to give him a good view of my backside as I ran my hand up the side of my butt and attempted to pose in what I would say is my most confident rendition of a sexy Victoria’s Secret model stance.
Dave broke character and murmured, “Nice!” as his eyes slowly ran the length of my body and he sighed in his regular voice. “We really need that gauzy white nighty of yours to make this work. I doubt that any woman in the eighteen hundreds moved like that or looked the way that you do right now.”
“That’s not your line,” I scolded, shaking an index finger at him with a laugh. I pulled the jeweled clip from my hair, shaking my head to let my long layers fall loose and then flipped my hair over and down my back, as I leaned over and braced my hands on my thighs, hitching one hip toward him suggestively.
“Melody, I love you. You don’t need to play these games with me,” he said softly in his southern drawl, sauntering slowly across the room as he slipped off his tuxedo jacket and tossed it to a nearby easy chair. He worked out of his cufflinks, placing them on a side table as he passed and then began unbuttoning his shirt and drew it out of his waistband, slipping it off of his shoulders and it fluttered to join the jacket.
I admired his perfectly cut and toned body. “Hmmm, I don’t know that the Beau of my imagination could match that chest or those rippling muscles,” I sighed, my eyes skimming over every inch of him. “I’m finding it hard to keep my distance and wait for you to get over here.”
Dave laughed at my flattery as he kicked off his shoes and slipped out of his clothes until he approached in just his sexy boxer briefs.
“Beau, you will be begging me before you break me,” I grit between clenched teeth as Dave moved quickly to take me by my shoulders, pulling me up against his body firmly. His mouth swooped down and plundered mine possessively.
“I’ve been begging you for years, Melody but I don’t want to break you. I want only to love you. That is all I have ever wanted,” he whispered as he slipped his hands around my naked backside and pulled me against the bulge which strained against his black cotton briefs.
“You feel that, Melody? I want you but not until you ask me. Before the dawn—you will ask me.”
I won’t deny that it was an amazing turn-on to have him acting out my novel with me. I ran my lips over his neck and left a trail of kisses down his chest, until he spoke, bringing me back to our play-acting.
“You feel what you do to me? I’m aching for you, Melody.”
“Oh man, Cameron, you missed your calling,” I whispered.
“I can’t believe you write this naughty stuff, Torie. What’s my next line?” he asked softly, caressing my shoulder with his lips and lightly using his tongue to cause shivers of electricity to travel through my body.
“Am I making you…” I offered.
“Got it! Am I making you wet for me, Melody?” he repeated softly and his parted, moist lips caressed mine. His hand slid down my stomach and lower. My knees felt weak and I steadied myself by clutching his shoulders and holding him tight as he wrapped his arm more firmly around my waist to support me.
He smiled down into my eyes with satisfaction. He didn’t need me to respond because my body had answered his question and he knew that I was more than ready to surrender the prize, but I wanted to see how far we could take this little performance before we both caved.

***

Torie pulled her mouth from mine and pushed free of my wandering hands. As she left me behind, I watched her swing her hips like a sexy siren moving slowly across the room. She paused to remove the chocolates from our bed pillows, giving me a great view of curvy hips, creamy smooth ass, sexy long legs and stiletto heels as she leaned over to do so. Oh yeah, great view!
She strutted to the opposite side of the bed and curled an index finger at me while giving me a seductive come hither look. She waited until I had made my way toward the bed and was sure that she had my complete and undivided attention before she reached behind her back to unhook her bra. She held it out to her side at arm’s length before she let it drop to the floor and I nearly swallowed my tongue.
I added this image to a rapidly expanding portfolio of ‘Torie moments’ that I have at my easy disposal, all locked safely away in my mind. Torie, loading the dishwater in nothing but one of my, overly large for her, tee shirts; Torie doing a workout video in front of the TV in a sports bra and tiny little shorts; Torie sharing my workout room and using free weights while I do my five miles on the elliptical and enjoy the view. Her taking a bubble bath by candle light once when I got home late after a long day at work and joining her there; her at my side as we rode our horses in the fresh, newly fallen snow along the gravel roads around our home in Fremont. Each and every image of her, for different reasons—all sexy as hell.
Torie became self-conscious now and she smiled shyly as she covered her breasts with her hands and turned away with her beautiful, sexy laugh spilling over. Her cheeks were flushed and turning a rosy pink as she was realizing that writing about seductive sex acts and actually playing them out are two very different things! I was determined to bolster her courage.
“Come on, you can do it. What’s next in the book?” I urged softly. I was just dying for the next part from the book to begin and was completely enthralled by the idea that she was going to actually act out the hot and dirty tease. I saw the straightening of her slim form as she shored up her courage and with a deep breath, she slipped back into her character and proceeded to show me just how good an actor she can be.

***

It was sometime later, both of us breathless when I captured her mouth for a deep kiss as her silky legs tightened around my hips. I withdrew from her kiss, looking down into her eyes, lost in the shining ocean of the blue-gray depths.
Torie, I don’t know how you can write this stuff without coming unglued!”
She tilted her pelvis against mine invitingly and dug her nails lightly into my back.
“I know—what a job, huh?” she whispered.
I chuckled and then engulfed her in another kiss as we left the role play behind.



Chapter 5


Torie

I relieved Nancy of my Starbucks coffee as she leaned down to offer it to me. “You did say decaf, correct?”
“Yes, thank you, Nancy,” I said, gratefully accepting the steaming cup and taking a sip. I looked about the crowded Chicago airport, noticing that the activity was increasing and the chairs were filling up as we waited at our gate. We will be home by 3:00 p.m. today and I am so ready!
I have been in Chicago since January 6th and today was more than two full weeks on the road, closer to three. The launch of my novel, Claire White of Cedar County, Iowa had been a huge success and I believe that Claire Neumann would have been so excited about the glowing appreciation she had received for her poem which was in a place of prominence at the beginning of the novel just as I had promised her. The book was also lovingly dedicated to Claire and I like to imagine that she is somewhere looking down from the heavens and pleased.
Claire’s parents and the Illinois Make-A-Wish Foundation head Charles Harter had been at the press conference last week and had accepted two over-sized ceremonial checks. One was for ten-thousand-dollars from Claire’s parents, fulfilling Claire’s wish for the proceeds from my purchase of her poem be given to Make-A-Wish. The other check of the same amount was from the Neumann Mills 2012 Charity Trust.
The story about the donations, which had been aired on the evening news for several nights in the Chicagoland area, had also been an amazing look at Claire’s life. The piece had provided a look at the legacy of giving which will stretch far beyond Claire’s too few years on earth. Our trust will be funding many programs and projects to help others for years to come.
The feature also chronicled the highlights of Claire’s life, her long battle against cancer and ended poignantly with the reporter visiting her final resting place in a lovely cemetery near her home in a suburb of Chicago. Her parents had crafted a beautiful monument of a lovely winged angel, holding a heart which contained Claire’s name, date of birth and death and on the backside of the monument, was her poem, beautifully engraved. The news story had been such a lovely tribute to Claire and I am sure that there hadn’t been a dry eye in the entire state of Illinois.
I had also enjoyed a wonderful dinner with Claire’s family at their home one night. Her mother Marilyn and ten-year-old sister Emma had given me a look at Claire’s bedroom, which has been left as it had been on the day that she had died. We had sat on her bed and Emma had told me stories about Claire and we had all laughed, and cried. It had been a special time as we had remembered her.
Marilyn had also brought out a box and given it to me. It had been full of copies of Claire’s short stories and poems which she had completed over the span of the three years that she had been sick. Claire had been holding out on me because she’d been much more of an accomplished writer and storyteller than she had ever let on.
Some were novellas about a boy and girl enjoying their first kiss and puppy love. There were many wonderful scene studies, involving arguments between lovers, and others that were glamorous formal old-world parties. Claire had been able to set a scene beautifully and each one was very descriptive. Most were about experiences that had been foreign to Claire but I could tell that she would have certainly had many stories to give to the world.
Some others were stories about her own experiences, one describing a special Christmas morning when she had received her first bicycle. It was so well written and Marilyn and I had laughed out loud a couple of times as we had sat together on Claire’s bed and I had read it aloud. Emma, who had been a baby at the time of the Christmas, had no memory of the actual occurrence but she had rolled on the floor with laughter when I had read the part about Claire attempting to give the bike a test ride in the living room downstairs which had ended up with her plowing into the Christmas tree, taking it down completely in the process.
I have all of the stories, scenes and poems with me in my carryon bag and I am going to do a slight bit of tweaking and then send them off to my publisher for editing in order to get them ready for publication and release. The collection will be published in a few months, with Claire as the author.
The entire family had gathered around the dining room table with me and we had hammered out a perfect title for the collection and everyone had gotten teary-eyed as we had worked on some text for the inside front flap of the book and the dedication and acknowledgement. They had all tried to capture the essence of what Claire would have wanted to say and I feel that they had gotten it—just right. I will be writing a special foreword, introducing the world to Claire and telling a bit of her life’s story. The proceeds, her family had decided, will all go to our charity trust. I know that it will be a huge success and I can’t wait to get home and get started on compiling it.
“I don’t suppose that you would be interested in a short trip to London?” Nancy asked, as she took her seat beside me and dropped her purse atop her carry-on bag. She dared a slight peek at me and lifted her petite shoulders; cringing as if afraid that I might take a swing at her. “I received a text while at the coffee counter.”
She set her cup in the holder on her armrest and leaned over to dig in her purse. She pulled out her iPhone and used her finger on her touch screen and opened a message, handing the phone off to me.


Nancy,
The Author’s Forum at Piccadilly Circus has organized an event. It would be just brilliant if Torie Mills could attend, 20 February. It will be a panel of ten authors from the UK and US. We would love to offer a spot to Torie. Let me know. Gwen


I was shaking my head before had I even finished reading it.
“Nancy, February? No way do I want to exchange one snowy cold spot, for another. Now if it was being held in Bali—maybe,” I handed her phone back to her and looked to the disappointed dark-brown eyes. “I just want to get home and enjoy my first winter with my new husband but I also want to have Claire’s book ready to submit for publication by the end of February and I hope that you will help me make that happen. Please try and understand, Nancy.”
Nancy put a slim arm around my shoulders and squeezed me briefly before dropping her phone back into her purse.
“I understand,” she sighed. “And I know that I’m a pain but it’s just hard for me to pass up a chance for exposure. I’ve been in the business for so long that I have trouble letting any opportunity pass by.”
I nodded and gave her a smile. “May and New England. I’m still game for that as a possibility,” I offered.
Nancy smoothed her collar length pale-blonde bob behind her ears and nodded. “I’m holding you to that,” she said forcefully before giving me a warm smile.
We heard the static of the microphone at the sign in counter of our gate as a young woman in a crisp white blouse announced:

Flight 303 to Des Moines, Iowa is now boarding. First class passengers may begin boarding at gate E-1…

“That’s us,” Nancy said standing.
I rose to join her and we took up our purses, coffee and rolled our carry-on bags toward the open door leading to the ramped walkway and our waiting jet. We will be home in just a few hours and I am so ready to be back with Dave. He’d told me last night on the phone that we’d received another six inches of snow during the day yesterday. I can’t wait to get home, settle in and enjoy a cozy evening with my hubby.



Chapter 6


Torie

Dave was acting unusually agitated as we finished up our dinner at the Finish Line. He’d insisted that we eat here because he hadn’t wanted me to worry about fixing something for dinner tonight. I had caught him watching me and smiling as I’d studied my menu earlier and now he was keeping up with the smiling and he also kept glancing out the diner window to the darkening sky while drumming his fingers on the table.
This was added to the surprise of finding him waiting for me at the main concourse of the airport when Nancy and I had arrived, a couple of hours ago. I hadn’t, at all, expected him to be there because Nancy had planned to drive me home. I had spotted him at once, as he had turned from where he had been leaning against a window looking out on to the tarmac, until the commotion of us and our fellow passengers starting down the terminal hallway had drawn the attention of all those who stood waiting.
He’d been holding his parka in the crook of his arm and his hands had been in the pockets of his jeans. He’d had on lace-up snow boots and was dressed in a navy cable V-neck over a dark plaid button down. He’d had the scruffy shadow of a beard going on that I just love and his face had lit up with a dimpled grin upon seeing me. My stomach had flip-flopped, just at seeing him. I don’t know if I will ever get over the thrill of seeing him after an absence but I hope not.
The entire drive from the airport he had been so concerned about whether I’d had a good flight, if I was tired, if I had anything on my agenda for the evening. I’d assured him that the only item on my agenda was to spend some quality time with him. He’d said that he was very pleased about that with a little too much glee but he wouldn’t tell me why.
Char approached and removed our dishes as she placed the bill before Dave. I smiled at her and added as she left, “Make sure I get an invite to your shower.”
“You bet, sugar. What should the theme be for wedding number four?” she wondered aloud, with a laugh and a shake of her head.
She had told me before we had left for Vegas that she had been swept off of her feet again by trucker number four. Jake, a beer truck driver who passes through town every three days or so as he makes the rounds to the Casey’s General Stores in the Mahaska County area, and who had proposed to her on bended knee, in the middle of the noonday rush and with a lovely three-quarter carat princess-cut solitaire. It had been a wonderful story and Char is still in heaven, in spite of the fact that she tries to play it down.
Dave placed the appropriate amount of cash on the table including a tip for Char and her newest recruit Bev Martin, a friendly, dark-haired willowy girl of eighteen who had recently graduated from high school and is just getting her start in the fine art of food service. Her exuberance and the sheer amount of information that she had been able to provide to Dave and I, had been staggering. She talks a mile a minute and it had been exhausting, just trying to keep up.
She had conveyed to us the details of her graduation, as well as the fact that her boyfriend Randy had left three days ago with his National Guard unit for a tour of Afghanistan and she had been living in an apartment with Randy in Oskaloosa but had moved back to live in Fremont with her parents, two brothers and grandma. The Martin’s were an old settler family who had moved back to the Fremont area seven years ago. Bev told us that she had enjoyed living in Oskaloosa to get a taste of being on her own without being too far away from family but was happy to be able to be back with her parents, since Randy is going to be gone for up to a year.
Amazingly, she had provided all of this information to us, and practically with one breath of air and in just the time that it had taken for her to fill our glasses with water and place menus before us! She is an absolute whirlwind and I don’t know that I was ever as friendly or as bubbly as she is, even when I was eighteen years old myself.
“You ready to go?” Dave asked excitedly.
I nodded and he had my coat off of the empty seat of the booth behind us and at the ready in a flash, helping me into it.
“David,” I addressed him formally. “What the heck has gotten into you tonight? You are acting very odd.”
He just grinned and shook his head, refusing any answers for his strange behavior as he slipped his coat on. “It’s a secret and you can’t ask any questions. Just promise me that you will accept what I ask of you.”
I looked up into his dancing eyes; the excitement on his face was infectious. “That could be a dangerous proposition, but I promise.”
“Gotcha right where I want ya!” he teased and dropped a smacking kiss on my lips and with his arm around me, we headed out of the diner after calling a good night to Char and Bev.

***

As soon as we arrived at the house and got inside the front door, Dave didn’t even remove his coat but instead he reached into the front closet for a stocking cap and his heavy winter gloves.
“Okay,” he said. “I will be back in about an hour. I don’t want to you do anything but wait. No looking out of the windows to try and figure out what’s going on. Promise me.” He gave me a stern scowl.
“An hour!” I whined with a petulant pout.
He gave me another stern look.
“Okay,” I said and crossed my heart and then removed my heavy burgundy-wool coat and put it away. “Can I at least unpack my suitcase and take a shower?” I asked with a laugh.
He paused, actually considering it. “Unpack, yes. Shower, yes, but don’t wash your hair unless you dry it right away and be dressed when I get back.”
“Dressed for what? Dressed for pool at Stevie’s? Dressed for bed? Can I be in my sweats?”
“Sweats—perfect,” he nodded.
He gave me a quick kiss and headed for the front door before I could ask anything else. Shadow started to follow him out and Dave put his hand up sternly. “You stay,” he ordered and Shadow sat down obediently.
I waved Dave out the door. “Come on Shadow, you can hang with me,” I said heading toward the kitchen.
After just a few minutes I could hear an engine start up and the sound of one of Dave’s snowmobiles heading out. In what direction, I couldn’t quite tell but as I had promised, I didn’t look outside or try to figure it out. After I fed Shadow his dinner, I took my bag and headed upstairs to unpack and take a shower while I waited for the hour to pass and the tantalizing secret to be revealed.
As I showered and prepared for Dave’s return, I contemplated how I am going to spring my surprise on him. I want it to be special and perfect and memorable and I kept going over possible scenarios in my head as I waited.
Six days ago, while on my trip, I had found a few minutes of alone time and had stopped at a supermarket in downtown Chicago near my hotel and had purchased an early detection pregnancy test. I had bought a two pack, actually, and I had repeated the test a second time just last night and it had been the same positive result.
After the first test, I had made a call to my gynecologist while I was still out of town. He wants to see me and confirm so that I can start on prenatal vitamins and so I have an appointment with him scheduled for next week. I still think it is a bit early but the doctor had insisted. All I need to do now is share the news with Dave, but how and when? That is my dilemma.
I am going crazy keeping it to myself because I want to tell my sisters, Mindy, my dad and Sandy, Dave’s mom, Anna, just everyone. I had been afraid that my requests for decaf coffee over the last few days would have been a clue that Nancy might have picked up on, but thankfully, she hadn’t. I wouldn’t have felt right if I would have needed to lie to her but I am determined to wait until the doctor confirms and I am a little further along before telling everyone but I want to share it with Dave right away. I had hoped that tonight would present the perfect opportunity but I’m not sure now because it will really depend upon what the heck he is up to right this minute.
I know that I must have conceived before or around the time that we were in Las Vegas and I have already gone on the Internet and found a due date calculator. I have determined that I will be due about September 20th, give or take a few days. I am pretty sure that the doctor will be doing tests and ultra-sounds and I have already decided that I want to know what the gender is, as soon as possible.
I need to discuss all that with Dave first, though. I don’t even know if he has strong feelings about that. What I do know is that he is going to be in heaven. He wants a baby as much as I do. Even though we have only been off of the pill for a couple of months and the doctor had felt that it would take some time for my period to get regular and extra time for me to conceive, but miraculously, here we are—pregnant. We are both more than ready.
After I showered, washed and dried my hair as instructed and was slipping into my cozy sweats and heavy weight socks, I heard the sound of the snowmobile returning. I fought the urge to go and see what was keeping him when the minutes continued to tick by and an hour became an hour and fifteen minutes. When I heard the front door and Dave call out my name, I hurried out of our bedroom and down the stairs.

***

“Well, come on,” Dave said excitedly, waving me on down the steps.
The smell of the cold fresh air clung to him as he stepped forward. His face was cool to my touch as I stretched up to give him a kiss and cupped his cheek. He had already removed my heavy nylon parka from the closet and had my snow boots in hand.
As I took a seat on the bottom step, he assisted me by setting my boots before me and plopping a knit cap on my head. He waited for me to rise and then slipped my arms into my coat and he tossed a scarf around my neck and looped it around a second time and handed me my gloves.
“Now what? Do I need to close my eyes or anything?” I asked, unsure of what was coming next.
“Nope,” he said kissing me again. “Come with me, my love.”
He put an arm across my back, tucking me into his side and led me to the front door and out into the front yard. I didn’t notice anything obvious and I didn’t see any snowmobile. I had assumed that this surprise would involve a snowmobile.
We took the bricked walkway across the front yard which edged the flower beds that were sleeping under a foot of snow. The walk had been shoveled and deep snow blanketed the yard.
The night was still and fairly warm for January, in the upper-twenties. The full moon was shrouded by the thinnest veil of misty clouds but even with that, the glow of the bright sphere on the heavy snow cover, gave almost the appearance of the light of day to the yard and the fields beyond. As we approached the barnyard and corral, lit by security spotlights, I could see that on the far side, just out in the pasture stood our horse Jack, in full harness and hitched up to the most beautiful little snow sleigh that I have ever seen. It was Christmas red and had tall fancy scrolling runners.
“Oh my God! Where did that come from?” I squealed. “It’s beautiful!”
Dave held my gloved hand in his and gazed down into my upturned face. “You ever been on a sleigh ride, Torie?”
“Never!”
“Another brownie point for Dave Cameron,” he chuckled and pumped his fist. “This,” he said as he opened the corral gate and escorted me toward our waiting sleigh. “Was a tradition in my family for many years. We used a larger one back in the day and a two horse team, but winter sleigh rides were always part of my growing up. I had always imagined that I would someday share this with someone. Just been waiting for you, Missus Cameron,” he confessed as we arrived at the sleigh. He gently took ahold of the collar of my jacket and pulled me into him as he placed an excited smooch upon my lips. His breath came out in a fog and mingled with mine as he grinned down at me.
“You will be amazed to know,” he continued, releasing me. “That this little rig once belonged to my great-great-grandfather William McFall and it is about a hundred and twenty years old,” he informed, turning to indicate the sleigh.
“It’s just amazing,” I sighed, looking at all the fancy detail. Jack tossed his head and nickered and as he did, a string of bells attached to his collar jingled merrily.
Dave took my hand and helped me up into the sleigh and then climbed in. We both tapped our boots over the outside edge to remove the snow and then Dave reached forward and pulled several blankets off of the front lip of the sleigh and draped them over both of our laps.
“You ready?” he asked excitedly. I thought he looked like a man in his element and totally at ease with the sleigh and steering a horse in full harness. He seemed so in control and I felt so very thankful that this wonderful, self-assured man is all mine.
“I’m ready. I can’t believe that you know how to do this. I am so impressed, really.”
“Aw, shucks ma’am, tain’t nothin’,” he joked and took the reins in his hands as he clicked his tongue and Jack started out into the pasture. The sleigh glided smoothly over the snow and then we were off and I could see that we were riding along a well-worn snow packed path. It was obvious that Dave had made this trip more than once.
“We have been hitching up and practicing this for about a week. I was a little rusty and so was Jack,” Dave stated confirming my suspicions.
“Well, I think you both have gotten the hang of it,” I said snuggling down into the blankets and enjoying the jingle of the sleigh bells and the expanse of endless gently rolling acres of stark white farmland passing by.
“I want this be our tradition from here on out? Can it?” I asked. “Sleigh rides, at least a couple of  times every winter.”
“Nothing would make me happier. I have been waiting for this night for years and years, Torie.”
“Where are we going to? Is this what your family did when you were a kid?”
“Where we are going tonight is still a secret and when I was a kid, we had a few McFall relatives that lived north a ways from our house. We would visit them, usually a day or two before Christmas and would always bring the cliché and God-awful fruitcake and lots of gifts. We would have dinner and hot chocolate before heading back home. Those were great times,” he reflected wistfully. “The McFall family that we visited, are now long gone and after Grandpa Joe passed away, we didn’t do the sleigh rides anymore. He’s the one who trained both Jack and Princess to harness when they were young. He taught me everything I needed to know about it—by training with me in the warm months with wagons out on the gravel roads when I was a kid. I have so many great memories of those times and Grandpa Joe.”
We were both quiet then as we enjoyed the view and the silence of the night. I looked up to Dave’s profile as we glided along at a smart trot. He has so much to offer and so many secrets that I am sure I have yet to learn. It is still amazing and humbling to me to know that this extraordinary man has quietly lived his life and waited for someone to fill a void and somehow I am the lucky woman who his heart has chosen. I will be the one to discover all of his gifts and share in his dreams, and I feel very blessed. He looked down into my eyes and smiled and then nodded toward the front of the sleigh.
“Look,” he said.
Before us, beneath the misty glow of the shrouded moon, loomed the frozen snow-covered pond and the fishing cabin. It had been transformed though, into a winter wonderland. The wooden dock that leads out to the cabin and the small deck where we had enjoyed our picnic lunch during the summer, were lighted along the entire length around the edges by sconces of softly glowing outdoor landscaping lights. A plume of smoke was coming from a flue atop the cabin and was drifting lazily toward the east, across the pond.
“Dave! It looks amazing! It’s like a dream. You did all this?”
Dave pulled the reins and brought Jack to a stop so that we could enjoy the scene from a distance for a moment.
“Well, me and Jeff and a couple of other buddies, Greg and Brent. The solar landscaping lights were Jeff’s idea. He was on his hands and knees for hours attaching each light to the decking. Looks pretty, don’t you think?”
“It’s beautiful. It could be a picture postcard.”
“Wait until you see what we did inside,” he said with excitement as he snapped the reins and Jack started off again, heading down the gentle slope toward the edge of the pond.



Chapter 7


Dave

I came around to Torie’s side of the sleigh and reached up to take her by the waist and lifted her gently down. I grabbed up the blankets under one arm and took her hand in mine, leading her toward the wooden dock along a shoveled trail. The dock was bone dry, without a trace of the snow which had fallen a day ago. I had policed the site and kept it just so as I had awaited her return and the unveiling of our romantic winter retreat.
The wooden dock creaked under our booted feet as we followed the runway of lights out over the frozen water and to the deck. I opened the door to the cabin and paused to let Torie enter first, wanting her to get a good first look. The flickering glow of a crackling fire filled the room.
“Oh wow!” she gasped and it was just the reaction I was hoping for.
Where before there had been beds against the two walls and a butcher block and cupboards in the center, the room had been transformed to a cozy hearth room. The cupboards and butcher block had been shifted more toward the left and the bed against the right wall had been removed. A red enamel wood burning stove was in its place and a fire in full force warmed the room invitingly. The stove was seated on a stone apron and a backdrop of stonework had been added and led to the roof, where the newly installed flue exited the cabin. A small supply of firewood was stacked neatly next to the hearth.
Spread before the fire was a plush area rug and a heap of colorful throw pillows. I had pretty much cleaned out most of the high-end fancy kind from the Bed Bath & Beyond out in West Des Moines. Placed strategically, close by, a tray containing a carafe, two heavy mugs and a heaping bowl of marshmallows.
“I didn’t want to take a sleigh ride without a destination. So I made us a destination,” I said softly.
She turned to me. “You did all this just for me? It’s beautiful and perfect.”
I slipped off my coat and helped Torie out of her things and then crossed to the butcher block and flipped the switch on a player and music filled the room.
As I took her in my arms, our faces were still chilled from our sleigh ride and the smell of the crisp winter outdoors was a fragrance that we shared as we got up close and personal, enjoying our first passionate kiss of her homecoming. Afterward, I took her hand and led her to the cozy pallet that I had prepared in front of the fire and knelt before her.
“My lady,” I said grandly, helping her slip off her boots while she braced herself with a hand on my shoulder for support. As I finished, I fluffed the pillows and invited her to sit.
I quickly slipped out of my boots while Torie reclined on the pillows, stretching out on her stomach before the fire and enjoying the mesmerizing effect of the flickering flames. I took a seat beside her and poured us each a mug of hot chocolate. 
“Marshmallows?”
“Please.”
I added a few marshmallows to each mug and left them sitting on the stone fireplace apron as I stretched out beside her and slid her mug closer to her.
“I missed you, Torie. I hate you leaving,” I confessed as I rested my head on my propped arm and studied her lovely face.
“I told Nancy that I’m done with the tours for the next few months. I told her that I wanted to enjoy my first winter with you.”
“Good. I think it will be some time before I grow tired of your company, if ever,” I said and placed a gentle kiss upon her lips and then lifted my mug and took a small sip. Torie followed suit and got some foamy marshmallow on her lip and I leaned in to help her with it; my lips and tongue, lightly rolling over hers.
“Got it,” I said with a chuckle.
Even something as innocent as that was a total turn on and I could feel her trembling breath against my mouth as I retreated. A slow smile spread across my lips because I love that I can have that effect on her.
Torie got that gleam of passion flaring in her eyes and set her mug on the hearth apron and snuggled up close to me. I placed my drink over next to hers and ran my hand along her waist and over her perfect backside. I rested my head on the pillow and pulled her in closer as my hands explored her body over her clothes and hers moved below my belt buckle.
Our kisses became heated and before too long we were slipping each other out of our clothes. We lay back down, naked and enjoying the unhurried intimate sharing of our bodies, side by side facing each other.
“This reminds me of a scene from one of my favorite romance novels when I was a teenager,” she said softly.
I lifted to look into her face. “Really?” I asked with curiosity.
Her eyes looked a little misty as she gazed into mine.
“You know, you have made so many of my girlhood dreams come true, Dave. So many years of waiting for a Prince Charming and you are everything that I ever dreamed he might be,” she admitted quietly.
I felt a little embarrassed by her flattery. “Tell me about the book that this night reminds you of,” I urged, taking the focus off of me.
I lay my head down again beside her and we shared a large pillow, looking into each other’s eyes. I pulled her toward me, hiking one of her legs over my hip so that we were on our sides, lined up just right.
“I forget,” she said, distracted, gazing at me with bedroom eyes. “All I have on my mind now is what’s going on below.”
She wasn’t kidding. Her hand was on my lower back and trying to urge me to come closer.
“Sorry,” I said. I stopped and moved my pelvis away. My hand grazed her hip and along her outer thigh. “I’ll be good,” I promised. “Tell me. I want to know.” I waited for her to elaborate.
She took a quivering breath and began quietly, like she was telling me a bedtime story.
“Once upon a time in a fictional world hundreds of years ago,” she said and smiled. “The story was set in the wilderness of the early American colonies. The hero and his heroine were secret lovers and they had been separated from each other for about as long as I have been away from you in Chicago. Once they were back together, they snuck off to a rustic cabin in the woods and he built them a fire and they lay on a pallet of soft animal furs before the warmth and glow of the crackling embers.”
“No way!” I said in disbelief.
She nodded her head. “I could read it to you sometime if you like,” she offered. “I have it inside the house this very minute if you don’t believe me.”
She lifted her head from the pillow to brush her lips against mine softly, urging me closer. I felt the pull of her mouth and tongue playing upon mine and leaned in to kiss her mouth very thoroughly.
“You want to hear the rest of the similarities?” she questioned quietly between kisses.
“Mmm…I’m listening,” I assured her but it was definitely a distracted response as she kissed me again and my long denied and smoldering passion was getting ready to ignite into a full blown blaze.
She let her lips hover near mine as she continued quietly.
“As they lay before the fire, naked in each other’s arms, the heroine moved close to his ear and whispered to him…” She acted out the motion and lifted to lightly run her lips along the contours of my ear as she whispered softly. “I’m pregnant.”
There was a long pause and then I pulled back to look deeply into her eyes as she rested her head back down on the pillow, satisfied that she had shocked me into stupefied silence.
“What—wait, so are you telling me…” I sputtered. I don’t think that I have ever been so flustered.
“You ready to be a daddy, Mr. Cameron?” she asked and started giggling as I am sure that she saw the excitement which was blooming across my features as what she’d just said really sank in.
“Torie, are you sure?”
“Pretty sure, I took a test twice so far. I have an appointment next week with the doctor.”
“Wow, our life is about to get really interesting, huh?” I chuckled and touched her flat stomach lightly. “A baby? When?”
“By my calculation it will be late September but we’ll have to wait until the doctor confirms. What’s your stance? Do you want to know what we’re having if they can tell us at some point? Or do you want it to be a secret?”
“I want to know, definitely.”
“Me, too.”
“I love you,” we both said in unison and laughed together.
“Jinx, you owe me a Coke,” we both said quickly at once and laughed even harder, wrapping each other up in a hug as our legs tangled together.
“God, our baby’s parents are huge dorks!” she whispered.
“Cool is way overrated,” I chuckled, urging her to her back as my kiss captured her mouth and the electricity of the contact between us promised pleasures to come.



Chapter 8


Torie

March brought with it the promise of the warming sun of spring and the daylight hours were slowly lengthening. I am getting close to starting my second trimester and loving every minute of the changes that are occurring in my body. It is still just the slightest bump on my lower abdomen but it is definitely there. My usual one hundred and twenty pounds has bloomed to one hundred and twenty-nine and I am feeling a bit overweight but Dave has told me that he loves the new, more rounded curves I am developing. Best—Husband—Ever!
He also had been very considerate those first couple of months because I’d had a bit of morning sickness and he’d been really good about getting me some soda crackers and tepid water when necessary and hadn’t complained about me eating crackers in bed.
A friend of mine told me about that trick. If you eat some crackers the moment you start feeling queasy then sometimes you can alleviate the morning sickness. But you have to eat them before even attempting to get out of bed and vertical. Often the dreaded heaves can be stopped before they strike and it had worked for me but I am glad that finally the sickness seems to have run its course and I am enjoying my pregnancy more and more each day.
Dave had been approached in early February by John Sweeney about the possibility of acting as an advisor at the Wyman House and now the builders are preparing to break ground in a couple of weeks on the David Samuel Cameron Learning Center. John had received some significant dollars from Mahaska County and several school districts, also grants from several Iowa foundations and organizations which were matched by the Neumann Mills 2012 Charity Trust and the majority of the first phase of funding, a not too shabby two point three million dollars needed, is already in the bank.
It is expected to take at least a year for the thirty-thousand square foot building to be completed and it is not something that Dave would ever work on normally, but having the opportunity to add his input to insure the exterior is crafted with historical accuracy is right up his alley. John wants it to have the same 1870 flavor as the Wyman House itself and also to compliment the homestead without overpowering it. Dave had finally relented—I knew that he would. I mean, this is Dave Cameron after all! He lives for this kind of stuff. Plus he will still be free to do his own restoration projects at the same time. Mostly he will just act as a supervisor, weighing in on planning and helping the contractors as needed. It is a perfect fit for him.
The center will serve many purposes. It will have classrooms, which will be for teaching and the Future Farmers of America, among others, plan to use those. It will have a large indoor greenhouse where studies on seed design, germination and such will be taught and improved upon. Several of the big seed companies had been eager to get involved and have helped to fund the expensive facility with its climate controlled atmosphere which will allow for growing year round. Working with the FFA they feel and rightly so, that they may be looking at future customers.
There will be a metalworking shop and also a workshop with state of the art lathes and other woodworking equipment that will be a vocational part of the countywide high school curriculum for many Mahaska County and even some Keokuk County towns. The shop will also be used for special projects such as teaching the practices of carpentry from years past and providing an understanding of the need to preserve the old when building for the future. John Sweeney and the Fremont school board have already been looking for a couple of teachers who will be on staff year round and handle the planning of the curriculum. Dave has agreed to be a guest speaker and even teach certain workshops and events.
I had known that I had married a highly respected expert in his field, but I hadn’t realized just how famous he is within the historical restoration community. I had found a pretty huge stash of newspaper articles and magazines in a scrap book in the den, up on a high shelf out of sight but conspicuously labeled Dave. I hadn’t been able resist bringing it down and had sat at Dave’s desk as I’d snooped.
Inside I had found articles featuring many of his projects and providing biographical information on him. There were more than a few covers of regional and national historical preservation magazines featuring the home that we now live in and a few of the covers had really sexy, hot photos of Dave, although I don’t think that sexy or hot had been what the photographers had been going for.
One article showed the interior of this home with all of its gleaming hardwood floors and its amazing fancy ornate woodwork and pocket doors with their colorful stained-glass designs. The article had also featured a photograph of Dave and his ex-wife Laura standing out on the front porch. I’d had to concede that Laura had been very pretty, with blonde hair and a slim figure. In the photo, Dave had his arm around her shoulders and they had looked very happy but when I had flipped to the cover and the date of the magazine, it had actually been taken just months before their marriage had ended.
The scrap book was obviously something that his mother had proudly put together as his career had started to take off and Laura had continued to add items to it during her time here, years before I had ever met him.
Even without seeing that mountain of evidence as to his credentials, Dave had been at the top of my list of renovation professionals that I’d wanted to work with when I had first started looking. His name had come up first on every Google search when it had come time for me to find someone to help me restore Rose’s house last year.
The other feature of the Wyman project, which Dave will begin work on soon and that he is most excited about, is the recreation of the old town square from the late eighteen-hundreds and he will pretty much have free rein to create it and it will even have the grassy town square, complete with the gazebo.
Dave can’t wait to get started on that and they will be breaking ground for it before the end of the month. It will be located just on the other side of the learning center and all of the buildings that once edged the town square will be recreated, including the drug store where Dave (while inhabiting Wyatt Mills) and I (inhabiting Molly Mills) had gone to get a soda for Jennie during our gazebo time travel.
The genealogical society has purchased three additional acres of land just northeast of the five that the Wyman house sits on and ‘the 1890’ Fremont high school is also to be recreated. It will be built to scale, as will the town square, about sixty-percent of the original size of the structures. Dave has showed me some of the blueprints and it is going to be amazing.



Chapter 9


Dave

The morning was cool and the fireplace was crackling invitingly when I approached Torie’s office to find her, dressed in her sweats and slippers which has become her usual low-key style for a day of writing. Her office is in the cozy second story turret room and is one of the smaller rooms in the house but just perfect for her purposes. After we were first married, I had done some renovations, adding floor to ceiling bookshelves and creating a reading area for her, with a ball-in-claw leather recliner and a fancy antique five-light Tulip and brass floor lamp. The bookshelves are now filled with her pretty extensive collection of reading materials.
She had just logged onto her computer and as she’d told me over breakfast, she was determined to get some writing done today. Writing what? She was still contemplating that. She had just submitted the finished manuscript for With Wings of Love by Claire Neumann, to her editor. And it will be published in the next few months or so and she now didn’t have any other concrete projects or ideas currently in the works. She’d stopped short of saying that she is having writer’s block but she had admitted that she has been just too occupied with browsing for baby cribs and tiny little baby clothes.
She has found herself spending a lot of her time making a nest for our baby girl who is still many months away from joining our little family but she already has her name, Rose Lynn Cameron. Rose, for Torie’s great-great-grandma Rose and Lynn, because of her childhood agreement with her best friend Mindy, that their first born child, regardless of gender, would bear each other’s middle name. Mindy had fulfilled her part of the agreement with the naming of her first born son Connor Lee White. Now it is Torie’s turn to pay her dues. Actually I think that the name is perfect. I have already taken to referring to her as Rosie, Rosie Posey and Torie’s personal favorite nickname for our progeny, Rosebud.
I knocked on the open door before strolling casually into the room. “I was thinking,” I began as I bent down to move the fireplace guard and stoked the fire before adding another small log.
Torie turned in her chair to give me her full attention and waited for me to elaborate.
“Since you don’t have any direction currently, what would you think about a change of pace from your usual romance novel?”
“What do you have in mind?” she asked furrowing her brows.
“Did you ever see the movie The Perfect Storm? Or have you ever read the book In Cold Blood?” I asked.
“Yes to both. In Cold Blood in high school and it was also a requirement in college. What does one have to do with the other?” she wondered, not understanding the correlation.
I stood and replaced the guard, then took a seat in the brown-leather chair, folding my hands and bracing my elbows on my knees. She could tell that I definitely had something on my mind.
“You’re freaking me out, Cameron. What’s going on?” she asked with concern.
“Nothing, it’s just that I was thinking that maybe you would consider writing the story of the Thompson murders. It has never been told and they were your family.”
“Is this because of the dreams?” she ventured hesitantly.
I have been having a reoccurring dream about the murders over the last few weeks. The dreams leave me in a cold sweat and a couple of times Torie has woke up to find me across the room, staring out the windows into the night. Although neither of us is even close to being over the experience of that last horrible time warp, because I don’t really think that we will ever forget or completely let it go, I had believed that I could keep it at bay, but now I have begun to feel haunted by it again.
Mostly I keep remembering the final hour of Tim’s life, as he had attempted to survive and save his little brother Ricky. I relive being hit in the left temple with a bullet, the blood splattering and covering my face and blurring my vision. That I can still recall being shot is very odd. Like people who lose a limb sometimes, feeling that they still have their missing arm or leg. It is like that for me, like a phantom pain. Having a memory of pain that belonged to someone else but is my burden to bear is a confusing thing to deal with and I can’t leave it behind me—at least not yet.
“I just think that it’s a story that needs to be told and because I have all of the details, why not get it down on paper? Maybe it will help me to deal.”
“I understand and I know that you have all of the details, Dave, but remember that everyone involved in the story died. How would I explain that? What would I do if someone were to ask about my sources?”
“Thompson gave most of the basics to the police but I can fill in a lot of the detail. I think that if you approach it sort of in the true crime style of Capote but more like The Perfect Storm, which was totally from an angle of theory and speculation, right? No one knows what happened on that boat because there were no survivors. Plus, there have been many stories like that. What about Amelia Earhart? Movies have been made about her and any number of true events with limited actual evidence. What about Custer’s last stand or the Alamo? I’m just saying that maybe you could approach it from that angle. Historically accurate but your theory and speculation as to what you think may have happened. Writers take those kinds of liberties all the time, don’t they?” I asked with a shrug. “I just thought that because you have time now…”
I watched her eyes and she looked as if her mind were already contemplating it as she stared off into space. She had a determined look on her face when her eyes moved back to mine. The look told me she was already spinning the tale. She was locked onto it.
“Dave, this could be so amazing. I can totally see it being in the vein of a true crime story. I feel like I need to hold back my excitement, be reasonable and thoughtful about it—weigh all of the pros and cons but I am already on fire with the idea,” she laughed. “But what is it you want it to say, Dave? How far would you want me to go?”
“Nothing about the warps, if that’s what you mean. You know that I would want all of the detail regarding Tim and his injuries to be part of the story but again that could just be conjecture on your part and creative license because no one but me and Horn-Rims knows the truth.”
“Thompson is still alive, though. What if he…”
“Torie, the monster is what, ninety-two now?”
She nodded. “He’ll be ninety-three in May.”
“I’ll make you a deal, you write it and if he is still alive by the time that it’s done, we’ll see if we can have a meeting with him and give him the opportunity to review it. If he is remorseful, we can always put off publishing it until he passes away. We can offer that to him. I mostly just want you to get it down on paper while it’s still fairly fresh in my mind.”
“I’m more concerned with my granduncle Allen’s family. Cindy was his granddaughter. I don’t know if any of the family is still alive or even where they would be. Allen moved to California shortly after the murders and he died out there. I think that Cindy’s parents died out west, as well.”
“You don’t need to go into all the family history, do you? Can’t you just tell it at face value and not get into all of the family backstory?”
“Yes, I could tell it without getting into all that. I suppose that I wouldn’t need to even mention my ties, although I think that it might come out in the long run. But since the story occurred in Craton and Agency, I wouldn’t really need to mention the Fremont connection at all,” she paused and I waited anxiously. “Okay, I will. This could be a great story, Dave—really great!”
“Awesome,” I nodded and rose from my seat and gave her a kiss on the top of her head as she turned back to her computer.
“My mind is already on fire with it. It feels so good to have a story that I want to bring to life. I even have the title, Where Evil Lived.”
“That’s perfect,” I agreed but Torie was already zoned out as she brought up a fresh word document and began. She was totally immersed as I quietly left her to her work.



Chapter 10


Dave

It wasn’t more than a few days later that I was asking Torie to please just take one day away from her book to spend an afternoon with me in Des Moines. I wanted to go in search of several items that I need in order to finish off a small renovation project I have been working on in Oskaloosa and the West End Architectural Salvage shop downtown had received some new things. Also, I haven’t been down there to look around since working on the Wyman house with Torie last year.
After some slight pleading on my part she finally relented grudgingly because she had already finished off her outline and was getting ready to start the actual writing of her story. Where Evil Lived had quickly become an obsession that has taken her from me far too often already and she hasn’t even gotten into the actual writing yet. It doesn’t bode well for any Dave time once she gets into the meat of the tale but I am glad to see her happily at her craft again. Writing is to her, what my work is to me and I can certainly understand her obsession.
Torie agreed to give me the afternoon and with a slight bit of persuasion I was able to talk her into making a full day of it. We decided that we would have lunch at the Raccoon River Brewing Company first and then we will spend several hours enjoying all of the little finds at the salvage shop.

***

“Dave, look at this. Wouldn’t this be great out on the front porch?” Torie hinted. “I can just see it with a big potted plant sitting on it.” She ran her hand along the custom made metal and glass table which was parts of at least several old dairy cans and blown glass artifacts. “Oh, look!” she gushed moving next to a magazine stand created from soldered and linked washers and screws of varying sizes and different types of metal.
We had been trying to make our way toward the third floor of the large shop for the last ten minutes but she kept getting distracted. Actually, it reminded me of exactly why and when I had completely lost my heart and fallen totally head over heels in love with her. It was during those days when we had been working on her house together and my enjoying the joy that scavenging had brought to her. It had just melted my heart. The last time that we had been at this particular shop, we had become lost in our browsing for hours.
I totally can recall now the funny arguments that she and I would have as to why my truck had ended up loaded down every trip. She had always tried to blame me but it had been all the fault of this crazy lady who just had to have any little thing that caught her eye. Watching her now, I remember that she had been a holy terror then and it looks like this trip is going to be no different.
“Oh, look at that old pie safe,” she gasped. “That looks exactly like the one that was at the Wyman house around 1880. I wish they would have had this last year when we were here. It would have looked great right in that little nook next to the range. Do you think that John would want to add it to the house if I buy it? I think I’ll call him and ask. Do you think that we can get it home today in the truck?”
“Dang, woman,” I laughed at her crazed need to have it, suddenly taking over. “Just let me run up to the third floor for the light fixture that I need and then you can shop to your heart’s content. If you want to call John, then go ahead and I’ll run upstairs and then meet you back down here. Just keep your phone handy so that we don’t lose each other. And yes, I will get it home for you today.”
Torie squealed with excitement, clapping her hands. “I’ll come upstairs with you first,” she decided and reluctantly pulled herself away from the pie safe. “Just remember where this is and I’ll call John in a bit.” When I rolled my eyes she said, “Hey, you knew that I would go all nuts in here so you have only yourself to blame for asking me to come. But you do need to rein me in and exert your husbandly dominance over me—please. Maybe I really need to just wait in the truck.” With a laugh she reached out and took my extended hand.
“Okay, I’ll tell you NO for the rest of the afternoon, how’s that?” I offered, as hand in hand we climbed to the third floor.
This floor held just as much intrigue for a hardcore scavenger like Torie—light fixtures and hanging chandeliers with fancy old glass, antique tables, knick knacks and custom mirrors in scrolled frames of mahogany or maple. I lost Torie again almost immediately as she stopped to look at a fancy mirror with an etched brass tile framework and I continued on without her. I was scanning the ceiling full of antique light fixtures when my eye was caught by a bright blue and orange cabinet across the room.
Leaning up against one of the legs of the cabinet was an old DX gas station sign and traffic lights and other items from the 1950’s were scattered about. I walked around old chrome and Formica kitchen table sets with their star burst and boomerang designs and matching brightly colored shiny vinyl chairs, weaving around and among them as I kept my eyes on the old arcade game and my heart about stopped.
As I got closer, my mind was recalling the scene. The last time that I had seen this game I hadn’t really paid that much attention to it because the arcade hadn’t been my idea of a fun night out. I had been on the verge of losing it that night and was just trying to keep it together and keep an eye on all of the kids. All I know is that this game had been making sounds like some kind of an alien war going on and that Ricky Thompson had been on his knees on a chair as he’d spun the silver wheel and stared into the glass-encased workings.
As I arrive and stand before it, I notice all of the bright colors, the rocket ships, lights and score-counter under glass. I can’t even imagine the first thing about what the object of the game had been but there was a mixture of real and painted media, a small red truck mounted with magnets and the silver rockets with painted white smoke coming from them as they appear to be blasting off from a launch pad. Behind the launch pad, painted on the back wall of the machine are yellow wheat fields and in the distance further out—painted farm houses and corn fields. It has what had probably been pretty high tech 3D effects back in the day but of course it is all very primitive looking now. It really just looks like a huge fish aquarium without the fish.
“Hey,” Torie said. “Check this out.”
She was holding a small lamp with a salmon-colored glass shade. “Dave, what is it? You look as white as a sheet. Are you okay?”
She sat the lamp on a nearby table and was going to assist me as I struggled to move the large metal DX gas station sign.
“I got it, honey. It’s heavy,” I warned her. She didn’t need to be lifting anything in her condition.
I wanted it out of the way so that I could get a better look at the coin return on the front of the machine and the small brass plate that read 10 cents just above the change slot.
“Torie, this is one of the games that were in the arcade at Craton. Ricky was playing this exact game just before Horn-Rims,” he said and then quickly added to clarify. “I mean, Mark Thompson came back to pick us up. It was just like this. Playing this game was one of the last things that Ricky enjoyed on earth before he was murdered.”
Torie peered into the glass case, taking a closer look. “Space Age,” she said pointing to the name in large yellow letters along the painted skyline. “I didn’t even know that they had stuff like this back in the 1950’s,” she said while turning the silver wheel. “That was before the moon walk and stuff like that. I wonder how it worked.”
“I’m not sure but I remember that it made some sounds and that Ricky spent a lot of time and several bucks trying to win. It gives me chills to think about him innocently sitting before this machine, not knowing what was coming before the night was over. I also remember now that there was ski ball and pinball games at the arcade. I can see it in my mind perfectly. The girls spent all of their money on fountain drinks and playing music on a jukebox across the room while flirting with and talking to boys. The arcade had been full of young kids who were all staying at the campgrounds for the July 4th weekend. Seeing this makes it all come back as clear as day. Freaky, huh?”
Torie was watching me closely, while digging into her purse. She pulled out her phone and took several pictures of the arcade game. “So that I can get the description right for the book,” she said. “Are you going to be okay, Dave?”
“Sure. It’s just an occupational hazard to see things from the past, you know?”
“I think that when we get home I should write the arcade scene while it’s fresh in your mind. It might be best to get it down now,” she kissed me briefly. “On a brighter note,” she announced, picking up the lamp. “Look at this. Grandma Rose had a lamp very similar to this in her bedroom in about 1886.” She gave me her sexy half smile that she knows full-well turns me to mush and she blinked up at me through her long lashes. “Sorry, boss, but I just gotta have it,” she said apologetically. “Please?”
“Good God, woman! You are going to wind up on that TV show Hoarders one of these days if you aren’t careful. I think you need an intervention,” I groused playfully. “All right, stop with the doe-eyes because that’s playing dirty and taking unfair advantage of my lustful feelings toward you. Here, let me carry it.”
I took the lamp from her hand and she broke into a sexy little happy dance and started off.
“I—on the other hand, have no desire to purchase that,” I said throwing my thumb over my shoulder toward the game and then I grabbed for her bopping little butt. Torie squealed and put her arm around my waist and I hooked my arm over her shoulders as we moved on, leaving the game behind.



Chapter 11


Torie

“Hey, babe. What’s up?”
“Dave, I need my documents. Where did you put them?”
I continued to finish out a sentence of dialogue as I spoke and then stood from my desk and opened one of the windows to let some spring air into my writing room.
“They’re up on the third floor. I can run home and get them for you.”
I could hear sawing and hammering in the background. He was obviously in the middle of something but, per usual, was willing to come to my aid.
“No, you don’t need to do that. Just tell me where they are and I can get them.”
“I don’t want you carrying heavy boxes down a flight of stairs. I’ll be there in twenty minutes,” he decided.
“Don’t you dare! I just need my newspaper clippings about the murders. It’s only one sleeve. It weighs nothing. Just tell me where.”
“Okay, but just the one sleeve, no lifting or carrying, especially not on an old staircase,” he ordered.
“Okay!” I growled.
“You know that other turret room in the back, facing the backyard on the southeast corner? I put them just inside that room. I think several of your boxes are on the floor near an old bed,” he said. “Turn on the lights because it’s dark up there and I don’t want you tripping over something.”
“Okay, boss, stop stressing. You know, I actually survived unscathed for many years before I met you,” I teased.
“Torie, lose the attitude lady. You happen to have a very important part of me under your care.”
“You’re sweet. I’ll be fine. I’ll see you tonight.”
“Love you.”
“Love you, too.”
As I hung up my phone, I stepped into my slippers and headed down the hall toward the next flight of stairs to the third story. These rooms are not used and haven’t been used for anything for literally decades. I hadn’t even considered making use of this part of the house because the first two floors are more space than we will ever need.
I flipped on the light switch at the bottom of the flight as I trotted up the steps. They were creaky and the oak bannister was dull from a lack of care. Puffs of dust particles filled the air as my fluffy slippers disturbed years of neglected dust-bunnies.
The upper floor has three rooms and all of them are just off of a really cool little landing. The southeast room to the left must be the turret room. I opened the door and flipped on a light switch. It lighted a single bare bulb hanging just above me. I moved further into the room and pulled on a string that lit an overhead fluorescent shop-light fixture, adding enough light to see clearly what the room contained.
It was full of possibly generations of forgotten McFall and Cameron odds and ends. The four large boxes of my genealogy research, which I hadn’t wanted to even look at since we’d stopped time traveling last year, were lined up along the side of a full-sized bed. The bed looked to be very old and the wooden headboard was gnarled from abuse. The bed had a lumpy mattress without a box springs and it was covered by a blue cotton bedspread.
I pulled out my newspaper clippings album and laid it on the bed, opening to the 1959 tab. I opened the clasp and removed the sleeve, deciding to leave the album out because I don’t anticipate needing the information for long and will bring it back up, probably by tomorrow.
I happened to notice a four drawer chest on the opposite side of the room behind a couple of metal window screens and a box of forgotten Christmas decorations and just had to go over to investigate. It was a wonderful old dresser created out of rich dark oak and had fancy old silver drawer-pulls shaped like whales. The fronts of the drawers were carved to look like waves, swirling and crashing. I decided immediately that I must put this somewhere in the house downstairs. We have so many unusual little rooms and nooks and crannies, and I had already decided on the place I want it to go.
I pulled the top drawer open and found that it contained several embroidered kitchen towels, cloth napkins and a few fancy lace doilies. The next drawer wouldn’t open more than a couple of inches and I tried to slip my hand inside but couldn’t find what was preventing it from opening. Peeking in the crack I could just make out that there were several shoe box-sized containers within. I was able to see that one of the lids was what was blocking the drawer shut and it was just out of my reach. I checked the next two drawers but they were empty and so I went back to investigate the drawer full of shoe boxes.
I decided to remove the top drawer, thinking that possibly it was sitting on tracks and the interior of the drawer below would be exposed. I carefully set it aside on top of a nearby box but was disappointed to see that the inside was solid wood. Removing it did however give me a little more room at the front of the drawer and I was able to slip my hand in and push the box lid down and got the drawer to pull open.
The boxes were full of many things that were obviously important to someone at some point. With five generations sharing the same house over the last one-hundred and thirty plus years, it could have been any one of so many people who had placed these items here. I know that Dave’s great-grandfather Jacob had been very much into family history and I assume that he’d probably had something to do with the items being carefully preserved.
One box contained old deeds and legal documents for land purchases and sales. I scanned the signatures and recognized so many of the names from old Fremont. Samuel and William McFall, W. B. Quarton, John Quincy White, George Akerman, David Byram, Johnnie’s dad John Baitsell and even my own great-great-grandfather Judson Wyman—so many of the signatures of men who were just down the road in the old timer’s cemetery.
It always amazes me, the pull I feel toward so many people from the past. Even before moving to Fremont or the time travels—those people from the past seem to have been always with me. Maybe every person feels that pull of the past like I do, but maybe not. I know that Dave feels it, though. Maybe that is the most important part of what had drawn us to each other, that connection to history and family.
The next box contained old greeting cards, mostly Christmas cards and I am talking old! I was pretty sure that many of them would be worth some serious money if for no other reason than the fancy artwork. There were Santa Claus characters, hearths, wreaths, decorated Christmas trees and wintery wonderland scenes. Most were in very good condition and as I looked at some of the notes inside the cards, the dates were from the mid-to late eighteen hundreds and early nineteen hundreds.
The writing was pretty hard to read under the low lighting but I was sure that I could find some interesting morsels of family history and happenings regarding Dave’s ancestors and probably many Fremont residents. Maybe even my Mills and Wyman family members had sent cordial season’s greetings to the McFall family. These are something that I need to take downstairs and spend some serious time with, I decided, so I placed the box up on top of the dresser.
The last large box was letters which to me seemed almost predictable. In fact, everything about this visit upstairs was beginning to seem almost cliché. Like a scene from so many novels or maybe something I had watched in about fifty made for TV movies.
The protagonist in some dramatic plot twist would innocently creep up a rickety set of stairs as scary violin strains would build to a crescendo. She would usually find all kinds of treasures or terrible secrets in a spooky attic room amid manikins and old bird cages. The important stuff of the scene was usually underneath a blanket and inside some old steamer chest which would open dramatically with the creaking of its rusty hinges—they were never contained inside an awesome fancy old ocean wave dresser with whimsical whales frolicking through the swirling sea.
The box probably had a couple of hundred letters which were still in their original envelopes. Briefly pulling up a few to examine the ancient stamps and post marks I could see that some were from over a century in the past. This was just too much of a temptation. I took the box to the bed and pulled back the bedspread to expose a clean spot before pulling up the rattan shade over the nearby window to add some extra light. I sat on the bed and ruffled through the letters, looking for, what I assumed would be the oldest ones because they were at the back of the box and so brittle and yellowed.
When I removed the first letter it struck me as so funny how it was addressed to simply William McFall Fremont, Iowa. Back that long ago, people would come to town and collect their mail from a central location, first the trading post and later the general store. I didn’t even know for sure when mail carriers had started delivering mail to the rural community.
The letter was dated 4 March, 1879 and had come from a John McFall in Watseka, Illinois. It started out ‘Greetings and Salutations Cousin’. I scanned briefly the contents and found that it was mostly about the health of family members in Illinois, which is where the McFall family had lived before moving to Iowa in the early eighteen-forties. The letter mentioned so many names and locations and I was sure that it could be full of important detail for Dave’s line in my family tree. I felt like I had just won the lottery!
I carefully placed the letter back in its fragile envelope and slipped it into its place in the box and moved ahead a couple of inches to another envelope and pulled it out. The postmark was more recent, 30 April, 1901. I opened the letter and read the brief note.


Dearest Cousin Jacob,

Let this note express to you our heart-felt sympathy regarding the untimely death of your dear father William. He was a great man and has left a rich legacy which should be ever comforting to you and yours. I understand that the services were lovely and that the church was filled to over-flowing with those in attendance to show their respect.

My husband James wanted me to pass along to you this message, ‘remember that the ebb and flow will never end’. I also wanted to second that reminder and add this bit of comfort—I felt it again, just last eve as we shared dinner with friends at their home. Like a sip of honey warming my throat as it was consumed or as if the gossamer wings of a butterfly were fluttering through my chest. That caress as they pass through, I cherish above all else, for it is the confirmation. The phantom whispers will forever be our gift. Take comfort in that truth and remember that you will see your father again. He will never be far from you.


The letter went on from there about everyday happenings and was signed by Genevieve McFall. I went back to the paragraph about her experience at dinner and read it again.
“Oh my God!” I said out loud as something about the words struck a chord with me.
I lay the letter aside and went to my boxes of documents and pulled out the album of my families letters. I have each one inside plastic protective sleeves and pressed open for easy reading. The tab for my great-great-grandma Rose Simpson Wyman had a certain letter that I was in search of. It had been written by her mother Jane in Ohio and written shortly after the death of Rose’s youngest sister Gertrude in 1875.
I found the letter and sat down with the album open upon my lap to read it. I skimmed the elegant handwriting of my great-great-great-grandmother Jane Johnston Simpson, looking for a certain part of the text. I had read this letter many times as I’d taken every bit of information from it that I could glean, for my genealogy research and it contained what had always seemed a very poetic closing to the letter which had gently broken the news to Rose of her sister’s death. Jane had described Gertrude’s last hours, the final services and even her plans for a burial marker. It had never meant anything to me years ago but now as I read the closing again, it almost seems as if it is an important cryptic message. It is so similar to the McFall letter.


Like the hum of bees in the endless fields of clover outside my kitchen window, I hear them as I go about my life. They whisper through us Rose and we whisper through them. Always remember, be mindful and listen closely.

With the deepest love to you and your family,
Mother


I reached across the bed and grabbed the other letter again. The words were slightly different but the message was clearly the same. It seemed almost as though they were describing the experience of warping—but on the receiving end. I was so engrossed in my own thoughts that my breath caught and I jumped as I was startled by Shadow’s sudden barking from downstairs and then Dave’s voice.
“Torie?” he called as I heard the front door close soundly.
“Up in the turret room!” I yelled as I quickly stood up and dropped the album on the bed and then hurried to slip the McFall letter back into its envelope.
I heard Dave taking the stairs two at a time and then he arrived at the door.
“I thought you were just looking for your box of documents,” he said, looking at the bed strewn with albums and then he looked at the dresser and the drawer that I had set aside. “Looks like you’ve been busy.”
He frowned at me as he crossed his arms over his chest, giving me a look that should have made me fear for my life but I just found myself noticing how his biceps were bulging out of the tight sleeves of his white tee. Admiring the way his jeans were hanging from his hips and how smokin’ sexy he was looking in his dusty leather work boots.
I started to put my things away as he crossed the room and joined me and tried to take a look at the letter I had the album opened to, so I closed it quickly. I didn’t want him to get a look at it and I wasn’t sure who I was protecting, him, me or the secret that I felt like I had just uncovered.
“I was hoping that you would let me put that dresser downstairs in one of the little second floor rooms. I was thinking maybe the small room with the round window. It looks like a porthole and this dresser could be the start of a nautical themed room. Do you think we could do that?” I asked as I closed the box of McFall letters and lifted it into my arms. “I want to take this box downstairs and the one on the dresser top full of old cards also. Is that okay?”
He took the box from my arms. “I will get them all downstairs for you. I’ll take these now and how about tonight Jeff and I will move the dresser?”
“That’s fine,” I agreed. “I would like my genealogy boxes brought downstairs also. I might find some things that will help with the book.”
Dave agreed to bring them all downstairs later in the day. For now, I took the sleeve of 1959 newspaper clippings and as Dave brought the McFall boxes, I pulled the bedspread back over the bare mattress, turned off the lights and followed him downstairs. He put the boxes on the desk in my office and after giving me a kiss, turned, heading for the door.
“Wait, what did you come home for?” I asked.
“Just making sure that you weren’t trying to do too much—looks like my hunch was right. I’ll bet that you would’ve brought all of these downstairs by yourself, huh?” 
“Are you going to continue to be so controlling of my every move until this baby comes? It could get very old you know.”
He gave me a grin before he came back to me and kissed me again. “Get used to it, sweetheart. You are my main concern in this life, like it or not. You’re stuck with me.”
“Like glue,” I agreed. “And I appreciate you, more than you know. Now back to work for both of us,” I said shooing him on his way with a wave of my hands.
He gave me a wink as he moved toward the door. “See you tonight. Shadow, keep an eye on her,” he ordered as his dog strolled into the room with a wagging tail. Dave reached down to give him a pet and then, whistling an unrecognizable tune, headed out.

***

Over the course of the next several weeks, in between my writing, I ended up going over most of the letters, both the McFall letters and all of those which were my families. I found a couple of other references to whispers and a sound that was mentioned more than once as a hum or a buzzing. It was usually at the end of a letter and never elaborated upon further. It read as though a reference to prayers or God or the Holy Spirit, at least to the casual reader.
I finally decided that I might just be reading more into them than was there. I had read the letters so often before and had never thought a thing about it until experiencing the time warps. Now I was probably giving meaning to words that were nothing more than sweet poetic sentiments.



Chapter 12


Torie
May 2013

“Did you leave any for the rest of the County or did you buy out every store in Oskaloosa?” Dave asked dryly as he started to unload one of the several boxes stuffed full of memorial wreaths from the back of my Pathfinder.
“Actually, I have been collecting them for a while if you must know, Mr. Smart Ass. I hit Des Moines pretty hard, too,” I confessed and stuck my tongue out at him playfully. He just grinned and gave me a sexy wink.
I took a few of the smaller arrangements in plastic sleeves with spiky points meant for driving into the ground and then pulled out a large bundle of American flags, enough to give one to each of our family’s war veterans.
Each of us loaded down, me with my arms full and Dave carrying a large box, started making our way through Cedar Township Cemetery. We were not the only ones; the cemetery was packed with Memorial Day visitors and the U-shaped drive was lined with trucks and cars all pulled off to the side of the gravel so as not to block traffic.
“Are you sure those aren’t too heavy?” Dave asked with concern regarding the colorful sprays of artificial flowers bedecked with ribbons and bows, which weighed roughly a few ounces each. He is very in tune with my pregnancy and not wanting me to overdo it although I am just in my twenty-third week according to the doctor and my baby bump has just recently, in the past couple of weeks, caused me to start wearing more loose fitting pants.
Actually I normally spend most of my time in sweats, capris or yoga pants; since I have begun taking a maternity fitness class at a fitness club in Oskaloosa, most mornings, to try and keep my weight gain under control. I’ve found that I really enjoy yoga which surprises me to no end.
I just gave Dave a roll of my eyes regarding his concerns and headed off toward my Mills line of relatives to begin. I noticed an older woman walking up the row in my direction after having just placed a bouquet of flowers on Lucy and Drew Mars’ graves.
“Hello,” I greeted her. I had never met her before, I was sure of that. She looked to be in her eighties and was very thin but spry for her age and dressed in a brightly-flowered blouse and royal-blue slacks with tennis shoes. “I noticed you were putting flowers on Lucy’s grave. Are you family of Drew?” I knew that she wasn’t any Mills family, at least none that live close by.
“Oh no,” she said with a smile as she looked beyond me to Dave as he joined us with his box full of flower arrangements.
“David, Hello. This must be your new wife.”
“Torie Mills,” I said in explanation nodding my head toward my great-great-grandfather Francis Mills’s headstone while struggling to get a hand free enough to clasp hers for a moment. I juggled the flags around before Dave set his box down and insisted on emptying my arms, putting the flowers and flags into his box.
“Look at you,” she said with a laugh taking in my tight tee and stretchy capris. My baby bump was definitely noticeable in the tighter shirt. “When are you due?”
“Not until the fall. We’re having a girl,” I offered.
“How wonderful,” she said turning back to point toward Lucy’s grave. “My mother and I helped to take care of Lucy at the end of her life.”
“Oh my gosh, really!” I said excitedly. “That’s amazing. Did you know her well?”
“Yes, I was born in 1925 so I was about twenty-three when she passed. Of course she was quite a bit older than myself or my mother. We lived just south of their place. My family name was Aldridge before I married. Frank Aldridge was my grandfather.”
“I know that surname well,” I confirmed.
“Torie is a genealogy fanatic, Edith,” Dave explained.
“Well, I used to be. I haven’t done much lately,” I corrected him. I hadn’t done much until the writing of my current novel and the secrets in the attic that have started drawing me back in.
“I was with Lucy when she passed, you know. As was her sister Molly and several of her old friends and her daughters were with her, as well. Her son Brian wasn’t there and neither was Drew because he had run into town for a prescription, I believe.”
The knowledge that this woman had actually known Lucy, someone who I had come to love dearly during my time travels, gave me goose bumps. “Edith, would you be able to tell me about it?”
“Of course,” she began then asked. “Did you know that Lucy loved cats?”
“No,” I said. I hadn’t ever had any warps with Lucy that had dealt with anything regarding animals.
“She loved them. She was absolutely crazy about them. My mother hated cats and kept tossing them outside when she was at her house caring for her, despite how it upset poor sweet Lucy and her in such miserable pain. Thinking about it now, I don’t know why I put up with my mother behaving that way and causing Lucy such stress, bedridden like she was—poor thing,” she said and shook her head as if to release the memory before she continued. “Several of the neighbors used to take shifts—spending time caring for her. On the day that she died I had come to relieve my mother and Molly and Lucy’s daughters had arrived just about that same time. As soon as my mother was out the door, of course, Lucy immediately asked her daughters to find her two housecats and get them inside. It was bitter cold out that day and the kitties were not farm cats; they were pampered pets. I was happy that Lucy had gotten to see them inside and safe before she slipped away.”
“She died of a heart attack according to the obituary and her death certificate.”
“Yes, but I never have thought so. You know that she had broken her ankle a few weeks before?” she asked, brushing an insect from her arm.
“She had been nursing it at the time that she died,” I nodded.
“She should have been in the hospital,” Edith said rather sharply. “She had gone down her steep driveway to get the mail and had slipped on ice. Being December and just before Christmas,” she paused thinking. “That fall left the poor old dear laying on her drive and struggling to get back to the house when finally a passerby on the road saw her and got her picked up off of the ground. The doctor was called and arrived but he wanted her in the hospital because it was a bad break and she probably should have had surgery or at the very least some intensive care but Drew wouldn’t hear of it. He didn’t want to pay the hospital bills, you see. She was cared for at home and had an infection set in. Her leg was very swollen and was riddled with streaks. I think the infection is probably what did her in. I think it was the blood poison that spread through her system and reached her heart.”
“Did she die slowly after the heart attack then and linger? How did her friends happen to be there when she passed?”
“No, she didn’t linger. The heart attack and death occurred on the same day. Her friends were just spending time and had brought her a couple of Christmas gifts that day. She was resting as comfortably as she could and then once her kitties were inside and safe she just took this large gasp of a breath and was gone,” she finished with a shake of her head.
“So the fall happened early December and she died on the twentieth of the month?”
“Just after two p.m.,” she nodded. “It was very sad, very upsetting for all of the ladies present. So you are descended from who?” she asked changing the subject and looking to the line of graves.
“Arlan and Virginia Mills,” I said motioning to their shared headstone.
“I never knew Arlan growing up. He was quite a bit older than me like Lucy was and he had moved to Des Moines shortly after he was grown. I do remember him coming back to Fremont for visits sometimes with his wife and children, though. I have many fond memories of your Mills family. My mother and I helped with taking care of Henry some in his older years, as well. Of course he died in the hospital I think, but I remember as a teenager going with Mother as she spent time at his home, helping out, after his wife Alice had died. Mother always was doing God’s work for the community,” she said and looked at her wrist watch. “Well, I had best be going. I still need to stop at New Sharon and leave some memorials for my family there, as well. It was nice to meet you, Torie. David I am happy for you and congratulations to you both on the baby.”
“Thank you, Edith. We’ll see you again I’m sure,” Dave said taking her hand for a moment.
“You got a name for your little one?” she looked to me with a warm smile.
“Rose. After my great-great-grandma,” I paused and then blurted. “Edith, could I call you sometime to talk some more about family history?” I didn’t even know it was going to come out of my mouth; it just came to me all at once and tumbled out. I just couldn’t stand the thought of letting this possible connection to my family slip away.
“I would love that. Maybe we could do lunch sometime. I’m in the book. Brooks is my last name. I am an old retired farm widow so I have plenty of time on my hands. You give me a call anytime, honey.”
“I’ll do that. Maybe you would come to my house and I will fix you a nice lunch,” I suggested. I was thinking already about dragging out my family albums and seeing what other details my photos might remind her of.
“Of course, just let me know when,” she agreed. “Have a wonderful Memorial Day weekend, kids.”
I stood before my grandpa Arlan’s grave and watched as Edith Brooks walked to the drive and her car. Dave was grinning at me when I finally came from my thoughts.
“I can see it in your expression. You are thinking about your tree and what else you can learn. You are so not over genealogy,” he laughed, taking up the box.
I just smiled at him and started removing and placing a remembrance on each grave. I have continued to tell Dave that I am done with genealogy except as it relates to my book but it is becoming more obvious all the time that it isn’t true. I spend entirely too much time, searching for references to time travel since finding the letters in the ocean dresser.
“I know. I have a disease, don’t I?” I asked as I straightened up from Arlan’s grave and lifted another wreath from the box.
“You are just obsessive. One of the things I love about you, babe,” he assured me.
“Okay, well I love that you love that about me,” I said and leaned in toward him and he moved the box to his hip to accept my warm kiss. “Now we have about a hundred graves to decorate so let’s get moving.”
I put an American flag at Albert and Wyatt’s graves who had both served in World War I. It is ironic that Wyatt had served a year at the end of the war in France in 1918 where he had avoided the bombs, bullets, mustard gas and the flu pandemic that had decimated the forces after everything else that they had endured and he had managed to come home to his Jennie unscathed but then had died of the flu, after all, in the winter of 1927. He rests alone here in Cedar Township Cemetery. Jennie is buried in Abel cemetery just east of Fremont, out in Keokuk County, and is beside her second husband, whom she was married to for over forty years. Much longer than the fifteen years that she’d spent as the wife of Uncle Wyatt.
As I stood back and looked at Wyatt’s resting place, I couldn’t help but think about my time warp with him when I had been his new bride Jennie. I remember him gently holding me in his arms after we had made love and he whispering to me that he hoped that a baby would be coming in nine months. It had never happened and because Jennie had gone on to have two boys with her second husband, I have to believe that Wyatt must have had a problem that had prevented them from conceiving in all of their years of marriage.
Dave doesn’t know about that time travel and there really is no reason to say anything about it now. I have it all inside my head, though, as vivid as though it had happened yesterday. I can remember everything, the emotions and the slight pain of their first encounter, as if it is a memory that belongs to me, although it doesn’t. It had belonged to Jennie but it is hard to separate it from me within my own mind.
Jennie’s grave in Abel cemetery will be our third stop after Helm cemetery which is just off of the pavement about a half a mile from Grandpa Henry’s ‘in town’ house. The county line and Keokuk County are just east of Fremont and both Abel and Helm cemeteries are out that way. Dave has several Cameron family members buried in those cemeteries, as well. After those stops, we will make the drive to the town of Ottumwa and the cemetery where my cousin Cindy Mills Thompson and her five murdered children rest.
As we move through the cemetery and place our offerings, it isn’t just a symbolic gesture of respect for unknown family. I had spent time with Lucy as well as inhabiting her body. I have inhabited Molly Mills Worth and Grandma Alice. I had felt Mahala Wyman’s sickness just before she’d died and I had mourned the death of Grandpa Judson when I had inhabited Grandma Rose during my very first travel.
As we moved next to Dave’s family plot and I placed a spray at the head of Joshua McFall’s grave, I thought about Joshua as I had known him as a handsome young man. I can recall everything about being Ivy and making love with Joshua when Ivy had been pregnant with their only child, their daughter Katie McFall, just as I am now pregnant with my own child.
That feeling of Katie moving within Ivy’s womb which I can still recall in detail is the same sensation that I can feel now in my own body. It amazes me every day how similar the experience is and so odd that I already knew the feeling before it had ever happened in my own body, from experiencing it with Katie and over one hundred years ago.
“I know all of these people,” Dave said quietly, looking at the large headstone for his third great grandfather Samuel McFall as he bent to place a wreath and then straightened up, looking around at the scattered family around him. “I saw Samuel with a plow out in front of him as he broke the sod,” he said and pointed to his great-great-grandfather William’s grave. “I knew William as a young man and I know now that it had been William who had been giving me shit for not knowing which horse went in which stall when we had been trimming the hooves of draft horses together during one of my first warps,” he said and laughed.

***

In the end, it took a bit longer at the cemetery than I’d anticipated because I ended up deconstructing a few of the memorials so that they could be divided further and we placed small offerings on the grave of Dr. Jacob Krout and his family, Johnnie Baitsell and his dad, Octavius Waltman and his wife Susan McFall Waltman, all people that we had known once upon a time in our time travels.
Dave also wanted to put an offering on the grave of Andrew and Amelia McFall and although he didn’t say anything, I knew that he was thinking about the beautiful young Amelia McFall and probably remembering making love to her during his time travel at the barn raising. I don’t mind because it belongs to him and I know that he probably feels the same emotions regarding Amelia McFall as I feel toward my love scene played out with Wyatt Mills.
As we finally made our way to my Pathfinder, we decided that we are going to need to either stock up more for next year or reduce our list. It seems impossible to think that way, though; because these people, as we had strolled and found each of them—were and are important to us and all of them are deserving of a remembrance.



Chapter 13


Torie

I rolled into the entrance at Grandma Rose’s house and parked along the edge of the drive behind Dave’s work truck. Being late in the day, the only other vehicle was John’s dark-green Malibu. I just sat in my truck for a few minutes, looking at the house and remembering all of the experiences associated with it. Great memories from my travels when I’d spent time with my family back in the eighteen hundreds. This place is full of so many fleeting glimpses of memory of those people from old Fremont, which are my memories but don’t truly belong to me.
I climbed out of the truck and walked on the brick walkway, admiring the late summer flower beds which John had added and meticulously manages. I stepped up onto the porch, pulled the screen door open and as I did, a bell chimed. John came from the dining room with a curious expression on his face. He was obviously not expecting visitors.
“Just me,” I greeted him with a smile, as I admired once more the striking staircase which defines the foyer. I looked up toward the second floor and at the Wyman and Mills family photographs that still set off the staircase. John had added name plates beneath and low lighting above each photograph and it was a very impressive addition.
“Hi, Torie. Dave is out somewhere around the center,” he informed me.
“I just wanted to take a look around if you don’t mind. I haven’t been in here for…” I paused, trying to recall the last time and realized that I hadn’t been here since we had moved my things out.
“We’re starting our ninth month and actually just passed another milestone last week—our one-hundredth tour.”
“That’s amazing!” I marveled. “Congratulations, John. That’s quite an accomplishment.”
“Look at you!” John chuckled. “You are positively glowing. When is the baby due again?”
“I still have nearly two more months, believe it or not. Rose Lynn is due the end of September.” I smoothed my hand over my large baby bump camouflaged slightly beneath a loose fitting sleeveless summer top.
“I love the name. Well, I was just going to turn off the computer and get ready to close up. You go ahead and have a look around. Take your time—and feel free to enter any of the rooms. Just unhook the ropes at the post to let yourself in.”
“Thank you, John.”
John turned to go back to the dining room which still contains the mahogany wainscot, forest-green striped wallpaper and furnishings which I had added shortly after my travels had begun. I saw that he had designated a portion of this room, around the corner and out of the view of visitors entering the house, as a front desk and resource station.
I followed him and then passed him by as I pushed through the swinging door to the kitchen and propped the door open on the door stop.
“The pie safe looks great in here, doesn’t it?” I called. I opened one of the doors to find a delicious looking plastic apple pie inside.
“Sure does. I looked it up and it’s from the 1890 time frame or thereabouts,” John said as he came to glance into the kitchen. “What year was the photograph you have of the pie safe?”
“Oh, that one is from 1910 but I think that this one is more authentic to the time the house was built. I am pretty sure that my grandma Rose had an earlier one.” Actually I was positively sure because I had seen it on several occasions.
“I think most homes had a pie safe for keeping the baked goods,” he said nodding, then turned and headed back into the dining room. “We appreciate you finding it.”
“No problem. Glad to be able to get it for you,” I said as I closed the pie safe door and looked around the kitchen, smoothing my hand along the center island, wistfully remembering so many times from my living here.
I strolled back out front and to the right of the foyer, I looked into Rose’s front room from the threshold. The antique furnishings, oil lamp, old family photos and rocking chairs were as they had been when I had left the house. I had removed my personal possessions but had left everything that I had gathered from my artifact hunts online and road trips with Dave.
If I had my old tintype of Rose and Judson sitting in their bent cane rockers in this front room back in 1883, in hand and if I were to hold it up, the room would be a perfect recreation of the scene. In fact, a large copy I’d had made of that original tintype was framed and on the wall just above the fireplace; John had left everything intact. I unhooked the eyelet of the gold velvet rope, letting myself in and hooked the rope again behind me.
The society had added plaques with detailed explanations of life in the eighteen hundreds around the room before important features. Track-lighting showcased certain photographs and antiques, including the mantel clock which I had added. It was something that I had picked up at an estate sale out in Keokuk County last year.
The hearth contained a stack of logs and still had the fancy brass fireplace guard I had found during a trip that Dave and I had taken last year. I had found it at a little shop in Omaha and it very nearly matched the flowered and scrolled screen Rose had used in here in 1885.
I reached out to touch the rustic oak fireplace mantel and admired a small portrait of Arlan and Wyatt in a round silver frame. They were young boys and dressed in their Sunday best with their hair slicked back. I haven’t looked at my actual Mills family tree or family photos for many months now. Not since I had asked Dave to bring my genealogy research boxes down from the third floor—I haven’t even cracked them open because I have been just too occupied with the McFall’s family tree and their stash of letters that I had found. Then writing Where Evil Lived has quickly become my obsession and has taken almost all of my attention.
I walked across the room and with a sigh, took a seat in Rose’s rocking chair, using my foot to push it into motion. I lifted the framed photograph from the side table next to me of my great-grandma Alice and her sisters Emily and Ivy. How stupid, I thought, as I felt tears come to my eyes when I was hit with a wave of homesickness. Homesick for these people and for the times that I’d shared with them.
This is crazy, I thought. Missing my mom, those thoughts that can still cause a pain so deep inside me that it can take my breath away; those are mine, really mine—not these people or this place. This heartsick longing for people who lived a hundred years ago and never even knew that I exist is ridiculous. This is just twisted, I scolded myself silently.
I leaned back in the chair and fluttered my eyes as I attempted to keep the tears at bay and looked to the blue and cream-flowered pattern of the ceiling paper, trying to get ahold of my most likely pregnancy-heightened emotions. This is so much more difficult than I’d ever imagined that it would be. The heavy feeling of missing family and loss that I have as I look about the room at all of my own memories and the memories of the people who had once lived and died in this old house, are both wonderful and painful at the same time.
I put the photograph back on the side table and leaned heavily on the arms of the rocker as I lifted my awkward, rounded self from the chair. I took another minute to admire the large family portrait of my great-great-great grandmother Jane Johnston Simpson and her twelve children. John had added a brief biography of the Simpson family below it on a brass plate along with subtle track lighting.
He had also done the same for the portrait of my great-great-grandfather Francis Mills and his wife Esther and their four girls. Oh the girls, I thought wistfully and moved closer to study their familiar faces. A tear slipped from my eye and I quickly wiped it off of my face. Definitely feeling my messed up hormones, I thought as I tried to shake the feeling of missing them all and pulled myself away from the pictures, letting myself out of the room. I stretched the velvet rope back across the threshold and then started up the stairs, admiring again my family portraits as I climbed.
Strolling along the hall of the second floor of Rose’s house I paused at each of the bedrooms, which were roped off with gold velvet. I just peeked into each room from the hallway—remembering. The Wyman boy’s room, which the youngest two had shared all of their growing up years until their oldest brother had moved out on his own, still held two twin beds and a matching dresser with mirror.
Having just five bedrooms, it was the oldest boy and girl who were allowed the privacy of their own room until finally they were all up and out and just the youngest, Mahala, had remained. Mahala had lived alone in the house with her parents, then Mahala and Rose and finally just Rose living all alone in this big old house after Mahala had passed away.
I had tried to recreate the rooms as near to exact as possible, once I’d started warping. I had sneaked my digital camera back and forth in the secret closet as I’d taken photographs and then had painstakingly searched the Internet and purchased items, during my time living here. Thinking about it now, I was totally out of control with my obsession. I’d known the UPS man by his first name and for a while he had been bringing box after box to my house every day except Sunday.
I shook my head remembering and moved on down the hall and entered the bathroom which I had always adored. I looked around with nostalgic appreciation at the lovely old world touches Dave and I had added. I ran my hand along the smooth surface of the claw-foot tub and admired the fancy wooden side table with its jars of bath salts and dried flowers which were exactly as I had left them.
Coming back out, I made my way across to the front of the house, unhooked the velvet rope and entered Grandma Rose’s bedroom. The dresser still held the portrait of Rose and my great-great grandfather Judson and their young children, taken just days before they’d left Ohio for their journey to Iowa, back in early 1868.
I took a seat on the edge of the bed covered by the fancy 1878 flower-embroidered bedspread which is something that I had added. I’d found it on eBay and it had cost me three-hundred-dollars and it had been almost exactly what Rose had used on her bed so I hadn’t even messed around with trying to win a bidding war, I’d just bought it. Boom! Nailed it! If it was something that I’d wanted, no amount of money had been too much. I had been a real sicko back then, I reflected now.
The style I had chosen for the room had been built around this bedspread and the timeframe of around 1878. I had seen the room in many configurations and many different styles that had come and gone as Rose’s tastes had changed over the years but the style that I’d always felt most attached to had been this 1878 bedroom. I sat on the bed now and looked about the large gracious space, remembering all of the nights that Dave and I had spent in this room, exploring our new love for each other and time traveling together. Once he had joined me in the travels, neither of us had been able to get enough of it. Dave had been every bit as in tune with those in the past as I had. I had loved having someone to share it all with.
I stood from the bed and moved to the wall near the closet and got carefully down on my knees, pressed the door in the appropriate places to release the band and the secret door popped open. This is something that I haven’t even told John about and it will always be my own little secret.
As the door swung open I saw that inside, lying upon a white linen handkerchief, was a large gold oval-shaped locket and chain. It was engraved with a spray of roses and delicate leaves and stems. It was perfectly positioned on the kerchief and the chain was carefully laid out around the locket. It is nothing that I added to the closet, is it? I wondered, trying to think back. I lifted it out, closed the door and awkwardly came to my feet, taking a seat on the bed again.
The handkerchief had blue and pink rose blossoms with green leaves and stems, embroidered around the edges. The letters RSW, in fancy pink script were along one corner. I opened the locket and inside I found two tiny tintype miniatures on either side of the interior under glass. They were the children of Rose and Judson Wyman; the three boys on the left and the four girls on the right.
I had never seen Rose wearing this locket during my travels. I have never seen it period—at least not that I can recall and I usually have a mind like a steel trap. I can recite twelve generations of my grandparents; I know stories from several centuries of my family’s history, so how could I have forgotten something as simple as placing this locket in the closet? Maybe it had been around the time of Dave’s last time travel. That experience had been devastating for me and I suppose that it could have just slipped my mind in the aftermath.
A light tap at the door drew my attention and caused me to jump. I looked up to see Dave at the threshold.
“I didn’t mean to startle you, honey,” he apologized as he entered the room, crossing his arms over his chest and looking around as he entered.
“Dave, did you put this in the closet during our warps?” I asked, lifting the locket and handkerchief up so that he could see them.
He came to join me on the edge of the bed and took the locket from my hand, opening it and admiring the photos.
“Nope, nothing that I’ve ever seen,” he shook his head and turned it over to look at the back. “No date. It’s nice though. It looks like it is really old.”
“I just found it—just now in the closet,” I said and looked up to his eyes.
Dave handed the locket back to me and raked a hand through his hair as he shook his head.
“That’s weird. You probably put it in there and just forgot about it. It got so crazy towards the end—that I wouldn’t be surprised if you just forgot about it,” he suggested and leaned back, bracing himself on his hands behind him on the bed, as he looked about the room. “This house is really something isn’t it? I love all the touches that John has added but you did such a great job on it, Torie.” He leaned over to kiss my shoulder softly, then stood and walked around the bed and crossed to look out of the sheers and down at the front yard.
As I stood from the bed, he turned to observe me as I joined him at the window. He welcomed me to stand before him and smoothed his hand over my abdomen as he dropped a kiss on my neck while we both looked below and quietly admired the manicured lawn and picket fencing. He wrapped his other arm around my neck as he stood behind me with his chest snug against my back.
“I still miss it, damn it,” he admitted in a quiet whisper, placing his lips against my ear. Just by the tone of his voice, I could tell that he hated to even say it out loud but at the same time, I heard longing. “I miss it so much sometimes and I wish that we could have figured out a way to control it. I wouldn’t have ever stopped if only…”
“Dave, I know. I feel the same but we need to just forget about it. It scares me to even think about it. We have a baby coming and we need to move beyond all of that somehow but with us living in your family’s house, you always working out here and me working on the book about the murders—I think we are gluttons for punishment,” I said softly with a laugh.
He lightly cradled my stomach and dropped a kiss behind my ear. “Just wishful thinking is all. You’re right, working here makes it all come rushing back. I’m sure that we’ll get over it eventually but it probably won’t be any time soon,” he predicted. “Hey!” he said, his voice taking on an excited quality. “You feel up for a little trip to the center? I want to show you something.”
I turned in his arms and looked up into his eyes as he kissed my lips and I nodded. I placed the locket and handkerchief into the pocket of my pants, thinking as I did so, that I am going to break out my family tree and look at all of the photos from the past and see if I can find the locket hanging around anyone’s neck. Yeah, I thought to myself, I can tell that it’s going to be a long time before I will be letting the past go!, while hand in hand Dave and I left the room and replaced the velvet rope across the threshold.



Chapter 14


Dave

We paused on the way out of the house to call a good-bye to John, who was at his computer at the resource desk.
“John, you take care and we’ll see you later. I’m going to show Torie around the new place before we head out.”
“Sure, I was just heading home. Margaret has dinner waiting on me. Torie, you take care and stop by whenever you want to take a look around the place. Don’t be a stranger.”
“I won’t,” Torie promised, as I took her hand and led her outside.
“Let’s take the truck.” I suggested opening the passenger door and was quick to assist Torie up with a hand I held at the ready. The step up into the cab was a little more difficult for her these days.
It was a short drive just around the right side of the large red barn and the newly grated gravel drive. The learning center is a long, low one story building which is not visible until you pass the barn. Once around the back of the barn, it spreads out across what had been the five acres of pastureland starting at the east end of the barn and heading on east. The building has been all framed in, sided and the roof is complete. On the outside it has the look of a beautiful Victorian estate but on the inside, it is going to be state of the art. No one will know that from looking at the outside, though.
I parked outside the learning center in one of the twenty parking spaces that skirt the front entrance and hurried around to open Torie’s door. I assisted her with a hand out and continued to hold her hand as we strolled up onto the front porch with its fancy turned posts and scrolled brackets which match the Wyman house. The entire length of the thirty thousand square foot building is wrapped with wooden porches and spindled banisters. Although it is still in progress, eventually there will be wooden benches and flower boxes around the entire building. The society is planning for those types of additions to be projects for the high school wood working and shop classes to accomplish once they begin having sessions.
Torie stepped forward to take a brief look in the front windows but found that, at this point, it is simply full of stacks of materials and that’s about it. We walked along the porch and off onto a sidewalk which edges the building and headed off to the north. I came to a stop before I let her turn the corner and stepped in front of Torie, holding her gently by her shoulders.
“Okay, remember when I was so determined to get back to the gazebo?”
“How could I forget? Obsessed is more like it.”
“Okay and you always wanted to see what?”
“The high school—you mean you already have it done?” she asked in amazement.
“It is getting very close to being a reality. You ready to see it all?”
Torie nodded with excitement as I took her hand and we rounded the side of the learning center building. Just before us, it was as if we were walking along the old Main Street of Fremont and looking at the town square, approaching the scene as Torie had when on horseback during her time warp with her ancestors, when she had been a young Molly Mills. She had told me about that ride and the excitement that she had felt as she had gotten her first glimpse of the old square. It had been one of our favorite time warps and we had discussed it often.
“Oh, my gosh. It’s beautiful,” Torie squealed.
“Building this makes me feel like that movie about aliens and that guy making mountains out of shaving cream and potatoes,” I chuckled.
“Close Encounters of the Third Kind,” Torie said with a laugh.
“Yeah that’s it, but instead of pulling up my shrubberies and building it in my living room, I get to build it all for real. It’s a blast bringing it all into reality,” I admitted.
The first building on the east side of the square is the drugstore where Torie and I had gone for a fountain drink during the first time warp that we had shared. Torie stepped up onto the wooden walkway that stretches around the three sides of the square and used her hand to shield her eyes from the sunlight as she looked into the front window. It is still just a wooden shell of the finished plan for the interior, but the soda fountain counter has already been roughed out and the pharmacist’s window and shelves back behind are already in place and will hold replicas of old prescription bottles and jars.
“Could we go in?” she asked and turned to find me watching her and enjoying her reaction. Her face was full of excitement. “It is amazing,” she added, squeezing my hand.
“Thank you and sure we can go in.” I reached into my jeans pocket to remove a ring and used a skeleton key to open the door.
The room smelled strongly of fresh lumber and a fine dusting of sawdust covered the wooden counters and hardwood floors. I followed Torie inside as she went directly to the soda fountain. She touched the countertop and brushed some sawdust off onto the floor before she moved back behind the counter. She stepped up to the pharmacist’s cage looking down on me from the raised platform.
“That caged part will be roped off, of course. I envision some aspects to be like Living History Farms in Des Moines. John thinks that he can find volunteers to man the general store, this soda fountain and other shops, offering old fashioned candy for sale—things like that.”
“Absolutely! I am in awe of it,” Torie agreed, as she looked down at me from on high and pointed to the fountain drink counter. “I remember that the counter top was shiny cherry wood. The fountain had a fancy brass spigot with flowers and scrolls and the soda shot out really fast. Do you remember that?”
“I remember that I was in such a daze that I had to be told by you to look in my pants pocket for some money to pay. I remember looking at the old coins and trying to figure out what was what. I remember that I had several Indian head nickels and was thinking about how odd it was. You ended up telling me to hold my hand out and you picked out the correct amount of money and handed it to the pharmacist. I was in such a total fog.”
“It’s so funny what was important to you compared to what I considered important during our warps. I remember that the pharmacist had a handlebar mustache and he wore a bright green bow tie. Behind the soda fountain counter were large jars of brightly-colored hard candies. One was full of old-fashioned ribbon candy with a sign that read ‘Just in from out East’.”
I smiled at her excited face as she recalled the details fondly. I crossed my arms over my chest, looking about the room. “This may end up being the best investment we will ever make.”
We had decided to fund the building of the old town square and school ourselves so that I could be in full charge of the construction and there wouldn’t be any conflict of interest regarding our sizable stake in the Wyman house and its non-profit status. I had hired a crew of about thirty area craftsmen and the project was coming together quicker than I had ever anticipated.
“Ready to move on?” I asked.
Torie nodded, stepping down from her perch and preceded me out the door. We continued along the wooden walkway as Torie paused to look into the windows of the dry goods store, furniture and funeral parlor, the Emporium tintype studio. Torie had suggested the name—although the original Emporium she had gone to with her family back in about 1885 had been located along the old downtown, south of Main.
“The studio will be someplace where people can dress up in old-fashioned clothes and have tintype style photographs taken,” I explained as she peeked through the window.
“That’s a cool idea. They do that at Adventureland in Des Moines. When you start looking for old-style costumes, I want to be in on that. I would love to be involved in finding and ordering things.”
“Sure,” I said. “I’m hoping that you will help me with all of the details that you remember, so that we can make the interiors as exact as possible.”
We moved on and at one of the wheel-spoke walkways that lead to the gazebo she stepped off the raised boardwalk and we strolled along the brick sidewalk.
“We would have been sitting about there,” she remembered, pointing to a grassy spot. “When we got back with the soda I remember that the band was playing songs that were so popular to everyone in the crowd except you and me. We just followed suit and reacted to match everyone around us as they had applauded wildly for each tune.”
We took the few steps up into the gazebo and Torie sighed. “It is just lovely, Dave,” she said as she looked up at the geometric pattern the wooden slats make that form the hexagon roof.
“It’s still early but we have already run the electrical and old fashioned light posts will be scattered around the square. The plan is to have small outdoor concerts held here during the spring and summer months. This will be white-washed and have the lattice beneath the stage and it will have the same kind of flower baskets hanging from the railings,” I explained.
“I remember all of the flower baskets,” Torie nodded.
“Those are still in the future, but I think that the detail so far is pretty much spot on,” I said.
“I agree,” Torie nodded and leaned against the far railing and looked passed me, back toward the entrance to the square. A nice evening breeze was picking up and lightly ruffled her hair. “It is so odd to look at it from this angle. We never got back to the gazebo and we never set foot in the original,” she said, smoothing a strand of hair from her face.
“Nope, but now we can visit it any time we want,” I promised and looked at my wristwatch. “Hmmm—we need to get moving because the sprinklers will be kicking on to water the sod in about a half an hour.”
Torie agreed and then paused before she stepped down from the gazebo steps and pointed over the false fronts of the west side buildings of the square.
“Wow, Dave. I can see the bell tower of the school, just like in the warp,” she marveled. “You have it exactly right.”
“Let’s go and take a look,” I said and reached for her hand.
It was almost as if she was being drawn to it, as if it was pulling her toward it. She kept the tower in sight as we walked back to Main Street and headed on along what would have been west, along the front edge of the square.
“Dave, can we go inside of it, too?” she asked softly as we moved closer to the corner of the last building on the west side of the square.
“Sure, just remember it isn’t quite done.”
“I can’t believe everything is so exact and the way that the tower of the school is visible from the square. I remember seeing it when we arrived at the gazebo to watch the band and wishing that I could go on along the road and see the school.”
“Please keep in mind that it isn’t near being done. I’ve been using some of the photos from the genealogical society to get the features just right. The masons just finished up with the brick exterior a week ago and carpenters have just started on the interior work. It took me forever to get the topography correct so that it set just high enough to peek over the buildings on the square.”
“It looks exactly like it did. It’s perfect,” Torie confirmed as we rounded the corner and there it was, the old 1890 Fremont high school, in all of its glory. Torie came to a stop.
“Oh, wow! That is so cool,” she exclaimed.
I was over the top excited by her reaction. I was hoping that it was going to be a wow moment when people first got a glimpse of it. It is imposingly large and it appears to be two full stories, with windows up and down, just like the original but it is an illusion.
“It just looks as though it’s two stories. Inside it is only one,” I explained.
“But still, wow! It’s amazing,” Torie said and nudged my shoulder softly. “You are incredible. Have I mentioned that to you lately, boss?”
“Come on,” I said with a laugh.
We walked up the sidewalk, passed newly planted saplings sprinkled across the small grounds. Before we climbed up the three steps and I used my keys again to unlock the double doors, pulling one of the doors open and holding it for Torie.
It was still early in the finishing process and the interior rooms were only framed in but there will be four separate rooms off the main entry, two on either side and each one will have examples of different styles of historically accurate classrooms beginning in 1890 and the last will be from about 1915. It hadn’t been long after that when the building had been torn down to make room for the next school.
“Okay,” I said as we entered the main lobby. I pointed to the rooms as I described it for her. “So imagine some to-scale desks and chalkboards, maps and portraits of old presidents and old books on the desks. Oh and pot-belly stoves! I found a manufacturer who can make them to scale. Whatever else I can’t find, I’ll have to order custom or make myself.”
We entered one of the framed in rooms and Torie roamed around the space, taking in the high ceilings and looking from a window to the back grounds.
“I have several photos of the interiors from 1910 and later,” she offered.
“John had those from the Forever Fremont project. You provided them for that book right?”
“Yes. Some of my photos were included.”
“John had some other shots of the interior features. It will be amazing,” I said softly.
Torie approached and lightly ran her hands over my chest and I slipped my arms around her waist.
“We better get you girls home and get some dinner. What do you think?”
Torie nodded her agreement. “Hey,” she said. “By the way, the book is finished and I sent it off to Nancy today. The final edit should be done by the end of August.”
“That soon? I haven’t heard from the state yet regarding a meeting with Thompson. We need to get that arranged but what with the baby coming…”
“I know and there’s no rush. Once you meet with Thompson, we can decide what we do from there. I have been thinking and now that I’m finished with Where Evil Lived I think that I might change gears again and do a children’s book.”
I dropped a kiss on her mouth. “You just never stop, woman. Don’t you want some time off?”
“It’s just in the thinking stages right now,” she assured me, looking up into my eyes shyly.
“Right,” I said in disbelief. “What’s the title?”
“Rosebud’s Bows,” Torie admitted with a laugh. “I want a special story to read to her at bedtime.”



Chapter 15


Torie

“Hey, little namesake, I’ve been waiting for this day for about thirty years,” Mindy crooned, swaying side to side as she studied the little dark-haired bundle in her arms. “Rose Lynn. It suits her so well, Torie,” she decided and smiled at me.
“I know. I think she’ll probably have a ton of nicknames but our pinky swear from when we were eight years old has finally been honored,” I laughed and then grimaced. “Ouch. I really hope that nurse is done pushing on my stomach because I am so sore.”
Dave smoothed his hand gently over my stomach. “You’ve been through a lot,” he agreed.
“How long was it?” Mindy asked.
“Nine hours. I don’t think that’s too bad, considering she was my first.”
“Connor was twelve hours of labor and two hours of pushing,” Mindy said.
“Me?” Connor piped up.
“You,” Mindy nodded. “And you have been a little slow poke ever since.”
Conner and Luke both laughed at that remark.
I adjusted myself in the bed as Dave took a seat beside me.
“Mom!” Connor groused. “I’m sitting down,” he confirmed. It was Mindy’s prerequisite to allowing him to hold his new pseudo cousin.
“Just give me a couple more minutes, kiddo. I haven’t held a newborn for years,” Mindy said softly, lifting Rose Lynn to lightly sniff her dark hair that is so thick that you can’t even see her scalp. She has one little swirling cowlick at the very back of her head, but otherwise her hair is perfect and having so much of it, it looks like she is wearing a wig.
“I love the smell of babies,” Mindy sighed. “She has the best hairline with a low forehead. I think she looks a lot like Sarah. What do you think?”
“I think so, too. Did you see the post I put on Facebook with a picture of her?” Mindy shook her head. “You will need to check out the comments everyone has added. They all have a different opinion about who she resembles. It’s pretty amusing. Margo thinks she looks like my mom. Dad thinks she looks like me when I was a baby.”
“Yeah, I can see you in her I think, and your mom,” Mindy agreed and smiled at me. I could read it in her eyes, that she knew what I was thinking as I returned her smile. Mindy knows me like no one else. I was thinking that I wish that my mom could have lived long enough to meet her third grandchild.
“Torie, your mom would have adored her,” she said.
“Dave’s family claims that she has the McFall ears and chin,” I added.
“Not a bad thing,” Mindy said, giving Dave a flirty wink before looking back to Rose. “Your daddy is some fine lookin’ eye candy.”
Dave grinned and chuckled with a roll of his eyes. He is wise to Mindy and all of her little sexual innuendo-filled remarks.
We are currently staying in one of the private suites at Mercy Medical Center in Des Moines which is kinda special because I was born at Mercy as well, so Rose Lynn and I will share that interesting bond. Dave had been such a great birthing coach and he had helped me in so many ways. He had been there with back rubs or an arm to hold as I had walked about the room to try and get the labor moving. Later, when I couldn’t stand anymore or hardly talk for that matter, he was ready with ice chips in between each pain and encouragement, without me even needing to ask. I appreciated that he was so attentive but when I got totally bitchy and started cussing a blue streak at him, well, he had been great at those times also. He had watched Rose Lynn emerge, he had cut the cord, and he had been the first to hold her. Best husband and daddy ever.
While Dave had stood at the lighted warming table watching a nurse take all of Rose Lynn’s vitals; putting her bracelets on and all those newborn necessities, Joan, the nurse attending to me had blotted my forehead as she had said, “I love being around couples like you two. You are why I got into labor and delivery. Such fun to watch and you both made me shed a tear with your reactions—just beautiful, Torie.”
It had made me shed a tear also. The joy on Dave’s face and just how excited and animated he had been will be an image and memory that I will always cherish. His reaction had everyone in the delivery room a little choked up.
“Mom,” Connor whined. “Come on.”
“Okay,” Mindy relented. She grabbed a spare pillow off of a chair and added it to Connor’s lap before she crouched beside him and placed Rose into his arms but she kept her hands close by in case the need arose. Eight-year-old Connor grinned at his ability to take on such a big responsibility.
“She’s so tiny,” he said in a soft, awe-filled voice. “Was I ever this little, Mom?”
Mindy turned to grin at me, enjoying the idea that her son was holding my daughter. “Even smaller—you were only six pounds and three ounces. Rose outweighs you by two whole ounces.”
“My turn,” Luke announced, bouncing up and down while flailing his dangling legs as he waited impatiently.
“Luke, I just got her. You wait your turn,” Connor ordered and then laughed as Rose stirred and gave a big yawn. “Mom, did you see that? I think she was trying to laugh at what I said.”
“Do you think so?” Mindy asked.
Rose Lynn’s hand came loose of the swaddling blanket and Connor pointed to her fingers.
“Look at how little her fingernails are. Her hand is so tiny. I can’t believe that I used to be this little,” he marveled.
Rose started to wriggle a bit more and I thought that she was probably going to need to be fed soon. Mindy lifted her from Connor’s lap.
“Okay, buddy. You get to hold her for a minute,” she said as she transferred the pillow to six-year-old Luke’s lap. “Then we need to get going and let Aunt Torie get some rest.”
“Okay,” Luke squealed as he reached up with his little arms.
“Now hold your legs still, Luke,” Mindy ordered. “Ready?”
“Yeah! Yeah!” Luke said with a huge nod as Mindy laid Rose across the pillow and he cradled her head in the crook of his arm.
“You both are pros at this baby holding business already,” Dave said. “I guess we know where we can find some babysitters when we need some help, huh guys?”
Both boys grinned at Dave and you could see the pride that they felt at his vote of confidence in their abilities. Luke looked at Rose Lynn and rocked gently in his seat, side to side.
“I’ll babysit her,” Luke agreed. “This is easy.”
“You can leave her with us anytime,” Mindy offered. “Although she will need to learn how to play football and roller hockey as soon as possible. That’s a requirement around our crazy household, right boys?”
“I’ll teach her,” Luke offered. “But I think we need to teach her to walk first,” he said seriously, looking at the tiny person in his arms, which caused everyone to laugh.



Chapter 16


Dave
October 2013

I slowed and stopped my truck at the heavily gated entrance to the Anamosa State Penitentiary and flipped my sun visor down, grabbing the letter that was stored there, and had it ready when the guard came from his small glassed-in booth.
I nodded. “Good morning.”
I handed off the letter with the official seal of the state of Iowa and signed by both Mark Thompson and the warden of the maximum security prison.
“I need to see some ID,” the burly and bald mountain of a man requested gruffly.
I shifted slightly and reached into the back pocket of my jeans and pulled out my billfold, handing him my driver’s license.
“Thank you, Mr. Cameron. Do you know where you’re headed?”
“No, not really,” I admitted as I accepted my license back. He finished up a note on his clipboard, handed me back the letter and then went into the booth, returning with a map. He handed the clipboard into me for my signature, and then when I gave it back to him, he used the firm surface as he marked on the map.
“You are here,” he said and circled the gate. “You take the drive around the right to the main building, park in the visitor’s spaces here, near the front. You will be entering by the large tower and the reception area and check in station will be just inside. You’ll be required to go through a metal detector and you will need to present your letter again. A guard will escort you from there into the infirmary. I’ll call ahead and Thompson will be expecting you.”
I nodded as the guard waved to another man in the crow’s nest overlooking the entrance and the steel gate of the fortress began to slowly roll back and I headed in. The huge sandstone colored Gothic structure looked more like a museum or maybe a castle in England, rather than a maximum security prison. With all of the fancy turrets and detail, it was easy to see why it is on the National Register of Historic Places. I parked in the visitors section and bounded up the steps to the front entrance, taking them two at a time.
I felt my stomach start to churn in nervous anticipation. What a rush! I was about to actually meet, face to face, with the man who, last time I had seen him, had been standing over me as I inhabited his young son and had lain helpless on the ground while he had calmly cocked a Winchester rifle, placed it against my head and with calculated coldness, had prepared to pull the trigger and blown my brains out back in 1959. Back then, Thompson had been in the prime of his life at thirty-nine-years old, the same age as I am now. He had been about my current size but probably a couple of inches taller and had outweighed me by about thirty pounds.
I took a seat just beyond the metal detection gate, to put my shoes back on and collect my keys and change from a plastic container. A guard waited patiently while I finished up and slipped my light weight jacket on again, before following him across the echoing cavernous main gallery of the building. It was after a series of hallways, check points and heavy locked doors that we arrived at the hospital portion of the complex.
Thompson had been in the infirmary for the last six months off and on. The warden had told me, during our conversation on the phone last week, that they expect him to leave the infirmary within a day or two and be back in the solitary confinement section of the prison which has been his home since 1959. For his own protection he has been kept from the majority of the prison population. Being a child killer and a police officer had made him a very unpopular individual.
It has been fifty-four years and Thompson is the oldest surviving prisoner in the entire complex. In fact he holds the unenviable distinction of being the oldest prisoner in Iowa and the oldest living mass murderer in the entire nation. His family has been dead and buried for decades while he still enjoys three square meals a day and some semblance of a life. It is both amazing and repulsive at the same time.
As we were buzzed into the infirmary wing of the prison, I found that it looked like any hospital, although perhaps a little less stylish and more dated. We moved at a quick pace, the guard’s hard soled, shiny-black shoes clicking against the cold tile floor. We came to the end of our journey about half way down a long hall and he pushed open the door without knocking.
“Mark, you have a visitor,” he announced as we entered.
I held my breath, feeling like I needed a minute to prepare myself but I didn’t get a pause to consider what I would find on the other side of the heavy green door. Would he be recognizable? Or had the years taken away any trace of the muscular and powerful man that he had once been?
Thompson was seated in a chair near a window as we entered and was dressed in a short-sleeved green scrub-looking outfit and slippers. He had a side tray nearby and he lifted a remote to turn down the volume of the TV that was hanging from the ceiling above him. He set a cup of some liquid on the tray table and lifted a frail looking claw of a hand to gesture us forward while he pushed his gold wire-rimmed glasses up higher on his nose to get a better look at me.
“Come in, I have been waiting,” he said and drew back paper thin lips to smile and his watery eyes met mine from across the room.
The guard brought another chair from near the bedside and set it before Thompson, then looked at me. “I’ll leave you two alone to talk. When you are finished, I will be just down the hall at the nurse’s station. I’ll need to escort you back to the main lobby.”
I nodded my understanding and remained standing in the center of the room as the door closed behind him and we were left alone.
“Cameron is it?” Mark Thompson asked.
“Yes, Dave Cameron. As the letter indicated, Torie Mills is my wife and the author of the book.”
“Oh, I know that name very well,” he chuckled. “Have a seat Mr. Cameron.”
He pointed to the chair before him and I walked the few paces to join him. “Did you understand the scope and meaning of the book? As the outline and final draft indicates, it is being based mostly on the testimony that you provided to authorities.”
“Oh, I understand completely,” he laughed and lifted his cup to take a sip of what appeared to be tea or coffee. I studied his blotchy and liver-spotted face with its sagging skin, the light wisps of his baby fine white hair on his head and his elongated ears. His jowls wobbled as he nodded. “I understand more than you probably realize.” His watery eyes were just as startling grass-green as they had been when last I had looked into them.
As I studied his eyes, I recalled so many times that I had looked into them that July day back in 1959. I had looked into them with fear, with anger, with confusion as I had tried to sort out why that time warp had been so different from anything I had experienced before and why I hadn’t been able to get a bead on what the dynamic between Tim Thompson and his freak of a father had been.
“I was hoping that we could talk candidly about what happened on that day back in 1959. It will be just between you and me. I don’t plan on doing anything with what you share with me during this talk today. I would just like to know if you regret your actions now. If you ever came to any finality regarding it or if you are haunted by what happened.”
“Haunted?” he questioned and raised his bushy light brows.
“Yes, I was wondering if you ever miss them, think of them. I became a father for the first time recently and I just wonder if you have ever considered what may have been in the future for your children and all that you robbed them of, much too soon.”
“I’ve had fifty-four-years to consider it and I have gone over it in my mind so often,” he stated quietly and by the tone of his voice I felt that perhaps I heard remorse. “The secrets that died with them are better left behind,” he said and paused. “I don’t regret a moment of that day or my actions. I rid the world of—” he stopped mid-sentence.
“Of what,” I croaked. I was shocked by his words so full of hatred while his voice remained soft. I was so surprised that I could barely speak. It was like a slap in the face.
“I thought that I had rid the world of their kind and it was finished but after reading the book I don’t think so. It wasn’t the end of it, was it, Cameron?”
“I don’t know what—”
“Bullshit! You know exactly what I’m talking about. You think I don’t know?”
“I have no idea what you are talking about,” I lied.
“Don’t play dumb with me. I know,” he sat forward in his chair and jabbed a boney finger into my chest more forcefully than I would ever have imagined possible for an old man like him. “Just like that bitch Cindy with her secrets. Just like that piece of shit boy.”
In a flash, my hand shot out and took hold of his shirt as I forced him to move back from me. He may have been in his nineties but he had power in him that I had never seen in someone his age. “You mean your innocent son who suffered terrible abuse at your hands.” I stopped myself from elaborating further.
“You must be one of them too,” he whispered hoarsely. “Abuse?” he repeated and laughed. “I could take a broom handle and hit them with all my might and nothing. Not a sound.” He looked off into space as he appeared to be remembering.
My face gave away nothing but I knew exactly what he was speaking of. Where Torie and I had always kept watch over each other while we were in a warp to be sure that our bodies were safe, this monster had attacked his defenseless family while at their most vulnerable.
His eyes came back to me. “And if you have a child then probably another generation. Why wasn’t I able? That’s what I want to know. I have been pondering that for fifty-four years. Why the fuck not me?”
I ignored his question. “The whole purpose of this meeting was to give you a chance to express your remorse before we publish the story. I was hoping to find a very different person from the man that you were in 1959. I see that nothing has changed.”
“Nothing will ever change, Cameron. I have no remorse. In fact, I wish I would have done it sooner. When Ricky started…”
“Started what?” I asked innocently, again giving away nothing.
“We can play this game all day, Cameron, but you and I both know what I’m talking about. You’re just as secretive as the rest, aren’t you? I know the reason your wife and probably you know so much but I’ll tell you what—you go ahead and tell your story. Let’s see what happens when people wonder how you know so much. And they will wonder about that, you mark my words.”
“You would tell the world your crazy notions?” I asked.
“Not me. I’m not going to become a laughing stock—not at my age. Besides I am the oldest living mass murderer in the United States of America,” he said grandly and lifted his arms with bravado as though accepting a gold metal while standing atop a podium or addressing a crowd of admirers. He totally got off on holding that title. It was sickening. “I don’t want to tarnish my good name by such ridiculous revelations. The story being published is going to do nothing but make me famous and a household name again.”
“I doubt that, Thompson, but it will tell a story that needs to be told for Cindy and the kids.”

***

I climbed into my truck and sat for a moment, still shaken by everything I had just heard. I waited until I felt I could speak casually before I pulled my phone out, turned the key to start my truck engine and then touched the phone screen to call Torie.
“Hey, babe. I’m just now heading home,” I began.
“What did he have to say? Was he a changed man? Are we moving forward?” she asked impatiently. “The publishers are already hounding my agent, wanting to know.”
“Tell Tom to go with it,” I hissed. “Let’s let the world know what a monster the son of a bitch was and is. He hasn’t changed one bit—no remorse. The bastard is pure evil, Torie. He seems to think that this will make him a superstar and an overnight sensation. You should have heard the way that he talked about his family. It’s sick—really sick.”
“Tom said it will be published by the first of December if we are ready to go with it.”
“Yep, let’s do it.”
I left it at that. I kept it from Torie and my own secret, regarding his references to her family and thinly veiled hints about time travel. I didn’t feel it was important for her to know. I didn’t know it at the time, but it would all come to light soon enough and Torie would be sharing secrets with me, too.



Chapter 17


Torie 
Ten months later…
August 2014

When did I decide that Where Evil Lived was probably one of the stupidest and worst mistakes of my entire life? About the time that everything Thompson had predicted about him being made famous was coming to pass with alarming accuracy. The whole freaking earth seemed to have shifted on its axis and our world was careening out of control with no way to stop it! Oh, it had seemed at first to be gradual, but it had quickly picked up momentum by leaps and bounds.
First it was just a short telephone interview with the Des Moines Register newspaper about the story and then a few of the local TV news channels talking with me about it and sort of surprised by these horrific murders that had happened in our own backyard and had seemed to have slipped everyone’s minds for the last half a century but the moment that they were brought to the forefront—bam! It was like a freaking bomb had gone off.
After the local news outlets, then next it was these weird little in-depth studies of my fictionalized book about the real life murders of the Thompson family—panels of literary critics and crime scene experts all picking through the details as if looking for a magic bullet that they will never find. Although stated as conjecture on my part, the questions kept coming up regarding the interesting and more telling details. I was doing the best I could, trying to deflect those questions but some bulldog journalists were very determined to get to the bottom of what had led me to the conclusions that I’d arrived at.
Within just months of the book release, Mahaska and Wapello counties had become Mecca’s for fans of the book. Every place referenced in the story was raking in the tourism dollars as they were inundated with fans, because everyone wanted to visit and get photos of all the places referenced.
This eventually spilled over to Fremont and Cedar Township Cemetery which held many relatives of the slain and of course, just down the road, was the home of the author of the book, who just happened to be, surprise, surprise—related to Cindy Mills Thompson. How I could have ever thought that the family history would not come into play, is beyond me now. It didn’t take long at all for everyone to fill in the blanks and connect all of the dots.
How to accurately describe the scope of the tourist traffic and fan hysteria? Ever hear of Forks, Washington and the crowds in search of Bella Swan’s fictional haunts in the Twilight Saga? I’m talking that kind of tourist traffic and fan hysteria.
The fans make trips to every single location and where they have gone, the impromptu memorials and shrines to the murder victims have popped up overnight. On the sidewalk in front of the house that was once owned by the Thompsons in Agency, at Lake Craton, the town of Craton and the barren parking lot where the old arcade had once stood. Even Eddyville—where the mourners continue to leave candles and other offerings on the sidewalk in front of the building that once housed the S.S. Kresge store where the Thompsons had done their last grocery shopping and no I am not shitting you!
My sister Sarah just kept saying that when I’d described it all to her over the phone. For about a half an hour conversation she just kept repeating, “You’re shitting me! You’re shitting me!”
The Arbor Hills Cemetery in Ottumwa has become the epicenter. It is the final stop of every hardcore fan as they mark the end of their epic journey. Cindy Thompson and the kids have received a constant stream of visitors who have left so many mementos. They have left offerings of flowers, angel figurines, stuffed animals, balloons and emotion-filled cards and letters, day after day, month after month.
The cemetery has even needed to start a special security detail to watch the graves twenty four seven in order to protect them. It has become kind of a fancy changing of the guard type ceremony with three solemn performances daily at 10 a.m., 2 p.m. and the final changing of the guard at 6 p.m. before the cemetery closes at dusk.
Just when Dave and I had thought that the craziness had begun to top out—I mean how much crazier could it get? That was when KCCI TV in Des Moines decided to run a series at the height of the frenzy, showing photos of the mountain of offerings and showcasing some of the heartwarming cards and gifts left for the young kids and their murdered mother. That story was then picked up by so many outlets, even by shows like Entertainment Tonight.
It was unprecedented. Where Evil Lived became a multi-million copy best-selling blockbuster, plowing ahead of all other top contenders within months. There, the end if the craziness, right? Wrong!
It wasn’t long after the series had been aired on KCCI that a woman from Craton, Iowa, had come forward with a manuscript that her deceased father had worked on regarding the Thompson case and which had been socked away in the bottom of an old box of his things in, first his basement, and then her basement since his death twenty-six-years ago. 
He had been a forty-year-old man at the time of the murders and had been a bird watcher who, with his trusty binoculars, had just happened to have been on the bluff across the river from Thompson when he had acted as though he was going to throw his son Tim off of the cliff. The man had tried to tell the authorities at the time what he had seen but his account had been lost in the shuffle with all of the bigger parts of the story and the massive manhunt that had followed.
He had quietly written it all down though and the detail matched exactly—and I mean exactly, what I had detailed as fiction. We were just so totally screwed from that point on.
His description of the occurrence had matched perfectly with what I had written, except for a few small details. I had changed the description of the clothes Tim had worn that day and a few other things like the color and size of the backpack that he had been wearing. Thank God! If I would have used the description that Dave had provided, it would have been a spot on match to the man’s story written and quietly collecting dust in a basement for fifty years. As it was, the similarities were more than enough to cause a huge explosion of interest.
The next bomb went off shortly after. It was my description of the young men who were fishing off of the Cliffland Road Bridge that day when Mark and Tim Thompson had arrived there during their day of hiking. Unfortunately for us, one of the young men, Miles Walden, who had been on the bridge fishing with his two buddies that day, had heard about and read the book and he had come forward also. He is the only survivor of the three boys and is now an old man of seventy-two and he corroborated everything in the book. Ironically, he had even forgotten most of the details but had recalled that it had been very close to what I had written.
I had described how one of his friends had started to walk up to the pair as Tim had been pleading for his father to calm down. Tim had gotten cuffed in the side of his head and then shoved before his father as they’d left the bridge heading back the way that they had come. Walden remembered that he had told the police about them coming over the bridge and that the son had been upset but the rest of the details, neither he nor his friends had ever told another living soul as far as he knew.
He remembered, again, after reading the book, about how his buddy had approached Thompson to try and come to Tim’s defense but Walden had stopped him from interfering. In the book Dave had related that act of kindness by the well-meaning boy because he had wanted to gratefully acknowledge that someone had tried to help Tim Thompson. We’d given a vague and flawed description of the young man who’d nearly intervened on Tim’s behalf but again, it was close enough.
I could kick myself now for writing the story so close to the truth. I should have changed the scene more, the descriptions of the people. Like an idiot—I hadn’t. I’d put most every important detail down in writing. How was I to know that this story would become a sensation? It was just supposed to be a cathartic cleansing of Dave’s soul. It now had taken on a life of its own.
Finally and not surprisingly, after everything else that has come to light, a few people have begun to believe that I must be a physic or clairvoyant. How else could I have come up with so many details that had been lost to the world for more than fifty years, right? I have received a few requests from family members of some missing and murdered loved ones from as far away as California, asking for my opinion on their cold cases—asking me to read over their stories and give my input.



Chapter 18


Torie

I peeked around the sheers at the side window and looked out to the front porch. I hate that I always seem to be leery of what awaits me these days. I have never been so closed off before, at least not to the point of being suspect of every ring of the doorbell.
The light breeze which was sweeping over the front porch and twisting the hanging baskets of colorful flowers also ruffled the wisps of light-blonde hair of the young woman. She was in a baby-blue jacket and jeans and was holding an album hugged against her chest.
“What is it?” Dave asked, coming up to look out at my side.
“I don’t know.” I looked up into his eyes. “Maybe just someone looking for the cemetery,” I decided hopefully.
I opened the door and propped the screen.
“Mrs. Cameron. You don’t know me but my name is Karen Marsh. I don’t mean to take too much of your time but I was hoping to talk to you for just a few minutes.”
She looked shyly at me and then up into Dave’s eyes before moving her attention back to me.
“What can I help you with?”
“If I could talk with you for just a few minutes,” she indicated the wicker chairs out on the porch. She seemed sweet and harmless and so I stepped outside and told Dave that I would be just a few minutes.
“I wasn’t going to come. I really am not one of the crazy people that I have been seeing on the news,” she smiled and nodded her thanks as I indicated the chairs and we took a seat. “You have a lovely home here,” she added.
“Thank you. My husband did all of the work on it. So what is it I can help you with, Miss Marsh?”
“Mrs. Marsh,” she corrected softly. “Did you see the report regarding Craton and the lady whose father had the writings about the Thompson murders?”
“Yes, I saw the report but as I told the press, my story is just conjecture on my part. It is coincidence that I got some of the detail correct. I poured over tons of documents and family letters to arrive at my conclusions,” I lied.
“I understand that but I also know that by using your own ideas you must admit that you came up with quite a lot of the details. You obviously have an eye for the truth in a story.”
I had a sick feeling as she opened her album. It reminded me of my own meticulous albums of records, clippings and documents from my genealogy research.
“All I am asking of you is to just look over the documents. Just give me your impressions. Maybe if you get a sense of Nathan and his story then you might think of some angle that we have overlooked. Just the slightest help could bring new life to the case.”
I accepted the album and lay it on the table between us. It could have been one of hundreds of such stories reported across the nation and the world any given day of the week, missing children, missing loved ones. The newspaper clippings were from The Daily Nonpareil which is the paper for Council Bluffs, Iowa, and were from 2011. The blue-eyed blond boy in a Spiderman T-shirt and holding a whiffle bat over his shoulder happened to belong to this young mother.
“Nathan was seven-years-old when he disappeared. I had left him in the front yard while I answered a phone call and then I went to the basement to start a load of laundry. I wasn’t gone more than ten minutes. It was the middle of the day, in a very nice normal neighborhood,” she said, smoothing her hand over a clipping which was under plastic. “He had been told about strangers. You know—all the typical warnings; don’t approach cars, don’t take candy from anyone that you don’t know...” her voice trailed off at the end.
It was the worst case scenario. He was playing in his yard, a strange car was in the area and then he was gone.
“The police never found any suspects, no concrete description of the vehicle. The only clue was that his bike was near the edge of the driveway. We have had no new leads in forever. The case still has a detective who tries to do what he can but it has been a cold case for over two years,” she sniffed and reached into her pocket to pull out a wad of tissue and dabbed at her tear-filled eyes and then wiped her nose.
I studied the face of the young woman, thinking that I would give anything to not break her heart and tell her that I couldn’t help her so soon. I could at least allow her some time to vent and talk about her story.
“Mrs. Marsh, can I offer you something to drink?” I asked gently. “Tea—water—coffee?”
“Thank you, Mrs. Cameron. Water would be wonderful. I drove straight here this morning.”
I nodded. “I’ll be right back.”

***

As I opened the fridge and pulled out a couple of bottles of water, Dave came around the corner with Rose Lynn on his hip.
“So what is it about?”
I closed the fridge and leaned in to kiss Rose as she reached toward me. “She is just someone wanting my help. A missing child,” I said quietly. “I’ll be awhile.”
I know that I can’t help the woman. I know that I have no gift. I am a liar and going to likely spend the next couple of hours hearing about a wonderful little boy who was snatched from a loving family for no reason. This was not my first request for such help, but before today, it had just been phone calls and letters. It would end the same as all the others, though. I will listen and read with her, share tears and then dash her hopes and this poor young mother will leave today without any help and I will keep my crazy secrets of how I know so much about Tim Thompson and his family.
If only the manuscript from the birdwatcher who had witnessed Tim and Mark Thompson on the bluffs that afternoon in 1959 hadn’t come to light or if Miles Walden and his information regarding the meeting on the bridge had been lost to the ages, then maybe the mad phenomenon of Where Evil Lived would have never happened. If only I could somehow make it all go away.
Instead, I joined the young mother out on my lovely covered front porch and we began the tale of her nightmare as we enjoyed a cool drink, a warm summer morning and a very sad journey.



Chapter 19


Dave
September 2014

Jeff Allman slid into the booth and gave Rose a kiss on the crown of her head as he did so. He removed his Hawkeye ball cap and dropped it onto the seat beside him and braced his elbows on the table.
“Mind if I join you?” he asked, winking at Torie and giving me a nod. “What a freakin’ zoo,” he hissed under his breath as he snagged a French fry off of my plate, dipping it into my ketchup and then his eyes scanned the packed diner around us. Char dropped off a glass of water for him and said she would be back for his order as the cook Tom Morris barked her name and slammed his hand repeatedly on the silver bell at the pass-through.
“I think Tom is on the brink. I’ve never seen this place packed like this on a weeknight,” Torie said as she tore up a few pieces of banana and placed a few more green beans before Rose on her tray. Rose reached for a green bean and offered it to Jeff. He acted as though he was going to take a bite and she pulled it away and plopped it into her mouth with a giggle.
“Hey, Rosie Posie, quit messin’ with me,” Jeff chuckled as he touched her button nose with his index finger.
“Oh, check that out,” I hissed, pointing across the street. A luxury coach was pulling up along the curb and soon a stream of tourists began spilling out and stepped around the bus, obviously bent on some diner cuisine.
Several took a moment before they crossed between the steady stream of traffic, to pose before the blood-red lettering scrolled across the side of the bus which read Where Evil Lived Tours, Inc., giving thumbs up signs and big smiles. Two teen-aged boys held their thumbs and fingers in the shape of a gun and against each other’s heads as they cheesed it up for the camera. I know it will be only a matter of seconds before the images go from their iPhones to Facebook walls and then in turn, likely bounced off of satellites and around the world.
“How can they use the name of your book?” Jeff asked in a whisper.
Torie rolled her eyes at me before answering just as quietly, “The Wapello county tourism office contacted me at around the first of the year about the possibility of a tour bus but I never thought that things would be this out of control when I signed off on it. Now it is just adding to the frenzy.”
“This is bad,” I said.
“Whatever you do—do not tell anyone who you are,” Jeff warned tightly with a chuckle as the crowd headed for the diner.
I rolled my eyes at him as he ran a hand across his scruffy beard and continued behind his hand. “I don’t think you would make it out of here alive.”
“I think everyone has our backs,” I said with confidence as I took a fry off of my plate, giving Torie a reassuring wink, while she discreetly propped her arm on the table and tried to slightly hide her face behind her hand until the stream of tourists had been seated in booths and tables across the room.
“You know,” Jeff said quietly. “I decided to take a little tour myself, just to check it out and see if the hysteria was as bad as the press makes it out to be and have you seen Lake Craton?”
“We’ve seen it on TV but not first hand,” I said.
“Dude, you should see it. Okay, so check it, the wall looks just like that Vietnam Memorial in DC but it’s made out of concrete. It looks black though until you get up close because of all the dark-colored river rocks imbedded in it. It’s about five feet tall and about five feet long but there is plenty of space for it to be extended and by the piles of rocks I saw on the ground when I was there, it will definitely be expanding. I don’t know if the lake people pick the rocks up daily but if it was just one day’s worth it could have probably added another foot to the wall.”
“I heard that they added benches also,” Torie said softly, glancing up and taking a guarded look around the diner before she stopped shielding her face. She added more food to Rose’s tray.
“Yeah, there are about six of them facing the wall and each one is also encrusted with the river rock. I read some of the messages on the rocks and most are just a word or two, or short sayings but a few of the large ones that are in the wall, have entire prayers or poems—there are some with portraits of the family members painted or carved into them. I could have spent hours there reading the wall and the benches, literally hours—it’s nuts.”
“Thanks to the Lake Craton tourism board who decided to add it,” I said bitterly.
“Yeah, Dave, but I really don’t know what else they could have done. You really need to go and take a look. Just when I was there, I saw about fifty people leaving rocks. I saw people crying and saying prayers over the lot where the cabin used to sit and on the ground where Tim died. If they wouldn’t have done something—I just don’t know. I really don’t think that they had a choice. I guess people need some way to express everything that the story is bringing out in them.”
“I think at first it was candles and wreaths left near the dock where Tim died. I just don’t understand how it became river rock. It makes zero sense to me,” Torie said as she took a bite of her salad.
“I think it goes back to Tim’s hiking trip along the river. The memorial at Craton Lake popped up about the time that the authorities put an end to the bridge craziness,” I reminded her.
The trails along the Des Moines River and the bridge where Thompson and Tim had hiked that last afternoon in 1959 had been a big draw. First, it was just a few balloons tied to the bridge rails as a tribute to Tim Thompson. Soon though, it had become a weekend daily release of brightly-colored helium balloons with messages tied to their strings or scrawled across the balloons themselves in magic marker. Messages addressed to the Thompson murder victims and launched into the heavens symbolically. When the balloons had begun filling the trees along the river and had become a hazard to wildlife, the authorities had stepped in.
“They had to put a stop to that shit,” Jeff said with conviction. “I would hate to think that Where Evil Lived would be the end of the Bald Eagles along that stretch of the Des Moines River. Tell you what, Torie, next time that you decide to write a book like that, how about you make the location Canada or the coast of Africa or the moon. Okay, lady?” Jeff joked and then raised his palm toward Rosie and she smacked him with a baby-sized high five. Jeff immediately reached for a napkin to wipe off the baby food gunk he had picked up.
“Hey Rosie Posie, I got your birthday present all wrapped up—big one-year-old,” Jeff said, leaning down to look at Rose on her eye level.
Rose reached out to touch his face and he pulled back.
“No way, you messy little turd.”
Rose giggled and slopped another piece of banana into her mouth.
“Funny girl, Rose Cameron,” Jeff chuckled. “She is going to be a handful for you guys.”
“Jeff, keep it down. We don’t want to draw any attention to us,” I reminded him in a whisper.
“Oh, sorry,” he whispered, matching my volume. “I’m not used to this living on the down low like you guys are.”
It has become a necessity that we try to be incognito when in public. The previous week I had arrived to meet Torie and Rose Lynn for lunch at Billy Ray’s Smokehouse here in town and had found them swamped by a crowd of strangers who had stopped off for lunch while on their quest for the book locations.
Once they had found out that she was Torie Mills, there had been a mad dash as people had rushed to their cars to retrieve their copies of Where Evil Lived so that she could autograph them. It had been daunting and a little freaky, considering that she’d had Rosie with her. The press of people around the two of them in their booth had been intense. I’d had to wade through the mob to get to them and I’d helped the restaurant staff with crowd control. We’d made it through the experience but it had really put a damper on our lunch date.
Afterward, Torie had been exhausted and her voice talked out from the impromptu book signing event and we’d ended up ordering our lunch to go and had taken it to our house to eat. Rose Lynn had been overdue for a nap by then anyway.
Since that experience, it has been decided by most of the people in town, including the Finish Line staff that it would be better to keep Torie’s identity on the down low in the future but it is becoming increasingly hard to do so.
It had happened to us again, just last weekend. We had been in Oskaloosa, doing something as mundane as our grocery shopping at the Walmart when Torie had been recognized. Those hardcore fans had cleaned out the book department, snatching up every copy, so that she could autograph them. Finally, a store manager had arrived and the mob had been wrangled into some kind of order while I’d helped him with the crowd control. He’d snagged a table from somewhere and soon we had been in the middle of another book signing event.
If we hadn’t been convinced before, we had both realized then, that the hysteria over the book had really gotten out of control. It had put a hell of a mess in the middle of our usually uneventful grocery shopping.
There have been other small bouts with Torie’s public, but mostly just a single person, or a couple at a time. We’ve had some people drive by and even stop to get photos in front of our home in Fremont but those types of intrusions are few and far between.
Besides, people are always stopping to get shots of our house. It has been featured on many magazines over the years and Meredith Publishing had put it on the cover of Better Homes and Garden magazine about six months ago when they had also spotlighted the learning center and the old town square project. We have had just one stroke of bad luck after another. It is unending, it seems.



Chapter 20


Torie
Mar 2015

The gravel crunched beneath my feet and I looked down at several stalks of yellow daffodils I held in my hands. The air was cool and the sun was high in the mid-day sky. The constant crunch of gravel under many feet was the only sound that disturbed the quiet of the countryside.
I was wearing a brown wool coat and noticed my dark stockings above brown leather lace-up shoes with a slight heel. My ankle turned as my heel caught the edge of a piece of gravel and I stumbled, righting myself before I fell, but a girl on my left hooked her arm through mine helping to steady me. I recognized at once that she was Mahala Wyman. She was dressed in a brown wool coat that very nearly matched my own and she looked to be about twelve or thirteen years old. We were in a large group of people and we were just passing the corner of the far north gate of Cedar Township Cemetery.
I could see up ahead that just entering the main gate of the cemetery from the south was a horse drawn hearse carrying a coffin. There were two men on the high bench-seat above the glass-enclosed wagon, both dressed in black suits with old fashioned flat-brimmed hats upon their heads. I could see about fifty people were out in front of me and at least as many back behind.
Looking up the gravel road behind me, I knew that Dave’s house was up at the top of the rolling hill. There were many horse drawn wagons and carriages lining the road toward that direction. I assumed that everyone had dismounted for the traditional walk to the cemetery. That we seemed to be coming from the north and the hearse from the south didn’t give me any information to decide on who the coffin held or whose funeral I was in the middle of.
I glance at the crowd around me—so many faces that I recognize—so many people that I had known in time warps from my past. Rose and Judson were just to my right and on further to their right were their three sons, my great-granduncles George, Norman and John. I saw that Emily was on Mahala’s left and I decided that I must be Ivy Wyman, who was a year older than Mahala.
Behind me I glanced back to see a young Great-Grandma Alice and Great-Grandpa Henry and a couple of little boys. I assumed that they must be my granduncles Robert and Allen. Every member of the family was dressed in their Sunday best clothing but I didn’t notice any tears in our group and being so far back in the crowd I assume that the deceased we are following is not close family or family at all.
I know that this is a time warp and I am not going to delude myself and try to pretend that I am dreaming. I have no idea how long I had been pondering all of the details around me but we were now closing in on the gate to the tree-lined main entrance and I could see that the wagon had stopped and the coffin was being carried to a grave north of the main gate.
I knew the family plot that it was heading toward—the McFall family. The large monument and the newly dug grave loomed before us and people were already forming a circle around the perimeter as a group of men used ropes and lowered the coffin into the ground, while a minister with his Bible open in his hands made the sign of the cross and waited near the monument at the head of the grave for all of us to arrive.
The headstone, which was about eight foot tall, is one that I am familiar with. It is the resting place for Samuel McFall who passed away in March of 1883, following his wife who had passed away in 1878. The face of the monument states the family name and on the two sides, ‘Elizabeth wife of Samuel’ and on the opposite is engraved, ‘Samuel husband of Elizabeth’. I can see his side of the monument and that his date of death is blank. A mason will probably be adding the information within a few days from this time, I decide as I study it. At home I have photos of my great-grandpa Henry’s incomplete headstone. They were taken by my grandpa Arlan on the day of his father’s funeral. It is a very poignant image, to see that unfinished date information and an open grave.
The McFall family was standing next to the minister and stretched along the far edge of the grave and there again were many faces which I have seen and are on my family tree program. I scanned the faces to see if I could find Dave’s great-great-grandfather, William. I spotted him and standing before him were several of his sons including Dave’s great grandfather Jacob and Joshua McFall, who would be Ivy Wyman’s husband one day.
Ivy and Joshua had married in 1889, six years from this time and place. That would make him about fifteen-years-old and me (Ivy) would be fourteen currently. William McFall had his arm around his wife’s shoulders and I noticed that the sun glinted off of her dark auburn hair, similar in color to my own but she had streaks of gray at the temples.
The minister started to address the crowd but I selfishly didn’t listen to the words he was speaking in regards to the great man that they were laying to rest. I was enjoying the array of Fremont townspeople I was getting to observe quietly, without being required to speak or interact with any of them. Most were years younger than any photographs I have ever seen of them, either in my own records or the biographies and history books that fill the shelves in the real world at the genealogical society in Oskaloosa.
After about a twenty minute sermon, the minister invited the family to throw the first handfuls of dirt into the open grave. Afterward, many girls and young women, including me, stepped forward to add our flowers to the open grave. The minister announced that per Samuel’s final wishes “Asleep in Jesus” would be sung and he started the hymn which was completely unknown to me. I moved my mouth and attempted to look convincing as I lip-synced. Afterward came a prayer with heads bowed in reverence and with a final amen spoken in unison, the crowd started to disperse and the gravediggers came forward.
William McFall spoke up loudly, addressing the crowd, “Friends I would like to offer each of you to enjoy some fellowship and repast at my home. We will meet and welcome all to join the McFall family in some refreshments before you start on your way. Please join us.”
Most of the crowd nodded their agreement and I followed along with my family and the masses as we left the cemetery and made the walk back to our conveyance. It was such a rush, experiencing this, that I had the urge to say to someone, can you believe this and I wished that I had someone to share the awe of it with.
Here I am climbing into the back of a wagon where my great-great-grandfather Judson is at the reins of a four horse team with his wife Rose at his side and all of us children are on bench style seats that run lengthwise in the bed facing one another across the wagon. I take a seat in between John and Norman for the short trip up the hill to the house—to my own house! I am lucky I have a strong mind or maybe I am just daft enough to thoroughly enjoy the thrill of approaching the house that I live in, in the present and catching the first glimpse of it ahead, off to the left side of the wagon. Seeing it as it had looked one hundred and thirty years in the past is monumental, and what strikes me is how Dave has managed to so very closely restore the house. It is probably even better in my real world than it is here now. The colors are nearly the same and I can really appreciate all the fanciful scrolling frets over the front porch and up on the dormers and turrets.
It is interesting that there isn’t much of a front lawn and no picket fencing at all. Instead, a large crescent drive takes up most of the front yard, where today we have just an average drive on the west end of the house. The house has obviously only been recently completed and it will probably be years before all of the details that still remain today will be added. At this point in time, the place is brand spanking new.

***

I tried to fit in with those around me and quietly meandered around the lower level of the house by myself as I sipped at a cup of tea. I visited all of the rooms that are my home in the real world.
I was especially interested in the old kitchen without any of our modern conveniences. It had no indoor water source and just a wash tub in one corner but no sink. It did have a large work table in the center of the room and a pot-belly stove against the wall where we now have our double French doors out to the back deck. Out back, where we now have a small manicured lawn with a newly installed fort with slides, bridges and climbing ropes for Rose Lynn along with a bright yellow-striped swing set, I can see a small smoke house and in the distance a few hundred yards out, an outhouse.
The time ticked by and Judson and Rose were seated in the front room enjoying conversation with many friends and neighbors. They didn’t appear to be in a hurry to be heading home any time soon. I finished my tea, placed the cup onto a nearby serving tray and glanced out of the front window to see that many folks were out in the yard relaxing under a couple of small shade trees. Many others were sitting along the large porch that wraps around the front of the house.
I tried to judge how long this time warp has lasted up to this point and I hope that it just seems like an extended length of time. It feels like I’ve been here for hours. Will Dave and Rose still be sleeping when I return?
I decided that I wanted to take a look at my bedroom and so I climbed the stairs, glancing behind me to be sure that I wasn’t drawing undue attention. Would anyone question why this nosey Wyman girl is heading off upstairs as if she has any right to do so?
I am so freaked out by the craziness and immensity; here I am approaching the door to the room where my body is lying asleep, more than a hundred and thirty years in the future. I wonder if maybe I will be able to sense it; maybe feel some electrical connection to my future self or the whispers referenced in the old letters or maybe a sense of Déjà vu?
The master bedroom door stood ajar and I pushed it open to find the large room to be very sparsely decorated. It contained a rather smallish bed seated up on a raised platform and the bed would be probably a full-size in today’s world and it was positioned similar to where our bed sits. There are several shelves of books and an easy chair near one of the large windows that face the back of the house.
As the door creaked open further, I saw that there was a boy standing at the other large window and he was looking out at the backyard. He turned with a start as I tapped lightly on the door and entered. I looked into his eyes, expecting that I was going to need to pull out what little knowledge I have about Ivy’s future husband Joshua McFall. At the very least we were probably classmates at Fremont high school currently or we might already be flirting with romantic ideas of each other.
I wasn’t getting a sense internally from Ivy of what she was feeling for this handsome young boy at this point in her life. I do know that about six years from now, she will become his wife and she will be passionately in love with him. I know that he will be a wonderful husband and new father and he will die tragically and all alone out in the middle of a corn field, after just two short years of married bliss. His body will be found suspended on strands of barbed wire and the gun which had accidentally discharged as he had climbed over the fence will be found lying nearby.
I smiled at him now and planned to begin with offering him my condolences for the loss of his grandfather. I know that at the very least, that he will expect that much familiarity at this point in time. Instead he lowered his eyes, avoiding mine and turned to briefly look at the top of a chest of drawers against the far wall as if in search of something before turning for the door.
“I’m sorry I was just looking for…” his voice trailed off and he didn’t even attempt to finish the thin excuse as he started around me, heading out. Typical, I thought, he always did suck at trying to fit in.
I grabbed him by the lapel of his suit coat and pushed the door closed and then slammed him against the wall.
“Are you kidding me? Dave?” I hissed.



Chapter 21


Torie

“Torie?” Dave squeaked as his young teenaged voice cracked.
“Oh my God! Dave. Jesus! If you are here then that means that Rose Lynn is in our house in Fremont all by herself! How long have you been here?” I demanded as I clutched at his shirt front and shook him.
“I’ve been here since early morning. Way before the funeral services at the Methodist church in town. We all came from there to the cemetery.”
“Oh, Dave! That means that Rose Lynn has been alone for hours!” I shrieked.
“Torie! Calm down,” he ordered. “You need to be quiet!”
“Screw you, Dave! Oh my God. Oh God! My poor little baby!” I felt like I was going to puke and I bent over and held my stomach as I dry heaved.
“Torie, you need to calm down,” he said as he leaned over and put an arm around my shoulders, trying to soothe me. I used my whole body to push him away from me forcefully and he stumbled back against the wall.
“Goddamn it, Torie! I am not your enemy! Do you think that I did this on purpose or have any more control over this shit than you do?” he snarled, grabbing me by my arm and pulling me up straight. He turned me to pin me against the wall as he shook me gently. “Please calm down, honey!”
“Dave, our eighteen-month-old baby is all alone in our house. She has likely been alone for hours and hours already and who knows how much longer we will be stuck here,” I cried.
“Come here,” he said and took me into his arms and up against his chest. He wouldn’t let me push him away this time; he just held me as I beat against his chest with my closed fists and he let me, until I had gotten all of my hysteria out and I finally put my arms around his shoulders, hugging him desperately, burying my face in his throat.
“Torie,” he said levelly. “We need to be calm and try to think of some way to end this,” he whispered gently into my ear. He cradled the back of my head with his hand as he held me tight.
“There is no way out,” I croaked against his throat. “We’re trapped here.”
There was a hesitant rap at the door and we both stopped breathing and held perfectly still, hoping that whoever was there would move on. The door creaked open and then Mahala peeked around the edge of the door to find us, in what probably looked to be a passionate embrace, as we were plastered against the wall.
“Ivy? I thought I heard you. Are you okay? It sounded like you were upset…”
She averted her eyes, obviously giving us a moment to retreat from each other and I quickly pushed free of Dave and then wiped my eyes on my dress sleeve. I looked into Joshua’s pained, confused eyes.
“I’m sorry for the loss of your grandfather, Joshua,” I whispered softly. As always, like before when we had warped together, trying to provide him with the information that he would need so that he could attempt to at least try and fit in.
I grasped Mahala’s hand, quickly leaving the room without a backward glance and, with my sister in tow, I hurried down the steps. I dragged her behind me, out the front door and into the yard, attempting to gather my thoughts as I put some distance between us and the crowd of guests who were still enjoying some fellowship on the front porch and lawn.
I pulled her across the drive which was crowded with carriages and horses and we stopped on the far side of an empty carriage. I peeked around the edge and then bent down to look underneath and down the line of wagon wheel spokes and horses legs, to be sure that there was no one around before I spoke.
“Mahala, what did you hear? Did you hear anything that Joshua and I were saying?” I asked as I held her hands in mine and looked deeply into her lovely blue eyes, hoping to be able to detect her mood. I knew that the girls were close in age; they were just a year apart but I really didn’t know what kind of a relationship they shared. Was Mahala a supportive younger sister or a brat who would love to see her sister get into some trouble?
“Ivy, I didn’t hear anything. I only heard your voices but I couldn’t make out the words. What was being said? I could hear that you were upset. Is everything between you two all right?”
“You will not tell anyone that you saw us in an embrace, will you? It might mean trouble for me—you do understand that don’t you, Mahala? Father would be very cross if he found out that I was allowing a boy to take such advantage of me. I was simply trying to give him my condolences. You understand, don’t you?” I whispered. My hands felt clammy as I gripped hers in mine and I had tears spill over. The tears had nothing to do with this current situation though; the tears were all for my poor little daughter who was all alone in this house.
Mahala laughed and hugged me warmly, “You precious little thing, Ivy. Of course I will keep it to myself. It is no secret that you and Joshua share affection for each other anyway, is it? At least I don’t think that there is one of our classmates who don’t know how he feels about you. You are such a silly dear. Now stop the tears and let’s go and be social with some of the other folks and please—do try and stay out of the bedrooms, for goodness’ sake,” she said and placed her hand over her mouth with an embarrassed giggle. “Had it been Father and not me finding you in that predicament, I imagine that Joshua McFall would have, at the very least, felt the flat of Father’s hand across his cheek before the hour was out, whether a day of mourning or not.”
“Thank you, Mahala,” I hugged her and then hand in hand we headed off toward the front porch. “I believe I need a glass of water or lemonade. My mouth is all at once parched.”
I tried to smile convincingly but my gut was congealing with worry about Rose Lynn—all alone in her crib in this house more than a century away.

***

I saw Joshua again, about an hour later as we were leaving to head home to our Wyman house. He was standing on the front porch as I passed him and followed after my family to the waiting wagon and he watched me as my brother Norman reached a hand out to assist me up into the wagon bed.
The sun was lowering in the sky and the spring evening chill was coming on so I grabbed up my brown wool coat off of the bench and slipped it on. As I took a seat on one of rough wooden benches, Mahala joined me and I reached for her hand and held it in mine, craving the comfort of another’s touch.
Joshua continued to observe me intently as my great-great-grandpa Judson snapped the reins and the horses obeyed, lunging forward and out of the crescent drive, heading south toward home. I was unsure if it was Dave or Joshua that I was locking eyes with but I prayed that it was Joshua and that my husband Dave, at this moment, was at home taking care of Rose Lynn. Regardless, the fact remains that I am definitely still Ivy Wyman and I am helplessly trapped back in time.
As the boy and the house recede from view behind me, I know only one thing for sure—that an innocent little girl has been left on her own and unattended in a large old house, for a very, very long time.



Chapter 22


Torie

“Daddy!” Rose Lynn said hoarsely and kicked her feet excitedly.
“Hey, baby girl,” Dave said with a big smile for her.
I stood waiting on the walkway/balcony of the second story of the Budget Inn with Rose Lynn on my hip and as Dave lugged the last of the bags and the Pack ‘n Play up the steps, I reached out to relieve him of the diaper bag. He also had a pillowcase dangling from his hand and inside was the rest of our necessities for the night, which he had walked about the house gathering while I had been on my cell phone with him calling out items to add as he had roamed.
“You got Shadow out to Jeff’s okay? Was he home? What did you tell him?”
“Yeah, I just told him that we had to be gone for a few days. He was fine with it,” he said, pausing to kiss Rose Lynn’s cheek. He bent his knees and stooped down to be more on her eye level as he studied her face intently with the setting sun shining upon her. “God Torie, her face still looks like hell. Once the blood vessels stop seeping, she’s going to have bruising all around her eyes. She’ll look like a raccoon.”
“Daddy, no go bye-bye,” Rose said and touched his face.
He pressed a kiss to her palm. “No. Daddy is staying with you, Rosebud,” Dave assured her.
“Daddy,” Rose said again happily.
I pushed the door open and held it for him as he lugged the portable crib in. We had checked into the room about two hours earlier and while Dave had run back to Fremont, I had busied myself with arranging the room so that our things were in order; hanging our clothes and unpacking our laptops. I tossed the diaper bag onto the bed and ran my hand through Rose Lynn’s hair and kissed her temple, holding her close.
“I hope that they fade soon,” I sighed, smoothing my hand over the bright red broken capillaries which stood out under both of her eyes and across her cheeks.
How we had found Rose Lynn when we’d returned from our time warps nearly simultaneously after twelve-plus hours away, is not going to fade from our memory, ever. She had been a quivering, teeth chattering mess when we’d returned. She had gone so long without anyone coming to her aid that she had completely given up—she had been like a zombie. She was beyond upset, beyond crying, beyond sobbing, beyond screaming. She’d had no voice left because of her desperately dry mouth and throat after hours of screaming alone and without anyone within miles of our house to hear her cries. She had been so dehydrated from going without anything to eat or drink for more than an eight hour day that she hadn’t even had any tears left.
She had been, literally, curled up in the fetal position and hadn’t even roused when we’d burst into her room. She’d been soaking wet and shivering after soaking through her diaper and pajamas and urine and fecal matter had been smeared everywhere. To say it had been a horrific scene to witness doesn’t even come close.
It had taken us hours to get her cleaned up, calmed down and enough liquids into her system to allow her to start acting like herself again. Even then though, she’d alternated between clinging to us desperately and slapping us with tears in her eyes as she had tried to express to us what leaving her alone so long had done to her. It had been a long and painful day of recovery.
I dug through the pillowcase removing jars of toddler vegetables and fruits and set them on the small table in the kitchenette.
“I ordered us a pizza from down the street. It should be here soon,” I said as I handed Rose off to Dave and he sat down on the bed, holding her in his lap while he looked again at her poor little red-blotched face.
“I brought our good alarm clock but now that I think about it we won’t need it,” he said with a half-smile and a shake of his head. “I’ll be taking the first shift.”
“Do you think it might happen here? I mean do you really think so?” I asked.
“We aren’t taking any chances—I’ll stay awake and wake you after about six hours and switch off. It’s the only way that we can know for sure, Torie. That way, if you warp, I will be here for both of you and vice versa.”
I popped open a jar of mixed vegetables, placing it into the microwave for a brief minute to heat and turned around, leaning against the counter as I contemplated Dave. “I thought that it was the Wyman house. Now it’s your house also? What the hell are we going to do, Dave? I mean, really—what are we going to do? We can’t live here forever and what if we test it out here tonight and find out that we warp here also, then what? How can we live our life together in shifts? This is such a mess,” I groaned miserably. “I don’t understand it—I just don’t understand. Why did it happen again?”
Dave shook his head. “I wish I had answers for you, babe—we’re both in uncharted waters here.”
The microwave dinged and there was a knock on the door at the same time. Dave went to answer it and I took Rose from him as I followed him out onto the landing and he reached into his wallet to pull out some money for the pizza delivery man. He told him to keep the change and we paused for a moment on the walkway, watching him walk down the stairs to the driveway below.
It seems so odd, because in our world, it feels as if an atomic bomb had exploded overnight and we are all shell-shocked from our experiences over the last twenty-four hours. I was feeling sad, scared and like a homeless refugee and while looking out at the traffic streaming by on ‘A’ Avenue, as the rest of the world went about their lives and enjoyed the wonderful spring evening; I had to wonder if we will ever be so carefree again.
“Damn, Dave. You know what I just realized?” I asked as he pulled his eyes from watching the darkening sky to look at me.
“What’s that, honey?”
“This is exactly like the movie Poltergeist. We are living that last freakin’ scene when they made a mad dash from their house and into a motel.”
“Oh shit, don’t say that,” he said with a shake of his head and followed me back inside.
But we both know that we are absolutely living a real life horror movie now. Mentally, I made a note to myself to rent Poltergeist II sometime in the next few days. Here we go again” I thought. Frickin’ mutant warping freaks in search of answers!



Chapter 23


Torie
April 2015

I pulled Dave close again and wrapped an arm around his neck as Rose Lynn, who was sitting on my hip, did the same and slobbered a kiss onto his cheek. We, neither of us, wanted to let him go. It was late, though and Rose was way overdue for her bedtime. It was almost 10 p.m.
Dave kissed me, long and lingering and then ran his hand up and down my back absently as he looked at his truck where Jeff waited inside patiently. Jeff had a country radio station on, probably too loud for this time of night in a residential neighborhood and it was playing a song that neither of us really needed to hear right now, “What Hurts the Most” by Rascal Flatts.
“I’ll call you as soon as I get home,” Dave offered. “Just to be sure that nothing has happened.”
“We’ll be fine but call me anyway, just to say goodnight. I want you to tell me if anything at all happens to you. Promise me, Dave.” 
“I promise, honey—but we have tested this for weeks and it seems to have stopped. I thought that you were comfortable with this arrangement. You are okay with living here, right?”
I looked around the small yard and into the softly-lighted living room beyond the screen door, which was perfectly arranged, with some of our pieces from our house in Fremont and I had to concede that it is comforting to know that this house in the town of Hedrick which is owned by a client of Dave’s, had recently been completely restored by Dave. Dave and I had spent the last two days getting everything just right for Rose and me.
The client, who makes a living by flipping properties, has this house on the market but Dave and I have made a short term lease agreement with him for an exorbitant amount of money but it is worth it, because it gives Rose Lynn and me someplace to live. Someplace that seems to be warp-proof and Dave is right; we have tested this already several times and at least for the time being, it is the best that we can do.
Dave living in his house alone has also seemed to have stopped the warps. He has stayed over there several times in the last couple of weeks while Rose and I have stayed in Oskaloosa, then it was me in Hedrick alone, then all of us in Hedrick and taking sleeping shifts, etcetera. The testing of this current configuration of me and Rose here in Hedrick had officially been deemed a success a few days ago and we will now be here full time.
The last weeks have not been easy for us. When we’d started staying at this house in Hedrick, off and on during our warp testing process, we had somehow gotten onto the local news and it had been reported that we are separating. This news had quickly made the rounds to our family and friends and, consequently, we have had to field a shitload of concerned phone calls.
“I think that we’ll do fine here. It just sucks but…” I didn’t finish the thought. I had cried myself out over the last month, as we have dealt the best that we can with the situation, and at least now we are all out of the motel in Oskaloosa.
“It’s going to be okay,” he said positively. “We’ll get this figured out and we’re less than ten miles from each other.”
I hugged him again. He is always so upbeat, even when our life together is crumbling and we have officially stopped living as a married couple; he is still trying to see the bright side. I gave him another long and longing-filled kiss and he wrapped his arms around Rose and me tighter and deepened the kiss that reminded me of how much is still good about us. He pulled back and kissed the top of Rose’s head as he released us.
“Take care of Mommy, Rosebud,” he ordered. “Bye-bye.”
“Bye-bye, Daddy,” Rose said, laying her sleepy head on my shoulder as we watched Dave walk across the yard to his truck.
“Call me,” I added again.
“I will,” Dave promised as he turned around to take a final look at us. He walked backwards a few steps, slowly moving toward his truck before turning to hurry to the driver’s side.
I returned a wave to Jeff as he raised his hand toward me while Dave rounded the truck and climbed in. I watched until they started to back out of the drive before I headed inside and closed the door.



Chapter 24


Torie

With Rose tucked in and sleeping peacefully, I went to the spare bedroom, to the cardboard boxes of my albums and brought out a couple of binders full of family history documents, to go over them again. I sat down on the couch with my computer on my lap and turned on Letterman.
My phone rang almost immediately.
“Hey,” I answered.
“Hi, you doin’ okay?” Dave asked.
“Fine—Rosie is asleep. She went out like a light after reading just a couple pages of a story. I’ll bet that Shadow is glad to be home for good, huh?”
“Oh yeah, he had to check out every sweet spot in the yard and then took inventory of all of his toys. He’s sleeping soundly already,” he laughed. “Well, my love, I am going to get to sleep myself—I’m exhausted and I need to be at that job in Oskaloosa early tomorrow to meet that guy who is interested in doing a similar renovation to the project I’m working on over in Tioga. He’s going to show me his property and then we’ll run over to Tioga and let him take a look—so I’ll be close by throughout the day if you need me for anything. If I get his job it’ll take me through the first of May to complete. It would be a nice little project—lots of fancy old features I haven’t done in a while.”
“Okay, honey. Well, I plan on just staying around home. If you get a break stop by for lunch but if not, then we’ll see you tomorrow night for dinner, yes?” I asked to confirm.
“Sure. I should be over around six. Sleep well, babe. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“I love you, Dave.”
“I love you, Torie—stay strong. We’ll find some way out of this mess,” he assured me but I could hear the doubt in his voice.
“I will and I am going to keep searching for something that can help us,” I said in an upbeat tone. I felt like I needed to be confident because I could hear the lack of it in his voice. Like Yin and Yang, we are constantly adjusting, his dark to my light and vice versa, as needed, to support each other.
“Bye.”
As I ended the call, I brought up Google and continued my ritual of late, scouring the Internet for anything that might sound remotely like something which could give me answers or direction. I find it hard to believe that Dave and I are the only people on earth who are mutant time travelers.
Over the last month of our nightmare, I have become convinced that Dave and I both had some family in our distant pasts who were also time travelers. I had been thinking that for quite some time but when Dave had finally fessed up and told me some of the things that Mark Thompson had hinted at during his visit at the prison—I am now more convinced than ever.
I had wanted to go and talk with Thompson myself but Dave wasn’t having any of that. He’d pulled out his alpha male card big time and flat out told me no; actually his words were quote, “Absolutely not! Hell no!” end quote. He’d said that if the press were to get wind of me going to see Thompson that it would only cause more trouble for me and maybe others would try to meet with him and Dave didn’t think that it would take much pressure on the part of some nosey reporter, before Horn-Rims would be alluding to the warps.
Plus, Dave didn’t think that I would find out anything of importance because Thompson had pretty much admitted to him that he didn’t know anything about the travels first hand. His family may have traveled but Horn-Rims hadn’t and Dave got the sense that Thompson’s jealousy of that fact may have ultimately been his true motive for the murders.
My other clues, regarding Dave and my possible heritage, are, of course, those letters that I had come across, one written in 1875 by my third great-grandmother Jane Johnston Simpson and to my grandma Rose. The cryptic ending of the letter had been a reference to time travel, I am almost certain of that now.
The fact that I had found a similar message written in the 1879 and 1901 McFall letters and other slight hints here and there in other correspondences, had made me need to theorize that possibly it is the combination of Dave and I together that has re-ignited the mutant strain. Combining two people from families who were travelers is the issue and if that is true, will we need to forever be separate in order to avoid the travels? I don’t know and I wasn’t quite buying any of my theories, because I had traveled alone for months before Dave and I had gotten romantically involved. I just can’t seem to find any theory that I can’t, almost immediately, shoot holes through.
After Dave had told me about Thompson’s hint about warping, I’d decided to come clean and I’d told him about the letters that I had found. It hadn’t really done anything; telling him, I mean. It hadn’t changed anything but I had felt a little less on the verge of losing my frickin’ mind after having shared it with him.
Although our sad little family has spent the last month living like refugees and congregating every night in the motel or some configuration as we have tried to find the magic combination that is warp proof—Rose Lynn and I had spent most of the daytime hours over this last month at our house in Fremont. I’d combed through every letter and every card which I had found in the attic of our house inside the ocean wave dresser. I’d also gone through every book, drawer and cubby in Dave’s den because he has wall shelves full of books and old family history clippings and I had wanted to be sure that I hadn’t missed some important detail that might help.
In the end, I’d found only one other slight reference that had made me think time warp.
It had been in one of those ocean dresser Christmas cards written in 1896 and it had been from a McFall relative in Illinois and addressed to William McFall. The letter had ended with the closing:


As the sun caresses the earth, so too, does our gift shine upon each of us. God’s blessings to you and yours, William,
Aunt Vollie


Aunt Vollie had been Valentine Esther McFall Miyers. I had followed her line in Dave’s family tree, in hopes that maybe I could make contact with her descendants for assistance but the last of her line had died out in 1948.
I had also tried to find the descendants from the authors of the other letters with warp references but those were also dead ends. Besides, even if I would have found someone, would they know any more than Dave and I do? Obviously my great-great-great-grandmother Jane Johnston Simpson and Grandma Rose had possessed some knowledge of time travel but if anyone were to contact me because I am a descendant of those women, thinking that I might be of some help, I would be just like—duh! I would be totally useless.
After the death of William McFall, the letters received by Jacob McFall and his family never referenced anything odd again. The letters that were saved after Jacob’s death had been sporadic and had eventually died out completely. Not another word about time travel had been referenced in any of the mountain of McFall letters, cards or documents—giving me nothing more to go on. I had also scoured every document and letter, as well as the family history that my grandpa Arlan had written but again had found absolutely nothing more.
So here I am, sitting on my couch, trolling the Internet and looking for answers, just like I had when I’d first started warping and had been obsessively watching sci-fi movies and TV shows, hoping to find answers. I am just so totally freaking pathetic but so very desperate for some help—yet again.



Chapter 25


Dave

As I wished Torie a good night and hung up the phone, I stripped off my clothes and climbed into bed. I couldn’t fall asleep right away because my mind was still churning about everything that we are going through and also the stupid argument that I’d had with Jeff on the way home from Torie’s house tonight. He is really starting to piss me off and I know he just cares about us but he needs to back the hell off.
He had started up almost immediately when I’d made my way to the truck after Torie and Rose had stepped inside. His eyes were on me as I’d climbed in and he’d clicked off the radio.
“You want to tell me now what the hell is going on with you two?”
“Just leave it alone, Jeff,” I blew out a breath and put the truck into reverse. “I want to get you dropped off, grab Shadow and get home—I’m exhausted.”
“Dave, come on! Are you going to tell me that you are just going to throw away everything that you have built with Torie? I don’t believe that it’s something that you can’t work out. The lip lock that you just shared is not what people in conflict do.”
“We are having issues, Jeff. We’re working on them but for now this is the way that it has to be.”
“Whatever, dude,” Jeff barked, almost as if he were invested totally in the outcome. “I have known you my whole life, Dave and what I know for certain is that Torie is the best thing that has ever happened to you. She’s perfect for you and she is what you have needed and waited for ever since Laura split. The one thing that I know about you, Cameron, is that you were meant to be a family man and I can’t believe that you are letting your wife and baby girl slip through your fingers like this. I thought that you had fight in you, man. Giving up on Torie so easily—whatever it is, it can’t be worth this shit.”
“Christ! Just drop it. My problems are mine. You can’t fix everything, Jeff. This isn’t yours to fix.”
“I’m not saying that I can fix it; I’m just asking you to explain it. Why have you and Torie been staying at the Budget Inn off and on for the last month?”
“You are unbelievable. So you’ve been lurking around spying on us?” I roared, really pissed off now. Plus, I wasn’t prepared for him knowing all of our business tonight and I really didn’t have an answer that would make sense.
“It’s been all over the town, Dave and besides, every time I drop by at your house, you are both gone; every call I make to you, you send me right to voicemail and I have been babysitting your dog for the last few weeks, in case you forgot! It doesn’t take a genius to figure out that something isn’t right about the entire thing. It’s a small town, Dave—hell, everyone knows everybody’s business. I’ll bet you could find out who I hooked up with last weekend and what time she left my place if you asked around.”
I could see his smile in the dim glow of the dashboard lights when I glanced over at him. He was trying to defuse the tension between us before it got out of hand. That is just what he does. Jeff is about good times and being easygoing. He isn’t a fighter.
“I already know, you ass,” I said with a snort of a laugh, and then confessed. “Mostly Torie and Rose have been staying there.”
“Then why have I been babysitting Shadow? Where have you been staying if not at your place?” he pressed.
“Jeff, we are done with this. I just want to pick up Shadow and get home. Drop it. You need to just let this go,” I said with finality and I had flipped the radio on and turned up the volume as I had stepped on the gas, wanting only to get Jeff home and end the conversation before it went any further.
I know that it doesn’t make a damn bit of sense and I know that Jeff isn’t an idiot. The entire situation is confounding everyone who knows Torie and me but it is our only option. We have to keep our secret about the warps, we have to stop the warps and we have to keep our daughter safe. End of story.



Chapter 26


Dave

I felt as if I was going to topple over; the effect of a dozen horses in double harness moving in a blur around me as I stood high above them at the center; was causing me to feel dizzy. I crouched down to grab the platform that I was standing atop. It was like I was standing in the center of a wagon wheel; the spokes of the wheel being attached to each team of two horses.
I instantly knew what this was. This was how machinery had been run at the turn of the century when real horse power had been the energy behind saws and threshing machines. I had seen lots of photographs of this process. The circling horses were turning a rod which ran along the ground and was attached to a gear and belts that were, in turn, powering a wood saw. Several men were working at a table nearby, sawing lumber. The wood saw being used was literally a twelve horsepower saw.
“Jake, you need a break?” a man shouted loudly to be heard over the sound of the saw and the horse’s snorts and harnesses rattling.
I attempted to stand up again but I just couldn’t seem to get my equilibrium and crouched back down. I couldn’t tell if the sense of unbalance was me or the guy whose body I was inhabiting.
The man whistled loudly and several men came forward to stop the horses and the other men turned from the saw to take a look in my direction.
The man waved me off of the platform and I jumped down to the ground and crouched down to go under the rigging and in between the teams of horses. I wiped sweat off of my brow with my forearm and bumped against a straw hat sitting atop my head that I hadn’t even realized that I was wearing. I removed it and fanned my face.
“Hot up there,” I said and was struck by my voice. It was very deep, quite a bit deeper than my usual voice.
“I’ll take a turn,” the man said and hurried to take my place, agilely shimmying atop the platform and standing with ease as he whistled and made a circling motion with his hand. I came forward to wave my hat and lightly tapped the rear of the nearest horse and it started off again.
A teenaged boy came up to me and handed me a tin cup of water. I thanked him and downed it quickly, realizing then that I was very thirsty. I placed the hat back upon my head to shield my eyes from the bright mid-day sun and then watched as the energy from the horses, starting their circuit around the center gear, had generated enough watts for the wood saw to start up again and I walked over to get a firsthand look at the process of sawing lumber.
I had known immediately that I am in a time warp. No idea where I am or when, but we are on the edge of a tree line and several young trees were laid out and several more had already been turned into planks of lumber. A couple of the men were moving the lumber to a wagon close by as soon as it was cut.
As I approached, I reached into the back pocket of my pants and pulled out a kerchief and blotted the sweat from the back of my neck and then placed it back into my pants. It was almost as if it was a natural thing to do—not really something natural for me to do and I’d had no idea that I’d intended to do it because I had been preoccupied with the saw. I didn’t even have any idea that a kerchief was in my pants but I had reached for it just the same. It had to be the action of the rightful owner of the body I am inhabiting, coming through and it was a very odd sensation.
I let the thought go as I studied the saw process, watching as the generator in the center beneath the man on the platform, in turn, worked the tumbling rod lying along the ground which the horses were stepping over with each circuit around the circle. That in turn was attached to a large belt between the gear and the jack. I was impressed by the speed the saw was able to achieve—it took just a matter of seconds for each nice straight plank of lumber to be produced. I stepped up to take a plank from the end of the saw and carried it to the waiting wagon. I had just slid the plank into the back of the wagon when I heard a sudden yelling.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” several men shouted and then in just the time that it took me to turn around; it happened. The belt was coming off of the saw and as they tried to stop the horses, the tumbling rod just came apart in pieces and a portion of the rod struck a horse in a hind leg severing the limb at the knee and the horse collapsed screaming in agony and pulling its harness mate to the ground, as well. Both animals thrashed and whinnied in terror as several men came to their aid. Another portion of the rod had flown with such force that it had hit a man standing at the saw in the back of the head, knocking him several feet away where he lay on the ground, motionless.
As the men gathered around him, I already knew that the man was dead. I knew that he had been killed instantly because I knew, all at once, exactly who he was. I turned back to the wagon and grabbed a shotgun from the bench seat and dashed back to the team of horses.
“Jake, let me. Go see about your father,” the man who had relieved me from the platform duty said.
I handed him the gun and hurried toward the saw and the gathering of men who were crouched around my fallen great-great-grandfather William McFall and I jumped as the shot rang out and the screaming of the maimed horse suddenly came to an abrupt end.



Chapter 27


Dave

I jolted awake with a quick intake of breath and stared at the dark bedroom ceiling above me. I reached to the other side of the bed, needing to feel Torie and take her into my arms but the cool empty sheets were all that I touched. As I remembered that I no longer live with my wife or daughter, I turned to look at the clock at my bedside: 5:00 a.m. I tossed the sheet off of myself and groggily reached out to turn off the alarm so that it wouldn’t sound. I had it set for 5:15 anyway so I might as well get up now.
I headed to the bathroom and as I looked into the mirror after washing my hands, I absently ran my hand over the scruffy stubble of my jaw, while remembering the time warp. I braced my hands against the vanity, staring into my eyes in the mirror while considering what I had experienced and thinking that I should probably be scared shitless by the fact that it was starting up again but oddly I was feeling pretty calm about the fact and actually a little happy about the reality of it.
“Sick bastard,” I said with a sneer at my reflection and flipped the light switch off.
I went back to my bedroom and grabbed a tee shirt out of my dresser and some sweatpants and then paused to look at the perfumes and little feminine things that Torie had left behind on our dresser. A jeweled bowl that contained some of her earrings, a bottle of burnt-sienna colored fingernail polish. I removed the top to a bottle of Woman perfume by Jovan; it was an empty bottle but the fragrance lingered. I inhaled and closed my eyes, enjoying it. This is Torie—her signature fragrance.
Torie, I thought with dread. What the hell am I going to tell Torie?
“Not a damn thing,” I answered myself aloud immediately, placing the perfume bottle back on the dresser firmly. This little trip is going to go with me to my grave.
She will never know about what I experienced last night, I vowed silently. If she were to know that our current living arrangement isn’t the answer, it would totally devastate her. Torie is a strong woman but telling her this would bring nothing good to the situation.
I headed downstairs and let Shadow outside and then went into the kitchen to start a pot of coffee. After I had it going, I headed down the hall to the den and flipped the lights on. I walked in and stood looking around at the book-lined walls. I didn’t really know what I was searching for but I knew that I wanted to find some evidence to do with last night.
I scanned along the shelves and pulled out a couple of scrap books and thumbed through them, looking for something about the accident. There had been stories about it in the newspapers because I can remember my grandpa Joseph showing me clippings about it when I was a boy.
After a few minutes, I gave up and put the books back in their appropriate slots and turned off the lights, heading back toward the kitchen. I paused to let Shadow in the front door and then looked up at the portraits of my ancestors along the staircase and turned on the light switch and climbed up the steps until I stood before a photograph of William McFall.
It was a tintype from about 1885 or so and was of him, large and formidable; standing and holding his shotgun, with his favorite hunting dog sitting at his heel. William McFall had been a strong, tough, powerful man. I had seen him that way during the recent funeral warp when I had been Joshua McFall, the warp that had chased Torie and me from our house. Last night though, I had seen him just as the life had been seeping from his body. He had been gray and still and a large pool of his blood had stained and spread upon the ground beneath his head as I’d held his hand in my own.
In the time warps that I had shared with him from before, when I had traveled at Torie’s house; he had been young. One had been a time warp involving farming and in the warp, I had been one of his brothers. This trip, I had been his son Jacob, my own great-grandfather.
I would bet money that Torie knows everything about what I experienced last night. I am about positive that she probably has every single newspaper clipping. She probably knows about his funeral, probably has his obituary and likely knows exactly who had been present at his death and every detail of the accident that took my great-great-grandfather in the prime of his life and right before the eyes of several of his sons back in 1901.
I reached out to touch the frame gently and then moved on up the stairs to the next frame and studied another tintype of William with his wife Katherine and their young children, including Ivy Wyman’s future husband Joshua at about twelve years of age and my great-grandfather Jacob at about the age of ten and I was again surprised by the intense emotional links that I share with all of these people from the past.

***

The time travel when I lived the death of William McFall was not to be the end of the experiences. They were sporadic at first and I would go a few days without one but then I would have another warp and it didn’t take long before they became an every night occurrence.
I have decided that I am keeping all of the travels to myself, though. There is no reason to tell Torie about them because I feel that I can deal with them on my own. And I know that I am, in essence, lying to her by keeping this secret from her but I also know that mentally and emotionally, Torie can’t take much more. We, the both of us, are keeping it together—but just barely.



Chapter 28


Torie
August 2015

I pulled my truck up to the curb outside of Tim’s Time Out and hopped out, lifting the hatch. I had offered to help out the alumni association by delivering a box of fifty copies of Keith Dinsmore’s book Fremont Forever to Tim Dinsmore because I have the time. Tim is planning a Hawkeye football event for one of the pre-season exhibition games which is to be televised on Saturday so he had offered to drum up support and sales of the alumni project.
Plus it was a good excuse for him to have a major party event which Tim’s Time Out is known for. Every weekend in the fall and going into the winter, he always cooks brats out back or has a big pot of homemade chili on hand. He and Steve from the bar across the street will try and outdo each other, which makes for some great partying during the Iowa Hawkeye football season.
I grabbed up the box, hurriedly heading inside because I only have about two hours before I need to pick Rose Lynn up from preschool/daycare. It is a first experience for both of us and I’m not sure if I’m ready for her to spend time in an out of the home daycare setting but it is just to have the option if I need to be somewhere and it is a flexible, casual arrangement. This particular day, it will give me just enough time to drop off the box of books and spend some time at home alone in Hedrick, getting a few things done.
When I swung the door open and stepped inside I had to give my eyes a minute to adjust to the low light before I could see that the bar was deserted. It was only 2:30 and the after work crowd wouldn’t start to trickle in for a couple of hours yet.
“Torie, how you doin’?” Tim greeted me as he turned to lower the volume of the cranked up radio blasting out of the speaker system, until it became a soft background noise.
“Good, Tim. Where do you want these?” I asked as I set the edge of the box on a bar stool.
Tim quickly came around the bar to relieve me of my load.
“I’ll put them in the storeroom. Be right back,” he said as he hoisted the box into his beefy arms with ease.
I took a seat at the bar to wait for him, scanning my smart phone for any messages while I waited.
The bar door opened behind me and I turned to see who the newcomer was and saw that it was none other than Jeff Allman.
“Hey, hey, lady. Fancy meeting you here,” he joked and dropped onto the stool next to mine. He reached out to squeeze my shoulders in a brief hug, then propped both of his forearms on the padded rest that skirted the walnut counter, leaning there and lacing his fingers as he grinned over at me.
“Kind of early in the day for you to be hitting the bar, isn’t it?” he joked.
“Could be saying the same thing to you,” I parried quickly with a curious raised eyebrow before giving him a smile.
Tim came from the backroom and stepped behind the bar, pointing a finger at Jeff, “Miller Light?”
Jeff nodded, looking over at me, “Can I buy you one?”
“No, I was just dropping something off for Tim. I have things to do—but thanks.”
“Aw, come on—buy you a Coke then?” he said enticingly.
“Okay, just a Coke,” I agreed after checking my wrist-watch again and Tim went to work filling our orders.
Tim dropped a napkin on the counter before each of us as he set the drinks down and waited while Jeff dug into his jeans for a few dollar bills and tossed them on the counter.
“So shouldn’t you be at the learning center? I thought you were doing the roofing this week on the new garage building that they added.”
Jeff removed his ball cap and set it on the bar, running his hands through his short-cropped hair and then lifted his glass to take a sip of his beer.
As he did, I admired the new little black tattoo that he had added to his left forearm. It was a small intricate geometric pattern and when I had seen it last, it had been fresh and still reddened. The fact that it was now completely healed reminded me that Jeff and I don’t see much of each other these days and it also reminded me of how desperately I miss my old life with Dave which has always included this man.
“Our materials were delayed but since Dave is still doing some of the interior stuff, I helped him with that and then some inspectors dropped by a couple of hours ago and Dave had to take them around so we had to call it a day. Hey, how did you know about the roofing job?” he drawled, his voice taking on a sarcastic sneer.
Jeff is still trying to sort out exactly what is going on with Dave and me. The separate living arrangement is really confusing him—actually it is continuing to throw everyone for a loop and it has been over four months now. I wonder when everyone is going to just let it go and accept that Dave and I, for whatever reason, are separated but playing nice for the sake of our daughter.
I had fielded another long emotional call from my sister Sarah just last night as we’d shared a heartfelt, sisterly conversation. The sharing was heartfelt on her end—for my part it was all smoke and mirrors. I wove some stupid tale that was supposed to explain the situation again but my pretend logic for Dave and my inability to live as man and wife any longer sounded just ridiculous. I don’t think that Sarah bought a word that I said but we had ended the call with her saying that she understood and asking me to keep her posted.
“Is Dave still at the job?” I asked, ignoring Jeff’s snarky question.
He gave me a quirk of a half-smile but when he spoke the tone of his voice did not match his jovial expression. His next words continued to drip with sarcasm.
“Oh, that’s right, you’re estranged from Dave so you wouldn’t know, would you?”
I took a sip of my drink as I dared a glance at Tim. He stood close by listening in as he was braced with one hand, leaning behind the bar but quickly averted his eyes from us and grabbed up a pen and pad. He turned away as he looked at the wall of liquor bottles, jotted a few things down on the pad and then he discreetly headed to the back room, leaving us alone.
“Jeff, I am not going to get into this with you again, so please don’t start with me. I think that Dave has talked to you about the situation about a million times, hasn’t he?”
“I want to hear your latest version. Seeing Dave more often than you, especially the last couple of weeks while helping on the garage job—I can tell you that this shit is killing the guy, Torie. I don’t know what’s happened between you two lately but he was really struggling to keep it together today. You’re doing a real number on him,” he growled, letting his true anger directed toward me shine through for a moment before he reined it in.
“Hey, Jeff, where’s your wife? Huh? Oh that right, you don’t have one do you?” I snapped. “Okay, so let’s see—what happened to Diane, or Kim or Shannon? Wait—I don’t think I know the name of your current conquest. Who is it this week?” I asked rhetorically and continued. “If you can’t get your own shit in order, then you have no room to have any input into our problems.”
“This week it’s Caroline,” he said. “We just met.”
He pulled out a slip of paper from his back pocket and held it out so that I could see that it was a phone number and he gave me a crooked smile.
“Jeff, I’ll make you a deal. You explain to me why a handsome, smart, great guy like you can’t seem to spend more than a weekend playing house and if you can explain that crap to me—then I will explain mine to you. What do you say?”
“I like playing house for the weekend,” he chuckled with a cavalier attitude, shrugging his shoulders.
“It’s an act, Jeff. I haven’t known you forever but I have known you long enough to get you. You gotta always pretend that you’re the bad boy because it’s easier that way. You could have any woman that you want but you can’t seem to commit to any of them.”
“Torie, I’m a confirmed bachelor. You know that,” he laughed.
“That’s such a load of shit, Jeff. You want someone—you’re just afraid of letting someone in and I can’t figure out why that is. But hey—just like me and Dave, it’s something that doesn’t make sense, right?”
“I guess we’re at a stalemate, aren’t we?” he said tightly, looking intently into my eyes.
He was obviously not going to give me an honest answer regarding his questionable lifestyle. “I guess we are,” I agreed looking away.
“Torie,” he said and the tone of his voice threw me because it had suddenly changed to a soft plea. I looked back at him. “I don’t want to fight with you—I just want to ask a favor of you. Please don’t destroy my best friend—he’s the best man I know, honey.”
I studied his expressive nutmeg-brown eyes seeing the real concern for Dave there and I wished that there were something that I could tell him that would reassure him without giving away any of Dave and my deep dark secrets. All I could do was stand from my seat and as I reached out toward him, he turned to open his arms to me. I kissed his cheek and gave him a warm hug.
“Please believe that we are figuring it all out, Jeff—really we are. I love him as much as you do—he is everything to me and I will never hurt him. That’s the best that I can do for now. I’m sorry for getting all pissy. Will you forgive me?”
“Forgiven,” he said. “I’m sorry, too.”
I picked up my purse as Tim came from the backroom. “I need to get going, Tim. Good luck with your event.”
“Hey, you stop by this weekend if you get time.”
“Maybe I will,” I said and then looked at Jeff. “Have a good one, Jeff.”
“Hey!” Jeff called after me and I turned back at the door as he turned toward me on his stool. “Dave was heading home.”
“Thanks, Jeff. I’ll see you later,” I said as I pushed out the door.



Chapter 29


Dave

I was sitting in the passenger seat of an old Ford sedan. The man driving the car, from what I could see of him was of average build and that was about all that I could tell in the dark. We were driving on gravel and he was trying to avoid the large ruts that stretched out before us on the dark rural road. It was obviously late evening because the quarter moon was high in the night sky.
We both had our side windows down and I watched the driver lean out to adjust a spotlight mounted outside the window just to the left of the windshield. He angled it so that the beam hit closer to the front of the car. It appeared that we were driving without headlights; perhaps something was wrong with them—I have no idea but I could see that coming down the narrow road from the opposite direction was another vehicle and its headlights were very bright. They nearly blinded me.
“Damn it,” the man barked. “Marv, lean out there and check my clearance.”
I could see that we were coming up on an embankment and to, what looked to be, a small bridge and a creek running below. I did as he asked and I leaned out of my window to try and find the edge of the road as the other car approached.
“You’re too close!” I shouted. “Move to the left.”
He tried to do as I instructed but the right front wheel caught in a rut at the edge of the road. With no curb or shoulder, it was a matter of seconds and the car went over into the ditch and then it was just nothing but a blur and whirl of tumbling until we splashed to a jarring rest in the creek. I could see the headlights of the other car on the road up above us but as the moments ticked by no one seemed to be coming to our rescue.
The fast moving frigid water was numbing and I guessed that it was probably forty degrees or less. I could feel the weight of the car on my legs and pelvis pressing me into the muddy soft bottom of the creek bed. I was pinned under the roof of the car; facing upwards and barely keeping my upper torso above water while I held onto the passenger side window frame. The driver had tumbled out my same side of the car and was trapped beside me face down. I was situated in such a way that I was unable to get to him and I helplessly watched his arms flail as he frantically struggled to lift his head out of the water.
“Help him!” I shouted out but the effort of trying to get air into my lungs and make a sound caused me to lose my hold on the edge of the window frame and I went under and got a nose and mouthful of water before I was able to fight my way back to the surface and shout again. “Help him!”
The man was only a couple of feet away from me but might as well have been miles because I couldn’t reach for him without going back under myself. I lifted up and turned my head to get another look at him and in just those few moments time, his struggles had stopped and his arms were bobbing limply on the surface. It was just then that a young man made his way down to us where we rested a good twenty feet below the roadway.
“I’m here. Go on!” he shouted and I could see the headlights of the other vehicle moving off.
The guy, who wasn’t more than a teenager, I decided, struggled to lift the car without any success and then quickly grabbed the driver by his hair trying to lift him up to get his face out of the water, but it was no use. He couldn’t lift his head enough to even get his nose above the surface.
He turned his attention to me and fell to his knees, bracing himself behind me and lifting my torso to keep me out of the quickly rushing torrent. My strength was all but sapped from the effects of the near freezing temperature and I was pretty sure that I had a broken left arm. I relaxed and held onto the frame with just my right hand and let the boy hold me up to keep me from sinking deeper as the car settled. I allowed my fractured left arm to float at my side and I could feel my fingers growing numb.
“The girls went back for help,” the young man said. “Someone will be here soon. Just hold on.”

***

I came from remembering the warp I had lived just last night and as the warm shower water ran over my face, I rinsed the shampoo from my hair and tried to release the memory from my mind. “Shit, Cameron. You need to get ahold of yourself,” I said aloud quietly.
I had awakened from the time warp this morning at 9:00 a.m. with a curse bursting from my lips and in a cold sweat. By the time I’d gotten ready and out the door, Jeff and the other guys had already been at the job site and were in the middle of a day’s work when I had finally arrived.
When I had come awake this morning it had been like when you wake up from a nightmare and are so thankful that none of it had been real. But in my case it had been painfully real. Maybe not happening to me personally but I had felt every bit of the fear and pain and panic the man named Marv had experienced. Give me one of those long ago sweet time travels when my biggest problem had been that I must make love to a beautiful woman. I would give anything for one of those kinds of warps over what I have been treated to lately.
Last night had been a hell of a warp. I had been in the water for forty-five minutes when help had finally arrived and freed my crushed body from beneath the automobile. I had been slowly sinking deeper and deeper into the muddy creek bed and the teenaged boy had struggled in his own personal hell as he had tried to fend off hypothermia and keep my head above water. The terror in his voice had been palpable as the car had started to roll more, leveling onto its top and sucking me deeper under until I had been barely keeping my nose and mouth above the surface.
My ears had been submerged and I hadn’t been able to catch but a part of a word now and then as he’d adjusted his hold and had continued to talk to me. “Stay wi—e bud—Hol...”
The weight of the car slowly pressing on my diaphragm and restricting my breathing had continued, gradually, minute by minute. I had been slowing being suffocated as the wind had been squeezed out of me, inch by inch. It had been the most terrifying and excruciating experience I have ever endured. The dead body floating in the water next to me had edged closer as the car had shifted until his lifeless arm had bumped repeatedly into the side of my face as the boy and I had struggled to keep me afloat. Talk about a fricking nightmare. I had previously thought that getting shot in the head by Horn-Rims back in 1959 had been the worst possible thing that I could have ever experienced but that had been a walk in the park compared to this shit.
I now ran a squirt of shower gel over my body and tried to release the thoughts of the time warp as I finished rinsing but, all at once, another memory was shoved into the forefront of my brain and it was like a punch in the face. I slammed my fist into the unforgiving tile of the shower wall to try and divert my attention but it kept coming and even my throbbing knuckles couldn’t stop my mind from taking me back. It was from just a few days ago and it had been just as horrible as the car accident had been, but in a very different way…
I arrived in the warp alone and standing in a barn with a pitchfork in my hand. I was up in a hay loft and the scene was still except for the tweets of barn sparrows. The quiet of the moment was shattered though, before I even got my bearings. The screams of a woman and what sounded like a wounded animal shocking me into immediate action.
Dropping the pitchfork, I dashed for the ladder and had hardly touched a rung as I quickly descended. I raced from the barn, skidding to a stop to look around, trying to locate the sound. I ran around the side of the barn, to see a woman standing outside a house holding a flailing small child. The baby was contorted in agony and as I raced toward them I could see that the child had heavy smoke rising from its head and body but as I got closer I could see it wasn’t from fire. As I met her part way across the yard I could see that the baby was soaking wet.
“Arthur, help her,” the woman screamed. “She fell into the bucket. I only turned my back for a second.”
What I had thought were puffs of smoke coming off of the baby’s body were actually wisps of steam and she was soaked in scalding hot water. The woman, probably not knowing any better because it was early in the nineteen hundreds hadn’t even thought to get the scalding wet clothing off of the poor little girl.
“Water pump!” I shouted over the child’s blood curdling screams, as I looked frantically about the yard and grabbed the toddler from her arms.
She pointed to the spigot and I dashed to the pump and as gently as I could, considering the urgency, laid the child on the ground and began priming the pump as quickly as I could until the water started gushing from the faucet head and onto the little girl. The baby sputtered as the icy cold liquid soaked her chest and splashed up onto her face. The woman dropped to her knees and lifted the baby up so that she wasn’t being drowned.
“Get her clothes off!” I shouted and the woman obeyed quickly and then used her cupped hand to dribble the cold water over the baby’s head and face while holding the rest of her body under the stream while I continued to pump. By the time the baby’s cries became gurgling gasps for air as her tongue, mouth and throat swelled and constricted her breathing, I knew that she was beyond help. She mercifully slipped into shock a few moments later and a few minutes later she was released from her torture by death.
The little face was unrecognizable as belonging to that of a little child. Her eyes looked as if swollen shut but it was actually her lids and eyeballs bulging out of the sockets because of the pressure of huge water-filled blisters and I was sure that she would have been blind at the very least, had she survived. Her entire head was a solid horrible mass of blood-red blisters. Her upper body had been submerged in the deep wooden bucket filled with boiling hot wash water, the woman explained to me as I stopped pumping and exhausted, sank to the ground. The child’s neck, arms and upper body were all similarly scalded and blistered.
“Arthur, I had just taken the pot off of the fire and poured it into the bucket and was only out of the room for a moment. Only long enough to fetch another cloth from the linen closet. It was just a moment,” she cried, looking to me.
She will never be the same, I thought sadly. This will be a day that will haunt this young mother for the rest of her life.
The woman, whose arms were also badly scalded and would require immediate tending to, sobbed inconsolably and for just a few minutes her injuries were forgotten. I pulled her in between my legs and wrapped them both in my arms. Soaking wet, we sat in the mud and grass before the water pump and I let her weep as she held her dead baby girl in her arms. I spoke quiet words to her as she sobbed into my neck and I rocked them both gently. It was all that I could do. In just a matter of minutes I had watched a tiny life snuffed out before my eyes and I was helpless and unable to do anything to change it. I was nothing more than a hapless witness to the tragedy and it hit a little too close to home because the toddler had been just a little bit younger than Rose Lynn.
“Damn!” I whispered, trying to release the scene as I used a towel to clear the mirror of steam and then lathered and shaved my face carefully. If this doesn’t come to an end or at least stop being these excruciating horror fests every night, I don’t know how much longer my mind will be able to take it.
I have always considered myself to be a pretty brave guy and strong mentally, but nothing could have prepared me for what I’ve been living through at night. Thinking about the travels, one occurrence at a time, it seems like I am being a wimp and should man up and grow some stones but I have been living the tragic experiences of many, many people for generations and then keeping it all inside my head along with my own life and times.
Since I had started warping nightly, I have been thrown off of a horse and lay in a freezing creek with a broken back for hours and hours in the near dead of winter, all alone. I have been injured by a corn auger and lost two fingers. I have been a boy and nearly drowned in a grain bin but was saved by his father just as I had been slipping under. I have been beaten nearly to death by an abusive alcoholic father, survived a close call with a tornado, been a young boy run away with by an out of control horse that ran headlong into an oncoming dray. I was thrown clear but had suffered the pain of several broken bones.
Little by little, one by one, the horror of the time warps are adding up. I am in purgatory and I am completely alone with it. The only person I could even consider telling would be Torie but I know that it is not an option because she can’t take any more upset in her life. I have got to keep this to myself and I am totally losing it.
Leaving the house to escape the warps and staying elsewhere is not an option because then Torie will know why, and joining her in Hedrick would only mean that we would need to sleep in shifts again. No, I need to just get my shit together and deal with it. Torie and Rose are safe and that is what matters most and besides, sometimes the warps are wonderful to live. There are those that are interesting and amusing, enjoyable even, but these bad ones seem to outweigh the good and are just hell to endure and all that I can do is ride them out.
I finished up shaving as I pondered that I have a few hours yet to get my act together before I head to Torie’s for dinner and to spend time with her and Rose. I pulled open the bathroom door and a cloud of steam followed me as I walked down the hall toward the bedroom with just a towel tucked about my hips and a towel around my shoulders that I was using to buff my damp hair dry. When I turned to enter my bedroom, I came to a dead stop.
“Hey, sexy,” Torie greeted me softly.
She was lying across our bed, propped up on one elbow and wearing nothing but a smile. She had her arm draped along her curvy hip and was all creamy white skin and soft pink-tipped breasts, long, long legs and her gorgeous seductive smile. She slipped her hand off of her hip to reach out and pat the bed invitingly.



Chapter 30


Dave

I felt like a man dying of thirst, finally given a sip of water. I wasted no time ditching the towels on a nearby chair as I slipped into bed beside Torie and gave her the deepest, most passionate kiss that I have planted on her in a long time—more than passionate, it was downright desperate. All the horror that I had just been reliving kind of melted away as I inhaled her heavenly perfume and pulled her into my arms. Torie in my arms right now was the best medicine that I could have ever received, to help to sooth my battered psyche.
“Where’s Rose? Still at the day care?”
“Yep, for about another hour.”
“Hmmm, looks like you already have an idea of how you want to spend that hour,” I whispered, claiming every curve and valley of her body with my hands.
“I was thinking that we might be able to make the most of it. What do you think?”
“God, I miss you in this bed so much—every night I miss you, honey. You just have no idea,” I confessed as Torie pushed me onto my back and climbed on top and straddled my body.
“I ran into Jeff earlier. He seems to think you are on the edge of some deep despair. You doing okay?” she asked as she ran her gentle hands over my chest, down my ribs and to my abdomen.
I lifted my hand to touch her cheek and ran my thumb along her delicate chin and she covered my hand with hers and turned her face to kiss my palm.
“God, I love you, Torie. Don’t ever leave me, please?”
“Hey, where’s this coming from? What’s going on with you? Talk to me,” she demanded with concern.
“I just had a little bit of a melt-down earlier today and took it out on some defenseless building supplies. Probably why Jeff said something,” I confessed with a chuckle, attempting a lighter tone than I was feeling.
I actually had had a hellish flashback of the scalded little baby while we were working on finishing the inside of the garage earlier today and had flipped a workbench full of lumber and tools over, before hurling my hammer across the room and halfway through a wall. The memory of the child had just come to me on the heels of a flashback of another gut-wrenching experience I had lived recently. It had been a house fire in rural Mahaska County and I had been a young boy, who with his two younger siblings, had clung to each other as we had watched our parents and baby sister hovering near an upstairs window, all three aflame and burning to death while we stood shivering in the cold in just our nightclothes, unable to do anything but listen to their screams.
Being assaulted by flashbacks of my warps lately—it has become just so shocking, the way that they come at me one right after another, like taking a one-two punch right between my eyes.
“I just get tired of our life going the way that it is and being unable to fix things,” I said. I hated admitting even that much to her because I feel like a coward and a loser. I am supposed to be her protector and the man with a plan. I sure am not feeling it at this point in my life. I have to admit to myself that I am really pretty desperate and white knuckling it as I try to hang on to my sanity.
“Dave, we’re going to get through this,” she assured me with a sweet smile. “And let me tell you something, sweetheart—I do have a pretty good idea about what you’re feeling. I miss you, too and I don’t want you to ever think otherwise.”
She leaned down to kiss me and let her soft, soft tongue slide through my parted lips and into my mouth while smoothing her lovely breasts lightly across my bare chest in a heavenly caress. “So how about for the next little while you let me show you just how much I miss you, okay?”
“Okay,” I agreed quietly, blinking up at her.
I can recall a handful of times I have ever cried in my adult life: the warp when I had experienced the slaughter of the entire Thompson family, the loss of Laura, the death of my grandpa Joe and I’d gotten a little teary-eyed at the birth of our baby Rose, but looking up just now at this precious, beautiful angel above me, swooping in to rescue me from myself—I came very close.
She kissed me deeply and I closed my eyes, ran my hands up and down over her silky soft back and then I let everything else just drift away.
Torie doesn’t know it but she is saving my life right now, every bit as much as the young teenager had saved me when I had been an injured, panicked and near drowning man just last night in my dreams. During the next hour, Torie brought me back from the edge of a black abyss and from drowning in the inescapable nightmare of my existence as she reminded me of just how good we are together, how much we need each other and that it is okay for me not to have all of the answers.
I let go and let her make sweet love to me and I surrendered every bit of my tortured mind and body to her gentle care. Without even realizing it, she was giving me what I need to shore up my spirit and in the process she was also soothing my weary heart and my lonely aching soul.



Chapter 31


Dave

I pulled into the cemetery and drove around to the deepest part of the U-shaped drive so that my truck wouldn’t be visible from the road. I am on a mission and determined to find what I am looking for, even if it takes me all day but it shouldn’t take that long, because I already have a good idea of the direction. She should be buried in the furthest southeast section; at least it had been the furthest southeast section back in 1873.
The death of the newborn baby girl isn’t any more or less important than the other three tiny babies who I had held in my arms while their lives had slipped away and their mother’s had sobbed in an agony that only women who have lost a newborn can understand. All the warps had occurred in the last century and the babies had each had major physical defects. Even if they would have been born in the present day with all of our advanced intensive care now available, it’s hard to say whether any of them would have lived.
This particular baby is important because I had stayed in the warp for what had amounted to two days in ‘warp time’ and I had been present for the small funeral, here in Cedar Township Cemetery. The other warps, involving newborns, had ended before I had been able to find out who I was or anything else that would have helped me to find them. But with the death of Fairy June McFall, I possess everything that I need in order to find her grave, that is, if the plan had actually been carried out…
In a modest log cabin on McFall land north of my current home, a man in his early twenties named Silas and his young wife Clara dressed their dead newborn in her christening gown and laid her gently on a blanket and then carefully into a small wooden coffin. I had constructed the coffin myself and I didn’t known whether Silas McFall had possessed the carpentry skills that I have but I did my best to build a fitting last resting place for the infant. Clara wrapped the ends of the cushiony hand-knitted blanket around the baby as if tucking her in for a night’s sleep and a little rag doll was placed at her side.
“To keep her company,” Clara whispered.
I wiped the tears from under Clara’s lovely amber eyes, kissed her mouth and hugged her carefully, mindful of her delicate condition, before she turned back to take her last look at the tiny baby. With a nod at me, Clara indicated that she was ready and I placed the lid snuggly on top, nailed the coffin closed and lifted the box from the dining table and took it to the wagon that stood waiting, for the short journey to the cemetery.
When I returned to the cabin, Clara’s brother Walker, the only other family who would be attending the short graveside service, was sitting at the table as Clara brought a small bag from a deep wooden chest at the foot of our bed. I tried to help her but she shook her head, indicating that she was fine but I knew better. She’d had a hard delivery and was having a lot of pain and bleeding. She took a seat at the table as she spoke.
“Daughter of S & C McFall—then her full name and I want it to say ‘born and died 3 June 1873’. I have just the perfect stone I want to be placed just below the date in a place of prominence.”
The headstone was to be crafted by Walker himself, who was a mason and I watched as he wrote the instructions down carefully on a scrap of paper with a graphite pencil.
“Silas, would you please fetch the other bag?” she asked me, indicating the chest.
I hurried to obey and brought a second, slightly larger burlap sack and set it on the table. Walker removed the twine from the top of the smaller bag and handed the bag to Clara who then dumped it over until it emptied in the middle of the table. She sifted through the stones in search of one in particular.
“This bag is mostly rose quartz but this,” Clara said and held up a large unfinished stone of brilliant blue turquoise. “This should make a perfect center piece, with the rest scattered about amid the quartz, pyrite, agates and the rest.”
She motioned to the bag before me and I pulled the twine and reached inside, scooping out a handful of stones. The bag was full of limestone clusters veined with sparkling bands of pyrite or what I have always heard called fool’s gold and many other colorful gems. Clara used her index finger to sift through the stones that I held.
“Here’s a feldspar from Linn County, gypsum from Appanoose and this,” she said holding up a small translucent-yellow stone. “Calcite from right here in Mahaska.”
“It will take me some time, Clara but I should have it ready to place within a month or so. You are sure that you want to give me all of your gems? This is all that you have left of Grandpa Trevor that is of any value. Maybe just a few of them and hold the rest back. I can make a fine headstone with just a few inset around her name and date.”
“Walker, they are mine to do with as I please and this is what I want to do with them,” Clara said decisively. She held up a banded white, blue and green stone. “Chrysocolla from out west,” she said. “Grandpa Trevor taught me the names when I was a little girl.”
She held up another stone in powder-blue that had been polished. “This is the same kind of stone but he found it at a market somewhere in South America. I still remember the stories of how he came by each of them,” she said wistfully and looked to me. “I think they will serve as a fine monument to our little Fairy.”
Rising carefully from her chair, she said bravely to me, “Let’s be going, Silas, our little Fairy needs to be put to rest and the Reverend Barr will be waiting.”
As I looked about the cemetery now, I started at the edge of the line of cedar trees along the south side of the drive. Everything south of this side of the driveway were more recent graves, starting from the early nineteen hundreds and on. At the time of Fairy’s funeral, the southeast corner would have been just down the hill near the current fence line. I can remember that we had come down the sloping hill to the grave, where the Reverend Ira Barr and his wife Jane had stood waiting.
I had assisted Clara by taking her hand in the crook of my arm, as I had carried the coffin to the open grave and with Walker’s assistance; I had placed the child in her final resting place. I had consciously tried to recall the lay of the land so that I would be able to find it after returning from the warp. It had been out in the open part of the cemetery and not under the trees but the line of cedars had been easily seen from the grave.
However, it seems that some of the trees don’t look the same and had probably been replaced, maybe more than once, over the years, as the older ones had died and were either intentionally or naturally replaced. Plus the drive, which had been just dirt back then, had been grated and raised by years of gravel being added to it as time has gone on.
As I headed down toward those graves from the late eighteen hundreds, I passed a black headstone with engraved white lettering and standing on a white pedestal and I stopped short. It was the Reverend Ira Barr and his wife Jane. I noted that his wife had died in 1892, about twenty years from when Fairy had died. It can still shock me to see the headstone of people who, in this instance, had been alive and vibrant just last night in my warp. Seeing the stone gave me a baseline though, of where to be looking. I went on down the slope toward the barbed-wire fencing and watched the dates as I did. 1885—1883—1878.
With the sun shining so brightly, I shouldn’t have any trouble finding the stone if it exists because the gems and pyrite should be sparkling on a day like today. I went all the way to the fence line and then turned around and let my eyes scan the area—nothing. I suppose that it is possible that it had never been made. I had felt confident though, as Walker had taken the sacks of stones and placed them into the saddlebags straddling his horse that his intention had been to get it done.
I saw a simple white stone that caught my eye because it was broken off at the base and was propped on its side, along its edge. It is a very common style in this section of the cemetery and the type that are often broken and laying on the ground. Many headstones of this material have, in recent times, been required to be reinforced with metal frames. The style, which had been very popular for decades during the eighteen-hundreds, did not hold up over time. They were made of limestone and often they are now totally smooth blank stones after years of wind and weather. I headed over to investigate what was holding it propped up and saw that the stone appeared to be one of those worn to smooth blank. When I lifted it I found that what it had been propped up against—was the headstone of Fairy June McFall.
Fairy’s stone was about eighteen inches tall and a wedge shape with a thicker base. It was seated on a concrete slab and it had the exact style and wording that Clara had asked of her brother. Even down to the turquoise at its center. The entire stone sparkled now and the gems were just beautiful in the sunlight. The edge of the right corner of the monument had been sheared off slightly by the other headstone leaning against it for so long. I decided to lay the limestone monument on the ground because Fairy’s stone was already broken and I didn’t want it to cause any more damage by leaning it against it again. As I let the slab drop I saw the face of the stone.
“Oh shit!” I whispered and turned away and ran my hands through my hair as I let the shock hit me and then roll off. I looked up at the sky and barked angrily at the heavens. “Jesus Christ!”
After taking a minute to gulp in a few deep breaths and recover, I turned back to look at the stone. It read ‘Clara wife of Silas McFall died 8 June 1873, aged 21 y 2 m 4 d’.
Clara had been buried beside her little daughter and I could see no grave around them for Silas. I can only assume that he must have moved on after his family had died or perhaps he was elsewhere in this cemetery, buried with another spouse.
When I had last seen Clara last night, she had been alive and we had just come from this cemetery. I had helped her to get out of her clothes and had looked into her lovely large eyes as I had slipped her nightgown down over her head and worked her arms into the sleeves. I had assisted her as she had struggled to place fresh cotton rags in her drawers to catch her flow in spite of her insistence that it wasn’t proper for a man to see such things or to help. She would not have been able to manage alone, though, in fact, she had been so weak that she had barely been able to stand and I have no doubt that her husband who I had inhabited would have done the same thing for her.
I had helped her to lie down in bed, covered her up and then I had sat beside her and soothed her gently, holding her hand in mine as she had sobbed softly, mourning her little baby. I had stayed with her until she had drifted off to sleep and then had gone out to see about putting up the horse and wagon for the night. The warp had come to an end at that point and had left me staring up at my bedroom ceiling, coming to terms with the experience, as I have learned to do, each time that I warp.
I stood looking at her headstone now and ran a hand through my hair as I took a deep breath and dealt with the reality that she had died just five days after her baby. I had another passing thought of her young husband and what he must have gone through, watching her die and losing his entire family in less than a week’s time. I let it all in, dealt with it and then I let it go as I climbed into my truck and left the cemetery. I stopped at the clerk’s office in town and asked Linda Mills to see about having Clara McFall’s headstone repaired and reinforced with a metal frame and left her a check for the cost.
Just as with Clara’s sad warp, I have somehow learned to overcome them and have learned to accept that they are part of my life now; without letting them destroy me. I still have horrible warps involving illnesses, accidents and worse, but I also know that I will eventually wake up and can just ride them out. I feel that I have gotten pretty callous about it. Not as in not caring, but I think that anyone would eventually become sort of numb to the pain. Kinda like being in a war zone and dealing with bombings, death and devastation, day after day.
I’ve had other experiences that were just as trying but in different ways. Being an old man and making love to a frisky eighty-year-old woman had been pretty rough. I had done that more than once and had been able to get the job done but—man, it had been pretty rough.
Even worse had been when I had arrived at a warp in the middle of and I mean in the actual act of deflowering a probably sixteen-year-old girl. Granted I had been a twenty-something-year-old man who had been her new husband and it had definitely been consensual on her part and she had been a mature looking young girl and had been diggin’ it, but still—I had felt like a child molester afterward. That hasn’t happened again. Just the one warp, thank God!
But for all of the bad warps, the uncomfortable and sad experiences, I’ve had just as many that I wouldn’t trade for anything. It is the simple everyday pleasures that are the most memorable, such as the satisfaction of working out in the fields and around homesteads with my hands as I learn all of the old practices from my ancestors. The warmth of having dinner with a gathering of family, helping children with school work, sharing a warm night out on a walk with a young wife and enjoying a passionate kiss, helping to birth a calf or a colt or a drive in a carriage to church on a warm spring morning. Making love to many naturally beautiful women who had adored their husbands and with one who had torn at my heart because my tenderness with her had been something that she’d never known before. I have been present when healthy children have been born and held them in my arms and I’ve held the hands of elderly spouses as they have slipped gently into eternity.
My only regret is that I don’t have Torie to share it all with. I want to tell her that I really get it now. I understand now why it used to touch her so deeply that sometimes all she had been able to do had been to cry, to get all of the emotion out when she returned from certain warps and other times when she had been on cloud nine for days with a wonderful sense of euphoria. She had always found beauty in each of her warp experiences and she had come to treasure all of them.
I also miss her amazing sense of humor regarding warps and the way that we used to rehash and compare notes during those times that we had traveled together when we had been falling deeper and deeper in love with each other. I really miss her expertise in genealogy, as well, because I still tend to make an ass out of myself quite often because, frankly, I still suck at warping and trying to fit in.
In spite of my lack of skills and as the time warps add up and my experiences mount, I wish more and more that I could just say, “To hell with it, Torie. Come home and time travel with me.” but it isn’t an option at this point in our lives because we have Rose Lynn’s welfare to consider. I will need to continue to keep it to myself for now but I really feel that without Torie to share it all with, something is incomplete.



Chapter 32


Dave 
April 2016

As Torie took a seat on the side of the recliner and slipped her arm around my shoulders, we both waited in silence for the commercial to end and the news to come back on. The teaser had scrolled across the screen all night, Breaking News: Mark Thompson dead at the age of ninety-six. Join us at ten for all of the details...
As Torie and I had said our prayers with Rosie and tucked her in with a story and kisses, we had both been silently thinking about the newscast coming up and I admit that I am more than worried about what the fallout from this development might mean for our family.
“Good evening, thank you for joining us. Our top story tonight—Mark Thompson has died at the age of ninety-six-years old, just a month to the day short of his ninety-seventh birthday. The man who was known as the most notorious killer in Iowa’s history died quietly in his sleep last night in his prison cell at the Anamosa State Penitentiary where he had been incarcerated for the last fifty-seven years. He was not only the oldest living prisoner in Iowa but had been the oldest prisoner serving a life sentence in the entire nation.”
“Thompson pled guilty and began serving six concurrent life sentences back in August of 1959, for the July 4th weekend murders of his wife and five young children, shown here in an undated photograph, while staying at a secluded cabin on Lake Craton.”
“In this footage from his 1959 arraignment and plea hearing, Thompson, seen here in the dark suit with black horn-rimmed glasses, was successful in avoiding the death penalty by a plea bargain agreement, where his confession to all charges would allow him to receive a life sentence without the possibility of parole.”
“Several attempts at challenging this sentence by legal eagles in the years immediately following his incarceration were unsuccessful. It was the year 1965 which ended, with certainty, any further efforts by advocates of the death penalty to see Thompson’s sentence overturned and him stand trial for his crimes when the state of Iowa abolished the death penalty. Thompson’s infamy had recently been revisited and chronicled by Iowa native and author Torie Mills in her psychological thriller Where Evil Lived. The true crime blockbuster has been number one on the Billboard and New York Times best-seller lists for an astonishing two and a half years.”
“With the success of the book, the eastern Iowa counties of Wapello and Mahaska have become a tourist attraction that is second to none in the state. As this video reveals, all points referenced in the book have become stopping spots in the quest for anything and everything related to the story.”
As the announcer continued to speak, the TV screen flashed different shots of Lake Craton with the prayer benches and wall, the Thompson house in Agency, the bridge over the Des Moines River. Then they cut to a live shot of the Arbor Hills Cemetery and the special candle-light vigil that was being held at the graves of the Thompson family. The camera panned over the crowd of hundreds of people, and then across the graves and the usual mountain of offerings that always adorn their resting places.
“No plans have been made regarding any service for Thompson. He has no family and his last request was for his remains to be cremated and their final resting place to be kept from the public. In other news…”
I clicked off the television and pulled Torie onto my lap as I wrapped her in my arms and planted my face in the heavy fall of her hair and inhaled the heavenly fragrance of her.
“I wonder what this is going to mean for us now?” she said, running her fingers through my hair gently.
I patted her butt as she cuddled into my lap closer and laid her head on my shoulder.
“It won’t mean anything for us except maybe an uptick in the traffic driving past the house. I would say that Lake Craton and probably the cemetery in Ottumwa will get the brunt of any fallout.”
We have been enjoying a lull in the number of people driving by the house in Fremont for several months now. The state of our living arrangement hasn’t improved but we have a routine going that we are able to deal with. Tonight, as most nights, I had spent the evening hours with Torie and Rose Lynn as we’d had a family dinner. After dinner we usually try to do just some normal everyday family things, like playing outside in the backyard with Rose or sometimes we might take a walk around the neighborhood of Torie’s Hedrick house if the weather cooperates; things like that.
Torie feels strongly that we need to share Rose’s bath routine, story time, kisses goodnight—making those memories, even though Rose is really too young to appreciate most of it yet. Torie is determined that Rose will have a childhood with both parents involved, which she had lost out on in her own childhood. Most nights after Rose is peacefully asleep, we will then spend a few hours together before I leave to head home.
“How are you feeling after that news?” she whispered with a kiss to my throat. “Turn you off to the idea of some togetherness with your lonely wife?” She slipped off of my lap and tugged at my hand with a sexy playful pout.
“If you think that I am going to let that SOB affect our lives again, Torie, you’re mistaken,” I assured her with determination as I stood, scooped her into my arms and carried her to her bedroom, pushing the door closed behind us. I set her to her own two feet and then we undressed each other quickly and climbed into bed. We didn’t waste any time getting down to it because we have learned that we need to take advantage of these moments because it will be necessary for me to leave for home by probably 11:00, if I am going to get a decent night of sleep. That is assuming that I will get any real sleep. Wishful thinking on my part but if the warp gods are easy on me, I might get some blissful, boring, uncomplicated, good old-fashioned ‘z’s.



Chapter 33


Dave

Torie closed the bedroom door again on her way back from making a run to the bathroom, turned the radio on to a low volume at the night table and crawled back into bed. I was propped up on a couple of pillows and looking up at the ceiling with Torie in the crook of my arm, she also gazing off into space, just laying quietly together and I’m sure that she is thinking, like I am, about Thompson’s death and what it may ultimately mean for us if there truly is going to be another media frenzy. I was silently thinking that it is almost guaranteed.
“I am so perfectly content at this moment. I wish that we could just turn out the lights and drift off to sleep,” she said softly. “If you want to stay tonight, I could stay up and write for a few hours and wake you at about…” she paused as she tried to decide what time she would need to rouse me to head home.
I had to chuckle because it sounded so pathetic and odd. “Sweetie, that kind of defeats the purpose, doesn’t it?”
“I just don’t want you to go,” she whispered.
“I don’t want to go either but what you are wanting and what I am wanting is to drift off to sleep in each other’s arms and that can’t happen. Me taking your bed from you while you sit in the living room with your laptop and try to keep your eyes open won’t do a thing for either of us. I need to get going. You’re tired and so am I.”
Torie turned in my arms and propped herself up on an elbow placing gentle kisses on the center of my chest and moving down my abdomen to my navel before coming back up. She climbed onto my body completely and gazed up into my eyes as I smoothed her hair down her back and then she lay her head down on my chest with a heavy sigh.
“Dave, I can’t let you go. How long has it been since we have spent the night together?” she wondered aloud quietly.
I tried to think of when it had been. “The last time warp we shared was at Samuel McFall’s funeral. Then we had a couple of weeks at the motel in Oskaloosa but we never slept at the same time. So I guess Samuel’s funeral, right? That was…”
“A year last month,” Torie said sadly before I could finish my pondering. “I love this song,” she said quietly as “I Won’t Give Up” by Jason Mraz softly drifted from the radio.
I was quiet as I tried to wrap my head around the fact that we have lived separately for over a year. Can that really be right?
I thought back over the last year, thinking of the important dates and it took only a couple of minutes to go over it in my head and realize that she was right. Easter last year had been just a few days after they had moved into this house. We’d had an egg hunt for Rosie here in Hedrick and she had toddled around the backyard picking up brightly-colored plastic eggs while Torie had held a basket for her to drop them in to and I had snapped a few pictures. Fremont Days last June we had watched the parade along Main Street, had brought a picnic lunch up to the park and had watched all of the people riding the carnival rides. That evening Torie and Rose had left the street dance at 9:30 and I’d gone home alone to my house at the same time.
July 4th we had gotten out of the area because the annual Thompson family remembrance really kicks into high gear for that day and usually spills over into Fremont as fans stop to take pictures of our house. We’d gone to Des Moines, had spent the day playing tourist and had done some sightseeing. In the evening we had watched the fireworks sitting on a blanket on the grounds of the state capital. The Des Moines symphony had played patriotic songs including the 1812 Overture with cannons and Torie had been afraid that the cannons might have freaked Rose Lynn out but she had loved it.
Rose Lynn’s second birthday had been at Chuck E. Cheese in Des Moines. Mindy’s family had been there and Jeff had come also with some girl whose name really doesn’t matter because we have never seen her again. Torie’s birthday was dinner in Urbandale at the Texas Roadhouse restaurant while Mindy babysat Rose for a few hours. Thanksgiving we’d cooked a dinner at my house and Jeff had spent the day with our family and we had watched some football.
Christmas Eve had been dinner at my house and a short sleigh ride around the pasture before we had come back to the house and Torie had read Twas the Night before Christmas to Rosie and I, in front of the fireplace before I drove the two of them home and I had stayed to help set out cookies and milk with Torie and Rose, as we had gotten ready for Santa’s visit.
Christmas morning, Shadow and I had come over at about dawn and Torie had fixed a nice breakfast. Rose had opened her gifts and later in the day we had telephoned our families to wish them all Merry Christmas. New Year’s Eve had been a quiet evening here in Hedrick and Torie had given me a couple of new shirts for my birthday. After Rose had been put to bed for the night, we had eaten a late dinner by candlelight and then we had made love and held each other for a few minutes, just like tonight, naked and satisfied. Then I had dressed and left just after midnight, driving home during a heavy snowfall. I had called Torie when I’d gotten home because the roads had been icy and she had wanted to be sure that I’d made it home safely.
“Damn, Torie, a year,” I whispered in disbelief. I wrapped her in my arms and rolled her off of my chest and onto the bed so that I was holding her beside me and I looked down into her eyes. I smoothed my fingers along her cheek and then kissed her gently. “Can you continue to deal, babe? This is more than you should have to deal with just to be married to me or live near Fremont.”
“For as long as it takes,” she whispered and lifted her hand to cradle my face and I leaned into her gentle touch. “You’re stuck with me, boss. I’m not going anywhere.”
“I love you, Torie. Even if we live this way forever, it’s worth it to me.”
“Forever?” she laughed softly. “Something’s gotta give before then. Maybe once Rose and any other little ones who come along go off to college,” she joked. She was quiet for a minute and then continued softly. “I’m going to keep on believing that someday we’ll be able to live together again, maybe even time travel together again like we used to do. I still think about Samuel’s funeral and everyone that we saw that day and I want to share times like that with you and with all of them. I really don’t fear it anymore, Dave. Even if it gets scary like before, even if I die, I would die happy sharing everything with you right up to the very end.”
These were words that I hadn’t heard from Torie—ever. She had never mentioned traveling together again as if it were a possibility. Not since we had traveled years ago, when it was new and we had enjoyed it together. If she really had come to terms with the warps, maybe now was the time when I could tell her that I have been traveling over the last year.
Could Torie be ready to hear it and accept it? I would like to think so but I didn’t really believe it. Although my warps are still completely out of my control and I have learned to deal, it hasn’t been easy. I would never want to subject Torie to what I have lived through over the last year and a couple of wistful comments from her now were not worth opening up that big ole’ can of worms.
I glanced at the bedside clock. It was going on 11:00 and I should be heading out but as I swam in those bedroom eyes looking longingly up at me, I decided that I needed something much more than sleep right at this moment. I needed to make her mine again and make her whisper my name in that way that only she can—satiny and soft, like a prayer.
I kissed her tenderly and whispered against her lips. “One day we will be together again, Torie,” I promised. “We will.”



Chapter 34


Torie
Five days later…

“Hi sweetheart, how you holdin’ up? You doin’ okay?”
Hearing Dave’s reassuring voice over the phone brought my stress level from the outer limits to zero almost immediately. His calm, as usual, perfectly offset my crazy.
“I was just waiting for your call before heading off to bed. The last of the reporters gave up twenty minutes ago or did they just follow you home?”
“Bastards,” Dave hissed. “No, they didn’t follow me. I wish they would have. My house is nice and secluded—there’d be no witnesses and the pond is pretty deep.”
I had to laugh at his maniacal but tongue-in-cheek plotting of their murders and disposal before I said seriously, “I think that once Thompson’s been dead for a couple of weeks, things will get back to normal—at least what passes as normal for us. You know the media, Dave. They have a short attention span,” I said confidently.
“I know,” he sighed, dropping the subject. “So what are your plans for tomorrow?”
“I think that Rose and I will just hang at home and I’ll try and do a little writing when she naps. I really need to buckle down and finish the first draft. I got a strongly worded email from Tom, demanding that I, at least, provide him with something,” I growled with irritation.
“Well, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, babe but he is your agent. I know, how dare I take his side and agree that he has some kind of right to expect that you give him, at least, enough to pacify the powers that be, right?” he asked dryly.
His pointing out the obvious helped me to see the error of my ways. “I know and I’ll give him enough to buy me some more time,” I agreed.
“I’ll be in Oskaloosa all day if you need anything at all. The plan is for me to come over for dinner tomorrow night. Yes?”
“Yes, it’s a date,” I said lightheartedly.
“Torie—not funny,” he said, his mood turning dark. I had uttered the dreaded ‘D’ word. He is sensitive about it. “Our life is a nightma—,”
“Don’t say it, Dave,” I interrupted. “Come on, this is your night to be upbeat. I need to believe that we can take this and I can only stand it if I know that you are staying positive.”
“I’m sorry, honey. I just want our life back and I don’t mean just since Thompson died five days ago. But you’re right—I need an attitude adjustment. I’ll be better tomorrow.”
“Well, get some sleep and I’m going to do the same. I’ll talk to you tomorrow. I love you, Dave.”
“I love you, too. Goodnight.”
As I hung up the phone, I looked about the living room and the arrangement of our furnishings. Although I had worked to make this house comfortable for Rose and myself, it still didn’t seem like a home to me. I grabbed up the album of old family photos I had been looking through. I hadn’t been looking for anything in particular, just browsing as I’d waited for Dave to call.
I set the album up on the entertainment console and turned off the TV and the lights, walking through the darkened house and paused to glance out the front window one more time. The street was empty and quiet with no strange cars anywhere in sight but I have every reason to believe that they will be back bright and early in the morning, but for now, I appear to be in the clear.
I headed down the hallway to get ready for bed and had just a passing thought about Dave, wishing that I was going to be falling into his waiting arms. It is one of those thoughts that come into and out of my mind almost before I can even latch onto it but sometimes, like tonight, it stung a little as it passed through. It is miserable sleeping without him even after more than a year. I will never get used to the empty place beside me in bed because I was meant to be in his arms throughout the night. Stubbornly resolute, I let the thoughts go and try to concentrate on something positive—dinner with Dave tomorrow night. Maybe tomorrow Rosie and I will run into Oskaloosa and get something extra special to fix for him.
As I got ready for bed and washed my face, brushed my teeth and all of those mundane chores, I couldn’t keep the smile from my lips. I kept looking at the vanity shelf and the digital indicator that I had placed there minutes ago, propped up so that I could read it again at a glance. I will have what I hope and pray will be happy news to share with my little family tomorrow night. Who knows what it will mean to our situation in the long run—only time will tell but I want to believe that love will conquer all. Humming an old lullaby I still sing to Rose Lynn sometimes, I flipped off the lights and turned in for the night.



Chapter 35


Torie

My arms trembled from strain and I nearly released my hold; I had my hand wrapped around a woven rope and I planted my feet solidly on the ground and braced myself against a low tree branch as I lifted a wooden bucket over the edge of a steep creek bed. I glanced around as I turned from the creek and the quiet of the location was interrupted only by the sound of insects and a chorus of birds singing. I had a fearful thought assail me, that I was having a time warp. Or is this a dream? I wondered to myself.
My breathing started to escalate as I began to panic and I tried to calm myself internally, actually reasoning with myself as to why this must be a dream. I wasn’t living with Dave. I wasn’t even in an old house in Fremont or an old house, period. I was living in my rented house in Hedrick with Rose Lynn, a house which was built around 1950. This must be just a vivid dream, I decided.
Across a field of scrubby weeds, there was a small wooden barn, actually more like a large shed with a single door and a lean-to off either side like wings. There was also a crude wooden fence forming a coral. No one seemed to be about the place except for me.
The house was just a few paces away and was a very primitive homestead. The wooden door stood ajar and I noticed the roof and the smoke coming from a chimney and drifting lazily on a light breeze. I carried the heavy bucket toward the house, walking slowly to prevent the sloshing of its contents onto my brown leather boots. I paused before I entered the cabin, setting the bucket onto the ground and then waited for the water to still.
My reflection in the gently rippling surface became clearer as the water smoothed. It was still a hazy image but I could see that I had dark hair pulled up on the top of my head and appeared to be young. By what I could see of my features I was probably less than twenty five years old. I didn’t recognize the woman or the location of the homestead. It seemed to be an early timeframe; probably close to the beginning of Fremont as a community—assuming that it is Fremont.
“No, this is not a warp. Stop acting as though you are trying to figure out a warp, Torie!” I said aloud with irritation but had to acknowledge that my voice was no voice that I had ever heard before. My heart nearly skipped a beat and I tried to ignore that my pulse was quickening as fear prickled the hairs at the back of my neck. If this is a warp, then that would mean that I have left Rose Lynn all alone in my house and I refuse to believe that such a thing could happen again.
I entered the cabin and saw that it was just one room. Against the far wall directly across from the door was a fireplace which was in full flame. A covered pot was hanging over the fire and I set the water bucket on a nearby side table and turned to grab a metal lid lift and checked inside; vegetables and some kind of meat were nearly done. It smelled wonderful.
I began looking about the room and found it to be sparsely decorated with few possessions and no mirror, which I wished for desperately so that I could see my face clearly. The entire cabin being just the one room, I could almost imagine Laura Ingalls walking in at any moment. It reminded me of the Little House on the Prairie TV show except that this cabin didn’t have even a loft.
Against one wall was a made bed which was covered by a handmade quilt. Next to the bed was a book shelf containing a large worn Bible while another shelf held a couple of pairs of men’s pants and drawers. The bottom shelf contained several women’s dresses; mine, I assumed. The dress I currently wore was a frayed, light-blue, cotton material.
I grabbed up the Bible thinking as I did so that it might tell me who I am. In fact, it could well be full of birth and death records, marriages etcetera. Bibles usually had a lot of family detail. I started to ruffle through the front pages, looking for those meant for family records when I heard the whinny of a horse close by and I quickly closed the Bible and put it back on the shelf. I hurried to the door to see that there was a man leading two draft horses hitched to a plow. He led them to the small barn and I heard him call out.
“Mary!” he said, motioning at me to come to him.
I hurried to obey and dashed across the yard and assisted him by opening the door to the barn and then I reached out to take hold of the bridle of the nearest horse.
While he began to work the buckles and un-cinch the plow from their leather harnesses, I continued to hold the horses in restraint, waiting on him to give me any further direction.
“I got the last of the plowing done. We can finish the seeding tomorrow,” he said with a smile, giving me a wink. “We have a good chance of a decent crop this year, getting the seed in the ground earlier gives us hope anyway.”
I smiled. “That’s good news,” I agreed.
It took the better part of an hour to get the horses unhitched and bedded down for the night. Just as he was finishing up taking the last horse from my care, I told him that I needed to get the dinner on.
“Go ahead, honey. I’ll be right in after I put the plow up.” He touched my arm as I passed him and gave me a small peck of a kiss on my lips and gently ran his hand across my back in a sweet caress.
I hurried to the house, grabbed a cloth and lifted the boiling pot off of the hook over the fire and set it down on the stone hearth. I felt as though I had done this task a million times, doing it almost without needing to think about it.
I left the pot and turned to set the small table with two place settings, including a couple of wooden drinking cups and metal forks and spoons. I found a few lovely porcelain pieces, which seemed out of place in the primitive home, including a pitcher full of fresh drinking water. I brought the pitcher as well as a part of a loaf of bread from the sideboard, to the table. There was a wooden ladle on the hearth and I scooped out two servings of meat and vegetables, adding them to the blue and white flowered porcelain plates I had also found on the sideboard.
Hurrying back to the door to check the progress, I saw that he had the plow put away beneath one of the lean-tos and he disappeared inside the barn; he would be coming shortly. I wished that I recognized him but I had no idea who he was. He had short-cropped dark-brown hair, was probably in his mid-twenties and was tall and well-muscled. I had no way of knowing his name or if he was a Mills family member. He was obviously my husband.
I considered taking the Bible off of the shelf and bringing it to the table for a dinner prayer as an excuse. I didn’t get any inkling that this woman would usually do such a thing, though. He would likely ask me what I was looking for, if he had to sit and watch me leafing through it, looking for the family records.
I glanced outside again and saw him emerge from the barn and close the door. I turned to make sure that the table was pleasingly set and removed the apron from around my waist, placing it on the back of my chair. I patted my hair and when I turned back he had silently arrived at the door, pausing there at the entry.
“Dinner’s ready,” I greeted him with a smile.
As his body blocked the waning sunshine, I could see his face; it was flushed to a near crimson red and his lips were drawn back over his teeth in a tight line. His pleasant demeanor of a few minutes earlier was gone and the horrible glare now in its place caused me to gasp. His entire countenance seemed to have transformed and he was trembling with what I perceived to be rage.
“You!” he roared as if he had just seen me for the first time.
I had absolutely no idea what he was talking about but didn’t have time to think as he rushed forward. The bite of his hands around my ribcage caused me to cry out as he lifted me off of my feet. He crossed the room and slammed me to the bed onto my back so hard that my breath huffed out of my lungs and I swear that I felt as if I truly could not catch a breath. I felt as if I was going to suffocate and my ears rang as my body craved air while he manipulated me.
He was like a wild animal and I was helpless to try and struggle against him. Totally overpowered by him, I was like a ragdoll as he flipped me easily, forcing me onto my stomach, and lifting my dress. I felt a sharp burning sensation at the crease of my thigh as I heard the rending of material and he yanked my shredded drawers from my body so that my backside was exposed. I could actually feel the chill of air against my naked skin.
Just as I was finally able to catch a breath, I felt his fingers tangling in my hair and then my face was jammed into the ticking of the bed. His hot breath was on the back of my neck and then I felt his teeth on my back, near my right shoulder blade. He bit me, clenching his teeth until I screamed out in pain.
“You’re mine now. I get the last word! I get the last word!” he growled as he jabbed his knee into my lower back to keep me in place. I couldn’t see what he was doing but I knew and then his arm was around my waist yanking me up so that I was lifted off of the bed and he used his muscular thighs to spread my legs.



Chapter 36


Torie

I came awake with a jolt and a sob bursting from my lips. I quickly sat up to the bright morning sunlight and looked about the room as the dream was still vivid in my mind.
“Mommy! You sleep a long time, Mommy,” Rosie said looking up to me from where she sat on the floor beside my bed with a stockpile of baby dolls, toys and books. By the assortment she had assembled it had taken her quite a bit of time to bring it all from her room into mine. She stood up and I swung my legs over the edge of the bed and drew her up onto my lap and hugged her tight, kissing her temple. Oh my God, I thought, Oh no. It’s happening again!
“I must have been very tired, sweetie. I’ll bet that you’re hungry,” I said in the calmest voice that I could manage as I glanced at the clock and saw that it was 9:45. A moderate length of time for a warp but I felt as if I had been through the wringer; my body totally exhausted. Tears came to my eyes as I recalled the horror of what had happened to me and in terror I rocked Rose in my arms and smoothed my fingers through her auburn curls while attempting to keep control of my panic.
“Rosie,” I said kissing her cheek. “Let’s go and see if Dora is on TV yet and then I’ll fix you some breakfast.”
She squirmed off of my lap and started for the door at a toddling run, giggling playfully.
“Hey you,” I said. I scooped her into my arms as I gave her a buzzing zerbert on her neck and she squealed with laughter at the tickling sensation and kicked her feet. I settled her on my hip as we headed out to the living room and I realized that just the act of lifting her had caused me some extreme discomfort all over. My entire body was weak and trembling and as I reached for the remote atop the console, my shaky hand knocked the album of old photos off which I had been looking at last night and it crashed onto the floor. When it did, several photographs tumbled out from their plastic sleeves.
“Uh oh,” Rose said with concern. “Uh oh, Mommy. I’ll get it,” she offered helpfully as I stood her onto her own two feet on the floor.
“Mommy will get them,” I said as I clicked on the television and turned to Nick Jr.
My legs were like rubber as I sat on the floor cross-legged and attempted to pull the scattered photos into a closer and more manageable proximity before me.
Rose was picking up the photographs and I was afraid that next she would be bending them or putting them into her mouth but instead she paused, looking at a photograph and then she studied it for a long, long moment before she held it up in her chubby little fingers and turned it to show me.
“Beba,” she said showing me the picture of a young girl.
“Baby,” I corrected her although the girl was about six-years-old.
“Beba,” she said again and handed the photo to me. She picked up another and handed it over to me as I opened the album to start to place them back into their plastic sleeves and then Rose glanced at the television as Dora the Explorer started.
I had written the year on each photograph on the front at the very lowest left corner in tiny numerals. I flipped through the year tabs of the album until I found the empty spots and it was when I was placing the photo of the little girl into one of the pages for 1921 that Rose turned her attention from Dora and looked with interest at the page. She crouched down next to me to get a better look.
“Lucy,” she said excitedly touching a photo. “Lucy.”
Oh Jesus! She was pointing out a picture of my grandaunt Lucy from 1921. I looked at the photos in my hand and it dawned on me all at once as I looked at the picture of the little girl she had called Beba and that I had thought she had meant to say baby and was mispronouncing it. I turned the photo over and looked at the back to confirm. It was definitely printed right there on the back of the photo, Reva, who was Lucy’s oldest child. Lucy had been married to Drew Mars in 1915 and their daughter had been born about a year later. Her full name was Reva Dion Mars.
Instead of screaming in panic which was my first instinct, I somehow kept it together and decided to conduct a little test and I calmly asked Rose about a couple of other photos of people without any reaction. I showed her a different photo of Reva and her little sister who was about two years younger. Rose didn’t have any opinion on the little sister but I pointed to Reva.
“Who is that?” I asked.
“Beba,” she said without hesitation. She put her hand over her mouth and then blew a kiss at the photo, something that she often does when we look at pictures of Daddy, Mindy’s boys or her Cameron and Mills cousins.
“And who is that?” I pointed to a different photograph of Lucy.
“Lucy. Lucy makes chocolate chip cookies,” she said in her baby talk that I have learned to decipher. She rubbed her tummy as she smacked her lips. “Yum. Yum!”
Rose’s attention was drawn to TV once more as Dora began singing a song and she stood up, starting to sway in time to the music. She became absorbed with trying to sing along as she backed up until she seated herself on my leg.
Rose turned to smile at me over her shoulder with her beautiful light eyes that she had inherited from her daddy. She frowned with concern and reached up to catch a tear from my cheek and wiped it from my face and onto the leg of her jammies.
“Don’t cry, Mommy.”
“Rose, did Lucy make chocolate chip cookies for you?” I asked her.
Rosie watched my face for a moment, nodded and then wobbled her head in her expressive way.
“Beba and Lucy make chocolate chip cookies,” she shrugged and lifted her hands palms up as if saying, “Of course. What else.”
I fought to hold back my tears as I had to accept the truth. Rose had time traveled and she had spent time with Lucy. What other explanation could there be? She had never looked at these photographs before. She didn’t know these people from nearly a hundred years ago. I know that I had definitely warped and so if now Rose was being drawn in, I was truly thankful that her warp had involved my grandaunt Lucy. At least she had been with someone who I trust implicitly but I couldn’t count on that being the case every night.
I had so much more to consider, such as who Rosie had been during her warp. Obviously she had not been Lucy’s other daughter Mable in the warp because she would not have known Lucy’s given name if she had, she would have pointed to her and said Mommy, wouldn’t she? But then again, maybe she could have been Lucy’s younger daughter Mable and other people present in the warp had used Lucy’s name and she had picked up on it.
And what if she had inhabited someone other than a child with her same motor skills and toddler speech? What if she had inhabited an adult woman? Wouldn’t Lucy have thought that the woman was having a stroke or losing her mind or something? Could Lucy have heard the whispers or whatever it was that was mentioned in the old letters and known that it was a traveler? It was just too huge of a puzzle to tackle at the moment; it would need to wait.
“Rosie, I gotta go potty and then I will make you some breakfast. I think we will call Aunt Mindy to come to see us today. I’ll be right back,” I said scooting her off of my lap and onto the floor. She hardly seemed to notice as the television show had again captured her attention.
I picked up the album and the remainder of loose photos and placed them on the sofa, then hurried down the hallway to the bathroom. I looked into the vanity mirror as I entered and saw that I had dark circles under my eyes. The warp last night had left me feeling tired and drained. I ran my hands through my long hair, smoothing it away from my face and looked into my reddened eyes. I look like hell, I decided, turning away.
As I finished relieving myself and stood up, I just stopped and stared into the toilet bowl at the bright red blood-stained water for what seemed like an eternity before I finally flushed and reached down under the bathroom sink and found a box of pads. Then, the tears really started flowing as I was assailed by the memory of the man and the degrading violation I had been subjected to.
I moved across the room to the vanity mirror again and with dread at what I was considering could be true, I pulled my tee off over my head and turned to look at my back on the right side where I could remember the man biting me and where I was feeling some aching and discomfort now. I flipped on the vanity lights and moved closer to the mirror and pulled my hair out of the way and over my left shoulder. On my right shoulder, at the point of the shoulder blade I could see the imprint of a human bite mark, both the upper and lower sets of teeth. They hadn’t broken the skin but I had black bruises in the shape of every tooth.
“Oh my God,” I whispered in disbelief. I rushed to the full length mirror on the back of the door and looked more closely at my body. On both sides of my ribcage just under my breasts were bruises of what looked like the shape of the pad of a human thumb. I turned to see my back and covered my mouth in horror. I saw bruises of the four fingers of each hand. I reached around and touched the marks while I watched in the mirror but couldn’t splay my fingers wide enough to cover the dark blue bruises. The imprints were clearly those of a man because the hands that had made these marks were very large.
I frantically pulled my boxers and underwear down and looked into the mirror at the crease of my left thigh near my pubic bone and there I saw a bright red mark that looked like an angry rope burn and I recalled vividly the drawers being painfully ripped from my body.
I pulled my tee back on and reached to pull my hair out of the neck as I began to tremble uncontrollably. The tears rolled down my face as I took a towel off of the rack and sobbed into the terrycloth to muffle the sound. I had to keep it together for Rose Lynn; I couldn’t let her see her mommy so upset; it would do nothing but scare her and I was scared enough for both of us already.
I went to the sink, splashed my face with cool water and patted it dry with the towel as my eyes moved to the vanity shelf. As my stomach cramped painfully and I felt the discomfort inside me from the violation, I picked up the slender white plastic stick and turned it so that I could look at the oval window. I felt my face crumble into a sad frown as I read the little eight letter word that I had hoped would mean that maybe Dave and I could still have joy in our lives like normal families and happy times ahead.
Just last night the indicator had given me the good news that I was planning to share with Dave over dinner tonight. I had gone to sleep elated with the knowledge that I am pregnant and today it is gone and instead, once more my world is spinning out of control and this time the danger is painfully real and this time my little daughter is also at risk.
“This can’t be happening,” I whispered aloud brokenly, covering my face with the towel and sobbing softly. “What am I going to do now?”



Epilogue


The old man was startled from his drowsing by the sudden ringing of the telephone. The leather creaked as he lifted himself out of the winged easy chair by leaning heavily on the arm rests and he grabbed the open book from his lap, tossing it to a nearby end table as he rose. He hurried to the kitchen to answer the call and as he started to reach for the phone with his right hand, he winced as the pain in his shoulder reminded him to think again. He grabbed the phone with his left hand instead.
“Hello?” he answered and the immediate stream of words that came out in a rush from the caller didn’t allow him to get much more out for several moments.
“I’m doing fine—just a touch achy and sore today; nothing that won’t heal in due time. Yes, I was afraid of that. I’m convinced now that she’s an orphan. I’ve been researching all day as to your questions—,”
He paused as he was interrupted anxiously by the caller.
“No travelers in that line for at least two generations back. So on top of everything else…” he was interrupted again by the caller whose voice was rising with concern.
“Exactly, a babe in the woods—I,” he waited again as the caller talked over the top of him.
“Please calm down! Let me handle it. Just leave it to me to sort it all out and I will be in touch with you as soon as I have some idea on how we should proceed. I am still looking into all of the families but should have answers for everyone soon.”
As the man hung up the phone, the antique cuckoo clock on the kitchen wall struck 6:00 p.m. He hurried back into the living room and to the small desk in one corner and logged onto his computer and the family trees to continue his work. He didn’t have any more time to waste, it was going on evening and ahead—another long dangerous night awaited them all.



The Next Exciting Chapter


Forevermore, book #3 Heritage Time Travel Romance series

Torie

As I signed in on the spiral tablet at the front entrance of the Keo-Mah Genealogical Society, I braced for my performance with Margaret Sweeney because I knew that she would be her usual cheerful, inquisitive self but I was not in the mood.
“Welcome, Torie, so happy to see you!” she said, rising from the front desk to greet me. “John is at the Wyman house in Fremont—he has a group of sixth-graders coming for a tour this afternoon.”
“Margaret, it’s nice to see you. I was just thinking of spending some time in your microfilm library. I’m pondering a new story idea and you know me, always looking for new inspiration,” I smiled and tried to make it look genuine.
“Well, you go right ahead and you let me know if you need anything at all. I’ll be right here if you have questions. I’ve received a lot of requests for information lately from people wanting to know about the towns of Agency and Craton. It continues to amaze me, the amount of folks who always reference Where Evil Lived—even after more than two years it’s still drawing folks from all over the country to get a look at the places that you talked about in the story.”
“I hope that isn’t a bad thing,” I said and wasn’t really sure if she considered it as such.
“Heavens no, Torie! The number of new members for the newsletter alone has made the goals for the society for the entire year and it's only April. It’s a blessing—don’t you ever think otherwise,” she said, giving me a hug.
“Thank you, Margaret. I’ll let you get back at it.”
I walked into the microfilm room which is lined with heavy fireproof cabinets containing a century and a half of newspaper reels along one wall. The other walls being floor to ceiling shelves full of census record books and obituary clippings that filled shelf upon shelf. There are family histories provided by different researchers and many books written by the Keo-Mah members as well. Four rectangular, beige Formica tables had been combined to form a large work table at the center of the room and I dropped my purse on the floor and took a seat at one of the tables. Zipping open my computer bag, I pulled out my laptop, logging on to my family tree program.
My plan at first was to simply spend the afternoon going through the oldest reels of microfilm and albums of documents for both Oskaloosa and the Fremont area, just skimming randomly. I didn’t have an exact agenda and I wasn’t looking for anything in particular but was hoping that possibly something would present itself related to the experience I had lived as a woman named Mary back in old Fremont.
I really didn’t have much faith that it would even be possible. The time of the warp had seemed to be early, maybe as early as 1840, and there were no local newspapers back then. Still, I gave it a good effort until my eyes started to cross. The combination of the tiny print and the poor quality of the early documents made it just impossible to read through them for any length of time. After an hour or so I had to give up on that quest and turned my attention to something less tedious.
In the last Keo-Mah newsletter, it was mentioned that they had received in, another of the missing years of the Fremont Gazette, for the decade of the 1890’s—the entire year of 1898. It turned out that one of the new owners of an old building in the historic downtown district of Oskaloosa had come across a forgotten stash of the newspapers, carefully preserved in bindery albums and up in an attic room. Of course, it had seemed an obvious decision to give them to the local genealogical experts just down the road at Keo-Mah. With the windfall of the Wyman house and other funding coming their way from many sources, the expensive process of converting the newspapers to microfilm had been completed in record time and they’d been added to the library for all to enjoy.
I was scanning through one of those new reels of microfilm, slowly cranking the pages through the reader, letting my eyes catch on the main headlines and stories. The headline for Thursday, August 11, 1898 didn’t interest me, but a small story about halfway down the page caught my eye and caused me to suck in my breath and say out loud softly, “Holy shit!”


Search Called off for the Missing Smith Girls

The search for eight-year-old Coyle and little six-year-old Lindy Smith, daughters of John and Mary Smith, sadly, came to an end on Monday. Both girls have been missing for more than two weeks and the many searchers and hunting dogs who combed miles of fields and creek-beds, failed to locate any trace of the children. The parents are continuing the search, however it is feared that the girls may have met with foul-play at the hands of a vagrant drifter, some accident, or possibly made their way to the swollen and fast moving South Skunk River just northeast of town. It is not believed that the girls would have run away from home.

That was it. Just one paragraph about the girls that I had dreamed about the night before we had left for our wedding celebration in Las Vegas, nearly four years ago. It had been a time warp! I searched the previous two weeks and the following week and several weeks afterward but found no other mention of the girls.



Works by Dana Roquet



The Heritage Time Travel Romance series
Out of the Past, book #1 
Into the Future, book #2
Forevermore,    book #3


Coming soon
Enduring Gift, book #4 of the Heritage Time Travel Romance series


Heritage Time Travel Romance series
PG-13 All Iowa Edition
Out of the Past, book #1
Into the Future, book #2
Forevermore,    book #3


Coming soon
Enduring Gift, book #4 of the Heritage Time Travel Romance series
PG-13 All Iowa Edition


Love’s Vengeance
