IT’S A MATTER OF THE HEART, TOO
(A Townsend Place Story)

Marie Rose
 
Copyright © 2021 Marie Rose 
Published by Where Reality is 
All Rights Reserved
www.whererealityis.com
 
License Notes
Thank you for downloading this book. This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  No part of this book can be reproduced in any form or by electronic or mechanical means including information storage and retrieval systems, without the written permission of the author. The only exception is by a reviewer who may quote short excerpts in a review. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in, or encourage, the electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support of this author’s rights is appreciated.

Cover and interior design by Where Reality Is. If you enjoy this book, please encourage your friends to purchase their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer.  Thank you for your support.

Connect with Marie Rose
Check our website or social media for the most up to date information
Visit her webpage: https://whererealityis.com/marie-rose
Visit the Where Reality is Blog – Snippets of Reality and Subscribe
Visit the Where Reality is Facebook Page and Follow Us

Also Written By Marie Rose 
Bridget’s Story of Christmas (A Bridget Butler Story)
Bongee’s Rainbow (A Bridget Butler Story)  
I Only Kill Rattlesnakes (A Bridget Butler Story)
Bradley Ordeal (A Townsend Place Story)
It's a Matter of The Heart (A Townsend Place Story)
It's a Matter of The Heart, Too (A Townsend Place Story)
Misty Lake (A Townsend Place Story)
Tender Hearts (A Townsend Place Story)
Where's Denise (A Townsend Place Story)
Not a Good Plan (A Townsend Place Story)- Coming Soon
Texas Heart
Somethings Just Happen - (download for free from our website)
My Stranger - A Short Story (download for free from our website)
Mia's Story (A Townsend Place Story) - Coming Soon
The Blessing of Life - Coming Soon
Route 20 A New Beginning - Coming Soon

Table of Contents
Chapter One Red Malone
Chapter Two A Reunion of Sorts
Chapter Three A Tragic Story
Chapter Four A Dinner Break
Chapter Five An Invite
Chapter Six Meeting the Family
Chapter Seven The Apologies
Chapter Eight About the Money
Chapter Nine Red’s Dilemma
Chapter Ten Visiting with Ella
Chapter Eleven Ella’s Concerns
Chapter Twelve Another Invite
Chapter Thirteen A Pleasant Visit
Chapter Fourteen The Nature of the Beast
Chapter Fifteen The Pirro File
Chapter Sixteen A Revelation
Chapter Seventeen Mia’s Reaction
Chapter Eighteen Trying to Cope
Chapter Nineteen At the Concert	
Chapter Twenty Getting to Know Jim’s Family
Chapter Twenty-One A Birthday Present
Chapter Twenty-Two It Comes in Threes
Chapter Twenty-Three So That is What it Was About
Chapter Twenty-Four Weddings
Chapter Twenty-Five Life Goes On
Chapter Twenty-Six Home Coming Dinner
Chapter Twenty-Seven Life with Helen
Chapter Twenty-Eight After Fifteen Years
Chapter Twenty-Nine In Elmira
Chapter Thirty Coach Brian Logan
Chapter Thirty-One Ann Logan
Chapter Thirty-Two A Coping Helen
Chapter Thirty-Three Beth’s Friend
Chapter Thirty-Four Officer Kirk
Chapter Thirty-Five The Seminar
Chapter Thirty-Six Return from Italy
Chapter Thirty-Seven Marty
Chapter Thirty-Eight Dr. Knolls Party
Chapter Thirty-Nine A Proposal
Chapter Forty Marriage and Back to Italy
Chapter Forty-One The Engagement
Chapter Forty-Two The Interview
Chapter Forty-Three Interview After Math
Chapter Forty-Four The Meeting	
About the Author
Connect with Marie Rose
Also written by Marie Rose

Chapter One Red Malone
Mia Giantelli had received a call from Deputy Sheriff Sergeant Beck requesting she make an appointment with Sheriff James Malone at the county building in Townsend Place. He asked if she could meet the Sheriff this week either at ten a.m. or 2 p.m. on any day of the week..  The Sergeant had told her that it was upon the request of Detective Jerry Stovall. Mia sighing deeply, thinking it must have to do with her late ex-husband Justin Pirro.
She made the appointment for ten a.m. the following day, which would be convenient for her since, as a new hire as a counselor at the community college, she had to attend an in-service later that day.
She remembered Jim Malone, who was nicknamed Red, although, to her, he looked more like a Rusty than a Red. He was a detective whom she met in the ER while a student nurse.  He had introduced himself to her as Jim Malone.
She also remembered Jerry would make detective that same year.  And now, retired, he was in treatment for lung cancer.
Jim, on loan from Townsend Place, had come to extradite a prisoner back to Albany from Syracuse.  As they waited for papers to be signed for the release of the prisoner, Mia's patient, Jim, related to her about his family, his wife, and three boys, and that he was from a long line of policemen.  He impressing her with his devotion to his family and his career.  That was fourteen years ago.
She did not know, until now, he was the Sheriff, who was affectionately called Sheriff Red in the county of Townsend Place, the place where he told her he was born and raised.  She remembered that day as though it happened a week ago.
She reached her goal as an RN, but because she could not fit in nursing courses while working full time, she settled for an associate degree in Nursing and a bachelor's degree in science along with a teacher's certificate.  Once she became involved with women who were victims of domestic violence, it was suggested she may want to get a master's degree in Psychology.  So, she did.
Mia was from Syracuse, moving to Townsend Place while she set up shelters for women that were victims of domestic violence.  Her plan was to donate the house she had renovated in Syracuse to a church. Mia was able to find a church Diocese that would accept the house who was pleased with the donation.  A year later, that same Diocese asked her if she would be interested in setting up a shelter in Townsend Place. Mia agreed, and because of their need for another shelter, she had another house renovated in an area a few miles away.  
The three houses were properties in rural areas for sale at a reasonable price, to be sold as fixer-uppers. Her late father was co-owner of a construction company that specialized in renovations. Her father's former partner Tom Tanner and his son Chris were now owners of the company.
She fell in love with the property, not the house, in Syracuse, her first renovation, realizing it would be too big a house for her and farther from the high school where she taught during the weekdays and the hospital where she worked, in the Emergency Room every other weekend.
While working in the ICU, she was asked if she would work in the ER on the weekends. The hospital was downsizing due to budget constraints.  She consented but started working as a substitute at a local high school to supplement her income.  The teacher never returned, so they hired her to fill the position, and not wanting to give up her nursing career, she changed her hours to every other weekend in the ER.
She researched how she could make the house in Syracuse into a shelter for women for victims of domestic violence. She found that she would have to be a non-profit organization with board members and volunteers. She knew it was an impossibility for her to manage, deciding to donate them to a church since they met those requirements.  And it worked.
She felt fortunate to be able to employ her late father's former partner and crew to renovate these houses for her at a fair price.  Tom and his son Chris Tanner advising and helping with developing house designs that met the Human Health Services specifications.  The shelters were primarily used as a transition or sometimes overflow houses.
Mia explained to the Diocese this would be the last one she would be able to finance, they, assuring her that they understood and the three shelters would be sufficient.
The phone rang, interrupting her revelry. "Hello."
"Mia, this is Sue. Could you come down to the shelter house for an hour or two.  I need a little help with clean up, we are getting a young woman and her child, and Lillie has an allergy, so I sent her home; she was so miserable."
"Sure, I will be there soon."
"Thanks so much.  I hope you aren't too busy. I know you will be starting your job at the community college; when is it again?"
"It is no problem.  I start next week. See you in a bit."
On the way out of the apartment, Mia stopped to pat Henry the black Lab on his head. He was stretched out by the side of the doorway and lifting his head to be patted, then laying it down again.  He belonged to the couple who she rented, the so-called garage apartment from, the dog splitting his time between his owner's house and Mia's front porch.  The couple she rented from lived in a house a short distance from her garage apartment.  Their property was down a paved side street off the main road.
Most of the properties in this area were acres apart. A quiet neighborhood until hunting season, when gunshots could be heard during the pheasant and deer seasons.
She took the Jeep when she went to the house shelters making it easier to navigate the dirt roads.   She also had a dark blue pickup truck she used as her everyday use.
"Well, Sue, where do you want me to start?"
"I had assigned Lillie the bathrooms, and I was going to finish with the wash, but if..."
Mia interrupted her, "that is fine. I will do the bathrooms."
Sue was a spry sixty-year-old, and after retirement from a bank in Syracuse, she along with her husband bought one of the older homes in Townsend Place. While her husband still worked at the same bank, she opted to volunteer for their church.  Lillie, younger, in her late fifties, lived in Townsend Place all her life, and after her children were grown and on their own, she decided to become a volunteer for the church as well. The volunteers from each house worked on a rotating system they devised themselves so that no one would be overworked.
Mia was awed by their talents and dedication, as were all the volunteers giving their time to the shelters.  The shelter in Syracuse was taken care of in the same way as the other two, and now that the diocese had appropriate staff to fill Mia's spot, she only took the forty-minute drive to the shelter to check to see how the volunteers were doing once a month and coordinate with them for the free Thanksgiving Day and Christmas dinners, at the holiday season.
Mia did the same for each in Townsend Place. The first property to be renovated in Townsend Place was her favorite, and Mia, Lillie, and Sue had a compatibility that developed through their working relationship. The only socializing was on their birthdays, when they would go to one of their favorite restaurants to celebrate.  They vowed to continue that tradition for as long as they were able.
Chapter Two A Reunion of Sorts
The county building was an unimpressive yellow brick building with a flat roof.  It was at the end of a paved road, on the border of another county. No flowerpots or bushes in front of the building, only a New York State and the United States flags on a large pole in the middle of the wide concrete walkway.
Mia walked into the building five minutes before ten a.m. when a slightly built, ,dark-haired, brown uniformed young man came out from one of the cubicles that were surrounded by a glass partition to the right of the front door. At seeing him, Mia thought he looked like one of those people who could eat anything he wanted and not gain an ounce.
"Miss Giantelli, I am Sergeant Beck; Sheriff Malone's office is over to the left there," he pointed, "come with me." He smiled at her, escorting her to the glassed-in office that read, Sheriff James Malone on the front of the door.
"Thank you, Sergeant Beck." She said, smiling at him.  She saw him blush as he opened the door for her, he, stepping inside the Sheriff's office behind her, standing to one side of the door at attention.
Sheriff Malone stood when she entered, not able to suppress a smile on seeing her and not knowing how to approach her, directing her to a black leather padded chair in front of his wide wood desk by pointing to it.  He was impressed by her professional appearance and demeanor.  She was simply dressed in navy blue slacks with a light blue, collarless blouse tucked into them and shod in comfortable-looking navy blue slip-ons.
Mia greeted him, standing in front of the chair he had offered her. "Oh my gosh, Jim, oh I am sorry I should call you Sheriff Malone, you have not changed a bit.  You look the same, it is so good to see you again." Her brown eyes wide with enthusiasm smiling at him, her dark brown hair in a pony tail bobbing as she spoke.
She sat down as the Sheriff remained standing, thinking to himself, 'neither have you.'
"I am assuming it is about Justin Pirro." She smiled, thinking how professional and neat he looked.  He looked fit, not as tall as she remembered him, but probably just under six feet.  The only difference was a few gray hairs at the temples.  She knew he had to be close to sixty if not already in his sixties, thinking the nicest looking man in his sixties she ever saw.
Sheriff Malone sat down behind his desk.
Mia continuing, "I talked with Jerry's wife Elaine last month, and Jerry was still getting chemotherapy. Has there been a change?" She had a deep voice, one that belied the slightness of her build.  She was animated while talking, expressing her comments with her eyes or a wave of her hand.
"Yes, Mia, I am afraid he is in hospice now."
Before he could say another word, she gasped, "Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that; I will call Elaine later this week." She explained, sitting back in the chair. "By the way, how is your family, your wife, and your three boys?"
"Well, er, my wife died five years ago, but the boys are doing very well all in law enforcement. Jeff is…"
"Oh, Jim, I am so sorry I didn't know about your wife; I saw the wedding ring, and oh gosh, I am so sorry."
"It is okay, Mia, I just have not been able to take my ring off yet, although I tell myself I should, I guess I wear it not just for me, but for the boys, and as I was saying…."
"There is nothing wrong with that, Jim, oh gosh, I am sorry, Sheriff.  So, what were you saying?  You have to forgive me, Jim I am so happy to see you; I never thought our paths would cross again; it is so great." She said, her smile beaming.
He forgot what he was going to say, so he decided to go with what he had rehearsed, "I, a, well I talked with Jerry the other day, and he was barely able to speak with me, coughing from time to time, but he was able to tell me all he wanted to about this matter, and he said he would have come down here to tell you himself if he could, and so, um."
"Oh gosh, I would have gone there to him, or maybe not if he is that ill.  I hate this cancer thing, Jim; it isn't fair, you know, I mean."
He interrupted her, thinking it was time he took charge, "Mia, I have to tell you something unpleasant, and to be honest, I don't know how to start, so I will ask you a few questions first and then…."
"Oh, of course, of course, so sorry, Jim, I mean Sheriff."
He was flustered by her presence, her warm smile, and her enthusiasm, he had to remind himself to act like a sheriff saying, "yes, well, of course, it is okay, so as I was saying."  pausing to gather his thoughts.
Chapter Three A Tragic Story
"Sergeant Beck is going to, well, I asked him to be present for this, uh, issue, for obvious reasons." He, not so sure the reasons were that obvious yet.
Mia's eyebrows lifted, and all expression of enthusiasm was gone. "Yes, start from the beginning."
"I will ask the question first and then continue after you have answered it."
She nodded, her body tensing.
"When was the last time you spoke with your mother, Mia?"
"Oh, dear God, what happened, is she okay?"
The sheriff was using all his powers to look stern. "She is okay; when was the last time you talked with her?"
"I don't know, maybe six or seven years ago.  And it was not a conversation; it was her telling me to go back to Justin,' how could I do this to him, what kind of wife am I, he was the only son she ever had something in that order.  A usual conversation with my mother." There was no bitterness in her voice or her mannerisms; she spoke softly, keeping eye contact with him.
"Is that when you left Justin?"
"I asked her if I could stay in my old room for a couple of days; I needed a rest, I needed to think, and it was a no, under no circumstance, as far as my mother was concerned. So, thinking she was probably right, I went back to his house, not ours, his house." She paused, saying, "I left the next day."
She folded her hands in her lap, sat forward, her head down for a few minutes, then lifting her head, she continued, "my mother and I were never close or anywhere near it.  She wanted a boy, and she got me instead.  She had lost a son when he was three months old; a year later, she had me and thought for sure I was going to be a boy too." Mia cleared her throat.
And before the Sheriff could reply, she related, "my father died when I was thirteen, and six months later, she told me she could not live without a man and married Carl Ciccarelli. He was a good man, it did not matter to me, he was a friend of the family; I knew him and liked him.
Carl was the one who came to my apartment after I left Justin to tell me if I did not go back to Justin, my mother would disown me.  I told him going back to Justin was not an option. So that was it."
Beck looked over at Sheriff Red, Red sensing his stare but kept his eyes on Mia.  Good Lord, what was going on there? He thought to himself.
"I see, well, uh, the thing is Mia, your mother was extradited from Daytona Beach, Florida, to Syracuse."
Mia raised her head, a questionable expression on her face. "Extradited, that means…." She swallowed.
"Yes. Did you know anything about a two-hundred fifty-thousand-dollar life insurance policy from his mother, Veronica Pirro, to her son Justin Pirro?"
She tightened the grip on her folded hands, "No, I never knew anything about that. I… I mean me and Justin were not a typical husband and wife, or not the kind I always thought a husband and wife should be.  He took care of all the finances, I got an allowance.  Plus, he was a compulsive gambler; he gambled all the time.  That is the way it was, and it took me a long time to forgive myself for letting him control me as he did.
Jim, I never should have married him, and when he asked me to quit my job at the hospital, I should have left him then. I was, like another person back then." She shook her head, her eyes on the hands in her lap.
"Mia, what I have to tell you is the rough part."
She looked over at him, "I am ready, Jim."
"Your mother received fifty thousand of the insurance money; she failed to pay the taxes on it. When the Treasury men went looking for her, she was in a homeless shelter in Daytona Beach, under the name of Virginia Dusendorf. They had an ID picture of her, had talked with the people who she lived with for a while whose name she took, who told them where to find her.  When the men approached your mother, she thought they were the local police and confessed to poisoning Veronica Pirro." He stopped when Mia let out a loud sigh.
She was staring at him with a pained expression on her face. "That can't be, Jim, they were friends. We knew Ronnie forever; how could she do that.  Was Justin in on this too?  I can't believe it, she was such a sweet lady, we called her Ronnie, oh Jim, she was the sweetest, nicest lady.  Simple but kind, and beautiful how could she do this, did Justin know?  I can't believe it." She repeated, wringing her hands, then putting her hand to her mouth, and finally settling down to folding her hands in her lap again.
Sergeant Beck with a look of concern, moving as though to approach her.  The Sheriff motioning him with his eyes to stay where he stood.
"Yes, Justin was in on it too. Your mother is in the mental hospital of the state prison right now.  They exhumed Veronica Pirro's body and found traces of arsenic in hair follicles that were intact." He did not say it, but he could not help thinking how great forensic science had become.
"What do I have to do?"
"Nothing, your mother is a ward of the state."
"They take care of her, giving her toothbrushes and toothpaste, things like that?'
"Yes."
"She dropped the name Ciccarelli and took the name Dusendorf; why, does anyone know why?" Her head ached.
"I don't know, except from what I heard, the Dusendorf couple are not pleased about it.  They tried to set her up in her own apartment and got her a job, but she was not capable of keeping either and ended up in the shelter, is what they told Treasury.
Your mother told the police and the judge she had two sons, and they are both dead.  That was all Jerry told me." He felt like a heel having to tell her that.  She looking deflated.  Jerry had told Red, either he missed it, or, for some reason, this incident never made it to the local papers.
"I see.  What is her diagnosis?
"Paranoia-Schizophrenia."
She made a sly grin, shaking her head, "of course it is." She paused, standing, "I am having a little trouble processing all this.  I thank you for your candor and your kindness.  It was not easy for you to tell me all that.  I don't know how I feel about this." She stood, she had to leave, she felt as though she could not breathe.
"I won't take up any more of your time, Sheriff; if you need me for anything else, let me know. Thank you both." She nodded her head to both of them, walking towards the office door, her head down, waiting for the Sergeant to hold the door open for her.
As they watched her walk out of the building, Sergeant Beck said, "Geez."
Sheriff Red said, "Christ."
"Do you want me to write it up, Sheriff?"
"Yes.  We need documentation, so be as objective as you can.  Just so I can refer to it if need be, understand me?"
"Got it." He turned to the Sheriff, still holding the door open, as though to speak to him; Jim, Red, Malone looking at him, saying, "I know…it is hard to put into words."
Mia, her hands shaking, dropping the remote key while opening the door to the pickup.  Still shaking, she drove to a park nearby and parked facing a soccer field.
She was due at the college at one o'clock.  She had planned on going to her office at the college before the in-service, get take-out, eat at her desk and maybe have time to put in some entries in the computer.  Her stomach was in knots, and her head felt like it might explode.  She laid her head back on the headrest; the window was open, the air cool. 'Take deep breaths, Mia', she said to herself.  So, she did.
Chapter Four A Dinner Break
Later in that week, Mia had gone to one of the shelters to help Lillie and Sue with their baking.  She was in the kitchen jarring up the last batch of oatmeal cookies when she heard Lillie call out to her.
"Miss Mia, Sheriff Red is here to see you."
"I am in the kitchen," Mia called back, smiling as Jim walked into the kitchen. "Here, Sheriff, try one of these; the kids love them.  I put dried cranberries in them and a few raisins with nuts; it's a comfort food for them. Plus, I like them too.  What do you think?"
"It sure smells good in here," he said, taking the oatmeal cookie from Mia, then waiting until swallowing the cookie to answer. "Very good." He said, nodding his head in approval.
Mia nodding back with a smile, saying, "what brings you here, Sheriff?  Have a seat. I am through here and will be leaving soon."
He sat on a stool at the counter where she was working. "I tried calling at your apartment, it rang, but I never got the answering machine."
"Oh, that darn thing.  I am so sorry, Jim, that phone will be working one hour and out the next and needs to be reset each time it goes out like that.  I wonder sometimes how many calls I've missed.  And out here, the cell phone is hit and miss too. So sorry."
"Yeah, I could not get you on the cell either.  I stopped by, and your landlady said you had gone out with the Jeep.  She met me as I was going up the stairs to your apartment; I saw your pickup and thought you were in your apartment.  I was not sure what she meant about the Jeep at first, and then being the detective, I am, I figured it out." He said with a sly grin. "I want to talk with you about something and thought we could go get a pizza at Tony's, that is, if you are able to leave here now."
She startled him when she said, "I can't go to Tony's." She was teasing him, waiting for his reaction.
"Why not?"
"He won't let me pay for anything."
"Ah, you must be one of his VIPs. Just leave a big tip."
"Oh, for heaven sakes, why didn't I think of that."
Jim laughed, saying, "I told him if he did not let me pay, I would have to arrest him. Of course, he knew I was kidding but at the same time was not quite sure, so there are no arguments, and he lets me pay when I go there.  It is the best pizza."
"I agree," she said, rolling her eyes, "sounds like a good idea, Dutch?"
"No, I am inviting you.  Meet you there?"
"Yes, I will meet you there; I don't drive my Jeep around town, only when I come to the shelters."
"That is smart.  I will meet you there then."
The Sheriff had something on his mind, Mia thought.  He was trying to hide it by acting nonchalant; besides why else would he contact her.
As Sheriff Red drove to Tony's Pizzeria, he answered his cell phone. "Yes, Warden, I see; when did this happen? I see. Thanks for letting me know." The phone call put him in a somber mood; he had thought his positive approach would make it easier for him to talk with Mia about questions he still needed answers to. 'Oh well.'  He said to himself. Now the question was should he tell her about the Warden’s call before or after they ate?
As he was waiting for her inside the restaurant, he could not help but think she was the same age as his youngest son, who was in his mid-thirties, but there was a maturity about her he had not found in women older than her.  He was trying not to think of her in those terms; he was sure she would hate him by the time he was through with his questions.  He had lost his objectivity as soon as she entered his office a few days ago. 'Good Lord, man, get a grip; you are out of her league.'
As soon as she saw him in the restaurant, she approached him smiling. "I am hungry Jim, how about you?" She was comfortable being with him, sensing there was something more there, or was she imagining it.
"Yes, me too. I did not want to order until you got here."
"Right." She would not be surprised if they did not like the same ingredients on their pizza. 'What are you thinking, girl? Stop it, reminding herself she had sworn off men a long time ago.
"So, what do you like on your pizza?"
Chapter Five An Invite
They were sitting in a booth with a muraled wall as a view. It depicted stucco buildings with colorful flowers in hanging pots and flowered pots on doorsteps.  Italian Cypress trees lining a dirt road going towards the desert-like hills in the background, with birds soaring in a bright blue sky.
Tony seeing them in the booth, came over to them.  In spite of being born and raised in New York, he acted the Italian proprietor with an Italian accent and wearing an outfit dated from the forties. He was a short, thin man with white hair and dark brown eyes that flashed when he smiled.
"My two favorite people, Sheriff Red and my angel, Miss Mia. She is an angel you know, Sheriff Red. If it wasn't for her, oh…" his eyes went upward, then looking at the sheriff, "she saved my daughter's life, you know. So, what can I get you two? I am so glad to see you two together. You are a nice couple, so what will you have, huh?"
They ordered a mushroom, sausage, pepperoni, with extra Mozzarella cheese, and two diet colas. Sheriff Red said, "I have to admit sometimes I will have anchovies on mine."
"Me too." She smiled over at him. "I interrupted you the last time when you started to tell me about your boys. Are they into law enforcement too?"
"Yes, all three.  Jeff is a detective, Jack is one too, in different precincts of course, and Joe just passed his bar exam."
"You must be so proud of them, Jim, and I am sure they are proud of you too. Any Grandkids?" Their drinks were placed before them and the waitress, knowing Mia, gave her a hug when she delivered them.
"Mia, it has been a while, so good to see you.  My father-in-law is so glad to see you.  Me too, for that matter.  He thinks you are the best person. Of course, you would hardly know that would you?" The three of them laughed. "You two enjoy. I will be back soon with your pizza."
"What did you do for them, Mia?"
"I came in to get a takeout one day; the shelter house you were in was finished ready to receive victims. Well, Tony wasn't his usual happy self, so I asked him what was wrong, and he told me his nineteen-year-old daughter had been beaten by her live-in.  Also, she had a baby, a few months old.  She was in the hospital for observation after the beating, so the baby had been taken to her live-in's parents.  I told Tony I could help if his daughter was willing to come to one of the shelters.  You cannot force them. It has to be voluntary, you know?"
Red sat nodding as she spoke.
"That’s when this angel thing started, but long story, a little shorter, she did consent to coming to the shelter, but she wanted her baby with her.  It is always a good idea to have their children with the victims; if possible, it helps to keep them from wanting to go back to the abuser, so after clearing it with the Children's Protective Services, that is what we did.  The local police were a big help with that; she did not press charges but consented to a restraining order.  The police, under clandestine means, were able to get the baby and her at the same time and transport her to the shelter.  From what I hear, she is doing fine now and has a husband, a good man, and two more children.  But I will tell you, Jim if it weren’t for the cooperation of the police, who did this as volunteers, I honestly don’t think it would ever have happened. Those people are amazing.”
The pizza came, along with refills, the waitress saying. ‘bon appetite.’
“Don’t burn your mouth, Jim.”
“Too late.”  They laughed. “No wonder he calls you ‘angel'; it fits.”
Mia did not respond. Noticing her solemn expression, he continued, answering the question about his grandchildren.
“I have four grandkids, one girl, finally.  They are something.  Kids these days seem so much smarter than I remember being, or am I just a proud Grandfather.”
 “No, I agree they do seem to be smarter.  I was never that smart.  My friend Dr. John Roberts’ daughter Ella, she is eight now, I tell you she is so smart, Jim.
He is a pediatrician, and we got together on some research I had done, a thesis I wrote for my master’s degree.  He heard me talking one day at a seminar we had both attended about Attention Deficit Disorder and was interested in what I had researched.  Being a pediatrician, he is the first to recognize that kind of disorder in young children of school age, and he was interested in learning more.  We usually met at the library; he is a widower and takes Ella with him almost everywhere that is feasible.  His first wife, Ella’s mother, died of cancer. His second wife died from a prescription overdose, but now he is marrying a lady from Townsend Place, an English teacher, in a few weeks.  Anyway, we almost got kicked out of the library one time when Ella was with us.  Ella ignored us being a perfect little lady while the librarian came over to us to warn us to be quiet.” Mia giggled. “Jim, Ella told me she is going to study about cancer when she grows up.  And to be honest, I have more adult conversations with her than I do with most adults; she is awesome.”
Mia took the last bite of her slice of pizza.  “That makes three pieces, Jim, I think I am at my limit.” She smiled at the sheriff as he shook his head as he bit into the last slice of pizza on the tray.
“I know what you mean.  But we can’t let one piece go uneaten it would be an insult to Tony.” He said with a serious expression.
Mia smiled at him, “go for it, Sheriff.” She gave him a thumb’s up.
He started to laugh, almost choking on the food in his mouth.  Mia handing him his drink, and he gulped it, “that’s what I get for being a hog.”
The table was cleared, and they sat staring at their drinks, Mia wondering what he had to ask her, he, wondering how he was going to reveal what he heard from the Warden.
He had other questions to ask; what to do first was the question. Either one of the issues would put a damper on their mood. His cell phone rang.  “I need to answer this, Mia.” He explained.   “Yes, I did get the message; yes, Beck, I will take care of it; she is with me now.  Well, can you handle it? Good, okay, keep me posted; I will get there as soon as I can.” He put the phone down next to him on the table. “Sorry about that, Mia.”
“Do you have to go, Jim, if there is something you need to ask me…”
“I don’t have to go this minute, and yes, there is something I need to tell you; it is sad news.”
She waited.  He looked over at her, then down at the table and, finally summoning up the courage, told her what the Warden had told him.  “It is about your mother, Mia. I received a call from the Warden at the prison; I asked him to keep me informed about any developments about your mother, telling him I was doing it for Jerry Stovall.  He knows Jerry,” he paused, a few seconds, then continuing said, “apparently your mother died of a stroke the night before last. I am sorry.”
Mia gasping, replied. “Do I have to do anything?  Did they bury her yet?”
“No, you don’t have to do anything, and yes, they buried her in the hospital cemetery.  There was no mention of a daughter or any relatives. The Warden said as far as he knew there is no next of kin.”
“I see; I was thinking of going to see her, I don't know if they would let me, but do you think I could go to the gravesite?
“I really don't know, Mia; I could find out if you want me to.”
She shook her head, “no matter, so when did you know of this?
“He called me on my way here.”
“So that is not the real reason why you want to see me.”
“No, but I think it can wait, it is not that important at this time; besides I wanted to ask you to my place tomorrow for a cookout, I would like you to meet my family.”  He bit his lip.
“Why under the circumstances, I would not think you’d want anything to do with me; I can’t say as I would blame you. I was going to go to the college and get my office ready for Monday, tomorrow, but I don’t know, maybe I will take a rain check.” She looked away from him.
“Mia, I am sorry I have been insensitive, and I apologize.”
“You mean about my mother.  It is okay; I feel detached from her, like after all these years, her disowning me; I mean, I am kind of numbed by it, and at the same time guilty that I don’t feel anything for her.  After what you told me the other day, many things that happened in those three years I was married to Justin seem to fall into place, their actions at the time, her coldness to me, his radical behavior, it all makes a little sense now.  I really do not want to think about her or Justin.  In all honesty, I don’t care who killed Justin, it was horrible what they did to him, but I don’t care; what does it matter. Do you know how Justin died, Jim?”
“Yes, Jerry told me.  Your friendship with Jerry is probably the only reason you are aware of this incident. There is a possibility, slim maybe but a possibility you may be approached by the FBI or IRS, one or the other someday, and I agreed with Jerry you should be informed.  And unfortunately, I need to know all that transpired between you, your mother, her husband, and Justin.  I am not enjoying this, Mia, but I think the more I know, the better in case, you know what I mean?”
“I am sure you know what you are doing, but I can’t do this anymore.  It took me years to get over my life with him.”  She took a deep breath.
“It doesn’t have to be today, now, but soon Mia.”  He sighed and pursed his lips.
She heard the compassion in his voice and saw it in his expression; she was afraid she was going to cry, but not in front of him, 'hang in there girl, she told herself.
“Alright, I will come by in the afternoon. It will be after lunch, probably around three or four.  Will that work. I need your address.” Her heart was racing.
Their mood had changed, Mia feeling like she felt in his office, Sheriff Red feeling like he betrayed a friend.  The hurt people do to others was unacceptable, but in his and her chosen professions, it was all too real.
Chapter Six Meeting the Family
It rained early Sunday, cooling the air with the crispness of a fall day.  Mia left for the college around ten a. m. and planned on getting the entries in for the students she would be counseling.  She had students with the last names beginning with KLMNO.  She also needed to prepare for the psychology class she would be teaching on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Psychology was not her favorite science, even though she had a masters’ degree in it, but to her, it was less complicated than other sciences.
Jim called her in the evening on Saturday, asking her if she was alright and would she be able to make it Sunday.  “Would you like hot dogs or a hamburger?”
“Gosh, I haven’t had a hot dog in a long time; that sounds good.”
“Okay, a hot dog or maybe two?” He teased.
“Oh no, one will do me.”
“I have to warn you it gets a little noisy at my place with the whole gang there.  Jack’s wife Penny is a nurse and is working this weekend, so unless there is some catastrophe, God forbid, the rest of the gang should be there.  I was kind of wishing Penny would be there since you are a nurse too, well, anyway, I am glad you are going to be able to make it.”
“Thanks for inviting me Jim, I am looking forward to it.”
“Okay, see you then.  Bye”.  He felt like a young man again talking with her.  He told himself, she is much too young for me to be thinking this way about her.
“Bye, Jim.”  She sat on the sofa after the phone call, thinking, ‘he is probably doing that good cop routine so I will tell him everything he wants to know, whatever that is.  Maybe he really doesn’t believe I did not know about the insurance money. Well, I didn’t. Maybe I should have thought.’ She covered her face with her hands.
His house was at the curve of the cul de sac.  It was a two-story Tudor-style house in the older section of Townsend Place. SUVs were parked in the driveway, one partially in the street.  Mia parked along the curve in front of the house.
She baked brownies; her grandmother, her father’s mother had told her to always bring something for the host and hostess when you are invited to their house.  She agreed; it also made her feel good to do it.
Mia walked up the inclined driveway; from there, she was met by a young girl, about ten Mia guessing, with red hair dressed in an athletic style outfit one might find on a soccer field.   “Hi, I’m Megan. Are you Mia?”
“Yes, that is me.  Nice to meet you, Megan.”
“Come on, everybody is in the back there.  The boys are playing basketball, Grandpa is grilling, and Aunt Marty and Liz are visiting. I had to go to the bathroom, but Grandpa asked me to watch for you.”  Megan took Mia’s hand, leading her on the concrete walkway to the backyard.
Mia noticed two picnic tables on the spacious lawn, end to end, making one long table, Jim was at the grill, and everyone turned around, stopping what they were doing when Megan announced, “she’s here.”
Jim, standing in front of the grill, wearing an apron over his T-shirt and shorts, with tongs in his hand, turning with a wide grin on his face.  “Just in time, Mia, and what do you have there he motioning with his head at the covered dish she was holding.
“Smells like brownies, Grandpa.” Megan took the dish from her saying, “I will set this on the table.
“Thank you, Megan.”
Jack was the first to approach her, tall, wiry with thick dark brown hair and a thick dark brown mustache.  Jeff, the oldest, a few inches shorter than Jack, muscular, with light brown hair, a round, smooth face, and bright blue eyes, and then came Joe youngest of the two, shorter than both brothers, looking like a teenager, slim, with blond hair and grey eyes, which like his father had a caring and calm demeanor.  Each giving a firm handshake. All in shorts and tees.
The grandchildren were a mix of their parents, Megan being the only one with red hair. The boys were all fit and athletic, looking with flushed cheeks and bright smiles when they were introduced.  There was Mark and Luke, Jeff’s sons, taller than their father, and Joel and Megan, Jack’s children younger than Jeff’s children, and Joe, who was engaged. Jeff teasing, “as far as we know, Joe has no kids.”
Joe’s finance, Liz, came up to where they were standing, slipping her arm in Joe’s saying, “and I am Liz, Joe’s soon to be.  Nice to meet you, Mia.  She was a slight woman as tall as Joe with honey brown hair and eyes to match. Liz, looking chic with white slacks, a red peasant blouse, and sandals, an attractive woman.  Mia felt a little over-dressed, with Jeans, a long-sleeved pullover with the college logo, and ankle boot style shoes.  She was wearing her shoulder-length hair down, taking it out of the ponytail, before she since it was giving her a headache.
Mia asked Joe and Liz, “are you both in law?”
“Yes, as a matter of fact, we are, Joe is going to come to work with my father’s firm, and I haven’t taken the bar exam yet, but when I do, I will work with them also.” Liz squeezed Joe’s arm, smiling.
Mia smiled, nodding, noticing Joe cringe, teasing Liz.
Megan directed her to where Aunt Marty was sitting.  She had a blue cast on her left leg.
“I am sorry I can’t greet you properly, Mia, but as you can see, I am incapacitated. I am Marty, short for Martina.,” sounding like it was a strain to sound polite and studying Mia from head to foot.  There were a couple of beer cans on the table beside her.  She was plump, a tall woman; Mia could tell by her outstretched leg, with very curly dark brown hair and dark brown eyes.  She wore a yellow shift-type dress with a low neckline, a slipper on the left foot, and a laced-up sandal on the right foot.  There were crutches visible under her chair.
The day had turned warmish but not warm enough for Mia to wear shorts and sandals. She marveled at those who went with the seasons no matter what the weather.  As it was supposedly Indian Summer in Central New York.
Each grandchild brought from the house a covered dish to put on the table, and Joe brought out a tray of what he called ‘go along.’
The table was set with paper plates, cups, and plastic utensils, with two rolls of paper towels strategically placed on the tables.
Two coolers were set by the tables, one with beer and one with sodas; Mia was told to help herself.
Megan said, “you can sit next to me, Mia.”
Jeff and Jim brought over foil-covered plates with the hot dogs and hamburgers already in their buns and rolls.
Jim sat at the head of the table, Mia on his right side and Megan next to Mia.  Jack and Joel sat on the left side of Jim, while Jeff sat in between each of his children next to his wife.  Joe and Liz were seated beside each other next to Megan.
They said Grace, which surprised Mia, although thinking it was a nice practice; she always said a silent prayer for thanks whenever she sat at a meal, but not that anyone would notice.
Megan whispering, “my mother made the potato salad; it is very good.”
Smiling, Mia answered, “I love potato salad.”
Mia enjoyed listening to the banter between brothers, and Jim, smiling at them, saying, “their kids have better table manners than their parents.”  His sons, teased him by moaning and whining, answering in unison, “that’s not fair.”
The table was cleared of the remnants of their meal. Melons and a store-bought white cake with chocolate icing, along with a small urn of coffee brought out by the grandchildren, Megan in the lead, and placed on the table alongside the brownies.
Jack saying, “these brownies are great, try one, Joe.”
Jeff was away from the table, answering a phone call.
By the time they finished dessert, dark clouds were slowly moving in from the north.
The grandchildren took down the volleyball net and gathered the basketballs and volleyball to take into a small shed next to the garage. Megan and Jim’s sons rolled up the paper tablecloths, each seeming to know what their task was, and disappeared into the house with the last of their picnic lunch. Mia offered to help but was told it was not allowed since she was a guest.
Liz stayed seated, and Marty, seated, was drinking a beer.  Mia noticing she drank more than she ate, leaving half-eaten food on her paper plate that was left on the table beside her.
Mia sat in a chair next to Marty, Liz across from them.  “You have great kids Marty,” and looking over at Liz, “I am impressed with the closeness of this family; Jim told me all about his boys and his wife the first time I met him….”
Marty interrupting her, “everyone calls him Red, even his wife did; why do you call him Jim?” Her tone was arrogant.
Mia smiled, “he introduced himself to me as Jim Malone; it was not until after I came to Townsend Place, I learned his nickname was Red.”
Liz blurting out, “what Mafia family is Giantelli from?”
“I beg your pardon, Liz.”  Mia was stunned she would ask such a thing.
“C’mon, we all know you woman act as though you don’t know what the men in those families are doing,” Marty said, slurring slightly.
A thunderclap was heard in the distance.
“I am surprised either of you would assume because I have an Italian name, I am part of organized crime.”  Mia did not know how to answer them.
Liz, looking confused, answering “Marty overheard Jeff and Red talking about your family being part of the Mafia.”
“As far as I know, Liz and Marty, the Giantellis, my ancestors were brought over to the United States by a textile company who was interested in their research of synthetics and certain dyes, that is as much as I know.  They became citizens, raised their children here, and when their children became adults, they all became entrepreneurs spreading out to California, Texas, and Syracuse but as far as I know, I am the only one left here in New York.”
Marty, grinning did not reply, while Liz looked puzzled.
Megan came to them, carrying an umbrella; it had started to drizzle.  “Grandpa said to come get you; I will help you, Aunt Marty.”  Megan helped her aunt with the crutches, and Liz came over to them to hold the umbrella.  Mark joined them with another umbrella taking over for Megan to help his mother, while Megan approached Liz and Mia.
Mia stepped away from the umbrella, saying, “Megan, I want to thank you for being a good hostess; please tell your grandfather goodbye for me.”
Megan started to protest, but the rain was falling heavier, so she, with Liz, hurried into the house. After Megan escorted Liz into the house, she went back out to the covered porch to see if Mia was still there, but Mia’s truck was gone.
Megan went into the kitchen, approaching her grandfather, who was standing at the sink, telling him that Mia had left and to say goodbye.
At that same moment, Jeff asked Joel what he was going to do with the can of beer he took from the cooler and when Joel told him he was going to give it to Aunt Marty, Jeff instructed him to put it in the refrigerator.  Jack looked at Jeff in approval, and Sheriff Red said to Megan, “what, why did she leave?”
“I don’t know, maybe Liz and Aunt Marty know; they were talking with her before she left.” Megan looking up at her grandfather, saying, “she looked sad, Grandpa.”
Mia took the long way back to her apartment; the rain was back to a drizzle again, which defined her mood.  Her thoughts were jumbled.  She had not expected such an exchange between Aunt Marty and Liz.  It sounded conspiratorial, something she did not want to believe of Jim Malone.  She shook her head, trying to dismiss the thought.
Henry was sitting up on the front porch of the apartment, waiting for her to climb the stairs.  “Henry, I think you are the only friend I have.  I have some brownies. Do you want one?”
Henry made his guttural noises in answer to her question. “Right, I will get one for you and one for me.”
Entering the apartment, she saw the answering machine light on; she checked it in case one of the volunteers was needing her, and on seeing who the messages were from, ignored it.
The rain had stopped.  She brought out a brownie for Henry, and herself, sitting on the first stair with Henry next to her. “Comfort food, Henry.”  He made his guttural noises in agreement.
Chapter Seven The Apologies
Mia sat on the sofa, listening to the messages, one from Liz who sounded like she had been crying, her voice almost in a whisper.  “Mia, I am so sorry for what I said; Marty was wrong….” there was a pause, “Jeff and Red were not talking about you, she heard it wrong, I feel so ashamed, please accept my apology, I will call you later.”
The second was from Jim, “Mia, I cannot tell you how upset I am that Marty and Liz would confront you with such an accusation.  I apologize for them.  Please do not believe I would have implicated you or your family in anything like that.  I will get in touch with you later.”
Mia laid her head back on the sofa, propping her legs on the white Pine coffee table in front of it, thinking, ‘I don’t care if either of them ever speak to me again.  Besides, I get along better with people in need and dogs.’
The phone rang as she was thinking that to herself, it was Liz, “Mia, I am so sorry for what I said and how I acted, I feel terrible.”
‘Good,’ thought Mia, but answered, “I listened to your apology, Liz, and I accept it; it is one of those things that happen; we let things get away from us sometimes.”  She made a face into the phone.
“Thanks so much for understanding, but I should have known better, Marty, well, it was my fault I made the judgment, and I should not have, so very sorry.  I never saw Red so angry.”
Mia sat up, her feet off the table, “Oh.”
“Yes, Joe was my only ally. I will tell you that I am so embarrassed.”
“I am sorry it happened too, so let us put it behind us and move on.”
“Thanks for being so understanding, Mia.  Hope to see you again, bye for now.”
“Thanks for calling, bye.”  There was a knocking at the front door.
Henry was sitting at attention along with Jim in front of the apartment door.  Jim had changed his clothes to a pair of jeans and a blue chambray shirt, exchanging his sandals for moccasin-type loafers, his hair damp.
“Mia, is it okay if I come in?”
She opened the door for him, standing to one side, “watch your head. This kitchen has a nasty slant to it.”
He lowered his head as he walked into the apartment, “I guess so.”
“Come into the living room and watch your step there; I don’t think this apartment is up to code because the step going into the living room is higher than it should be.”  She informed him with a grin.
“It is kind of odd.”  He stood looking around the room.  He sat on the end of the sectional sofa.
Mia asking, “can I get you anything coffee, water?”  He shook his head; she sat down then continued, “Liz called me just now; she had also left a message as you did, apologizing.”
“As she should have, and so should Marty, but I doubt you will hear from her I, I don’t know how to apologize Mia, Jeff, and I were talking about a subject that has nothing to do with you.  It is a case Jeff is working on, and we were discussing it, and I don’t know where Marty got the idea it had anything to do with you.”  His expression was serious, his face reddened.
“Liz told me you were very angry, Jim, or should I call you Red?”
“Hell no, Jim is fine.”
Mia raised her eyebrows at him; she needed to think of something to say to calm him down.
“What do you think of this apartment, it is a trip, isn’t it?  When I sit at the kitchen table, I can see, without obstruction through the window over the sink, but when I stand at the kitchen sink, I can only see the tops of the trees.”  She was smiling at him, “see the desk behind us, well it is so heavy that when I moved in here, I told the owners to leave it, because there was no way it could be moved without someone getting hurt, so I keep it here, and I use it too.  Over there,” she pointed to her left, “there is another step that goes to the bedroom; before you get there though, there is a door with a toilet and a sink to the right of it, and in a room across from that is the tub with a shower.”  She giggled,” I could not resist it; I had to rent it.  Besides, it is in close proximity to the shelters.  Did I mention it is reasonable rent?”
“What’s that room on the other side of this one?”
“I am not sure, but I think it may have been a sunroom, but with the trees all grown, no sun ever gets through.  I use the closets in it for storage; I hardly ever go in there.”
“It also has a step going into it.”
“Right, some builder was into steps, I guess.”
“Thanks, Mia, I feel a little better now; I waited to come here, I guess I should have waited longer, but Liz is right; I was very angry.  I don’t like getting like that, but I lost it.  Don’t look at me like that. I didn’t do anything rash; I just told Liz a few things I had wanted to say for a long time I thought she had it coming to her.  As far as Marty is concerned, I am sad about her.  Jeff is unhappy, and before she broke her leg, he was thinking of leaving her and taking the boys with him.  Then she missed a step going out of their house one day, breaking her lower leg and luckily only needed to have a cast, no pins, screws, or whatever else hardware they use these days, and he reconsidered.  It is hard to see your child, no matter what age, I guess, to be unhappy.  He has not confided in me about their problem; I am hoping for everyone’s sake they are going through a ‘rough patch’ and will reconcile. “
“Yes, let’s hope so.”
“If it isn’t too much trouble, I could use a cup of coffee.”
Mia stood, “no trouble at all.  It will take a nana second. How about a brownie?”
“Can’t turn that down.”
While she was in the kitchen, he looked around the rooms, the floors he could see were a dark wood, and the walls were painted a soft white.  In the living room was a large bookcase filled with books, and photos all neatly arranged, next to the desk.  The room was just big enough for the light blue-gray upholstered sectional sofa, which took most of the space in the room, a large white Pine coffee table in front of it. He was not sure how she navigated around to the desk, but it looked like it was being used; a large window behind it without drapes showed a view of tall Hickory trees, a few potted Ferns on the sill. Although it was a small space, it did not seem crowded or busy; it seemed airy, a calming effect.
Mia came in with a tray, handing him a cup of coffee cradled in a saucer, and placed a dish with a brownie on it on the coffee table in front of him accompanied by a fork and napkin.
“Kind of formal, Mia; I’m not used to this.”  He said, lifting his cup from the saucer.
“It’s fun once in a while to indulge oneself. What else is on your mind, Sheriff?” She said, pursing her lips.
Chapter Eight About the Money
He sipped his coffee, raising his eyebrows to her, “this is good coffee, and the brownie is very good.”
“Thanks, Jim.”
“I do want to ask you about the money, I don’t mean the life insurance money, I mean how are you able to do all of this, the shelters, I mean, did you inherit some money, because I know you worked your way through college and had two careers going at once, I only ask because the more I know, the easier it will be for me to keep any investigators at bay.”
“Oh, so that is what you want to know.  You are right. I did inherit a bunch of money, just in the nick of time too.”
“How did you manage after you left your husband if you were only getting an allowance from him?”
She took a deep breath, “more coffee?”  She had the feeling he knew the answer but needed verification.
“Yes please, coffee, no brownie, thanks.  I think I am on full.”
When Mia came back with the coffee, she took a deep breath, “this is a sad story, Jim, I have never told anyone this, of course, there was no one to tell it to, but I wasn't myself then, I think I mentioned that fact to you.”
He shook his head, “it’s okay, Mia.  I imagine it to be a low point in your life.”
“The lowest.  Justin asked me to quit my job at the hospital for about, oh, close to a year after Ronnie died, finally. He made it so unbearable for me, I quit.
I had worked at the hospital since graduating from high school.  My mother told me I would have to find my own way since she could not expect Carl to take care of both of us.  So, I moved out of their house, found an apartment a few blocks from the hospital where I worked so I would not need a car.  I worked as an aide while taking classes in nursing.
It worked well, and I got an Associate Degree in Nursing; I couldn’t get the courses I needed for a bachelor’s degree in nursing, so I got one in science and at the same time got a teacher’s certificate. I worked at the hospital, all totaled for almost eight years in one capacity or another; I got my masters later on.  So, when I quit work, I was vested.  It was like close to fifty thousand, after taxes it was around forty thousand.
Because of Justin’s gambling, I put the money, in cash, in a safe deposit box,” she saw him flinch, “I know it was against all instincts to do it that way, but I did not want a paper trail or any way that Justin could find out about it, because it would have been gone.  I had a savings account under my maiden name, and for some reason, the safe deposit box was also under my maiden name.  It was a good thing, but I don’t remember how it happened since I changed my name back to Giantelli after our divorce.
I figured I would use the money for an emergency, our children’s education, whatever, so I told myself to forget it was there, and I put the key in a small, zippered compartment in my purse and actually did forget about it.  Jim, I was a fool.”  She looked at him, then up at the ceiling, taking a deep breath, and continued, “I can not to this day, understand my actions, thoughts or non-thoughts, as to why I stayed with him.
When I left him, I thought I only had fifty dollars in my wallet leftover from grocery money.  Three days later, when I got myself together, I happened to find the safe deposit box key while I was searching for some extra cash I might have hidden in my purse.  I could not believe it; how could I forget such a thing.”
“So, where were you staying those three days prior?”
He was sharp, she thought to herself, answering, “At the YWCA.
“What made you leave him? I mean, you said you went to your mother's to think about it and rest, so what helped you to make up your mind to leave him?”
“I thought you wanted to know about the money?”
“I do, but….”
“Let’s stick to the money story.”
“Okay, so I assume you did not have any children.”
“No, I had a miscarriage.”
“And that was the deciding factor in your leaving him?”
“I can’t; I mean, I guess it was the miscarriage.”  She hurried to get off that subject.
“Anyway, when Carl came home to Syracuse, he told me he did not like the lifestyle in Florida, and when I asked him why my mother did not come home with him, he did not want to talk about it but said she was happy there.  He was dying of cancer.
His sister came from Utica to stay with him until he died.  She told me he had a life insurance policy for me.  I was surprised.
When I went to claim it, they found another life insurance policy my father had for me, finding it hidden under some other policies, and were very apologetic about their negligence.  They totaled two hundred and fifty thousand dollars after taxes, and that is the money I used to renovate the house in Syracuse.
At that time, I was working in the ER every other weekend and teaching at the high school during the week.”  She paused, took a breath again before continuing.  “Although Human Health services take care of victims of domestic violence, they count mostly on private funding along with federal subsidies.  I wanted to set up an annuity for the house, but instead, I gave HHS enough money to get through the year, wondering how the heck I was going to be able to keep funding it each year.
It was summer break, and I was trying to figure out my budget, which was not computing.   My aunt, my father’s sister in California, phoned me to ask me if I wanted to go there for my grandmother’s funeral.  I had kept in touch with my grandmother over the years once she left Syracuse to live with her son and daughter and their families in California, so of course I wanted to go to the funeral.
As it turned out, the Giantellis had oil wells in Texas.  A great uncle from Texas, around the Austin area, was also there with his wife.  All they talked about was oil and Texas, laughing and joking, which I did not understand and thought it was being disrespectful to my grandmother, but I did not say anything.
Mia Giantelli Roberts, my great, great, great grandmother, whom I am named after, had oil on her property, and she and her husband, who was a lawyer, used some of those profits to help fund a women’s hospital in Houston, so I was told. It is quite a story about my grandmother in Texas, quite unbelievable, I have to say, although some of it must be true.  One of her Grandchildren or son had a biography of her life published; I have the book on the bookshelf over there; someday I may finish reading it.
So, when it came time to read my grandmother’s will, I said I would wait in another room but was told that I was in her will.  I thought, how nice, maybe I will get a hundred bucks or a valuable piece of China or even a pair of earrings. I would have loved a memento of my grandmother; she was a neat lady and a great cook.  When their lawyer went around the table and came to me, I heard a million.”  She paused, grinning. “One of my relatives asked me if I heard what was said, and me, like the ding-a-ling I can be at times, said ‘I heard a million, is that a perfume?’
Jim, when they told me it was eight million dollars, I think I fainted.  It did get a little dark in there.  My heart was beating like crazy; you can imagine.  Of course, after taxes, to the state of California, and New York State, and the Federal government, it was a little less than half of it, but I wasn’t complaining.  That is how I was able to finance these last two houses and put money in an annuity for all of them, so they should be okay for a long time.
I still have plenty of money, no financial worries, but I decided I can’t live on it without it running out eventually, so that’s why I’ve gone back to a paying job.”  She smiled, shrugging her shoulders at him.
He stared at her for a few seconds, then answered, “some story, thanks for sharing it with me, Mia.”  He stood and stretched his arms over his head; good God, he said to himself, good for her.
“I would like to sit and talk with you some more, but it is almost ten. Can we get together again this week?”
“I will be working all week, except Friday I will be able to leave the campus around two, but I promised Ella, Dr. John Roberts’ daughter, I would meet her when she is off school, she gets out around three-thirty, she is upset because I was not invited to John’s wedding, so maybe the weekend?”
“I will get back to you on that.  I may be free Sunday.”
“Okay, that will work.  Jim, I want you to know I did enjoy meeting your boys and grandchildren; the ladies need some work, but other than that, I had fun.”
He laughed, “that makes me feel good; you saying that I am proud of my boys and grandchildren.  Liz is a good person, she, well, who am I to judge, Joe loves her, and she adores Joe, so that is what counts.”
After he left, Mia sat in the living room, trying to remember all she had told Jim and trying to suppress the memory of those days before she left Justin.  “Stop thinking, Mia.”  She said to the walls.  “Big day tomorrow, time to get some sleep. I got to stop talking out loud to myself.” She said out loud.
Chapter Nine Red’s Dilemma
Leaving Mia’s apartment, Red met Henry waiting for him by his Ford Explorer.  The Sheriff took his offered paw and patted him on the head.  Satisfied, Henry trotted back to his owners’ house.
Before he knew of the incident with Liz and Marty, while Jack was helping him at the kitchen sink, Jack observed that maybe Mia was someone special to him.
Jim said, “she is a special person, Jack.”
Jack retorted, “I mean to you, Dad.”
He ignored Jack, but Jack would not be ignored, saying, “Dad, life is too short; if you think she is right for you, go for it.”
He was surprised at the relief he felt by his son saying that to him but afraid that the circumstances that brought them together may not bode well for their future.
He sensed the relationship with her ex-husband was a painful memory, so as much as he wanted to know more about him, he did not want to open old wounds.
Jerry Stovall was suspicious of an abusive relationship, describing her ex as a mean and nasty individual.  Jerry told him when he asked Mia if she knew anyone who would kill him, she replied, ‘probably anyone who knew him.’ And Jerry said, ‘I figured she was just about right.’ 
Jerry also knew her mother, father, and stepfather since they all went to the same high school.  He described her father as a ‘sweet guy, her mother as a little strange, but a very pretty young girl, with dark hair and dark blue eyes, a stunner.  He also knew Carl, her stepfather, because he was on the force for a short time, he was getting disability from a gunshot wound to his right arm that impacted a nerve in his hand.  He said he did not know how that ‘looney toon landed such good men.’
Jerry had also told him about Veronica Pirro, something that Jim could not decide how he would relate the information to Mia.  He felt guilty knowing these things that had impacted her life while she was not aware of them. ‘Geez, what have I got myself into.  How do I form this into a viable relationship, or am I kidding myself that I would even have a chance with her? Well, old man, who says she wants anything to do with you in the first place.’
Chapter Ten Visiting with Ella
Mia was putting her desk in order, getting ready to leave her office to meet Ella.  It had been a good week; things went smoothly; she had trepidations about her new career choice, but it was going well, and it was good to be back to teaching again.
There was a knock at her door, “Come in.”
“Miss Giantelli, I am Becky Lowery…”
“Yes, Becky, I remember you, come in.  What is on your mind?”  Mia was looking at a tall young woman, a tattoo of some kind of writing on her lower arm, with a shaved hair cut on one side of her head and a longer style on the other side.  Dressed in jeans and a light blue vee cut blouse.  Looped earrings visible on one of her ear lobes, the other hidden by her long hair.
“I need to talk with you about something, it’s er, about my friend.  And her boyfriend.  Mrs. Scott said, you have dealt with domestic violence, I don’t know if this is what it is, but I thought maybe you could give me some advice to give my friend.”
“Sure, if I can help, what are you doing on campus today?”  Mia asked, sitting behind her metal desk.
“I work at the BBQ place across the street, half-day on Friday; I saw your pickup and thought I would see if you were not busy; I mean if you are, we can make this another time.”
“I have an appointment at three-thirty, so I have time; please take a seat.”  Becky sat across from Mia’s desk.
“Go ahead, tell me what you are concerned about,”  Mia said with a faint smile.
“My friend told me her boyfriend is, well, is getting rougher during sex. He talks her into doing things she is not comfortable with is the way she puts it.”
When Becky paused, Mia said, “Can she refuse him?”
“She said she tried, but he says if she loved him and things like that, it shouldn’t be a problem.”  Another pause.
“What does she want to do about it?”
“She told him she wanted to take a break from him for a while, and he said he would find someone else.”  Becky's eyes lowered.
“And?”
“Well, she loves him and doesn’t want to lose him; she knows he is just teasing her and doesn’t mean it.”
“I see.  Has there been any other type of abuse?”
“Is that abuse?”
Mia asked her again, keeping her voice soft, her expression compassionate, “Do you know if he has done any other kind of abuse, like hitting, punching, kicking, that sort of thing?”
Becky was struggling with her emotions; Mia recognizing it as a clue it might not be the girlfriend with the problem, but Becky.
“She mentioned something about his slapping her a couple of times, but she said it was during an argument.”
“My advice Becky, to your girlfriend, is get away from him and stay away, let him get someone else.  My experience with these types of situations is that kind of abuse, whether it be sexual and/or physical, will escalate.  She may love him, but it is not a loving relationship.  When two people share a relationship, they usually want to make the other happy.  There are disagreements, sure, a couple are two different personalities, and it is normal.  But this situation your friend is in is not healthy.”
“So, you think she should leave him then?”
“That is my advice. Look, let me give you a number of a hotline she can call, or you can call if the need arises.” She took a card out of a side drawer. “These people will help her get to a shelter or give advice on how to handle the situation.  Also, tell her she can call the police.  They will also help.” Seeing the look on Becky’s face, Mia added, “I know most people hesitate to call 911, but if it is an emergency, that is her best recourse.
Tell her the very best recourse is to get out of there before it comes to that.”  Mia looking into her eyes, emphasizing her advice.  “And Becky, do not think for one minute a situation as your friend is in cannot escalate; that is probably why she is talking about it to you, because she is afraid it will, or it already has.”  She handed her a card with the hotline number circled in red ink and 911 in red ink alongside it.
Becky looking at her, said, “Thank you, Miss Giantelli, I will give this to her.”  She stood for a minute holding the card in her hand, then turning and, with a wave, walked out the door.
Mia ran her hands through her hair, sighing, hoping she got through to Becky.  Saying a silent prayer to give Becky the strength, or if in fact, it is a friend, to follow her advice.
An earlier rain had cooled the air.  Mia watching the skies as she drove to the East side of Syracuse, hoping the threatening-looking clouds would dissipate.
Ella and her Aunt Isabella were waiting on the porch where she, her aunt, and her father lived. Ella still had her school uniform on, not taking the time to change her clothes; Mia guessed anxious to be ready when Mia came for her.  Ella had a striking attractiveness, auburn hair and wide brown eyes, tall for her age, but graceful in her movements. Even at her young age, she had a sharp intellect and a sweet and sunny disposition.
After John married, he would be living in his wife’s lake house in Townsend Place, Mia assuming Ella would live with her father and his wife.
After a man Aunt Isabella was caring for died, she came to live with them when John became a widower for the second time to help take care of him and Ella.
Aunt Isabella waved to Mia as Ella ran to the pickup and jumped in.  Mia waving back.
Ella greeting Mia with a big smile, Mia smiling back, both hugging each other, Mia straining on her seat belt.  “Where to Sunshine, a banana split, a hot fudge sundae, I know a double, no, triple scooped ice cream cone.”
“Ella laughed, “How about a nice deli sandwich.”
“You got it, kid, and they bumped fists, and then we can have the ice cream.”  Mia looking over at her with a big grin, thinking Ella would be laughing, but instead, Ella looking over to her with saddened brown eyes, said, “I wish Dad was marrying you instead.”
Mia sobering, saying, “Oh Honey, me and your father are good friends, we… well it never was that way with us.”
Chapter Eleven Ella’s Concerns
The deli was in the back of an Irish bar and Italian restaurant combination in a strip mall.  The deli store was mostly for take-out but with a few tables and chairs for those who chose to eat-in.  She and John would often come for lunch after working on their project at the library and bring Ella too, whenever she was with them.
Mia saw Jeff Malone when she and Ella walked in the restaurant sitting at the bar, an attractive woman sitting alongside him, their shoulders touching.  Jeff looked over at them as they entered, then quickly looked away.  Mia seeing him, almost waved, then seeing his reaction, guessed maybe he was undercover, so she ignored him.  Jim had mentioned he was working on a case; maybe this was it?
The low ceiling rafters of the deli were lined with various cheeses hanging from it, the meats were in a glass case, and on the counter above were small jars of Greek and Italian olives, kosher pickles, and boiled eggs.  The aroma was intoxicating.
They ordered one pastrami sandwich for Mia and one roast beef sandwich for Ella.  Chips came with it, and so did the sodas.  After placing their order Mia and Ella sat at one of the few tables that lined the narrow room.  They were the only eat-in customers.
“How is it going at school, all A’s, I bet?”
“So far. There is going to be a concert next week, and I tried out to play the piano for it, and I found out today they accepted me.”  She said, smiling at Mia.
“Oh wow, Ella, that is terrific.  What time is the concert, maybe I can make it there to hear you play?
“It is one of those afternoon things on a Wednesday, this time, but we will be going to an all-County concert, the weekend after Dad’s wedding.”
“Well, I can definitely attend the all-County concert; I will be there; e-mail me the schedule, okay?” Mia took Ella’s hand.
 “Ella, your father and I met a couple of weeks ago, and he explained to me that he and Helen were having a private wedding, just a few families and friends, so I don’t feel put out at all; I understand completely.”
“So then why did Helen invite the whole football team and coach?”  She squeezed Mia’s hand and let go of it, sighing.
“Is that true the whole football team?”  Mia said with a grin, unbelieving.
“Well, not all but the coach and his family; it is all about her.”  Ella’s tone was serious.
“Well, that is usually the case; it is all about the bride.”  Their number was called.
“Ah, this looks great; do you think we will be able to eat all this?”  Mia laughed, placing the tray on the table, hoping to generate a smile from Ella.
“We can get a doggy bag.” No smile.
“Right.” They ate in silence.
“Golly, I am full,”  Mia said, finishing half the sandwich and sitting up straight in her chair. “Ella, if your father is happy, that is all that matters, don’t you think- I know you do, Honey.”
“I know that is what Aunt Bella says; at least they invited her.”
“There you go,” Mia said, waving her arm in the air, widening her eyes, and shaking her head.
Ella laughed.  “We can do this once in a while; I mean you and me?”
“You betcha kid, I will look forward to it and plan on it.” They bumped fists.
“I am full, Ella, but by the time we walk the length of the mall, I am sure I will need an ice cream cone; how about you?”  Mia smiling and Ella nodding her head with the sweet young girl smile Mia had been hoping to see.  ‘I did it,’ she said to herself.
There were two cars in the driveway; when Mia drove up to the house, Ella explained that her Aunt had a few women over on Fridays who got together to make knit items for the local church bazaar. And added that later in the evening, after her father made rounds at the hospital, he was coming to take her to the lake house for the weekend.
“Good timing then for you and me.  It was fun, Ella, it always is with you, so next time maybe we can make a day of it.  Whatever you want to do, we will do it.”
“Okay. That is a deal.”  Ella paused, saying as she got out of the car, “I love you, Mia.”
Mia handed her the take-out box, and in a hoarse voice, Mia said, “I love you too.”  She watched the young girl walking up the steps to the front porch, then stopping to wave before going into the house.
Mia’s eyes tearing, she quickly wiped them away with her fingers.
Chapter Twelve Another Invite
Friday evening Penny Malone phoned to invite Mia to her and Jack’s house for a Sunday dinner. Then went on to say she was sorry she missed her at Red’s last weekend, but the reason was they had called her in when a nurse called in sick, telling her that Red was invited too.
Mia was not so sure she wanted to do this again.  When she could not think of an excuse to give her, she consented.  Penny was delighted, asking her if she could be there at five o'clock on Sunday.
That same evening Jim phoned and asked her if she would want to ride with him to Jack and Penny’s.  Mia hesitated, ‘thinking, ride with him and then said,’ that would be fine.’ The phone conversation did not last long, but he did say he would check with her again tomorrow.
Saturday was chore day. Usually, she did her grocery shopping during the week and then puttered around the apartment washing clothes and dusting.  Now she had to think of something to make to bring to the dinner party.
The radio was playing rock and roll music; she moved to the music as she dusted and folded clothes, wearing faded jeans, a blue T-shirt, and her lime green crocs.  She hoped to have the day to herself without interfacing with anyone.  She really was a recluse, she said to herself, but in truth, she felt she was socially inept.
She was fine with patients and students, but the rest of the population she found hard to communicate with.  She marveled at those at parties or doings; she was invited to who could so easily talk small talk.  Not only that, but she never knew what the latest buzzword was, and when she finally got the grasp of it, another one was in vogue.  She was hopeless, she thought.
She had tried the single scene, even that turned out to be a bust.  She went to meet people and have a good time but found it was a game she did not know how to play.  Besides the way the single women dressed, she could not compete with them, all of them comfortable and pretty, in their strapless dresses or low-cut tops along with tight, mini dresses or tight skirts or slacks.  Plus, she did not drink alcohol, not that it was against her religion or values; it was she immediately got a buzz, a dizzy feeling, which made her feel out of control of herself.  Not a good feeling in a crowd of strangers.
Even the men she dated, all blind dates, were good-looking, her age, most with careers, but had issues; like their girlfriend left them, they were divorced or about to get one, and all they wanted from their date was sex.
Talk about behind the times, Mia thought to herself.  Now with Red and his family, she was apprehensive about this Sunday.  Take it as it comes, Mia, just take it as it comes, she said to herself.
There was a knock at her door.  She lowered the volume on the radio, put down her duster, and answered the door.  “Red, come on in.” He was in uniform.  She saw Henry at the other end of the porch, asleep, ‘thinking some watchdog.’
Red entered, “So it is Red now, is it.”  He said with a smile.
“Seeing you in uniform, I think like the rest of the population here.”
He grinned at her explaining, “my wife called me Red, Jim when we were alone, but I knew I was in trouble when she’d yell out, ‘James Malone.’  I kind of got used to you calling me Jim.”
Mia smiled at him, “well, Jim, I could go for a break; how about a cup of coffee?”
“Sounds good, thanks.  I can only stay for a short time, I just thought I would stop by and check on you.”  He was fidgety, twirling his wide-brimmed hat, then realizing what he was doing, placed it on the counter by the sink.
“Here, sit at the table; it is against the wall because that is the only level spot in the kitchen. It has a porcelain top; it even has a chip in it that shows the black underneath.  I think it is the neatest thing; I keep a tablecloth on it because it has other scratches and some permanent stains on it.  It was part of the apartment, so I kept it here.  Besides, it fits perfectly in this spot.”
She poured the coffee, this time in coffee mugs.  “You take milk, right?”  She put a small pitcher of milk on the table.
“Right.”
Mia sat across from him.  He had a young face, no wrinkles, smooth fair skin, and kind eyes. The comfortable feeling she felt for him made her wonder, with the circumstances bringing them together would it be possible for their relationship to develop.  
“Penny is a good cook, but Jack will be grilling the steaks.”  And as though reading her thoughts, he continued, “all the good works you have done Mia, I thought it would be good for my kids to meet someone like you.  Plus, I thought you might be someone they could relate to.  In our business, well, you know how it is, it is hard to meet down to Earth-type people.”
“That is nice, Jim, especially knowing what you know about my mother and late ex-husband.”
“That has nothing to do with you, what they did; I think it is a marvel you have the disposition you do considering that fact.”
“Thanks for that Jim, I appreciate that.” Feeling her face redden, she changed the subject.  “I was thinking of making an apple pie, with real apples to take to Jack and Penny’s; what do you think?”
“Excellent idea; I love apple pie.” He glanced out the window as he answered her, “you are right. You can see the whole front yard from here.” He chuckled.
Mia smiled, thinking to herself, what a nice man, wish there wasn’t such an age difference. I am sure he thinks me more like a daughter than a friend or something more.’  “More coffee?”
“No thanks, no more coffee, I just wanted to get with you; I am awkward over the phone, but also I wanted to see your smiling face; it always gives me a lift.”   He paused, “I hope you don’t think I am being too forward, Mia, I mean, but I think of you more of a friend than a, well, I mean with the difference in our ages and all.”  Damn man, he thought to himself, you are embarrassing yourself.
“Jim, I don’t think about the difference in our ages; it doesn’t seem relevant for some reason.  I mean, you are a good person, and I am happy to know you.  Your thinking of me the way you do, well, it is special to me. Thanks for telling me that.”
He stood, and Mia stood; he padded her shoulder, although he wanted to embrace her. “That pleases me too.  The real reason I came here was to tell you I would come for you around four tomorrow, is that okay?”
“Perfect.”  She answered, thinking, ‘just like you.’
Chapter Thirteen A Pleasant Visit
Jim was in Mia’s driveway at exactly four o’clock. She met him at the bottom of the stairs, carrying a covered plastic dish.  “Mia, that smells so good; maybe we could eat it on the way and not tell anyone.”  He held the door to his Explorer for her.  She giggled.
Henry was out with his owners; Mia explained when Jim asked about his not greeting him as usual.
She looked neat, Jim thought, looking down at her in her brown twill slacks with a tan long-sleeved pullover sweater.   A barrette held her shoulder-length hair back away from her forehead, revealing small, looped earrings.  He noticed she always wore shoes to give her height, and although hardly noticeable, the shoes she wore had a wedged heel.  He took the covered dish and the jacket she had brought with her and put them on the back seat.  “You might need the jacket later Mia, I brought mine too, just in case.”
“You look nice in that shirt; those plaid brown and blue colors are good on you.”  She complimented him.  He looked years younger in his civvy outfit, with this plaid shirt tucked neatly in his dark brown Docker slacks.
“Oh, this old thing.”  He teased, smiling.
“Jim, would we have a few minutes to spare I want to show you something?”
“Sure, is it far from here?”
“No, actually, instead of going to the right at the end of the road, turn left, and it is down this road a short way, about three-tenths of a mile. There, stop here.”  They were stopped on a curve in the road, looking at an old building that had seen better days and an expanse of trees in the background.  She did not know why she was asking him to do this; maybe it was the need to share it with someone.
“This is it, I bought these ten acres, and I am going to build a house on it.  When I was looking for the second shelter for this area, I found this place.  Chris, he is the son of Tom Tanner, who was partners with my father- you know - well, anyway, Chris is going to help with the building of a house for me.  This old building will be torn down.  Tom and Chris both agree nothing is salvageable in it, not even the wood inside.  Although it must have been a nice structure at one time.  So, what do you think?”
“It is a lot of land.  My friends and I used to come out here to hunt.  I don’t know if this is exactly the place, but close to it.  I did go with them a couple of times but couldn’t get into the killing of things.”
“I can imagine how you felt about killing any kind of living thing.”  She touched his arm, adding, “It is a lot of land; the surveyor said that about three unwooded acres so that is where I will build.”  She was animated, as usual, pointing and waving her arms as she explained her plans.  “Chris Tanner doesn’t agree with me on building a big house, but that is what I want.  I am not sure why.”  She said with a shrug and rolling her eyes.
Jim was smiling at her. “That is great; I am happy for you; I suppose they won’t be able to start until Spring?”  He turned the car around and headed back toward the town.
“Yes, a lot of grading and that kind of thing has to be done, but Chris said he would take care of removing the building this month.”  She was smiling at him, his eyes on the road smiling too.
Jack and Penny's house was in an older area of Townsend Place, on the edge of the town, beyond were steep rolling hills leading to large dairy farms.
Large old Hickory trees lined their street.  The houses here had a charm to them, built from what Mia learned, as far back as the twenties, when the paper mill was in operation and then after World War two, but was maintained well, the people living here taking pride in their neighborhood.
Megan greeted them at the front door with a big smile, taking the covered dish from Jim. They were early, but Jim said that would give them time to visit before they ate.  Mia agreed.
Megan stood aside when her mother came to the door. “Come in, ooh, what do you have here? It smells so good.”  Penny said with a soft musical voice, giving Mia then Jim a hug.
“Yeah,” Jim said, “it took me all night to bake this.”  They laughed.
Penny was slim, with a pretty round face, light grey eyes, her Ash blond hair up in a bun on the top of her head.  She wore black tights and a paisley peasant blouse over it, with black slipper-like shoes.  She was not much taller than Mia.
Jack came in from the living room, looking handsome with his dark wavy hair and a dark brown mustache.  He was dressed casually in jeans and a navy-blue cotton sweater, and like his father, wore tan leather low heeled boots, “hey, c’mon in, Mia, nice to see you again.” He nodded his head at her.
Joel came down the stairs, waving, greeting his grandfather with a hug, and nodding to Mia.  Megan waiting her turn, hugged her grandfather, then saying to Mia, “nice to see you again, Mia,” shaking her hand, “so glad you are here.”  Her face flushed, she, letting her grandfather and Mia walk ahead of her as they were ushered into the living room.
“Your house is charming.  I am making plans to build a house, and I might copy some of the archways that separate the rooms; it is, well, charming,” her comical facial expression making everyone laugh.
Jim explains, “Mia bought the property near where I used to go hunting.”
“Oh, yeah, I know that area.  It is nice around there, quiet most of the time, except for hunting season.” Jack said.
Jim went out with Jack, each with a bottle of beer in hand, to start up the grill as Penny invited Mia into the kitchen to visit while she got started on her end of the meal.  Megan followed.  “Joel and Megan are invited to a birthday party this afternoon. That’s why they are dressed as they are, in case you were wondering.”  She chuckled.  They were in jeans and long-sleeved T-shirts.  “It is at one of those arcade type of pizza places in the mall.”
“I am sorry, Mia, I want to go to the party, but I would like to be here too.”
“Oh, that is sweet, Megan, but I am sure you will have fun at the party; maybe I will see you when you get back?”
Megan smiled, “maybe, gotta go, our ride is here.”
“Say goodbye to Grandpa and Dad, you too, Joel.  And don’t forget your jackets.”
The dinner was delicious, and a lot of it. Baked potatoes along with the steak, green beans with slivers of almonds, and a large, tossed salad with anchovies on it. Mia savored all of it.
She helped Penny clean up by putting the dishes in the dishwasher, Jack saying that was his job, “but it will give you two a chance to talk girl talk.”
Penny hit him with a towel.  “Good thinking.”
“I am going to have to write this up; I think you assaulted me,” he said with a teasing grin. Penny shook her head at him.
While Jack and Jim were in the living room to watch the last quarter of a football game, Penny said, “Mia, thanks for coming.  Jack felt so bad for Red the way things ended last weekend.”  They were sitting at the kitchen table, waiting for the coffee to perk.
“It is all cleared up now; Liz apologized, and so did Red.  I am fine with it, and I think it is very good of you to have invited me, Penny, it is a real treat, and I am glad to have met you.”
“Yeah, Red said you were a good person.  He isn’t one to do this kind of thing.  So, you must be someone special to him.  What Marty did was not like our family, I don’t know what is wrong there, but she is going through some kind of problem.”  She paused, then added, “it is tough being a cop’s wife.”
“I see.”
“Well, coffee is ready.  We can have dessert in the living room; by the way, thanks for bringing the pie; it beats my store-bought one.”   Penny fixed a tray for the coffee, and Mia followed her into the living room with another tray with wedges of apple pie on each dish.
Mia doubted the button on her slacks would hold much longer; she was so full.  Penny said she would only give her a sliver of the pie, but instead, it turned out to be a long sliver.
“Well, you guys did it; I am completely stuffed.”  Mia laughed.
Red laughed.
Jack laughed and then addressed Mia, “Mia, what was it like when you taught at the high school?  Why I ask is that my partner’s wife just started working at our local high school, and she is frazzled, to say the least.  She can’t believe how hard it is to teach these kids, she says.”
“They are a challenge.  There are a lot of kids with learning disabilities, and the school curriculum is such now that it is geared for, and stresses, getting a college degree and less on vocational types of careers.”
“I don’t understand, Mia,” Red said, leaning from his seat towards her.  “What does that have to do with learning.”
“Well, I had a hard time with that too.  A college-designed curriculum for those in high school with learning disabilities is too difficult for them to comprehend and be successful in school. Most of them have what is called Attention Deficit Disorder.”
Penny asked, “is that ADHD?”
“Well, Penny, that is one of the types of ADD; it is described as the classic type.  Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, but there are other types as well, but I have to tell you when I could not get through to these kids, I had to find out why, so I did some research on it.”
Jack interrupted, “c’mon, Mia, it can’t be that complicated; it takes discipline and none of this namby-pamby stuff.”
“That is what I thought too. Exercise, a good nutritional diet, discipline, but unfortunately, it is more complicated than that.  Also, it has become controversial.”
“Don’t you think you are making more of it than it is?”
“I was hoping that was what I would find, Jack, but the research I did convinced me it is not as easy as one thinks, but getting back to your partner’s wife, there are programs designed for these types of individuals which also aids the teacher in gearing her lessons for them.”
Penny said, “that does sound complicated.”  Mia smirked.
“I’m not buying it, Mia.”
“I know, Red, it is hard to believe.  Because these kids are normal enough and, in some cases, act normal enough but, eventually, because of their uncontrollable impulses they are labeled a behavioral problem, a troublemaker, lazy, stupid, and it goes on and on.”  I wish he had not asked me that question, and why am I going on with this, she thought to herself.
She was saved by Joel and Megan bursting into the front door, laughing.  Penny stood up, excusing herself as she went to the hallway to greet them.
“Well, Jack, I think we better get going,” both men stood.  Mia taking the cue, stood also. “Ready, Mia?”
Mia nodded.  “Jack, the steaks were great.  Thank you.”  She turned, smiling up at him. He smiled back; he was standing behind Red and Mia. “I meant to ask you, Mia, is your doctor friend John Roberts?”
“Yes, it is,” she answered, looking back at him.  Had she mentioned a doctor friend?
“Helen Ormsby is marrying a doctor, and I wondered if it were he.”
“Yes, they are getting married soon.”
His father turned to look at him with a scowl on his face, trying to signal Jack not to say anymore, but Jack continued, “did the doctor ever tell you about the shower in her master bedroom?”
Red said, “Jack, it was a mistake.  Somehow the plumbers misunderstood her father, and it was put in the wrong place.”
Mia stopped, turning to look at Jack, “John never mentioned it to me, but that is odd.”
Jack raising his eyebrows, “that is an understatement. How I know is that when I played football in high school, Mrs. Ormsby and Coach Logan would have a party for our team after the season ended, even if it was not successful.”
Jim gave him a cut-it-out signal with his hand across his throat.
Megan came into the room, asking Mia if she would like to see her doll collection in her bedroom.
Mia looked up at Red, asking him if they would have time, and he said, with a chuckle, “sure, I will give you ladies ten minutes.”
Penny had gone into the kitchen to get Mia’s covered dish out of the dishwasher.
Joel was talking with his father and grandfather as Mia and Megan ascended the stairs to Megan’s bedroom.
“These are my dolls, this one my grandma Peggy gave me,” she showed her a porcelain-faced doll with elegant features wearing a light pink long lacey gown, with porcelain hands, slender fingers, and red-painted fingernails jutting from stuffed pink lacey fabric-covered arms.
“That is beautiful, Megan.”  Mia knew Peggy was Jim’s wife.  The dolls were on a window seat, with Raggedy Ann and Andy dolls and several stuffed dolls in international costumes, in similar sizes.  The divided window that housed the window seat was adorned with pink eyelet-styled curtains, giving the light grey painted walls a pink glow.
A full-size bed with a pink bedspread and shams, graced the center of the room.  And there was a white French Provincial dresser and desk with a matching chair to the right of the entrance to the room. Stuffed animals of all types lined the grey carpeted floor next to a white painted bookcase. No doubt it was a girl’s room.
“Megan, thanks so much for sharing this with me; you have a nice collection here.” Mia smiling at the young girl.
“I knew you would like it.”
They high-fived.
Chapter Fourteen The Nature of the Beast
Mia was quiet on the drive to her apartment.  A couple of things Jack and Penny said were nagging at her, but she did not know how to address them to Jim.
“Boy, I am full.  The meal was great, and your pie, Mia, was excellent.”
“Thanks.  The meal WAS great.  There is something I want to ask you about.”  In for a penny, in for a pound, she thought.
“Oh, what is it.”  He said, half turning to look at her. “Look at that, Mia, it is snowing.”
“Already!”
“It is just a fine snow; it won’t stick.  Sorry so as you were saying?”  Jim had put the heater on as soon as the car had warmed up.
“It was something Penny said that got me thinking about Marty,” she noticed Jim stiffen.  “She said she did not know what her, Marty’s that is, the problem is, and then she added ‘it is tough being a cop’s wife'.  That kind of got to me.”
He relaxed, saying, “I know it is tough being a cop’s wife. It is a shame, but it is the truth, and I did not realize how tough until Peggy and I were married and starting our family.  It’s the nature of the beast, so to speak.  Some cope, and some never can.
Liz told Joe when Joe was thinking of becoming a beat cop, instead of finishing law school, she would not marry him if he did because she knew she would not be able to handle the kind of stress of being a cop's wife.
She wants Joe to go with her father’s law firm, but Joe has other ideas and hasn’t talked it over with her yet, is what he told me.” He shrugged.
“Ah, I see. He should do what he wants as a lawyer or he will never be happy, and I think Liz will be smart enough to realize that.  But what about Marty, I suppose it is none of my business but has anyone approached her to help her or listen to her about her ‘problem’? Usually, when someone acts differently than they usually do, it is a call for help.” She instantly felt uneasy asking him that.
He smiled, saying, “Mia, that is sharp of you to notice that, but Marty is not an easy person to approach.  She is independent and strong-willed.  She always drank socially, that is, but you are right. She is drinking, or she did drink more that day than I remember her doing.  I asked Jeff if she was also taking pain pills, and he said he was not sure.
Don’t think Jeff is not caring, but he too is having coping problems, I think.  He wants out of the marriage.”  His mouth turned down at his last statement.  “Sorry, Mia, I try not to pry because when I do, the kids take it the wrong way.  Either they think I am being critical of them or demeaning them.  So, I let them live their lives and hope for the best.”
“I can understand that.  I am sorry to pry too; I should not have said anything to you about it.”
“No, that is fine, it helps to talk things out because I was feeling guilty about it and did not know why now talking it out with you helped me to…well…not to feel guilty.”  He put his hand on hers for a brief moment.
“Do you want to stop and get a cup of coffee?”
“I don’t think I can fit it in, but I will sit with you if you want.”
“Thanks, Mia.”
“Jim, I talked with Elaine the other day; she was busy with Jerry when I phoned and called me back the next day.  She said Jerry was very weak, and it may be a matter of days.  I meant to tell you that, and I keep forgetting.”
“Yeah, I heard the same thing.  Will you go to the funeral?”
“It depends on when it is.  I can only get time off for funerals if it’s an immediate family.”
It was cold outside, the snow coming down in light ice pellets. Jim helped her with her jacket and carried his into the small twenty-four-hour coffee shop. Mia had a cup of hot tea instead of coffee.  They were seated in a small booth with a view of the parking lot.
“Jim looked over at her; she, noticing his nervousness, asked, “what is wrong, Jim?”
“Nothing, I mean I think you were put out when Jack asked you about your friend Dr. Roberts.” He did not want to say it, but her thoughts are easy to read at times.
Her eyes widened, and she smirked at him.  “Yes, I was going to say something about that because I was guessing you talked about me with your boys.”
“That is true I did, but not about you, per se, about the Pirros and the Ciccerallis, but about your doctor friend Jack and Penny were talking about Helen remarrying a doctor, and that is when I told them he was your friend.”
“I see.  Nothing wrong with that; it just surprised me, that’s all.  Why are you looking into Ciccarelli?
“Because of Veronica and also Justin.  Justin is considered a cold case and is kept open until solved, if ever.”
“Right because it is an unsolved homicide.”
“Yes, that is right. Ya know Mia, I don’t want you to think that the only reason we meet is because I want to interrogate you; I like being with you, but with this incident with your mother aroused the interest in reopening the Pirro case, not Veronica, but Justin.  Although Veronica’s background is being checked also.  Something of interest also came up.”  He left out the part about his asking his sons to get information for him on anyone connected with her family.  “it is a man by the name of Antonio Bonaponte.”
She took a deep breath.  “Mr. Bonaponte was Justin’s benefactor.  I never knew there was such a thing until I came across Justin’s birth certificate.  I was looking through Ronnie’s papers, her deed, and other papers when I found it.
I met him for the first time at our wedding reception.  He was very nice, very handsome and distinguished-looking; his wife was with him, and she seemed a little, how do I describe her, out of it?  Pretty lady, I thought at the time that maybe she did not speak English, but she did.  That’s the only way I can describe her.”
“Justin worked for him in the accounting department?”
“Yes, he did.  Oh, Jim, don’t tell me he stole from that man.” Jim shrugged his shoulders in reply.
“As far as I know, he had sent Justin to college, but instead of using the money for college, he married some woman, it lasted a year or less.  They divorced, and when he came back from wherever he was, Bonaponte gave him a job.  I never knew he was divorced until two weeks before we were to be married when the priest told me I could not get married at the altar.  My mother brushed it off as no big deal.  I tell you, Jim, all the signs were there, but I ignored them.”  She pouted.
“Good Lord, Mia.”
“That’s what I say. We did go to a birthday party at the Bonaponte’s house once, and he showed me a picture of his son, who had passed away.  He was a rookie cop, a beautiful kid, and he was in an off-duty car accident that left him paralyzed.  Let me see there was something else, oh yes, he was engaged, and his fiancé left him after that.  He died from some kind of infection.  They did adopt a young boy, I met him when he was a teenager, and once in a while, he would come to the poker parties at Ronnie’s house after we moved into it.”
He could not bring himself to tell her what he had learned about Veronica and her connection to Bonaponte, so he let it go, maybe another time he told himself.
“I don’t know if that is of any help.  That is all I know.”
“Did Bonaponte ever attend any of those so-called poker parties?”
“Not the ones that Justin hosted.  I made the sandwiches, bought the beer and sodas, and either went to a movie, locked myself in the guest bedroom, and read or watched TV. Jim, it started out on Friday nights, then it went through Saturday afternoon. Then I heard that it went to Sunday mornings, and this was in people’s homes with their young children present.  This was every weekend, at least for Justin it was, at different homes, but it seemed to come around to our place awfully quick.”  She took a deep breath.  “Sorry, Jim, it just aggravates me whenever I think of it.  And it’s something I choose not to think of, if it is okay, with you, I mean....” She paused.
She moved her eyes away from his for a few seconds, then looking at him, she said in a low voice, “Jim, I loathed Justin.”  She took a deep breath.  “It is a terrible thing to say about anyone, but I didn’t think he had a soul; of course I know now he didn’t, but when Jerry asked me to identify his body, I was appalled.  How could anyone have done that to him.” She swallowed. “They broke or crushed every bone in his body, and Jerry said he did not know if they had it all. He was found in an alley.”  She looked down at the tabletop, shaking her head.
This was definitely not the time to go any further with his questions.
Before they parted, the subject had been changed to Megan’s doll collection and Joel, who was teased at being the family handyman.  Jim explained how he took things apart in order to see how they worked and put them back together again. Penny teasing Joel about having to replace every small appliance they owned.
How Luke and Mark were into sports, football, and baseball, for Mark and hockey and baseball for Luke.   And how fast the grandchildren were growing up.
When Jim left Mia at her apartment, there were no future plans made to see each other again.
Henry was waiting for Mia at the top of the stairs, communicating with his guttural sounds. Mia patted him on the head.  “No, he is not coming in; I guess I did not pass ‘The Meet the Family test,’ Henry.”  She unlocked the door, turned on the porch light went out to the deck, and after Henry gave her his paw, she gave him his treat.
Chapter Fifteen The Pirro File
Their time together was ended on a happy note, Jim thought, talking about his grandchildren, comparing the difference it was in his attitude with them to his own children as they are growing up.
He wanted to make other plans with Mia but did not know when he would be free to meet with her again and regretted not mentioning that to her.
He had asked Sergeant Beck to find everything he could on the Pirros and Bonapontes.  He had discussed that with Jeff also about getting whatever files there were on these people because Jeff was in a precinct close to Syracuse in the same county.  Jeff obtained permission from his captain and was able to get the files from the Syracuse Police Department, who were happy to have someone else help with investigating a cold case.  The IRS had visited the Pirro files also.
The next day Sheriff Red planned on a visit to Richard Bonaponte, adopted son of Antonio and Grace Bonaponte.  He owned a place called Rich’s Automotive on the Southside of Syracuse.  Sheriff Red had a down-home, soft voice approach to those he interrogated; being in a small county and town, he learned it proved to be more productive, ask a question quietly and succinctly and let them respond in their own time and words.
Rich’s Automotive was on a side street at the bottom of a hill, on the outskirts of the city. There were many vehicles of all kinds in a grassy area across from a brick building with a metal roof.  Trucks and cars were also parked on either side of a gravel driveway.
When Red drove up in his sheriff’s vehicle, a young man in his late twenties with blond hair, a long torso not in proportion with his upper and lower limbs giving him a shorter appearance than he actually was, met him at the entrance to the shop.  He wore a bright smile showing long, straight white teeth. Wiping his hands on a rag, he greeted the sheriff.
“Sheriff Red heard so much about you; you are a legend around here, ya’ know.”  He extended his hand to the Sheriff.  “I’m Rich Bonaponte.”  He said, putting the rag in the back pocket of his Jeans, with his other hand. He wore an untucked Western-style white shirt with blue stripes.  Country Western music could be heard coming from the two-bay garage.
Sheriff Red shook his hand, “nice to meet you Rich, is there somewhere we can talk?” It was the first time Red had heard he was a legend.
“Yeah, come into my office; it isn’t much, but c’mon along.”
It was a cramped room, with car batteries on one side with dust-covered boxes alongside them. There was a captain’s chair across from a metal desk, and next to it, a metal chair housed three large volume car part books on its seat.  Rich sat across from him on a black vinyl desk chair behind his desk, Red gingerly easing himself into the captain’s chair. There was a small heater on the floor in one corner of the room, giving it a comfortable warmth.  The view from the window was of the garage’s driveway and the large parking lot across from it.
Still smiling, Rich said, “You want to talk to me about Justin Pirro?” He leaned his arms on the desk, his body forward.
“I do and also your adopted parents if you do not have any objections to it.”
“No, I don’t, of course not.  I don’t know how I can help you with your investigation, but I will do my best.”
“How old were you when you were adopted?”
Rich leaned back in the chair, “three, I don’t remember anything before that age.  And the reason I know my age is because Mom told me.” His friendly smile returning.
“You knew Mia Giantelli after she married Justin, right?”
“Right, nice lady.  She brings her truck to be serviced here every now and then.”
“She does?” Red smiled.
“Yeah, and the Jeep too. As a matter of fact, I fixed the Jeep up for her after she bought it.  It was used, excuse me, pre-owned.” He said with a grin.
“How did you get into this business?”
“Strange, isn’t it.  I have a knack it seems, and although I love Dad, I could not be cooped up in an office building all day.  My Dad understood.  My wife’s father owned this place, and I worked for him after school, summers, and once out of college… well, here I am.  He and his new wife are in Florida this year.  Who knows where they will be next year?”
“Sorry to digress, but it looks like you have quite a business here.”
“I do, thanks, two of my wife’s cousins work with me.  I run the business, and of course, help diagnose the vehicles when they come in.”
“So, about Justin?”  Red shifted himself in the snug seat, listening to Rich's narrative.
“At first, I admired him. I really did; he was so handsome and street smart if you know what I mean. But after he moved with Mia into his mother’s house, he seemed to change.  Subtle at first, but -well-he became almost paranoid.  I went to a couple of his poker parties,” he shook his head, “too high a dollar for me, so I just hung out and only played until I started to lose. When Mia was there, I would visit with her.  She is fun to be with.
The day she left him was one of the times I attended his parties, and I saw her go out their back door. She looked very pale and very thin.  She had a suitcase with her, and when I told Justin, he shrugged it off, saying she had nowhere to go and she would be back.
It was in the morning or late morning, and the poker party was starting, so he went to his guests, and that was that.  But she never came back.  When Mia left him and did not come back, his attitude got worse.  Like, I mean, he was more aggressive and combative.  Do you know what happened to him, I mean, the way he was killed?”
Red nodded.  “What did your father think when Mia left?”
“He was puzzled, and I think he tried to talk with Justin, but it was no use; my mother was more upset than my father.”
“Were she and Mia close?”
“No, no, nothing like that; when their son Tony was paralyzed, Mia took care of him while he was in the hospital after the accident.  Tony adored Mia, but she was in training at that time and was sent to another department, and that was the last contact he had with her.  I don’t think from what my mother told me that Mia knew what affection Tony had for her.   When she came with Justin to my Dad’s birthday party one time, he showed her a picture of their son.  He did not tell her she took care of him, and it was obvious she did not recognize or remember him, so he did not pursue it.  He is like that; he is very caring and a good man.”
“I see.”
One of the mechanics knocked on the door, and Rich excused himself to talk with him. “Yeah, go ahead and change it out; I already cleared it with him, yeah, good, good.”
Sitting back behind the desk, Rich explained, “I kind of thought that was the problem with this guy’s car, but I wanted to put it on the computer to verify it, and I already talked to the guy about fixing it if that was the problem.  So where were we.  Oh yeah.  I was kind of surprised at my mother’s reaction at Mia’s leaving him.  My mother is a caring woman, but she is strong-willed and sometimes intolerant of other peoples’ faults.”  He shrugged, smiling.
“My mother was devastated when Tony died.  Still is. My father took it hard too, but he is coping a little better.  They are two different people, no doubt, but they are happy together, and I owe them my life and my happiness.
They found out Justin was taking money out of the business.  My father denied him a loan, after giving him several loans in the past, so I guess Justin figured he could take out the money and pay it back with his gambling money.  Unfortunately, it did not work out that way for him.”
“How did your parents react to that?”
“My father was very disappointed; my mother was livid.”
“Did your father approach him about it?”
“He did, my mother insisted.”  He put his head down, then shaking it and looking at him, said, “but when Justin ran over that little girl, who happened to be my mother’s Godchild, well…my mother, I don’t know how to describe it, she called him the devil in Italian, and every other vile word in Italian she could think of.  It was an accident, but it was Justin’s reaction to it that made it worse.
It was tragic enough, but he…I don’t know what his problem was; this was after Mia left him.” He said, scratching his head.  “He did not know he was dragging her under his car he probably did not even know he hit her, she was riding her tricycle, and she must of got behind his car just as he was backing out of the driveway.” There was a knock on his office door, “just a minute sheriff.”
Rich went into the garage and was gone a short time.  “They just had a question about something, Sheriff.”
“That is quite all right.”
“Where was I? Oh yeah, the guys at the poker party.”
“When was this Rich?”
“Oh, sorry, it was on a couple of years ago on a Sunday morning in March around eight in the morning or so, the kids were outside, I guess the poker game lasted until early morning; that’s what I never could understand.  If you’re losing, get out, ya’ know, anyway, he was losing, and we found out later they asked him to leave, so he was probably pissed already. The people there were trying to get him to stop his car because the girl was stuck under it, and he was dragging her tangled up in the tricycle.  When he finally stopped, he gave them the finger, cursed at them, what is the kid doing out riding a bike at this hour and on and on.” He said, looking at Red, pursing his lips. “Then when the ambulance and the police came, he left, even knowing the kid died.”
“Did the police not talk with him?”
“Yeah, they did. And I heard all this from my parents, especially my mother. He never went to see the parents of the little girl, never showed any remorse or anything like that. I tell you, it was hell around our place for a while.  My father laid him off, not firing him, so Justin could get unemployment insurance money.   My father told Justin he was not welcome anywhere near our family. It really was hard for my father to do that.  And not long after that, I am not sure when is when he was killed.  Terrible thing.”
“Yes, I saw the Medical Examiner’s report. How did your mother and father react to the brutality of his death?”
“My father was horrified, my mother not so much.  But she did her best to comfort my father.  He was Justin’s benefactor.  And I don’t know the story behind that, and I never asked, but conversations I overheard with them was...let me think something like you are not responsible for him, you are too good.  To my mother, my father is the ‘salt of the Earth.’” He sat back, grinning.
Chapter Sixteen A Revelation
Sheriff Red left Rich’s Automotive shop, driving to the Irish Italian restaurant with the deli in the back that Mia and Ella had visited.  He was going to meet Jeff and his female partner for lunch.
They were seated in a small booth on the bar side of the restaurant.  Jeff’s partner, Max, for Maxine, was seated next to Jeff.  They were in civilian clothes.  Red greeted them with a handshake and a nod.  Max was a pretty woman with short blondish hair, and dimpled cheeks, giving her a soft look. Large boned but well-proportioned for her height.  Her gender was not hidden by the white vee neck sweater she wore over black slacks.  Red had met her before and knew she was divorced and had two boys.
Sliding into the booth across from them, he informed them he had visited Rich’s place.  “He seems like a nice man.  Unassuming type.  He is grateful for his adopted parents and gave me a pretty good idea of his parent's personalities.  What did you two think of him?”  The waiter came with their sandwiches; Red had told Jeff what to order for him.  Jeff and Max had beer, Red ordered a coffee.
“About the same,” Jeff said, then taking a bite of his sandwich.  “Damn this is good.  How is your meatball sandwich, Dad?”
Red nodded, rolling his eyes in delight, his cheeks bulging after taking too large a bite.
Max replying in her girlish voice, “both his adopted parents are from New York City, but met in Syracuse during their high school years; she is from Italy originally, and as the saying goes, wears the pants in the family.”
“I gathered as much from the way Rich talked about her.”  Red chuckled, “it happens.”
“Are you going to talk to the Bonapontes?”
“Yeah, but I would like to talk with them separately.”
“Good luck.”  Said Max.
“Oh?”
“She would not talk to me unless her husband was present, and then she barely spoke but just had a defiant look.  Can’t explain her; at times, I thought maybe she did not understand what was being said.”
“How do you mean?”
“It was like she did not understand English well.”
Red remembered that’s what Mia had said.  “Could be, but she was educated here in the states, right?”
They both nodded at him.
The high school, the Bonapontes, attended was not far from the restaurant. He decided he would go to the school library and look at the school yearbook when they attended the school. The librarian was accommodating.  He sat at a student desk in the corner of the room, going through the yearbook.  They both graduated high school in the same year, Antonio with a broad smile on his handsome face, with the words, ‘most likely to succeed’, written under the picture. Grace had a serious look on her pretty face, with no caption under her picture.
Red leafed through the book, saw a few pictures with Bonaponte, but none other of his wife. He asked to look at their transcripts, and the librarian retrieved them from the intranet for him. Advising him that by the year two thousand, 'we will be advancing into the digital age, as she described it. Red smiled at her explaining,' that’s what he’s been hearing,' answering, “good, we have time to prepare.” The Librarian answered him with a smile.
Antonio Bonaponte was an A student, and so was his wife. ‘umm,’ he thought, wondering if maybe one or the other was helping with assignments and could only guess it might be Bonaponte and not his wife.  She may not have ever grasped the English language.
Red decided to approach the husband first. Bonaponte’s office was down an alley off the main street where he found what used to be the glove factory, still owned by Bonaponte, who renovated it into rental office spaces.  The imprint of Glove Factory faintly visible over the front door.
Outside it was a red brick façade.  Inside rooms were divided around the perimeter of the building in a semi-circle. There was a large area in the middle of the semi-circle with glass cases displaying what looked too Red like every type of glove ever made, with a history on each.  A glove museum.  How quaint, Red thought.
Bonaponte saw him from his glassed-in office and motioned to him to come in, wearing a broad smile.  “You are right on time Sheriff, that is commendable.”  He wore a white shirt with a red patterned tie, suit pants, the suit jacket draped over his desk chair. He was distinguished-looking, thin, and about the same height as Red.   It was a cheery office, much like the person in it.
“Sit, sit, Sheriff, please.”  He pointed to the chair in front of his Mahogany desk.  Bonaponte stacked some papers to the side, clearing the area in front of him.
“So, my friend, how can I help you?”  He asked, smiling.
“I mentioned when we talked on the phone about Justin Pirro and his mother Veronica, but I really am just interested in Justin for now.”
Bonaponte gazed out the divided light window that was almost the width of the wall it was in, his smile disappearing.  Red noticed a faded scar by his right ear.  “Yes, that was a horrible thing to happen to him.  He was like a son to me.  Veronica was never able to take care of herself, let alone a son, so I became his benefactor.”
“I know, or I should say I think I know why you helped her.”
“Yes, I felt responsible.  It was a long time ago, and as they say, time heals all wounds, but I still have scars to remind me.  It was a gang initiation, and when I would not participate, the penalty was a beating.  One in which I almost died.  My father sent me here afterward and I assumed a new name and a new life; I stayed with friends of my father’s.  I was sixteen.
Veronica was visiting her cousins, one, which happened to later turn out to be my wife, Grace.”  He sat back in his desk chair, “I did not know them at that time.  Not until I came here, to Syracuse.  Grace and her family came to Syracuse when her father left the city to find work at the steel mill.
Veronica, Ronnie we called her, went to the corner drug store when she was in New York City visiting her relatives.  She went there to pick up a prescription for one of the cousins, and,” his voice grew hoarse.  “What do they say, ‘rue the day, well, it was, worse than horrifying.  I did not know what I was getting myself into just following the crowd.  When I realized it was a gang rape, well…I could not participate; I don’t know if I can ever atone for it.”  He said, looking with saddened eyes at the sheriff.
“From the description of the beating and what you did for the Pirros and your adopted son, I would say you have more than atoned for that horrific day.”
Bonaponte bowed his head, taking a deep breath.
“Did your wife know of this?”
“Yes, she knew, she did not know me, but she knew some of the boys in the gang.  She, well- she knows the whole story.”
“What did she think of it?”
“Sheriff, she has never forgotten what they did to Ronnie.  Justin was the result of the rape.”
“What was Ronnie like?”
“She was gorgeous; that whole family are eye-poppers,” he smiled.  “Especially the women.”  He raised his eyes to the ceiling for emphasis.  “My Grace was and is a beautiful woman.  As for Ronnie, she was always a shy, sweet person, she was a little simple, but I don’t know if it was the rape that made her that way or if…ya’ know, it was the way she always was.”
Red smiled at him, “you are a lucky man to have a beautiful and devoted wife, Antonio.  But let me ask you, If you were that young, is that when you put your name down as benefactor after the baby was born?”
“Yes.  It was a hard decision, but I asked the people I lived with, and they advised me, along with my father.  My father financed Ronnie until I was able to on my own.”  He licked his lips.
“Thank you, Antonio; I appreciate your seeing me.”  Red rose, reaching his hand out to the man across the desk from him.
“Sheriff, anytime, I appreciate all that law enforcement does, I don’t know how you do it, but I am grateful to you.”  Antonio Bonaponte held the door for Red.
Red pausing at the door, “one thing, what did you think of Mia, Justin’s ex?”
“Ah, a nice girl.  Me and Grace only saw her a couple of times. She seemed to be always working or taking classes when they were first married, and after…well, with Justin’s gambling, we never saw her that much.  Of course, I saw Justin every day during the week.  I did lose touch with them socially, that is, especially after his mother died.”
“I see; thank you, you have been very helpful.”  Red did not learn much about Justin from Bonaponte but had gotten needed information about his relationship to Veronica Pirro.
Red thought he was sincere, probably like Rich had said, ‘a good man’, there were a few good guys out there, Red did know a few.
After speaking with Rich and Antonio, he parked the county car on the side of a road and jotted down parts of the conversations he had with each in his own form of shorthand. He was especially attuned to the comments made by each about Mrs. Bonaponte.  With Grace Bonaponte, he decided to use his pocket tape recorder.
He did not ask Bonaponte if his wife would talk with him or if she were home, but she was his next target.
As luck would have it, Grace Bonaponte was taking in some packages from her car as Sheriff Red parked in the street in front of their house.  It was an upscale neighborhood in Syracuse.  The house is similar to his but bigger.  “Mrs. Bonaponte, let me help you with those.”  He said, meeting her as she was going into her car for another package.  Nodding to her and taking the package from her, he said, “I am Sheriff Malone, Mrs. Bonaponte.  I was just talking to your son Rich and your husband about Veronica Pirro and wondered if you might.....”
“Ah, Sheriff.  Why do you want to know about Veronica?”  She asked while walking up the front steps and holding the door open for him.  Red nodding for her to go ahead of him as he held the door with his free hand.
“Here, Sheriff put the package there with the others.”  She said, pointing to the dining room table. “Thank you.”
“I need to wrap up a cold case, and her name was mentioned, and I know she was a relative of yours, so I thought you would be the best person to ask about her.”  He was ad-libbing it, thinking at least he got in the door.
It was like going back in time.  The furniture was antiques, probably originals.  Passing through the dining room, there were Tiffany lamps hanging over the dining room table and a crocheted tablecloth once white, now slightly yellowed.
She led the Sheriff into the living room, first asking him if he wanted coffee, he politely refused.  Her husky voice had a slight accent; her mannerisms toward him coy in a sensual way as though flirting with him.  Her mannerisms took him aback, not expecting that reaction from her by the way she had been described to him.  He expected a more austere, uncooperative response.
She was beautiful like one of those movie stars one sees in an old Boris Karloff or Bela Lugosi movie.  A little mystery, maybe a little risqué.
The living room sofa was upholstered with a subtle flower design.  He sat in a beige leather recliner with a hassock in front of it while she sat across from him on the sofa.   No furniture in the room matched; it was more like an antique store.
She was dressed in a mauve pantsuit, black velvet slippers on her slender feet.  Her gray, almost white hair cut short.  She sat on the sofa, back straight, legs crossed at the ankles, a lady-like pose.
He sat up straight in the chair, not leaning back, saying, “Mrs. Bonaponte, I value your time, and I want to ask you if it would be alright with you if I used a tape recorder while we conversed. She watched him turn the tape recorder on.  I ask this because I want to make sure I understand all that you tell me.  Your answers to my questions are most important to me.”  His charm worked.
“Yes, of course.”  She gave him a girlish grin, her dark brown eyes looking into his.
He wanted to unnerve her with his first question.  “How did you react when you found out that Justin Pirro had killed your Godchild?”
She said something in Italian, then with a darkened stare, “he was spawned from the devil.  I curse the day he was ever born.  I told Veronica to get rid of him before he was born. She said she couldn’t do it.”  She spoke a few more words in Italian.  “I could have, I tell you.” She did not move a muscle, her mood instantly changing, glaring at a very uneasy Red.
“Was he a good son to her?”
She leaned forward, “Satan’s son.”
“How did you feel when he was killed in such a horrible way.”
She raised her eyebrows, a faint smile on her face.  “Why should he have lived when my son, my beautiful good son, died.  Justin was in the car with him that day of the accident. Nothing, not a scratch on Justin.  Not a scratch.”  She emphasized.
“Who was driving the car, Mrs. Bonaponte?”
“My son.”
“I see, about Justin's death. Do you have any idea who would torture him and kill him like that?”
She looked at Red, tensing her body.  “My son was paralyzed while that devil had not a scratch, and then he dragged a sweet, beautiful girl, my Godchild, under his car, and he did not know?”  She asked with an accusatory tone. “How could he not know there was something under his car?  She was mangled, every bone in her small, beautiful body broken.”  She sighed, relaxing her stiff posture, adding, “I…I paid them to do it to him.  They are gone away now, so no one will ever know.”  She answered, waving her arms in the air.
Red leaned forward in the chair, widening his eyes in disbelief, “Mrs. Bonaponte, do you know what you just said?’
“I know,” she was moving her head back and forth.
“I don’t care no one can touch me; Antonio will protect me.”  She spoke slowly and deliberately, “I paid some punk kids to kill him.”  She smiled, clapping her hands, and rose. “So, you can’t tell anyone right because I have to have a lawyer present.
Red rose also, “would you sign a statement to what you just said?”
“I sign nothing without my husband or my lawyer.”  Then her coquettish mood returned, and smiling at him, asked, “are you sure you don’t want a cup of coffee?”
Red was more unnerved than she, “no, thank you, Mrs. Bonaponte, and thank you for your time.  You have been very helpful.”
“I think you are a nice man.  Maybe I will see you again soon, then.  I will talk to Antonio about having you and your wife to dinner sometime.”
“That is nice of you, Mrs. Bonaponte. I will see myself out; you have been very gracious.”  He stood walking toward the front door.
“Thank you, I like you too,” she said, coming close to him attempting to kiss him on the cheek.
Once in the squad car he called the Syracuse police chief, he was put through and told the chief what had just transpired.  “May I suggest you put a car out here to watch the house? I will wait for them and be right over once they get here.”
“Good idea,” the chief said, “I will get an unmarked car out there now.  Thanks, Red.”
Sheriff Red drove the car to the end of the street to wait.  It was unbelievable to him what had just happened, but from what he learned from the file, the Bonapontes was never suspected.  Antonio was asked about his relationship with Justin and Veronica, and apparently, Antonio's response seemed to satisfy the Detectives at the time.
A short time later, a car pulled up next to his, gave him a wave, and parked in front of him.  He left, making his way to the Syracuse Police Department.
Chapter Seventeen Mia’s Reaction
“Good work Sheriff, how the heck did you do that?”  Police Chief Donatelli asked.  “Amazing, what made you suspect her, or did you?”
“Not really, Pete, but after listening to what her adopted son said about her, I thought it might be a good idea to at least check her out.”  He lifted his hat to scratch his head.
“Well, it is up to her lawyers now, and the D.A.  We were able to get an arrest warrant as soon as the judge heard the tape.  She must have called her husband because my men called in to tell me her husband arrived a few minutes ago.”
“Glad to help, but I am still in shock, I think, she just said it like it was perfectly alright, and no one can touch her about it like it was self-defense, but, without a doubt, revenge.”
“I will be surprised if she is cooperative, but we will see what we will see.”  He put his hand out to Red.  Thanks, Red, that was such a horrific death; I am glad we can put it to rest.  Jerry was a mess.  The kid’s wife or ex collapsed when Jerry had her identify the body.  They crushed or broke every bone in his body, Red.  We found him in an alley, and from what the ME said, pretty sure not all his body was in the alley with him. Do you know the wife or ex I should say?”
“Yes, she is one of the reasons I was curious about it, although she is passed caring. I did it for Jerry too, you are right. He was a mess about it.  And I hope I can tell him the case is solved before he dies.”
“Yeah, I heard it’s only a matter of time for him.”
Sheriff Red left the police station as they were bringing the Bonapontes up the staircase to the building.  Antonio, visibly shaken, Grace handcuffed, walking defiantly between two police officers.
It gave Red a queasy feeling in his stomach, 'one strange lady', he said to himself.
It was close to three o’clock, and after Red checked in with Beck, he drove up the hill to the community college.  One of the most beautiful natural landscapes of the area, with its rolling hills and apple orchards in the distance.
Mia was talking with a student by her office door when he entered the building. “He heard her say, “don’t worry, LeRoy, bring in your assignment when you get back from your grandmother’s funeral.”  The student thanked her and turned around the corner of the hallway out of sight.
“Red, what are you doing here?”  She noticed his grave expression, thinking he had sad news about Jerry.
“Do you have time to talk with me?”  He noticed she called him Red whenever he was in his official capacity.
“Sure, I am wrapping things up for the day; come on in.”  She held the door to her office open for him.  “Is this about Jerry?”  When he shook his head, she said, “just a minute, Red, I have to sign out.”  When she closed the lid on the computer, she said, “you look so grim, is everything all right?”
“Yes, as a matter of fact, it is.  I have a lot to tell you, Mia; it is about your ex.”
“Did they find out who killed him?”
“Yes.  And it will surprise you; it did me.”  He explained to her what led him to the investigation, “I asked the Syracuse Police Department if I could get their files on Veronica and Justin Pirro.  They were happy to have someone else look the case over for them.   I did not even know what I was looking for, but there were questions, or maybe just red flags that kept popping up in my mind.  I never told you why Bonaponte became a benefactor to Justin, and when I found out, more red flags came up.  Jerry was very upset when he could not close this case; it nagged at him. When we talked, he asked me if I ever found the time if I would look into it, and I said I would try.  After I talked with you about your mother, well…I decided to make time.
Jeff and I discussed it, and he, along with Sergeant Beck and his team, secured their files.  The Bonapontes were never suspected, although Antonio was questioned by the police.  They thought he was clean, no reason to suspect him; he cried talking about Justin and told the investigators he was like a son to him.  He left some points out of how Justin stole from the business and that the child Justin ran over was his wife’s Godchild.  That was never even mentioned when they investigated Bonaponte.
It was hard to know, from what the investigators said, whether it was a mob hit to look like a gang or a gang hit to look like the mob.  But all agreed it was too sloppy for a mob hit.  And besides, there are no organized crime types known in this area.
The worse crimes they have are infrequent and usually are union disagreements that sometimes turn to violence, but even that is, now, not that much of a problem anymore.
So, I started with Rich Bonaponte.”  She sat across from him, without expression, swallowing now and again, listening intently.  That was what impressed Red about her the first time they met; she listened.  He continued to explain to her all that transpired between him and the Bonapontes that day.
“Mia, I am sorry about all this. I know it is hard for you to have to listen and know that you were not aware of any of it.  But I felt you should know.  And…
“Yes, I think it is beyond appalling.  And where was my mind all this time?  Oh, Jim, I just don’t know what to say to you, I mean. I mean, someone in my family must have known about all this, at least the part about poor Ronnie; I doubt that would have been a secret.  I guess I was too young to know about her, and what would be the point of it when I was younger.  But still.  I married the guy; how could they have kept that from me.  Did they really think I was that stupid, and Ronnie, she should have told me? Oh, I don’t know what I am saying.  This is awful.”  Her expression was one of sadness.
He reached over and put his hand on hers.  She bowed her head, taking her hand away to wipe the tears starting to fall.  “Sorry, Jim.”  She sighed deeply.
“Grace is in custody?”
“Yes, she is.”  He felt helpless, watching her trying to control her emotions.
“I do not remember caring for their son; I must have been on the rotation of different departments during my nursing training.  It is hard to recall knowing him.”
“Yes, that is what I thought, but it meant something to them.”
They sat there looking at one another when Sheriff Red’s cell phone rang.  He rose, turning his back to her as he answered the phone.  He turned to her saying, “it is about Jerry, it was the police chief, Donatelli, this is going to sound strange, but he phoned Elaine to tell her they closed Justin’s case, and after he hung up, a few minutes ago she called back to say Jerry died right after she gave him his message.”
She could not hold back any longer; the sobs shook her body.
He took a tissue from the tissue box on the filing cabinet, went around the desk, gently lifting her out of the chair, holding her tight.  After a few minutes, she seemed less tense and, looking up at him, said, “I’m getting your shirt all wet.”
He laughed, saying, “it needed to be washed anyway.”  Mia smiled, wiping her face with the tissue he handed her.
Before they parted, Sheriff Red told Mia he would get back with her about the funeral arrangements.  Outside her office, a small crowd of staff were standing on the other side of the hallway, watching him, looking pensive.  “A mutual friend of ours just died.” He said. They nodded, some giving their condolences.
Mia waited to compose herself before leaving the college.  She was trying to sort out in her mind all that Sheriff Red had related to her, about Justin and Veronica and the Bonapontes.
Her mother never allowed her to spend a summer at their home after her father died.  Most summers she remembered were spent with her Dad, while he remodeled in locations away from their community.  Then her mother had sent her to her sister and brother-in-law's while they were in Daytona Beach, Florida, and then Clear Lake, Texas.  It was fine with Mia; she enjoyed being with her aunt and uncle and thought nothing of it.
As soon as she turned sixteen, her mother said she would have to work during summer break. The Tanners hired her on to help with the clerical work after school and during the summer.
She knew her mother was a little different than others but accepted her that way as everyone else did.  They were not close, but Mia came to realize that her mother was indifferent towards her and accepted that too.  Or was it those rose-colored glasses she was accused of wearing once by her stepfather, Carl Ciccarelli?
Just when she thought she had everything figured out with her mother and Justin, something new would give her a jolt of reality. ‘Wake up, Mia.’  She told herself.
Chapter Eighteen Trying to Cope
Mia drove to the funeral home to attend the calling hours for Jerry after her last counseling appointment of the day but was relieved when the funeral was to take place during a weekday when she would be at the college teaching.  Law enforcement funerals were a beautiful display of support for one’s fellow officer, but at the same time, heart-wrenching.
Mia had to park three blocks away from the funeral home, walking along the sidewalks of a residential area, carrying an umbrella as there was an on and off cold drizzle.
She knelt in front of the coffin, saying her goodbyes to her old friend, who, once a robust and rugged man was dwindled down to a mere shadow of what he had been in life.  The body in the coffin and the scent of the flower arrangements in stands around it emitted to Mia the realization of one’s mortality.  She stood, walking to the long line in front of the family, waiting to give her condolences.
She pitied Elaine when she saw the strain it had taken on her to care for Jerry until his death. Although Mia thought Elaine was handling the stress stoically, admiring her for it.  Probably something she learned through years of being a policeman’s wife, remembering what Penny said, ‘it is tough to be a cop’s wife.’
She did not see Jim there. There were a few police officers she recognized, but as soon as she gave her condolences to the family, she left the funeral home.
The weather fit her mood as she drove home to her apartment, her movements automatic, as she threw her purse and briefcase onto the kitchen countertop; and going back on the deck to give Henry his treat while he patiently waited for her.
Mia watched Henry descend the steps to get to his dog bed, on the closed-in porch of his owners’ home, by way of a doggie door; solemnly closing the door behind her, grabbing her purse and briefcase, and placing it on the desk behind the sofa before plopping down on it.
The red light on the answering machine was flashing.  She took a deep breath, then pressed the message button.  There were three calls, two hang-ups, and one from Sheriff Red. “Mia, I guess you did not see me at the funeral home, and I could not get to you before you left there, when you get this, please call me.”
Mia was not sure she was capable of any sensible conversation on her part unless there was some other terrible message he needed to deliver.  She stood up and went into the bathroom to wash her face and hands.  She went to the kitchen and made a ham sandwich and a fresh cup of coffee.  Before she could take the first bite of the sandwich, she burst out crying.
The phone rang, she let it go to the answering machine.  Red said he was outside could he come up to the apartment.
Damn it, she said to herself, leave me alone.  She phoned him back, her voice hoarse, barely a whisper.  “Jim, I can’t talk right now; I am not very good company; can it wait?”  She asked, irritation in her voice.
“I was worried about you, by the look on your face… I…can I come up?”  He pleaded.
She held the phone away from her, sighing in resignation, then asking, “are you hungry, I just made myself a sandwich and a cup of coffee. Would you like a ham sandwich, I don’t have any beer, is coffee, okay?”  She cleared her throat, get a grip, girl, she said to herself.
“That would be great.”  He sounded relieved, “I will be right up.”
His sandwich and coffee were waiting for him on the opposite side of the kitchen table where Mia was sitting.  “C’mon in, Jim, I have to warn you I am not very good company right now.  I keep crying.  It will pass, but it is the way I am.”
“That is okay, Mia; thanks for the sandwich it looks great.”  The tip of her nose was red, like one of Megan's dolls, he assumed from crying.  Sitting at the place she had set for him, he said, “the weather is miserable, doesn’t make for a good mood even under normal circumstances.”
Mia nodding.  “I am sorry, Jim, I just… it’s that it brings back memories, not only of Jerry but my father.  I think I am okay with his passing, but….”  She started choking up and stopped talking.
“I know Mia. This is a tough time.  Say when we finish here, how about telling me how you saved Jerry’s life.” He smiled at her, hoping to change her mood. It was hard to see her so sad.
He must have said the right thing because she laughed and said, you want my version of it?”
Once they were settled on the sofa in the living room, their second cup of coffee on the coffee table in front of them, Mia related her story. They were sitting closer together than on previous visits, he, letting her sit down first and sitting next to her, a small space between them.
“Jerry and I were at a retirement party for a police officer who worked in his precinct, but also moonlighted at the hospital where I worked, as a security guard is how I knew him and why I was invited to the party.  He was a great guy.  Happy, always with a smile and a funny story to tell, whenever anyone had time to listen.  For some reason, Elaine was not able to come to the party, so I sat with Jerry and few other police people and their spouses.  Jerry and I were parked in the same parking lot, across the street from the restaurant, so when it was time to leave, Jerry and I left together.  There were police, most in civvies in the restaurant, some outside of the restaurant, and some had already left, so the parking lot was partially empty.
I had new high heels on, and a good thing I was wearing slacks; I saw an image of someone approaching just as I slipped on the pavement; I grabbed Jerry by his coat collar and pulled him down with me as the young man I saw shot in our direction.  The next thing I know, I hear glass breaking, car alarms going off, Jerry kneeling next to me with his gun out, the young man crying on the pavement, and police all over him.
My version, I thought I grabbed Jerry because I was falling, their version, I saw the young man with the gun pulled Jerry down, just as he shot at us, missing us, and so I saved Jerry's life.  I could not convince them otherwise.”  She gave him a side look shaking her head. “The precinct gave me a medal.”  She laughed.  “One with a beautiful blue ribbon.”
“Well, I think I have to agree with what the police witnessed.”  He said softly and patting her hand. “I know you won’t be able to make Jerry’s funeral, I am a pallbearer, but even if I wasn’t, I was going to attend his funeral.  These law enforcement funerals are not only gut-wrenching, but heartbreaking as well.”
“I agree.  I plan on visiting with Elaine sometime after the funeral.”
He nodded his head.
“Do you have plans for the weekend?”
“Yes, Ella is performing on the piano, for her class, at an all-county concert, so I will be going to it Saturday afternoon.  I went to a couple when I worked at the school not far from there, and it is amazing to see those young people perform with those their own age but strangers to each other.  Their music coaches are tremendous.  It is…well, talk about heartwarming. It is terrific, and delightful.  John will be there too, and I would imagine Helen, but Ella was not definite on that.  By the way, Jim, do you know Helen?”
“I do, she is a little younger than me.  It is a small-town Mia; everyone knows everyone, just about.”  The expression on his face gave her a hint that was all he was going to say about her.
Mia nodded.
“Do you think we could get together for lunch or dinner on Sunday?”
“Yes, sure, where?”  She did not mean to agree so readily; it just seemed the natural thing to do.
“How about a nice restaurant?”  He asked, grinning.
Chapter Nineteen At the Concert
The all-county concert was in a brand-new high school in a farm community north of the city. One of the rival schools of the one where Mia had taught.  She was familiar with the area and knew some of the students as well.
The students and faculty-guided the audience around to a very large auditorium, handing out the concert schedules as the guests walked by.
John was there with Helen, which pleased Mia.  They were in a different seating section from Mia, Mia standing in front of her seat so she could signal them before they sat down.  When John saw her waving and smiling at him, he smiled, waving back.  He motioned to Helen, pointing in Mia’s direction, but Helen, already seated, pulled him down in the seat next to hers.
Before the two were married and the first time Mia met Helen, Helen looked her up and down, then addressing John, said, ‘she is a runt.’  John was too stunned to say anything, but Mia replied, ‘I resemble that remark,’ attempting to lighten the situation.  John did not say anything, and Mia trying to divert the conversation was interrupted by Helen, saying they had to get going, and steered John out the door of the café where they had met by chance.
Helen was model height and thin, attractive, but not especially beautiful, with a haughtiness about her bordering on snobbism.  Mia took an instant dislike to her before she even called her a runt.
Mia, at five feet two, did not consider herself short, short.  But to call someone a runt and no eye contact on meeting a friend of your husband to be?  She thought maybe she was not being objective at first, but after thinking it over and Ella’s first cautious impression reaction to Helen saying, ‘there is something about her, Mia, but Dad seems okay with her. For John’s sake, she hoped they were both wrong about Helen.
Ella’s performance was flawless.  Before she left the auditorium, Mia was able to get behind the stage and compliment Ella.  Ella was thrilled to see her.  “Did you see Dad?  He looks so handsome.” Ella saying it as though she had not seen him in months.
Mia said, “I did, and he does look handsome and happy.”
“I have to go now, Mia. Can we get together soon?”
“No problem, whenever you would like after school sometime?”
“I will e-mail you.”  She said and hurried off to join her group.
On the drive home, Mia intended to stop by and see Elaine, but when she phoned her from the high school, Elaine said she had a church group over and maybe they could make it sometime the following week, thanking her for calling and the beautiful flowers Mia had sent.  “Your generous money gift is also very much appreciated too, Mia.  Could you make it for supper sometime next week?”
“Let me know when it is convenient for you, Elaine.”
“I will, thank you, bye for now.”
Mia knew there was a Catholic church nearby; it was the kind one sees in Christmas cards, painted white with a steeple and stained glassed windows adorning the walls of the church, with tall Spruce trees lining both sides of the walkway.  It was usually unlocked as it was today when Mia entered.  It was a small church, simply furnished.  Two long rows of pews, one on each side of the aisle.  A large cross on the wood-paneled wall behind the altar with an iron-wrought stand of candles to the right of the altar.  Mia reflecting the type of church Jesus would approve of.
Mia sat on the left side of the aisle, where the signs of the cross were displayed in between the stained glassed windows along the wall.  She knelt, putting her head in her hands, praying for strength and wisdom, and thanking God for all the blessings given to her.  And as she sat back on the pew, a calmness came over her.
Chapter Twenty Getting to Know Jim’s Family
Mia volunteered on Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Eve at the shelters, giving out meals and or baking pies and cookies to not only the houses she sponsored but the police precinct who had participated, on their own time, in assisting with transporting and supporting the victims of domestic violence.
On Christmas Day, she and Jim were invited to Joe and Liz’s for dinner.
There had been a blizzard-like a storm on Christmas Eve. Jim with part of his staff, the Highway Patrol, and other emergency crews, had to direct traffic along the main highway after a fatal car accident.  So, he had to do his gift giving to the rest of the family Christmas morning, which turned out to be a bright, beautiful, ‘a sparkling day.’ as Mia described it.
It was late afternoon when they arrived at Joe and Liz’s.  Joe greeting them wearing an apron, apparently the designated chef.  Mia thought they were a delightful couple and was happy at the announcement that their marriage date was set for Valentine’s Day.
She was worried about Liz, though, to her, Liz looked unusually pale, almost a blue hue to her skin. Mia hoped it was just the pallor of winter, but it did concern her.  When she was able to talk with Liz alone, she asked her how she felt.
“I am a little tired, but with the bar exam and all, I… well, I guess I overdid it studying so long into the nights and not getting proper rest. Mia, you are so caring; thank you for asking.” Liz said with a sigh.
“Yes, those exams can take the life out of you.”
It was a pleasant, cheery visit with them, and Mia was enjoying getting to know Jim’s family.  She had to remember to call him Red whenever they visited, only slipping on occasion, which raised some eyebrows.
Jeff and Marty had her and Jim over for a lunch one Sunday afternoon. It was not as comfortable being with them as it was with Jack and Penny or Joe and Liz.
Marty’s cast was off, and Jim had informed her that she was back at the title company where she worked.  However, it was never mentioned about their first meeting, at any of the few times Jim’s whole family could get together, so Mia did not see a need to speak of it.  But there was a strained reaction to Mia on Marty’s part.
Marty was a good cook, but even with that, the meal was hard to enjoy.  Jeff in a sullen mood, Marty barking instructions at either Mark or Luke.  Mark and Luke being subdued and incommunicable.  Red attempting to change the boys’ mood, by telling them stories when he was their age.  Mia, not knowing how to respond to it all, smiling and nodding as was appropriate since no one was directing any of their conversation toward her.  It was a relief to leave their home, but to be politically correct, as Red called it, they stayed about an hour after the meal.
“Good golly, Mia, that is not a healthy situation there,”  Red said as he drove down the street toward the highway. “You would think with guests they would at least put on some semblance of decorum.  I am so disappointed.  Neither one of them trying to show, well respect for crying out loud.”  His face was red, and the veins in this neck were visible.
“I know that was uncomfortable, but they are going through a very rough time, to me it doesn’t seem fair to the children either; hopefully, they will figure it out.  Have you talked to them about going to counseling?”
“Jeff won’t listen to anything I say; he always was a hotshot.  And Marty.  It can’t be all her fault, but if you excuse the expression, she’s a bitch.”  He quickly glanced at Mia.
“What about Marty? Have you said anything to her about counseling?”
“Mia, I don’t know how to approach the woman.”
“Yeah, well, I see what you mean.  They probably should separate for a while.  But then what about the boys?  Do you think they are staying together for them?”
“How the hell should I know what they are doing.  And if you are going to say I should be more involved, then… well I ain’t going there.”
“I understand, Jim.”
“Sorry Mia, what do you psychologist call it? I am too emotionally involved.”
“Something like that.”  She paused then added, “the more I think on it, Jim, something must have happened before we arrived for that kind of behavior between, well, all of them.”
“You might be right, now that you mention it, I kind of got that feeling too.”
There was a blizzard on New Year’s Eve, which was totally expected, as it happened every year on December thirty-first.  New Year’s Day was a bright sunny, cold day, with snowdrifts piled high along the roadways and streets of Townsend Place and the rural area where Mia lived.
She walked to the property she had bought; the street had been plowed, making the snowdrift in front of it too high for her to walk on to it.  She stood looking over the snowdrift thinking that hopefully, by next year, this time, she would be inside, a fire going in the fireplace, all cozy and snug.  She also wondered what the next year would bring since the year past had been so eventful.  When the new year came, she wanted to think ahead to the future, not look at the past.  But there were things about this past year she knew she would treasure for the rest of her life.  Jim, like John, kept their relationship as friends, but unlike John, she was falling in love with Jim.  He did not have to say it, although she could tell from some references he made to their age differences, he was reluctant to let their relationship evolve.
She walked slowly back to the apartment, Henry greeting her at the end of the driveway.  Wagging his tail and talking to her in his dog voice. “I went for a walk; I did not see you around Henry, or I would have invited you to come with me.” She smiling down at him petting his head and under his neck.  He seemed content with the attention he was receiving then walked along with her to her apartment.
Mia had given him a large bone from the pet store, and she found it on the top steps.  She picked it up, and he sat in front of her, offering his paw and taking the bone from her settling down on the rug in front of the front door.  Mia smiled at him, “I am going inside Henry it is too cold out here for me.”
Chapter Twenty-One A Birthday Present
January was what Mia called the doldrum month, the students, the faculty, and almost everyone one met, acting as though they just came from a funeral.
Mia tried to get her students into their lessons, giving them an assignment for each to pick a topic pertaining to behavioral psychology and write an essay due by the middle of the month.  When she announced this, a collective moan was heard in the classroom, as well as throughout the county, she told them.  She grinned at them, saying, “it will help with your grade. A LOT.”  She got sneers and more groans, thinking to herself, what a course to study in the dead of winter.  
Ella phoned her to ask if she and John could take her to dinner for her birthday.
“That would be super, Ella.”
“Good, we would like to take you to that steak place by our house, would that be okay? We will come and get you.”
“That is a great place, but I can meet you there.”
“No, Dad insists we come for you.  He says the only evening he will be free is Wednesday next week.  Is that okay with you?”
“Yes, that is fine, around five-thirty or six?”
“Dad said you don’t like to eat late so we can be there by five-thirty.  Thanks, Mia, I am looking forward to seeing you.”
Mia noticed no mention of Helen and did not ask.  “Me too Sweetie, see you then.”
John and Ella were right on time, and on the ride into the city, Ella was entertaining them with her rendition of her adventures by going to different concert venues with her school group.  She was beaming and looked so happy to be with her ‘favorite people’ as she called John and Mia.  Mia smiling while she relayed her stories, and John, too, looked happy to be with his ‘favorite girls.’  Mia felt uneasy with that statement but nodded her head, saying, “well, I guess you can call us the three musketeers.”  They laughed and walked arm and arm into the restaurant.
Once settled at a table and their orders given, John informed Mia that his article about ADD was published, and as a birthday present, he handed her the article with her name as co-author.
“John, you did not have to do that.”
“Yes, I did.  You did all the research and deserved as much credit as I.  And here is your birthday card.”
Mia grinning opening the card reading it out loud to them. Ella smiling as she did so. John watching her with her animated movements and facial expression, realizing how much he missed her.  “Sorry I have been neglecting you, Mia, but being a married man, now and all…well, I have been neglectful.  Hope this makes up for it,” handing her a check for one thousand dollars.
She looked at him with a ‘what is this’ expression on her face, saying, “what is this John, don’t be silly; you wrote the article, not me.”
“It is only fair Mia, you spent a lot of time on it and showed a lot of patience with me.  Don’t give me a hard time; take it and say, ‘thank you.’ “
Mia looked at a smiling Ella, and then at John, tears coming to her eyes; she said, “thank you, John,” reaching over to squeeze his hand.  “Okay, that’s enough of this emotional stuff.”  She sniffled.  “Thank you both for being such true and good friends and making this day special for me.”  She leaned over to Ella, giving her a hug.
They talked about their times together while working on the article, many with Ella present, that were being published by the Pediatrics Journal.  Reluctantly they decided to leave when the wait people came by several times to ask if there was anything else, and they're noticing how busy the restaurant had become.
On the way back to Mia’s apartment, Ella chattered on about one of her girlfriends who had show horses and that her friend would be in the jumping competition at the State Fair this year in the fair’s coliseum.  Ella wondering if Mia would like to go with her when her friend would be competing.  Mia said that would be super. “Dad said if he is not busy, he would like to come with me too.” Ella knowing her father could not commit found comfort in Mia's eager response.
John said he doubted he would have time for any more writing but would like to know what form Mia would recommend.  “You might want to think about putting them in a book as essays.  Lots of scientists use that form, maybe not lots, but some do.  And get it out there for the laypeople, you know what I mean?”
“Exactly, Mia, I will take your advice, and I hope you don’t mind if I consult with you from time to time, that is, if we are not permanently banned from all the libraries in town.”
She cocked her head at him, “you might have a point there, John, but any time if I can help, no problem.”
He smiled.  Ella giggled.  Mia stared out the windshield.
Ella said she would email Mia later in the week and give the schedule for her piano solos at the school since most would be in the evenings.  Mia thinking these concerts are held in the good weather in the afternoons, and in inclement weather, they have them in the evenings; go figure.
Chapter Twenty-Two It Comes in Threes
The class assignment was more than a disappointment to Mia; it was an insult.  Out of twenty students, one was honest, thought out, and acceptable essay.  The other nineteen were copied from one essay paper, apparently one author, but each essay with their individual names printed on it.  To make it even worse, it was plagiarized.  She had received the essays on a Thursday and told them she looked forward to reading them over the weekend and have them graded by Tuesday at class time. Instead, she wanted to burn them.
Monday: Mia conferred with Gertrude Scott, the head of the Social Science department. She was a tall woman, at six feet, wore long dresses or skirts, with always a shawl of some design around her shoulders.  Being in her late sixties, she had told Mia several times, “this gray-haired old lady needs to hand in her ruler one of these days,” her kind blue eyes squinting with her smile.
“Gert, I think you should know about this, but I would like to handle it myself in the classroom. My thinking is I will be firm with them, hold them accountable, and of course, it will be a zero grade, but give them a chance to redeem themselves.  This is a rough time of year for everyone.” She raised her eyebrows and shook her head.
Gert, smiling, answered, “I will let you handle it, Mia. I will document the incident and keep it on file so we have it, and if there are any other complaints with these students from any other department, then I am sure the board will act on it.  I hope there are no other complaints of this kind.  First-year college is tough on some of these kids but thinking they can take advantage of an instructor is not acceptable.  They are adults now, and it is time for them to be accountable for their actions.  You need to keep all the essay papers for your files as well.”
Mia had a weird feeling this was an omen of things to come.
As the students took their seats, Mia stood in front of her desk, holding the papers in her hand.  Most were smiling and greeting her with ‘hi teach’ or hi Miss G.’
Leroy Johnson was the only one with a grade.  An A, even though there were a few corrections Mia had to make on it, it was a masterpiece compared to the others. When everyone was seated, she passed the papers out to each one, not looking at them or saying anything to them.
Standing in front of her A student and placing the paper on the desktop, she praised him, saying, “excellent job, Leroy.”  He looked up at her, a puzzling look on his face, then glanced around the classroom.  Most of the students were either looking at the ceiling, had their heads down or were slumped in their seats.
Leroy was soft-spoken and shy, seeming to focus on the subject and nothing else, attentive to every word she spoke, not mixing with the others, keeping to himself.  Mia thinking if maybe he was not smarter than all of them put together.
Mia stood in front of her desk.  “Can anyone tell me what plagiarism means?” She scanned the room, her eyes falling on each one.
“C’mon, you geniuses out there, someone must know what it means?  I bet you know what cheating means, don’t you?”  Her voice was soft, calm, mocking.
When there was no response, she continued.  “I don’t know who the author is of the essay, but you could be put in jail for what you did.  To take another author’s work and make it your own is PLAGIARISM.  To take a copy of someone else’s work in a classroom is CHEATING. So, by law, you are all complicit in both.”  She sat behind her desk.  “When I call out your name, please come to my desk with the essay paper, and if you have an explanation, I want to hear it; if not, leave the classroom and see Mrs. Scott in her office.”  With that announcement, hands shot up.
Mia ignored the hands, calling out a name. “Please, Miss Giantelli,” one of the students stood by his desk, “we did not realize it was plagiarism, we did cheat, but we were so rushed with all the work we had to do with our other subjects, plus most of us work after school, and all, please forgive us and give us another chance.”
She glared at the speaker, “just like that, you collectively put it upon yourselves to select one person to write this essay for you, and then each one of you not even taking the time to change up the wording, I mean, did any of you even read it?
I am sorry if you needed more time. You should have explained that to me before now.  This is a mandatory subject and a useful one.  No one likes mandatory subjects; you all are anxious to get to the subjects that fit your career choice. All of us who attend college think those subjects are a waste of time; it is a human response and a perfectly normal one.  However, if you read your assignments or took them seriously in this classroom, you might have learned that.  You all owe Leroy an apology for taking up his class time with you, and I am sorry to say corrupt behavior, so no, if you want to stay in this class and get a grade, so you don’t have to take it again, it will be on my terms.”  And she repeated the name.
The next day, Wednesday, as Mia was preparing to leave for the day, Liz and Joe came to her office unexpectedly to talk with her.  “I hope this is convenient for you, Mia, but Liz and I have something we think you could help us with.  Dad said you would probably be able to give us some constructive advice.”
“Sit down, here sit down, Liz, Joe, what is it?”  Their stress was palatable, Liz looking as though she was about to cry, Joe with an anxious look on his face.
“Well, Liz is pregnant, two months, and the oncology doctor says, while studying for the bar exam and staying up late hours to study and not eating correctly may have compromised her immune system may be why the Leukemia returned.  And also, the hormonal changes going on due to the pregnancy may have exacerbated it.  She was feeling tired and looking pale, so we made an appointment with the doctor to check her out, and he found out the Leukemia had returned, and then he guessed she was pregnant and she is, well he says he can treat the Leukemia because it is in its early stage and in all likelihood with good results, but cautions that the baby might not make it and if she does carry it to full term, which he says he doubts she will,”  he paused, it was evident he was trying to get it all out before he broke down.  He covered his face with his hands.  Mia offering them both a tissue.
“May I suggest something to you?  Why don’t you come to my apartment where we can talk more comfortably? Will that be okay? It is about twenty minutes from here, and you can follow me there, is that alright?”  She thought she might cry right along with them.  ‘It comes in threes.  She thought to herself, this must be number two.  Number one being the debacle in her psychology class.
It was a sunny day but bone-chilling.  When they reached Mia’s apartment, she settled them onto the sectional sofa, made coffee, and had chocolate cupcakes to offer them.  Liz declined a cupcake but sat quietly, looking tired and spent.  Joe sat next to Liz, and Mia brought one of the kitchen chairs into the living room to sit so she would have better eye contact with them as she spoke and listened.
Joe ate his cupcake in two gulps and downed the coffee after it.  Liz slowly sipped hers, as did Mia.  When Mia offered him another cup, he said he would get it himself, thanking her.
Once everyone was settled, Mia addressed Liz, “Liz, what kind of support do you have from your parents?”
“You know my parents live apart, not divorced, but apart.  I have not told them about any of this yet.  My father will leave it up to me, and my mother will confuse things by trying to take over the situation. We told Red, and he said it was our decision, maybe we should get a second opinion, and when we told him there was no doubt, he said, maybe we could talk to you about it.”
Joe interrupted, “Dad feels, you will, in his words, ‘level with us.’  Sorry Mia to put you in a rough position, but he said you are good at listening.”
“Yes, so tell me, what do you want to do, and what options did your doctor give you in your situation?”
“The OB doctor said Liz could get, what he called a therapeutic abortion, and the sooner, the better, or we could try and keep the pregnancy as long as we could, and the longer, the better for the viability of the baby, but it is risky, and still a chance that we may lose the baby, or let nature take its’ course and probably have a miscarriage anyway.  He also said once the chemo is started, it will not only be hard on Liz, but it may compromise the fetus, as he called it.”
“Liz, how do you feel about this?  It is your body and your decision to make.  I know that the maternal instinct is to do everything you can to keep the baby, but it is a big risk not only to the baby but to you as well.”
“Why, why is it such a big risk? Having a baby is natural; doesn’t the mother’s body take care of it as it grows in the womb?”
Mia glancing over at Joe; Joe sat as though he were stone, looking defeated.  “Yes, it is the mother that nurtures the fetus while in the womb, but in your situation, with having to go through chemotherapy, those chemicals will also reach the growing fetus, and no one actually knows what the risks maybe.”
“I want my baby.”  Liz sobbing as she spoke, Joe putting his arm around her.
“Even if she does keep the baby and go through chemotherapy, which the oncology doctor said she does not have an option to have chemo if she wants to live to have this baby or any others.”  Joe shook as he spoke.
She spoke slowly, keeping eye contact with Liz, “like I said, it is your decision.  If you decide to have what is called a ‘therapeutic abortion’, which is an easy and simple procedure, now at two months the fetus is not viable out of the womb, it is almost the same as a miscarriage, or in medical terms, ‘spontaneous abortion.’  It means when the body rejects the fetus, sometimes detecting something is not natural or right in the uterus, nature decides for you.
If you decide to keep the baby to term then, of course, it will be viable, but I doubt the OB doc will let you do that.  They will respect whatever your decision is, but I doubt they will let you go to full term.  The baby takes a lot of nutrients from the mother, and it may slow your recovery, Liz, or the baby may absorb too much of the chemicals put into your body for your cancer treatment and have a deformity or, in all likely hood be premature at best.  It is hard to know; that is what they mean by risk.
You are at risk because under these conditions, while the mother’s body is getting ready to provide for the baby, in the womb and out of it, you may not respond well to your treatment, so you are at risk.
The things to consider are those, but if you decide to keep the baby, the longer in the womb, the more viable. At three months, it is not viable outside the womb. At four months, there is a slim chance, but slim. If you can keep it to seven months, there is a good chance for the baby, under normal conditions, and I mean normal. But it will be considered premature and will be in a neonatal ICU until it gains the proper weight and is out of its’ risk zone.  That is what your options are. Not anything I would wish on any parent.
Not only your physical health, but your mental health as well is very important for both of you at this time, and” she paused, adding, “unfortunately we have to be strong in this life of ours, one never knows what challenges we will face.  What is important is a support group; I am sure Red’s family and Red himself will be there for you and give you support; I will be on your side every step of the way no matter what you decide to do.  Because whatever it is it will be right for you two.”  She swallowed.  Both looking at her, tears running down their faces.
They both were in an exhaustive despair.
Mia left her chair to sit next to Liz.  Liz put her head on her shoulder.  “Oh, Mia, I feel so helpless and useless.”
“I know, Liz.  In times like these, our strength is challenged, but ya know, God takes care of his children, and he will help you make the right decision.  Pray to our Mother Mary for guidance, and she will answer you.”  Mia laid her hands on Liz’s. Liz sobbing, Joe holding Liz’s hand, with both of his, Mia's hands underneath.  “Thank you, Mia.  Thank you.’’
Liz nodding in agreement.
When they left Mia’s apartment, she sat down on the sofa, resting her head on the back of it, a hollow feeling in her stomach.  She said a silent prayer, wondering if she said all the right things and if either of them heard or understood any of what she told them.  Thinking of the times, she felt sorry for herself with what had happened to her in the past and now, counting her blessings, wondering if she is worthy of them.
Thursday after class, Mia decided to go to the BBQ place where Becky Lowery worked.  She had checked with Becky about her friends' situation, and Becky assured her all was well, and she had done as Mia had advised, and left her boyfriend.  Mia was satisfied with the explanation and did not inquire any further.
She had skipped lunch to go to a department meeting before going to her classroom.  She ordered a salad and a diet soda and sat at a booth away from the front door.
She did not notice Marty until she came to her booth, standing beside it, asking if she could sit with her.  “Of course, have a seat.”  Marty looking professional in her black suit, a black wool coat around her shoulders, her curly hair in a short Bob cut; she also seemed to have lost some weight since the last time Mia saw her.
“They have great salads here, don’t they? I only have a few minutes, but I have been wanting to catch you alone.”  She sat across from Mia, saying, “I want to apologize, Mia, for the first time we met, I know it is long overdue, but I was being a jerk and feeling sorry for myself and wondering what the hell else could happen to me. Jeff and I were having a tough time. Of course, that was no excuse for the way I acted toward you that day.” She paused.  Mia listened.
“I did not overhear Jeff and Red talking about your family being connected with the mob, but I was drunk, and to be honest, I don’t exactly know how I said it, but Liz got it all mixed up, and when she blurted that out to you, it sobered me.  The only thing is not sober enough, is, being an absolute jerk and an A-hole, I went along with it.  Mia, I am so sorry you did not deserve that. And then the day you and Red came to our house for dinner, Jeff disagreed with everything I said in front of the boys and when I asked the boys to go visit my parents before you and Red arrived, Jeff told them they did not have to go to those ding-a-lings' house.
Mia granted my parents, well my whole family are not your average types, but they are good people, and they are my sons’ grandparents. I was fit to be tied, and again, I was rude and obnoxious.  Jeff says, just like my ditsy family.  The teenage years are hard enough to deal with the boys, and Jeff ain’t making them any easier.”
“Thanks, Marty, I thought something must have happened before we came for the way all of you were acting.  Jeff seemed angry about something.  Have things calmed down any?
Marty cocked her head, shaking it, “some, I guess, only because Jeff has been busy and comes home so late.  I’m not going to bother you with our marital problems; Red said maybe we should see a counselor.  Marriage type.  We can’t afford that, besides Jeff won’t go, I am sure of it.  You probably don’t know, but I was pregnant with Mark when we got married.  Peggy blamed me, of course; her boys were perfect, especially Jeff.  She spoiled them.  I can understand that with my two, too, but Mia, it isn’t fair to the kid.  Ya know.
My family may not measure up to the Malones, but they are good, loving people.  My mother is a born-again Hippie, and my father is a wannabe thirty-year-old.”
Mia stifled a laugh, “sorry, Marty, but your description is cute.  They must be interesting people.”
Marty smiled.  “They are.  My brother has a black live-in boyfriend or manfriend if you will.  My mother said, when she found out about my brother, that he was her son and she loved him no matter what.  My father said me too, now we have an interracial family.”  She interrupted herself to give a quick laugh.  “My sister lives in Colorado with her third husband, and they are hugging trees or whatever they do, so that is what the bone of contention is around my household, not to mention dealing with teenagers.”
Mia smiled at her, “I understand.”
“If anyone would, I knew you would understand.  Ah, Mia, I have to get back; thanks for listening to me, but I had to talk with you; I could not let this go any longer.  To tell the truth, I was coming to your office, saw you come here, and followed you in.  Maybe we can get together some time, all of us that is, when this awful weather is over.” She stood.
“Yes, maybe, it won’t be too much longer, and it will be Liz and Joe’s wedding” ….
“Right, that’s right.  Take care, Mia.”
“You too, Marty.”  Mia wondering if she knew about Liz and Joe’s problem, then thinking, oh good, this must be number three.  I hope it is number three.
Friday: Mia was a Capricorn, and Jim, an Aquarius, decided on having their little party, just the two of them the last week in January.  The plan was for Mia and Jim to get all ‘gussied up’ as Jim said, go to a fancy restaurant and then to his house to have their birthday cake, just the two of them.  It would be the first time Mia would see the inside of his house.
Friday morning, Jim phoned Mia at her office and told her he was tied up with an incident, he did not say what it was, and could she meet him at the restaurant around six.  He would be in uniform and would have to leave after their dinner.  He left the message on her office answering machine.
Mia had been in conference with Mrs. Scott with the parents of one of Mia’s students. As soon as she returned to her office, she played back the message of a disappointed, harried-sounding Jim, and returned his call.  He was gruff, terse, and refused to make another time or day. So, they were to meet, going separately, at six o’clock.
Maybe this was number three; Mia hoped not.
Jim was twenty minutes late to the restaurant, and on seeing Mia waving as he made his way through the crowded restaurant, all heads turning to stare at him as he walked by.
He sat in the chair next to Mia, “you look very pretty Mia, sorry to do it this way, but it is a little busy these days.”  He did not elaborate on the subject, concentrating on the menu.
“Their specialty is stuffed Flounder,”  Mia informed him.  “You look handsome yourself.”
With a weak smile, he said, “Is that what you are having?”
“No…”
“That’s what I will have.” He said, looking around for the waiter, then when spying him waved to him.
“I guess I will have the same then.”
“No, no, have what you want.”  He said in a demanding tone.
Mia wanted to say, let’s forget this and do it another time, Jim, but she decided not to.
They gave their order and sat there, Jim staring at the water glass.  “Here, Jim, I got you a little something.”  She handed him a small gift bag.
He took it smiling, “oh, how nice, Mia.”  He opened it.  “What is it?  Oh, I know one of those ties….” He announced, looking at Mia for a name.
“It’s a Bolo tie and has a Jade slide-up clasp. I thought a Garnet would be too feminine, but it does have a reddish highlight to it.”
“Yeah, how nice, thank you.” And he squeezing her hand.
He took off his tie, fashioning the dark brown, almost black rope-like chain under the collar of his shirt.  “How does it look?”  He said with a big grin.
“Very nice.”  Mia swallowed; that was the best thank you he could have given her.
“Mia, it is a bad case.  I don’t want to go into it with you; it is too depressing.  Reading it in the paper won’t, hopefully, be as graphic as it is.  It is very unfortunate.
Thanks for seeing Liz and Joe, they are coping, and they were grateful for your advice.”
“I am sorry about their dilemma Jim, I wish it was not so.”
“Yeah, me too.”  Their salads came.  “I…. well I wonder Mia what you think about well I mean…. he paused to scratch his neck.  “You know there is that big difference in our ages and all, and well I…..this salad is good.”
“I know there is a big difference in our ages, and this salad is good.”
“Well, the thing of it is, my wife, well…..she, ah, well….”  He put a forkful of the salad in his mouth. “
“Well…..your wife?”
“Well, nothing, just that she always took care of the kids’ problems, mostly ‘because I was never around and well, I hope you did not take it wrong or anything like that.”  He was saying it all wrong and could tell by her expression she did not know what he meant.
“How do you mean wrong?”  She continued eating the salad.
“Well, like I know it is none of your business and all and then, um I a…..wonder how you think about ya know, um, my being older and all maybe you would rather, well maybe you are a.”  He was in it now, he said to himself.  “I mean, we don’t have that much in common.”  He knew he was saying it all wrong as soon as he said it and wished he could undo it.  But before he could untangle the mess he was in, Mia wiping her mouth with a napkin, dropped the fork in the salad bowl, and stood.  Jim saw the fire in her eyes.
Reaching for her purse, taking out her wallet and throwing thirty dollars on the table, she quietly said, “Jim, get a takeout on me.  And happy birthday.”  She grabbed her coat and made her way out of the restaurant.
The waiter came with the food, “was there an emergency, sir?”
“Put everything in a takeout.” Jim’s face was red, standing he asked for the bill.
Jim had to get back to his office; there was a pile of paperwork waiting on his desk.  He wanted to go to Mia’s apartment and try to explain to her but knew he could not take the time. ‘Red Malone, you are a jerk,’ he said to himself.  He sat in the warmth of the patrol car, eating his dinner.  Then made his way to the county building.
Mia was shaken, hurt, unbelieving of what Jim had said. ‘Nothing in common, none of your business, the difference in their ages, his wife?’  Goodbye Jim, Red Malone; I guess this is definitely number three.
Chapter Twenty-Three So That is What it Was About
Mia was moping around the apartment and decided to take her daily walk to the house site.  It had snowed during the night, and the white snow was unblemished, like refined sugar.
Nothing was changed, the same scene she saw with every walk she took there, with the snow-covered foreground and the snow-covered Spruces in the back of the property.  The bare Hickory and Oak trees standing regally in among the Evergreen trees.
Her nostrils stuck together even with a scarf wrapped almost to her eyebrows. She walked slowly back to the apartment, hunched against the cold air.
This year Henry was gone with his owners to Texas, and once a week, their nephew would come to check on things and get their mail.  On occasion Mia would see him, he would smile and wave, telling her to have a good day.
She felt lonely without Henry.  Now she did not have anyone to talk to, she told herself.
Once in her apartment, she thought she would get busy finishing correcting papers, putting on two layers of socks, a crew neck sweater that was more like a blanket over a T-shirt tucked into a worn pair of jersey knit pants; she sat behind the living room desk.  She heard footsteps coming up the apartment stairs, then a knocking on the door.
“Just a minute.”
Jim was standing outside with a big grin on his face.  Mia took a deep breath as she opened the door.  “C’mon in.” She stepped aside to let him.  He walked in sideways and, once inside, produced a bouquet of flowers.
Mia glanced up at him, then down at the flowers.  “Here these are yours; I am so sorry, Mia, I am such an idiot, I don’t know how to apologize, please forgive me….”
“Thank you, Jim. These are beautiful.”  She took them from him, going to the kitchen cupboard for a vase to put them in.  “Are you staying?”  She asked, seeing he was in uniform.  Why did she make it so easy for him, she asked herself?
“Beck knows where I am, so if I am needed, he will call me, but I have piles of forms to fill out, but thought I would take a break.  Grace Bonaponte’s hearing comes up in a couple of weeks, and I have to prepare for that.  But I had to come to see you.  I, well, I …….”
“It’s okay Jim, I am glad you came over.”  He stood there watching her while she put water in the vase, arranging the flowers in it, continuing, “well then, take off your boots and jacket and come into the living room; it is warmer in there.”
“Yeah, sure,” he put his boots on the rubber shoe tray beside the front door and hung his jacket over a kitchen chair, tucking his woolen cap in a jacket pocket.
“Mia, I have to say what I should have said Friday, but I got everything botched up, bear with me because I am not good at this.”  They walked into the living room, he standing, she placing the flower vase on the coffee table in front of the sofa.  When she turned to face him, he held her shoulders.  Looking at the ceiling, taking a deep breath, he stammered, “Mia, I love you, I do, I want to be with you now and always.”  He tried to read her expression. “What I mean to say is, will you marry me?”
Her eyes widened; she took a deep breath and looked into his eyes.  “Is that what you were trying to say Friday?”
He nodded.
“Oh Jim, I love you too, I mean, yes.” She put her hands to her face.
He put his arms around her waist, lifting her up and kissing her cheeks, her nose, her eyes, her chin, and on the lips.  “Oh Mia, you have made me so happy.  I don’t know if you noticed, but I took off my ring a while back.”
“I did notice, I….”  He put her down, sitting her on the sofa.
“The ring.  Mia, I hope you aren’t upset, or I mean, ya know.”
Laughing, she said, “what about the ring, Jim.”
“It’s my mothers.  She did not want an engagement ring, so she designed the ring as a wedding ring with diamonds on it, its' white gold.  You may not believe this, knowing you though you probably will; before she died, she told me to give it to my second wife. I never told that to anyone, certainly not Peggy. Peggy did not want my mothers’. She wanted to keep her own after my mother died, but Mia, how did my mother know.  If you don’t want it you don’t have to take it because you can’t wear it until we are married, you know.”
“May I see it?”
“Oh yeah, sure,” he said, taking it from his shirt pocket.  He opened the box and showed it to her.
She looked up at him, tears starting, “Jim, this is beautiful; I love it.”
Jim beamed, excitement in his voice, “I bet it fits, you know, and if it doesn’t, we can have it sized.  Oh, Mia, I fell for you the minute you came into my door; when was that, golly, just a few months ago.  I can’t tell you how many times I wanted to tell you how I felt, but, with bad guys, no problem, with you, I get all, well, I.”
He put the white gold ring, inlaid with four diamonds on her finger, and it fit, with just a little twirling room.
“Oh, Jim, it is perfect, you are perfect, well maybe not,” she teased, “I felt the same way when I came into your office that day too, but I thought no way.”  She sniffled.
They hugged.  Jim sat down next to her on the sofa, holding her hand.  “Mia, there is one thing.  I don’t know if I will be able to give you a child.”
Mia squeezed his hands, holding them in both of hers, softly saying, “that’s what is bothering you all this talk about our age difference. Jim,” she paused, “let’s leave this to God he is good in the creation department.”
They decided on a private wedding at a nondenominational church the following Saturday.  Mia thought maybe it was too quick and could wait until after Liz and Joe’s wedding, but with Jim’s ers and ah’s, he convinced her that this particular pastor only came to that church at certain times of the year, and it would be months before he returned.  Jim had checked it out, knowing that Mia could not be married in the Catholic Church, and since he was Catholic did not, if at all possible, want a civil ceremony.  He thought this would be better and did not want to wait.  Mia consented saying, “why not let’s do it.”
Chapter Twenty-Four Weddings
It turned out to be another cold but sunny winter day.  Mia and Jim thought it be best to meet at the church; Mia had employed Ella and Megan to accompany her to the church.  John was not able to attend her wedding; the reason, vague.  Joe and Liz drove Jim there.
Jim’s entire family was able to attend, which pleased both of them.  They had reserved a portion of Tony’s dining area for a small reception.  Tony was ecstatic, thrilled, and honored to have ‘his favorite people choose his humble restaurant for such an occasion.’
Mia wore a white dress with a bolero-style jacket, no headpiece, white pumps, and carried a bouquet of white roses.  Her wavy hair touching the collar of the jacket she wore.  Jim wore a blue suit, a white shirt with the Bolo tie, shiny black shoes, and a white rose pinned to his suit lapel. A handsome couple.
Prior to their wedding day, they had discussed the keeping of the apartment until the owners returned from Texas, Mia having written to them to tell them their wedding plans.  They were thrilled for her and knew she was planning on building a house and would be leaving later in the year, so they told her it was entirely up to her if she still needed it for any reason; otherwise she could move out whenever she was ready.
They would live in the Malone house after they were married and still proceed with plans to build Mia’s house.  Maybe use it as a home away from home.  As of yet, there was no honeymoon planned away from Townsend Place, but the family teased them, telling them they would not bother them for at least a week.
Tony had a sumptuous meal of lasagna, individual pizzas, roasted chickens, mashed potatoes, a Shrimp scampi, a tossed salad, a vegetable medley, homemade Italian breads.  And a wedding cake.
Tony provided a compact disc player with jazz and rock and roll music for them to dance to in a small area near where they were dining.  Of course, he and his wife, who Mia and Jim learned was twenty years younger than Tony, danced the Tarantella.  She was his second wife, married for twenty-two years, and the mother of two of his four children.
Mia was in tears through most of the meal, getting congratulations and compliments from Jim’s children and grandchildren, along with Tony’s family and every customer who entered the restaurant. And most special of all was Jim’s children admiring her for accepting and wearing their grandmother’s wedding ring. Jim and Mia picked out his wedding ring, also in white gold.
Two weeks later, on Valentine’s Day, Liz and Joe were married in their church.  Liz had not started her chemotherapy treatments yet, wanting to wait until after their wedding.  She was a beautiful bride, rosy-cheeked with her honey-brown hair coiffed perfectly under a small veil.  Her gown had no train but was long in the back, her white high-heeled shoes visible from the V-cut in the front of the gown.  She walked down the aisle with her father, a distinguished-looking man, both smiling and nodding to those they passed.  Jim and Mia, arm in arm, smiling too at the duo as they passed.  Across the aisle from them was Liz’s mother, an elegantly tall, slightly built woman wearing a dark green sateen pantsuit with shoes to match.  Her Ash blond hair up in the back in a chignon.
And standing at the altar, Joe with his best man and grooms, his eyes on his bride.
Megan was one of the bridesmaids, and a friend of Liz’s was her maid of honor, along with two other young women in light blue caped gowns.
There was a reception after the wedding at a hotel in Syracuse, one floor devoted to Joe and Liz’ and their party members.
Jim introduced Mia to Liz’s parents, Sidney, the father, laughing and punching Jim in the arm while winking at Mia, “robbing the cradle there, Red?”
Jim did not say anything, looking at him with a strained smile then escorting Mia to Liz’s mother, Lilian.
“You look lovely, Mrs. Stewart.”  Mia complimenting the woman.
“Oh, thank you, and what did you say your name is?”  Mia repeated her name, Jim standing silently next to them.  “Oh yes, Mia, Liz had told me about you.  A doctor or something?”
“No, I am not a doctor, I a nurse, inactive that is,” Mia smiling at her ignoring her snobbish mannerisms. “Now I am a counselor at the community college and an instructor there.”
“I see; well, nice meeting you.  Have fun.”  Then looking up at Jim, she said, with a smirk, “don’t you think she is a little young for you, Red?”
Mia looked at Jim, Jim holding her arm, as they walked away, saying, “it’s a good thing we have better manners than they do.”  Smiling down at her offering, “c’mon, let’s dance.”
Joe came up to Mia and Jim while on the dance floor, announcing that Liz was very tired but wanted to stay until they cut the cake and thought it was too early to do so.
Jim advised, “cut it whenever you want and then split.  Everyone should understand, Joe.”
“Dad, you and Mia are the only ones who know about Liz.”
“You are kidding me, Joe; she did not tell her parents?”
“No, Dad, she wanted to keep it between us until after the wedding; she well she did not want her mother to interfere; it is complicated with her parents, at least for Liz, it is,”  Joe explained, looking anxiously at them.
“I see; well, then that is something else again; what do you think, Mia?”
“I think you should think of Liz right now.  Cut the cake, and like your father says, leave, no excuse, no reason.  Everyone will probably tease you about it, but she needs to rest more than anything, especially with the excitement of the wedding.”
“Yeah, what Mia said.  The hell with what people think, Joe, Liz is more important.”
“Okay, I will tell her what you both said.  Mia, she says she is having cramps, is that expected?”
Mia’s eyebrows raised, “Yes and no.  But it means she needs to get off her feet and rest.  “Do you want me to talk with her?”
“She doesn’t want to make a scene.  Thanks, she will go by what you say she promised me she would.”
When Joe was out of earshot, Joe and Mia continued their dance, “is that bad, the cramping?”
“In her situation, it is not good,”  Mia said, not elaborating on her answer.
A few minutes later, the small band made an announcement of the cutting of the cake.
Everyone stop what they were doing and gathered around the table where Joe and Liz stood behind the cake.  Liz looking paler to Mia than she had in the church.  'Oh, dear God, help them get through this.'
Jim feeling her tense, whispered, “what, Mia, is something wrong.” Mia squeezed his arm, “I hope not,” she whispered back.
Joe and Liz cut the cake, threw the bouquet and garter as Jim and Mia held their breath until waving and smiling Joe and Liz left.
Mia asked Jim, “where are they going from here, Jim, to their place?”
“Yes, Joe said he told everyone they had a suite at another hotel, but they are going to their place, why?”
“Maybe we should check on them in a little while.”
Jack and Jeff came to them Jack asking, “what’s up with them?”
Jim answering, “Liz is not feeling well.”
“Oh, all the wedding excitement, she looks tired.  I saw Joe talking with you two is that what it was about?”  Asked Detective Jeff.
Megan came up to them, asking, “Is everything alright, Grandpa?”
“Yes, Honey, everything is okay; you guys go have fun, enjoy.  Mia and I are probably going to be leaving soon.”
“Yeah, I have to get back to work, and so does Jack, so our ladies will be on their own. They probably will have a better time without us two grouches around, anyway.” Jeff giving Jack a playful poke.
Mia giving them a mischievous smile saying, “you got that right.”
And in unison, “yes, Mother.”
“Stay safe, you two clowns.” They gave her a mocking salute. Jeff and Marty must have patched things, noticing they both seemed at peace with one another.
After a short while, Jim and Mia made their goodbyes. Once in the car, Jim phoned Joe, “how is Liz doing?  What okay, we will do that.  Dear Mother of God, Mia, he is taking her to the hospital, she is bleeding.  He asked if we would meet him there."   Jim looked over at Mia, nodding at him, turning the car around in the direction of the hospital in the city.
Joe was sitting in the surgical waiting room, staring at the floor. Looking up when Jim called his name, then standing explained, "thanks for coming, she is in surgery, the OB doctor said he is doing a D and C, where they are making sure everything is clear in the uterus, she should be alright, but they had to give her a blood transfusion."  He sat down, Jim and Mia sitting on either side of him.  Jim with his arm around his son's shoulder.  Mia, sitting quietly.
"Did you inform her parents?"
"Yes, but they said that happens on honeymoons.  Both of them said the same thing."  
"What, what the hell does that mean?  You mean they are not coming?"  The veins in his neck were prominent.  He looked to Mia.
"They must think she was still a virgin,"  Mia said.
"What, so?"  Jim was confused.
"Ever since I told her father I was going with another law firm, things between he and his daughter have been strained.  And as far as her mother goes, Liz does not want her to interfere."
"They are her parents Joe, you can't keep things like that from them; what about her chemo?"
"Dad, she says she will tell them when she is ready; they are not close like our family. Dad, not all families are like ours."
"So, did you tell your brothers?"
"Yes, I told them about the Leukemia; I did not mention her pregnancy.  I asked Liz if it was okay to tell them about the chemo treatments, then sat down with them both, and that you and Mia knew too."
"Good then, good.  I apologize, Joe, it's just when any of my family hurt, I hurt."
The OB doctor a tall, lean man still in scrubs, came into the waiting room with a smile on his face, easing the tenseness of the three.  After shaking hands with each one of them, he informed them that, "she is going to be okay; everything is good.  Except for her Leukemia, she is a healthy female."
"Thank you, Doctor." Joe would have asked more, but his emotions overwhelmed him.
Mia spoke, "as far as you can tell, she will be able to have a healthy pregnancy in the future, once her cancer is taken care of?"
"I talked with the Oncologist, the type of Leukemia Liz has is easily treated these days with almost ninety percent cure.  Her studying for the exams and not getting proper rest affected her immune system, and the pregnancy complicated things, mostly because of the hormonal changes.  I do believe after her treatment, she will be able to live a full life and have healthy children."
Joe started to cry, hiding his face in his hands.  "All will be okay, Joe, have faith.  I told Liz, nature made the decision for her this time."  The surgeon putting his hand on Joe's shoulder, reassuring him.
Chapter Twenty-Five Life Goes On
A year after Grace Bonaponte's arrest, the judge considered her unfit to stand trial.  She was placed in a prison mental institution.  They did find the ones responsible for the killing of Justin Pirro.  There were three of them; two were in Attica and the third one was in a nearby county jail.
Jim and Mia had a baby girl, Beth, born eighteen months after they were married, named after Jim's mother Elizabeth, who was called Betty, but always wanted to be called Beth. Mia quit working at the college after Beth was born.
Ella and Mia had their times together, with Ella coming to their house for various celebrations.  Ella lived with her Aunt Isabella, Helen saying she did not think it would be right for Ella to have to go to a different school by moving with them to Townsend Place.  John spent as much time with Ella as he could, spending his weekends with Ella either at the house at the lake or at their house in the city.  John told Mia it made sense to him not taking Ella away from her friends and teachers.  And Ella was not particularly eager to live at the lake house.
When Beth was two and Ella eleven, John and Mia met at their house in the city to go over some of the essays John had written before he had them published, Ella taking charge of Beth while the two worked.
John was more pensive than usual, with no teasing and clowning as he usually did when they were together, but it was a productive session.
When they were finished, Mia said, "those two are having quite a good time in there; I think we should watch a movie with them and have some ice cream sundaes, what do you think, Doc?"
That elicited a smile from John, saying, "sounds like a good idea to me.  I wonder if the girls will be interested?"  Teasing them when he saw the two coming out of Ella's room. That was the last time John would confer with Mia, only meeting from time to time at occasions that involved Ella.
Still in his sixties Jim retired from the county, he was immediately asked to run for Mayor of Townsend Place.  He campaigned although he did not have to and was Townsend Place's mayor for ten years.
Jack beat out Sergeant Beck, as sheriff, Jim telling Mia it was the Malone charm and good looks.
They never were able to take a honeymoon, let alone a vacation for more than a weekend.  Jim made time for his daughter that he never had with his sons.  He taught her to fish, ice skate and play basketball.  She, along with Mia was by his side at ribbon cuttings, county fairs and town outings.  Family meant everything to Jim.
After twenty-two years of marriage, one evening, Jim complained of maybe coming down with the flu.  Mia thinking, he must not feel well going to bed so early, at eight-thirty, plus advising her to sleep in one of the other bedrooms as a precaution. They were in the G house as it was called, moving in after giving the Malone house to Joe and Liz and their four boys.   Chris Tanner, commenting to Mia, that she must have had ESP, knowing she would need a big house for her big extended family.
Jim, (Red) Malone was a young eighty-three-year-old when he went to sleep that night.  Mia checked on him before she went upstairs to one of the other bedrooms, he was sleeping on his back, propped up on two pillows.
Later that night when she woke she went downstairs to check on Jim. He was asleep, breathing well, and as best she could tell his color looked good.
Mia did not wake until almost eight in the morning, which was unusual since Jim was usually up and about before seven and the aroma of coffee usually waking Mia, only half-waking when Jim left their bed, but not this morning.  She put on a robe over her nightgown went downstairs to the Master suite, finding Jim in his bed, cold and pale, apparently dying during the night.
Mia did not remember phoning anyone, but Jack, Penny, Jeff, and Marty were in the house taking charge of the situation before she had time to dress.  Their physician came to examine Jim and sign a death certificate.
Beth had an apartment near the university, now in her second year there.   Mia knew Jim's dying suddenly would be difficult for Beth.  Jeff said Joe had volunteered to break the news to her and bring her home.
Mia had become a surrogate mother to Ella, and as soon as Ella heard about Jim she, made arrangements with her staff at the cytology department at the hospital where she worked to take over for her for a few days; but to call if anything occurred, they could not handle.
Mia's house was filled with family and friends.  Food was brought by almost everyone who came to give their condolences.  Jim's family, who had welcomed her into their lives, sharing the good and sometimes difficult moments, looking to Jim and Mia for advice and support, were now, selflessly, as a family supporting her.
Mia could not imagine life without Jim, Red, Malone.
Chapter Twenty-Six Home Coming Dinner
Eight months later, Ella phoned Mia to tell her that her father was coming home from his stint at Doctors Without Borders.
John and Helen divorced after fifteen years of marriage. Mia thinking it must have been a difficult time for John since he gave up his practice and his civilian life contracting with the DWB for three years.  Mia could not imagine how his divorce could have devastated John to commit himself to something like that, especially leaving Ella.   When Aunt Isabella went to an assisted living home, it left Ella alone in their house. Ella confiding in Mia; she was keeping the house to have a place for her Dad when he came home.
Ella arranged for them to meet at a restaurant they frequented to celebrate John's homecoming.  Mia suggesting, they come to her place, and Ella saying this way no one has to do anything but sit and visit and enjoy.
Mia wore tan slacks and a tan blouse, brown shoes with a wedged heel. The only jewelry were gold looped earrings and her wedding ring, her hair not gray yet, cut in a Bob, which everyone said gave her more height.  John was waiting in the lobby of the restaurant, a big smile on his handsome face as she walked toward him. Overcome with emotion she could not speak, greeting him with a hug.
“Mia, it is so good to see you; you look the same; you are unbelievable,”  John said, returning the greeting.
“Oh, John, I am such a ninny getting all choked up like this, but it is so good to see you; you don't look too bad yourself, although I think you grew.”  He was thinner, which made him look even taller than he was at six foot three inches.  His hair was gray with a hint of his natural blonde, his eyes a deep blue, his features she had told him several times was a mix of Kevin Costner and Robert Redford.  She could not decide which.  He would retort, “how about Dr. John Roberts?”  giving her a devilish grin.
“I have a booth for us.  Ella can't make it, something came up at the hospital she had to attend to.  So, we are on our own.  Do you think we can behave ourselves without Ella and not get kicked out of the restaurant like we almost did at the library more than once?” Smiling at each other and putting his arm through hers was the hostess' cue to direct them to a reserved booth. Water glasses rolled up, napkins and warm rolls were already on the table.
“So sorry to hear about Jim Mia.  Ella told me everyone expected he would live into his nineties or beyond.  So sorry.”
“Thanks, John,” she said, squeezing his hand.  “I know that is what I thought too; he looked young with very little gray, no wrinkles, and kept himself fit; he appeared younger than eighty-three.  Sorry about your divorce too, John; it must have been difficult for you.”
“Mia, I don't know what to say, but I was ….I mean, she had such a hold on me, bewitching almost, and me, Mia, I thought I was smarter than that.  Anyway, let’s talk about the future, I want to forget those memories.”
The waiter came, and they gave him their orders.
“I understand.”
John continued, “you know about bad marriages with your first one, but I stayed, like a fool, I might add, longer than I should have.  I went to the DWB for penance.  Plus, I did not want to think anymore.”
Mia had never told him the whole story of life with Justin, only that he was a compulsive gambler. Jim knew the whole story, and if Justin had been alive, it would not have boded well for him.
“So,” Mia smiling trying to lighten the tenseness she felt from him, “what are your plans now that you are back?”
“Well, I am going to get back into practice sharing an office with Dr. Knoll. He is a General Surgeon, but first, there is a seminar in a small town in Italy outside of Florence in a couple of weeks, something you might be interested in, neuroplasticity.” It is in two weeks, and I have already made reservations, hoping you will come with me; if you can't, I understand, but it seems like a great opportunity to learn more about rewiring the brain.” He broke a roll, buttering it.  “Interested?”
“Oh yes, but I don't have a passport, and...”
“That's easy. I can help you with that.”  He took a bite from the roll.”  Looking at her with those mischievous eyes.
Mia smiling did not know whether to laugh or cry, seeing the familiar teasing expression he wore. “Let me think about it, John. It is hard to resist, but Jim has only been gone for eight months... I will let you know.”
Their meals came, and Mia related to him about the Malone children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren as they ate. How they were glad they had built the G house, because with all that property, the kids, all of them, had plenty of room for playing their games in the winter and in the summer, she said, spreading her arms out to demonstrate the enormity of them. And bragging about Beth and how she is looking forward to seeing him again.
“I am surprised she remembers me.”
“Of course, she remembers you, John.  We were at Ella's high school graduation, and she remembered that day at your place when she was two.”
“Ah, that is amazing; she looks just like you, Mia.”
“She looks like me, but she is all her father.”  Mia sniffled.
“Ella's college graduation was the day that bad storm came through here. We, I say we, but she and I celebrated afterward. She told me you had a big doing for her at your place. I couldn't make it to your place that day; Helen had made other plans.”  He licked his lips.
It seemed to Mia, saying Helen's name, agitated him.  “You don't sound like you are quite over the divorce yet, John?”
“Ah Mia, if you knew what I was thinking that day....well I won't go into it,” changing his mind, he continued, “the day I found her in that damn shower with Coach Logan, well Mia, I felt like Mr. Hyde.”
Once at home, Mia phoned Beth, telling her about meeting with John, and wondered what she thought about going to Italy with him. Telling her how they would be staying in a small cottage with separate bedrooms since there were no hotels or motels there, it was in a resort-type place. “I don't know, as interesting as it might be, and with your father dead only eight months.”
“Ma, come into the twenty-first century for heaven’s sake, he is your friend, Ella's father, whom you have known and worked with for how many years?”
“I am still adjusting to the century; give me time.  The seminar is in a couple of weeks, I have to decide quick in order to get a passport.”
“So, duh, get going.”
“You are not really my daughter, are you?”
“Ha, ha, you cannot deny me, Ma, we are almost twins, accept I am taller.”
“Love you, Beth.”
“Love you back.  See you on Saturday, Ma.”
“Are you sure he wants spaghetti and meatballs?”
“Definitely.”
Beth had a special friend she wanted her mother to meet and asked if she could invite him to dinner on the weekend for spaghetti and meatballs. “Beth, are you sure, with a name like Tyler Lofton, he might want a roast or something fancier.”
“Your spaghetti and meatballs are the best. He says he is looking forward to it and meeting you as well.  He can be stiff at times, but he is really smart and very handsome.
“Okay, if you say so, I will do it, be here by one.”
“We will be there.”
Chapter Twenty-Seven Life with Helen
In the beginning of their marriage, Helen and John seemed devoted to one another.  Helen complimenting John at his professionalism and how the two together made a handsome couple, she standing beside John, at five feet seven inches, and model thin.
Helen was attentive to John when he came home from his office or the hospital, and although not much of a cook, Helen did her best to accommodate John's food preferences.
Helen had suggested as a wedding present for the two of them that they should remodel the lake house. A house her parents had handed down to her. John thinking it was a great idea and contracted a local construction company for the task.
John thought they could move the shower that had mistakenly been put in the master bedroom, instead of the master bath, in its proper place. Helen said that was one item she liked right where it was. “It's a conversation piece John, I love it there. Besides, she teased, “it's sexy.”
John conceded, “okay if you say so,” not quite agreeing.
The lake was east of Townsend Place in a valley that once were cow pastures and now was a golf course.  It was opened to the public, but most of the residents in town thought it a little high dollar for them, leaving it to the enjoyment of the owners of the homes around the course.
To John, everything seemed ideal except that Helen and Ella were cool to one another, John hoping that eventually they would both warm to one another. John sensing an insecurity in Helen with her needing him exclusively.
Ella surprisingly was fine with the arrangement and agreed with Helen that living with her Aunt Bella would keep her closer to her school and her friends. Ella, however, preferring the company of her Aunt Bella and Mia, and of course, her father.
Every other Wednesday, John had dinner with his daughter and Aunt Bella and sometimes stayed overnight when on call to be closer to the hospital, although he was less than forty minutes from the medical center and his office from the lake house.
Those Wednesday evenings were Helen's time with her group of teachers going over lesson plans or ironing out problems with their students, she had told him.  John thinking it was good for Helen to get away from the high school for those meetings. A relief from the high school where she had monitoring duties during the home sports games, or the teacher-parent meetings, or the mandatory in-services, requiring her to be in attendance at the high school.
The renovations were coming along fine. The staircase was moved so that it curved to the second floor hiding the upper staircase from being seen from the first floor, whereas prior, it was too close to the front door and took up a lot of the space that now was used as a sitting room.
The living room that was adjacent to the sitting room was totally redone by putting in bay windows to widen the view to the lake and the golf course beyond.  It was John's favorite room.
The second story's hallway was also renovated. The carpet was laid along its expanse to hide the scuffed and squeaky wood flooring.  The master bedroom, located in the center of the second story and master bathroom had been remodeled by Helen's parents, which left the other two smaller bedrooms to be carpeted and re-wallpapered.
One bedroom was for Ella when she visited, and the other John made into his office, furnishing it with his home office desk, a swivel desk chair, a bookcase, a computer, a printer, and a lamp.
The kitchen was in dire need of renovations, but for some reason, Helen hesitated doing anything to it, except putting in new tiled flooring, which they did, although it was in desperate need of new cabinets and a sink. The appliances needing updating too. John deciding to let Helen determine the time and design of the renovations to the kitchen.
Helen's friend Coach Brian Logan, whom she had known since elementary school, and his wife Ann invited them to barbecues at their home several times. They had two boys, the oldest identical in appearance to his father and the younger a little bit of both parents.  John liked Ann; he found her to be not only a pretty blonde but an intelligent and pleasant woman.  She worked for the school district as a secretary to the superintendent.
Ann showed an interest in John's study into AD/HD, telling him she was familiar with the program at the TPISD.  Helen showed little interest in his research, saying she was an AP (Advanced Placement) teacher and those were the only students she concentrated on.
When John and Helen dined with John's colleagues, Helen dressed elegantly, listening intently to the males, barely interfacing with their wives. One of the wives, with a laugh, mentioned to John that she was a little jealous of Helen flirting with her husband. John admitting to himself that she was right, but to him, that was part of Helen's charm, seemingly harmless to him.
John spent as much time as he could taking notes and reading from the books loaned to him by Mia.   Stephen Jay Gould's Ever Since Darwin (3) to give him insight about the Theory of Evolution. Also, information on the relationship between Charles Darwin and Robert Fitzroy.  
A book by Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden,(4) and his analysis of Evolution and the primitive brain.  Jeffrey Schwartz, M.D. and Sharon Begley's book on The Mind and The Brain, (Neuroplasticity and the Power of Mental Force) (5)   their writings on OCD (Obsessive Compulsive Disorder), and detailing how the brain rewires itself.
He, like Mia, found it was not a simple subject, but for his knowledge and if he never was able to get anything in written form, the information in those books was extremely helpful to him in his practice when dealing with his patients with AD/HD, and their parents.
The years went on with he and Helen, spending their Sundays on the golf course, weather permitting and when he was available.  And on the Saturdays that Helen went shopping, and John was free, he would spend his time with Ella, accompanying her to piano rehearsals or whatever activity Ella was involved in.  And Ella would accompany him at his office whenever possible, John seeking to keep a balance with his daughter and his wife.
When it came to the holidays, Aunt Bella insisted they spend it at their house in the city since she was doing the cooking.  Helen was in agreement in the first years they were married, but as time went on, she was sullen, moping and drinking wine, barely tasting the food.
After an especially uncomfortable Thanksgiving, sitting around the dining table with Helen staring into space, picking at her food, with the wine bottle close at hand, John asked her on their way home, “Helen, what is wrong with you, you spoiled the whole day with your moping?”
“John, you can't be serious.  It is so dull and boring.  Your Aunt is just an old spinster, not to mention Ella. She is so prim and proper; it makes me...well, it makes me mope, too bad.  But the wine was good.”  Then adding, “if you don't like the way I am, then get yourself a new wife, because my handsome doctor, when you are around your family, you are just as dull.”
That stung.  John was silent the rest of the way home.  Helen fell asleep.
Chapter Twenty-Eight After Fifteen Years
John had two of his writings published in the Pediatric Journal, and as a result, acquired a publisher interested in publishing them in book form.  However, the excitement was not shared by Helen. It seemed to John that Helen was jealous of anyone or thing that took attention away from her.
However, Mia was ecstatic about this news.  But when John told her he was using her as co-author, she did not agree, thinking instead he could mention her in the front of the book or wherever, and John saying it was too late the deed was done.
One evening when Helen had gone shopping, John knowing he would have at least a couple of hours to devote to his writing, he hurried to his upstairs office as soon as Helen drove out of the driveway.  John needed to get a draft in the right order to be sent to the publisher.  
He stood in disbelief when he entered the room to see papers scattered on the floor, then noticing a note on the desk, saying, 'thought this would give you something to do while I was shopping.  Don't be mad, now, it's just a joke.  Signed Helen.  

He picked up the folder from his desk that once held the over two hundred pages of paper and stood holding it and looking around in the hopes that all the papers would find their way back into their folder.  'Where is Mary Poppins when you need her,' he thought, then sat down on the floor to retrieve them.
Helen's moods were difficult to understand at times; only when she had his full attention when they were home together was there calm and peace.  It was when he would come home from the office or the hospital and plop in his easy chair in the living room exhausted, Helen would be upset that he was home so late and could not understand why he was tired and did not have time for her.
He would explain, “Helen, I am on call and had to attend to a patient in the Emergency Room, and as I tried to leave, another emergency patient came in. I called you to tell you and left a message on the answering machine.”
“I bet.  You were probably either out with some of your colleagues as you call them or conferring with Mia on some crazy new idea or subject to write about.”
“Think what you want, but that's the way it is.  I just need a few minutes to relax and take a deep breath, and then I will be all yours.”
“Never mind, I am going out with some friends.”
“Have a good time,”  John said and laid his head on the back of the chair, closing his eyes.
THEIR fifteenth wedding anniversary was in two weeks, and John suggested they stay overnight at Three Lakes Hotel after an anniversary dinner at the hotel's restaurant.  Helen could not decide.  
“It will be a romantic outing for us, Helen, something we both need; what do you say?”  John pleaded.
Helen was sitting in the kitchen going over some school papers, the computer in front of her. “For God's sake, John, can't you see I am busy.  We will talk about this later.”
John, frustrated with her delaying him every time he brought up the subject, whether she was busy or not, said, “I am going to make reservations for us, Helen, and if we change our minds, I can always cancel them.”
Then later that evening, both in their bed, Helen apologized, saying, “sorry John to snap at you earlier, but I was busy ya know, how about a cuddle.”
“So you are okay with going to Three Lakes then?”
“You are such a nag. Whatever.  Two weeks is a long way off; let us just think of the now.”  She said, nuzzling him.
Smiling, he nuzzled back.
IT was Wednesday, their anniversary day, and wanting to surprise Helen, John made arrangements to leave the office early, to have a little party for the two of them at their house before they set out to dinner.  He had put two bottles of champagne in their refrigerator before he left for his office, planning to buy flowers and Helen's favorite cheesecake on his way home.
Helen consented to have dinner at the restaurant but not stay overnight at Three Lakes since they would have to wait until the weekend to celebrate their anniversary instead of on the actual date.  John was disappointed but understood when Helen told him it was just as romantic in their own home, bed, and lake, so he changed the dinner reservation for their actual wedding day date.
These past two weeks, Helen had been moody, communicating with grunts or a shrug.  He attributed her moodiness with being preoccupied with the end of the semester exams, not taking it personally.
Over the years, he had endured her moods, learning not to confront her with her impertinence, which only exacerbated the situation with her accusation of Mia and Ella meant more to him than she did.  He explaining that Mia was a friend but also a very happily married woman, and Ella, after all, was his daughter.
There was a car in the driveway, and John parked his car alongside it, Helen's car being in front of both cars.
When he entered the house, he heard water running in the master bedroom and then saw a man's shirt and shorts on the floor near the refrigerator.  He quickly put the flowers in the sink, on top of two wine glasses, and putting the cheesecake alongside the one champagne bottle in the refrigerator.  Then he hesitated, spying a cell phone on the floor under the cabinet alongside the refrigerator.  It was vibrating, and picking it up he saw a message reading, 'Brian, don't worry about the boys. I will get them from practice.'  Without thinking, he put the cell phone in his pant's pocket.
He cautiously walked up the stairs, and from the stairway, the bedroom door ajar, he saw Helen in their bedroom shower with her friend Coach Logan.
John hurried out to his car and drove to an area on the main street where he could spy on the back of the house.  He slid down in the driver's seat, staring at the house's back door through the side mirror.  Fifteen minutes later, Coach Logan came out of the house and drove off; John saw Ann, Coach Logan's wife, drive-by their house in the opposite direction of the Coach, with her two sons in the back seat, John not sure if they saw each other.
John waited until the Coach was out of sight and drove into the driveway and entered the house through the back door to the kitchen.
Helen walked into the kitchen startled at seeing John.  “John what are you doing here?”
Helen standing gaping at him with a precariously opened bathrobe showing her bare chest holding wet towels in her arms.
Then Helen saying in a shrill voice, “Brian, what are you doing here?”
Brian red-faced, his hair moist, had come through the kitchen's back door, John looking at one to the other standing in front of the refrigerator at the surreal scene.
“I think I forgot my cell phone when I came to pick up those papers from you.”  He stammered his face as red as a beet.  That was the excuse he and Helen had agreed upon if ever caught in the situation they now faced.
“You stupid...” Helen hissed, then calming herself, saying, “oh yes, the papers well, I don't remember seeing your cell, are you sure you left it here?”  As though to say, 'get out of here, Brian.'
“Right, well...I guess I will go then, so sorry to.....”
John feeling the phone vibrating in his pocket, saying, “I found it.  It was under the cabinet here.”  And with fumbling fingers, he took the cell phone out of his pocket handing it to Brian.
“Oh gosh, oh thanks, Doc.  Oh yeah, it is Ann telling me,” and before he could finish his thought, they were interrupted by a female voice saying, “yes, it is me. I have been calling you for the past forty- five minutes.”  It was his wife, Ann, standing behind him, obviously coming through the opened back door.
Helen stood as though frozen with the top part of her robe opening a little more precariously, not able to speak.
John saying, “Ann, nice to see you again.”  It was an automatic response.
Brian looking at John, then his wife, and then at Helen, while John continued, “Ann and Brian, why don't you all take a seat and Helen let me take those towels from you while you fix, or I mean adjust your robe.”  John feeling as though he was in a stupor.
John waited until Brian and Ann sat around the kitchen table, Helen sitting across from the couple after adjusting her robe.  John taking the towels into the utility room and depositing them into the washing machine.  
Feeling a burning sensation go through his body, he took a deep breath and went into the kitchen. John did not know whether to laugh or cry or just walk out the door, thinking to himself, 'so this has been going on for fifteen years or more.  How could I have been so blind?  And, Ann with the expression on her face is probably thinking the same thing'.  Those were the thoughts going through his mind as he stood by the kitchen table, then slowly sat in a chair between Ann and Helen.
“Ann, how did you happen to come here this evening?”  John asked calmly, reminding himself to act like a professional, ignoring a feeling of heaviness in his chest.
Her voice shaking, Ann explained, “I received a phone call from the Three Lake Restaurant telling me Brian, and I won a dinner there for this evening.  I phoned Brian but could not reach him, so I went ahead and made arrangements for my mother to take the boys for the night; they can walk to school from her house in the morning.  
Knowing Brian usually gets the kids after practice, I decided I would get them myself and take them to my parents'.  Why I came here is that I pass by here to take the boys to my parents' house.  I saw Brian drive out of the driveway on my way there, and then on my way back, I saw him turning into your driveway.
I saw your car Dr. Roberts and Brian's car, so I... let me just say I had a gut feeling.  I waited in my car, thinking Brian would be coming out soon, and then I got an idea to verify if there was a reservation for us at the Three Lake restaurant.”  
Glaring at Helen, Ann said, “guess what?  There was no such reservation, and the hostess did not know what I was talking about.  And suspicious me I asked if there was one for the Roberts, and guess what, Helen, there was.”  Her voice was soft, calmer, although with a slight hissing sound.
Ann continued to stare at Helen.  “The least you can do, Helen Ormsby Roberts, is put some clothes on.”  She leaned forward toward Helen. Then unexpectedly, she seethed, “tell your husband Helen who the father of your two boys really are?  Don't give me that look, as though you are Miss or should I say, Mrs. Innocent.  I put it all together finally, and that one phone call to the hotel restaurant did it.  I have to tell you all, and especially you, John, I feel like a fool to have just realized what is going on with these two.”
Then looking over at her husband, “Brian, I am not going to ask you to choose between Helen and me, I am taking the boys and leaving you.  And John, I am sorry to be the one to tell you this, but your wife is worse than a two-timer, she's a witch.”
Ann seemed to gain control of her emotions, saying, “John, I am sorry I did not figure this out sooner.  But you like me thought it was just innocent flirting between the two of them because they have known each other so long.”
“Ann, wait, please listen to me; I did not know she did that; make the reservations.”
“Oh please, Brian.  You are so blinded by her; it's like an addiction, how could you do this to not just me, because obviously I don't count, but your sons.  All four of them.”
“Ann, wait, that can't be true... it can't, Helen. What is she talking about?”
Ann stood knocking over the kitchen chair she had vacated.  “I am out of here,”  Ann announced.  John watching this in disbelief, like he was stuck in a Soap Opera.
Helen said, “good.”
John said, “Ann, wait a minute.  I know you are upset, and I am too, but please explain to me what you are talking about.  I get the picture now about the two of them, after all these years, and I feel like a fool or worse, I guess, but what about Ormsby's sons?”
“John, they are Brian's sons.  Ormsby can't have children.  She, that person there,”
Ann explained, pointing her finger to Helen, “made the poor man think they were his and hers, and when she saw the resemblance of the first boy to my husband, she knew she had to get the boy as far away from her as she could.”
“You don't know that for sure; it can't be, Helen, tell them it isn't true.”  Brian was at the brink of collapse, all six feet two, two hundred pounds of him.
Ann, clenching her teeth and her fists, walked out of the house.
Brian stood, “I can't lose her or my boys.  Helen, what did you do to me?”
Helen stood leaning over the table toward Brian, peering into his moist eyes, “you stupid.  Don't I mean anything to you after all these years, Brian.  We had a good thing going.”  She looked down at John, her voice soft, purring, “he was a good time, that is all, John.  You have done more for me than any of these others.”  She said and sat down, putting her hand on John's arm.
John lifted her hand off his arm, “Helen, I don't know what to say to you.  Brian, what do you know of Ormsby's boys? I mean, I am having a hard time following all of this?”  He envisioned himself putting his hands around Brian's thick neck.
“You two talk all you want. I am getting dressed to go to dinner with you John,”  Helen said with a smile.  John looking at her incredulous, and Brian looking at her with pleading eyes.
“I can't stay here and talk with you Doc, I have to get to Ann.  I have to make her understand I love her and the boys. I-I have to.”  His expression was one of a man in defeat appearing to shrink before John's eyes.
After Brian left, John sat there for a few minutes, then rose and went to the sink, taking the flowers out of it and staring at the two wine glasses.  Stepping on the trash bin pedal, he saw a champagne bottle on the bottom of it and threw the flowers on top of it.  Running his fingers through his hair, then leaning on the countertop, he felt a rage go through him, hearing Helen announce, “I am ready, John.”
John did not turn around, saying, with every muscle in his body tightening.  “Helen, you go ahead.  I am going upstairs to pack.
Chapter Twenty-Nine In Elmira
John checked into the Best Western in Elmira, phoning the Ormsby residence that evening.  Professor Ormsby answering the phone, “yes, Dr. Roberts, of course, John, at the motel this evening, or would you rather in the morning, I don't have classes until the afternoon tomorrow.  I see, of course, I can be there in fifteen minutes.  You are very welcome.”
The Professor called out to his wife, “Honey, that was Helen's husband, Dr. Roberts; he is wanting to speak to me about Helen.  He sounds anxious, upset.”
“That poor man, married to that psychopath.  What did she do now?  Do you feel right about talking with him?  She said in a whisper so the boys would not hear their conversation.
Keeping his voice soft, he answered, “yes, he is legit; I met him a long time ago; he is a good person.  How Helen gets away with what she does is beyond me.  I don't think I will be very long.  He said he is staying overnight but driving back to the city for rounds in the morning.  Where are my shoes, oh there they are.”  He slipped on his loafers, kissed his wife's cheek and went out the door.  A few seconds later he returned, his wife standing inside the door holding his car keys.  Smiling he said, “what would I do without you?”
John met the Professor in the lounge area of the motel, where there was a big-screen TV with a table and chairs in a semi-circle around a large bar height countertop.  John recognized the distinguished-looking gentleman, having met him previously at some celebratory event years ago.  The drive to Elmira gave John time to think, not sure he was doing the right thing with going to confront the Professor, but he had to know if what Ann had said was true.  
The Professor was around five-eleven, thin build, his light brown hair gray at the temples, dressed casually.  He greeted John with a friendly smile.  John explaining, “I thought we could talk here since the room is rather cramped unless you would rather go to my room?”
“No, this is perfect here.  We can sit at that corner table over there, and don't you worry, you were not taking me away from anything.  How is Helen?”
“Helen is fine; it's the people around her who are not.”
“Sounds like Helen.”
“I saw the motel manager make fresh coffee a few minutes ago. Would you like a cup?” John asked when they were seated.
“No, no thanks.  My curiosity is growing; what do you want to ask me, John?'
“This is going to sound strange, and I don't want to-well, Ormsby,” John was introduced to him when they first met as Professor Ormsby, and when he asked what his first name was, he said,, 'just call me Ormsby.'  John continued, “are you the father of your two boys?”
“Ah, I wondered when someone would ask that question.  No, John, I am not.”  The Professor watched John turn pale.  “I found out that I could not have children after Clara and I were married.  You see, I had Mumps when I was a teenager and was told I might be sterile.  Well, when Helen became pregnant, of course, I assumed I was not sterile.  When Clara and I could not have children, the doctor told me the reason was that I, in fact, was sterile, and had been for some time.
I was shocked, to say the least.  Of course, as Brian, who is the spitting image of Coach Logan, grew into a strapping youth, well, I-- but even before that I suspected he was not my son and now we know but did not want to believe John,” the Professor shook his head, “she is a sly one.
When Brian was three and Lucas, who is a combination of Logan and Helen, was eighteen months old, she divorced me and told me I had to take the boys because she could not afford to raise them.
My heart was broken; I was so much in love with her.  Such a fascinating woman, you know John, Helen knows Shakespeare inside and out, she can explain each play as though she wrote them herself, I found that amazing.  I am sorry I digress.  She knew I would come back to Elmira; that was what I wanted her and I to do.  So when I left, she was free and clear of the boys and me, so she thought.  Although we have no contact with her and the boys know she is their mother...well, I guess they are content with Clara and me, although I am sure they are not grasping that fact and hardly even speak of her. So Clara and I figure if someday they want to discuss their mother, we will do our best.”  He said with a shrug, then leaning toward John, said, “she is every male's fantasy, John.”
Then adding, “after Clara and I were married and knew I was sterile, we raised them as our own. Clara agreed with me to keep it between us that is about who their biological father is, but-and that is a big word; at a recent Lacrosse game, the two Brians met.”
John's insides were burning.  “What happened then?”
Ormsby swallowed, “they thought it was coincidence they resembled each other, saying it is true everyone has a twin.”
“How did Ann Logan find out?”
“I suspect her son Brian told her he found his twin.  Women are smarter than we sometimes give them credit for.   When Ann saw a picture, one of those team type photos, of my Brian and her Brian, she grew suspicious at their resemblance. Since I was so excited when Helen became pregnant, I mentioned to the Logan's about my having Mumps. And when Clara and I saw the pictures, we, of course, had verification of what we suspected.  I thought for sure we would be getting a call from the Logan's, but I never heard.  Do you think I should approach them?”
“Professor, I don't know what to think, except I was completely fooled by Helen, played by her. I think she married me so she would be able to say she was married to a doctor, one who paid all her bills.
For your information Coach, Brian does not believe your boys are his sons.  Ann, however, is convinced and is leaving him.  We were to celebrate our fifteenth wedding anniversary today, Helen and I, but she and Brian started ahead of me.”  John said, looking away from the professor, his head down, holding his chin in his hand.
After a few seconds, the professor said, “John, did you walk in on something between the two of them.  I mean, they were very good at being discreet and obviously they have not changed in all these years; I am so sorry, John.  The fact of the matter is, Helen has problems, issues, a disorder whatever, and it is not your fault, mine, or the kitchen sinks', it is her.”  He reached over to touch John's hand.  “What happened?”
John related to him about that afternoon and evening, the professor listening without saying a word until John had finished.
“What now John?”
“I am going to divorce her.  Ann is talking about leaving the Coach, and I don't know about what happens to your boys and the other Logan boys; I mean, I think they need to be told.”
The professor sighed, “I know, it is probably time, but how, when, where?  I don't know if I have enough intestinal fortitude to tackle that situation or whatever we can call it.  Any suggestions?”
“How could one woman do so much harm.  I don't know what to tell you, but talk it over with your wife, and then with Ann and Brian if Brian can grasp it all, and well, it is not going to be easy.  As for me, ah, I will sort it out in my mind, so, well, let's leave it at that for now.”  He reconsidered what he was going to say because he never felt this kind of rage for any human being as he did toward Helen.
Chapter Thirty Coach Brian Logan
Brian left the doctor's and Helen's house, driving to his in-law's home to see if Ann was there, but Ann's car was not there, then drove to his home, and Ann's car was not there either.  He phoned his mother.  “Mom.”  His speech was hoarse, almost a whisper.  “I need to see you. Are you busy now?”
“What is it, Brian you sound terrible. Are the boys and Ann okay?  Are you okay?”
“Please, Mom, they are all okay; it's not them; it's me.  Oh, Mom, what have I done?”
“Get over here, Brian, and we will talk about it.”  Stella hung up the phone, wondering if her youngest son had killed someone, robbed a bank, or committed some kind of felony.  She waited, pacing until she heard his car in the driveway.
She lived in Townsend Place, the home she and her husband had renovated when they were first married, raising their five sons in the quiet small town.  Brian's father was also a coach at the University, and Brian was the only son following in his father's footsteps.  Coach Grant Logan passed away three years ago after coaching his last football game for the season.
Stella was a comely woman, tall at five feet nine, large-boned, but graceful in her movements, her brown hair now, an attractive salt and pepper.  After graduating from college and marrying Grant, she gave birth to their first son after nine months of marriage.  She decided to be a stay-at-home Mom. That was her career choice, she often said, defending her decision to those who questioned her.
Brian came into the hallway, his mother holding the door open for him, and gasped at the look on her son's face.  “Good Lord Brian, what on Earth has happened.  Come on, sit over here.” She instructed him, ushering him to a leather recliner in the living room.  She stood beside him.
He leaned back in the recliner, his eyes to the ceiling.  “Mom, I lost Ann and the boys. I betrayed them.”
Stella sighed deeply, not speaking, letting Brian explain.  “I got caught with Helen.”  He put his hands to his face, his body seeming to convulse with his sobs.
Stella knelt next to him.  She wanted to slap him; she wanted to tell him, you stupid, stupid man.  But seeing his suffering, she gently asked, “where are Ann and Brian and Steve?”
He was choking on his sobs.  “I don't know where Ann is?  She is not at my in-laws or our home.  It was awful, Mom.  I am such a fool.”
“Calm yourself and tell me what happened.  I know whatever it is that Ann loves you, the boys adore you.  And, of course, I love you.”  She wanted to add, 'I told you to stay away from that witch,' but instead, she sat on the hassock close to where he sat, saying, “Brian, you need to calm down and stay strong now, whatever you did can be fixed I am sure.”
He grabbed her hand, “I don't think it is going to be easy if at all to fix it, Mom, I cheated on my wife.  I also found out I have two sons from Helen.  Ormsby is not the father of Helen's boys, I am.”
It was like a shot in the gut for Stella; she let go of his hand and stood up, the hassock moving away from her.  “Jesus, Mary, and Joseph Brian, I want to kick your ass from here to the next county; what the hell were you thinking.”
“I know, hit me, punch me, kick me from here to the next county, please!”
Instead of kicking her son, she kicked the recliner, then, Stella, crying hugging her son's head, “Oh my dear sweet boy.  I am going to leave the ass-kicking to Ann.  Brian, stay here until you have quieted down.  But if I know Ann, she probably is at her church.”
Brian looked up at her, “I think you are right.  But Mom, how do I remedy this, I mean, what do I do?”
“Time, Brian, give it time, and don't give up on winning your family back.”  She said, rocking his head gently, tears in her eyes.
Chapter Thirty-One Ann Logan
When Ann left the Robert's, she had to pull the car over to the curb after turning off their street.  She was in a convulsive state, crying and shaking.  After a few minutes, she willed herself to get into control of her emotions and drove to the Peter and Paul Catholic Church located on the outskirts of the town.  It was a beautiful setting, peaceful and calm due to the tranquil view of the acres of pasture land in the distance.
She did not want to go into the church, fearing she might have to explain her presence there to the priest or anyone else who may be visiting the church.  She parked in an area where she and Brian would come before they were married to admire the view, before they went into the cornfields to neck, not taking the chance of the wrath of God coming down on them in the church parking lot.
She punched the steering wheel, “why Brian, how could you?”  She yelled at the windshield.  She rested her head on the back of the car seat, her insides turning.  Someone knocked on the window, startling Ann.  Ann wiping her eyes with her fingers opened the window, the car still running, she turned off the ignition.
“Mrs. Logan, are you okay?”
“Oh, Laura, I am okay.”  She lied.
Laura was a senior at the high school and worked half days at the TPISD.  A petite teen, her hair so blonde it was almost white.  She was an exceptional student with a cheerful disposition; Ann looked forward to seeing her each day.
“I saw you drive up here, and you looked distressed, are the boys okay and the coach too?”
Tears started to flow, as Ann could not answer the young girl.  “Oh, Mrs. Logan, whatever it is, you have come to the right place.  It is calming here and peaceful.  I am always being teased because I believe I have faith, but to me, I feel like the Lord is always looking down on us, and especially here.”  Laura felt if she could talk to the distraught woman, she might be able to ease her pain. “Sometimes, things are not as bad as we might think.
I love this place, and I come here whenever I need comfort, too, and sometimes just to sit in the church and feel the presence of God, Jesus and Mary, and all the saints too.  Sometimes I light a candle for those I have lost and for those who are sick.  My friends say I should become a nun.  But I don't think that is my calling.  You know we all have a calling; I really believe that.”  As she spoke, she put her hand on Ann's arm, standing outside the car, Laura continued.  “I will leave you alone now.  I know sometimes we are better if we can think through our troubles by ourselves.  I will see you tomorrow at school.”  It was said more as a question than a statement.
Ann took her hand, “Laura, thank you.  I will get through this; everything will be righted; it just takes time.  I will see you tomorrow.”  Ann thinking, 'yes, life must go on.  Dear Lord, give me strength, courage, and wisdom'.  And at the same time, aching to have her arms around her two sons.
Her cell phone rang, it was Brian.  “Ann, I am at my Mom's, I looked for you but I did not find you.  I am so sorry Ann,” there was silence.  “I love you; you must know that...”
Ann listening then interrupting him, “we will keep things as normal as possible for the boys, you stay with your mother tonight, and when you come home tomorrow.. well, you can sleep on your recliner.”  Ann said, shutting down her phone.
Chapter Thirty-Two A Coping Helen
Helen was dressed in the sexiest dress she could find, a black strapless form-fitting dress, to go to dinner with her husband of fifteen years. So, when John turned away from her without even looking at her, she shrugged and went out the door.  No one was going to take away her good time.  She was going to the Three Lake restaurant alone, and enjoy herself.  That is what she told herself driving to the restaurant.
The hostess escorted her to a table, noticing a subtle, provocative scent from Helen.  She asked if the doctor was not joining her since the reservations were made by Dr. Roberts; Helen said, “no, he had an emergency.  It is tough being married to a doctor. Their work keeps them away so much.”
The woman smiled, saying, “I understand.”  But later, when the hostess noticed her flirting with a man sitting in a nearby table with another woman, she shook her head and raised her eyebrows, thinking, 'it takes all kinds, I guess.'
One of the waiters mentioned to the hostess, “you see that sexy lady over there, I never saw her here before, but she is flirting with the man at the other table, his date or wife or whoever left, and he went to sit with her.  Can you beat that?  Of course, why not? She is some dish.”  He said with a wink.
“Don't get any ideas. She's a lonely doctor's wife. So, she says.”
“Not anymore.  They are getting their drinks from the bar and sitting at one of the tables for two away from the dining area.”
“I hope she isn't trouble.”
“What do you mean?”
“Nothing. Forget I said anything, a customer is a customer and their personal habits are none of our business.”  But really thinking, 'I hope that man's date or wife or whatever doesn't come back with a gun or rifle.'
Helen was inebriated and crying when she left the Three Lake restaurant.  Her pick-up had to get home before his wife was off work.  He offered to drive Helen home, but she said she was fine and did not need any man taking care of her.  He was relieved because most of what she said was incoherent to him, and he was glad she had refused his offer.
Helen was driving in the direction of Townsend Place.  The section of the rural road was dark, and she was having difficulty keeping in her lane.
There was a flashing light behind her as she drove, and then it would be to the side, and she could not figure out what the crazy driver behind her was doing.
Then she heard a staccato noise of a siren.  “Oh hell,” she said to herself, with a giggle, “I guess no man can resist me.”  She tried to navigate to the side of the road, instead, she was straddling the lanes.
“Helen, you need to pull over to the shoulder. Do you think you can do that, or should I do it for you?”  Asked Sheriff Beck.  He was on his way back from the Bradley dairy farm where he had been called by the farm manager and his wife to check on a possible poaching in the area, since they had heard shooting on the posted land.
The sheriff having arrived in the late afternoon and knowing it would be dark soon explained to them he would send out his deputy in the morning to make a closer and more thorough investigation of their claim.
Helen got out of the car.  “Go ahead, be my guest.”
“Helen I am going to put you in the prowler there.”
“I don't care, just get me home so I can go to bed.  John is waiting for me.”
“Okay, come on, let's go.”  Once Beck had Helen seated in the back seat of the prowler, he moved her car, called a tow truck, then went back to his car.  Helen was curled up on the back seat, asleep, her shoes off and on the floor, and, with part of her bare chest exposed, the long dress wrapped around her bare legs.  Beck shook his head at the sight.
After waiting for the tow truck and securing Helen's purse from the floor of the car and her shawl from the front seat, he drove her to his department and put her in a holding cell to keep her until the next morning, instructing the sergeant on duty to keep a close eye on her. “You want me to phone her husband?”
“I tried their home and got an answering machine, and his cell number did not connect.  He is probably at the hospital.  She will be okay in the morning; she can contact him then.”
Knowing everyone in the small-town, Sheriff Beck gave Helen a stern warning that the next time he would press charges and take away her driver's license.  And after paying for the tow then using the public restroom, Helen called in sick within an hour before school started and drove herself home.
Not all, but most of John's clothes were gone from the closet, she noticed once she reached the Master bedroom.  She laid on the bed sideways, her legs draped over the side.  Grabbing the pillow, she punched it, then threw it at the closet door.  'He'll come back to me; no man can resist, you Helen, no man.'
Chapter Thirty-Three Beth’s Friend
Beth invited John, explaining to Mia, so she could get a second opinion. Which meant to Mia she was not exactly sure about this stiff, smart, very handsome young man.
John arrived with a bouquet of flowers. “Boy, oh boy, it smells good in here. This is a nice place, Mia. It's like a vacation home all year around. I like those arched entryways.”
“Thank you, John. These flowers are beautiful; they can be our centerpiece on the dining room table. You did not have to do this, not that I am not glad you are here, but I appreciate your coming for Beth's sake.  I don't know what to expect about this special friend of hers.”
“Hey, I can't pass up your spaghetti and meatballs.” He said, rubbing his middle.
“C'mon, I will show you the rest of the house.”  She said, grinning at him.
The first floor was the kitchen at the back of the house, an arched ceiling at its entrance from the short hallway, separating the front living room, and a curved, half-hidden staircase to the left of the front door.  Adjacent to the staircase was a master bedroom and bath, with a half bath in an alcove under the staircase.
The dining room, going toward the back of the house, was open to the living room with an arched entry from the living room and also from the kitchen. A study was next to the dining room with pocket sliding doors. Upstairs were two master suites with bathrooms, and like the downstairs master suite were walk-in closets in each bedroom.
The unusual part of the house was the kitchen. Mia wanted a large pantry and a white pine wood island across from the sink and the refrigerator, with a butler's pantry adjacent to it and a large gas stove to the opposite wall.  She at first wanted French doors, but Chris Tanner suggested a large picture window instead.  She agreed, saying that would make it easier to have her kitchen table by the window with a view of the trees in the background.
She and Chris Tanner had a tough time working a plan satisfactory to Mia because everything Mia suggested he found some reason why it would not work. Finally, with Jim's down-home approach, he convinced the two to compromise, helping it come together, as Jim put it, “without any blood being shed.”
The exterior was a stone front and brick that resembled stone around the sides and back of the house.   A detached garage with a covered walkway led to the back door, which housed Mia's old pickup truck, still usable. Rhododendron bushes hedged the sides of the house, with rose bushes in front of the entrance to the covered porch.
The front doorbell rang as Mia and John were descending the stairs.
Mia opened the door with a smile, which slowly disappeared, seeing the displeased look on Beth's face.  Mia did not think Tyler Lofton was all that handsome, but acceptable, no obvious defects, “come in, welcome.” Mia hugged her daughter as Beth whispered in her ear, “he already ate Ma.”  And walked over to John, hugging him in greeting.
“I am Mia, and this is our friend Dr. John Roberts it is nice to meet you, Tyler”.  He was inside the door, shaking Mia's hand. Then shook John's hand as well.
“Man, you sure do live in the boonies.  Sorry, I already ate, but I really came to talk with you, Mrs. Malone. Is there somewhere we can talk?”
Mia in her counselor mode. “Yes, there is, but first I think we should have our dinner; I was going to wait until you and Beth were here before I put on the pasta; you might like to....”
“I did not want to disappoint Beth, but I am not that fond of spaghetti and meatballs. He said without expression.
Beth took a reluctant John's hand and directed him into the kitchen. Mia stood next to Tyler.
“Yes, Beth told me you have already eaten.” Telling herself, 'I can handle this punk.'
“I was assured by my daughter you were looking forward to the meal, but I guess she was wrong, come with me; we can go into the study to talk.”  She turned, walking through the dining room to the study, he following, Mia closing the pocket doors once they entered.
She signaled him to sit in one of the two red leather wing-backed chairs beside the white paneled built-in bookcase.  She almost thinking he was getting ready to sit behind the Oak desk.
Mia moved her chair so she would be facing him.  “Go ahead, what is on your mind.”
“I will be blunt and to the point. I want to marry Beth, but I don't want us to have one of those big expensive Italian-Irish weddings.”  He paused, waiting for Mia to speak.
She nodded her head, he continued. “I want to use the money you would spend on a big wedding to give us as a wedding gift. I need at least fifty thousand for Beth and I to start out our lives together. I am to go to Stanford University next semester, and I feel that will get us started while I am doing research there; Beth can work a part-time job.”
“I see.”  Mia thought, if Jim were here, I do not think he would have made it this far into our house. “Do you love Beth, Tyler?”
He smirked, “I wouldn't be marrying her if I didn't.”
“Do you love her?”
“Of course, I do.” He declared, not sounding convincing to Mia.
“Beth will be in her last year coming next semester. Can this not wait? You’re going to Stanford until she finishes?  Have you and she talked about this, the money, the going to Stanford, and when are you going to ask her to marry you?”
Showing his exasperation, he answered, “Mrs. Malone, I am asking you about the happiness of your daughter.  She can finish college any time after I am through with my research.”
“What research is this, Tyler?”
“Environmental, you know how important that is, with global warming and climate change.”
“How were you going to provide for my daughter once you are married, finished with your research, and living in California?”
He ignored the question, answering, “I cannot do any of this without your assistance, and I think it wise of you to contribute to your daughter's happiness.”
“Are your parents alive?”
“Yes, what does that have to do with it?”
“Are they willing to finance your endeavors once you marry Beth?”
He bowed his head for a second, then looking at Mia, explained, “they don't have that kind of money, plus they are older and, well, I don't have that kind of relationship with them that Beth has with you.”
“Let me be blunt, and to the point; there is no way I can consent to giving you any money or consenting to your marrying my daughter; however that is her decision.” She stood. “I would advise you to leave, since you already ate, go out the way you came and go straight down this street, in the boonies, and turn right on to the main road.”
“I don't understand.” He stood.
Mia opened the doors to the study, motioning with her arm that the conversation was over.  And as they passed through the dining room, Mia saw the table was set and could hear John and Beth in the kitchen.  Tyler walking past her to the front door.
“Beth, can I see you for a minute,” Mia said after she escorted Tyler out the front door.
John and Beth were sitting at the kitchen table, coffee cups beside them.
“Sure, Ma, did Tyler leave?”
“He did.”
“What is it Ma, you look so solemn,” Beth said once they were seated in the study.
Mia held Beth's hands in hers, “Beth, you know more than anything your happiness is most important to me; you don't you?” Beth nodded.  “So, tell me, just how do you feel about Tyler are you madly in love with him?”
“No, Ma, when he pulled that stunt about eating before he came here, and then I think he is seeing someone else besides me, I am almost sure he is, well and another thing he wanted me to pay for his apartment rent when I refused to let him move in with me.  I thought he was special, but now I am not so sure. Mom, I am so sorry I brought him here; he had me fooled, I will tell you that.  So, I say good riddance.”
Mia sighing “thank goodness, because I told him to take a hike. He wanted you to quit school, marry him, go to Stanford, and I finance the whole thing in lieu of a big wedding, while he studied climate change and you work a part-time job.”
“How much money does he want? I can't believe him; I give up my life for his.  He never mentioned that, although he mentioned wanting to go to Stanford next semester.  Besides, he told me he was going to study genetics.”
“A con man in the making.  He wanted fifty thousand dollars.”
“What an ass.” She stood, as did Mia hugging her daughter and wiping away tears of relief, Mia said. “Let's eat.”
John had made the pasta, and Mia put on the finishing touches.  Ella showed me how to do the pasta like you showed her”, he said, happy with himself.  “You know I was not going to let that punk kid in here, and I don't think Red would have let him pass the threshold with that smug look on his face.”  Mia nodding in agreement.
Beth saying, “you got that right.”
They heard sirens while they ate. The fire station was not too far from there.  But Mia said it sounded like a police car and an ambulance.
They were finishing up their dessert, and Mia and Beth were cleaning up in the kitchen, putting the dishes in the dishwasher, and John in the study browsing through Mia's small library of books. There was a knock on the back door; John came out with a book in his hand and, laying the book on the kitchen wall shelf, answered the door.  It was a policeman.
“Hope I am not bothering you all, but I am looking for Beth Malone, fiancé to Tyler Lofton.” He, the same height as John, in his mid-twenties, blond hair in a crew cut, brown eyes, a clean-cut looking young man. Mia and Jim knew him and had known his father; they were with the local police that serviced this part of the rural area adjacent to Townsend Place.
Beth, with a worried look on her face, addressed the policeman, “I am Beth, but Tyler is not my fiancé.  What happened to him?” John stepped away when Mia approached them.
“Come in, officer Kirk, how are you?  What happened?”
“Mrs. Malone, so sorry to intrude, but Tyler was in an accident and blames it on you,” he said with a smile, “you told him to go straight down the road, so he went straight and hit the utility pole at the curve in the road.  He insisted Beth is his fiancé and wants her to see him in the hospital. Truth is, he was going too fast, and well, he broke his leg and totaled his car. I don't think it is a bad break; so far, the doc in the ER said he would only need a cast.”
“‘Which hospital, the one in Townsend Place?”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
Beth looked to Mia.  “I will go see him, although I don't want to, just in case he needs something.  I came here in his car. Would you be able to take me there, Officer Kirk?”
“David Kirk, sure I am off duty in an hour. I will be happy to take you there.” His face reddened, smiling at Mia, “Is that okay with you, Mrs. Malone.”
“Yes, David, I appreciate that, and Beth can call when she is finished there, and one of us will come for her.”
“Did you say, David Kirk?  I am Dr. Roberts. Do you remember me? Your parents brought you to me a couple of times for routine check-ups.”
“Yes, of course, I remember you; you look different without your blue lab coat. Nice to see you again, sir.”
“You too, especially all grown up.”
Chapter Thirty-Four Officer Kirk
Officer David Kirk waited for Beth in the hospital ER.  When Beth went to the nurses' station to ask if she could see Tyler Lofton, there was no objection, the Unit secretary informing her his finance was visiting with him.
Beth did not respond and, hesitating a moment, went to his room.  Softly knocking on the door then entering when she heard a familiar female voice say, 'come in.'
Tyler was in a hospital bed, with Beth's best friend Mandy sitting alongside him on the bed.  Beth thinking so, that's his fiancé, wondering who was going to pay for the ring and their future.
Mandy came from a rich family; she was a so-so student who liked to socialize more than study; she was always the homecoming queen or some kind of beauty queen all through twelve years of school together, and now college.  Mandy rose when she saw Beth.  Her blonde hair perfect, her make-up perfect, and her pant outfit perfect.
Beth had always admired Mandy, now wondering if she knew what she was getting into with Tyler.
“Congratulations, I hear you two are engaged.  How are you doing Tyler, you look chipper, I was asked to come by, so I am here if you need anything.”
“Oh, Beth, so good to see you.  Tyler and I are engaged.”  Mandy announced.
Duh, Beth thought, no kidding, I just congratulated you.
“I am doing okay; Mandy is here now, so all is well with me.”  A cold response.
“Well, good, then see you around campus.”  And she left the two staring at her as she walked out the door to his room. She noticed a bandage on his forehead, thinking it must have been an injury from the accident.
Officer Kirk was waiting for her. “That was fast; you didn't have to hurry on my account.”
“I didn't; his fiancé was there.  Who was once my best friend?  She is welcome to him.  You did not have to wait for me, officer Kirk, my mother will come for me, you....”
“I am off duty, I just have to check out at the precinct, and I will be happy to take you wherever you want to go.  Of course, if that is alright with you.  Call me David.”  His smile accenting his boyish face.
Oh my, Beth thought to herself, should I?  When she hesitated to respond, David said, “so, is that okay with you?”
“Yes, David, that is very kind of you; I want to go to my apartment; it might be out of the way for you.”
“Nah, no problem.”
As they walked out of the ER, Beth asked, “did Tyler hit his head in the accident too?”
“A, well no, he accidentally hit his head getting into the patrol car while we waited for the ambulance.”
“I imagine he was overwrought at the time.”
David looked over at her, “more like obnoxious, saying he was going to sue the Malone family like it was your mother's fault he hit the utility pole while speeding.”
“Did you give him a ticket?”  Beth bit her lip to keep from laughing.
Chuckling, he said, “I sure did.  And told him the utility company will probably want him to pay for the replacement of a damaged utility pole.”
Watching Beth and Officer Kirk leave, John looking at Mia teasing, “I think I saw some sparks there, and I can tell by the look on your face, you did too.”
“No comment.”
John laughed, “I will get these forms mailed out on Monday, priority mail.  Good, you were quick to get your passport picture, so we should be all set.”
“Can't they ever have these seminars in the states?'
“Yeah, I am sure they have something similar here, but probably only in the more prestigious universities, not open to the public or other professionals.  This will be good, or at least it looks like it should be from the information I received.  Most speak English, I am sure, so it should not be a language problem, at least I hope not, since my Italian is rusty.”
“I wish I could speak Italian, but my language was Latin in school.”  She gently poked John in the ribs, “a dead language, at least we did not have to speak it, how easy is that. C'mon, let's have another cup of coffee unless you want tea?”
 “No coffee will be good.  Lucky for Tyler, I was here to supervise you two.  Just kidding.  I thought you handled him very professionally.”  He patted her hand.  They were sitting at the kitchen table, looking out the bay window beside it, their view, a forest of evergreen, with Hickory and Oak trees bordering the spacious back yard.
“This is a nice place, Mia.”  He said for the third time.
“Thanks, John.”
He rose and walked to the shelf where he had laid the book he found on the bookcase in the study.  “Have you read this?”  He asked, sitting down and handing her the book.
“No, I never did, although I have been wanting to read it. Mia's story,” She read the title, “it is about my great great great Grandmother Marie Elena, but when her younger sister had trouble getting all that out, she called her Mia.  My grandmother told me that, but I never read the story.”
“I'm in it.”
“Oh, John, how can you be in it?”  She shook her head at him.
“Well, your great great great grandmother married a man named John Roberts, although his name was John Anderson Roberts.  My middle name is Anthony. Pretty close.” He smiled at her.
“Yes, I remember now that you say that, my great great great grandfather was John Roberts, but like you say, his middle name was Anderson.  He was a lawyer.  It is an incredible story in a sense I wonder how much is true.  But they did have oil wells.  That I can attest to.”
“As far as I know, I do not have relatives from Texas.  Lots of things were going on in Texas at that time; it should be interesting. Can I borrow it?”
“Really, you want to read it?”
“Yeah, I love Westerns.  I promise I will return it; I know how you feel about letting any of your books out of your sight.  I will guard it with my life.”  He said, hugging it to his chest.
“You better.  Sure, go ahead, then you can tell me about it someday.”
“That's a deal.”
Before John left, Beth phoned to tell them David Kirk would be taking her to her apartment. She related her hospital visit with Tyler and of his other fiancé, and she was done with him.
After cleaning up the few cups and dishes in the sink, Mia sat on the sectional sofa in the living room she had for all these years.  It was reupholstered before she and Jim furnished the house eighteen years ago. She faced the fireplace, her feet under her, staring at a photo on the mantel of her and Jim, their wedding day photo. She looked down at the knotty Pine coffee table that she had since her first apartment.  Her mother had it in the basement of Carl's house; Mia's father had made it.  She was surprised when her mother said she could have it, and when she married Justin, she put it back in her stepfather's basement.  Carl brought it to her when she moved into an apartment after leaving Justin.
So much time has passed; she had hoped those memories would have gone too.  Tyler's arrogant behavior reminding her of Justin brought up an ire in her she thought was hidden forever. If she had told John how she felt toward Tyler, he would have teased her about going primitive. The thought lightened her mood.
She looking at her and Jim's wedding photo on the mantel and said to it, “I guess life goes on, Jim.  I love you and thank you for all the happiness we shared.”  It was her mantra every time she looked at the picture, which was at least once a day.  However, between the sheriff, then-mayor, the Malone clan, and raising of a young daughter, there was very little private time for them, up and until Beth moved to an apartment by the University only a few fleeting years ago.
Chapter Thirty-Five The Seminar
They boarded the plane at nine in the morning and arrived in Florence, Italy at six in the evening.  John wanted to rent a car, but it was getting complicated with the Italian trying to speak English and John trying to understand it.  They opted to take a bus there instead, arriving at eight-thirty to their assigned cottage.
There was not enough time for them to shower and change clothes, so they hurried to the hall where the introductions were taking place.  The session had started at seven o'clock.  There were at least one hundred people there, they were told by the greeter. Their name tags were on the table as they entered, Signor Dr. Roberts and Signora Malone, then they were quickly ushered into a crowded auditorium.
They sat in the back of the small space, just as the introductions of the speakers were coming to an end.  One of the organizers approached John as they were leaving the auditorium, Mia waiting in the lobby for John since it seemed it was some secretive message to be delivered to John.
John joined Mia with a silly grin on his face.  “It seems as though we have the only cottage with two bedrooms, so we were asked to let a Polish couple stay there with us.”
“When is this?”
“They are due to arrive later this evening. It was a last-minute request, and they felt they needed to honor it.  Sounds to me,” he whispered to her, “they messed up somehow and are desperate because one pays ahead of time.  But there is always a chance I could be wrong.  Sorry, Mia I could not refuse them.  There are two beds in the front bedroom and one in the back one where you were going to sleep, so we will have to bunk together.”  Seeing the look on her face, he let out a loud laugh.  Heads turned in their direction and Mia smiled, nodding at them saying, in a low voice, “not funny John.”
They were given a schedule of events for the following day.  There was a table with snacks of cheese and crackers, some fruit, and wine, no water.  Mia had brought bottled water with her, but it was in her tote at the cottage.  After staying what they thought was a respectable time mixing as best they could, mostly nodding and smiling, they went to the cottage.
Mia put her suitcase in the front room, John still giggling.  “I think I am punch drunk.  I am still hungry and very tired.  Do you want to stay up and wait for our guests to arrive?”
“I don't know what to do, John. I suppose we could do that. What time are they arriving, did you say?”  Mia plopped down on the couch; it sank.  John tried not to laugh but was unsuccessful. Mia put her head back on the couch, laughing along with him. After a gut-splitting session of laughter, it diminished to faint giggles. John helped her get off the couch, as they went into the front bedroom to get their things put away, take their showers and wait.
By midnight they were too droopy-eyed to wait for their guests, deciding to call it a night locking the door to the cottage.  The beds were comfortable, the sheets clean.
Mia mentioning to John, once in their beds, that they were so rushed and coming in late they did not see much of the landscape.  The brochures showed hills leading to mountains and beautiful sunsets and sunrises.  John did not answer her, already asleep. Mia falling asleep with that thought.
John awakening abruptly, looking toward Mia, noticing she was awake too, whispering, “what is that smell.”
“I think our guests are here.  They are cooking something.  What time is it, John?”
John leaned over to the bedside table where he had laid his wristwatch, saying with a groan.  “It is two in the morning.”
“Try and get some sleep.  Did you hear them come in this morning?”
“No, I was fast asleep.  But I am awake now.”
“Not so loud.  I did.  I think they were trying to be quiet, but they had the giggles, sound familiar?”
“Very funny; I am going to ignore the smell, use my Zen, and do not want to be disturbed until seven.  Capiche.”
Mia chuckled, “good luck.”
 Mia and John were up and out of the cottage before seven, going to the reception hall where they had been told would be a Continental breakfast.
“Coffee, all I want is coffee.  Who is the speaker today, John?”
“There are three of them, all supposedly on Neuroplasticity.  I am looking forward to it.”
“Me too.”
By the time the third speaker had finished, they both realized that nothing was new, and nothing new learned.  It was a good review of what they did know about the brain's ability to rewire itself, and that satisfied them.  The different accents and broken English were sometimes difficult to follow, but the presentations were well done.
There was a lunch in the lobby, where they were introduced to their roommates. The woman was well-endowed, as tall as her husband, who looked to be five feet six inches, rotund, with a cherub face and thin blond hair. They were look-a-likes, a perpetual smile on their faces.  Their English, heavily accented, but all in all, they seemed pleasant people.
The next day was to be workshops.  Mia asked John what he thought about that, and maybe they could go sightseeing instead.  She had read, in one of the pamphlets, where there were tours of the countryside and olive groves.
“Let's do the morning session and then schedule a bus tour after that.  I will call the number there and see what we can get.  How's that?”
“Good idea.”
They walked around the grounds, admiring the landscaped lawns and views of the hills and mountains surrounding the resort, then sitting on a low level stone wall next to the cottage.  The weather was pleasant during the day.  At night the air was cool and dry.
“This is relaxing here, John.”
“It is.”
“Let's stay for the sunset and then get inside.”
“Good idea.  I haven't seen our cottage mates, yet have you?”
“No, maybe we can sneak in there before them.  Ha, ha.”
John had a serious look on his face, saying, “I apologize, Mia, I am not happy about this arrangement, so if things don't work out tonight, I suggest we go to Florence tomorrow after our tour, get a hotel, so we won't be far from the airport.  What do you think?”
“Yes, I agree, been kind of thinking the same thing myself.”
“Good.  I wanted this to be, well, less complicated than it has turned out to be.”
“John, it is fine; it's beyond our control.  It has been interesting meeting these people knowing they think the same way we do.  I had hoped for newer information, but they are probably in the same boat we are in.  There is nothing new out there yet.”
“Yeah, I guess not.  I don't know what the workshops are going to reveal but, after thinking about it, I have to be honest, I've lost interest in it.”
“Well, what time is the tour?”
“According to this pamphlet, there is one in the morning at nine and one in the afternoon at two. First come, first served.”
“Then let us go to the one in the morning, come back here, get our things and go to Florence.”
“Are you sure? I don't want you to miss anything here.”
“No, I have had enough; besides when will we come to Italy again,” she shrugged her shoulders, “let's take advantage of the time here to see as much as we can of this area.”
John smiled, “okay, I wanted to make sure we were on the same wavelength.  That is exactly how I feel too.”  He took her hand as they walked the short distance to the cottage.
They gingerly sat down on two comfortable-looking easy chairs in the living room. With an end table between them, they turned on the lamp on the table, studying the map in the touring pamphlet.
Around nine in the evening, the Polish couple came in, greeting them with a wave and a smile.  The man's name was Joseph and his wife's Sophia.  Joseph asked if they wanted to share some wieners with them.”
Mia and John smiling back, replied almost in unison, “oh no, we are full,” and rubbed their middles to emphasize the fact.  Mia would not look at John, but she could feel him looking at her. “Dorme,” signaling with her hands to her cheek, they were sleepy.  That brought a roar of laughter from Joseph and Sophia as Sophia took out a pan and put it on the stove.
John groaned.  If it had been possible to get transportation out of there that evening, John would have been gone.
The odor from the kitchen was not entirely all Sophia's fault, the ventilation was poor in the cottage, but that was not all of it.  It was the Polish radio station, Mia guessed, they, probably thinking the sound was low enough not to bother the two, only a few feet away from the living room and kitchen; John did not respond.
“Use your Zen, John.”  She said as she muffled her laughter in her pillow.
“Stop it, Mia, or I am going to hit you with my pillow.”
She knew he was smiling even though she could not see him.  How could Helen have treated this good-natured, kind, and easy-going man as she did.  Mia shook her head.  Apparently, Helen was one of those who used men, the good ones, that is.
The tour bus was more a van than a bus, but it was sufficient for traversing the curved paved roads surrounding the countryside.
They took pictures, separately and with the two of them together, with the aid of their fellow travelers. Mia was enthralled with the trip, which made the trip more enjoyable for John.
The one hotel in Florence that had a vacancy was a one-bedroom suite available with a pull-out bed. John scratched his cheek, looked a Mia, “you can have the bed.”
“Maybe we should toss for it.”  She teased.
“This is too small for you John, I will be fine here,” Mia said in reference to the pull-out bed that was actually a Futon.
“It doesn't look big enough for either one of us.  But I can fit.  It is only one night.”
Mia shook her head, “If you say so.”
They had a small dinner at a cafe around the corner from the hotel.  A glass of water was scarce and ice scarcer.  Mia asked for hot tea, realizing their espresso coffee was too strong and not ideal for a good night's sleep.  “Don't they use water for coffee, John, why is it so hard to get a glass of it at any of these places?”
“They must use recycled water and boil it before using it.  I think I read that somewhere.”
“Oh, okay.”
“Thanks for looking over the essays of my book for me Mia, I appreciate that; I knew if there was something not right, you would find it and point it out to me.  I have been meaning to thank you for that.”
“No problem, when is it going to be published?”
“Within the next month.”
“Congratulations, and good luck with it, John.  It is very informative and an easy read.”
“Let us hope so.  I put your name as a research consultant.”
“Ah, how nice.”
John started to say something, then blushed, and dismissed it by a wave of his hand.
“What, John, what is it?”
“I have been asked to consider running for state senator, conservative senator.”
“Oh my gosh, who asked you?”
“Dr. Knoll, some of his cronies, political ones that is, they think I am unblemished and would be a perfect candidate since I also have a law degree. What do you think, Mia?'
“Good golly, you have my vote, but are you sure you want to get into that racket?”
“Was it that bad when Red ran for sheriff and mayor?”
“No, the people loved him; he was their native son, and of course, the 'perfect candidate,' but the politics is rough, John.”
“So, I hear, and I may be naive, but it is like giving back, you know?”
“Yeah, that is what Jim thought too, and he was successful, but state senator, that's a whole different ball game. Hey, John, it is up to you, I know you; once you put your heart in something, you give it your all, but I would think with being a pediatrician and working with DWB, you have done your share.”
“This is different.”
“You got that right.”
Chapter Thirty-Six Return from Italy
They breakfasted at the airport; John said he was going to be permanently traumatized by his fight with the Futon all last night.
“I hate to say I told you so, but not really, I told you so. I think you are right, John; this water must be recycled; it looks a little yellowy if that is a word.”
John laughed at the look on her face. If something was not right with Mia, she either clammed up or scowled.  When she was excited, that was the best display of arms waving and eyes flashing; no one else could match.
“Maybe you will get some sleep on the airplane, John.  I am going to try and catch a few winks myself.”
“You were snoring all night, Mia, don't tell me you did not get any sleep; I am a witness.”
She shrugged her shoulders, widening her eyes, “Me, snoring, I am innocent, I tell you.”
“Tell it to the judge.”  He said with a smirk.
It was a bumpy ride over the Atlantic, like a long carnival ride one wants to get off.
Ella was waiting for them at the airport, hugging and kissing them as though they had been gone months.
“Beth wants us to meet at the steak house by the university if you aren't too tired, that is.”
John answered, “Sure, we could go for a good meal with real water.”
Ella looked puzzled. Mia explained.  “You had to be there, Ella; your father is a wit.”
Neither one would ever refuse time with their daughters.  Ella and Beth were like sisters; from the day they met eighteen years ago, they had formed a permanent bond.  For Mia, it was like having two daughters.
Beth was waiting at the table for them.  Signaling with a wave, hugging and kissing them when they approached her. “You look great, all rested?  How was it, was it what you expected?”
Sitting, John said, “who are you calling rested?”
Mia smiling, “John is traumatized.”
“Oh no, Dad, what happened?”  Asked Ella.
Beth asked too, “good Lord, John, what happened?”
“I am messing with you; it was an adventure or something like that.”
Beth said, “with you two, I am sure you had a lot of fun together.”
The waitress took their drink orders.
“John will give you his version, and then I will give you mine,”  Mia said with a wide grin.
“You are right, Beth; we had a good time, have pictures coming so you can see for yourselves.”
Beth and Ella smiled at him, both happy to see the two together, especially Ella, who had wished this all her life.
It was a lively dinner, laughing and teasing each other.  And when John imitating and explaining the Polish couple in his mimicking style, Ella and Beth laughing so hard they were begging for mercy.  When they left the restaurant, they were still giggling.
Beth drove her mother home while Ella and John left together.
“Golly Ma, you look happy.”
“Yeah, I had fun. We did not learn anything new, but it was still interesting.  You know I am convinced we on this Earth are all linked Beth. I know you think I am wacky when I talk like this, but even with different languages, we think alike and are concerned about each other.  It amazes me, that's all.”
“I know Ma, that is cool, always the optimist.”
Hmm. Mia wondered, is that the same as saying I wear rose-colored glasses.
Meanwhile, as Ella was driving her father home, “did you tell Mia about your being asked to be senator, Dad?”
“Yes, I did, she said it was up to me, but I don't think she was too keen on my getting into politics.”
“But she would support you if you did, right?'
“Sure, she will, would.  Ella, I did not talk to her about anything else, we went there for the seminar, we had a good time, almost like old times. She's a good friend.”
What did he mean 'did not talk to her about anything else,' Ella thought to herself, maybe there is still hope?  Would she be playing the piano at their wedding?
Chapter Thirty-Seven Marty
Marty had left a message on the answering machine, wanting to verify if Mia was 'still up for lunch on Friday.
Mia decided to phone her after she finished unpacking.  She, Penny, and Liz made a pact, as they called it, to go to lunch, just the four of them at least once a month.  They had become friends and confidantes.  Mia marveled at the three.
It was Marty's message that started Mia thinking of the Malone family.
Marty the strongest of them, from Mia's estimation.  Liz, cured of her cancer, took over her life, not bothered by her parents' issues, Joe patiently helping her get through her own issues with her parents.
Penny was now the Director of Nurses at the hospital, and Jack as sheriff his election a 'shoe in,' as Jim described it.
Jeff was still detective and was content with his role in life.  Mark had a football scholarship at Arizona State, and after one year, quit college, went into the Army air force as a mechanic, married a girl he met in college and went to work and live in Arizona.  No one had thought of him as a motorcyclist, but as it would happen, his wife's father owned a motorbike store making Mark a store manager.  Mark fit right in, tattoos, bandannas, leather jacket, and cycle boots, along with his mechanical expertise.
Luke was a chemist at a power plant in Upstate, New York.  He, with a live-in girlfriend, Maggie, was a father of two, a girl and a boy.
Megan, a lawyer in Albany with her lawyer husband Bret Collins, no children yet, both working in the same law firm.
Joel, into artificial intelligence, living and working in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  He told Mia the last time he visited, it was not like work to him; he loved what he did.  He traveled to different states displaying his company's product at RV shows and fairs.  He dated, but nothing significant yet.  He was as handsome and charming as his father, as Megan was kind, thoughtful, and down to Earth as her mother.
Marty related to Mia how she and Jeff were able to put their marriage and lives back together.  “I think I owe it to you Mia because you were the one who nailed it for me. That day I followed you into the BBQ place; you said you thought he was angry.  It was like, duh, ya, that is it.  Of course, it did not dawn on me until I thought about our conversation later that day.
When I finally got up the courage and told myself not to get emotional, although I did not think it was possible, I asked Jeff to sit down across from me at the dining table.  The boys were out somewhere.  Mia, I did not think I had the strength to do it, but it was like our lives depended on it. And you know what else, Mia, when you said my family must be interesting people, you were, or I should say, are right.  They are, and I love and respect them, although when I was younger, their behavior was embarrassing to me at times, but you know, that helped me for some reason gather the strength to confront Jeff. I can't explain it.
Jeff's family, especially his mother dying, at a young age, I don't think he ever got over the loss of his mother.”  She took a deep breath.
“I sat across from him looked him into his baby blues, telling him I was sorry he was unhappy living with me and that I loved him and probably always would, but we can't go on like this; it is not a good atmosphere for the boys.  I love them too, and they are my responsibility; I think we should separate, but I am not leaving our home, nor am I giving up my boys.  You don't have the time for them, and I have arranged my life around their needs and their schedule.  I also thought I was doing the same for you.  Apparently not.  He just looked at me, then put his head down and said he did not have anywhere to go. I said, then go to a counselor, go to someone who will listen to you and your concerns objectively, Jeff.  Mia, I was so proud of myself, I did not think I could pull it off.”
“Well?”
Marty smiling at her, saying.  “He knew what the problem was, and it was not me.  It was him.  And he promised he would go to a counselor; they were available at the precinct for those who needed one, he told me.  So, Mia, he went to one, and apparently, it helped, but he did not want to talk about it; he said it was top secret.  I did cry then when he told me that because I knew I had my Jeff back.”  Mia smiled to herself, thinking about that day and how she and Marty had become friends.
Being with John was like they were continuing where they left off, before Helen and Jim.  Mia sat on the bed in the Master bedroom, stared out the window, sobbing, missing Jim, and feeling guilty being with another man.  What were Marty, Penny, and Liz thought of her going off with John so soon after their father-in-law's death.  She hugged a pillow.
Hearing the phone ringing, she quickly wiped her face with a tissue to answer it, clearing her throat, “hello, John.”
“Mia, how are you feeling, you okay?”
“Yes, I am fine; why do you ask, you aren't sick, are you?”
“No, no.  I am fine too. Your voice sounded hoarse. Why I called is Dr. Knoll is having a dinner party tomorrow evening; I wondered, well, hoped you would be available tomorrow to accompany me to it.  It is late; these people do everything in the dark, I think.  I really would like you to meet him and some of the other folks there.
“Is it a formal thing?”
“Yes, I mean, no gowns or tux, but ya know, Sunday going to meeting type wear.  Meaning I have to wear a shirt and tie, kind of thing.”
“How late?”
“Around seven.”
“I should be back to normal by then, I guess, sure, I'm kind of curious about those 'pol' friends of yours.”
“Thanks, Mia; I want them to meet my co-author, plus get your take on these people. They seem legit, but Ella calls me a Pollyanna.”
“Well, we make a team, because Beth calls me an optimist.”
He chuckled, “I will come for you about six-thirty; they live in the ritzy neighborhood, with other doctors, bankers, and lawyers, around the university.”
“Okay, John, see you then; get a good night's sleep.”
“Looking forward to both you and a good night's sleep.”
Mia pondered his statement for a minute, asking herself, why did she not hesitate, tell him she would think about it.  Ah well, too late now.  She phoned Marty to confirm their lunch date on Friday.
Chapter Thirty-Eight Dr. Knolls Party
The three-story Tudor-style house was on a cul de sac, Hickory, Oak, and Spruce trees lining the street.  Hedges as fencing between each neighbor's house.
An iron-wrought gate to a concrete driveway was opened for their guest’s arrival.  Italian Cypress trees regally graced each side of the Knoll driveway, where cars were parked, two Lexus and one Cadillac.  John's deep red Yukon a little outclassed.
She had a hard time deciding what dress to wear; most were out of style. Her daughter had told her, “Ma, you've had these clothes forever, don't you think it is time you bought a new wardrobe and maybe think of wearing a different style.  Spend some of your money on you for a change.”
Finally, she decided on a princess style light wool navy-blue sheath with a bolero jacket, navy blue heels to match, and a navy-blue purse dyed to match the outfit, which she had worn for Jim's retirement party and a couple of semi-formal occasions she and Jim were invited to while he was mayor.
John was distinguished looking with his tall slim frame, graying hair wearing a navy-blue suit with a striped blue tie to match and low-heeled black boots.
“We look like twins, John.”
“Yeah, more like we blend, don't stand too close to me, or no one will see you.”
Mia laughed, a menacing expression on her face.
They were greeted at the door by a young man introducing himself as Tom Langley's fiancé to Dr. Knoll's daughter Kathy.  They stood in the tiled foyer, he, shaking John's hand, “nice to meet you, Dr. Roberts, I have heard so much about you, and you are Mrs. Malone; everyone is in the front room.” And with a smile, he ushered them into a spacious room.
To Mia, it had a theatrical appearance, like a setting for a play. They passed a curved staircase on the right of the foyer, and to the left was an elevator.  A glass octagonal-shaped lamp hung from the high ceiling in the short hallway.
The guests were seated or standing beside white leather couches perpendicular to a large stoned fireplace, drinks in everyone’s hand.  Dr. Knoll, looking like the main character, distinguished, tall, square body, with gray hair, brown eyes, wearing a white velour smoking jacket and black suit trousers, came over to greet them, “Come in, John, Mia, let me introduce you to everyone.”
“Thanks, Phil,” John said and handed him a bottle of Drambuie, Mia insisting they bring it for the host and hostess.
Mia had never met him before; I guess he assumed they had since he did not introduce himself to her.
A delicate-looking, white haired woman, walked toward them, then standing beside her husband, Dr. Knoll introduced her as his wife, Joyce.  “Joyce, this is Mia Malone; you already know John,” he said with a chuckle.
“Good to see you again, John, and very nice to meet you, Mia.  I knew your husband, Red, of course, since I grew up in Townsend Place. He was a good man; I am sorry for your loss.  Come on in; we will be serving soon.”  She had a kind smile and taking Mia's hand with John and Dr. Knoll following them into the living room.
Joyce was as tall as her husband, with ice blue eyes with porcelain skin, Mia envied. Her black silk-like dress, revealing a straight back, dipping to her waist.  What looked like a diamond necklace and earrings, with a large diamond wedding ring adorned the rest of her costume.  The women they were introduced to wore black or black with white dresses adorned with gems on their necklaces and earrings.  Like Joyce Knoll, they were shod in low heeled slipper-like shoes.  Mia wondering when that fashion fad had come about.
The first couple was the Sterling’s, Grace and Jeremy; he was a lawyer, politician.  Grace wore a black sheath with a black scarf print with red flowers draped over her shoulders, a large woman a little taller than her husband and almost as wide. Jeremy wore a black suit with a deep red ascot type tie. Dr. Sidney Folkes and his wife, Lucy, Lucy, a small blondish gray-haired woman with light gray eyes and a nose that almost touched her upper lip. Her dress was a simple black with a white collar and cuffs on the end of her long sleeves. Her husband was also in a black suit with a red and black striped tie, rotund, white-haired who probably played Santa Claus at Christmas time. Dr. Betty Hodges and her husband, Larry. Dr. Hodges being an economics professor at the university, a striking woman, model-like, with straight black hair, dark brown eyes, wearing a charcoal gray dress with a revealing slit on the side of its skirt.  Her husband was a councilman, a handsome man with blonde graying hair, light blue eyes, and an athletic build.  Mia later learned he was once a star on his college football team.
Evelyn and Eliot Cunningham were from Townsend Place and owned the town bank.  Evelyn always elegant looking and her husband handsome and distinguished, both in black, Evelyn, in a collarless black dress, with a pearl necklace and pearl earrings, which Mia was certain were real pearls.
Mia knew Eliot since she had her accounts in his bank; he was a sweet, caring man, every customer being special to him.  Except for his lovely wife, who maybe a little pretentious, he seemed to be the only one who was not role-playing.
They were ushered into the dining room, along narrow room, with a large star-design crystal chandelier hanging above the long table. The elegant Mahogany furniture was a set of dining tables, chairs, and credenza. The mauve-painted walls emitted a soothing and relaxing atmosphere. Mia thought maybe she had been too quick to judge them; this was their world, built to suit their tastes and ambitions. Nothing wrong with that, she thought to herself. Just as they were about to be served, by a temporary maid service she had learned, Kathy and Tom stood at the doorway to the dining room waving goodbye, Joyce waving back announcing they were going out with friends.
The Knolls sat on either end of the table with each guest, sitting across from their mates.
Stuffed, de-boned Cornish hens, with potato au gratin, asparagus, whole cranberry sauce, rolls, and butter were served in bone China plates.  Red wine in crystal glasses were refilled after one sip.  Water was also refilled the same way.
After dinner, Dr. Knolls announced that coffee and dessert would be served in the living room for the ladies while the men retired to the study for their postprandial.   John shrugged at her at that announcement; she raised her eyebrows in response.  Something was bothering John; she could see it in his demeanor.  After dinner, the men went into Dr. Knolls' study to discuss their strategies. They discussed that Jeremy Sterling, a politician, and lawyer, would be competing with John for the seat.  The favorite candidate being Sterling, with John lagging behind, only giving the appearance of being a competitor.
That was not what John had expected, wanting it to be fair competition and the best man win, realizing of course he was not a politician like Sterling, but expecting that all would be fair and above board.
The ladies sat on the white leather couches, stretching over to an antique white coffee table in front of them in order to reach their coffee and petit fors.  Mia had two sips of wine, one at the beginning of their meal when Dr. Knolls made a toast and once with the meal.  The wine was too dry for Mia.
The coffee was delicious, Mia thinking it was probably due to it being in the bone China cup. Mia complemented Joyce on her lovely house and the great meal, thinking to herself, this is the life.
Lucy Folkes complimented Mia on her wedding ring and her earrings.  “Thank you, this was Jim, Red's mothers' wedding ring, one she designed herself, and the earrings are from Red's children, a gift from them on my fiftieth birthday; they match the ring.”
“They are lovely,”  Joyce replied.
The women talked about their children and grandchildren and the weather, and then, Mia, not knowing who or what they were talking about, asked, “when did that happen?”
Joyce answered her with it was 'Julie,' on one of the soap operas.  Mia, smiling, sat back, relaxing and watching and listening to the ladies as they gave their opinions on what Julie, Sid, and other characters should have done and how terrible so and so was treated, and so on.
Two hours later, after hearing a raucous of laughter coming out of the study, the men emerged.
Mia stood, Lucy and Dr. Betty rose as well, obviously ready to say their goodbyes.  Mia hated to think it, but she thought Dr. Knoll's action to go into the study and separate the men from the women was a bit chauvinistic, 'here I go judging again', she said to herself.
Everyone was cordial in their goodbyes and hoped to do this again soon and so forth and so on that Mia thought they would never get out the door.  Most of the men listing a little, and the women attempting to ignore it.
Once in John's car, Mia said, “well, what is going on John, you don't look too good there.”
“I did not drink anything, Mia, I had a half glass of wine, and that was all I could muster it was too dry for my liking.  I had coffee in the study, while some had their cognac or whatever. And of course, I was teased about it and about you.  Which, if you must know, chapped my hide. What a....., and because I am a gentleman, blank, waste of my time.”
“Oh, John, what happened in there?”  Maybe it was the male thing, but there were times when he reacted just like Jim when upset.
“Oh Mia, I am so dense sometimes; why is that?”  He had driven out of the cul de sac and was on the main road heading in the direction of Mia's house.  “Damn it, Mia, they want me to run against Sterling, and at the same time, contribute to his campaign.  In other words, they use whatever money I raise for my campaign to put it all together for both of us, but essentially, since I am not as experienced a politician as Sterling, they would be putting more into his campaign and endorsing him.  A lot of, you know what was going on in there.”  His face was red, and he was gripping the steering wheel so tight, Mia was afraid he would snap it off.
She put her hand on his arm.  “Relax, those bozos are full of it.  You don't need to be a politician to win an election, and if Sterling is running, you need to beat him; the state and country need someone like you, not that farcical bunch of so and sos, so there.  John, I know people who can assist with this.”
“I thought you did not want me to get into politics, and what is this 'bozos' thing.”
“That's Malone vocabulary, there are more where that came from, but seriously after witnessing what I witnessed tonight, John, you are the best man for the Senate.”
“I have a problem, Mia.”
“What, you changed your mind?”
“No, and don't give me that tone.” He said, teasing her, “I will tell you once we get to your place.”
“Oh God, John, don't do this to me.  I can't wait, tell me now.”
He laughed, “be patient, besides you might not agree.”  She gave him a sideways glance.
Chapter Thirty-Nine A Proposal
“You know John, they are different kind of people from us, I mean, nothing wrong with that it is just a lifestyle thing, choices we make.  But I did enjoy myself; at first, I thought they were a little pretentious but, hey, whatever works for them.  Politics is a tricky business; even with Jim, being so popular as sheriff and one of the original Townsend Place residents, he still had competition.  He did not think it was so important for him to be the Mayor of Townsend Place, but when he saw how his opposition was conducting himself, he was determined to win.”
“I don't know why, maybe hubris, but I know I can win.”
“Yeah, go for it.”
“I know it is late, Mia, but I need to talk with you.”
“C'mon in, I may lose some beauty sleep, not that I can afford it, but for you old buddy, I will sacrifice it.”  She gently punched his arm.
“You were the prettiest one there, Mia.”
“I always liked you.”
Once they were settled in the living room.  John spoke, “I will run for the Senate, and I will talk with Phil, once he is sober enough, and Sterling, advising them I am a competitor, I made up my mind as soon as they suggested that idiotic plan; to me.”
“What did the others think, did they say?”
“No, except for Eliot, they were all into the cognac and half caring about the political conversation.”
“Did Eliot express his views on it?”
“He started to, but Phil cut him off, and Jeremy ignored him.”
“So, what is the problem?”
“Us.”
Mia sat up straight, turning on the sofa, staring at John, who was sitting sideways next to her.
“Us, John, what does that mean?”
“I love you and want to marry you; I do not want to go into my next phase of life without you, Mia.  I should have... well, I should have done a lot of things, but will you marry me?  I know it is not quite a year yet, since Jim, I mean....” He paused.
Mia's heart-pounding, looked into John's eyes, gentle, sweet John.  It was so natural being with him, almost the same as with Jim.  She took both his hands in hers, “John, I care for you, but I am still in love with Jim, I mean...”
“I know it is hard.  I still think about my first wife, Ella's mother.  I still have feelings for her and miss her too.  But she is not here anymore, and neither is Jim.  I don't mean to sound uncaring for your feelings for him, I don't mean it that way, but as we both know, life is too short.  Mia, I want to be with you always, for as long as we have on this Earth.” He was pleading.
She withdrew her hands, putting her hands to her face.  “I thought you were going to ask me for money to finance your campaign.  I did not expect this.”
“Before my parents were killed in the car accident, they invested in good stocks, so that is not an issue for me, but Mia, if you need time to think about it, I understand.”
“Hold me, John.”
Chapter Forty Marriage and Back to Italy
They were married in a civil ceremony, and afterward would be living in Mia's house, where they had a family celebration, since Tony's pizzeria was sold, and Tony with his wife had retired to Arizona. As many Malone's who could make it were there, Megan, Ella, and Beth, Marty and Jeff, Penny and Jack, Joe and Liz with their youngest, Jimmy, also nicknamed Red.  The other two sons, Matthew and Peter, were in college out of state, and the oldest, Darren, was in the Marines stationed in South Carolina.
John thought since they did not get to see much of Europe while in Italy, they decided to have their honeymoon there and, at the beginning of the new year, get down to the business of campaigning.
On the last day of their honeymoon, the day before they were to return home, Ella called, “Dad, I have sad news.”
“What is it, John?”  Mia asked, seeing the expression on John's face once he hung up the phone.
“It is Helen; she is dying of cancer, only a matter of days.  I told her to inform Professor Ormsby to help get her personal things in order and make funeral arrangements when the time comes.  Apparently, she is involved or was with Eliot Cunningham's son Mark, and he is staying with her until one of us can relieve him.”
“Oh, I am so sorry.”  She said as John slowly sat down on the hotel bed.  “How did Ella get involved with this?”
“Dr. Jerome called her in to do lab analysis on the biopsied cells.”  Mia had put her arm around his shoulder, he patting her hand.  “I always thought of Helen as a free spirit, when actually I think she was a lost soul, hurrying to live her life.  Do you think Helen knew she would have a short life, Mia?”
“I have often thought that same thing, John, when people die younger than expected.”
John and Mia returned to Townsend Place in time for Helen's funeral, Ella introducing them to the Cunningham’s, she, not realizing they knew each other and introducing them to Mark Cunningham.  Both John and Mia noticed there was a connection there.
Mia whispered to John, “man, what a cutie he is, those eyes, John,” she pretended to swoon, “so dreamy, where were they hiding him all this time, I thought I knew everyone at the bank.
“I thought I was your cutie.”
She laughed, poking his arm. “You are my number one cutie.”
Mia made her rounds at the shelters, which she did periodically during the year, and helped with arrangements with the volunteers for the free thanksgiving dinners to be served to those in the shelters and whomever else was in need. She and John served in the early part of the day on Thanksgiving, which was held in the local high school auditorium.
Mia had set up the toy drive for Christmas with the local law enforcement in the county and Townsend Place, which would start the day after Thanksgiving up to the day before Christmas, which had become a tradition in Townsend Place.
Mia and John had their Thanksgiving, in the evening, at the Cunningham’s, Evelyn happy with the announcement that Ella and Mark were engaged, as well as ecstatic to have a potential senatorial candidate for an in-law.
As they were driving home from the Cunningham's, John made an observation, “don't you think they are going a little too fast here?  He was referring to Ella and Mark. “I mean, they have only known each other, what a couple of months.  I don't know Mia?”  He scratched his head.
“I think Ella knows what she is doing; they are not teenagers anymore, John.”
“Yeah, well, still.”
“Hey, some couples go together for years, get married and still split up, have faith.”
“Oh, I got plenty of faith in my daughter; it's him I am not so sure about.  He seems like an okay guy, but... she is a few years older.”
“About two years, that doesn't mean anything.  They will be fine.”
It would be six months before elections, but as soon as the holidays were over, John and Mia were ready to start campaigning and making arrangements for Ella's upcoming marriage to Mark in late January.
Ella sold the house she was raised in since the couple had decided to build in a new section of the upscale homes near his parents' house.  Mark's parents consented to keep Ella's Spinet until they moved into their new house, while in the meantime, Ella was living with Mark in his one-bedroom apartment.
One day as they were getting ready to leave for a holiday party John came out of the study with a book from the bookcase about Mia's great, great, great grandmother.  “You have to read it, Mia; it sounds like you.  The men in her life were nothing like Jim or me, but maybe a little of both of us in her lawyer husband.  But it is really the wild west.”
Mia smiling at him, saying, “I wondered where you were; it sounds like me, very funny.” He raised his eyebrows, handing her the book.  “I don't think I have time to read it right now.” Thinking to herself, 'what is it with him and this book?'
“No, I know that, but you should read it.”
Mia gave him a puzzled look.  “Okay, put it on the desk in the study, and I will read it as soon as I get the time,” thinking maybe in the next century.
They were interrupted by a phone call from Beth asking if it were okay if she and David could visit with them tomorrow evening, they would bring pizza and wings.  “Sure,” Mia said after conferring with John, “sounds like fun; what's up?”
Beth did not answer the question, saying, “good, great, see you tomorrow around six.”
When Mia hung up the phone, John said, “are you thinking what I am thinking?”
“I don't know; what are you thinking?”
“I will let you know if I am right tomorrow at six.”
Mia wrinkled her nose at him.
Chapter Forty-One The Engagement
David hugged Mia as a greeting every time he saw her. Both were flushed face and grinning when they sat down at the kitchen table, with the pizza and wing set up on a sideboard next to the table.
“We are so excited about your upcoming campaign John.  And Ella's wedding too.”  Beth apparently the spokesperson for the two of them.
David nodding in agreement.
“That's nice, thanks, but there is a lot of work to do.  But without this pretty lady here, I don't think I could get through it.”
Beth gasped, as did Mia.
“What, what did I say?”
Mia chimed in, giving Beth a signal with her eyes before Beth could respond, “nothing, John.”  Mia and Beth remembering that was exactly what Jim had said while he was campaigning for Mayor.
David looked at John, and John looked at David, both shrugging, deciding to steer the conversation in a different direction.
“Mrs. Roberts, I mean Mia, Beth, and I are engaged.” He swallowed.
John was about to put a wing to his mouth, dropping it on his paper plate, smiling, saying, “I knew it, I knew it.”  The silence was deafening.
Mia, looking from one to the other, said, “when did you decide this?”
David did not think he should say anymore, and Beth giving a deep sigh, answered, “Mom, we decided on this at the beginning of Christmas week.  There was so much going on, and we wanted to be able to tell you and John first before we announced it to anyone else. I am going to finish my senior year, and we will live in David's apartment after we are married, and I will continue with my career choice of forensic science, and all will be well.”  She explained with a flourish of waves and hand motions.
“Have you decided on a wedding date?”
“Yes, Mom, during Spring break.”
David was still unable to speak.
John just kept his eyes on everyone, analyzing the temperature in the room.
Mia rose, Beth rose, “come over here, David, so I can give you both a big hug.”
With that announcement John stood, David went to his future mother-in-law and the four of them hugged, Mia weepy-eyed, John wiping his eyes with a napkin, David smiling from ear to ear, and Beth smiling and crying, going around the table hugging David, then John, then her mother, finally sitting down, clasping David's hand.
After the hugging and handshaking and congratulations were finalized, they commenced eating; Mia asked, “did you tell your parents yet, David?”
“Not yet we wanted to tell you and John first, and tomorrow we are going to their place and bring deli sandwiches.  We have our rings picked out....”
Mia interrupted, “John and I have our own wedding rings, and although I wear your grandmother's ring on my right ring finger, I always thought I would give it to you when the time came.”
Beth took her mother's hand, “Oh Mom, are you sure?”  Beth could hardly get the words out.
“Very sure.”
David said, “that is great.  I mean we… well we will um, what do you think Beth?”
Beth was crying and could not speak.  John was smiling, and Mia was wiping tears.
John reached over to David, putting his hand on his arm, “it is okay, David, you will get used to it.  I think Beth is happy.”
Ella and Mark had a beautiful wedding, Ella, with her grace and elegance, wearing a white satin dress, no veil, instead a white pillbox hat, and high-heeled white cloth shoes. John proudly escorting his daughter down the aisle of the local Episcopalian Church.  Beth, the maid of honor in a deep red similar styled dress.  No other bridesmaids.  Mark with a college friend as his best man.  Ella carried a white orchid bouquet, and Mark wore an orchid in his lapel.  Simple and elegant.
It seemed like the whole town attended the wedding ceremony.  The reception was at a hotel in the city, with invited guests. Ella playing a few dance tunes on the piano to entertain her guests while the small band took a break.
In between weddings, John and Mia campaigned.  The polls were in Sterling's favor, in the beginning, which they expected, and throughout most of their campaigning.  The Hodges, Cunningham's and Folkes abandoned Sterling deciding to support John instead.  Mia told John not to worry about the polls, convincing him he would win over Sterling.
Beth and David were married during Spring break, and again almost the whole town came to the wedding ceremony at the town's Catholic church.  Beth, like Ella, wanted a simple wedding, but unlike Ella, Beth wanted to be married in a wedding gown with a veil.  Her gown was a white silk, without a train, and a white silk headpiece with a short veil. David in dress uniform.
Megan was her matron of honor and one of Beth's college friend as a bridesmaid. David's best friend as best man, and the usher, Liz and Joe's youngest son, Jimmy.
They wanted a small reception, nothing fancy, so Mia put up tents, hired a small band, making a dance floor out of laminated flooring on the lawn in front of the band.  The catering was from a local restaurant, and the wedding cake was made by Sarah Ferguson, who is renowned for her handmade specialty cakes at a local grocery store in Townsend Place. And the best present of all was the weather cooperated, and it was a cool, sunny day.
Megan's husband Bret Collins and their new baby, Penny. Mark and Luke, and their families, Joel, Peter, Matthew, and Darren with his new wife, each saying nothing could keep them away from Aunt Beth's special day.
Marty's parents were unable to attend since they were greeting a new grandchild in Colorado.  Mia had met them at Joe and Liz's wedding and found them to be delightful, happy, and seemingly well-adjusted people.
Jack, Jeff, and Joe teasing David how he was a big, brave cop, but nothing could prepare him for a Malone woman.  Marty, Penny, and Liz, the designated greeters.  And Ella and Mark, directing the guests to the food and drink tables.  
The Cunningham’s Evelyn and Eliot pitching in with attending to the younger ones as though they were the Pied Piper.  Mia and John overjoyed at the turnout, seeming to them as one big reunion.  Mia saying, “if it wasn't a wedding, one would think it was a block party.”  Widening her arms, “a big block party.”
Chapter Forty-Two The Interview
John had reluctantly scheduled an interview with a local news network to be taped and broadcast the next morning. Since with his busy schedule, he was unable to coordinate with the networks' request for a live interview.
He met with the co-anchor, Rebecca Clark, a young, attractive brunette, wearing a dark blue sleeveless v-neck Aline dress with a slit that went to mid-thigh.  He wore a navy blue suit, white shirt, and variegated blue tie.
Mia pointed out to him before leaving for his interview and, after careful inspection, that the blue ensemble enhanced his blue eyes.
He retorting, “then how do I un-enhance the gray crowding out my blonde hair.”  Mia answered him with a kiss on his cheek.
 “Thanks. I feel much better now.”  He teased, rolling his eyes.
“Wish me luck,” he said, waving to Mia as he drove out their driveway on his way to the news station.
The interviewer sat across from him in a matching armchair.  He felt in control.  Miss Clark was attentive and appeared to be interested in his candidacy.
Her first question was how he met his wife, Mia.
John immediately thought, 'great, she is interested in my life, not my stance on the price of milk.' John started feeling at ease, he remembered meeting Mia as though it was yesterday, “when I first met Mia, I was at a seminar for Pediatric doctors and other health providers and educators, about Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder, at least at that time that was the agreed-upon name by neurological and behavioral scientists.
The Speaker conducting the AD/HD issue was asking all of us, who were sitting around a large round table accommodating twenty-five participants, to introduce ourselves. When it came to my turn, I stood and told them I was a pediatrician and was looking for more insight and knowledge into this disorder in order to better diagnose a treatment for my pediatric patients with AD/HD, especially those with learning disabilities.
Others stood introducing themselves, and many seemed interested in the disorder for their own personal reasons.  I was the only physician. When Mia stood to introduce herself, she explained she was an RN and a math and science teacher and was researching the subject to better educate and understand her students with AD/HD with learning disabilities. 
The speaker asked her how far she had gotten in her research, and Mia explained, 'to the point where I am depressed.'  Everyone laughed at that statement.”  John smiling at Miss Clark.
'Can you clarify,' the Speaker asked Mia?
'Well, I can and can't.' Mia answered. 'The reason being that in my research, and I am sure you have also observed this, that the causes are sometimes hard to pinpoint and the symptoms are pronounced in some but not all with AD/HD so that they mimic other types of disorders.  
John continuing to speak, ignoring the attempts by the interviewer to interrupt him. Mia continued on with the group that was the start of our professional relationship centered around researcher AD/HD.
After the session, I, as everyone else around the table, wanted to hear more about what Mia had to say since the seminar was not all that informative.
Mia smiled and advised everyone to read Biology texts, scientists' and biologists' writings, anything you can get your hands on to answer your questions, it is better you find out for yourself and make your own conclusions.  Because some of what you uncover cannot be proven to be connected to AD/HD.  Sorry but I have to go.  Good luck to you all.' She said and broke herself loose from the group.
I hardly could get a glimpse of her to see what direction she was going in, as the group towered over her.”  Smiling again at Miss Clark, he added, “her friendly personality along with her attractiveness, and as you know she has not changed much, she is still pretty, and trim, fit and smart, and believe it or not no gray hair yet.   But, more importantly to me, at that time, her approach and passion to finding the answers that I was interested in.
I went out the Science building at the Community College where the seminar was being held looking for her, and then I saw her getting into a pickup truck.  I could not believe it, a pickup truck?  I waved to her; she saw me waving once seated in her truck, and waved to me rolling down the window as I approached.  'Sorry to hold you up like this, but I wonder if I could pick your brain, so to speak?'  I thought I was funny, but she looked at me like I had two heads.”  John laughed.  Miss Clark did not respond.
Miss Clark finally managed to interrupt him, as she was running out of time and had more questions she wanted answered.  “So that is how you met and then eventually married Mia?'
“Yes, that is how we met, but it was years later as I said that we married.”  John explained, smiling and wanting to finish his narrative he continued, “while sitting in her truck and me standing by the driver's window, she said to me, 'you're the Doctor, the pediatrician.  I am surprised there were not more of you at the session.  It is a very important topic.  I do have research on it, Doctor; I am sorry, what is your name again?  Oh right, sorry, Dr. Roberts, okay, John.'  My saying 'please call me John' earned me a warm smile.”
'I have to meet some people in a few minutes, but I would be willing to share my research with you because, I know, as a pediatrician, you are one of the first to come in contact with these young individuals.'
John was interrupted again by Miss Clark. “I see that is interesting, and I understand that is one of your concerns for the state to consider is mental health issues, among other subjects, but right now, you are ahead in the polls; what is your thinking on that?”
John was not sure where she was going with this question, answering, “polls are a good indicator for a candidate as to how the public gauges him or her.”
“Yes, and it can change in a New York minute, so to speak.”  She said coyly.  “So my question is what kind of an impact will there be about the scandal between your wife's mother and first husband over the poisoning of your wife's former mother-in-law?”
John did not want to show his surprise at the question, as he had been alerted by his advisers that there may be a 'gotcha' question,  although he was not prepared for this type of question.
He could feel his face redden, answering, “that was a very long time ago, and it was not considered a scandal.  Mia's mother was mentally ill, and no one ever knew what Mia's first husband's mental state was, but he was not a nice person, obviously.”
“Were you aware of the murder?”
“I am not sure what you mean.  But Mia found out about the incident years later, after the fact, I might add, and as for me, I learned about it when we were in Italy at a seminar.  Mia knew nothing about it at the time of its occurrence, and like I said, not until years later, and actually, no one else did either.”
“I heard it was a mob hit?”
“No, you heard wrong, and I would advise you if you are to bring up the incident, it is best you have all the facts.”  He was leaning forward in his chair, and although they were afoot apart, she was leaning back.  “I would rather think of the positives, like the shelters for women who are victims of domestic violence. My wife had renovated and funded and is still funding as we speak.  I am very proud of my wife.”
With a little fluster in her voice, she said, “well, I thank you very much for this interview, and I wish you luck in your candidacy.” She offered her hand, and he lightly touched it.
The producer apologizing, saying, 'we will edit some of those comments out of the interview.'
John nodding and leaving the studio as quickly as he could.
Chapter Forty-Three Interview After Math
After the taping of the interview, John went to his campaign office with a heavy heart, feeling as though he had betrayed Mia and upset with himself that he even accepted the interview, 'how arrogant I am,' he thought to himself.
He wondered why Miss Clark had started out the interview with how he met Mia.  Now he knew, and he fell right into the trap.
His volunteers met him at the door, “how did it go, Dr. Roberts?”  Looking at him with smiles and pats on the back.
He was glum, not speaking, only moving his hand back and forth.  Their smiles left their faces as they slowly walked back to their assigned desks.  Once in his office, sitting at his desk, he phoned Mia.
“John, don't you worry about it.  You did good. I know you did, and the most important thing is you kept your cool, which you always do anyway.  How the heck did she find out about my mother?   We will deal with it.  Just say how tragic and how important it is for all of us to help those with mental disorders.  It will be okay.  And the fact that you mentioned the shelters, you are my hero.
Look, handsome, the polls may go down a smidgen, but with your charisma and my good looks, we got this.”  She reassured him.  “The only thing wrong with you is, next to me, you are too tall.”  She hoped that would get a chuckle out of him, and it did.
After the phone call Mia sat in the living room on the sectional sofa she had for decades, now newly upholstered in a deep green corded fabric.  It had been with her through thick and thin, still in good condition, and even though inanimate, it was like an old friend.   Hugging one of the matching pillows, she hoped this would not be a deterrent for John's candidacy.  'Think positive,' Mia told herself.
The phone rang; taking Mia out of her reverie and tossing the pillow aside, she answered the phone in the kitchen; it was Penny inviting her and John to their daughter Megan's baby girl's christening in Albany this Sunday.  Megan and her husband are lawyers there; this, their second child.
Later that evening, John was still unsettled about the interview.  He knew it was a dirty trick and something hard for him to get used to being in the medical profession when most acted like professionals.  There was politics in medicine too, but John kept a low profile on that subject while he was practicing medicine, and did not engage in any politics around his office or at the hospital, except with Mia.  They would have some lively conversations, her an Independent and in her view, meaning she could vote for whichever party she chose, and John a moderate conservative.  But once John was in the State Senator's race, Mia sided with John, 'good choice.' he teased.
THE next morning sitting, intently, watching the TV  in Mia and John's living room at the taped interview.  The Malones, Jeff, Jack, Joe, and their wives were at their various workplaces tuned into the morning show as well.
“Phew,” Mia said, “that was good, John; I mean, I think you handled it well.”
John did not tell them that the one thing edited in the interview was the word scandal, changing it to incident, whereas the 'mob hit' was not edited out.
Mark, Ella’s husband, agreed with Mia, “you kept your cool and was very professional with the woman.  But, wow, did she have to wear a dress with a slit at mid-thigh. Do you think she did that to keep you off guard? If she did, she lost; you were focused on the face and nothing else.”  Mark chuckled.
John spoke, “I wanted to leave as soon as she sat across from me, showing her shapely leg like you said all the way to her mid-thigh.  Is that mandatory-you think; completely unprofessional.
“It's to keep you off guard, Dad, that is all,”  Ella explained.  “I bet you can't wait until this campaign stuff is over; it can get brutal.”
“David, I think you should put a warrant out for her arrest for lewd behavior during an interview,”  Beth said, teasing her Detective husband.
“I will get on it right away.”
Everyone laughed.  But to put a question out there as to the judgment of a candidate, as to marrying someone with a dubious past, whether fair or not, would, they all knew, possibly take a toll on the campaign.  It was hard for them to know what to say to John and Mia because it did not come over in the interview as positive and obviously was not meant to.
“We will handle this, these things are bound to happen, but we will plug along and keep it positive,”  John said to reassure them.  He was appreciative to know with Mia and all the Malones, he had a good support group.
Seeing the interview and the negative way it was presented to the viewing audience was not going to deter him from his goal of becoming Senator, or in any way would he disappoint his supporters, especially the farm communities that were in need of honest representation.
And he knew the people of Townsend Place were behind him ninety-nine point nine percent because to them, he was part of the Malone family, and no way would he let them down.
John had gone to the campaign office, Mia staying home telling John she would meet him later and bring lunch for everyone.  The phone rang while Mia was in the kitchen, taking the dishes out of the dishwasher.  It was Claire Boyle; at the same time, John's private phone in their home office was ringing. Mia deciding to let the call go to the answering machine.
Claire was the daughter of the late Jimmy Donatelli and the late Sarah Ferguson, who had been the specialty baker at the local grocery store. They had been long-time friends to the Malones, and Claire's father was the brother to the retired police chiefs Anthony and Peter Donatelli.  Claire, a teacher along with her husband Charlie, taught at the local high school her husband at the junior high.
“Claire, so nice to hear from you.  How are you?”
“Upset.  After seeing the interview, the whole town wants to tar and feather Rebecca Clark.  Something has to be done about her, Mia.  I mean, that was ridiculous.”
“Oh my.  I have been thinking of calling her and talking with her, so I will do that.  Tell everyone I appreciate their support, but all will be well, just a little glitch.  I will get back with you, Claire, on this.  Tell everyone to stay calm.”
“All I can say is the news station's phone has to be ringing off the wall.  Okay, Mia, I will wait to hear from you before we bring out the tar and feathers.”  Claire said with a giggle, a sense of relief in her voice.
Mia chuckled, although she was moved to hear how the town had responded to the interview. “Thanks, Claire, and I will get back to you.”
Their private phone in the office was ringing, and it was Uncle Phil, John’s uncle sister to Aunt Isabella.  Mia let that go to the answering machine too.  'My, my, she said to herself, never expecting this kind of reaction from the town.  One of the calls on the answering machine was Rebecca Clark.
Chapter Forty-Four The Meeting 
Mia made an appointment with Rebecca for two in the afternoon. She wanted time to bring lunch to the campaign office. The office was inundated with phone calls from not only Townsend Place but Syracuse as well. John was a well-respected and liked pediatrician in the medical center in downtown Syracuse.  When Mia arrived, all she saw were smiling faces.
When Mia told John what Claire had told her, he gave her a super watt smile, saying, “I never would have thought of tar and feathering, umm.”
“Uncle Phil called at the house because he said he could not get through here, so you might want to call him when you get a chance, John.”
“Yes, I will do that in a few minutes.  Thanks, Mia.”  He said, giving her a kiss on the cheek, his emotions stirring with all the unexpected support he was receiving from the town and the city.
Mia touched his cheek, saying, “John, it is amazing.  Looks like all will be well.”
“MRS. ROBERTS thanks so much for seeing me on such short notice.”  Rebecca said.
“That is quite all right, and you can call me Mia.”  Mia was dressed casually in tan slacks and a white crew-neck cotton shirt.  As was Rebecca, with black slacks and a red cotton blouse, sans makeup.  Mia marveling at her clear, smooth skin.
They were seated at Mia's favorite deli in the city, both having coffee.  They were the only ones there, and the staff did not bother them, seemingly happy for the lull.
After an uncomfortable pause, Rebecca asked, “I need to clear up my statement about you and your mother; I-er apologize apparently, I was misinformed.”
Smiling, Mia explained, “unfortunately, you were.  Rebecca, it is a sad story to tell, but the truth is my mother, and my first husband did poison my mother's neighbor and friend and my first husband's mother, my mother-in-law, and friend, also.  A terrible sick thing to do.  All for an insurance policy Justin's mother had left her son.
It was two hundred fifty thousand dollars.  I have to tell you, I knew my mother was different but never suspected she was mentally ill, not to that extent anyway.  Years later, when my mother and her husband went to Daytona Beach, it was revealed what the two had done.  You see, my mother and I were never close, not until I married Justin.  And then it was not me she was interested in it was Justin, as a son.  She wanted a son.  So when I left him, she disowned me, moved to Daytona, stayed for a while with her sister there, and then eventually moved to stay with a married couple in Daytona.  And according to my stepfather, who came back to Syracuse to live out his final days, told me my mother was happy there, although he did not like the lifestyle.
After my stepfather left her, the couple tried to help her get an apartment and a job.  She was not capable of doing either and ended up in a homeless shelter.  I cringe at telling you this, Rebecca because it is a heartbreaking story.  Suffice to say, she changed her name to the people she had been living with, but ---because Justin gave her fifty thousand of the two fifty, the treasury department was looking for their tax money and finally found her at the shelter.  She thought they were the police coming for her because of what she and Justin had done and confessed to them about the poisoning.”  Mia paused, took a deep breath, looking at Rebecca, who seemed to be holding her breath Mia saying to her, “take a deep breath, Rebecca, breathe. That's better.”
“So how did they know, I mean, did they believe her?”
“They exhumed my mother-in-law's body and found traces of poison on whatever hair follicles were left.  And then they extradited my mother to Syracuse to a mental prison hospital, where she died not long after.  And that was how I was reacquainted with Sheriff Red.  He was the one who explained this to me.”
“What about Justin?”
“That was terrible.  He was a cold case for a long time.  Until Jim Malone became involved.  Jim, Sheriff Red as he was known to the town was sheriff of Townsend Place then, and as you have found out, a Malone is not to be trifled within the town.  John is considered a Malone now because he is married to me.  Anyway, Justin was a compulsive gambler, and he was at a poker party.  The group he gambled with had parties in their homes, each taking turns, sometimes from Friday evening until Sunday morning.
One Sunday morning, after playing poker all night, Justin backed their driveway and ran over the young daughter of the host of the party as she was riding her three-wheel bike on the sidewalk in front of the house.
It was March, probably a foggy morning, and Justin did not see her as he was backing out of the driveway.  He dragged her down the street, all tangled up under his car, not knowing she was there.  When the men from the house and the neighbors tried to stop him he was belligerent, then when they finally got him to stop, he had no remorse and did not even wait for the ambulance or the police.  He was a piece of work.
Jim found out that the little girl was the godchild of Justin's benefactor's wife, Mr. Antonio Bonaponte, and hired some punks to either rough him up or kill him.
You see, Justin was the product of a gang assault.  His mother, while visiting relatives in New York City, who might add was a sweet lady, not to mention beautiful, was attacked.  Mr. Bonaponte was being initiated with the gang but would not participate in the assault and was badly beaten as a result.  And that's a whole other story.  Anyway, he felt responsible and became the benefactor.  His parents found a safe place for him with a family here in Syracuse.
The punks that Ms. Bonaponte hired killed  Justin, breaking every bone in his body as he had done to the little girl.  Jim Malone investigated and found that the wife of Justin's benefactor, as I have said, hired the punks and is now also in a mental institution; she was a cousin to Justin's mother, Veronica.
Jim found two of the men who killed Justin already in jail for something else.  There were three, and the third one had died of what I can't remember now.”
Rebecca sat back in her chair and took a deep breath, not realizing how tense she had become listening to Mia.
“Then why the talk of a mob hit?”
“There was talk that either it was a gang hit to make it look like a mob or mob hit to make it look like a gang.  But it was much too sloppy to be a mob hit, and it had been ruled out because there was no activity like that at the time and to my knowledge still isn't.  And when Jim solved the cold case, of course, it was a moot point.
“I can't tell you my source, but they had it all wrong.  I am so sorry.  I will, with your permission, retract my statement on the morning news tomorrow.  It is a tough lesson to learn; I should have gotten verification; I am so sorry.”
Mia put her hand on Rebecca's arm.  “It is tough to learn the hard way, but the important thing is you learned from it, Rebecca.  And I accept your apology, and I trust you to use your discretion at amending the interview.”
“Thank you.”
The next morning the news station had one of their biggest ratings.
Chapter Forty-Five The Senator
When his opponent said, John did not have the business experience, he reminded the people of his pediatric practice of twenty-eight years.  When they said he knew nothing of the people's needs, he reminded them that in his practice, he learned to respect all cultures and genders.  He reminded his opponent of his time with Doctors Without Borders and the resilience of the innocent victims he cared for, and as a result, the people of his state cheered him on.  These were petty claims, and John almost welcomed them, it seemed to draw him closer to his supporters.
John promised the people he was running for the Senate seat for them, for their betterment as well as for all the people of the United States.  He smiled and joked, and shook hands, and sat and ate in diners and coffee shops in every town and city throughout the state.  It was energizing both he and Mia to see the enthusiasm of the people they came in contact with.  No matter what the opposition threw at John, he approached the challenge in a calm and matter-of-fact way, never disparaging his opponent.
AND NOW, two months before election day, while the polls were in John's favor, an article was published in the Syracuse paper that John had abandoned his third wife, Helen, when she was stricken with cancer.  It was not true, but as politics go, one has to prove one's innocence.
When John read the article, he crunched up the paper and threw it down on the living room floor, startling Mia sitting beside him, working the paper's crossword puzzle.
“What's wrong, John?”
“Did you read this article Mia, I am being accused of abandoning Helen when she had cancer; how could they, it is not true.”
“They are desperate, and they will say anything to get you off the ballot, you know that.”  She said it matter of fact but wished after saying it she had not said, 'you know that.'
He glared at her, “don't tell me that, Mia, you are supposed to be on my side, remember?”
He was gritting his teeth, his face red, his eyes wide with anger.
“John, of course, I am on your side, I apologize for saying anything to upset you, but you can't let them get to you or keep you off guard.”
“So you're telling me I don't know what I am doing?”  He was standing, picking up a throw pillow from the sofa and slamming it back down on it.  “Damn, Mia, you are right I am letting them mess with me.  I am sorry, Honey. I should not have spoken to you like that.”  He said, sitting down and putting his arm around her.
“Apology accepted, but better me than anyone else, John.”  She put her head on his shoulder, hating to see him so upset.  It had gotten tense, the polls were in his favor these past months, and like Rebecca Clark had said so many months ago, 'it could change in a New York minute'.  “It is getting close, and things will get worse, I am sure.  Why don't you ask Miss Clark if you can rebuttal that article?”
“That is a good idea.  I will get on it.  You are right. I can't lose it like I just did, but I am glad I got you for a sounding board.”  He said with a grin.
“Yeah, well, don't get too confident their kiddo.”  She smiled, lifting her head from his shoulder, “so smarty, what is a fish basket called?”
“What are the clues?”
“None yet.”
“It starts with a c, cre, something.”  He knitted his brows in thought, “creel, that's it creel, does it fit?”
“Yup, you got it, Kid.”  Mia continued with the crossword until John left the room and she heard the door closing in their office; then picking up the newspaper, she read the article. “Damn, that is a lousy thing to print.” She knew that John was tired of the dirty tricks and lies from his opponent, but that was politics.  Their private phone was ringing as she knew it would be as soon as the Sunday morning paper was read by John's supporters.
All the votes were in, and the polls closed, and Dr. John Roberts was the Senator-Elect of New York State, winning by a larger margin than expected.  There was a congratulatory party at the campaign office with the volunteers and their families along with Ella and Mark and Beth and David.  The Malones were in wait at Mia and John's house, which once was the home of their father's and Mia's.
The townspeople were having their own celebratory party, driving down the main street, honking their horns, and cheering for John.
At arriving at their home, the Malones hooted and hollered and congratulated John for his victory, staying only long enough to share a toast to the host and hostess.  Jim's grandchildren being that they were scattered around the country had sent their regards via their parents, so it was the Malone men and their wives that joined them.  Jack and Penny, Jeff and Marty and Joe and Liz.
“Speech, speech.”  They demanded.
“What can I say except you have been incredible, not only accepting me as part of the family, but your support throughout the campaign.  I am humbled,”...John was interrupted by a chorus of, 'Hear, Hear.'
Then chuckling, John continued, “hard to believe huh, well, I guess it is hard to explain how I feel about all of you.  For now, and maybe I can say more after my legs quick shaking (there was laughter), I may be able to express my gratitude.  Cheers.”
Later that evening, John and Mia alone in the house that Mia had built, sharing it with Jim Red Malone and now with John.  Mi patterning the interior of the house with arched doorways emulating the design of the older houses in Townsend Place.  Some of those houses being built seventy-five or more years ago.
“Well, my darling husband, you did it,”  Mia said, sitting on the easy chair, her legs propped on the matching hassock, in the office/study/library and sometimes guest room.
John was seated behind the Oak desk, a large window behind him with a view of the forest of trees that bordered the ten-acre property.  
“We did it.”  He said, emphasizing 'we.'  “ Mia, I am going to go through the answering machine and make some of the more important calls tonight before it gets too late.”
“You go ahead, I am going to rest my weary body for at least five minutes; what do you think?”
“I will give you fifteen minutes.”  He teased.
“Everyone was so supportive, John, and I mean you were fantastic.  The way you handled the controversy and negative press, especially in the beginning.  That first interview with the Clark lady, I think that was the first hurdle we had to get over, but you handled it brilliantly.  You aren't listening to me, are you?'
“I am Mia; I think I owe that brilliance to the people of Townsend Place, but what I was more worried about were the ones who were really against me, the ones I thought were my friends and turned out to be our adversaries.  That was the most disappointing to me, and now they are acting like par for the course and no big deal.  I have to make this call; it's Uncle Phil; of all the people, he was my best adviser.”
“Oh, I know too bad he could not be here today; we have to have him over for dinner or take him to dinner when he recovers from his surgery.  Of course, he has Missy with him to comfort him and take care of him.  I wonder why they never married, John, did he say?”
“He said they did not want to spoil a perfect friendship.”
“That sounds like him.  Okay, I will be quiet and let you make your phone calls, give Phil my love.”
“Wait, that is only ten minutes.  You have five more to go.”
“Very cute.  I am going to slip into something comfortable, like my flannel jammies, and be right back.”
Smiling at her as she walked out the door, he slipped off his tie, hung his suit jacket on the back of the desk chair, kicked off his brown leather brogues, and phoned his convalescing Uncle Phil.
John was in the process of another phone call when Mia came into the room; he pointing with his finger at the book on the desk, signally to Mia.
She smiled, taking it from the desk, relaxing in the easy chair, propping her feet comfortably wrapped in woolen socks on the hassock in front of her.
Reading the title on the book cover, she opened the book.  She was rereading Mia's Story, written by Mia Giantelli Roberts' grandson, Joseph Giantelli.  John always been fascinated by the story since Mia's great great great grandmother had married her best friend, John Anderson Roberts.  John telling Mia she needed to reread it, because even though she thought it was an unbelievable story, he insisted her great, great, great grandmother, her namesake and she had similar traits and talents.
It was early morning when Mia slipped into bed beside John.  
“Well, was I right?”
“Sorry, John, I did not mean to wake you, but it was good to go over it again.  We need to remember those who came before us, you know.”
“I agree.”
“But, John, how does a man decide whether to wear a bow tie or not?”
“Good night Mia.”
“Good night John,”  Mia answered.  She laid there wide awake and staring at the ceiling, thinking of that after the holidays, in January, John would be sworn in at the state capitol in Albany.
Megan, Jim Malone's granddaughter, a lawyer, and her husband's lawyer in Albany were eager and enthusiastic with John's senatorial win.  They were going to assist John in setting up his office and staff in Albany.  An apartment or townhouse in Albany was still in question as it was just a little over a two-hour drive to Townsend Place.  Washington D.C. would be a little more challenging than the state capitol; she was sure of that.
Rolling over on her side, saying to herself, 'we will take it one day at a time, Mia, now go to sleep.'
Thank you so much for choosing my book to read. 

I hope that you enjoyed it. I would love for you to provide a review of the book.  Below you will find other books I have written and ways to connect with me.  I appreciate any feedback you can offer either through reviews or by email at dk@whererealityis.com.

About the Author
Marie Rose is an author of dozens of novels and short stories from Crime to YA contemporary to adult beach romances. Check out her Bridget Butler Series, Texas Heart and other short stories at https://whererealityis.com. Find her on Facebook and on her website to see all her books.

She also writes under the pen name Loretta Helms where she has written YA science fiction and YA contemporary stories.  Loretta has also published Dov - Dei- Veritas through the Texas Indie Project to help support libraries and reach the local communities with her stories.

If you liked this book, please take a few minutes to leave a review for it. Authors (Marie included!) really appreciate this, and it helps draw more readers to books they might like. Thank you. 

Connect with Marie Rose
Check our website or social media for the most up to date information
Visit her webpage: https://whererealityis.com/marie-rose
Visit the Where Reality is Blog – Snippets of Reality and Subscribe
Visit the Where Reality is Facebook Page and Follow Us

Also Written By Marie Rose 
Bridget’s Story of Christmas (A Bridget Butler Story)
Bongee’s Rainbow (A Bridget Butler Story)  
I Only Kill Rattlesnakes (A Bridget Butler Story)
Bradley Ordeal (A Townsend Place Story)
It's a Matter of The Heart (A Townsend Place Story)
It's a Matter of The Heart, Too (A Townsend Place Story)
Misty Lake (A Townsend Place Story)
Tender Hearts (A Townsend Place Story)
Where's Denise (A Townsend Place Story)
Not a Good Plan (A Townsend Place Story)- Coming Soon
Texas Heart
Somethings Just Happen - (download for free from our website)
My Stranger - A Short Story (download for free from our website)
Mia's Story (A Townsend Place Story) - Coming Soon
The Blessing of Life - Coming Soon
Route 20 A New Beginning - Coming Soon

