Jackson
The Sons of Dusty Walker Series, Book 2
by
Randi Alexander
“JACKSON”
The Sons of Dusty Walker Series, Book 2
Original Printing 2015
Revised Version Copyright © 2021 Randi Alexander
*~*~*~*
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to place of purchase and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by an information storage and retrieval system-except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed in a magazine, newspaper, or on the web -without permission in writing from the author.

Prologue
The attorney for the late Dusty Walker leaned over his desk and set a folder of papers in front of each of the four young men who sat like a row of penguins in their dark suits and white shirts.
Jackson Walker, one of the four, adjusted the gray tie his mother had strongly suggested he wear. Shock had him speechless—for the first time in his life.
The lawyer’s gaze rested on each face. Was he taking in their similarities? Even though the four brothers had never laid eyes on each other until five minutes ago, they sat silently, letting the man have his fill of staring.
His three half-brothers had to be as gobsmacked as Jackson was. He kept his gaze forward, not ready to look at the three faces that proved his dad had been a rat bastard.
The gray-haired lawyer unbuttoned his suit coat and sat, pushing his wire-rimmed glasses up on his nose. “Incredible likeness. Your father never mentioned it.”
Their father, Dusty Walker, hadn’t mentioned a whole hell of a lot of things, like the fact that he had four sons, each of whom had no idea there were three more just like him in other parts of the country.
Killian sat forward in his chair. “Are we quadruplets? Were we separated at birth?”
The attorney shook his head again. “Absolutely not. “Each of you is your mother’s biological son. You are each about a year apart in age. Mr. Walker…uh…Killian.”
Jackson almost laughed. Since they were all four Mr. Walker, the man must have realized he needed to take a different approach.
“Killian, you’re the oldest at twenty-seven, and Dylan, you’re the youngest. It must be a very strong DNA strand in your father to have produced men who look so similar.”
Besides different eye and hair colors, their faces and bodies could have been stamped from the same mold.
“When I arrived at your homes last week with the news that your father had died, I was under strict instructions to not mention that you had brothers. It was among your father’s last wishes that you learn of your siblings’ existence by bringing you together.” The attorney picked up a sheaf of papers. “I apologize for bringing you to Kansas under these circumstances.”
Jackson had spent the week since learning of his father’s death with his mother, then had made use of the first-class flight from the Pacific Northwest and the limo transportation provided for him by the law firm. When he’d arrived at the lawyer’s office, he’d been shown into a separate office until the attorney, Stanley Benner, Esquire, had asked the four of them to come into his office.
The shock when they’d seen each other kept them all silent, warily watching each other.
The attorney rattled the papers in his hand. “As I told you, Dusty and his wife Theresa were killed in an auto accident. We were told they died instantly.” He looked from one to the other. “So, if there are no more questions, I’ll begin reading the key points in the will.” He waited a few seconds, meeting each of their gazes.
“Yeah, I’ve got one.” Rogue looked at his brothers. “How did he…?” He held up a hand. “Let me rephrase that. Why? Why four families in four different states?”
The lawyer tossed the papers on the desk and laced his fingers together. “Your father wanted to have children, and he confided to me that his wife didn’t want them. This broke his heart.”
“So he went around looking for incubators?” Killian spat out.
“That’s a little disrespectful.” Benner frowned.
“You’re calling me disrespectful?” Killian made a rude noise. “I’d say your client is the one who was disrespectful.”
“She knew about all of us?” Dylan held his hands out, palm up. “His wife, I mean?”
“No, she did not.” Benner’s cheeks turned ruddy. “And I was sworn to silence under attorney/client privilege. I’m assuming that your mothers made you aware of your father’s marital situation?”
One of the men cleared his throat, but no one spoke.
Jackson’s father had spent very few weeks with him every year, and now he—they all—knew why. The man not only had a wife but four families. The time his dad did spend with Jackson was dedicated to grooming his son to one day run the family business, poring over contracts for regional mineral rights, surveying land, and interpreting tests to determine if the acreage had value.
Jackson stared at the law degree on the wall, but his mind spun back ten years to when he’d just turned fifteen, and his mother had let Dusty’s secret escape: Dad had a wife in Kansas. Worse, despite knowing Dusty was married, Sapphire, Jackson’s mother, was Dusty’s lover, which made Jackson a… Shaking away the memory, he focused his attention away from Oregon and back to Kansas.
“So, in the interest of time, I will read the highlights of the will. The entire document is in the folders I set in front of you.” The attorney cleared his throat and read for a quarter of an hour. The details included a grocery list of assets: a mineral and water rights company that boasted assets near five-hundred million dollars, including a private ten-person jet, a storefront in the small town of Red Creek, Kansas, as well as a big house on the outskirts of town.
The brothers sat silent.
“Of course, there are the four houses in four compass points of the US. In the north, Montana, where Killian resides. Texas, from where Rogue hails. Dylan, of course, from Nashville, and Jackson, from Oregon.” Jackson’s gaze flicked to each of his brothers as they glanced at each other, then back at the lawyer. “These houses are currently company property, but your father notes that you four, as the new owners of D. Walker Mineral, can opt to transfer the homes into your mothers’—”
“Hang on.” Dylan stiffened. “You’re saying he left the company to us?”
“Yes, of course.” Benner looked surprised. “I didn’t read that portion of the will because I assumed….” He hefted out a sigh. “The company is now legally in your names, exactly one quarter going to each.”
Dylan let go with a long, low whistle.
Jackson closed his gaping mouth and swallowed. He owned a fourth of a half-billion-dollar company? Hell, he’d always figured Dusty had plenty of money. Their house, which sat a block from the ocean in Bandon, had an unobstructed view of the Pacific from the rooftop deck and stood within walking distance of his mother’s pottery shop downtown. But half a billion? Man, what he could do with a fourth of that. “So, if we sell our quarter?” Jackson said the words slowly, figuring the other three had to be pondering the same question.
“There are repercussions.” The attorney flipped pages. “Ah, here. ‘Heretofore, the parties to which—”
“In plain English, please.” Killian put one booted foot on the opposite knee.
“Of course.” The man set down the papers and leaned back in his chair, placing one hand on his round belly. “The company is essentially frozen as-is for a full year. After that time, if one of you wants to sell, the others have the option of buying you out at half-worth.”
“Half-worth?” Rogue fisted his hand. “Meaning they’d buy me out at a fifty-percent discount?” The guy looked pissed.
“Yes, that’s correct. Your father wanted to keep the company in the family. Wanted you four boys to run it together.”
Jackson could wait a year. He had a sizeable savings account. All he needed was money to get him to rodeos and pay his entry fees. But hell, no matter what his father wanted, there was no room in his life for small-town Kansas and an eight-to-five job. He’d be the first to sell his quarter of the company.
Benner attempted a smile. “However, you are each officially on the payroll, and your first paychecks will be cut the day you successfully complete the one….” He swallowed then cleared his throat. “Stipulation in the will.”
All four of them leaned an inch closer.
“Stipulation?” Dylan prodded.
“To inherit, you must spend a week in Red Creek, working in your father’s office, learning more about the business, sharing with each other what you’ve learned from your father over the years. You must also reside for that week at your father’s house—your house—on Osprey Lake.”
“A week?” Jackson shook his head. He’d be damned if he’d be forced to work and live with three strangers, even if they were blood relatives. “What’s the timeframe here? Anytime in the next year?”
Rogue slapped open his folder and pulled out his copy of the will. “What section is that in?” His words came out clipped.
“Second from the last page. You’ll see that there’s a thirty-day time limit.” The attorney checked his calendar. “Today is August second. You’ll need to decide which week in August works for all four of you and plan to be back here then. Or if this week works….” He shrugged.
Killian tapped his fingertips on his knee. “Dad wants the four of us to live in the same house and work in the same office? For an entire week?”
“Like summer camp for the bastard sons of Dusty Walker.” Dylan mumbled a curse.
Jackson rubbed the spot between his eyebrows. Good. At least he wasn’t the only one who found this situation bizarre. “What the fuck was he thinking?”
Rogue kept reading silently.
Benner’s face turned a dark shade of red. “He loved each one of you, I know that because he took great pains to create provisions to make sure you were taken care of after his death, as you were while he was alive.”
“Listen here.” Rogue stared at the will. “It says we each have to spend a week, but it doesn’t say it has to be the same week.”
“No, it…uh…what…?” The attorney sat forward and frantically flipped through his paperwork.
“I say we each take a week, get this goddamn stipulation out of the way, and figure out the rest later.” Rogue looked at his brothers. “Agreed?”
“Yeah. Okay.” Dylan accessed his phone. “I can stay this week. I got nothin’ goin’ on.”
Jackson grabbed his folder. “I can do the week after.” The sooner he got this bullshit out of the way, the sooner he could get back to his real life. A burst of unease gripped him. Rodeo was his real life? Traveling solo around the country, one-nighters with buckle bunnies, broken bones, and torn ligaments. One hell of a life he’d chosen.
Killian rose. “Sure, I’ll do the third week.”
“That leaves week four for me.” Rogue stood and tucked the folder under his arm.
“Now wait, boys.” The lawyer stood, still staring at his copy of the will as Jackson and Dylan got to their feet. “Your father wanted you all to be here together. At the same time. To get to know one another.”
The brothers stood in a half-circle. Jackson’s gaze dropped to the belt buckle Killian wore, then to the other two brothers’ belts. The exact same belt buckle on all four of them. The one given to Jackson by his father.
“Am I seeing things?” Jackson caught Killian’s surprised gaze.
Killian looked down at his own waist. “Son of a bitch. I can’t believe this. They’re all alike.”
“Kinda fucked up, huh?” One side of Dylan’s mouth curved up. “The old man gave us the same belt buckle like we’d use them to somehow magically find each other.”
Jackson wanted to fling the buckle into the nearest lake and watch it sink. So much for imagining his father thought he was special. Special, like one of a matched set of four.
The room went silent, then, as if on cue, they all turned toward the door.
“Wait.” The attorney raced around his desk and stood in front of the men, his brow wrinkled, his breath coming fast. “Your father’s wish was to have you spend this time together.” His hands fluttered like he didn’t know what to do next.
“Well then....” Killian patted Benner’s shoulder as he strode past him. “I guess he should have had his lawyer write that in the will.”
Jackson bit back a grin. That Killian was a smart-ass, but thank heavens Rogue had the brains to read the contract and get the four of them out of the bunking-together clusterfuck. Dylan—he couldn’t read the kid, but he appreciated how the youngest blurted out whatever came into his head. He almost wished…naw. Fuck, they were complete strangers. Best to keep it that way.
The four brothers left the office, walked to their separate limousines, and left the parking lot.
Then, the fun began.
Chapter One
Jackson Walker stood on the white line running down the middle of Main Street, Red Creek, Kansas, as the sun rose behind him. His shadow grew shorter by the second, merging with his body. As if his deceased father, Dusty Walker, was casting a reminder that his third-oldest son would be walking in his boots that week.
He glanced along the right side of the street where the town stretched out for a few blocks before hitting the open space of the farm implement dealer. Gazing at the left side of the street, he watched the activity inside Cubby’s, where the metal Open sign hung on the restaurant door in this time-warp of a town. He’d eaten breakfast at his father’s…no…his and his three brothers’ massive house out on the lake, but with his cowboy metabolism, he’d be hungry again before the sun hit a forty-five-degree angle.
Next to Cubby’s, and directly to Jackson’s left, lights gleamed from the big main level windows of the three-story building bearing the name D. Walker Mineral Company. Although barely past seven in the morning, the employees were already busy at work, like they’d been struck with gold fever. He wandered that way, ready to start another long day. Today was only Tuesday, and he’d signed on to stay the week, but yesterday, learning the business from the three people who had worked for Jackson’s father, had exhausted him. The massive amount of information he needed to assimilate made him dizzier than riding a world-class bucking bronc.
He pushed open the glass door and greeted Abby, the receptionist/bookkeeper. She winked at him from behind her tall counter and pointed toward the little kitchenette hidden around a corner. “Coffee’s fresh.” Her short, blonde curls bounced as she adjusted her chair. Jackson guessed her to be in her mid-forties, working to supplement her and her husband’s income from their small farm outside of town. Although the company used an accounting firm in Kansas City, Abby managed to keep everything at the office running smoothly.
“Thanks.” He trudged back toward the big office at the end of the hall. Along the way, he passed the four open doors of the other offices, but only one desk was occupied. The specialists worked odd hours, depending on what time zone their current project landed in, and today, Vic typed as he spoke Spanish into his earpiece.
Would Jackson ever get used to this incredible venture he’d ended up owning a quarter share in?
His father’s banged-up wooden desk didn’t look like it belonged to a multi-millionaire. Nor did the worn leather chair. But then, his old man had traveled more than he officed, especially seeing as how he’d been juggling five families around the country.
Kicking the rolling chair back with a little too much aggression, he grabbed at it before it hit the bookshelf. Who the hell did Dusty Walker think he was, starting families wherever he pleased? And when the hell had his dad planned to introduce the brothers? At his retirement party? “Shit.” Jackson would probably never find the answers he was looking for. The attorney, Stanley Benner, didn’t have any clue, or at least he wasn’t talking.
With a long exhale, Jackson unbuttoned the cuffs of his white and blue plaid cotton shirt and rolled up the sleeves, staring out the window at Red Creek, which wound its way along the backs of the buildings on this side of the street. How often had his dad looked out at this view? Had he ever thought of Jackson, wishing he could be out west with his son?
He frowned. With one of his many sons.
A twinge of loneliness hit him. Dad was gone.
Jackson looked in the direction of the cemetery where Dusty and his wife, Theresa, were buried. Or at least, what was left of them after the car crash that killed them both instantly. A good plan would be for Jackson to go visit the graves, forgive his dad, make his peace. But the anger residing inside him at the man’s screwed-up idea of “the perfect family” grated like an old rusty gate swinging in the wind.
He scratched the side of his head, pulling on his too-long hair. He’d always taken pride in having the same dark-brown hair as Dusty. But now, Jackson wished he’d gotten it cut in Oregon before he’d left to come here Sunday night. He’d spotted a barber pole somewhere down a side street. If the August humidity got any heavier and made his hair curl, he’d go get it chopped clean off.
Jackson pulled his phone from his pocket and accessed his email. The one with the flag on it, from his younger half-brother Dylan, who’d been here in town the week before, caught his eye again.
He shook his head. He had a younger brother? And two older brothers? “Strange world.”
Crazy Dylan had suggested they all meet back in Red Creek on the last day of the month, at noon at Cubby’s Restaurant. He’d written something about the town having a lot to offer, the family business keeping his interest, and the people here accepting him like a born-and-raised Red Creekian.
His younger brother had actually used the term Red Creekian in a sentence. Even so, Jackson had no plans to ever revisit this town after his week’s incarceration was up.
No new emails, so he tucked his phone away and took a look at the files sitting on the desk. With a deep breath, he prepared his brain for another day of massive info dump.
Jackson sat in his dad’s chair and opened the top file. West Virginia coal and gas plant production specification codes… The words didn’t even register as English. “Hell.” Jackson didn’t have enough fuel in him yet for this tedious shit. He stood, hiked up his jeans, and walked back down the hall to the small kitchen. Pouring a cup, he spotted a black ringed binder on top of the refrigerator.
He pulled down the book and flipped it open. The first page had a newspaper article about Dusty Walker’s first day as owner of the newly re-incorporated company he and his wife had inherited from his father-in-law. “Huh.” So Dad had changed the company name. And his wife owned half, which probably explained why Dusty had stayed with her, the greedy asshole.
Jackson felt the heat of anger surface again and shook his head. The guy was gone. Wasn’t it time to shove past this pissed-off phase and move on to…moving on?
He scanned through dozens of pages of news articles, the first half from actual newspapers, the later ones printed from online sites, all of them chronicling the rapid growth of the company under his father’s leadership. He had to admit, Dad had a crap-load of business sense.
“Hi there.” The receptionist’s voice reached him from her desk.
“Hi. Is he here?” A deep female voice had Jackson cocking his head.
“He is. Let me—”
“Wait, which one is this, now?” That sultry voice again.
“It’s Jackson, the third son. He’s twenty-five. From Oregon.” Abby didn’t bother to lower her voice. She must not realize he was just around the corner. Or did she know he was there and just didn’t care if she appeared professional or not? “Did you hear about what went on with Dylan last week? You know Zoe Chapman, right?” Abby’s voice went quieter.
“I know Zoe. What happened?” The sultry one sounded curious.
Abby’s voice dropped down to a mumble, and the two spoke for a minute.
Jackson strained to hear but couldn’t catch anything.
“That’s quite a coincidence.” The sexy voice spoke.
“Yes, I thought so, too.” Abby tsked. “So, would you like me to let Jackson know you’re here to see him?”
“Wait, is this the rodeo cowboy?” Ms. Sensual Voice sounded disappointed.
“Yes. That’s him.” A giggle. “Is that a problem?”
Jackson set down his cup and moved a few inches to peek around the wall. His jaw dropped.
Tall, maybe just a few inches shorter than his six-feet, two-inches, even in her flat…red high-tops? Different. Her jet-black hair shone in the bright light as it swung thick and straight, cut just at her shoulders. Her jeans clung to her curvy hips, and she had a booty that made him forget to breathe. The graphic printed T-shirt strained at the press of her full breasts against the front of the material.
He ducked back into the kitchen and swallowed, recognizing the heat rushing through his body as blood racing from his head to his groin. Holy hell, she was the best thing he’d seen in this town, by a long shot.
“I was hoping….” Her sexy voice switched to a long sigh. “For one of the business-type brothers, but I was in Kansas City for two weeks setting up new servers for a startup company, and I really need to talk to one of Dusty’s heirs.”
Jackson took another quick look at her. Yeah, she definitely put a rocket in his pocket.
“You should talk to Jackson. He’s a nice guy.”
Ms. Sensual Voice pressed two fingers between her eyebrows. “It can probably wait until next week. Talk to that one, instead.”
Abby shrugged. “Why?”
Jackson knew he had to make his presence known before the hottie said something that’d make her too embarrassed to go out with him. He grinned. And he would sorely like to take her out. Then take her back home, and spend the night with her. “Because….” Stepping out of the kitchen, he strode toward her, using his sure-hit cowboy gait.
She turned to look at him. Her sky-blue eyes widened, and her cheeks pinked up to a sexy shade of embarrassment.
“Our guest thinks this dumb ol’ cowboy don’t have enough gray matter upstairs to understand what she needs.” And what she needed was to have those red lips of hers kissed. Hard.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Walker.” Her sensual voice rolled quietly from her as her gaze dropped to take him all in, then shot back to his face.
He held out his hand. “Jackson Walker.”
She took his hand, and the surge of electricity that ran up his arm and through his nerves blotted out all thoughts except bedroom ideas.
“Aurora Hughes.” She pulled her hand back a little too quickly and sucked in an uneven breath. Did she feel it, too? That zip and ping of lust?
“Is that your real name, Rori?” Abby smiled like she was enjoying every minute of this meeting.
“Yes.” Rori’s blue gaze met his. “My friends call me Rori.” She shook her head as if to pull her thoughts back from wherever they’d shot off to. “May I speak with you for a few minutes, Mr. Walker?”
“Sure thing, and it’s Jackson.” He gestured for her to precede him down the hallway. “Abby, hold my calls, please.” Of course, he hadn’t received one call since he’d arrived here, but it sounded good anyway.
“Yes, Mr. Walker.” She sing-songed with a smirk as she went back to her keyboard.
In front of him, Ms. Aurora “Rori” Hughes walked stiffly, but that nicely-rounded bottom of hers moved and swayed in an amazingly seductive way. They stepped into the big office, and he shut the door. When he turned, she stood right there.
Those blue eyes stared into his, and when he inhaled, her light patchouli scent wrapped itself around inside his head. She opened her mouth.
He swallowed and leaned a centimeter closer, ready to kiss her perfect lips if she gave one more sign that she wanted him as much as he craved her.
“I want to apologize for what I said out there.” Rori nodded toward the front of the building. “I meant no offense, but I have a bad history with rodeo cowboys.”
Her words cooled his jets as effectively as a shovel-full of snow dumped inside the front of his pants.
****
Rori bit her tongue when Jackson jerked back as if she’d thrown a rotten tomato at his forehead. She hadn’t meant to blurt it out, but oh boy, was he a barrel full of sexiness. Those inky blue eyes surrounded by long, thick lashes. That mouth, full and curved in a teasing smile. A jaw that looked strong enough to withstand anything a rodeo horse could throw at him. She fisted her hands, wanting to run them through his shaggy, slightly curling hair.
She’d almost imagined he wanted to kiss her. Right here in Dusty’s office. Blinking, she backed up a few steps but bumped into the edge of the desk. “Sorry. I’m a little….” Rori glanced at the desktop. What was she? Incredibly turned on by a guy she’d met less than a minute ago? A shiver raced through her, tightening her nipples and sending a sweet ache to her belly.
“A little…?” He reached around her and pulled one of the guest chairs nearer. Leaning over her a bit too close.
He gave off the purely masculine scent of soap and outdoors, and she held her breath, keeping her gaze fixed on the desk to fight back that naughty temptation. Rori had to remember the pitiful existence her cousin lived because of a rodeo junkie. She refused to end up the same way.
When Jackson finally moved away from her, she sank into the chair, glad her knees held out as long as they had and watched him stroll around the desk and take a seat in Dusty’s chair. Dang, she had more than one reason to be uninterested in this man. Besides rodeo cowboys being poison, this one was her benefactor’s son, to whom she was indebted. So why did the idea of shoving all those files off the desk and spreading herself on the flat surface for his pleasure keep intruding on her thoughts?
“Ms. Hughes?” He leaned back in the chair, watching her with those too-seductive eyes. “What can I help you with?”
“It’s Rori. Please.” Her gaze darted around as she recalled the points she’d come here to make. “First....” She blurted the word too loudly, and his eyebrows rose. “First, I wanted to tell you how sorry I am about your father. He was a kind man, a good businessman, and everyone in town is feeling the loss.”
Jackson nodded once, his lips thinning.
Yep, she could imagine how he felt, learning he had three brothers he hadn’t known about. She’d be angry as a hornet, too. Maybe she could help him by showing him the good his father had done. “Second, I want to talk about Cyber Wise.”
Glancing at her T-shirt then at the powered-down computer on the desk—both of which bore her company’s logo—he nodded once. “I’m guessing you’re Cyber Wise?” Those beautiful eyes of his shifted to look at her.
“I am.” Rori scooted to the edge of her chair. “Two years ago, Dusty recruited me from the University of Kansas. I’d just completed my MSCoE and was….”
His gaze dropped when she’d thrown out her credentials. Was he uninterested? He wasn’t a college man, from the rumors floating around. Did she just lose him?
She waved one hand to dismiss what she’d just said and started over. “I finished my Master’s in computers, and he asked me to come to Red Creek and work for him.”
Jackson met her gaze. “But you’re not on the payroll.”
“We worked out a deal. I started my own business in town but made D. Walker Mineral my number one priority.” Dusty’s business sense, combined with her need to work on her own terms, had clashed then melded into a win-win arrangement. “He leases the old five-and-dime building to me free of charge, for as long as I remain in town and stay available to his company.”
His jaw shifted, and he narrowed his eyes. “You just told Abby you were in Kansas City for two weeks.”
Shit, he’d caught that? Rori took a deep breath. “I want to…someday…open another office in KC.” Hopefully, with the help of Dusty’s company. “And getting my name associated with corporations in that area is imperative.” There. She didn’t exactly lie, but she didn’t confess everything either. Now, just how sharp was this rodeo cowboy?
His lips curved in a smirk. “So, after Dusty died, you figured you’d just go do whatever you wanted, and damn the contract?”
She clamped her jaw closed. The man did not play fair. “The job in KC was a last-minute thing. The company they’d hired to do their startup went belly-up, and they urgently needed help.”
Jackson just stared at her.
Loosening her facial muscles, she gave a sad smile. “Dusty was…gone already, the company shut down for the week after, and I was only a three-hour drive away from Red Creek if an emergency arose. One hour by Dusty’s private jet, if needed.” Shifting in her seat, she let go of the guilt she felt for missing the funeral and for semi-breaking her contract with the company.
The man in Dusty’s chair did not look impressed.
She needed to hit this cowboy with more facts.
“The contract specifies that I can take jobs outside the region. And I have, many times, with Dusty’s okay.” She gestured out the window. “I mean, you’ve seen Red Creek. How much computer work do you think this town needs?” Her voice rose as her panic grew. This man could terminate her contract and leave her without a storefront and with a truckload of electronics to move. She should probably have been nicer to him from the start.
He watched her for long moments, then placed his hand flat on the desk and stood. “Let’s go see this building of yours.” A shaft of sunlight coming through the window highlighted his face.
She stared, unmoving. He was handsome, rugged, but those eyes were too compelling, too sharp.
“Rori?”
His hair fell in disarray, and in the sunlight, gleamed with a dozen shades of brown. “Huh?” He’d said something…
With a grin, he walked around the desk and opened the door. “Your building? The old five-and-dime? Let’s go take a look at it, then we’ll have breakfast at Cubby’s and talk business.”
With her butt still stuck to the chair, she shifted her gaze, trying to figure out his plan of attack. “Sure.” She got to her feet and wandered past him and out the door. How had a quick confirmation of contract validity become a personal tour and breakfast? She glanced down at her old Get Cyber Wise T-shirt. And why hadn’t she worn something a little sexier?
Chapter Two
Jackson followed Rori down the hallway and out the front door, nodding at Abby, who gave him a wave and a smile. He’d be sure to question her later since she seemed to know Rori. Well enough to share gossip with her, anyway.
The sun had climbed in the sky, and the breeze carried the scents of heating asphalt and grass. It would be a hot, humid day again today, and visions of him lying on a cushioned chair next to the pool at the lake house all day reading a rodeo magazine kept sneaking into his head.
They stood at the curb and waited for a slowly passing pickup truck to go by before stepping out to cross the street.
“You said two years?” He liked that he had something on this woman since she had something against him already—his rodeo career. Whatever the hell that was about. The anger in her eyes when she’d shot him down earlier looked fresh, as if whatever had happened to her—rodeo-related—was still going on.
She stepped up onto the opposite curb. “What?” Turning to walk down the street, she left room for him to walk next to her. On the inside.
Placing his hand on her lower back, he guided her toward the buildings, leaving space for him to walk on the outside, along the curb. Just as his father had taught him. Old-fashioned, but that’s what a gentleman did, according to Dusty Walker. And the feeling of her firm body against his palm proved too much to resist.
Balking a little, she glanced up at him. Pink colored her cheeks.
Firm and warm… He dropped his hand away as revolutions of sexy ideas spun wildly in his head. “Two years ago, you came here?”
She nodded and looked down the street. “I’ll be forever grateful to him. He was more than generous. It was such a stroke of luck that we met, and both happened to be—”
“Oh, hell.” A horrific thought flashed into his brain, making Jackson trip over his own feet, nearly tumbling into her. Holy shit, could she be another one? He stared at her face, looking for any similarities to Dusty.
“What is it?” She waited a second, and when he stayed silent, she pulled her keys out of her pocket and slid them into the lock on the reinforced glass door of an old glass-front, brick, two-story building bearing a round sign proclaiming Cyber Wise Inc.
“I was wondering about your family.” His voice came out wobbly. Damn him, if he had the hots for his half-sister… A chill of disgust raced through him, and his stomach turned.
“My family?” She walked into the building, and lights flickered on overhead. “Why?” Turning to face him, she crossed her arms.
Jackson set aside his suspicions for the moment and scoped out the room. Ten tables, each with computer stuff on them and chairs on one side of them. Like a showroom, where she’d give her customers hands-on demonstrations. “This is really smart.” He walked to one setup and looked at the monitor, keyboard, the box that made computer things happen, and mouse.
“I’ve found that actually letting people get in elbows-deep is the way to avoid any dissatisfaction with my products.” She’d uncrossed her arms but hadn’t moved.
“Give me your sales pitch.” He didn’t really care about computers. He just liked hearing her voice.
She squinted at him, then proceeded to give him a quick lesson in the different options of computers…and she lost him. His phone served as his only connection with the world. Otherwise, he stayed as far away from technology as he could get. Walking from one display to the next, she chatted with animation. Rori loved her job. That thought made him a little jealous.
He loved rodeo, but now he had to deal with the family mineral company for a year at minimum. When his father had taught him pieces of the business, he’d never imagined needing to actually be in charge of such a major corporation.
He moved along with her, watching her hands with their short, unpolished nails touch the equipment as she detailed options. The words didn’t sink in, but her intelligence did. Maybe this was the universe providing him with the perfect opportunity to expand his knowledge base. 
“You’d be able to teach me?” He thought of the computer setup back at the office on Dusty’s desk. The monster that Jackson didn’t even know how to turn on.
“Teach you….” She tipped her head, and that flow of sexy hair brushed her shoulder.
He looked away. Hell, what was he doing? He had to get her paternity sorted out first. “Computering.” He shrugged. “Haven’t had much need for one, but the people in the office are telling me to open documents and spreadsheets and internet and powerpoints, and I only know what one of them things is.” He pulled a frown.
She smiled. “You do that ‘good ol’ boy’ thing pretty darn well.”
Glancing at his boots, he shuffled one foot. “Aw shucks, ma’am. Wish it was just an act.” He played it off as a joke, but it was a sore point with him. He didn’t have the book learning his mother had wanted him to have, but Dusty had been on his side. Dad hadn’t gone to college, and he hadn’t tried to pressure Jackson into going. But now that he’d met someone as smart and accomplished as Rori, he felt a hundred steps behind her.
“Sure.” She shot the word at him.
He glanced into her soft, blue eyes. “Yeah?”
“Yeah. I’ll teach you what you need to know. But not this morning.” She pointed toward the back of the building. “I’ve got a few projects I need to finish.” She started walking that way. “Let me show you the work area in the back and the storage area in the basement.”
He nodded and followed her into the back room, past the tables bearing the bits and pieces of unfinished computers, laptops, tablets, and a dozen boxes with cables and plug-ins that he had no clue about. She opened a wide door and headed down the steps.
He followed, although it sounded like a hell of a lot of boring awaiting him down there. He’d go along, seeing as he owned this building. And he had some important information to get out of her. “So, your family?”
At the bottom of the steps, she faced him. “Just Mom and Dad. They’re high school teachers in KC and spend the summer traveling.” Her gaze didn’t leave his. “Why do you want to know about them?”
How did he handle this…without asking for a paternity test? “Just curious.”
It took her a few seconds to process that before she gave him a blessedly brief tour of the rows of racks holding electronics and explained the temperature and humidity control system she’d installed.
“Impressive.” He followed her back upstairs, resolutely keeping his eyes off her derriere. Back on the ground level, he pointed to the ceiling. “What’s upstairs?”
“Living quarters.” She glanced away. “Mine.”
She lived and worked here? Dedication, for sure. He’d bet any money that if he drove through town at midnight on any random night, he’d see the lights on and her bent over one of the tables. “Let’s see it.”
She wrinkled her brow at him. “Why?”
He laughed. “Darlin’, if you want to go on ahead and straighten the place up a bit first, that’s fine.”
“No, it’s not messy....” She groaned. “It’s just…it’s my private space.”
“I understand that, but I’d like to take a quick look at the setup.” And search for clues about her father. He leaned forward, his mouth quirking up a bit. “You’re not hiding anything up there, are you?”
She rolled her eyes and huffed out a breath. “Besides nuclear weapons and a kilo of cocaine? No.” Spinning on the rubber-soled heel of her red high-tops, she trudged past a small coffee area, set up for guests, he’d bet, and opened the door to a flight of stairs. He followed her up to a bright, sunny space. The blue couch and two matching chairs sat around a low table holding a few game controllers, all facing a big-ass television. An impressive array of game consoles resided on the shelves under the TV.
He opened his mouth to make an obvious comment, then snapped it shut and looked at her.
Her face looked shuttered, closed down as if she was embarrassed that anyone saw her hobby.
Jackson didn’t spot any photos sitting around, so he walked past the couch and into the small kitchen. “This is nice.” He enjoyed cooking some, a talent his mother shared with him from an early age. “This gas stovetop is state of the art.”
“Um. Sure.” She walked up to it. “Never been used.” She grinned. “But I’ve gone through three microwaves in two years.”
He laughed. “I’ll have to cook you up my....” He shook his head. First things first. “Show me the rest?”
She blinked a few times, then turned and wandered toward the back of the building. “Bathroom.” She pointed toward the left. “Bedroom.” Her finger moved toward the right.
Jackson peeked his head into the bathroom. Tub, separate shower, and all the rest. He strode right into her bedroom and glanced at the bare walls, then looked at the top of the dresser. There it was. A photo of Rori in a cap and gown, her parents on either side of her. Pointing to the picture, he glanced at her. “May I?”
She nodded slowly. “Okay.” Her voice rose on the last syllable. She was confused, but he wasn’t about to explain.
Picking up the eight-by-ten frame, he walked past the yellow-quilted bed to the window and held the photo in the sunlight. Her mother’s brown hair and brown eyes, then her father’s… Jackson breathed a sigh of relief. Her father had a full head of black hair and eyes the color of the noon sky. “Nice family.”
“Wait.” She stomped toward him. “Are you fucking kidding me?” Her eyes shot blue lasers at him.
His brows shot up, and he considered backing away from the shitstorm headed his way. “What?”
She grabbed the picture from him, staring him down. “You thought I was one of Dusty’s....” Breathing fast, she shook her head. “You thought....” She backed away a step and set the photo on the dresser, face down.
He hung his head, not that he was ashamed…much…but it was a trick that always worked with his mom. “Can you blame me?”
“Damn it.” She leaned against the end of the bed. “I don’t know what to say.”
“Darlin’, I owe you an apology.” He faced her head-on. “But if you’d lived in my boots for the last few weeks, you’d be looking for more of Dusty’s surprises in the faces of folks you met, too.”
Her fingers played with the cotton bedspread. “Especially here in town, right?” She looked up at him, her eyes blue and sad.
All he wanted to do was tug her into his arms, kiss away the sadness and leap with her in his arms onto the mattress. But he knew it wasn’t the moment. Taking her arm, he gestured toward the main room. “Breakfast?”
She had to know he was changing the subject, but she went along willingly. “Breakfast and business talk, right?”
“Right.” He followed her down the steps and out through the front of the building.
She locked up.
“Security?” He looked for wires or boxes or cameras but saw none.
“The best. Even in a small town, I need to worry about intruders.” Turning, she ended up standing just inches in front of him, face to face. “Just try to get to my bedroom again, cowboy.”
He leaned a fraction closer and smirked. “Is that a challenge?”
Her eyes widened as the double meaning of her words struck her. When her cheeks turned pink, he took pity on her, placed his hand on her back, and led her across the street to the town’s restaurant. Challenge accepted.
****
Rori sat on the opposite side of the booth from Jackson as a parade of townsfolk stopped by to pay their respects and welcome him to Red Creek. Women boldly flirted with him, and some people actually asked for his autograph. Evidently, he was some big hoo-ga-doo in the rodeo world.
Which served as a good reminder to her to stay the heck out of situations where she’d be alone with him. Like, for instance, in his office teaching him “computering,” as he’d so colloquially put it. She’d like to take back that agreement, but working with his company was her primary job. If she wanted to keep her contract with D. Walker Mineral, she’d be keeping office hours with tall, dark, and far-too-handsome Jackson.
She watched him as he spoke with three young women. The guy was a temptation, but she gave a half eye roll when she remembered his sneaky try at attempting to determine her paternity. Goofy cowboy. What would have happened if her parents had been blonde and green-eyed? Would he have insisted on a blood test?
Of course, having endured the shock of learning about his three brothers a week ago, how could she blame him for being cautious?
Cubby’s wife, Sherry, stopped at their table and refilled their coffee cups, effectively shooing away the gawkers with her pointed gaze. “Met your brother Dylan last week, you know.” The older woman stared at Jackson for a few seconds. “You look a lot alike. ‘Cept he has green eyes. Lighter-colored hair.”
After a pause, Jackson lifted his hand toward the woman. “Jackson Walker.”
Sherry set down the coffee pot and grasped his hand. “Sherry. My husband and I own this place.” She picked up the pot again. “So what’s all this talk about Dylan and Zoe Chapman? Is it true?”
Jackson blinked a few times. “Uh, I don’t know. Haven’t communicated with Dylan.” He looked at Rori. “What’s the story?”
Sherry glanced at Rori, who gave the woman a quick shake of her head. Jackson could barely cope with his new family situation. If the rumor Abby had just shared with Rori that morning was true, Jackson sure as heck didn’t need to find out about another family member.
“I don’t think it’s anything you need to hear from us.” Rori slid her gaze from Jackson and gave the waitress a smile.
Sherry grunted. “You’re probably right.” She swung her stare back to Jackson. “You plannin’ on staying?”
With a narrowed glance at Rori, he smiled up at Sherry. “For at least five more days.”
Sherry snorted and walked away. “Full of that same Walker B.S., that’s for sure.”
He coughed out a laugh. “Where do you go in this town for privacy?”
“Pri-va-cy. I’m not familiar with that concept.” Rori opened her eyes wide. 
He laughed at her joke, but it was true. Everyone took the time out of their busy lives to keep up with what was happening with everyone else. The good part of that was that when someone needed help, they got it. The bad part? There were very few secrets that didn’t become public knowledge.
Their breakfasts arrived, and Jackson buttered his stack of pancakes. The side plate of scrambled eggs, bacon, and ham sat between them, and he gestured for her to help herself.
The smell of the bacon sent her mouth-watering like crazy, but she sipped her coffee and stirred her bowl of fruit, granola, and yogurt. Sitting all day didn’t allow room for fried pork in her diet, not if she didn’t want to spread out like a melting snowman.
“There’s nowhere that people aren’t watching you. It’s like living in a fishbowl.” She didn’t know why she said that. She liked Red Creek, mostly, but her love life had taken a direct hit in the two years she’d lived here. Since Red Creekians liked to make everything their business, and she didn’t want her business to suffer because of gossip, she’d endured one heck of a romantic dry spell.
Shoving a pie-shaped stack of three pancakes into his mouth, Jackson groaned.
Her stomach rumbled, and she scooped a big spoon of her sorry breakfast into her mouth. Maybe if she jogged more? Bought a treadmill? Did yoga?
“Is that all you’re having?” Jackson gestured with his coffee cup toward her bowl.
“I usually skip breakfast.” She poked at a strawberry hiding in yogurt.
“Most important meal of the day?” He went back to cutting his pancakes. “Why’s that?”
She shrugged. “Most days, I don’t get out of bed until later.”
He smiled. “I like hearing that.” 
Those perfect lips of his made her own mouth hungry for a sample. With that thought, a wave of desire roared through her. “It’s because I stay up until near dawn working.”
“Ah, a night owl.”
“Whoo, me?” She batted her eyes at him, covering her hot flush of need with a joke.
He laughed, a slow, low rumble that tingled into her ears and made her ridiculously happy.
Sherry came back with her coffee pot. “Your food okay?”
“Great.” Jackson’s gaze never left Rori. “Thanks.” He crunched into a piece of bacon.
The waitress hummed for a second, then moved on.
Rori stuck her spoon into the unappealing breakfast and shoved the bowl to the side. “Should we talk about the contract while we have a few minutes between admirers?”
“Sure, you start.”
“First....” She took a second to gather her points. “The contract is with the company, not Dusty personally.”
“Makes sense.” He cut a sausage in half and put it in his mouth, chewing slowly as he watched her.
“Then, there’s the fact that I’m still needed. The company is going to continue its work.” For at least another year, if what Dusty’s attorney told her was true.
“Good enough for me. I see no reason to make any changes.” He poured more syrup on the cakes, then reached across the table and picked up her fork. “If Dad negotiated it for the company, even though he’s gone now....” He stuck her fork in the short stack, cut a wedge of pancake, and held the dripping mess out for her to take. “I’d bet my best boots it’s a valid contract.”
The smell of real maple syrup mixing with the carb scent of the pancakes weakened her beyond redemption. Grabbing the fork from him, she shoved the whole pile into her mouth and chewed. Bliss floated inside her mouth and mellowed all the way down to her soul.
A low hum snuck out of her throat, and one side of his mouth curved up. The look he gave her could have melted her fork right out of her hand.
He pushed the plate of cakes closer to her and spread more of the whipped butter on the top layer. “Enjoy, Miss Rori.” One of his perfect eyebrows lifted. “While I enjoy watching you eat.”
Her breath left her in a huff as her tummy shivered with delight. The cowboy was so bad… Cowboy. Damn, this was a cowboy. The one occupation she’d sworn off of.
“Remember, this is a business meeting.” She took just one more bite, set down her fork, and leaned back in the booth. She should talk to Jackson about her expansion ideas now that he was all…buttered up, but it could wait until they weren’t in such a public place. 
Another group of townsfolk wandered over and captured Jackson’s attention.
She stared at her yogurt for a few seconds, then gave up all pretenses of interest in it. She dug into the pancakes, eggs, and breakfast meats. Damn him for making her run five extra miles today.
Her phone beeped, and she pulled it from her pocket. 
Jackson’s visitors left, and he snagged the last piece of bacon.
She reached into her back pocket and pulled out the cash she kept there. “Sorry, my customer is at the shop early.” 
He held up a hand. “My treat.”
“Thanks.” She stood, and he wrapped his big, calloused hand around her wrist.
“Sorry about the…photo thing earlier.” His blue eyes softened. “I didn’t mean any offense.”
Rori nodded, letting the warmth of his touch slide along her bloodstream like a river of lava. “I understand. And sorry for....” She glanced around, seeing every eye in the place on them. “My overreaction.” Whispering the words, she slid her arm out of his grasp.
“Not a problem.” His hand went right to his coffee cup. “So I’ll see you this afternoon?”
“What?” How was she so easily distracted by this cowboy’s touch? “This afternoon?”
“Computering lessons?” His lips curved up into a delicious smile. “You are free this afternoon, correct?”
It shouldn’t be a problem, the two of them in the office with the other employees present. “Sure. I’ll call before—”
“No need.” He leaned closer to her as he pulled his wallet out of his back pocket. “I’ll be there reading through files. But....” His brows drew down. “You may have to wake me up.”
The giggle that escaped her throat sounded louder than church bells as they echoed through the near-silent restaurant. Damn. She tucked her head down and bee-lined it to the door. What the heck was wrong with her?
Chapter Three
Jackson got the hell out of Cubby’s before any more of the town’s population came by to introduce themselves. As he walked the few yards to the office, he replayed his conversation with Rori. She wanted to open another Cyber Wise in KC? Did that mean she’d be leaving town?
He pushed open the door to D. Walker Mineral Co. and stepped inside. Elaine Dennis, one of the oil and mineral specialists, stood talking with Abby.
“Morning, boss.” Her pretty face bore little makeup, and for a woman old enough to be his mother, she had few wrinkles and even fewer grays in her brown hair. “I saw you met Ms. Rori.”
“I did.” He leaned against the tall reception desk, his elbow on the counter. “She wanted to check on her contract with us.” Just that second, it occurred to Jackson that he should probably have okayed it with Elaine, Vic, or the other specialist, Walt. Too late, that bronc had already left the chute.
“Everything taken care of?” Elaine and Abby watched him.
“It is. She’s coming in this afternoon to help me with Dad’s computer.”
Abby puckered her face up. “Is something wrong with it?”
“Nope.” He held back a smile. “But I want her help so as to make sure it stays that way once I get my paws on it.”
The women laughed, and Elaine wandered away. “I’ll be in my office if you need anything.”
“Thanks.” He waited a few seconds then bent closer to Abby. “What’s the story on Ms. Hughes?”
Abby’s green eyes perked up as she leaned close, her lips curved in a purely feline grin. “Well, it’s Miss, never married, doesn’t date much at all, and is one of the smartest people you’ll ever meet.”
He knew she was smart. “You said she doesn’t date much?”
She shook her head four times slowly. “Not that she doesn’t get asked, mind you. I heard one time, three bachelor farmers ended up at her store at the exact same time when she opened Monday morning.” She glanced around, then up into his eyes with a smirk and a twinkle in her gaze. “Guess they got to talking about her at Saturday night poker and ended up all scratchin’ at her door at once.” Abby sat back and clapped her hands once, laughing. “Can you just picture it?”
The phone rang, and Abby reached for it.
“Yeah.” He let out a slow laugh as he strolled past her desk. “I sure can.” Rori was one special woman, and he wanted to explore every single one of her secrets.
Abby answered, then put the call on hold. “Are you taking calls now, Mr. Walker?” She gave him a wink. “It’s your mother.”
“Sure, send it through.” He pulled his phone from his pocket and saw a missed call. It had to be urgent for her to call the office line.
He answered the phone ringing on his dad’s desk. “Mom? Everything okay?”
“Just fine, honey. How are things…there?” She had seemed hesitant when he’d told her about his week in Kansas, but she’d agreed with him when he said he felt obligated to do it.
“So far, ‘bout what I expected.” He sat on the edge of the desk and looked out the window. “Small town and I’m the newest fish in the bowl.” He smiled as he remembered Rori’s description of Red Creek. “You know how that is.”
“Yes, that’s about what I expected to hear. But make the best of it, Jackson. Give the town a chance to know who you are, and not just one of Dusty’s boys.”
Her philosophy on life never failed to amaze him. Even after learning that his father had three other boys, she didn’t rage or cry or call Dusty names. She took it in stride, meditated on the whole mess, and came to terms with it. “I’ll try, Mom.”
“Good.” She sounded like she was doing some heavy lifting. “You got a delivery today from the saddle shop in Idaho.” 
“The new gear I ordered.” He’d forgotten about it with everything else that’d been going on.
“I wasn’t sure if you needed it there to bring with to your next rodeo.” Her voice sounded a little hollow, a bit lonely. “If you do, I should ship it to you today, so it gets there.” 
“Thanks, but I’m coming home Sunday.”
“Oh, okay.” The sound of papers shuffling came through the phone. “I thought you had a rodeo.”
“I pulled out. After all this got dumped on us, I figured I wouldn’t have my head in the sport.”
“Good.” He could hear her smiling through the phone. “I’m anxious to see you.”
“I miss you, too.” They spoke a few more minutes, then a customer came into her shop, and she had to go.
He hung up the phone and plopped down in the desk chair. How were his brother’s moms taking the news? For those guys' sakes, he hoped their mothers were as wise and introspective as Sapphire. But chances were pretty slim on that one.
Hours later, after staring at graphs and charts and reports from the company’s professional geologist, who had an office in the building but was away at jobsites most every day, Jackson needed air. He knocked on Vic’s open office door. “You wanna grab something to eat?”
“Sure.” The guy picked up his cell phone and came around his desk. “It’ll just be us. Elaine’s got a lunch meeting.” They walked down the hall. “Walt was supposed to be back today, but he’s stuck in Arkansas waiting for some geo tests to come in before offering them a contract.”
Abby sat at her desk eating potato chips, a spreadsheet open on her computer.
“And Ms. Abby, here, she works through lunch, so she can get home to her honey.” Vic smiled at the receptionist, his appreciation of the woman clear in his expression.
“Jackson hasn’t met my honey yet, so he doesn’t know what a lucky lady I am to have him a-waitin' on me to come home at night.” She wiggled her eyebrows.
Jackson laughed. “Sounds like you’ve got it made.”
“Juuuust the right amount of separation to make a marriage work.” Abby went back to her computer.
Vic held open the door, and the two of them walked outside. “She’s a good worker, a strong woman.” He gave a short laugh. “Knows everyone in town and everything going on within fifty miles of here.”
“You’ve only been here a few months?” Jackson held open the door to Cubby’s, their only choice for lunch.
“Yes, and despite that, I felt like part of the family.” Vic looked up at Jackson. “Still do, if you’ll pardon my familiarity.”
“Not at all.” Jackson wasn’t sure what the guy meant, but there was no way he’d make Vic feel his job was at risk. Especially from Jackson, who was impatient to shake the dust of this town off his boots come Sunday morning.
They took a table in a corner and ordered the special: a meatloaf sandwich with gravy and mashed potatoes, green beans, and a home-baked roll.
“What made you come to Red Creek?” Jackson took a cold gulp of his strong sweet tea.
“A couple things.” Vic narrowed his dark eyes. “I got tired of California, and the Walker Company has one of the best reputations in the business.”
Jackson hadn’t been aware of the company’s prominent status in the industry. The hours he’d spent with Elaine and Abby the day before had filled him in on what was going on with the company, but besides the way the women spoke highly of his father, they didn’t go into much detail. “He’s done pretty well financially.”
“That, and his honesty, integrity, business sense....” Vic shrugged. “I would tell you that it’ll be a pretty big hat to fill, but I get the feeling you’re not planning on filling Dusty’s hat.”
At that last part, the wind went out of Jackson’s sails. He’d been questioning the honesty/integrity piece, recalling the illegitimacy of the sons of Dusty Walker. “How do you figure that?” Vic was right about Jackson’s future plans, of course, but he’d tried to keep that fact hidden.
Their lunches arrived, and Vic got busy turning his sandwich black with pepper from the shaker. “Just a hunch.” He gestured out the window. “This town doesn’t hold much appeal for a young guy like you.”
Jackson laughed. “You’re what, five years older than me?”
“Ten.” Vic took a big forkful and chewed, swallowing it down with coke. “But I’m an office kind of guy. You? Rodeo, buckle bunnies, seeing the country.”
Running away, as Sapphire had always said when Jackson had gone out on the circuit. “I guess.”
“You don’t have to sit behind Dusty’s desk for the rest of your life.” Vic set down his utensils. “You can always travel the country doing what your dad loved best.”
What Dad loved best? Besides his four mistresses and their bastard sons? “It’s all up for grabs right now.” He said the words, but they were a deflection. His brothers could do what they wanted with the company for the next year. Jackson was looking forward to that big payout come next August.
“I understand.” Vic ate for a while. “Just so you know, your dad’s done some really good things for this town. The Walker name is highly respected here.”
“I’m sure it is.” Jackson had heard about his dad bailing out businesses, but that could have been just self-preservation. If the town went under, the company wouldn’t have a place to call home.
Elaine walked up to their table. “Mind if I join you? My lunch meeting just ended.”
The guys stood, and Jackson pulled out a chair for her. “Please do.”
“Oh, such gentlemen. The town of Red Creek is blessed to have you two bachelors gracing our streets.”
Jackson met Vic’s gaze, sending the man a silent request for confidentiality.
Vic turned toward Elaine. “So, who did you meet with?”
Tucking back into his meal, Jackson let them talk business while he considered his options. Dusty’s death threw a whole lot of new ones in front of him, and he couldn’t overlook the fact that his old way of life would change no matter how hard he tried to keep it the same.
****
Later that afternoon, Rori stepped into Heart Starter, Lexie Choate’s quirky coffee shop, glad to see the place was empty.
“Hey, girl.” Lexie had her sketch pad out and was drawing something. The woman’s artistic talent was insane, and the shop walls were filled with her artwork.
“Hi. Can I get an iced mocha? Large, please.”
“Sure.” Lexie started the big, scary espresso machine. “Need to stay awake this evening?”
Rori sat on a stool at the counter. “No. I’m just procrastinating. I promised Dusty’s son, Jackson, I’d show him how to use the computer.”
“Oooh. He’s a cute one.” Lexie pulled out another cup. “I’ll make one for him, too. Keep you both awake this afternoon.”
Cussing under her breath, Rori stuck her tongue out at her friend. “He’s the rodeo cowboy. You know how I feel about that.”
She shrugged. “Whatever prejudices get you through the day.”
Rori frowned. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Nothing.” Lexi set the chocolate-infused iced coffees in front of Rori. “I’ll put this on your tab.”
“Thanks.” Rori stood. May as well go and get it over with. “We need to get Kit and Zoe and do a girls’ night out.”
“Okay. I’m in.”
Rori waited to see if Lexi would mention anything about the gossip surrounding Zoe, but Lexi just picked up her pad and started drawing, looking from it to Rori’s face and back again.
“Jeez, you know I hate it when you sketch me.” Rori crossed her eyes and contorted her lips.
Lexi laughed. “I’m going to paint your portrait that way one day.”
Rori chuckled and left the store, strolling down the street to D. Walker Mineral Company and an afternoon of computering and too-closeness with that dang rodeo cowboy. She walked past the empty reception desk. Abby worked a seven-to-three shift, and since it was already three-thirty, the woman would be long gone. Heading down the hall, she looked into the four offices along the way to Dusty’s…Jackson’s…to find them empty. So much for her plan to get here early enough to not be alone with the cowboy.
At his office door, she peeked in and found him staring at papers in an open file folder. She rapped her knuckles softly on the doorframe. “Am I too late?”
His head jerked up. “To keep me from falling asleep?” He sat back. “Yeah. It’s happened four times already this afternoon.”
“This’ll help.” She stepped into the room and set the cups on the desk. The red cotton shirt she’d changed into after she’d showered and put on sexier lingerie evidently caught his attention because his gaze dropped to her cleavage and stayed for a long while. “I bet you had the Tuesday special at Cubby’s.” She walked around the far side of the desk and pressed the buttons to turn on the computer and monitor. “His meatloaf sandwich has put me out cold more than once.”
“Thanks for the coffee.” Jackson stood and offered her his chair, sipping on the java. “Between that meatloaf in my belly and these reports blurring my vision, I nearly ended up in a coma.”
She slid into the seat, the residual warmth from his body heating her bottom, sending a sexy shiver along her skin. “Well, this won’t take too long.” She clicked the mouse a few times.
“Ms. Rori, you’re overestimating my skills.” He grabbed a guest chair and hauled it around the back of the desk, and set it next to the big leather one. “Like, for instance, what did you do to turn these on?” He sat, picked up a pencil, and held it poised over a small notepad.
“Seriously?” Was he teasing her? The look on his face told her he was serious.
“My mom has a tablet thing which I’ve used, but all this....” He gestured to the computer. “It’s been since high school, the last time I used one. And I don’t want to break anything.”
She held back a smile at how solemn he looked, his eyes intent, his lips thinned into a straight, sexy line. “Okay, sorry.” She went over the power-up, gave him the login and password she’d set up for him before heading over here, and showed him the different folders and files, printing out a sort of map for him and making notes on it in red.
“Good.” Jackson compared the printout to the screen. “I’m following this.”
She spent another hour showing him Dusty’s private files, the ones saved to only his computer, which included payroll and banking information.
He had her open files so he could see details, and as the evening sun turned everything orangey, he pointed to a folder. “What’s that?”
Dusty had called it Theresa.
“That looks like something personal.” She stood and motioned for them to switch chairs. “If you want to look at it now, I’ll go down the hall.”
“No.” He sat in the big chair and used the mouse. “Sit. I’ll take a look.”
She turned her back to him, facing the coat rack in the corner where Dusty’s old white straw cowboy hat hung next to his denim jacket with the company logo embroidered on the left chest. Poor Dusty. He didn’t deserve to die the way he did.
“What the heck is this?” Jackson tapped her arm with the back of his hand.
She swung around and looked at the columns of numbers and dates. “I don’t know.” Standing, she leaned over him and looked at the screen. The first column listed dates, each a month apart, which began eight years ago. “Scroll down.”
He did, a little slower than she’d like, but he was getting better. The last date was just days before Dusty died. “Huh.”
“Yeah. Strange.” She pointed to the screen. “The second and third columns look suspiciously like bank routing and account numbers. The bank routing numbers repeat themselves on a regular basis.” She counted. “Every eighteen months, it’s the same routing number.”
“You’re saying whatever they’re doing, they use just eighteen banks on a rotating basis.”
She nodded. “What could be the significance of eighteen?”
Jackson snorted. “Knowing Dusty....” He bit off the words. Was he going to make a snide comment about Dusty and his harem? “So that makes the fourth column…dollar amounts?” Jackson scrolled back up slowly. “This year, it’s thirteen thousand, and a thousand less every year going back.”
“I have no idea what it is.” She sat in her chair. “I can pull up a list of Walker Co.’s bank accounts, but I know that’s not Red Creek Bank’s routing number.”
He looked at her. “Can we search the world wide web for these banks?”
She bit back a smile. “Most of us call it the internet now, and yes, I’ll show you how to do it.”
After a few minutes of trial and error, they found a site that gave the information.
“These are all over the country.” He scratched his cheek. “What do you think this is?”
To her, it looked sketchy.
“You’re thinking the same thing I am, right?” He stared into her eyes. “Some kind of payoff or blackmail or gambling debt?”
She snorted. “Do you read a lot of international intrigue novels?” But she wouldn’t rule out any of Jackson’s suspicions.
“You can scoff, but I’ll bet you a million bucks there’s something strange going on.” He pressed print and walked over to the printer on a shelf in the corner.
“I don’t know, Jackson. I don’t mean to minimalize this, but is it worth your time digging into it further?”
He swung around and smiled. “Compared to the boring-ass files sitting on that desk? Hell, yeah!”
She couldn’t keep the smile from curving her lips. “Okay. But I don’t know how you’re going to get any further than—”
“You can hack computers, right?” He gestured for her to take the big chair again. “Can you do that from here, or do we need to go to your store?”
She sucked in a breath. “I don’t hack.” Standing, she backed away from the computer. “That’s illegal, immoral, unscrupulous—”
“Okay.” He held up a hand. “Sorry. But you know someone who does, right?” His brows rose as he stalked toward her. “You have to. Somebody from college?”
“Why would you think that?” She backed up a step and bumped up against a file cabinet.
He stood just feet from her, staring at her. “I can see it in your eyes. You do know someone. I’ll pay them.”
She could stand there and deny it, but she had no poker face. “Okay, but let me keep your name out of it.” Holding out her hand, she waited for him to give her the papers. “I’m doing this under protest.”
“Protest acknowledged.” He gave her the list. “Remember, you’re a contract employee of D. Walker Mineral Company, and therefore you’re protected by said contract from any legal whatevers.”
She closed her eyes for a second so he wouldn’t see her rolling them. “That’s just shy of being convincing, but let me text my contact.” Taking a photo of the top sheet, she cropped it to show only eighteen of the bank routing numbers and bank accounts, then texted them to Kiwi with a request for information. “Done.” She gave him a glare. “But you can never mention this to anyone.”
“Understood.” He nodded. “How long? What now?”
She read Kiwi’s reply text. “He says, ‘Give me an hour’. Now, we could search Dusty’s emails.” She scrunched up her nose. “If that’s okay with you.”
“Yeah, that’s okay.” He let her take the big chair and access the emails. After a half-hour of searching emails, files, and photos, she sat back. “Nothing.”
“What about his personal emails? He has a laptop and a computer at his house.” Jackson stood.
“Your house?” She closed down all the files and software.
“Yeah. The house I own a fourth of.” It still sounded odd to him. He gestured. “C’mon. Marliss will have supper ready, and you can help me get into those computers.”
“I don’t know.” She got up and walked around the far side of the desk. “I don’t want to just show up for supper at Dusty’s house and—”
“My house. Remember?” Jackson folded the papers and stuffed them into his back pocket, then held out his hand to Rori. “And since you’re under contract....” He grinned, then laughed. “You can’t say no.”
She giggled as she took his hand and let him pull her down the hall toward the front door. “I feel like Nancy Drew all of a sudden.”
“Who?” He pulled open the door and glanced back at her.
She should have known. With a mother named Sapphire and growing up in a quirky Pacific Northwestern town… “Just a favorite book character of mine.”
“Oh, right.” He pulled the door shut and used his key to lock it. “Your parents are teachers.”
She laughed as he hauled her around the side of the building to where the red company truck sat. Jackson and her—they each saw the world through very different filters.
Chapter Four
Jackson helped Rori into the company truck, almost surprised that she didn’t insist on taking her own car. But the house…his house…was only a ten-minute drive from town. As he walked around the front of the truck, he dialed the home number.
“Good evening, Mr. Walker.” Marliss’ voice, almost too perky for a woman in her sixties, carried from his phone.
“Hey, Marliss, I’m heading that way, and if it’s okay, I’m bringing someone for supper.”
“Well, of course. Lou makes enough food for a dozen.” Her husband, Lou, had cooked since he was old enough to work outside the home. “Will this be a formal meal in the dining room?”
He looked through the truck window at Rori. “Sort of more of a…date?”
Rori lifted her brows at him.
“Uh-huh. Not too sure, then?” Marliss hummed for a couple seconds. “A nice breeze has come up. How about a few candles on the table out by the pool?”
He smiled. “Perfect. Thank you.”
“My pleasure. Now, drive safe.” She’d told him that this morning, too. A warning based on his father’s demise?
“Will do. Be there in ten.”
“We’ll be ready.”
Jackson opened the driver’s door and slid in. “I called the house to see if there was enough for two or if we needed to stop at Cubby’s for a to-go order.”
Rori laughed. “Oh man, your dad used to talk about the battalion-sized meals Lou cooked. When Dusty was home, he’d bring in the leftovers for lunch the next day and feed the whole office.”
Turning onto Main Street, Jackson tried to wrap his head around Dusty bringing chow in for a crowd. Most likely, his frugal need to not waste anything. Or was he judging his dad too critically? When Jackson was a kid, he’d loved the man, counted the days until he would come to stay with him and Mom.
Jackson always asked why Dad wasn’t with them all the time, like some of the other kids’ dads. Sapphire always said that they needed to be grateful for the days they were all three together and feel blessed for the days when it was just the two of them. 
Her logic had never made much sense to him then, but now, being as close to his mother as he was, he could see her wisdom. She was all he had in his life and was truly his best friend.
They rode silently until the house came into view. Up on a hill facing Osprey Lake, surrounded by acres of land, the long, two-story modern-looking place loomed like a giant country mansion. Glass windows along the front of the house reflected the sun. There’d be a beautiful sunset tonight. He’d be sure to watch the time and take Rori down to the lake to enjoy it with him.
Of course, right now, his groin tightened with anticipation of pulling Rori into his arms, a kiss, then another, then a quick walk back to the house and up to the bedroom he’d chosen to use. Jackson had to shift to make room in his jeans for the hardening behind his fly.
The time in Dusty’s office had been a trial by fire for him. Keeping his hands to himself, concentrating on what she said instead of the cute way her mouth canted when she spoke, and refraining from his usual hey there darlin’ flirting had him hot and edgy.
“I’m excited to see the house. I’ve heard so much about it.” Rori fidgeted and pulled down the visor, checking her face in the mirror.
“You’ve never been in the place?”
“No.” From her pocket, she pulled a tube of something pink and shimmery, opened it, and smoothed some on her lips.
Why did he want to kiss it off her right there, halfway up the driveway?
“Your dad was a stickler for separating business and personal.” She scrunched up her face as she looked at him. “I think it was Theresa’s way of keeping us common folk out of her life.”
He’d guessed that Dusty’s wife was a socialite-type. Born into money, the best schools, and college out east. “Well, since I’m about as common as they come....” He should have a party at the house, invite the whole company and their families.
“You’re a Walker.” She flipped up the visor. “Around these parts, that’s akin to royalty.”
He laughed. Even when he’d won on the rodeo circuit, he was treated as just plain folk. “If I find a crown hidden in the storage space, I’ll be sure to start wearing it to the office.”
Her smile did wild things to him, and as he pulled up to the side of the house, outside the garage, he winked at her. “Here it is. It ain’t much, but it’s home. For this week.”
She laughed as she let herself out. They walked around the back to where the pool, cabana, and outdoor kitchen took up a half-acre of land.
“Yep.” She looked around, taking it all in. “Ain’t much.”
Jackson took her hand and led her to the wet bar under the shady pergola. “Can I make you a drink? Beer? Wine?”
He opened the refrigerator. “Looks like Marliss made a pitcher of margaritas.” He pulled out the glass container and showed Rori. “If you’re brave.”
“Mmmm.” She nodded. “I’ll have a little one. I don’t want to get too goofy.”
He selected two tall glasses, filled them with ice, and poured the green concoction into them. Handing one to her, he raised his. “To a long evening and getting to know each other.”
She tipped her head. “How about, to a productive evening getting to the bottom of things.”
He’d nearly forgotten about the computer searching they had to do. “To a little of both of those?”
Tapping her glass against his, she nodded once. “Perfect.” She sipped. “Oh my gosh, this is delicious.”
“Thank you.” Marliss’ voice came from the French doors that led into the kitchen. “A recipe I’ve perfected over the years.” The older woman, her short hair curly and jet-black, carried a festive Mexican platter with a variety of appetizers on it. She set them on the counter next to Rori and Jackson. “Dinner in fifteen minutes.”
“Thank you, Marliss.” He gestured to Rori. “I’d like you to meet Rori Hughes. She’s on contract with the company.”
Marliss nodded, but Rori held out her hand for a shake, and the housekeeper took it. “Glad to meet you, Marliss. I’m sure we’ve seen each other in town a few times.”
The woman smiled. “I think we were on the Founder’s Day cleanup crew together last year.”
“We were.” Rori smiled. “It’s nice to officially meet you.”
“Ditto.” Marliss gestured to a round table with four comfortable-looking chairs that sat under a huge sun umbrella by the pool. “I hope dining al fresco is agreeable with you, Ms. Hughes.”
“It’s Rori, please, and yes, I’d love to stay outside now that it’s cooled off a little.” Rori turned to look at the table. Behind her back, Marliss winked at Jackson and gave him a thumbs-up.
He shook his head and picked up the platter. “C’mon, Ms. Hughes. Let’s get comfortable and enjoy the best cookin’ in the tri-state area.”
They sat and picked at the amazing, spicy, southwestern-themed appetizers until Marliss carried out two covered plates, set them in front of them, and removed the covers to reveal a meal that smelled as delicious as any he’d had in expensive Mexican restaurants. They dug in.
“Wow, Lou is really good.” Rori set down her fork, patted her belly, then sipped at her second refill of margarita.
“Last night, he made me this steak....” Jackson had been amazed at the welcome he’d received from Marliss and Lou. They’d treated him like he was family, gave him the full tour, the codes for the doors, and the keys for the vehicles. After they’d shown him which bedroom his half-brother, Dylan, had used the week before, he’d chosen the one next to it, with a view of the lake. Marliss had even brought his supper to his room, where he’d sat at the table watching TV for a while until he gave it up and began counting the stars as they appeared over the lake.
“That good, huh?” Rori’s smile warmed him deep inside.
“Sorry, this is all a lot to take in.” He blinked down at the food on his plate. And it would be so easy to get used to. He looked toward the hillside behind the house. The orange glow told him the sun was getting close to the horizon. “C’mon.” He stood. “Let’s go watch the sunset.”
She jumped up and reached for her plate.
“Don’t touch that.” He glanced toward the kitchen, making a frightened face. “I learned the hard way that we don’t bus our own dishes. That’s Marliss’s job.”
“Oh, that’s too funny.” Rori lifted her hands as if in surrender. “Wouldn’t want to get into any trouble.”
He took her hand. “I have a feeling we’re going to get ourselves into a bunch of trouble.”
She stared at him, speechless, then opened her mouth and closed it again.
He liked that he could throw her off-kilter so easily. “C’mon.” Jackson led her around the side of the house and down the gradual sloping walkway to the sandy lakeshore. Three docks jutted into the water, two of them holding boats and a pontoon, the other longer, with personal watercraft, both motorized and paddle-driven, up on lifts. A gazebo sat at the end of the dock.
“This is pretty impressive.” Rori held tight to his hand, and it felt too right to Jackson. Like she was someone he’d known for a long time.
Outside the gazebo stood a swinging seat just big enough for two, and he gestured for her to sit.
She didn’t move, just looked up at him, the orange glow of the sun shimmering in her hair, sparkling in her eyes. “Jackson.”
“Darlin’.” He stepped closer, his belt buckle brushing against her stomach. “I’ve been wanting to do this all day.”
After glancing at the water, she blinked her pretty eyes up at him. “You want to throw me in?”
“Not hardly.” He slid his hands along her arms to her shoulders, slowly, gently, giving her plenty of room to say no. When she tipped her head, he had to take. Pressing his lips to hers, he let a wash of desire flood him, hardening him in his jeans and sending his thoughts to the two of them in his bedroom.
His tongue slid along the seam of her lips, tasting sweet and sour margarita, before he pressed it inside her mouth, experiencing the deep, warm spices of their supper mixed with the addictive flavor of her.
Her arms wrapped around his neck as she pulled herself closer to him, deepening the kiss.
Against his shirt, burning through layers of fabric, her nipples rubbed hard and hot against his chest. She let out a little moan that made him far too wild.
Sliding one hand down her back, he cupped her ass, squeezing the firm, ripe roundness as his tongue played with hers. Then it hit him. Rori was okay with this? He ended the kiss but stayed just an inch from her lips. “You know, I’m still a rodeo cowboy.”
Her eyes, unfocused and darker blue than the evening sky, shifted left, then right. “I know, but I’ve made peace with it.”
Backing away another inch, he narrowed his eyes. “How so?”
****
Rori shrugged. “First....” She thought for a few seconds.
“That’s how you like to get your points across, Ms. Hughes. Logically, and in perfect order.”
With a smile, she closed her eyes. “You noticed that in me?”
“Yeah. First....” He laughed. “It’s because it’s different from anyone else I know.”
“Is that why you like me?” She felt her face heat. Had she really just asked him that? And sounded like a teenager with her first crush?
“Oh, no, you don’t. You’re not changing the subject. You finish telling me your list.” He guided her to the swing and sat them hip-to-hip, his arm around her shoulders. “First....” he prodded.
“First, I know you’ll be leaving this town, probably never returning.” It killed her to realize she might never see him again, but facts were facts. “So the whole rodeo problem ends Sunday when you fly out of Kansas.”
He stared at her, but his lips thinned slightly.
“Second, people have seen us together, so gossip has more than likely spread to about half the population of Red Creek, and by tomorrow, we should have total saturation.”
A corner of his mouth quirked.
“You know they’re assuming we’re getting cozy, so we may as well do it.”
Jackson let out a laugh. “Those are your reasons? I’m short-term, and we’re assumed guilty already?”
She turned in to him, pressing her hand on his chest. His hard, well-developed chest, where his heart beat strong and fast. Warm tugs pulled at her core, and she barely refrained from pressing her thighs together and wiggling with the pleasure. “Um....” What had she been about to say? “No. Yes. No.” She shook her head a few times to clear it. “I feel this pull toward you, like a chemical reaction or a magnetic force.” She needed to admit it, to him and to herself. “From the moment you walked up to me at your company and then in your office, I thought I might just kiss you. For no reason.” Recalling those moments, her heart beat faster, too.
Jackson cupped her cheek and leaned closer. “Don’t need a reason.” He slanted his mouth on hers, opening his lips and sweetly running his tongue along her teeth, then tasting her mouth and teasing her tongue with his.
She laced her fingers through the back of his hair, thick and silky. She loved how it curled just a little around her fingers. With a tug, she ended the kiss and touched the tip of her nose on his. “Your turn.” Her voice came low and breathy, sounding too far gone for her own good.
“That voice of yours. The second I heard it, I got ideas.” His fingertip traced along her collarbone to the base of her neck, then moved slowly downward as his eyes followed the movement. “But when I looked around the corner and saw you....” His hand flattened under her breast, wrapping his fingers around her ribcage. He looked into her eyes. “I knew you wanted to kiss me.”
She laughed. “I think you started it. In your office, you leaned—” Her phone chimed. She pulled it from her pocket. “It’s my contact. He’s going to need a couple more hours to try to get the info we need.”
“Perfect.” He stood, holding out his hand to her. “I know how we’re going to spend those hours.”
Laying her palm on his, that magic jolt rolled through her again. She stood. “Not on a computer?” Her knees wobbled a bit, and she held tighter.
“Doesn’t sound like the most comfortable of positions, but if you’re into that kind of kink....” He wagged his brows at her.
She giggled. Again. Something she hadn’t done for years until she met Jackson Walker.
He tugged her closer and guided her next to him along the dock. Lights set into the edges of the boards guided the way back to shore. “There’s a side door with stairs up to the bedrooms.”
They moved quickly along the walkway, and between her desire and her anxiousness, she had a hard time catching her breath.
Wrapping his arm around her, he jostled her a little. “You okay? You look like you’re walking into a police lineup.”
How did she tell him it’d been a while since the last time? “I’m good.”
“Hm. Those are not exactly the words a guy wants to hear.” He stopped, set his hands on her shoulders, and turned her toward him. “If you’re not sure about this....”
She couldn’t remember ever wanting a man the way she craved this cowboy. Was it the bad boy aspect of his rodeo life? The fact that she’d never started a relationship with a man who she knew would be gone in a few days? Or just the big, sexy muscles and blue eyes that turned her tummy to jiggling jelly? “I’m sure, Jackson.” She took his hands in hers and backed toward the house. “Now stop your stalling.”
He grinned. “Yes, ma’am.”
In minutes they’d gotten in the house and up the stairs and stood in Jackson’s bedroom with the door closed behind them, the small lamp on the bedside table casting a romantic glow. The place was more rustic than she’d imagined after seeing the outside, but it fit Dusty’s personality. The log-framed king-size bed sat near the windows. Across from it, a couch and two chairs faced a flat-stone fireplace. The dressers and nightstand matched the bed, and a thick red rug covered most of the hardwood floor.
Rori pointed to a door. “Bathroom?”
“Yeah.” He dimmed the light. “Help yourself.”
She didn’t have any birth control, didn’t take anything. “Do you have…protection?” She gripped her hands in front of her.
His head shot up, his gaze locking with hers. “I do. But don’t think that just because we’re up here, I’ve gone past the point of no return.”
Damn, how had he gotten to be such a gentleman? She’d love to meet his mother someday. Giving herself a mental head slap, she reminded herself that this was temporary. Temporary! Rori walked to where Jackson stood by the window. “It’s gone past that point for me already.” Attempting a seductive smile, she felt her lips quiver a little. She really liked this guy. Liked everything about him so far.
He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her tight against him. “Good, ‘cause I’ve just about worn out my restraint.”
“Good.” Rori went up on tiptoes and kissed him.
Chapter Five
Rori let go of all her restraint, too, her lips taking what she wanted from Jackson, her tongue doing its own exploration of his mouth. How was it that he tasted like spices and sex all at the same time?
She pulled back and slid her fingers to the button at his chest. “I’m ready to see what I’m gettin’ myself into.” Unbuttoning each one slowly, she trailed her fingertips along his chest, loving the few hairs that curled around her fingers on her path downward.
Tugging his shirt from his jeans, she slid it back, down his big arms, and let him toss it aside. Defined pecs, nice six-pack abs, and a narrow, tight waist. “Yummy.” She leaned forward and kissed the spot next to one of his tight, flat nipples.
He growled. “My turn to unwrap my dessert.” Jackson pulled the bottom of her shirt up, she lifted her arms, and he dragged the thing off and threw it. His breath left him in a rush as he stared at the red lace demi-bra that showed more of her breasts than it covered. “Beautiful.” He cupped the sides of her breasts and ran his thumbs across the tight points of her nipples.
Rori’s eyes rolled back for a few seconds, and sweet chills shimmied across her skin. Licking her lips, she looked into his eyes as she reached for his belt buckle. It took a few seconds to unhook it, then she flipped open the button on his jeans and slowly dragged his zipper down.
His eyes turned a darker blue, and his breath came faster, moving his chest up and down in a primal rhythm that matched her breathing.
Pressing her fingers to the bulge at his open zipper, Rori felt a power fill her. The ability to make this strong, irresistible man desire her this much could become very addictive. “You’re hard.”
His lips curved upward as his hands slid down her sides to her waistband. “And I bet you’re soft.” Jackson poked the tip of his tongue between his front teeth. “And I bet you’re sweet and wet.”
Between her legs, she became just that, wet and hot and aching with the need to be touched by him, tasted until she came for him. “Guess you’ll just have to find out.” Wherever this uncharacteristic boldness came from, she’d make it work for her. And him.
He unbuttoned and unzipped her pants, then with the speed of a cobra, he picked her up in his arms and deposited her on the bed, catching one of her feet as she bounced up. “What’s with these shoes, darlin’?”
Her red, high-top canvas tennies always gave guys pause. “The rubber soles.” She watched as he unlaced her. “They don’t conduct any static electricity.”
Lifting one brow, he glanced at her face, then back to her foot. “Practical, yet quirky.” He pulled off her shoe, revealing her striped socks. “I wouldn’t have expected anything less.” He peeled off her socks and gazed at the coat of pink polish she’d slapped on her toenails this afternoon before heading over to his office.
She’d been called weird before, so his assessment of her wasn’t any kind of a shock. Rori was also tall, so even cowgirl boots sometimes made her inches taller than men she wanted to flirt with. But with Jackson, she could wear stilettos and still be eye-to-eye with him.
With his gaze locked with hers, he kissed each one of her toes.
And she giggled.
He laughed, made quick work of her other shoe and sock, then got down to business, pulling off her jeans and throwing them across the room.
The matching red lace panties felt soaked and warm between her legs. They grew even wetter as his gaze traveled along her legs to fasten on the spot where she needed his lips. “You’re beautiful, Rori. Desirable, sexy, smart, funny, interesting.” His gaze shot to her eyes. “After I taste you and make you scream my name....”
Her hips jerked up, and her vision flickered between darkness and light as sparks ignited in her belly.
“Then I’m going to try to figure out if you’re as perfect as you seem to be.” He slid his hands up her thighs and grasped her panties, pulling them down slowly. “Oh god, yes.” His voice quavered.
She’d spent a good hour in the shower this afternoon, buffing and shaving.
“So pretty. Bare naked and dripping honey to lure me in.” He tossed her panties in a different direction than her jeans, toed off his boots, then knelt between her legs, staring at her pussy.
Unable to stop it, her hips circled slowly, little movements that pumped up her desire, her uncontrollable need for him. Only him. Nothing, no one else, ever mattered the way he did right this second.
Jackson eased her legs open and lay between them, on his side, his soft hair brushing her thigh, his firm lips kissing his way up, slowly, staring at her, teasing as he moved closer.
“Your scent, patchouli, right?”
“Uh....” She didn’t remember which body scrub she’d used today, didn’t give a damn if she ever did, as long as he kept drawing closer, closer. Then he was there, his lips on her, touching and kissing every inch of her, down lower, lower, then up to the top of her mound where his tongue flicked inside to find her tight little bud.
She jerked and cried out.
“Easy, darlin’.” He kissed lower again, then spread her legs even further and stared at the quivering lips between her thighs. “If I thought you were beautiful before, holy hell, you’re like breath for a drowning man.”
So poetic, so sensual. She almost hated for him to stop talking, but she needed more from him. Letting out a little whine, she tipped her hips up toward him.
“Ah, let me guess. Telling me without words to get busy?” He pressed his tongue deep inside her canal, swirling it around and around as he sucked at her juices.
So close to climax already, buzzing started in her head, swirling and swelling until she felt nothing but his mouth on her.
Moving his tongue from her core to her clit, he used his thumbs to part her, looked closely at her, then dove in, taking her bud between his lips and sucking, rubbing his lips on her, touching her every… “Oh Jackson, yes!” The words blasted out of her as she stiffened and blew apart, her mind-shattering in a million different directions as her body flooded with heat, her core contracted tighter with each heartbeat. “Jackson.” The second wave hit her, making her shake and squeeze her eyes tight, flashing colors popping and shooting off in her head.
Slowly her body relaxed, her thoughts came back from their journey around the universe, and her eyes opened to see him smiling, kissing her pussy lips, and lapping up her cream. “Jackson. Wow. Like, double happiness.”
He laughed. “Even your bedroom talk is uniquely Rori.”
Feeling her cheeks heat, she gave him a slow smile. “I don’t want you to....” She almost said forget me, but that would throw a cold, wet blanket over the night. “…get bored.”
“Bored.” His expression shifted, darkening, his brows dropped, and his mouth turned down into a frown.
Had she made him angry?”
****
Jackson froze with the mixture of regret and loss that hit him like a freight train. How could she think he’d be bored with her? She was like no one he’d ever met. Not even like a new chapter in his life, but more like a whole new book he’d never seen before. Unique and quirky, absolutely, but also fresh and honest and smart as anyone he’d ever known.
He crawled up next to Rori and rearranged her so she lay tucked into him, her warm body reminding him how cold his nights were when he slept alone. Which was most always. He’d accept the favors offered from buckle bunnies on the rodeo circuit, but after their hours were up, he’d drive them home or leave their place, always returning alone to his empty bed.
It was his way of protecting them. He didn’t want to become like his father.
“Now, haven’t we forgotten something?” Rori’s hand brushed the front of his jeans where, inside his briefs, his erection prodded through his unzipped fly, thrumming even fuller with her touch.
“I think you might be right.” He shifted his hips, letting her tug his jeans down.
Her face in the soft light gave his heart a lurch. Pretty, honest, natural. Not practiced in the art of seduction like the women who went after rodeo cowboys.
Her fingers traced his hard cock through the soft fabric of his briefs. “I think you’re ready.”
“Darlin’, ready barely covers it.” If he didn’t rein himself in, he could pop off at just the touch of her hand. Easing the elastic over the bulge of his shaft, she exposed him, watching with wide eyes as he bobbed free, blood pulsing through his veins, hardening and lengthening him so quickly, his brain fuzzed for a few seconds.
“Oh, wow.” She quickly pulled off his remaining clothes and dropped them to the floor. Kneeling near his feet, she bit her lower lip and slid her hands along his shinbones.
Her gentle touch warmed him, shattered his calm, made him want her fingers brushing along every inch of his skin.
She moved slowly upward, circling, caressing, tracing scars, and rubbing the pads of her fingers in divots. “What do you like, Jackson?” Her gaze moved to his, and she blinked a few times. Was she nervous?
His usual dirty talk didn’t fit the moment, and he hesitated, thinking of the right way to phrase his request. A lazy guy, he enjoyed watching his women ride him, reverse or forward, sometimes both.
“Speechless?” She grinned and leaned forward, taking the head of his cock into her mouth.
The sight made him jerk and grab fistfuls of the quilt. Her beautiful lips on his shaft, her hair framing her face, her breasts about to spill out of her bra…which he should have removed by now, but unwrapping Rori a little at a time seemed to be his newest pleasure.
“Darlin’. So good.” He ran his fingers through her thick, silky hair as she teased him in slow motion, her tongue doing wild things, her mouth sucking strong and sure. The temptation to come in her hot mouth nearly did him in. “Ride me.” He couldn’t wait another minute to be inside her, and he opened the drawer on the bedside table.
Her head popped up, and her lips slid off him as he handed her a condom. She opened the packet and slid the thing on him, carefully and accurately. His breath caught for a second. She handled everything like her work ethic in the other pieces of her life. He’d take pleasure in watching her fall apart on top of him.
Crawling up his body, she kissed his ribs, his chest, his chin, then lapped her tongue along his lips. “You’d best hang on, cowboy, ‘cause this is gonna be wilder than any eight-second ride.”
He almost laughed at the cliché, but her eyes told him she was dead serious. Lifting his head, he kissed her, fast and wild, their tongues tangling, their breaths mingling. She ended the kiss, and he let her take charge, let her do what she wanted to him. He was content to lay back and enjoy the fuck out of whatever happened tonight. Why that didn’t bother him, he didn’t know, but he’d embrace it, let it be okay for him not to need to be in charge.
Lifting herself, she settled back, his cock brushing her soft inner thigh, blood heating his groin in anticipation. She grasped his shaft in her hand, moaning as she eased up, rubbed his blunt head along the hot, slick passage between her legs.
Jackson’s eyes rolled back as her warmth promised him heaven. Hold it together, cowboy. He couldn’t embarrass himself and shoot off the second she—
Rori dropped down onto him, her tight core fisting around him so snug and hot, he almost did what he’d sworn not to. Sucking in a breath, he lifted his head and stared at the perfection of his cock sliding deep inside her pussy. A picture he’d keep in his mind forever.
Dropping her head back, she shuddered and licked her lips.
“Damn, woman. You’re perfection.” He wanted to say more, let her know he could do this with her for the next hundred years and still be just as turned on, but neither of them wanted long-term. Right?
Her gaze met his, her eyes dark-blue as sunset now, her pupils enormous. “You’re so big.” She eased up, then back down, taking more of him inside her, welcoming him into her body.
“Take it slow, Rori. Take it any fucking way you want it.”
That put a naughty smile on her face, and she leaned forward a few inches, placing her palms on his chest, capturing his nipples between her fingers. “I want it crazy, Jackson.” Squeezing her fingers together, she pinched his nipples, causing ripples of lust to spread through his body.
With a groan, he sat forward and reached behind her, unhooking her bra and slowly pulling it from her. Her breasts popped free, showing off her cherry red nipples, the same color as her beautiful pussy, hardened and puckered. Cupping her breasts, he stared for long moments before moving in and sucking one into his mouth.
Her taste was sweet, the scent of her filling his nostrils as she puffed breaths in and out, then threaded her fingers into his hair. He moved his lips to her other breast, taking it in, teasing and nibbling on it.
“Oh, yes.” She lifted her body, sliding her pussy along his cock until only the head remained inside her. “This will work.”
He chuckled, his lips still locked on her nipple. The way she always said what was on her mind amazed him.
She dropped her body back onto his cock, impaling herself. He gasped a breath, releasing her nipple, and she pushed against his shoulders until he lay on the bed. Her gaze locked with his. “I need this. Right now.”
Damn, that sexy voice of hers nearly made him shoot off. He played with her nipples as she used her thigh muscles to ride him, slowly and thoroughly at first, then faster, gaining speed and pushing herself toward climax with the power of desperation.
She sat up, grasping his wrists to keep his hands on her breasts, using that to give her leverage as she bounced up and down quickly, her head dropping to the side as her breath came in rhythmic gasps. “Uh, Jackson.” She whispered the words, but to him, it was like a shouted order.
Moving his hand to the apex of her legs, he brushed his thumb against her mound, burrowing it in to find her hard little button. Her hands still clasped both wrists, the sexiest touch he’d ever experienced as her motion let her ride along his thumb.
Within seconds, she shook and cried out, a high-pitched scream that ramped up his desire until he nearly followed her over into climax. At the last second, he pulled himself in, holding his orgasm at bay.
She slowed her manic ride, her body flushing pink, her hands loosening her grip on his wrists, her head dropping forward, until with one last shudder, she went limp.
He caught her and eased her flat on top of him, her face nestled at his neck, her body hot, burning onto his. Sliding his rock-hard shaft from her, he wrapped his arms around her, letting her pant and shiver with the aftershocks of her orgasm.
“I’ve seriously never experienced anything that intense.” She whispered the words against his neck. “I can’t explain it. Just…so frickin’ weird.”
He chuckled, kissing her head between his bursts of laughter. Did this woman know how perfect her words sounded to him? How new and sincere? Something warm wrapped itself around his heart, filling his chest. Who was he holding in his arms? And how would he ever find the willpower to let her go?
Rori lifted her head, her eyes glazed, her cheeks bright pink. “But you’re still hard as steel.” She wiggled her hips, proving his erection still lay full and nearly painful with need. “And it’s my turn to tell you what I want.”
His hips jerked with the burst of lust her words evoked. “Anything you want, Rori, darlin’. Just name it, and I’m your servant.”
Chapter Six
Rori couldn’t stop shocking herself with the things she blurted out. It was her turn to tell him what she wanted? Where had that come from? It felt as if her two outrageous orgasms had drained all her normal thought processes away and left her without a filter between her brain and mouth. Well, worse than usual.
Lying flat on top of him, both of them bare naked, she pressed her hips softly toward his hard, sheathed erection. “Something I’ve always liked.” Looking around his bedroom in Dusty’s big house on the lake, she hoped he’d locked the door because she’d be doing some screaming when she got Jackson where she wanted him.
He smacked her butt. “You gonna tell me, or do I have to waste time guessin’?” His sexy smile belied his coaxing words.
“I like to be....” A flush of heat rose to her face. “On my hands and knees.” It felt so empowering to say what she wanted.
He froze for a second, then with a growl, he turned them to their sides, knelt beside her, and picked her up as if she weighed nothing. Placing her on her hands and knees in front of him, he massaged her butt cheeks, his hands firm, and his callouses abrading lightly, sending lovely aching contractions to her core, moistening her pussy lips.
With a moan, Rori arched her back downward, turned to look at him, and stared into the midnight blue of his eyes. “Do you like this position, too?”
His breath left him audibly as his eyes rolled back and his body shook. “Fuck yeah, darlin’. This is what you want. It’s what I love.”
His words crept into her soul and made her heart thump an extra beat. Love. How had a wild night of sex turned into love? She dropped her head, shaking it. No, this wasn’t love. This was—
In one slick motion, Jackson pushed his cock deep inside her waiting canal, pumping in and out, going deeper with each forward press, faster with each withdrawal. His fingers played along her back door, touching her anal opening softly, pulsing, pressing.
The combination of his thick cock inside her, his decadent play on her rosebud back there, and his fast, loud breaths turned her belly, her core, into hot, needy, quivering bliss. His pumping, his balls slapping hard against her bare pussy, sent electric currents up her spine to short-circuit her brain. “Jackson. Can’t. Hold. On.” She wanted to come with him, wanted them both to connect in those moments.
“Not yet, Rori. Hang on, darlin’.” He slid his hand upward along her spine. Everywhere he touched, tingles radiated outward, pebbling her skin, ending at her nipples where the pressure tightened her breasts.
Rori’s arms quivered, and she fought to keep herself up, struggled to hold back the climax that threatened to hack into her mind and send her soaring.
Jackson gripped her hips, moving her forward with each withdrawal, then slamming her back against him with each pump into her. The motion, the fullness, the feeling of his big cock reaching every hot spot inside her filled her brain with snapping static.
He roared and reached around her hip to her pussy and found her clit, rubbing fast and wild as his hips worked like a jackhammer, pumping his shaft into her faster and harder.
She shouted a laugh as her tension broke and raced out of her, twisting her reality and streaking like pieces of the sun through a black velvet sky. The keening cry of her own voice echoed in her ears, combining with his cries, his shout of, “Rori, darlin’. Oh hell, what have you done to me?”
Rori stayed suspended, floating in silent ecstasy for long moments until her shuddering body regained feeling, realizing she was hanging in midair in his arms. He laid her down on soft sheets, covered them with sweet-smelling blankets, and pulled her tight in masculine arms.
Without opening her eyes, she snuggled into Jackson, his chest rising and falling quickly with his breaths, his heart thudding under her palm, his skin moist with a musky coating of manly sweat. She loved every second of this. Kissing his chest, she licked her lips, tasting the salty, spicy perfection of him.
“That was insane. Amazing.” His voice rumbled from his chest where her ear pressed to his hot skin.
It was more intense than she’d ever experienced, but she’d already blurted out far too much with this cowboy. “Mmm-hmm.” A cowboy who would be leaving town in a few days. The thought set her stomach aching in a hollow sorrow. There could never be anything between them. In her mind, she knew that for a fact. But her heart beat out a different message.
Brushing back her hair from her face, he tipped his head and looked at her. “That’s all you got to say?”
“I wouldn’t know where to start.” And she didn’t want to make a blubbery fool of herself by worshiping at the feet of this sex god.
He laughed. “You usually start with, ‘First…’”
A smile curled her lips. “First…let me close my eyes for ten minutes and see if I have any strength left to talk.”
He kissed her forehead, reached for the lamp, and shut it off. “Fair enough.”
Rori didn’t know how long she had slept, but her phone’s ringing woke her. She lay in the same spot, but now half her body rested on top of Jackson’s, her head on his chest.
His chest rose as he yawned. “You need to get that?”
Her mind wouldn’t quite connect… “Kiwi.” She sat up, listening for the location of her phone in the pocket of her jeans.
Stroking her back, he cleared his throat. “Like the fruit?” He turned on the lamp.
She slid out of bed and located her jeans, pulling out her phone just as it stopped ringing. “No. Like the hacker.” Turning her head to face Jackson, she smiled at him, then took a glance down his long torso, narrow hips, semi-hard, beautiful erection, then down his legs, one that was bent, his knee pointing toward the ceiling. “Uh, what was I....”
He stacked his hands under his head and smirked at her, his eyes half-closed. “I’m enjoying my view as much as you’re enjoying yours.”
Rori blinked, then as her phone rang again, she looked at it and pressed answer. How did it get to be three in the morning already? “What did you find?”
Jackson motioned her over, and she pressed speaker as she wandered to the bed and sat on the edge of the mattress.
“Some crazy shit going on there in bumfuck Kansas, girl.” Kiwi’s monotone male voice came from her phone.
She bit back a smile. “I’ve got my boss here listening. Go ahead.”
Kiwi paused. “Sorry about the location dis, man.”
Jackson rolled closer, ending on his side with his head propped up on a bent arm. “No problem, brother. I feel the same way about the place.”
Rori had to hold back a frown. She didn’t feel that way. She loved almost everything about the town, except for the dating situation, but nobody was asking her opinion. “So, what is it?”
Jackson’s finger trailed from her shoulder down to her elbow, making her shiver with delight, causing her nipples to perk and tighten. She had to fight the urge to turn off her phone and pounce on the cowboy.
“These accounts? They’re being opened and closed in a short span of time, like less than a week.”
She frowned at Jackson, and he shrugged, so she asked, “What does that usually mean?”
Kiwi snorted. “Money laundering, drugs, terrorist activity, blackmail, asset hiding, tax evasion. You name it, it could be happening.”
“Who’s opening the accounts?” Jackson’s brows drew down.
Did he suspect his father of illegal activity? Rori couldn’t imagine Dusty doing anything illegal. Immoral—like having four illegitimate sons by four separate women—yes, but that was a far shot from breaking the law.
“A holding company out of Kansas City.” Typing noises came from the phone. “I haven’t isolated the owner yet, but I’ve called in a favor from my contact at the Federal…uh.” Kiwi sniffed. “From a friend.”
Jackson looked at her, shaking his head.
“He’s good,” Rori whispered.
“Damn right I am, girl.” Kiwi started typing again. “I’ll stay on it and get back to you.”
“Thanks, buddy. You’re the best.” She loved this guy like a brother.
“Stay out of trouble, Rori.” He hung up.
Jackson pointed to the phone. “He’s telling you to stay out of trouble? That’s a laugh.”
Setting her phone on the bedside table, she turned to fully face Jackson. “I don’t think I’ll be able to sleep anymore. What Kiwi said? I’m hyped to find an answer now. Can we do some poking at your dad’s computers?”
His brows lifted, and his mouth curved in a smirk. “Sure, why not? I can’t think of anything else I’d rather do right now.” His voice was laced with sarcasm. Brushing his knuckles along the side of her breast, he looked slowly down her body, causing tingles and shivers to course through her. 
“Ms. Rori, I’m naked, hard as a fencepost. I have the sexiest woman in the world in my bed, and miracles-do-happen, she’s just as naked, too.” His gaze shifted to her face. “So yeah, let’s go do a bunch of boring computer shit.”
She laughed as she pushed him onto his back and lay on his chest. “What if I promise that every minute we spend on computers, we’ll spend twice that long in bed afterward?”
He threaded his fingers in her hair and pulled her down for a kiss. “I need a down payment, darlin’.” That one kiss led to a second, then to an hour of the hottest missionary position sex she’d ever had.
****
After they showered and dressed, Jackson held Rori’s hand and led her down the front stairs. Lights popped on automatically, and she gasped as they entered the two-story magnificence of the great room that spanned nearly the entire first floor.
Heavy, dark wood, a two-story flat-stone fireplace, lots of leather furniture, and thick rugs covering the hardwood floors added to the rustic elegance.
“This is beautiful.” She stood in the middle of the room and turned slowly, her gaze trailing from the original western artwork to family photos. There were no photos of Jackson or his brothers or their mothers, only ones of Dusty, Theresa, and people he guessed were Dusty’s in-laws since he had no parents or siblings left alive.
“Yeah. It’s something, I guess.” The house sat on acres surrounding half the lake. If he ever wanted to build his own place, there’d be room… He grunted. Why in the flying fuck would he ever build here? He glanced at Rori. She didn’t want a rodeo cowboy, and he had no intention of changing his ways.
“What’s wrong?” She walked up to him and stared into his eyes. “You look like a hungry bear right now.”
“Just wondering what’s going to happen to this place.” Would they sell it? Turn it into a museum? Would one of his brothers decide to stay here in bumfuck, Kansas?
“Turn it into a bed and breakfast. Hire somebody to run it for you.”
He nodded. “A possibility.”
“It’s a little out of the way, but some folks like a quiet place to vacation.”
This wasn’t his problem. He just wanted to do his time here and get the hell out. And if the beautiful Rori Hughes wanted to help him pass the time—solving a computer mystery and sharing his bed—he’d be the happiest inmate in the history of probate incarceration.
“C’mon, let’s get something to eat first.” He took her hand and led her through the huge dark dining room into the big kitchen.
“This is like heaven.” She ran her fingers over the golden marble countertops, peeked in the double-wide refrigerator, then sat on one of the chairs at the counter.
“Like heaven? You said you don’t cook.” He leaned on the counter across from her.
“That doesn’t mean I can’t appreciate a room this awesome.” She swung her gaze back and forth. “Look, you can see out both sides of the house.”
He hadn’t noticed that before. Big windows framed the lake on one side, and on the other, French doors opened onto the pool deck that glowed with the blue of the underwater lights. “Yeah. It’s a showplace.” He opened the refrigerator. “What’re you hungry for?”
A half-hour later, full of reheated leftover Mexican food, they waddled down the hall toward Dusty and Theresa’s offices. “I haven’t checked out his computers. Or his office.” He felt a sorrowful tightening in his chest. His dad was dead, and no matter how angry Jackson was at him for his deceit, he’d loved the guy. He’d miss him. Missed him already.
He hadn’t seen Dusty as much, now that Jackson was older. Every couple of months, Dad showed up at their house in Oregon, and the three of them did the family thing. Dusty would bring Jackson out to job sites and along to contract negotiations, but Jackson hadn’t taken to the company’s business the way his dad wanted him to. 
It had to have been a disappointment for Dusty, but he’d never said anything. Possibly because dear old Dad had three other sons who were more competent and interested in the mineral company? 
As if she could sense his mood, Rori ran her hand up and down his arm. “I’m sorry. If this is too much too soon, we can wait.”
“No. I’m good. It just didn’t seem right before, but now that we have a purpose, I think it’d be wise to get this figured out before I leave.” He glanced at her.
Was that a wince? Had Rori winced when he mentioned leaving town? Or was it a little smile of relief? Hell. He had to get his shit straight. Just because she was the most interesting woman he’d met in as long as he could remember, and just because sex with her was friggin’ outstanding, didn’t mean it would be that way forever. Did it?
He stopped outside Dusty’s office and snapped on the overhead light. Rori walked in, moving around the desk then tapping on the keyboard. The monitor came to life, and she rolled Dusty’s modern leather chair closer and sat. The desk looked like it could have come from an old cowboy movie, and the room’s dark paneling gleamed like it’d been in place for a hundred years.
She kept typing as he wandered around the room, looking at the western and landscape paintings that looked original, a framed one-dollar bill, a tall bookcase filled with books on geology, and finally, the refrigerator-size safe that stood open. Had Dad’s attorney opened it? Or had Dylan last week?
“Nothing.” Rori shook her head, her nose less than a foot from the monitor. “I don’t find anything with the same name and nothing unusual.” She turned in the chair. “Do you know where his laptop is?”
They spent a few minutes searching until he found it in a briefcase in the safe. Rori took it and got busy while Jackson looked through the safe. Papers, legal stuff dealing with the company, the house and land, the airplane, and other holdings. A thin black leather box containing paperwork for Dusty’s four houses around the country was hidden among other similar boxes.
Evidently, his dad hadn’t let his wife see inside the safe. On the bottom, a big box with a cover on it sat at an odd angle. Jackson pulled it out and set it on a side table. He lifted the cover and found a stack of thick scrapbooks, the top one with a D on it. He pulled it out and flipped open the cover.
A baby picture, an announcement with Dylan’s name on it, a picture of a baptism with a minister, his dad, a blonde woman holding a blond baby. “Holy shit.”
“What is it?” Behind him, the desk chair squeaked.
He turned and held up a hand to stop her. “Nothing.” The word came out too sharp.
Rori stopped halfway-standing, then plopped down again. “Okay.” She swallowed before going back to the laptop.
He’d offended her, but he sure as hell wasn’t ready to share this. With anyone. The next book in the pile had an R on it. Rogue? He’d like to look through that one, see what kind of woman named their kid that. But he wasn’t ready to see one with a J on it. Not tonight.
Sliding Dylan’s book back into the box, he reset the cover and tucked the box back into the safe. He strolled over and sat on the desk next to Dusty’s laptop. “Find anything?”
“Just the same file he had on his work computer.” She touched the screen a few times, and the screen went black. Closing the laptop, she handed it to him. “Would you feel comfortable looking at Theresa’s computer?”
He took the laptop from her and walked to the safe, setting the computer back into the briefcase. Although he didn’t know Dusty’s wife, it felt odd to look at her personal stuff. But if it would help solve the mystery of the bank accounts… “I guess we should since Dusty named that file Theresa.” He gestured for her to go ahead of him, and they walked down the hall to the next room.
Theresa’s office was done in light oak, more modern than Dusty’s by about a century. Her desk looked delicate, and her pink floral chair matched the curtains. Rori slid right in and fired up the computer while Jackson looked for a safe but found none. He opened the desk drawers to see if she had a laptop but didn’t find one. He’d ask Marliss about it in the morning.
“Got that printout?” Rori held out her hand to him.
He tugged the folded papers from his pocket and handed them to her, and she spread them flat on the desk and started typing again.
Jackson would love to go back into his dad’s office and do more snooping, but it could wait until tomorrow. He glanced at Rori. Unless she didn’t have work and wanted to stay here with him for the day. Scratching his jaw, he considered his abnormal behavior. Wanting a woman to stay in his bed all night? Spend the entire next day with him? That wasn’t his usual pattern.
What was it about this lady? He leaned against the wall behind her, watching her efficiently clicking away at the keyboard, not even looking at the keys. Had he ever been clenched in a post-orgasm snuggle with a woman and had her jump up naked and announce that she wanted to go work on a computer? He couldn’t help the grin that broke out on his face. That had been a brand new experience for him.
“Okay, she doesn’t have that same file, but I did find something.” Rori practically buzzed with excitement. “I searched documents around the date of the first entry on Dusty’s list.” She turned the monitor toward him. “See this document? It’s an invoice. From a private detective.”
Chapter Seven
Rori watched Jackson’s face as he read the invoice on Theresa’s monitor.
He moved closer and read it again. His brows dropped. “What does this mean?”
She pointed to the date on the monitor. “Eight years ago.” Rori turned and shuffled through the papers Jackson had printed at this dad’s office, then she pointed to the first date. “A week after the first payment Dusty made.”
“Or received?” Jackson sat on his heels next to her chair. “We didn’t think of that. Could he have been the one getting this money? Not paying it?”
“It’s possible.” She caught Jackson’s gaze. “But he has a heck of a lot of money in the bank. Liquid assets that total millions.” She pressed her lips together for a second. “Chances are better that he’s paying this rather than receiving it.”
“You’re right.”
“But it’s a possibility he was getting this money. Taking it out of these other banks in cash.” Which smacked of money laundering.
Jackson pulled out his phone and typed. “I’m gonna have Abby pull bank records for a few months and look for these amounts.”
“Good idea.” She opened another window on the computer. “Let me search on this guy’s name and see what else comes up.” Typing in Harold Logan, she clicked search and found only an e-business card. “He’s from KC. Want me to print this stuff out? Or email it to you to save a part of a tree?”
He grinned. “You and your new-age cloud crap.” Getting to his feet, he leaned over the desk and turned on the small printer. “Best keep my email out of this computer.”
She pressed print. “Now you’re thinking like a true detective.”
After reading the papers, he folded them with the rest and stuck them back in his pocket. “Until we hear back from your hacker, I guess we’re done detecting?” He set his hand on her shoulder and twirled his thumb in a sensual circle on her collar bone.
A blast of arousal rallied deep inside her, spreading to her breasts and all the way down to the needy lips between her thighs. He was diverting her from her curiosity about what they’d found on Theresa’s computer, but she could understand his need to keep it private.
She shut down the computer and stood, sidling in and getting right in his space. “We’re done computering and detecting. We’ve already eaten, and I don’t like watching TV.” She licked her lips and set her hands on his hips.
“There’s a gaming console or ten in the billiards room.” Jackson tugged her close, his hands sliding to her lower back, his hips working against hers, pushing the hard flesh behind his zipper into her belly. “You wanna do that?”
“I don’t wanna do anything in the billiards room.” She leaned forward, brushing the hard points of her nipples against his chest, rendering the layers of cloth between them practically nonexistent, the way her body responded.
“Skinny dip?” He leaned in and kissed the corner of her mouth.
“Maybe another time. You’ve got to get me home before sunrise, you know. Else we’d give the whole town even more fuel for the gossip fire.” Not that he cared, but she did. She had to live here.
“So you’re saying, all my efforts to entertain you are just a waste of time?” Spreading his legs a bit, he cocked his hips just right, pushing his groin against hers, getting that tingling started inside her once again.
Rori nodded. “Waste. Of. Time.”
He grabbed her ass and pulled her up along his body. “Good.” He kissed her, quick and thoroughly.
She nearly melted into a soft blob as his tongue took what he wanted, gave her everything she needed. In minutes, they were upstairs in his bedroom, peeling off each other’s clothes. She grinned. “This is all the entertainment I was hoping for, Jackson.” She grasped his cock in both her hands and knelt. “And consider this…my favorite version of recreation.”
****
Jackson sat in his father’s chair in the home office, the box of scrapbooks on the desk, front and center. The sun poked above the horizon, shining through the window right onto the box as if a sign from above.
He’d gotten Rori back to her building and safely inside an hour ago, but when he’d arrived back at the lake house, he couldn’t rest. The box kept calling to him, but he wasn’t motivated to dive in yet, so he’d been sitting and staring.
Which option was less appealing? Looking through his own book or those of his brothers? Jackson wasn’t in a place where he was ready to forgive his dad yet, and he sure as hell wasn’t prepared to get to know every damn detail of his half-brothers’ lives.
Footsteps padded along the hardwood floor outside the door. Marliss walked past, then backed up and looked at him. The blue of her cotton top and pants was broken up only by her white apron. “Good morning.” Her gaze shifted to the box on the desk. “Or is it?” She pulled a sorrowful face.
“I don’t know, ma’am.” He should call his mother, get some guidance from her, but as long as Marliss was right here and seemed to know what was in the box… “What’s the story behind these?” He gestured to the scrapbooks.
She walked in and perched on the arm of one of the guest chairs. “Your dad had a PO box in Kansas City.”
A secret PO box. “That was how he had his baby mommas contact him?” The words snapped out of him before he could temper them some.
She fiddled with the hem of her apron. “If that’s how you want to put it, yes.” Her gaze met his. “But if I were a bettin’ woman, I’d wager they were more than that to him. That you were more than that to him. Especially with the care he took with those scrapbooks.”
This woman and her husband had been with Dusty and Theresa since the beginning, since Dusty married Theresa and took over her family’s company. “You knew about us.”
With a nod, she let out a breath. “We did.” She pulled her phone out of her pocket and texted.
He waited, a little irritated that the conversation they were having was less important to her than whatever she needed to communicate through her phone.
Tucking the phone away, she sat in the chair. “What questions do you have for me?”
Jackson opened his mouth, then closed it. What kind of questions did he want to ask a complete stranger about things his father had shared with her?
“What was Theresa like?” That was safe.
Marliss talked about the woman, about how she’d changed over the years from a quiet, determined woman to a very proper, cool, well-mannered socialite, connecting with other wealthy women in the area and often traveling to Kansas City for events. Jackson could understand it happening, especially when Theresa realized that Dusty would be gone ninety percent of the time.
“Jackson.” Marliss’ eyes looked moist. “Ms. Theresa didn’t want children.”
He felt the blood drain from his face. That’s what Benner had said, too, but it just didn’t make sense. Why marry a woman who didn’t want kids when Dusty evidently did? Desperately enough to father four.
She shifted in her chair. “Lou and I knew this from hearing them shouting at each other. Ms. Theresa didn’t tell him until after they were married, after they’d built this big house, and Mr. Walker was running the company. I think it made your dad a little crazy.” She waved one hand. “Not in a bad way, but that’s when he started traveling a lot. Staying away from home most of the time.”
Jackson could almost commiserate with his dad. Almost. Not to the point of forgiving him for deceiving five women the way he had done.
Footsteps sounded, then Marliss’ husband, Lou, stood in the doorway holding a heavy-laden tray.
So that was who Marliss had texted.
“Heard there was a party in here?” Lou gave a crooked smirk and stepped inside, his long, fit body and handsome face—even for a sixty-year-old—giving him the appearance of a movie star. Especially with that full head of gray hair.
Jackson picked up the box and set it on the floor so Lou could set down the tray.
Lou poured three cups of coffee, handed one to his wife, set one on a coaster for Jackson, then took his and sat in the chair next to Marliss.
The scent of cinnamon and freshly-baked sweet dough hit Jackson, and he automatically reached for one of the rolls, the warm frosting coating his fingers. He stuffed about half of it in his mouth and couldn’t help the groan that escaped him.
Marliss patted her husband’s forearm. “Another satisfied customer.”
Lou sat quietly. The man didn’t say much, but he didn’t have to when his wife was around.
“Jackson was just wondering about the scrapbooks.” She crossed her legs. “We found out about you boys when you were just a few years old. Your father seemed almost glad that someone knew his secret. He talked with us about you…all of you.” Leaning forward, she stared into Jackson’s eyes. “He really did care about you.”
Jackson scratched his head. “The one thing I can’t figure out was why he didn’t let us know we had brothers.” The faces of his three siblings popped into his head. Killian, taller than the others, that black hair and black eyes matching the anger Jackson sensed rolling off his brother. The guy was a smartass, though, and Jackson had appreciated the way Killian had handled the attorney at the reading of the will.
Rogue’s hair had looked nearly the same color as Jackson’s, but the guy had those clear green eyes. Smart as all shit, Rogue had a cool aura around him, like nothing bothered him. And the youngest, Dylan, his hair almost blond, with that amusement in his hazel eyes. He’d blurted out a whole lot of the stuff Jackson had wanted to say but couldn’t find words in his state of shock.
“Can’t rightly answer that.” Lou frowned. “While we were happy to listen, it wasn’t our place to question your father’s decisions.”
Jackson looked down at the box on the floor. These scrapbooks would let him get to know his brothers. But there was nothing that’d help him understand Dusty. Why he’d kept four women in different parts of the country, and why he’d kept his sons ignorant of each other.
Marliss stood. “Why don’t we give you some space, and if you have questions, just text us, and we’ll come back.”
He looked up at the woman. She would have been an amazing grandmother to have around while he was growing up. “Thanks.”
Lou stood. “I’ll bring your breakfast in here.”
Jackson nodded. He’d confessed to Lou the morning before that he ate the same thing every morning: scrambled eggs, breakfast meats, and pancakes. Some days, like yesterday, twice a day. “Thanks, Lou. I’d appreciate that.”
The couple left, taking their cups with them. Jackson slid the computer over to one corner and pulled out the scrapbooks, laying them side-by-side according to the age of each Walker boy.
He set his jaw. It’d be Killian first, then Rogue. He’d skip his own and look at Dylan’s next. Save his own for last. He had the feeling it would be less traumatic reading his own after getting a look at the others. Or maybe he was just chicken-shit and wanted to put it off as long as possible.
Refilling his coffee cup, Jackson shoveled down another one of Lou’s amazing cinnamon rolls, then settled back, sliding Killian’s scrapbook in front of him. He opened the front cover, and there was his dad, the woman who must be Killian’s mother, with her black hair and eyes, and baby Killian, maybe just a few days old with a shock of black hair. And the homeliest face Jackson had ever seen on a baby. Laughing, he sent a text to Abby at the office, telling her he’d be working from home for a few hours.
Flipping the page, he settled in to learn what he could about the three men he’d been thrust into brotherhood with. The thought didn’t upset him as much as it once had.
****
After a huge breakfast, a few more rolls at around ten, and a fantastic lunch of cheese-stuffed hamburgers and homemade fries, Jackson chose to set aside his own scrapbook and look at it later. He had enough to take in with the life history of his three brothers.
He stepped out of the house into the heat of the early afternoon. After the chill of the air conditioner, it almost felt good. As he walked across the grass, he pulled his phone out of his pocket and pressed his mother’s number.
“Hello, honey.” Sapphire’s soft voice carried across the miles. “How are things going?” 
“Going well. People are nice.”
His mom laughed. “Thanks for the detailed update.”
He grinned. “I’ll fill you in when I get home Sunday. I’m taking lots of pictures like you asked.”
“Thanks. I’m just…curious. You can understand that.” Her voice came out sad and breathy.
“I do, Mom.” He didn’t know how to bring up the subject of the scrapbook.
“Any surprises?”
Jackson thought of the document with the bank account numbers, but his mother wouldn’t be interested in that. “The house is on a lake. I didn’t expect that.”
“You know how much your dad loved to be out on the ocean.” Her voice caught on the last words. “I always pictured him living near the water somewhere.”
Jackson scraped the toe of his boot in a dry patch of the lawn. “Yeah. He sure has it here.” Would his mother ever want to come to Red Creek? See the business and house that Jackson now owned a stake in? He gazed out over the lake. Lots of lakefront here. If he could take a portion for himself, build a little house… Hell, what was he thinking? Setting down roots was not in the future for him.
“Mom?” He had to ask her about the scrapbook.
“Yes, honey?”
“Did you know about the post office box in Kansas City?”
She stayed silent for a while. “I did. I’m guessing you found your dad’s stash?”
“Yeah, he put it all in a scrapbook.”
“Really? He never mentioned that.”
Jackson snorted. Probably the only way the old man could keep his four boys’ lives straight. “I looked at the other three, but I haven’t looked at mine yet.”
“You should.” Sapphire hummed softly. “He was still your dad, no matter who else called him dad, too.”
Her words hit a nerve deep in his heart while they generated thoughts in his head.
“Honey, I’m sorry, I have to go. I’m in the middle of a class of fourth-graders, and you can imagine....”
He laughed. “I sure can. Love you, Mom. See you soon.”
“I love you too, honey. Call anytime. Take care of yourself.” She ended the call.
Jackson slipped into the driver’s seat of the company pickup. How the hell did he know if he was taking care of himself or not?
He set his hands on the wheel, imagining his dad sitting right here, in this exact same position just weeks ago. Now here he was. Strange how like can change so quickly.
When he’d been looking through Killian’s scrapbook, he’d turned the last page to find a plain white envelope with Killian’s name in Dad’s writing on it. Jackson had jerked back as if the thing might explode on him. He’d quickly checked Dylan’s and Rogue’s, too. Sure enough, each of them had an envelope, too. Strange, because Dylan had been here in Red Creek last week. Maybe he didn’t find the scrapbook. 
Jackson almost wished he and his brothers were on texting terms. He’d like to contact his youngest sibling and ask him about it. Ask him about the town, the business. “Ah, hell. Do I really want all that complication in my life?” It’d damn sure be a big adjustment.
He got the truck started and headed to town. The sure knowledge that his own scrapbook would also have an envelope in it made him a little jumpy. What had Dad needed to say to him—to all of them—that he didn’t want to say in person? Or through his attorney? 
Jackson’s thoughts went down a hundred different paths on that drive into Red Creek, but despite his curiosity about that envelope, he didn’t want to read whatever was inside it. He didn’t even want to look at the damn scrapbook, but his mother was the wisest person he knew. Since she thought he should, he would crack it open. Someday. 
He parked behind the building and did a little exploring by the river. D. Walker Mineral was the largest building on this side of the street, nearly reaching the river’s edge. Steep, rocky banks would hold the runoff from heavy rains without damaging the foundation of the building. An interesting metaphor for the situation he was in right now with his brothers. Would the four of them be able to hold the business together? Or would the fallout from Dusty’s actions wash everything away?
“Deep, Jackson. Like some kind of misdirected cowboy poetry.” He tossed a rock into the water and trudged back around the building.  Walking through the front door of the office, he nodded to Abby and headed down the hall.
“Mr. Walker.” Her sing-song voice stopped him.
“Yes, Mrs. Hollister?” He turned, giving her a smirk. She was one of his favorite people in town. Her and Vic and Elaine and Cubby and his wife Sherry, and Marliss and Lou. And jeez, Rori. Last night…holy hell. The woman had already become an obsession.
“I have those bank reports you wanted.” She stood and spread papers along the high counter. “I printed them out because I know how you hate that computering stuff.” She winked.
He nodded. “Much appreciated, ma’am.”
Abby blushed a little, then pointed to a number. “This amount was deducted from the general fund account.” Moving to the next paper, she pointed to the same amount. “And again the next month.” She pointed to the next paper. “Here again.” Frowning, she looked up at him. “I checked back a few years, and the same day every month, this amount, or one just a bit smaller, went out every month. Dusty categorized it as General Miscellaneous Reserve.” After glancing behind her, she turned and leaned toward Jackson. “Which means jack shit.”
He laughed, surprised at her honesty. “That’s what I was thinking, too.” He didn’t want Abby to continue to look into this or to say anything to anyone. “I know what it was for, so we’re good.” Jackson gathered up all the papers, folded them, and shoved them in his back pocket, along with the other papers Rori had printed out for him. Pretty soon, he’d be carrying around a frickin’ briefcase full of them. That visual made him half nauseous.
“Okay.” She didn’t sound completely certain. “But if you want me to do more looking, I’ll be glad to.”
“Thanks. I got this. We’re all set.”
“You’re welcome.” She held up a small pink paper. “And guess what? You’ve had your first business phone call.” Handing it over, she smiled. “Rori has that information you were looking for but didn’t want me to call and interrupt you at home.”
He looked at the note. Data on those numbers has come in. Call or stop by. Spinning on his heel, he strode to the door. “Thanks. I’ll be back.”
“Take your time.” Another sing-song answer.
Was the whole town talking about them? He stepped out into the hot midafternoon sun, the humid air making his dark green cotton button-down hot as an oven as he checked for traffic and cut across the street. If there was a rush hour here, he’d bet it consisted of seven, maybe eight, cars at the most.
He pushed open the glass door of Cyber Wise, and the cool air hit him as a buzzer went off overhead.
“Be right there.” Rori’s voice carried from the back of the building.
Wandering past the rows of computers, he shook his head. How did he and Rori, two such opposite people, end up having sexual chemistry that exploded like rodeo fireworks?
She stepped into the room, and all Jackson could see was that beautiful face lit with a glowing smile. The little makeup she’d drawn on made him more than half-hard down below, and her usual jeans, logo T-shirt, and high-top tennis shoes gave him wild ideas about locking up the store and taking her upstairs.
He advanced on her, and she shook her head. “Oh, no, you don’t.” She held up one finger. “It’s business hours. We can’t just—”
Jackson pulled her against him, nibbled on the tip of that one tempting finger, and pressed his lips on hers, swallowing her last words, tasting coffee on her tongue. He could kiss her for hours. “Don’t you have a Closed sign?” He licked a path along her lips.
She sighed and rubbed closer to him. “I do, but I have a customer coming in this afternoon.”
“I’d offer to make it a fast one, but that’s not what a woman wants to hear.”
She raised her brows and smiled.
“Or does she?” He cupped the side of her breast.
“Let me show you what Kiwi found first.” She backed away a step, gestured for him to follow, then turned and walked to the back of the store.
“I always picture him green and fuzzy.” He followed, walking a little crooked due to the swelling cock pressing hard against his jeans.
She sat at a chair next to a huge table full of electronics and typed on a laptop. “The guy is pretty fuzzy, but definitely not green.” She turned the computer toward him.
He leaned closer, placing both hands on the table, looking at the monitor. “What is this?” The same name appeared over and over.
“This is the person who opened and closed these accounts.” She pulled a face.
Shaking his head, he straightened, his hands fisting at his sides. “This has got to be some kind of a mistake.”
Chapter Eight
Rori turned the laptop back toward her, scrolling through the file her friend Kiwi had sent that morning. Each one of the accounts on Dusty’s list had been created by his attorney, the town’s attorney, Stanley Benner.
Jackson’s face grew pale. “What the fuck does that mean?”
She sat back in her chair. “I don’t know. You’ll have to ask Benner.” She’d been cogitating on that question all morning. Another thing that seemed too convenient to be a coincidence was the close proximity of the date of Theresa’s private investigator’s invoice and the fact that Dusty had named the file after his wife. Was that part of this mystery? It had to be. “But Benner’s out of town until Friday.”
His gaze shot to hers.
“I checked when I got this list.” If Benner had been in town this morning, she would have gotten in touch with Jackson even if she’d had to drive out to his house and barge her way in. They hadn’t exchanged phone numbers. The thought gave Rori an empty feeling in her stomach.
He paced the room, back and forth a few times, then pulled out his phone. “I could call him, but I want to see his face when I confront him with this.” His words came out clipped, his jaw tight. Dialing, he looked at her then put the phone to his ear. “This is Jackson Walker. I’d like to make an appointment with Mr. Benner.” He paused. “Yes, this is urgent, but no, I don’t want to do this over the phone.”
A few minutes later, he hung up. “Friday, one in the afternoon. He flies in that morning.” Jackson paced again. “It’s going to drive me crazy, imagining what deviousness Benner and Dusty were up to.” He pulled out a stack of folded papers from his back pocket and sat on the corner of the table. “Here’s what Abby found.” Jackson showed her the money going out of Dusty’s account, then frowned at her. “What was this? Were they into something illegal together? Was Benner scamming Dad?”
“It could be either of those things. I don’t know. It doesn’t add up when you throw in that private eye invoice Theresa had. Be sure to show Benner that invoice, see if he—”
“Uh uh.” He folded the papers and stuck them in his pocket. “You’re comin’ with me.”
“To see Benner?” She hadn’t expected that.
He took her hands and pulled her out of the chair. “Yeah, to see Benner.” He nodded toward the front door. “But first to turn that Closed sign, then to get hauled upstairs for a few hours.”
Rori couldn’t resist those sweet eyes, those full, sensual lips that she could almost feel on her nipples and lower, on the soft spots between her legs. Pulses of heat throbbed down low, spiraling a muzzy compliance through her whole body. Glancing at the time on the laptop, she nodded. “I’ve got an hour and a half before—”
Jackson tugged her with him to the front door, flipped the sign while she set the locks, and turned off the lights.
“You’re gonna get me in trouble, cowboy.” This time, she pulled him along with her to the back of the building and up the steps to her apartment.
“I didn’t mention it, but trouble is my middle name.” He said it so seriously, she stopped mid-stairway and turned to look at him.
The grin on his face needed kissing so badly, she ran the rest of the way up the steps, hauling her willing bronc rider with her.
****
Four hours later, Rori stood at the front door of Cyber Wise and said goodbye to her customers, an older farm couple who were looking for a new computer system. She’d had lunch with the wife, Grace, a few times, and they’d bonded quickly.
The woman waited inside until her husband walked out the front door. “Rori, please don’t take this the wrong way, but you look tired. Is everything okay?”
Rori wasn’t so much tired as she was afterglowing. The last hours had been torturous, trying to concentrate on computers when all her mind could focus on was the wild, amazing sex she and Jackson had had up in her bedroom. And on the couch. And in the kitchen.
“I haven’t been getting enough sleep.” Two hours earlier, when Grace had called from outside the locked front door, Rori had wrestled into her clothes while showing Jackson where the back door and outside exit were. Now, she was ready for a nap. Up all night with him the night before, worn out by their afternoon delight.
“I’ve heard you’re getting to know Jackson Walker.” Grace smiled, but Rori knew she was looking for some inside information.
Rori could feel her face heat. “I work for his company.”
“That’s not really an answer.” She looked outside, where her husband waited patiently for her in the hot sun. “I’ve got to run, but don’t you worry about me spreading gossip.” Grace winked at her. “I’m just happy you’re having some fun, finally.”
“Thanks.” She liked the woman but dreaded the weeks and months after Jackson left Red Creek when Grace and everyone else in town would be looking at Rori with pity in their eyes. “I’ll call you when the computers are ready to be installed.”
Grace gave her a finger wave and left the building, taking her husband’s arm as they walked down the sidewalk.
Rori missed her own folks. They’d be back from vacation soon to start getting prepared for the school year, and she’d make a trip to KC to visit them. Her stomach rumbled. She hadn’t eaten since breakfast, and as she reached to lock the door, she spotted Jackson jogging across the street smiling at her.
Where the hell did that man get his energy? She quickly flipped the Closed sign and turned off the lights, laughing when his jog turned into a full-out run.
She stepped back out of the way as he pushed in through the door. “You wouldn’t lock me out, would ya, darlin’?”
Rori scanned the street to make sure they weren’t being watched, then stepped up to him for a kiss. Short and sweet, it still made her want to haul him upstairs with her. They hadn’t tried out her shower yet…
“Grab your swimsuit. Let’s go to my place and get out on the lake.” The sparkle in his eyes had her envisioning a younger, less cynical Jackson.”
“You know how to drive a boat?” She set her hands on her hips and raised one eyebrow.
“I grew up a block from the ocean. Yes, I know how to ‘drive’ a boat.” He opened the door. “I’ll get the truck and pick you up—”
“Out back.” She shuffled him out of the building. “Pick me up out back in five minutes.”
He looked confused, then nodded. Rori locked up and ran up the stairs, trying to remember where she’d stored her swimsuits. Had she offended Jackson, asking to be picked up out back? Better that than out front, where half the town would witness it. She and Jackson would already be a hot topic around the bars and the restaurant. No sense adding more gasoline to that conflagration of gossip.
She pulled her one-piece out of the closet, then grabbed the two-piece as well, and stuffed them, with shorts and a tank top plus flip-flops, into a big Cyber Wise branded tote bag.
Checking the back of the building from her bedroom window, she didn’t spot any cars or pedestrians. Since when did she care who knew she and Jackson were together? Wasn’t that her reason for hooking up with him? Everyone was already talking. May as well make the best of the short time they had together.
That reminder hit her like a brick to the chest, and she rubbed the spot over her heart. “It’s not because of Jackson leaving.” Talking to herself always helped her sort out her thoughts. She grabbed her sunglasses and trudged down the steps to the back door, stepped outside, and hid behind her big white Cyber Wise van. “It’s because you do care what people think of you, silly girl. No matter what you tell yourself.”
She’d repeat that every time she ached thinking about him leaving. Something that’d been happening far too often for her own good.
****
Jackson gunned the double inboards on the big-ass pontoon, propelling them out onto Osprey Lake, and put his arm around Rori, who sat next to him in shorts and a skimpy pink bikini top, her giant, round sunglasses covering half her face.
She rubbed her hand along his bare abs, causing lust to clench low in his gut. He took a breath. Tonight wasn’t about finding new sex positions and exploring each other’s sensual triggers. He wanted to have fun with her, show her he wasn’t in this just for the sex.
But wasn’t this week with her just about sex? True, it was, but he’d needed somebody to have fun with, to spend time with, and not just spend every minute together naked and intertwined. Although, the thought of that made him hard as a hammer.
Rori pointed to a big white bird flying across the lake. Osprey Lake was figure-eight shaped, and he’d learned that he and his brothers now owned over half the shoreline. Convenient for privacy.
His stomach rumbled. “Okay if we eat first?” He spoke into her ear as the cool air the lake rushed by them.
“First?” She kissed his shoulder. “What do you have planned for seconds?”
He laughed. Damn, she was naughty, and he loved it. “Seconds we’ll have to figure out on the fly.” And not the one on his swimming trunks. They’d changed in the house then walked down to the docks where two pontoons, three power boats, a sailboat, and kayaks, canoes, and wave runners stood lined up and ready to go. He eased back the throttle and turned them in a slow half-circle until they faced his dad’s big house on the hill. “Quite the impressive shack.”
“Yep.” She shrugged. “To me, it almost seems like Theresa needed the biggest house in the county.” She looked up at him. “Dusty just wasn’t the type. You know what I mean?”
“I do.” He cut the engine and let them drift. The place had rustic touches, which had to be Dusty’s doing, but from the outside, it looked like a house that could have been built for any rich family anywhere around the country. “He got the inside. She got the outside.”
“Exactly.” They floated silently, the only sound coming from birds on the shore. When the pontoon stopped moving completely, Jackson got up. “Lou said the boat is fully stocked.” He opened a small aft refrigerator. “Yeah. Beer, white wine, margaritas.” He looked at the plastic bottles on top of the fridge. “Red wine, vodka, gin, whiskey. This must be the party barge.”
“I guess so. Wow.” She stood beside him. “One of Marliss’ margaritas would taste like heaven right now.”
He poured the slushy drink from the plastic pitcher into a tall cup, then selected a can of beer for himself. “I’ll get the grill started.”
“A Grill? Fancy party barge.” She sipped her drink, looking around at the seating areas and the pop-up changing room/head at the back. “With a potty on board, too? I could live on this boat.”
He lifted the stainless steel grill from inside one of the bench seats and hung it over the edge of the railing, clicking the ignite button until the propane caught. “If you could figure a way to get a power cord out here for those machines of yours, you’d be all set.”
“Yep.” She settled on a seat across the deck from the grill. “Add internet and cell service, and I could be Cyber Wise Ahoy.”
Jackson groaned, winking at her.
“Sorry. I’m bad at puns.”
He sat next to her and held up his beer can. “Bad at puns, good at everything else.”
She shook her head but tapped her cup to his. “I don’t know about everything, but I have been surprising myself with how good I feel when I’m with you.” Her eyes widened, and her face turned red. “I meant in bed.” Puffing out a breath, she looked away. “Awkward.”
Jackson took her chin between his thumb and finger and turned her face back to his. “Darlin’, I’m a big fan of you saying what’s on your mind without holdin’ back.”
She smiled a little. “It’s one of those bad habits I may never get over.”
Staring into her eyes for long moments, he gave in to the urge to open up to her some. “Don’t try to. It’s what makes you special.” He kissed her, tasting the tang and sugar of her drink, then letting his tongue tickle the roof of her mouth.
When he ended the kiss, she breathed rapidly for a few moments.
He liked making this amazing woman lose her breath. Jackson slid an arm around her, watching the sun settle behind clouds on the horizon. “It’s gonna be a nice sunset.” He kissed her temple. “Fitting, since I saw drove into the sunrise after dropping you at home this morning.”
“You’re going to wear me out, cowboy.”
“I’m doin’ my best, darlin’.” He took a long pull on his beer.
“What kept you at home this morning?” 
He wasn’t sure if he was ready to talk about it yet, but he appreciated how direct she liked to be. Rori wasn’t a secret-keeper, that was for sure. She said what was on her mind.
After his chat with Marliss and Lou, and a few hours looking through his father’s memories of Jackson’s three brothers, he felt the need to talk with someone. Someone not so closely attached to the situation, the way his mother was.
“I found a box in Dusty’s safe.” Jackson knew he could trust Rori with the information, but did he trust himself not to get emotional about what he’d found?
Rori just nodded and looked at him. She didn’t push.
“It seems my dad kept a scrapbook on each of his sons.” Once that was out, it didn’t seem so monumental.
“That’s great.” She pressed her lips together for a few seconds as if trying to decide how to proceed. “You looked at them?” Rori went with her usual straight-on approach.
He nodded. “I looked at my brothers’ books. They started with baby pictures and went all the way up to current.”
“Hm.” She sipped her drink.
Throughout the day, Jackson’s thoughts had drifted back to those books, remembering small details about Dylan’s band, or Killian’s expertise with ropes, or Rogue’s skills at the poker table. All three were guys he’d like to know, under normal circumstances, but having to accept them as family still just didn’t set right.
“You haven’t looked at yours yet?” Her voice sounded small, tentative.
“Not yet.” He didn’t know when he’d be ready for that stroll down memory lane. Maybe not this trip to Red Creek. Or even the one after that. But maybe someday. Or maybe not. His dad’s death pulled his mood in one direction, while Dusty’s betrayal and his intentional isolation of his four sons shoved Jackson’s anger to the forefront of his ragged emotions.
“If you’d like, and I won’t be upset at all if you say no....” She swallowed. “I’d be glad to look at it with you.” Her brows knitted together.
He barely breathed. Her offer was so kind and sincere, he didn’t know how to answer, how to even decide. Especially with the unknown contents of that envelope making him more than half crazy.
“I mean....” She took a sip of her drink. “It’d make it more like you were showing a new friend the scrapbook of your life instead of thinking of it as your father’s collection.” She tipped her head, her eyes looking worried. “Does that make any sense at all?”
He forced a small smile, then let it grow bigger as her idea grew on him, made a hell of a lot of sense, then felt so right that it surprised him. “Yeah, it does make sense, Rori. Thank you for thinking of it. I’m gonna take you up on that offer.”
She smiled so bright, he would have thought he’d offered her half of Dusty’s company. Amazing woman. So intelligent, yet firmly grounded and purely. How was he going to stick to his plan and leave Red Creek Sunday morning without a backward glance?
Chapter Nine
Rori sat on the big leather couch, all alone in the two-story living room of Dusty Walker’s house, staring in complete awe at the flat-stone fireplace that rose to the ceiling, the many-pointed buck head hanging above the mantel, the balcony that ran the length of the second floor, and the grand wooden staircase that connected the levels. The place was big and roomy, beautifully built and decorated, but yet cold and silent. As if Theresa and Dusty had never really lived here, just used it as a place to hang their clothes.
How different it would have been if they’d had kids running through the place, sliding down the banister, hiding-and-seeking in the hundreds of little corners and cubbies in the huge home. Would Jackson have his own brood of kids? And his brothers—would they start families, too? Meet here in the big house for holidays? 
She glanced toward the kitchen, where she heard Jackson popping a cork out of a bottle.
Earlier on the pontoon, they’d eaten the killer cheese-stuffed hamburgers that Lou had prepped, and Jackson had cooked on the little grill hanging over the edge of the pontoon. They’d watched the sunset, then headed back to the dock where, as if by magic, Lou and Marliss appeared, ready to clean the pontoon. They’d shooed away Jackson and Rori when they’d tried to help, claiming that they had little enough to do to earn their salaries as it was.
At the pool in back of the house, Rori had peeled off her shorts, accompanied by much whistling and suggestive language from Jackson, then they’d swum and floated on their backs, holding hands and looking at the stars until Jackson announced he was ready to tackle the scrapbook.
After showering off in the pool house, they came inside, and Jackson had gone up to get the thing.
Now, Rori almost wished she hadn’t offered to look at the book with him. It had been an impulsive suggestion, like the ones he was always teasing her about making. She felt too invested in Jackson already, especially for a five-day fling, which was all he was. Nothing more.
She squeezed her eyes tight for a few seconds. If she kept telling herself that, she’d believe it sooner or later.
He padded into the room barefoot, in sweatpants and a T-shirt, carrying a bottle of red wine and two glasses, the big scrapbook tucked under one arm. “Wine okay? Otherwise, Marliss has more of her margarita concoction in the refrigerator.”
“Wine sounds lovely.” She shivered. In the air conditioning, with her hair wet and just her shorts and tank top on, her skin goosebumped.
Jackson sat next to her and grabbed a remote. “Watch this.” He pointed it at the fireplace, and flames filled the big opening. “Decadence is air conditioning and a fire on an eighty-degree night.”
She laughed. “We deserve it, just this once.”
“Agreed.” Pouring wine, he handed her a tall, stemmed glass and held his up. “Here’s to reliving the past and enjoying the hell out of the present.”
Rori tapped her glass on his and sipped, wishing there was a future but knowing that was impossible.
He set down his glass and picked up the scrapbook, laying it on his thighs. “You ready?” His fingers traced the J embossed in the cover.
“Are you ready?” For him to share this with her had to be incredibly difficult.
He took a deep breath and opened the cover, letting it lay on her lap. A big eight-by-ten-inch picture of tiny Jackson filled the first page.
“Oh my gosh!” She laughed through the moisture that filled her eyes. “Look at you.” A full head of inch-long brown hair, serious blue eyes, and the strong jaw she’d come to adore kissing.
“Yeah, jeez, the damn picture is nearly life-size.” His voice was soft, though, and his mouth curved up just a little bit.
The outfit they’d put him in looked like a tiny sailor suit, leaving his chubby arms and legs bare.
“Big feet.” She snuggled closer to him, loving the closeness, the intimacy of this moment.
“You know what they say about guys with big feet.” He glanced at her, his eyes narrow.
A surge of desire raced through her. “I can vouch for the truth in that one.” She wagged her brows at him.
He chuckled and turned the page. It was a picture of the three of them, baby Jackson in his mom’s arms and Dusty with his arm around her, the ocean in the background.
“She’s beautiful.” Petite and devoid of makeup, his mother’s long, curling brown hair shone in the sunshine, her deep blue eyes sparkled just like Jackson’s, and her smile could easily be seen from space. “She looks happy.”
“She was. She is. She misses him, though.”
“What does your mother think…?” Rori tugged at her earlobe. “Never mind.” Thankfully, she was able to choke back that question before it flew from her mouth.
“No, ask me. It’s good to get stuff talked about.”
“Okay, but tell me if it’s too personal.” She sucked in a breath. “What does she think of Dusty having three other sons by three other women?”
He stared at the fire. “She didn’t seem all that surprised when I told her.” He worked his jaw. “I had to wonder if Dusty slipped up some, calling her by another name, or me by another name, maybe.” He shrugged. “She might have hired a private eye. I don’t know. It was good that she had a week between finding out about Dusty passing and learning about his other families.”
Rori couldn’t imagine loving someone and knowing they were legally bound to another. Even worse, finding out that she wasn’t the only extramarital family he had. Jackson’s mother had to have been pretty deep in love with Dusty and a pretty darn strong woman.
“Private eye.” Jackson looked at her. “Like Theresa had hired.”
Rori just nodded. Would Jackson ask his mother about that? It didn’t sound like he had done so yet, but he might be waiting for a decent grief period before he opened that subject with his mom.
He shrugged and tapped the bottom of the picture. “Dad bought us this house just a block from the ocean, and they’re standing on the rooftop deck.”
“Oh wow, that’s your house?” She’d love to have a view like that from her place.
“Yeah. Dad met Mom—her name is Sapphire—when he came into her pottery shop in the downtown section of Bandon.” Jackson looked like his thoughts drifted west for a few moments.
“Is she still a potter?”
“She is, teaches classes, and employs five people full-time now. But back then, it was just her in the shop, doing it all and living in an apartment above it.” He glanced at Rori. “Just like you.”
A snort escaped her. “Me, but with creativity.” Rori wished she had an ounce of artistic talent.
“You’re creative, darlin’. Don’t doubt it for a moment. The things you do with hardware and software, man, I’m so frickin’ impressed, I want to kneel at your feet and worship you.” He winked.
His words filled her with pride, but the vision of him down there clenched a sexy ache in her core. “Maybe later?”
“Definitely later.” He gave her a soft, quick kiss, then went back to the book.
Rori touched the corner of the page. “Dusty looks happy.” The man had a big grin, standing nearly a foot taller than Sapphire, his brown hair was cut short, but his chocolate-colored eyes had the same happy gleam as Sapphire’s. “You resemble him when he was younger.”
Jackson just looked at the photo. On the next page, a dozen more baby pictures chronicled his growth, his rolling over, and finally, his sitting up. All of them showed him smiling.
He flipped pages, making comments about the boat rides pictured, swimming at the beach, catching his first crab, and his first day of preschool.
She held back her ohs and awwws as much as she could, but her chest filled to capacity with the sweetness of the little man with the combed-back hair and shiny-clean face. “You were just an angel.”
“Ha.” He turned the page. “I was happy, mostly, and I dealt with the fact that the other kids had dads around all the time, but I didn’t.”
“I can’t imagine.” Her parents were her foundation. Her father was her greatest supporter.
Jackson sat back, drinking his wine. “You see your parents a lot?” He looked like he was taking a break from the scrapbook, and she could easily understand that. The emotional baggage just kept piling up for him, starting with the death of his father and ending with this scrapbook. 
“I do see them whenever I’m in KC, and once in a while, they make the trip to Red Creek.” She rolled her eyes. “The sightseeing here isn’t that great, so they don’t stay long, but I appreciate that they make the effort.”
“You said they’re teachers?”
“Yep. Mom teaches calculus and Dad biology at a private high school.” Rori shrugged. “They’ve been offered positions at colleges, but they’re not interested in making money. Instead, they feel kids at that age need a lot of guidance and encouragement, and they’ve both got minors in psychology.”
“Holy hell, that’s how you turned out so well.”
A laugh blasted out of her. “I was a social mess in high school, as you can imagine, with my propensity to say whatever thoughts pop into my mind and my preference for electronics over humans.” She thought about her teen years, her awkwardness and book smarts, valedictorian, teachers’ pet. “I was a virgin until I was....” She smacked her palm over her mouth. Oh hell, had she just said that aloud?
****
Jackson’s head jerked back of its own power, and laughter roared out of him. This woman. What the heck kind of treasure had he stumbled upon? “Oh darlin’, you can’t just blurt out half that sentence.” He laughed, setting down his wine glass to keep it from sloshing out.
Red flooded her cheeks, and she sighed. “I’m not much of a mystery, am I.” She glanced at him, then away. “I was a sophomore in college before I had a boyfriend.”
Cupping his hand at the back of her neck, he massaged her warm, soft skin. “I like that you were old enough to make the right decision.”
She nodded. “You know me. I had to have all the facts and data lined up perfectly first.”
He laughed again, and when she didn’t say more and sipped her wine a little quicker, he gave her a break and dropped the subject, going back to flipping pages in the scrapbook.
“Is that you at a rodeo?” She pointed to a picture of Jackson looking downright giddy at age ten.
“Yeah, Dad would take me to the rodeo in Myrtle Creek every year, starting when I was about six. It was our thing, and I looked forward to it for months before the event.” His roomy bedroom had posters on the wall from each of the rodeos, and signatures of the cowboys and cowgirls procured for him by Dusty filled each poster.
The memories flooded him, and a burning feeling collected behind his eyes, moistening them. “I’d sit on the front porch all morning in my boots and jeans and cowboy hat just waiting for Dad to pull up in his rental car.” Jackson could almost smell the salty spindrift from the ocean waves and feel the warm June sun on his shoulders. “I saved up my allowance, did extra chores, so I’d have enough to buy Dad and me a hotdog and a coke.” He’d been so proud to be able to pay, and Dad’s chest had always swelled when he’d told the hot dog vendor, “My son’s treating me today.”
The moisture increased, and he had to look away and blink, had to turn his memories from those sweet times to the year he turned fifteen. The anger flowed in, then. “It ended when I was fifteen. I woke that morning, and Mom was sitting at the kitchen table, her eyes red as if she’d been crying.
Rori took his hand. He hadn’t realized his whole body had gone stiff as new rope.
Looking into her eyes, he saw true interest, real compassion.
“Dad wasn’t coming that weekend. He couldn’t get away.” Jackson had felt disappointed that day, but it wasn’t worth tears. “I sat and rubbed Sapphire’s arm, told her it was fine. But then she got angry, blurted that it wasn’t fair, that just because his wife wanted him to accompany her....”
“Oh, no.” Rori’s brows furrowed, and she tipped her head.
At first, the word “wife” had gone in Jackson’s ear and directly out the other, as if his mother hadn’t just revealed a secret that would change his life.
“Then Mom’s eyes widened, and she froze. I asked her, ‘Wife? What are you talking about?’”
Rori’s hand tightened in his, and her breathing sped up.
“Mom started crying, and she covered her face with her hands. I remember her words as if she’d just said them yesterday. ‘Oh honey, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean for you to find out this way’.”
Rori’s eyes shone with moisture. “Jackson, I’m sorry.” 
His chest hurt just reliving that day. “I remember standing up, but my head was spinning like I’d just gotten off a ride at the fair.” His world had changed with each passing second, with each recollection of the days, weeks, months that Dusty had spent away from them.
“I ran out of the house, in my boots and jeans and cowboy hat and belt buckle.” He glanced down, but he wasn’t wearing the one Dusty had given him when he’d turned ten. The same buckle his dad had given his three other sons. That wasn’t something he was ready to talk about. Not even with Rori.
She sniffed and wiped tears off her cheek with the back of her hand.
Jackson swallowed down his own emotion. “I ran and ran, just kept running. I ended up on the highway and realized I was heading toward the rodeo.”
“Your mom must have been frantic.” Her voice shook.
“She was. I found out later she called Dad, and he got on his plane and flew out right then.” Jackson took in a few breaths, the drama of that day raising his blood pressure. “I hitched a ride that got me halfway there, then hitched again and got in a truck full of rodeo cowboys who were going to Myrtle Creek.”
“And so it began.” She smiled through her tears.
“Exactly. The hour I rode with them in that truck convinced me that it was the life I wanted to live.” No responsibilities except for getting to the rodeo on time, no emotional attachments, no roots.
“How much of that do you think was because of finding out about Dusty’s wife?” Rori looked too serious.
“There’s that psychologists’ daughter coming out.” He almost smiled but knew he was deflecting her question. He’d asked himself the same thing a hundred times. “I’m just glad it wasn’t a circus Dad took me to every year. Can you imagine me in clown makeup?”
She chuckled, even though she looked upset. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have asked that.” When she tried to release his hand, he grasped hers a little tighter.
“No, it needed to be asked. I’ve given it thought over the years, but it’d take a hell of a shrink and about ten thousand hours to figure out what went wrong with me.”
“There’s nothing wrong with you.” Rori’s declaration came out firm and sure. “You’ve lived your life the way you wanted. Not many people can honestly say that.”
She was right. He had done exactly what he’d wanted all these years, but was it still working for him? Or was he finally outgrowing his “running away to join the rodeo” phase?
“How did you get home?” She poured each of them a little more wine, then sipped hers, tucking her legs up under her and relaxing back into the cushions.
“Dad showed up about an hour into the rodeo. Just sat down next to me and handed me a hot dog and a coke.” Jackson remembered how his hands shook as he took them from Dusty, anger, disappointment, fear, all ricocheting around inside him, not knowing where to go, what to do.
“Dad said, ‘Son, we’ll talk on the way home,’ and for the first time, Dusty had looked old and frightened.”
Jackson flipped pages of the scrapbook, reading the headlines on articles about him winning a saddle at a rodeo, or visiting a children’s hospital, or wearing pink in October to support breast cancer research.
Rori sat silently, pressed against his side and looking at the book with him. Her quiet presence was exactly what Jackson needed.
That talk between Dad and him on the way home from the rodeo had made him realize how fragile people were. How susceptible to being hurt by others. Like the way his mother had been hurt by Dusty. Jackson had vowed that day that he’d be nothing like his father. Instead, he’d find his happiness where he could, then move on before he got the chance to hurt anyone. The plan had worked for him, but it sure as fuck was a lonely existence.
The end of the scrapbook contained recent photos and a few articles, then, with a flip of a page, Jackson was staring at an envelope. With his name printed on it. In his father’s handwriting. He couldn’t move for a few seconds. “Ah, shit.” He slammed the book closed and dropped it on the coffee table like it had grown cooties.
Her eyes wide, Rori set down her wine glass and wrapped herself around him, squeezing tight.
Jackson melted into her. What was in that envelope? What words could Dusty have written that Jackson would need to read? “I can’t....” He’d read that letter someday. Not now. He couldn’t take any more memories tonight. “Come upstairs with me, Rori. Please.”
She cupped his cheeks and pressed a quick kiss on his lips. “Of course, Jackson. Anything you need.”
Chapter Ten
The next morning, Rori screwed up a software install twice before shoving away from the table in the back work area of Cyber Wise and wandering to the front door of the shop. Last night… She sighed. Jackson had been tender and slow, their lovemaking innovative but thoughtful as if the emotion flowing from both of them cocooned them in… Wait, had she just thought lovemaking? Damn, that was a dangerous road to go down.
They’d had sex. Hot, perfect sex, but it’d been different than the times before. Long looks into each other’s eyes, whispered words, deep kisses. And she’d fallen for it like a girl who’d never been in love before. Which she had to admit, she probably hadn’t ever been. If what she’d felt before was a kilobyte of affection for a man, what she felt now was at least a terabyte, maybe more. For Jackson.
She stormed away from the door and back to her work. “It’s not happening, Rori. He’s rodeo poison, and to him, you’re a few days’ distraction. Done.” She closed off all thoughts of him and tried to concentrate on work. But every few minutes, she checked the clock.
Rori knew Jackson needed to be in the office all day. His three specialists were in town, and they were going to hit it hard today and tomorrow, get Jackson up to speed with everything, even if it killed the poor cowboy. She grinned as she thought of him sitting there surrounded by Elaine, Vic, and Walt as they peppered him with information. She could almost see his face, staring blankly and wishing he were anywhere else but in that conference room. Not that Jackson wasn’t smart. No, the man was just a little on the lazy side and a technological Luddite, but if he wanted to, he could run the company easily all by himself.
But he didn’t want to. She sat back in her chair. What would it take to get him to stay?
“Uhhhh.” She shouted the groan and banished the thought from her head. “Jackson is leaving. Get used to it.”
Instead of finishing the install, she went online and printed out a recipe for baked potatoes. She’d invited him for supper tonight. And she didn’t cook. The steaks were in her refrigerator upstairs, the potatoes on the counter, and the rest of the meal, including dessert, lined up next to them. She’d give it her best effort, but he might have to jump in and help.
How was he today, emotionally? When he’d told the story of finding out about Dusty’s wife, she didn’t think she could hold back her sobs. Her heart just broke for him. Tall and lanky at age fifteen, those big eyes of his in a skinny kid’s face, lord, she’d wanted to take him home with her and keep him safe forever from the big ugly world.
She’d never had that kind of instinct before. Maybe she was moving into the part of her life where she’d start nesting, looking for a man to settle down and have babies with. Her mother warned her it would be coming, but Rori had assured her that all she needed was a fast operating system and a new video game every month to keep her happy.
Boy, had she been wrong.
****
The next afternoon they had the appointment to confront the attorney, and Rori couldn’t wait. She had a lot of questions for the man.
The dinner the night before had gone as she’d expected—she’d begged his help halfway through cooking, and he’d easily taken over and finished preparing a fabulous meal for them. They’d only eaten half, though, before they’d tumbled onto her couch for a hot hour of oral delight. They’d finally gotten back to the meal but had left the dishes on the table and spent the rest of the night working their way through a box of condoms in her bedroom.
Rori smiled and tested the pleasant ache of every muscle in her body. Jackson had stamina. That was a proven fact.
The buzzer sounded as the front door of Cyber Wise opened, and she checked the time. Twenty minutes before Jackson’s appointment with Stanley Benner, Esquire. The cowboy was punctual, for certain. She saved her work and headed toward the front of the store. When she walked into the room, she stopped cold. “Marliss?”
The older woman tipped her head. “You have a fabulous store here, Ms. Hughes.” In her floral dress and sandals, she bore no resemblance to the woman who worked at Dusty’s house in serviceable cotton clothes.
“It’s Rori, please.” She wandered slowly toward her. “Are you in the market for a computer?” The woman had never set foot in Cyber Wise before, and her visit on a Friday afternoon, when she was technically supposed to be working at the house, didn’t bode well.
“Oh no, I’m happy with letting Lou do all the web-searching things.”
Another Luddite. “What can I help you with?”
The woman set her bright orange purse on a table. “May I talk to you about Jackson?”
Rori glanced out the front window. “That’s fine, but he’s going to be here any minute.”
“Oh.” Her hands fluttered a bit before she clasped them in front of her. “Then I’ll make this brief.”
“Unless you’d rather talk later?” Rori wanted to hear what Marliss had to say. Every word of it.
“No, this will take just a moment.” She pursed her lips and blinked a few times. “Mr. Walker—Dusty—spoke with Lou and me about…the boys.” She shrugged. “We were the only people, besides their mothers, who he could talk to, so I know a little bit about Dusty’s concerns with Jackson.”
This was quite a bit deeper of a conversation than Rori had imagined having with Marliss. “I don’t know that I could—”
“Please.” Marliss stepped forward. “Just let me say this, then I’ll go, and we won’t mention this conversation again.” She sucked in a breath and pressed her fist to her mouth. “I’m afraid that if he leaves Sunday, he won’t come back.” It came out in a gush.
Rori could lie to save the woman the anguish she was evidently going through. But that wasn’t her way. “I think you’re right.”
The woman dropped her hand. “Dusty worried that Jackson avoided relationships because he feared he’d become just like him. Like Dusty. See, Dusty thought Jackson saw his mother as a martyr. Living on the fringe of Dusty’s life, having a family with him without the benefit of marriage.”
Rori just nodded, anxious to have Marliss get to the point before Jackson came across the street.
“I know he and you looked through the scrapbook together. I saw it when I was cleaning up this morning, so you don’t need to worry that I was spying on you.”
With a laugh, Rori shook her head. “I didn’t think that at all.”
“Well, thank you. But I needed to talk to you to know if you got to the end of the scrapbook. Did he see the envelope?”
“He did.” Rori had seen the fear on Jackson’s face as he stared at it. She’d actually worried that he’d toss the thing in the fire.
“Well, that’s half the battle.”
Rori caught a movement across the street and took a step closer to the window.
Marliss turned and looked out in the direction of D. Walker Mineral. She swung around, grabbing her purse. “He’s coming.” Her voice went up an octave.
“I have a back door.” Rori gestured for her to follow, and they stopped at the back entrance, close together, face-to-face.
“Ms. Rori, if you have any way to reach him, could you please encourage him to open that letter?” Marliss’ gaze locked with Rori’s. “I wouldn’t normally ask something like this, but I think you might be his only hope.”
The buzzer went off, announcing the front door opening.
Rori wanted to help, but she couldn’t make any promises. “I’ll try, Marliss.” She whispered the words. “I promise to do my best.”
“Thank you, dear.” Marliss smiled and skittered out the back way and down the alley.
“Rori?” Jackson’s voice carried through the building as she locked the back door and hurried toward the storefront.
“Coming.” She nearly ran smack into him, and he caught her, pulling her into his arms.
“Whoa, where’re you going in such a rush?” He looked at her, his brows down over his blue eyes.
“Um, aren’t we going to Benner’s office?” She was a little breathless, a little shaky, but about as turned on as a girl could be when her man held her tight against him.
“We are.” His hands roamed along her back. “But I came a few minutes early so we could do this.” He tipped her sideways and gave her a kiss she’d never forget. A kiss that—if Jackson never showed his face in Red Creek again after Sunday—would have to last her a lifetime.
****
Benner escorted Rori and Jackson into his office. “This is a surprise, Ms. Hughes. Jackson didn’t mention you would be here, too.” The man looked decidedly nervous.
Jackson squeezed her arm as he helped her into a chair, then sat next to her, waiting for Benner to take his seat behind the big desk.
“I’m here as a witness.” Rori blurted out the words.
The attorney froze halfway down to his chair, then plopped into it, tipping back a ways before catching his balance. “Is that right?”
Jackson held in a laugh. Nothing like putting a guy on the defensive. “I found these on Dusty’s computer.” He spread the printouts containing the dates, amounts, and account numbers in front of Benner. “Do these account numbers look familiar to you?”
Benner’s cheeks turned ruddy. He adjusted his glasses and picked up one of the papers, holding it up between himself and Jackson. “They just look like a bunch of numbers to me. Not necessarily account numbers.”
Rori sniffed and gave Jackson a look. “Check again, Mr. Benner. Are you sure nothing on that page triggers a memory?”
Jackson could kiss her right there. She would be a fantastic courtroom attorney.
Benner laid the paper down, giving Rori a glare, then fastening his gaze on Jackson. “Is this something you’d like me to look into further for you?”
Pulling the next wad of folded papers from his pocket, Jackson spread them out on top of the other papers. “Here’s what Abby found when I had her look through the bank accounts for these amounts. Payments were made from D. Walker Mineral’s general account to these account numbers.” Jackson pointed to one of the first papers. “What is happening here?” Jackson would give the man the opportunity to admit his involvement.
“Hmmm.” Benner studied the papers. Each one of them. For much longer than necessary. “I can have one of my staff—”
“Not necessary.” Jackson sat back in his chair and set his booted foot on the opposite knee. “We know who opened and closed these accounts.”
Benner’s lips tightened as his gaze ping-ponged from Rori’s to his, then fastened on Jackson. “This is not something that should be discussed with anyone outside your family.”
Jackson sat completely still, staring down the attorney. “Ms. Hughes is, as she mentioned, my witness. Do you want to tell us everything, or do we take this information to the county attorney’s office?”
Benner shuffled all the papers together into a neat pile and set them in front of Jackson. “This may be embarrassing for you to hear in front of your....” He glanced at Rori. “Friend.”
“Ms. Hughes is a contract employee of D. Walker Mineral.” Jackson could slug the man for making Rori seem less than important. He glanced at her. She’d pursed her lips tight together, and her eyes sparkled. This wild, wonderful woman was enjoying this, trying not to laugh. Damn. Her sense of humor…
Benner let out a long breath, seeming to deflate. “Mrs. Walker—Theresa—hired a private detective.”
Rori sat forward in her chair, glanced at Jackson, then back at Benner. “Through you?”
He waved his hands in front of him. “No, no, no. She went to KC and hired him. She knew I wouldn’t help her with anything like this.”
“Let me guess.” Jackson gripped the chair arms. “He followed Dusty and found out about his extra families.”
“That’s exactly right.” Benner stood and stepped to the large safe behind him, dialing in the code to open it. “This detective found out about three of the four of you.” The safe door opened with a squeak as the lawyer looked at Jackson. “He realized he could make more money blackmailing Dusty than he could with just the one-time payment from Theresa.” Benner shuffled through his safe.
“Harold Logan.” Rori said the detective’s name, and Benner paused for a few seconds.
“That’s right. You’re quite a bit more accomplished than I’ve given you credit for, Ms. Hughes.” He turned and smirked at her. “Perhaps there’s a place for you in my firm.” He went back to digging through the safe.
She laughed once, then cleared her throat. “I’m always open to offers, Mr. Benner.” She winked at Jackson.
He smiled and nodded but sobered as Benner pulled a thick brown envelope from the safe and set it on his desk. From it, he pulled a one-inch stack of papers and photos.
Jackson sat forward as Benner leaned over and set the items on the desk between Jackson and Rori.
“This Logan character followed your father and took these pictures.” One after another, they looked at photos of Dusty with women who looked familiar from the scrapbooks—his brothers’ mothers. Benner revealed pictures of Dusty with Sapphire, then photos of Dad with Dylan, Killian, and even a few with Jackson, which sent a chill up his spine.
“Wow.” Rori eased her leg closer and touched it against Jackson’s.
He appreciated the gesture and squeezed her knee. “So Logan went to Dusty with this? Or to you?”
“To Dusty.” Benner sat, resting his hand on his stomach. “Who came to me. From there, the three of us reached an agreement. Monthly payments for life…and in this case, Dusty’s life…increasing annually, and sent through anonymous accounts.” Benner tapped the stack of papers Jackson had brought in. “But you know all that.”
“And the detective told Theresa…?” Rori put her hand on top of Jackson’s.
“Logan got some pictures of Dusty eating alone in restaurants, heading to his hotel room early and alone, working long hours, etc.” Benner shook his head. “I encouraged Dusty to be forthcoming with his wife, but he became angry and told me it was none of my business.” 
The attorney gathered the photos and slid them back into the envelope. “He was right. It wasn’t my business.” He held the envelope out to Jackson. “Would you like to dispose of these?”
Jackson tipped his head down. “No, why don’t you keep them. Just in case one of my brothers....” He looked at Rori. “I’ll have our contract employee copy off then remove the files from Dusty’s computers, and I’ll hang on to this secret for a while.”
Rori smiled and nodded. “Good plan, boss.”
“I agree, Jackson.” Benner placed the envelope back into the safe, closed the door, and spun the lock.
“Why the different bank accounts?” Jackson looked at Rori.
She frowned. “And why open and close them? Why not leave them open?”
Benner snorted. “That’s how this Logan character wanted it done. I think he believed he could escape legal and tax ramifications by withdrawing the funds from banks in different counties.”
“What about legal action?” Jackson wanted revenge. “Can we do anything to put this Logan guy out of business?”
The attorney shook his head. “The agreement was that Logan would not reveal any of this to Theresa or publicly, provided there was never any legal action brought against him.” Benner looked between Rori and him. “If we were to contact the authorities, or in any way try to discredit Logan, he could go public with it, release the photos, write a book, make a movie based on—”
“Okay, I get it.” Jackson glanced at Rori. His family’s privacy, or what was left of it, was the main concern.
Benner’s professional smile had returned. “Now, is there anything else I can help you with?”
Jackson stood and shook the man’s hand. “No. I think this is just about all I can manage for today.”
Benner nodded for a few seconds. “Understandable. But don’t hesitate to call or come in if there’s anything in the future.”
Jackson narrowed his eyes. “Hopefully, there’s nothing else in that safe of yours that I need to be concerned with?”
Benner laughed, loud and long, then held up his hand, his three middle fingers pointing upward. “Scout’s honor, there’s nothing else in there that could bite either of us in the ass.” He nodded to Rori. “Excuse the language, ma’am.”
She stood and grinned. “I’ve heard worse.” She shook Benner’s hand. “Thanks again.”
Jackson took her arm and guided her toward the door.
“I’ll be in touch, Ms. Hughes,” Benner called from behind them. “I can think of three or four cases you can help us with just off the cuff.”
“Looking forward to it, sir.” She preceded Jackson out the door and into the heat of a late Kansas afternoon. Turning to face Jackson, she lifted her brows. “Did you have any idea?”
“Nope.” He looked into her eyes, shaking his head. “I wouldn’t have guessed. But I can see Dusty pulling that one off. Can’t you?”
“I can. He had a lot to lose.”
Jackson walked next to Rori along the sidewalk toward her building. He couldn’t imagine a man so intent on keeping secrets that he’d go through all that work and expense to hide them. Was that a good sign? Maybe Jackson wasn’t destined to be just like Dusty. But he wasn’t ready to risk finding out. “You got customers this afternoon?”
“Nope.” She looked up at him with a sexy smile. “You got work to do this afternoon?”
He gave her a naughty grin. “Nope. Let’s flip the Closed sign.”
“Already done.” She looked around the deserted street, grabbed his wrist, and tugged him between two buildings and down the alley to the back entrance to her apartment. “I’m officially off the clock and on the hunt.”
He laughed. “Take me to your lair, darlin’. I’m officially your afternoon snack.”
Chapter Eleven
Sunday morning, just after midnight, Rori lay in Jackson’s bed staring at the ceiling. He’d be leaving in a few hours. All she could think of was how difficult it would be to say goodbye to him.
Friday afternoon, and most of the night, they’d stayed in her apartment, making love, cooking, playing video games, then making love some more. It had been magical, and she’d kept praying for time to slow down.
After sleeping in Saturday morning, she’d driven to Jackson’s house, at his invitation, for lunch and an afternoon of using every water toy he and his brothers owned. By the time they came back to the house, they were both starving and exhausted. They ate at the kitchen counter while Lou and Marliss entertained them with stories of Dusty’s attempts at the jet skis.
Afterward, Jackson brought Rori upstairs for their last hours together. The sex had started out fast and wild but changed to slow and easy as both of them silently said goodbye.
Rori had brought up Dusty’s letter earlier when they’d been sitting on the dock, but Jackson hadn’t responded. 
Now, turning to look at him breathing deeply in his sleep, she wished she’d had another chance to talk about the letter again, with more enthusiasm. She hated to leave without another try, but he was sound asleep. She already had a bunch of tears in her eyes, and damn sure those tears would turn into a waterfall if she had to kiss him goodbye before walking out of his life forever.
Sliding out of bed, she pulled on her clothes and blew him a kiss from the doorway. “I will never forget you, Jackson Walker.” She whispered the words as she closed the door and forced her feet to carry her along the hallway.
The waterfall started halfway down the steps to the living room. She could barely find her bag through the blur of tears, let alone get her key out and slip out the door. In her van, she let it go, bawling like a baby for long minutes before grabbing her composure and driving home.
Home? Was this home? Her parents, her family, lived in KC. Maybe she’d just close up shop and move everything there. Start from scratch in her parents’ basement, or maybe even take out a business loan and rent a storefront.
How could she be in Red Creek for even a minute without thinking of him? Everything from the street lamp to Cubby’s restaurant to the back door of her apartment reminded her of how she’s given away her heart to a very wonderful cowboy.
She pulled into her parking spot in back of the Cyber Wise and trudged up the steps to her apartment. After they’d made love, she hadn’t showered, wanted to keep the soapy, masculine scent of Jackson with her as long as possible. Tossing and turning, she watched the clock. Now he’d be leaving the house. Now he’d be driving through town toward KC.
For a half-hour, she listened, hoping she’d hear the engine of his company truck stop out back, hear a knock at her door. Nothing.
Now he’d be at the airport, and now…his plane had lifted off.
It felt like someone had taken a knife and sliced a jagged hole in her heart. Why had she just let him go? “Because you don’t do rodeo cowboys.” Why hadn’t she at least told him how she felt about him? “Because he’s not looking for anything longer than this past week.”
She closed her eyes and let herself drift into a dream of being in his arms. She woke with the sun blazing through the window. Checking the clock, she sighed. He’d be home by now with his mother, making plans for the rest of his life.
A noise outside caught her attention. Was that a car door? She didn’t have customers scheduled today. Banging sounded at the back door of her apartment. Still dressed in her shorts and tank top, she trudged down the steps. Only one person would be here this damn early. Lexie from the coffee shop. And she’d better have brought scones, too.
Rori yanked open the back door.
“Hi.” Jackson stared at her, sober as Sunday morning.
“Hi.” Her heart skipped a few beats. “You missed your flight?”
“On purpose.” He gestured up the steps. “Mind if I come in?”
Her heart restarted, thumping loud enough to be heard in Missouri. “Don’t mind at all.” She turned and padded up the steps with him clomping right behind her. She couldn’t let herself hope. Couldn’t dream that this meant anything more than him stopping to say goodbye.
In her kitchen, she turned to face him. “What’s up?” Trying to make her voice sound cool nearly choked her.
He smiled and shook his head. “Really? That’s all I get?”
Grabbing the edge of the countertop, she swallowed. “Did you come to say goodbye?”
“No. I came to talk to you.” He leaned his hip on the counter.
“Okay.” How much could she read into that statement?
“You don’t look excited to see me, Rori.”
She’d be honest. “Until I hear what you have on your mind, I’m going to hold tight to my emotions.”
He raised a brow. “Fair enough.”
Jackson slid the envelope with his name on it from his back pocket. “You said I shouldn’t forget about this letter from my dad.”
She nodded.
“I opened it after you snuck out this morning.” He dropped his eyes, frowning a little.
“You heard me leave?” And he’d let her go? Damn it. Not good.
“I figured if you’d wanted to say goodbye, you would have woke me. I didn’t want to mess with your escape.”
Huffing out a breath, she shrugged. She had no response to that one.
“Yeah, that’s what I thought.” He smirked. “Dusty’s letter said a few things that made sense to me. He explained a lot, and I can see things differently right now. A lot differently.” His eyes narrowed as he looked at her.
“Such as?”
“First....” He smiled.
She didn’t return it.
“First, I have to ask you, what do you have against rodeo cowboys?”
Rori opened her mouth, then closed it again. “Huh?”
“What’s your problem with us?”
“Well, just my cousin.” That sounded stupid. “She’s married to a bull rider. “Her kids are essentially growing up without a dad. He only comes home when he’s busted. Physically or financially.”
Jackson nodded. “Okay. What else?”
“What else?” She tipped her head.
“What else has made you distrust rodeo men?”
“Well…nothing. That’s it. And that’s enough, isn’t it?” Now that she said it aloud, it sounded even more stupid.
“And you know of no other men who exhibit that sort of behavior?” He widened his eyes. “It’s only rodeo cowboys who behave that way?”
She coughed out a laugh. “I see your point.” And felt like a fool. “So I might have been a little judgmental.”
“Just a little?” He held up a hand. “Second....” He pointed downstairs. “You said there weren’t eligible bachelors in town, but I have it on completely reliable gossip that one Monday morning, after discussing you at a Saturday night poker game, three guys showed up here looking to ask you out.”
“Oh for fuc…for heaven’s sake. Who the hell told you that?” She couldn’t believe that piece of nostalgia was still rolling around town.
“True? You could have had your pick of any of those men, and you chose none of them. And none of them were rodeo cowboys, right?”
“I’m not following your logic.” She hoped he was leading to what she wanted to hear, but she wasn’t taking any chances and kept her heart on lockdown.
“Darlin’.” He took a step toward her.
She took one step back.
“When you left this morning, I knew I had to see you again.” He reached for her arm, and she wasn’t quick enough—or emotionally tough enough—to stay away from him.
“Jackson.” Her body reacted to his touch, quivering and heating. She stepped toward him and laced her fingers in the back of his hair, pulling him closer. “I want this.” Even if it was the last time. Even though she knew better.
He bent and picked her up in his arms, carrying her through the bedroom door and laying them both on the bed. “I need this.” Sliding his hand under her tank top, his rough skin played sexily on her softness. He pulled her bra up, tugged her shirt up too, and bent to kiss her nipple.
Shockwaves flowed from her breast to her core, loosening and swelling her down low, heating and creaming between her legs.
In seconds, he’d unfastened her bra and pulled it and her shirt off her, ripped off his shirt, and rubbed his chest along hers as he moved up to kiss her.
“Darlin’.” He took her mouth with his, his tongue tracing along her cheeks, sucking at her tongue until she pushed into his mouth and tasted his spicy flavor mixed with coffee. He slowed the kiss, breathing heavily against her lips. “I want you now, riding me, looking into my eyes as we come together.”
Rori’s hips jerked up, her thighs tightening against the sweet pressure between her legs. “Yes, Jackson, anything you want.” She’d give this man one last ride, even if it broke her heart irreparably.
He eased downward, kissing from her neck to her belly, nibbling and sucking. Removing her shorts, he kept his lips pressed to her mound, his tongue flicking inward, finding her little button and shocking her entire body with each pass. Jackson spread her legs and pressed his face into her pussy, his tongue lapping, his lips sucking, his nose pressing on her clit. Her brain began to flicker into blackness.
“No.” She grabbed a fistful of his hair and pulled his face from her core.
He looked at her, his eyes deep blue, his breath panting through his parted lips.
“I want you....” She had to suck in a breath. “Want your hard cock inside me when I come.”
One corner of his mouth crooked up as his eyes narrowed.
The sexiest look she’d ever seen on any man. A look she’d never forget. Ever.
“My pleasure, darlin’.” He stood and ripped at the button on his jeans, tugged down his zipper.
She sat up and helped him shove the fabric down his thighs, watched as he hopped a one-legged circle taking off his boots, and throwing them and his clothes into the corner. He paused to look at her. “You sure now, Rori?”
Her belly flipped, sexy flames roaring to her pussy, tightening her nipples as she stared at his big shaft. “Yes, Jackson. I want this.” When she licked her lips, he strode to her, grabbed her hair, and eased her face to his cock.
She took it all, deep-throating the long, salty staff, cupping his balls with one hand, teasing just behind them with her fingers.
“Gonna make me come.” He pulled her hair back, easing her mouth off him. “And I want to be inside you like you ordered.”
She smiled. “I like giving the orders.”
“Just this once, darlin’.” He handed her the condom.
Sliding it on him, she pressed kisses to his belly, his hips.
“Pile up the pillows on the headboard.” Jackson helped her, then sat on the bed and reclined on them, his knees bent. “Come and sit on me here, Rori.” He grasped his cock, his teeth clenching.
“I’m gonna ride you, cowboy. So you’ll never forget....” Her voice broke as she knelt beside him and threw a leg over him, her bottom sliding down his thighs until her pussy touched the hot head of his shaft.
Jackson stared at the spot where her lips touched his cock. “Damn, that’s beautiful.” He ran his finger along her pussy and drew back his hand. “Look how wet you are for me.” He stared into her eyes and sucked his finger.
“Ahhh.” Rori’s legs went weak, and she slid downward, slowly taking him into her sensitive core. “So big…and…hot, Jackson.” Her head rolled around on her neck, her eyes closing as sparks of pleasure rode up her spine.
“Look at me, darlin’.” His voice rolled low and fierce.
She forced open her eyes.
“Ride your cowboy.” He grasped her under her thighs, his fingers cupping her ass cheeks, pushing her up and off him, then letting her drop down onto his shaft.
Finding muscles in her legs that had gone nearly lifeless with pleasure, she worked her body on his, taking him deep and holding, then pushing off and pulsing on and off quickly a dozen times, then so deep, she could feel him in her belly.
“You make me wild, cowgirl.” Jackson took over then, guiding her hard and fast, lifting his hips to meet her downward drop, pulsing himself inside her quicker with each thrust. “Play with your nipples. Show me how hot I make you.”
She squealed, staring into his eyes as she plucked at her nipples, twisting and tugging them.
He bared his teeth, his gaze locked with hers, groaning with each plunge into her. Her core tightened around him, shooting flames to her brain and bringing tears to her eyes.
She loved this man. He could have been her everything. She sobbed and dropped her head.
Jackson pumped harder as he moved his hand to her mound, finding her clit and rubbing it with his thumb. “That’s it, Rori. Don’t hold back. Let me see all of you.”
She cried out and let herself fly out of her body, out of the room, soar through clouds wet with tears.
Through the fog, Jackson’s voice came from miles away, shouting her name.
Gasping for breath, Rori let out her heartbreak, shuddering and spinning as earth came back much too quickly.
Jackson moaned as his thrusts slowed, his hands on her thighs shook, and sweat sparkled on his chest. “Darlin’, that was epic.” He puffed breaths, his eyes barely slits.
Another wave of tears surfaced, and she swallowed back the cries, covering her face with her hands as the drops leaked through her fingers and fell onto her belly.
“Rori.” He lifted her, shifting himself out of her, and lay her on top of his body, covering them with the sheet. “Rori, tell me those are tears of happiness.” Low and full of worry, his voice shook her soul.
“I thought I could…do this.” She couldn’t catch her breath. “I thought I could hang on through this last time, say goodbye to you with dignity and…grace.” The last word rose like a shriek as tears came again. “I don’t cry, damn it.” An octave higher than her normal voice, she pushed out all her emotion with those words.
Sucking in a deep breath, she pushed up, her hands on his chest, keeping her head down, so her hair covered her mucky face.
A half-dozen tissues appeared between her hands.
“Thank you.” She wiped up as best as she could then tried to roll off him.
He guided her onto her side, with him lying right next to her. “What happened there, darlin’?” Jackson smoothed her hair away from her face.
She’d already made a complete fool of herself. Time to rebuild a little dignity.
“I’m just overtired.” She attempted a smile, but it felt more like a scowl.
“You rest.” He pulled a pillow and tucked it under her head. “I’ll talk.”
“What is there to talk about? You have a plane to catch. Don’t you?” She didn’t dare let herself believe he wasn’t disappearing from her life forever the moment his boots hit the pavement. She couldn’t let herself visualize it any other way, or when he did leave, it might just kill her.
Chapter Twelve
Jackson had resurfaced from the blast furnace of an orgasm to see Rori crying. Now, laying side-by-side with her, looking into those sky-blue, red-veined eyes, he knew he’d made the right decision that morning. But now, he had to convince her.
“Darlin’, when you left the house, I wasn’t sure what to do with myself. Run after you, or let you go and shut you out of my life completely.” Tracing her cheekbone with his finger, her vulnerability hit him hard. “So I did nothing, but I took your advice.”
“The letter?” She settled into the pillow, staring at him like she was getting her fill of him one last time.
“Yeah. Dad talked about what drove his decisions.” Jackson needed to share this with someone he trusted. “Theresa didn’t want children.”
Rori’s eyebrows shot up. “Really?”
Should he ask her now if she wanted kids? Of course, that’d probably have her kicking him out the door and wishing him good luck with his life. “Dad said he didn’t know how to handle it. He wanted a family, and his need for immortality drove him from woman to woman, not caring about who he hurt or the damage he did to his own soul. By the time he could see the mistakes he’d made, it was too late. He had created four lives, and he had to live up to his responsibilities.”
“That’s pretty deep.”
Jackson huffed out a laugh. “For Dusty, yeah, it sure is.” He took Rori’s hand, lacing their fingers together. “Dad saw that my running away to the rodeo was done out of fear. The fear that I’d end up like him. But he said in the letter, I’m not like him. I’m my mother’s boy, and although she consented to be with a married man, she did it for life. She was faithful.”
He almost snorted at that, considering how unfaithful Dusty was.
“From what you tell me about your mom and what I know of Dusty, I think your dad’s words were insightful.”
“I knew you’d see it that way.” He’d gotten that out of the way. “Oh, and ironically, Dusty didn’t mention why he hadn’t gotten us brothers together or if he ever planned to do it. So that looks like it’ll remain a mystery.”
“Strange.” Rori’s eyes shifted. “I thought that was going to be the entire content of the letter.”
“Nope. I think the old man wants us boys to figure it out ourselves.” As if any of them cared anymore. After reading all the scrapbooks and going over Dusty’s letter five times, Jackson was of a different outlook about things. But change would come slowly, and he had to focus on the most important one.
He’d fallen hard for one outspoken, geeky, sexy, beautiful, tear-stained woman, and he had to convince her he was more than just a rodeo cowboy. He had to make her see that he was the right cowboy for her. “There’s something I didn’t tell you, and I want to get your opinion.”
“Okay.” She didn’t sound too certain.
“Dusty gave each of his sons a belt buckle. The exact same one.”
“Like the one he always wore? With the steer head in the middle?”
Jackson hadn’t realized Dusty wore it around Red Creek, too. “That’s the one. Dad wore it all the time when he came west, too. So, since you’re so smart at figurin’ out mysteries, why do you think he did it? Gave us each one, I mean.”
Rori propped herself up on her elbow. “The only reason I can think of is to show that while you were growing up, you were part of him. And now that he’s gone, and you’ve found your brothers, it’s his way of saying you’re all part of each other.” She shrugged one shoulder. “Too sappy?”
“Not at all.” He leaned over and kissed her. She’d expressed exactly the same thoughts he’d had about the buckles. “I think you’re right. Dusty was a good dad. A really good dad. I think he wanted us four to see the belt buckles as our connection to each other.”
She smiled. “Now that’s deep, cowboy.”
If she thought that was deep, this next part would have her believing Jackson was a friggin’ intellectual. He cupped her face in his hand. “I’ve got somethin’ more to say.”
“Okay.” She tightened her jaw as if getting ready for a blow.
“I’ve changed my mind about things.”
“Things like what?” She kissed his palm and pulled his hand to the warm spot between her breasts, where her heart beat strong and steady.
“First....” He grinned at her.
She nodded. “Make your list; stick to it.”
“Yes, ma’am. You’ve taught me well.” He took a breath. “So first, I wasn’t looking for someone to be with for longer than this week.”
Rori glanced away, blinking rapidly.
“But now I am.”
Her blue gaze shot to his. “You are?”
“I want to try this for a while, Rori, if you’ll have me.”
She opened her mouth, and he pressed a finger to her lips for a second.
“I know you’ve got a vendetta against rodeo men, and I’m not ready to give up rodeoing. I’ve got an event next weekend in Georgia.” He watched her face.
Her eyes widened a bit.
“I want you to come with me.” He put his finger to her lips again. “I’ll pay for the airfare, I’ll fly in to KC, and we can hop on a plane for Georgia together. I have a nice hotel room reserved, so none of the crappy motels you hear about rodeo men crashing in.”
She kissed his finger and tugged his hand down, her smile breaking slowly across her face. “Are you askin’ me out on a date? To a rodeo?”
He chuckled. “I guess I am, Ms. Rori.” He took a breath. “And if things work out, we can discuss…more.” Jackson wasn’t going to tell her about the email from Dylan inviting him back to Red Creek on the last day of the month. Whether he came back or not would depend on what this woman said right now.
“More.” Closing her eyes, she scrunched her face for a second before looking deep into his eyes. “I misjudged you, Jackson Walker. You’re exactly right for me.”
Punching a fist into the air, he shouted, “Yee-haw!” Jackson rolled on top of Rori, kissing her quick and hard. “And you are exactly the perfect place....” He swallowed back emotion. “The perfect place for me to stop runnin’.”
Epilogue
On the thirty-first of August, Jackson arrived at the small airport outside Red Creek in the small plane he’d chartered. Two more planes sat parked along the hanger. Dylan’s, and Killian’s, probably, if they’d decided to come back for this bonding week. And Rogue would still be here, unless he’d skipped out. The red company truck Jackson had used sat next to the planes, and he found the keys in the ignition. “Small towns.”
A few minutes later, he sat around a table in Cubby’s Restaurant with the other three Walker offspring.
“You’re driving Dad’s Caddy?” Dylan grinned at Rogue, who’d spent the last week in Kansas, and gestured to the champagne-colored land barge parked at the curb.
“Damn right. The thing is smooth as sin.”
Jackson fiddled with the fork that sat on a napkin in front of him. “You know, Dylan, when I got your email after that first week, I thought you’d gone crazy.” From the first minute he’d set foot here, Jackson had wanted nothing more than to shake the dust of this town off him and leave. But a letter from a deceased man, a town full of characters, and most importantly, an amazing woman, had changed his mind.
Rogue and Killian nodded, and Jackson recognized Dusty’s same mannerism in his half-brothers.
The note had told the others that the town had a lot to offer, the business was surprisingly interesting, and the people of Red Creek had accepted him like a born-and-raised Red Creekian.
“I was under the influence, I guess.” Dylan scratched his cheek. “But damned if I don’t feel exactly the same way being back here today.”
“I figured that.” Rogue hung one arm over the back of his chair. “Figured you’d also found yourself a gal.” A smirk curved his lips. “But I agree, this place grows on a man.”
Killian set his forearms on the table. “Sure does. I mean, who knew this dustbowl in the middle of fucking nowhere would leave an impression.”
They were interrupted by the appearance of the waitress, and they took a minute to place their orders.
After the waitress walked away, Jackson looked around the table. “So we’re all agreed? We’re going to do this thing?” Since getting to know them through the scrapbooks, Jackson felt invested in this new family and in this new company structure.
The men looked at each other.
“I’m in.” Dylan shrugged. “Got nothin’ else going on.”
Rogue nodded.
“We’ll stay the week, gettin’ to know each other, just like the old man wanted?” Jackson frowned. “Get the business sorted out between the four of us?” A few weeks ago, the idea of traveling the country like Dad did had appealed to him, but now, with Rori grounded in Red Creek, he wasn’t so excited about that idea.
“That’s the plan.” Killian curled his upper lip in a sneer. “Live in the house for a whole week and bond with each other.” He snorted.
The guys laughed, but Rogue pointed at Killian. “From what I hear around town, you found yourself someone to help pass the time.”
Killian grinned. “Sure did.”
Rogue looked at Jackson and Dylan. “And rumors are spreading about you two. You each fell for a local gal?”
Jackson nodded. Fell for was an understatement. After spending the previous weekend with Rori in Georgia, he kept picturing the two of them in all sorts of strange situations: in front of a church in wedding gear, carrying her over the threshold of their new house, at a hospital with a brand new baby between them. “Afraid so.” He smiled to soften the words.
The brothers laughed, then looked at Dylan.
“Yep. Happy as a puppy with two tails.” Dylan stared off, looking lost in thought.
In Georgia, Jackson had tried to pry the secret of Dylan’s week in Red Creek out of Rori, but she’d firmly shook her head and told him it was Dylan’s secret to tell. Jackson figured the guy would open up about it sooner or later, and with the fully-stocked bar back at the lake house, it’d probably be tonight.
“What about you, little brother?” Killian winked at Rogue. “Don’t tell us you’re the only Walker boy without a happy ending?”
Rogue sat quietly for a few seconds. “Well, I wouldn’t want to be the one to ruin a perfect record.” He tried to keep from grinning, but his brothers smacked him on the back, laughing, and he let go with a smile.
They all looked at each other, unexpectedly pleased expressions on their faces.
Killian tapped his belt buckle. “Damn if I don’t feel that these buckles tell people we’re part of an exclusive club of some kind.”
“We are,” Jackson said. “The Walker Brothers Club.” He’d worn his buckle today, too, same as his brothers. This next week would be interesting, complicated, confusing. But Jackson vowed to give it everything he had, to make these men…family.
They all grinned at each other.
“Old Dusty must have known what he was doing,” Killian added. “Even if we didn’t think so four weeks ago.”
The waitress arrived with their burgers, fries, and pie á la mode, and they ate and talked about the ladies they’d found and claimed in Red Creek. They discussed the company and pondered out loud their prospects for the future.
Cubby’s wife brought their bill to the table. “Well, you four are quite a sight, sittin’ here all lookin’ like peas in a pod.” Sherry cocked her ample hip. “You all decide if you’re stayin’ or goin’?”
The brothers smiled.
“Hard to believe, but it looks like we’ll be stayin’.” Jackson pulled out his wallet, looking down to hide the burst of emotion that crowded in on him.
“Yeah, but you three cowboys forgot about that damn bonding.” Dylan grabbed the bill and handed it back to Sherry with a couple twenties. “Come back and ask us that same question again in a week.”
They all laughed.
Outside they all shook hands and said they’d see each other back at the house later to start their week living and working together.
Jackson headed across the street to Cyber Wise. He hadn’t seen Rori in a week, and he missed the hell out of her. Opening the door, he let the buzzer announce his arrival.
She peeked around the wall from the back room, squealed, and ran toward him, her red high-tops eating up the distance.
He braced himself and caught her, spinning them around a few times before setting her down and kissing her soundly. “Darlin’, you miss me?”
She cupped his cheeks and kissed his chin, ran her fingers through his hair and kissed his cheeks, then wrapped her arms around his neck and just stared at him, her beautiful blue eyes shining with moisture. “More than I should admit.”
“Me too, Rori.” His chest filled with that strange emotion reserved only for her. “I’ve got a few hours to kill.” He looked up to where her bed sat a floor above. “What are you up to?”
She laughed and released him, but he didn’t release her. “So much for romance, huh, cowboy?”
Jackson tugged her close again. “I just missed being with you, darlin’. That’s romantic, ain’t it?”
Shaking her head, she sighed. “It shouldn’t be, but for some reason, yes, it is.” Her hands ran along his ribs. “Still sore from last weekend? You took some hard falls.”
He’d gotten bucked off more than he stayed on. “Hey, I made the buzzer once.”
Rori’s brows dropped. “Made the buzzer? So you were trying to stay on the horse for eight seconds? Dang, I kept cheering when you were able to get off the horse before the buzzer.”
He swatted her sweet round ass. “You’re gonna need a few more lessons in rodeo, Rori darlin’.”
“Any time, cowboy. I had fun, except for those few seconds when you were on the horse or flying through the air getting off it.”
Jackson almost admitted that the thrill of being on a bucking bronc had become less appealing than spending time with this woman of his. And she was his, now. Whether or not either of them was ready to admit it. Before he’d left Red Creek that Sunday morning at the end of his official week, he’d asked her for her phone and had punched his number into her contacts list. And…she’d started to cry again.
She looked out the window. “How was your lunch?”
“Our first time together for more than ten minutes, and it went well. We’re going to meet at the house later for supper, sit and talk and drink the rest of the night. Tomorrow we’re going out on the lake and do some water skiing and jet skiing. Stuff like that.”
Her smile looked so sweet. “All the things brothers do together. You’ve got a lot of years to catch up on.”
Equal parts anticipation and anxiety rolled through him at the thought. There were bound to be some moments of disagreement, but he hoped that, for the most part, they’d all get along. “We’re spending a few days at the office with Benner to talk about the company structure. That’ll be interesting.”
She nodded. “Are you still thinking about traveling?” Swallowing, she seemed to hold her breath.
“Right now, I’m leaning more toward a job as a desk jockey.” Relief flowed through him at his admission. He’d been traveling—running—for too long.
Her smile lit the room. “Really?”
“Uh-huh. And I chartered a plane, so when I do need to travel, it’ll be easy to get where I’m goin’ and back.” He kissed her. “I want you to use it to go visit your parents whenever you want.”
Shaking her head, she frowned. “Would that be misappropriation of company funds?”
“The company isn’t paying for it. I am.” He’d never told her he had money, and with his paycheck from the company and a quarter ownership of the half-billion-dollar company falling into his pocket in less than a year, he had more than he knew what to do with.
“In that case, thanks, I’ll take you up on that offer.” Rori cocked her head. “Wow, your own plane? I sure picked the right rodeo cowboy to fall in....” Her eyes popped wide, and she looked away. “To fall for.”
Had she been ready to say, fall in love? Jackson had the same feeling, but it was still too soon to say it out loud. But it would be real damn soon when he’d blurt it out. It grew too strong inside him to hold on to for long.
“I’d like to take you west, darlin’. Meet my mother.”
Her lips formed a little O. “I…I’d love to. And if you want, you can meet my parents.”
With a chuckle, he ran his fingers through her silky hair. “You don’t sound too sure.”
“They’re great, you’ll love them, and they’ll love you.” She smiled softly, and his heart swelled.
“My brothers talked about getting all of us and our ladies together this week, too. Supper out at the lake house, maybe a sunset pontoon cruise around the lake.” It sounded so domestic, it should be making him nervous, but instead, he couldn’t wait.
“I’d like that a lot.” With a sigh, Rori hugged him closer.
“Let’s plan some family weekends in the next month.” He couldn’t wait to show her Bandon. Take her sailing out on the ocean, crabbing off the pier, out in the woods to see the redwood trees.
“Done.” She glanced up at the ceiling, then winked at him. “So, what do we do in the meanwhile to keep busy?”
He grinned, letting the blood rush from his head down low to where he wanted her so badly, it hurt. But he had a few things to talk about with her first.
“How about walking the shore of Osprey Lake with me?”
Her smile weakened. “Sure. That would be fun.” She didn’t sound too certain.
“The brothers and I were talking about the big house. We don’t want to live together there, and it doesn’t sound like any of us want to make the place our home.” Jackson sure didn’t. The memories of his dad, the good and the not good, would haunt the house forever.
“I can understand that.” She waited, staring into his eyes.
“I’ll bring up your idea of making it into a bed and breakfast at our meeting with Benner.”
She nodded. “I think Marliss and Lou would love that.”
Here was the difficult part. He didn’t know how she would react to his idea. “We’re going to divide the lakeshore into fourths and each build houses on our share.”
Her mouth opened in a surprised smile. “That’s great. It’s such a beautiful spot.”
Jackson set his hand on the side of her neck. “Rori, I want you to help me pick out a section. I want you to help me design the house and decorate it and fill it with stuff.”
She blinked rapidly, a sheen in her eyes. “Jackson. Are you sure?”
He nodded, not able to talk around the lump in his throat.
“I’d love to.” Pressing up on tiptoes, she kissed him. “Really, really love to.”
“Darlin’, I’d really, really love to…take you up on your offer now.” He glanced at the ceiling.
She laughed, then sobered. “Thank you, Jackson, for showing me what I was missing in my life.”
“Aw, Rori. Thank you for giving me a place to put down roots.” He kissed her. “A place where I can be me, and not just one of the sons of Dusty Walker.”
*~*~*~*
Thank you for reading Jackson: The Sons of Dusty Walker!
If you enjoyed the story, please leave a review at your favorite online bookstore.
Other books in this multi-author series:
(each author’s books may be read separately at no detriment to the series)
Book 1: Dylan by Jodi Redford
Book 3: Killian by Desiree Holt
Book 4: Rogue by Sable Hunter
Book 5: Zoe & Dylan by Jodi Redford
Book 6: Rori and Jackson by Randi Alexander
Book 7: Lexie and Killian by Desiree Holt
Book 8: Kit & Rogue by Sable Hunter
Book 9: A Wedding in Red Creek: Rori and Jackson by Randi Alexander
*~*~*~*
Find them in Ebook and Paperback: HERE
Ready to find out what happens next with Rori and Jackson? It’s Christmas in Red Creek, and you don’t want to miss the holiday fun!
To grab your copy of the next book in the series, find the links on my website.
Rory and Jackson
The Sons of Dusty Walker, Book 6
Chapter One
Jackson Walker knew he was dreaming, but with his sweetheart, Rori Hughes, snuggled tightly in his arms, and the two of them cradled warm and cozy in her bed, he couldn’t wake himself.
“You’re just like your father.” Rori stood in the middle of Main Street, Red Creek, Kansas, her fists on her hips. “You can’t change DNA, Jackson. You’ll break my heart, and you’ll just rationalize it away with the fact that you’re Dusty Walker’s son.”
Jackson reached over his head to attach his rodeo number on his back, turned away from Rori, and instantly found himself behind the wheel of his pickup, flooring the accelerator, squealing tires as he raced away from her.
He woke with a gasp and opened his eyes. Light from the streetlamps filtered in around the curtains, casting stripes on the ceiling.
Rori’s sweet patchouli scent drifted up his nostrils, but she didn’t move. Exhausted? They’d made love half the night in their hideaway apartment on the second floor of her computer store on Main Street, and she’d fallen deeply asleep just a few hours ago.
Easing his arm from under her, Jackson slid out of bed, pulled on his briefs, and padded out of the room and across the wood floor to the small kitchen. As he drew a glass of water from the tap, he stared out the window. Down the street a ways, the D. Walker Mineral building stood half in shadow as if hiding itself from him.
His dad. The man had been dead and buried for over a month, but his legacy lived on. Especially the part where he’d conceived four sons from four different women—none of them his wife—and had kept the four brothers from each other.
Now that all four of them had each spent a separate week in this boringly quiet little town, somehow they’d each decided to stay, at least most of the time. Some of them had kept interests back home that had to be dealt with. “Stupid spawn of a deceitful asshole.” Jackson shook his head, catching himself. No, he had forgiven his father, had sat down and spoken with his mother, who still loved ol’ dead-and-gone Dusty as if he were her main reason for breathing.
Drinking his water, he let it cool his anger. That dream, though. So real, it had to mean something. Jackson wandered into the living room and checked the time on one of Rori’s many gaming consoles. Nearly four in the morning. Was he subliminally picking up uncertainty from Rori? Hell, he could barely keep track of his own thought processes, much less sense anything from anyone else.
He sat on the arm of a heavy recliner and stared at the blank TV. The rodeo reference in the dream disturbed him. Rori had been okay with his travel schedule when he’d told her he wanted to hit a few hot rodeos this fall. How come, in his dream, it felt like he was abandoning her?
Hell, the whole concept confused him. This was the first time in his life he’d even considered settling down. How did he know if it was real love or if Rori just happened to come into his world when he needed someone? The thought of walking away from her, though, nearly broke him.
“Hey, cowboy.” Her sexy, low voice preceded the padding of her bare feet across the floor. “Are you looking for a rematch?” She stepped in front of him, and her functional blue cotton robe flapped open as she reached for the game controller, revealing her curvy, nude beauty.
Jackson set down his glass and pulled Rori onto his lap, dropping them both into the big chair. “You know I’m a lover, not a paid assassin fighter.”
Rori giggled, her shoulder-length black hair swinging wildly as she settled in, her blue eyes glowing. “I appreciate that you tried it, though. For me.”
“Anything.” Something choked the word in his throat a bit as he stared at his amazing woman. “Anything for you, darlin’.” His fingers found the tight, red bud at the tip of her breast that gave them both so damn much pleasure.
As she sighed, the memory of his dream assaulted him again. He had to get his shit together. Rori was the best thing that’d ever happened in his life, and he would make this work if it took every last ounce of his strength to do it.
****
The week the four brothers agreed to spend together in Red Creek had already begun to scrape heavily on Jackson’s nerves by noon the first day. They sat in the company’s small conference room with their attorney, Stanley Benner, Esquire, and jawed on about each little detail of the company. Everyone had his own idea of how to distribute Dusty Walker’s duties as owner and CEO, but none of the brothers was interested in the traveling portion. Not when they each had a honey living and loving right here in town.
Traveling had been their dad’s thing. Hopping from one family to the next around the four compass points of the US. Now, here the four of them were, settled down like they’d been born and raised in Red Creek, Kansas, and had never wanted to set foot outside it.
After some arguing that required mediation from the attorney, to make everything fair, they distributed the crucial trips between the four of them and handed off the others to the company’s very qualified employees.
A couple of days in, Jackson looked at the clock for the seventieth time. Only five past ten, and the lawyer had only gotten through a tenth of the files stacked in front of him. This might just kill Jackson, and his brothers, too. They’d been on edge, squabbling some, and were not feeling that brotherly love at all.
Dylan stared at a spot on the wall behind Jackson. His baby brother had to be experiencing the same exhaustion he was. Killian drew small squares on a paper in front of him as if he was feeling boxed in, and Rogue just stared down at his lap. Was the guy texting or—more likely—playing poker at some online site?
Jackson waited until Benner finished speaking and closed the folder he’d been reading from. When the man reached for another file, Jackson stood.
Four heads swiveled to look up at him, three of them nearly mirror images of Jackson, except for hair and eye color.
“Mr. Benner, I think me and my brothers here have gotten enough information for the time being.”
A slow grin spread across Dylan’s face.
Jackson hitched his thumbs in his front pockets. “I’m feeling like it’s time we four had a sit-down to discuss everything before we try to take in any more.”
Killian clicked his pen closed and set it down. “For the first time all day, I think I agree with Jackson.”
Across the table, Rogue glanced at each of his brothers, then stood. “I’m in favor of a break.”
“But, gentlemen.” The attorney set his pudgy hand on the stack of files he hadn’t gone over yet. “We only have a week, and there’s at least—”
“All in favor?” Dylan got to his feet.
“Yo.”
“Aye.”
“Damned right,” Rogue stepped to the door and pulled it open, gesturing for his siblings to precede him. “Gentlemen.” He said the word with more than a little sarcasm.
With Benner’s voice echoing a question about when they would return, the four of them made it out onto the sidewalk in front of the building in seconds.
The sun warmed Jackson as they strode through the company parking lot, splitting off into different directions toward their vehicles. Warm but not too hot, with a soft breeze blowing a few puffy clouds around, he got a vision of exactly what they needed to do. “Fishing.”
“Huh?” Dylan pulled car keys from his pocket as Rogue and Killian stopped and looked at Jackson.
“Let’s go fishing.” Jackson warmed to the idea. “Meet at the dock in front of Dad’s house in half an hour, and we’ll take the boat out. Wet a line.” It’d give them a chance to get to know each other outside of the office. With each of them staying with their woman at night, the only time the brothers were together was at D. Walker Mineral Co. And things weren’t going well there at the moment.
Dylan spun back to face them. “Yeah, why the hell not? We can talk about all this crap there as well as anywhere.”
Killian narrowed his gaze. “You know what you’re doin’ out on a boat? I mean, for any of these boys who don’t have the skills to land a fish?”
With a loud laugh, Rogue shook his head. “Which means our brother Killian is gonna need you to bait his hook.”
Killian pointed a finger at his brother. “Rogue, it sounds like we’re gonna have to have us a contest. Biggest fish wins.”
Dylan stepped forward. “I’m in. But it’ll be hot out on the lake today, supposed to get up into the 90s.” He looked down at his jeans and boots. “I don’t have swimming trunks and shit.”
Jackson looked down the line of buildings set like railroad cars along the street. “I’ve never been in the clothes store.” He’d walked by it a dozen times, but clothes shopping for him took place at a boot and saddle shop. “We can try there, see what they have.”
Rogue shrugged. “Better than sweating to death in denim.”
The brothers crossed the street and headed for Plinees Fashions. Jackson opened the glass door, setting a tinny bell ringing overhead and blasting him with cool air. The term fashions was probably a mislabel. Racks of serviceable T-shirts, polyester pants, and a few women’s blouses filled the area.
“Ah....” Killian stopped and looked around. “You sure this isn’t a chick store?”
A petite blonde who had to still be in high school came from the back room carrying a handful of hangers. She stopped and looked at the brothers, her eyes opening wide as her cheeks turned bright red. “Hi.”
“Hi.” Dylan poured more charm into that one word than Jackson could muster with a paragraph. “Y’all have men’s clothes here?”
Her gaze shot back and forth between all four of them for a few seconds. Red Creek was a small town, and everybody made everybody else’s business their own. She had to know who they were. Was she startled speechless to have all four of them right in front of her?
Rogue chuckled and pointed left. “I think I see a sign back there.”
She glanced that way, then back at them. “Yes. Yes, menswear. It’s that way.” She clutched the hangers to her chest and looked down.
Jackson leaned closer to Killian. “You figure she’d faint if we asked her to help with sizes?”
The brothers marched toward the sign and found a surprising selection of shorts and swim trunks. They each quickly chose one, grabbed rubbery sandals from a display rack, and headed to the checkout counter.
The young employee stood texting manically, then set the phone down at their approach. “Did you find what you were looking for?” She managed a smile.
“We sure did.” Killian set his items on the counter. “My treat, boys.” He pulled out his wallet and chose a credit card.
“I’ll take you up on that.” Jackson set his plaid trunks and blue flip-flops on the counter.
Dylan set down his, too. “Bet that’s the first time that wallet has been opened in a long time.”
“Watch your manners, young gun.” Killian gave the kid a glare, followed by a smile.
Jackson was starting to like having brothers. Even the teasing was growing on him, the almost mystical bro connection that seemed to put them all of a same mind at times.
Halfway through the ringing-up process, the bell on the front door tinkled, and two young women came in, looked at the brothers, then giggled as they ducked behind a rack of dresses.
Rogue caught Jackson’s eye and winked. “Looks like the place is doing pretty well.” He glanced at their cashier. “Is it always this busy?”
The girl’s gaze shifted to where the two newcomers giggled and held up their cameras, evidently taking pictures of the Walker boys. “Sorry.” She said the words to the men as she shook her head for the benefit of her friends.
“We’re used to it.” Jackson took the bag from her. “New in town, I suppose it always raises a little interest.”
She blushed again and gave him a sweet smile. “This town is dull as dirt most days. It’s good to have a few new faces to…um….” She glanced at her friends.
“Stalk?” Killian signed the credit card receipt, gave their cashier a killer smile, and followed as his brothers wandered out.
Not used to being stalked by anyone other than fanatic groupies, Dylan led the way back to their company’s building.
“Gonna be like that for a while.” Killian slid his sunglasses on.
Jackson slowed and looked into Rori’s storefront. She was in there but had customers. When he caught her glance, he winked.
Looking down at her phone, she typed.
His phone bonged as a text came in. He pulled it from his pocket and opened her message.
You four shouldn’t run in a pack. You’re going to get all the single ladies stirred up.
Jackson laughed, and his brothers glanced at him.
“Rori. She says we’re a pack now. Out stirrin’ up the females.”
His three brothers grinned and puffed out their chests, changing their fast walks to manly swaggers. Jackson joined the fun, and they strolled across the street. True to Rori’s warning, people—mostly women—stopped to stare.
“Watch out, Red Creek.” Jackson grabbed his truck keys from his pocket. “The Walker boys are here to stay.”
His brothers laughed, but Jackson turned somber. He hoped like hell that was true.
*~*~*~*
Connect With Me
Thanks for reading Jackson, The Sons of Dusty Walker. I hope you enjoyed Rory and Jackson’s story. It was so much fun writing this series with three other authors, each of whom is a truly fabulous writer. I love the town of Red Creek, and it’s especially beautiful and full of romance at Christmas!
The fun continues with Rory and Jackson, The Sons of Dusty Walker, Book 6 of The Sons of Dusty Walker Series. Purchase links are available on my website.
I’d love to hear from you. I’ve listed all the places I hang out, and I hope you’ll connect with me at one or more of them.
All my best,
Randi
RandiAlexander.com
Facebook
Facebook Fan Page
Twitter
Instagram
Goodreads
About the Author
Randi Alexander writes romance novels in a fun variety of genres, like western, paranormal, menage, BDSM, and even sweet. When she’s not writing a story or dreaming about her next book, Randi is biking trails along remote rivers or snorkeling the Gulf of Mexico.
Forever an adventurous spirit with a romantic imagination, Randi is family-oriented and married to the best guy in the world. Give in to the allure of passion as Randi’s emotional love stories sweep you off your feet and leave you breathless. You’re guaranteed a story that’ll give you a happily ever after. 

Other Books by Randi Alexander
Ghosts of High Paradise Ranch Series
Book 1: Haunting a Cowboy - FREE!
Book 2: Unforgiven Spirit
Book 3: Ghostly Charades
Book 4: Sexy Ghosts: 4 Paranormal Romances
Heroes in the Saddle Series
Book 1: Hot in the Saddle - FREE!
Book 2: Badge and a Saddle
Book 3: Saddle and a Siren
Cowboy Jackpot Series
Book 1: Cowboy Jackpot Christmas - FREE!
Book 2: Cowboy Jackpot Valentine’s Day
Book 3: Cowboy Jackpot St. Patrick’s Day
Hot Country Series
Book 1: Chase and Seduction - FREE!
Book 2: Heart of Steele
Book 3: Rough Ryder
All Cowboy Series
Book 1: All Hat No Cattle - FREE!
Book 2: All Flash No Cash
Book 3: All Smoke No Fire
The Sons of Dusty Walker Series
Book 1: Jackson - FREE!
Book 2: Rori & Jackson
Book 3: A Wedding in Red Creek
Double Seduction Series
Book 1: Double Her Fantasy
Book 2: Double Her Pleasure
Book 3: Double Her Temptation
Book 4: Double Her Destiny
Cowboy Bad Boys Series
Book 1: A Gentleman and a Cowboy - Coming Soon
Book 2: Hard Headed Cowboys - Coming Soon
Book 3: Cowboys Love Horses - Coming Soon
Book 4: Cowboys Wearing Badges - Coming Soon
Book 5: Cowboys Falling At First Sight - Coming Soon
Book 6: Cowboys Broken Hearts - Coming Soon
Book 7: Working Cowboy Style - Coming Soon
Book 8: Redneck Romeo - Coming Soon
Romance with a Sting Series
Book 1: Turn Up the Heat - Coming Soon
Book 2: Hot Springs Temptation - Coming Soon
Book 3: Her Cowboy Stud - Coming Soon
Book 4: His Talent is Her Pleasure - Coming Soon
Standalone Books
Christmas Millionaires
Bobbers & Bait - Coming Soon
Boundary Waters: Ambushed - Coming Soon
A Hurricane Named Temptation - Coming Soon
Hot Vegas Strip - Coming Soon
Wild LA Seduction - Coming Soon

