Jade
Book 1 of the Precious Stone Series

M. A. Silver
Copyright © 2018 by M. A. Silver

This novel is a work of fiction. Any references to historical events, real people or real locales are used fictitiously. Other names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead is coincidental.

All rights to reproduction of this work are reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced to a retrieval system or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the permission of the copyright owner. Thank you for respecting the copyright.

For permission or information on foreign, audio or other rights, contact the author. ag47ma@gmail.com
TABLE OF CONTENTS

Dedication
Jade
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Onyx
Dedication
This book is dedicated to my parents, both of whom instilled the love of reading in all their children. Papa, Mother… I miss you both so much.
I love you.
I would like to give my heartfelt thanks to Andrea H. You have been there from the beginning of this labor of love and I can never say thank you enough.
Thanks to Tatiana Vila for putting up with me. I love the cover art!

ag47ma@gmail.com
https://www.maag47.com/
www.facebook.com/Ma.silver.982
Jade
The first time I saw, “Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing” I was probably 9 or 10 years old. Needless to say, I forgot most of the story. I say most, because the one thing that stuck with me was the scene where Jennifer Jones character announces to her family she is in love with an American. As each of her family exit the room, they each take off a piece of Jade and gift it to Han Suyin. Suyin, later explains to her American lover, “We Believe That Jade, If Worn Long Enough, Becomes The Person Who Wears It” and “They have given me something of themselves to take away.” By giving the jade to Suyin, the family is in essence, giving her a part of each of them. It also meant that, she was basically disowned and this was all she would have of them. I have seen the movie many times since that first time, and now love the story of Dr. Han Suyin and Mark Elliott. But still love that scene the most.
My mother gave me my first piece of Jade many years later, and I now have several pieces. Some she wore, some she didn’t. But when I wear those she wore, especially one heavy necklace, I always wear it tucked in, against my chest, on the left side, over my heart. That way, I know she is with me.

What follows is information for entertainment purposes only and taken directly from several internet sites. It is not meant to provide any kind of medical advise. So, if you’re sick or have any of the malaise mentioned below, seek medical help. But maybe take a bit of the metaphysical to heart. I mean, what could it hurt? MAS
Jade is a stone of the heart. As such it is related to the heart chakra and has a beneficial effect on all heart chakra related issues. So, of course, it can attract and enhance love of all kinds. It is also a stone of fidelity and generosity. It is also considered to be good for the physical heart and for emotional balance and stability. It is used in crystal healing for increasing self-reliance. Jade is also very helpful as a stone of abundance. Physically, jade is used in crystal healing for lung problems, kidney problems, immune system weakness, PTSD, and nervous system overwork. Jade is also energized by its color, and relates to those color energies as well.
Chapter 1
What the hell was she thinking? Today was her 57th birthday and all Diana wanted was to be home, dressed in her yoga pants, flip-flops and oversized men’s tee shirt reading a good book, listening to the local classical music station. Instead she had let the “girls” from the office talk her into going to a local club for a celebration party. The music was too loud, the room too warm and the bodies too young. She wasn’t exactly uncomfortable, hell, she spent too much time in her club to be, but she would have to make her get away before too much longer.
What the hell had she been thinking coming out tonight?
The perky blonde waitress, swaying to the bass beat of the overly loud music, reached over Diana’s shoulder to pick up the empty glasses on the high top table and asked if she wanted another drink. Diana looked at the empty glass which still contained a few ice cubes and nodded.
“Yes, tall Soda Water, please.”
She rarely drank anymore and never during the week. Those days were long behind her. Crawling out of bed in the morning, feeling like crap and trying to get through a ten hours work day just didn’t work for her anymore. And while she didn’t have to work her day job tomorrow, she did need to get to her “Pen” early and get the accounting paperwork done and do some ordering for a private party she had booked for Saturday night.
She reached up to make sure her waist length hair was still in the bun she preferred for her day business work hours, pushing the Bobbie-pins deeper into the bun to insure it stayed secure. She couldn’t wait to get home and release the constriction. The back of her head and shoulders ached from the weight of keeping it in the elaborate knot she kept it in most days, not to mention spending ten hours working on her computer. Diana kept thinking she should cut it all off, but it was one of the few guilty pleasures she allowed herself. She loved nothing better than having it brushed.
As she started to bring her hand back down, she felt the fine hairs at the nape of her neck tingle and prick up. Her sixth sense kicked in and she know what it meant. As nonchalantly as possible, she turned, swinging her crossed, nylon clad legs to the side of the tall chair and reached back to pull her wallet from her purse where it rested on the back of her chair. Twisting in her chair allowed her to nonchalantly take a look at the bar, tables and people around and behind her.
There was what looked like a bachelor party going on behind her at the bar, but she didn’t immediately see anyone watching her, but she couldn’t shake the feeling that someone was staring at her. She continued her perusal of the bar until her gaze came to rest on the dark haired, mustached man who seemed to be older, more mature than the others in the group. His eyes snagged hers and didn’t let go. She was used to men and yes, women, staring at her, but not when she was in day attire. On the days she worked at the country club office, she dressed very conservatively. Almost dowdy. Only when night came and she was at the “Pen” did she dress to command attention.

* * *

What the hell was Jake thinking? He had agreed to come to the bachelor party for one of the younger deputies he worked with, but all he wanted was to head home, strip out of his suit and jump into the pool for his nightly swim. Then he wanted to climb into bed and continue the novel he’d started last weekend until his brain was calmed enough to allow him to sleep. The last place he wanted to be was in a club that catered to the twenty-something crowd. The music was too load, the room overly warm and he hadn’t recognized a single song the DJ had played so far. He was getting too old for this shit.
What the hell had he been thinking coming here tonight?
Just as he started to turn to ask the bartender for a soda water, his attention was caught by a woman sitting alone at the high top table that looked to be the center of another party. Balloons, proclaiming “Happy Birthday” were tied to her chair and the woman looked to be almost as uncomfortable as he felt. He watched as the young waitress started clearing the many empty glasses and leaned in to the women, asking, he was sure, if she wanted another drink. She nodded and as the waitress turned to leave, she raised her hand to the back of her head, probably to make sure the bun she wore was secured. Her hand stalled for a second, then started to drop to the table.
It was then he realized that her hair might not be blonde as he thought at first glance, but silver. When she turned to reach for her purse, the lighting from above caught her hair and seemed to throw sparks around her head. And when she turned around, he noted that the hair around her face was completely white… silver. Interesting… Most women colored their hair at the first signs of gray, hell, most men did too now. Jake never understood it. His own thick, coal black hair was heavily laced with grey and was one of his better feature, or so he had been told by his daughter.
When her eyes locked with his, he felt like he‘d been kicked in the chest. He felt the beginning tingle of attraction skitter down his spine, roll around to the front of his gut and lower to lodge somewhere around his groin.
Hmm… Again, interesting. It had been a long time since a woman had peaked his interest. While he couldn’t tell from this distance, he would bet his Harley, her eyes were blue.
From this distance, he could tell she was a beauty. Fresh faced without heavy make up. And her hair was extraordinary. He wondered how long it would be when released from the bun she had it in. Judging from the size of the bun, it would be long and thick. He would love to pull the pins and release her hair and run his fingers though it. Then grab a handful and pull her head back and run his lips down… Whoa! He felt his cock twitch. Down boy! What the hell? He wasn’t some randy teenager. He was pushing 59, and too old to be fantasizing about a woman in a bar he hadn’t met… yet.
Jake dug into his pocket, pulled out his money clip, peeled off a twenty and headed to the DJ booth.
After leaning over the Plexiglas divider and speaking to the DJ, the twenty landed in the cup near the turntables. The kid nodded, smiled and shot Jake two thumbs up.
When the DJ announced he was going to be “slowing’ it down” for a couple of songs, Jake watched as several twenty-something women and a couple of young men returned from the dance floor to silver haired beauty’s table. Before he could make it though the crowd coming off the floor, one of the young men rounded the table and grabbed the silver haired woman’s hand, practically dragging her onto the dance floor. He could tell she was uncomfortable, but laughed good naturedly and went anyway.
As they passed him, he drew a breath and could smell a familiar scent he couldn’t quite place. It was so familiar, pleasant, teasing his memory. Something he hadn’t smelled in many years, but something he associated with good memories.
After a moment of watching, Jake decided he’d had enough as the kid step on her toes, again, and made his way to the mostly empty dance area and tapped the young man on the shoulder. Not expecting an interruption, the couple stopped and he caught the grimace on the woman’s face as the kid stepped on her toes again.
“Mind if I cut in?”
The young man stepped back, relief showing on his face, relinquishing his hold on the woman’s hand.
“No, go for it man.” he said and scuttled back toward the table.

* * *

Diana looked up into the almost black eyes of the mustached man who’d been watching her from the bar and had tapped David on the shoulder. God, he was big. In an instant, she sized him up. Not just tall, but wide shoulders that tapered to a trim waist and long legs. While she didn’t consider herself that small at 5’ 4” the top of her head barely reached his chin and when he took her left hand in his right, his hand seemed to swallow hers. Oh goodness, hands where one of her weaknesses. There was nothing more attractive to her than a man with big hands and his were huge! He placed his left hand on her back to bring her closer into him. That hand seemed to span her whole back from the top of her spine at the base of her neck to the top of her waist. Goose bumps skittered down her arms, raised the fine hairs at the nape of her neck and she felt her nipples start to harden. She looked at her hand in his and placed her free hand on his left shoulder.
He leaned towards her right ear, inhaling the scent he still couldn’t identify and his mustache and five o‘clock bristle scraped her temple as his lips brushed lightly against her ear.
“Happy Birthday” he whispered.
Diana barely restrained the groan, as against her will, her head tilted towards his lips. Oh, my goodness, was the only thing going through her mind. He had the voice of a late night disc jockey. Deep, rumbling… A voice made for the dark of night and hard driving sex.
“Thank you” she replied looking up, gaze locking with his incredibly dark eyes.
Slowly, they started to sway to the sounds of a favorite song of hers. Funny that the DJ would play a Eric Clapton. “Wonderful Tonight” was a beautiful piece, an oft played song on one of the oldies station she favored in her car and the office. It never failed to bring tears to her eyes.
Looking down at her face, Jake realized she was older than he’d first thought. No twenty-something girl here, but a women. Probably in her late forties, maybe even early fifties. Good, now he didn’t feel like he would be robbing the cradle.
“I would have lost.” he murmured to himself.
Her chin came up and she tilted her head to the right. “Lost?” she asked barely loud enough to be heard over the song he‘d asked the DJ to play.
Jake hadn’t realized he’d spoken aloud. “Yeah, I made myself a bet that your eyes were blue. And they are…?
“My drivers license says green” Diana replied with a slight smile. God, he was handsome. And his voice. As the girls in the office would say, “to die for.”
“And what did you bet yourself?” she asked almost coyly.
Coyly? Oh man, Diana hadn’t been coy since she first started training in the lifestyle. What was this man doing to her. She’d loved to flirt when she was younger, but with her business and position, she didn’t have that luxury much anymore.
God, she really was beautiful Jake thought. The way her little chin came up and she tilted her head to the right and the slight smile as she asked her questions brought out the little laugh lines around her eyes. And her voice was what he had heard most of the male contingent at the station call a “bedroom” voice. Deep, feminine, made for sex.
“My Harley” he shrugged.
“Oh, be still my heart!” she sighed, “Handsome, sexy, big hands, beautiful mustache and a Harley to boot!” she grinned up at him, this time with the full blown smile that felt like a punch to his chest and almost knocked him to his knees. Jake felt his cock twitch and start to swell.
Jake chuckled and Diana felt the rumble though her chest. Then he brought his head down to whisper in her ear, “Be still my heart! Beautiful, small hands, ripe body, a sense of humor and loves Harleys to boot!” twisting her reply to suit. Her eyes flew to his when he pulled back and winked. Actually winked at her. Feeling flirtatious, she winked right back at him. He smiled flashing pearly white teeth and his mustache twitched over his beautiful mouth.
“Wicked”, Diana corrected him with a slight toss of her head. His left eyebrows cocked and he gave her a questioning look.
“Wicked sense of humor.” Diana continued. “Or as one of my teachers’ liked to tell me, ‘wicked, warped sense of humor‘.” she explained. “It would occasionally get me into trouble, but I somehow think you can take it.”
He leaned into her ear again and whispered, “I can take it if you can. So don’t hold back from me. Give me everything you’ve got, babe.”
The dual meaning wasn’t lost on Diana. Oh yes, she thought, this man would be ready and most certainly able to take anything she could throw at him. The confidence radiating off him had her willing to bet not much got passed him. She might have to rein herself in until she knew him a bit better. And did she hope she would get to know him better. It had been years, since any man had peaked her interest as quickly as this man was doing. And it had been over ten since she had allowed a man… No, lets not go there tonight.
The DJ segued into another Clapton song, “Tears in Heaven” and Diana pulled her left hand from his hand to reach up and place it on the nape of his neck. She then lowered her right hand to the middle of his chest and stepped in closer. This forced him to place his now free right hand at her waist. The man was solid. Diana’s brows lowered in thought and she tapped her index finger against his chest. Too solid. Sneaking a look around, she noticed that, for most of men in this club, California Casual was the dress code of choice. But this “big man”, along with several of the group he came in with, still had their suit coats or light weight jackets on. Both eyebrows raised up in understanding and the light bulb went on over her head.
“So, tell me Officer, or would that be Detective? How long have you been in law enforcement?”
Damn, she was observant, Jake thought. Since he had come directly from the stationhouse right after shift, he hadn’t taken time to change and still had his Kevlar vest on, his service weapon still in the holster at the back and to the right at his waist covered by his suit coat. As a Captain in charge of detectives, he was required to have his piece on him at all times, on or off duty. When he was home, he kept it in a lock box in a dresser drawer next to his king bed.
“Dang, woman, you are good. But a better question might be, when was I not in law enforcement.” Just then, the DJ changed the music and the volume coming out of the speakers set up around the dance floor caused Jake to grimace. He leaned in, almost having to shout to be heard. “Can we find someplace quieter? This stuff that passes as music is going to rot my brain if I have to listen to it much longer. There’s a coffee shop just up the block. We can talk there.”
Diana had to agree with him. This stuff really would rot the brain. Ah, give me Debussy’s Clair d Lune any day, she thought. Not sure he would be able to hear her, she nodded her agreement. He grabbed her hand and led her from the dance floor. When they got to her table, all talk stopped and all eyes swung to Diana and the big man next to her as he leaned down and in close enough to her ear that his mustache ticked the upper edge. Jake told her he needed to make his excuses and he would meet her by the door. Again, she nodded that she agreed and signaled that said she needed to do the same with the group she’d come with. When Diana turned to the table, several of the young women in the group looked at her with their mouths hanging open and David, fanned himself with both hands mouthing “Hot, hot, hot!” at her. She couldn’t help the huge grin on her face, and felt her face growing warm. Was she blushing? Damn, what was this man doing to her?
These kids all knew her from work. The professional, slightly dowdy, quiet, self confident office manager and right hand to the GM and Board of Directors of one of the most prestigious country clubs in the country. She was more a mother than friend to these kids. And here she was, after two dances, leaving with a man, whose name she didn’t even know. Well, hopefully that would bring her up in their opinion. She grabbed her purse from the chair with the balloons still tied to it, wiggled her fingers to the crowd and yelled to them all to have a good rest of the night and headed for the door. Before she had gone more than ten steps, hoots and hollers went up from the table, along with a few “Go get’em Girlfriend”, and one “Make us proud, Di!”
While Diana was making her excuses at her table, Jake walked up to the young deputy whose bachelor party it was, pounded him on the back, wished him a good night He handed five twenty dollar bills to the bartender with instructions to not let any of them go over the limit. He then quickly made his excuses to the rest of the group and headed for the door. Several of the group had been watching the man who’d earned their respect over the last year and a half and put their heads quickly together. Just as Diana reached where Jake was standing by the door, as one they yelled, “Good night Cap and remember… be safe out there!” Jake lowered his head until his chin touch his chest, shaking his head and laughing quietly to himself. “Be safe out there,“ was how he ended each mornings roll call meeting. Then he grabbed Diana’s hand, and his free hand lifted over his head middle finger held high. The group behind him erupted into roaring laughter.
Chapter 2
Once outside, the noise from the club became nothing more than a bass beat. Standing just out of the way of the front door, Jake spun Diana around, pushed her against the wall and trapped her between his arms.
“Jake” he said lowering his right hand from where it rested near her head and holding it out in front of him.
“Diana” she introduced herself and started to put her right hand in his.
Just before she touched him a spark leaped from her hand to his and shocked him… Literally. But to his credit, he didn’t flinch.
“Oops, sorry about that” Diana apologized as she grasped his offered hand in a strong, professional business like grip. “I seem to hold a lot of electricity this time of the year and tend to shock myself constantly. It usually doesn’t happen when I touch others though.”
He just kept looking at their joined hands. Feeling how right it felt to hold her small dainty hand in his. No, dainty wasn’t quite the word. Small, yes, but he could feel small calluses along the line where the fingers joined her palms and wondered if she gardened. How else would she get calluses there?
“Shocking, isn’t it?” She asked a small smile twitching on her lips as she tried to gain eye contact.
“Shocking, indeed” Jake replied looking up and into her eyes. “What else do you hold a lot of?”
Diana tilted her head up and to the right. “Are you flirting with me Jake?
“Yes, Diana, I’m trying my best… But if you have to ask, then I probably need to up my game. Do you object?” Jake replied.
Tilting her chin up and head to the right again, as if considering his questions, with a quick nod she made up her mind. She looked him square in the eye and answered.
“No, I don’t think I do object. But I thought I would double check.” A deep sigh broke from her lips, and she pouted as if she was heartbroken. “It’s been a long time since I flirted or was flirted with.” She looked up at him and batted her eyes.
Jake smiled at her faux hang dog look. With her hand still in his, he pulled her away from the building and they started down the sidewalk to a local all night coffee shop in the next block. Walking beside her, he couldn’t take his eyes off her.
“Surely it hasn’t been that long. I mean I know today is your birthday, but you aren’t so old that the men your age have forgotten how to flirt. I mean, what are you? Thirty? Thirty five?”
Diana threw back her head and laughed. Not the coy little twitter like some women did to entice a man. A full bodied, full throated laugh. When she was finally able to get herself under control she turned to him.
“Oh my, thank you for that. You’re good for my ego. And is that your way of asking my age, Jake?” Again with the tilt of chin and head. Jake was beginning to recognize it for what it was. Her tell.
“No, ma’am, my mother would box my ears if she knew I asked a lady her age.” He shook his head, and his big body did a mock shiver as he opened his eyes wide, looking innocent and as if trying to gain her compassion.
Then she stopped right in the middle of the side walk under one of the street lamps. He stopped next to her and waited while she turned to him. Good thing it was late and there was no one else about to run them down. Placing one hand on each of his cheeks, her thumbs, over the center of his upper lip, moved outward stroking his mustache. She tilted his head down until she stood looking directly into his eyes.
“There are two things I never lie about Jake… Well, I try my best to never lie, period, because, you see I’m really not very good at it. But the first thing I never lie about, is my age. If you want to know, I will tell you. Today was my 57th birthday. And if you want to know more, I have never been married, I have no children and at this stage of my life, I see no reason for either of those two things to change. While I might not be a virgin, my past relationships have been long term and there hasn’t been anyone in my life for more years than I want to think about. I don’t do casual. Anything else you want to know, all you have to do is ask me. But, you will know when I don‘t want to answer, because I’ll tell you it is either not your business or not something I am comfortable talking about. But, I won‘t lie to you. Now that is probably more information than you wanted, but there it is.”
Not once during her little speech did she break eye contact. After all these years in law enforcement, Jake could spot a lie a mile away, and this woman wasn’t lying to him. Of that he was sure.
He nodded and she let her hands fall back to her side. Before they started walking again, Jake had her hand back in his, fingers entwined. They had gone a half a block in comfortable silence, when this time, Jake stopped them and turned her to face him. Mirroring what she had done, he placed his hands, one on each cheek, his thumbs over her upper lip and stroked outward with each thumb. Her eye lids slowly slid to half mast at the caress and her lips parted slightly, her warm breath caressed his thumbs. Heat pooled in his groin and his cock swelled. God, she was responsive. He waited for her eyes to open fully and meet his.
“I’m 59 years old. I’ve been married and divorced, amicably, had my children and am currently unattached. I‘m monogamous, but I haven’t been a monk. I’ve had all my shots, and won’t bite unless I’m asked to. I am drug and disease free and I will never lie to you or play games. I’m too old for that crap. And while I‘m being completely honest, I am extremely attracted to you and would like nothing better than to take your hair out of that bun you have it in, wrap it around my hands, lay you down and sink my body so deeply into yours, you won’t know where you start and I end… But I am also patient and willing to wait for what I want. And I want you.”
And with that being said, he lowered his head, watching as her eye lids covered those beautiful pale jade green eyes and laid his lips against hers.
Nothing more, just lips meeting in a first, innocent kiss.
When his head lifted, he waited for her eyes to open and noted that their color had changed. No longer pale, they had taken on a more intense, deeper shade of green. He wondered what their color they would be when he first joined his body with hers.
Oh my. Diana was in speechless. Never had a man so quickly touched her heart the way this man just had with his words and his kiss. She quickly shook off the lethargy and tilted her head. Before she could get the words out, she saw his smile.
“Okay, what? Lay it on me…” he said with a light hearted chuckle in his voice when she looked at him quizzically. “When you tilt your head like that, I know you are going to give it to me.”
Diana smiled. She really was going to have to keep her guard up with him.
“Well, you mentioned that you didn’t play games…?” she stepped closer, bracing both hands on his chest and standing on tip toe to bring her lips close to his ear. Using the voice that one of her training Dom’s had described as liquid sex, she lowered her tone and whispered in his ear. “But you see, there are certain games I like to play, Jake. Would those be prohibited?” She pulled back to again, look him in the eye. She was almost demur in her demeanor, her question innocent.
Then, by damn, she grinned and batted her eyes at him and Jake couldn’t help himself. He threw back his head and roared with laughter. It only took a second for Diana to join in and again, hand in hand they again started towards the coffee shop.
Chapter 3
The next morning, Diana slept later than she had in years. Usually her morning started at 3:30 or 4 AM. During the week, she was usually in bed by 8 PM reading or watching TV. So last night, not getting home until almost midnight was unusual for her. On the weekend when the “Pen” was open, she didn’t get home until much later. She didn’t leave until the last member and staff had gone. If she even went home at all. There was a very comfortable couch in her office that has served as her bed more than once. She’ also had a private bathroom with a large shower built from one of the large closets that had been part of the office. On rare occasions, she would leave Mack in charge and head home early. But the “Pen” was her baby and no one could run it the way she could and did. She stretched lazily, feeling her muscles wake up. She looked at the bedside clock and jumped out of bed. She needed to get going. She had a schedule to keep.
She stripped out of her short oversize tee shirt she preferred to sleep in and grabbed a sports bra and yoga pants, threw on clean tee shirt and flip-flops and headed out her bedroom sliding door to the grass back yard. The sun was just starting to clear the mountains in the east. Facing the rising sun, Diana closed her eyes, breathing deeply until she found her center. She stretched up both arms, taking them over head before placing palms together and bringing them down to her chest bowing her head until it touched her middle fingers. Inhale, exhale. Slowly she went through her morning yoga routine. Inhale, exhale. Feeling muscles stretch and heat. Inhale, exhale. Warrior pose. Feeling her mind clear, then empty. For every action, equal and opposite reaction. Down Dog. Inhale, exhale. After an hour, flowing from pose to pose, she opened her eyes and rose from her last position. Savasana. Again, she stretched up both arms, taking them over head before placing palms together and bringing them down to her chest over her heart. She bowed to the east where the sun had breached the top of the mountains and whispered, “Namaste”.
After her morning yoga, she entered her kitchen. She cut a slice of the wheat nut bread she had made earlier that week, popped it into her toaster and filled a cup of water from the instant hot water spigot at the sink for her morning tea. She pulled the tea caddy out of the drawer and filled it with her favorite, Oolong tea before dropping it into her cup. She then reached into the cabinet and pulled the mason jar of raw honey down and scooped out a spoonful and placed it in the tea. She sat at the counter that separated the kitchen from the dinning area and opened her iPad. Checking her email first, not much there. Spam and a few emails. Then on to her favorite “down time/brain” games. When the toast was ready, she stingily spread it with butter and ginger marmalade, grabbed her steeped tea and headed back to the stool to finish playing her “brain” games. Hopefully they would keep her brain sharp. Goodness knows, with Jake in the picture, she would need it in the future.
She put down her cup and wondered. Was Jake going to be in the picture. She’d had a wonderful time with him last night and having him leave her was harder than she’d thought.

* * *

They’d sat in the all night coffee shop, he drinking decaf coffee and she sipping decaf tea due to the lateness of the hour. They had talked about so many subjects. From the local to national political races going on (thank goodness, they‘d agreed on most subjects), to food likes and movies. She found that Jake, like her, had a wicked sense of humor and together they quoted lines from their favorite Mel Brooks films. Good thing there weren’t many people in the coffee shop at that time of night. They would have thought she and Jake were crazy considering how much they laughed and tried to outdo each quote. Crazy, or drunk.
Jake told her how he’d come to be in the bar that night. That normally he didn’t drink more than a beer or two on the weekends, but had gone to the bar for a “bachelor” party for a young deputy. When she asked again how long he had been in law enforcement, he told her the story of when he was young, just out of high school and at loose ends. He’d enlist in the Marines when he was eighteen. His father had been a cop, as was his uncle. He wasn’t sure that was what he wanted, but he knew he didn’t want to go to college directly out of high school. He’d been an okay student and a gifted athlete, even been offered a free ride on a athletic scholarship to USC. He passed that up and instead, had spent time in Iran during the first Gulf war. He had requested MP training when he first enlisted and found he had a knack for reading people and solving puzzles. When he retired from the Marines after twenty years as a Sergeant Major with the MP‘s, he had applied with the Los Angeles PD and been hired. He had spent the next fifteen years raising through the ranks there.
It was a tough job, he told her and up until the last year there, he had really loved what he did. He took the “To Protect and Serve” motto seriously. That was when she saw the shutter drop over his eyes. She’d reached across the table that separated them and took both his hands in hers. He’d looked into her eyes then and the darkness lifted. It didn’t go away totally, but she knew her touch had brought him out of the darkness he might have fallen into. He told her that he had applied with the Riverside County Sheriff department and had come on board there as the head of the detective division. His “age and experience were an asset” he told her with a self deprecating grin. Now he worked with and led a group of young, hot shot detectives who affectionately called him, “Pops” behind his back. He didn’t do a lot of field work anymore. Mainly rode a desk.
Jake leaned back in his seat, but maintained the hold he had on her hands.
“They’re all good men, but so young. I sometimes wonder if I was ever that young. And knowledgeable. I had to struggle just to learn how to use most of the computer stuff and still hunt and peck with two fingers, but these kids were raised with it. Back when I started, we used note pads and pencils. Geez, these kids don’t even know what a pencil is anymore!” he chuckled and shook his head.
That is when he asked her about how she had come to be where she was in her life. Diana really didn’t want to talk about herself right then, so she let a yawn escape and told Jake that was a story for next time.
He’d smiled at her and nodded his head.
“So, there will be a next time. Good, give me your phone.” he ordered and let loose one of her hands to hold his hand out, palm up.
“Dominate little devil aren’t you?” she teased.
“And you love it, don’t you?” he returned.
Oh my, if he only knew. But she didn’t reply. She pulled her other hand free and reached around to where her purse hung on the back of the chair and dug through to find her “personal” phone. She had two phones, one for business and one for every day use. She had to make sure she grabbed the right one. She finally found it in the side pocket and pulled it out, holding it close to her chest. Head tilting, chin up and hitching slightly to the right, grinning, she asked, “You aren’t going to make an international call are you? Because my plan doesn’t cover Canada or Mexico. I learned that the hard way.”
He chuckled and even though they weren‘t touching, she could feel the vibrations to her toes. He really had a wonderful sound about him.
“No, but that’s a story I would like to hear later too. I am going to take your phone number and put it in my phone. Then call you so you’ll have mine in your phone. No excuses that way.”
He took her phone, right swiped and punched a few buttons. He surreptitiously scanned though her phone book. He found her number and adding to his phone. She sure didn’t have many people on her contact menu. He handed the phone back to her and hit the send button on his own phone. Within seconds, her phone rang. The opening strains of Beethoven Fifth. God, would this woman ever stop surprising him?
“Something else we will discuss later. Music. From the Beethoven as your ring tone, I take it you like classical?” he asked.
“Wow, I am totally impressed. Yes, it’s my default ring tone. Not many men, no sorry, let me rephrase that, not many people I know would recognize, much less be able to name the composer. You are an interesting man, Jake…?” She stopped realizing for the first time, she didn’t know his last name. Working in the rarified atmosphere of a country club where the least expensive lots went for upwards of five million dollars, each member was know as Mr. or Mrs. “insert last name here”. And in her business, names were important.
“Connor” he took her right hand in his right hand.
“Nice to meet you Jake Connor. Diana Grene. Pronounced like the color, green, but spelled G R E N E.”
“Grene? Scottish if I‘m not mistaken.” he replied.
“You aren’t mistaken. But a mutt really. But that‘s conversation for another time. I really need to get home. I have things to do tomorrow and it’s going to be a very long day for me.”
“Come out with me this weekend, Diana. Dinner. Lunch, whatever. We can meet if you prefer, someplace quiet and talk more. I really want to get to know you better, Diana.”
Diana felt the heat rise to her cheeks and her heart skip a beat at his intense gaze. “I would love that Jake, but this weekend I have commitments I can‘t get out of. I might be able to get away Sunday afternoon, but tomorrow and Saturday wouldn’t work for me.”
“Sunday, then. Can we meet somewhere for breakfast or brunch?” He didn’t want to wait too long for a second meeting. He was afraid that she would have second thoughts when she got home and figure him for some kind of weirdo.
“I normally go to church Sunday morning for the 8 AM service. But that usually ends by 9:30 and we could meet after that.” she suggested.
“Perfect! I’ll call you to set up a time and place?” Jake smiled and she again noticed how beautiful his mouth was. His mustache made her ache with the urge to run her fingers over it again to feel its softness.
They walked out of the coffee shop and headed back to the club where both had parked their cars. Keeping her hand in his, he noticed she wasn’t one of those women who constantly had to talk. She was a peaceful presence and being with her soothed his body, calmed his mind and soul. He let her lead him to her car and again, she surprised him. He whistled as he looked from her to the car.
“56 or 57?“ He took the key from her hand and unlocked the door before handing her the keys back.
The white 1956 Thunderbird was her pride and joy. He father had bought it when she was in junior high school and had lovingly restored it . After his death she couldn‘t bear to part with it. She didn’t drive it often, but today it seemed to call her to come and play. She had two other cars, but this was her favorite.
“You know your cars. It’s a 56, hard top convertible. I’ve had to rig up a pulley system in my garage for when I want to go… um… topless” she explained tongue in cheek.
He crowded her back against the door, placing both hands on top of the hood to box her in. Leaning in, for the first time letting his body press fully along the length of hers, he whispered in her ear and he felt the shiver she couldn’t restrain.
“Will you let me know the next time you decide to go… um… topless? I would love to see it. Maybe you‘d even let me…um… take the wheel and drive?” Then his tongue flicked out against her ear lobe before nipping gently with his teeth.
She couldn’t help the shiver that ran down her body. Her breath caught in her chest at the feel of his tongue, then his teeth nipping her ear lobe. He had found her erogenous zone. Her ears and neck were two of the most sensitive spots on her body guaranteed to get her juices flowing and weaken her knees. She couldn’t stop the soft groan from escaping her lips. She placed her hand on his chest and dug her short fingernails in. They met Kevlar and she moved them to the nape of his neck searching for flesh she could sink her nails into. Her fingers felt the soft hair at the nape of his neck and she longed to run her hands though. She felt his lips tracing a path from her ear, down her neck, losing contact before landing on her forehead, skimming down her nose, leaving light kisses along the way. When he finally reached her mouth, she was more than ready. The kiss when it came, curled her toes and weakened her knees. She could feel the heat of juices soaking her panties.
His tongue flicked out, licking her lips. When she moaned he slanted his head and thrust himself into her mouth. Her tongue met his and dueled for a few seconds before she closed her lips and sucked gently on his tongue. This time, he moaned and thrust deeper. Their mouths opened wider and the battle was on. Tongues battled and she could feel his cock hardening through his trousers and against her stomach as he pressed her against the car. She wasn’t sure when, but at some point his hands had dropped from the hood of her car to her waist. Then lower around to her lower back and pull her more fully against him. She knew, even through the specially made bra she wore to hide her generous breasts, that her nipples had become diamond hard. If he hadn’t been wearing that damn vest, he would have known it too. Laughter and shouts from people leaving the club had them breaking apart, panting. He leaned his forehead against hers. Damn, what this man did to her.
“Sunday” he said and opened the door, helped her into the low slung front seat, slamming the door, before turning on his heels and walking away.

* * *

Diana came back to the present and took her plate and empty cup and placed them in the sink. She needed to shower and dress before heading out to the “Pen”. She undid the braid she kept her hair in when she slept and picked up the brush pulling it though the heavy tresses. When she got to work tonight she would have one of the girls brush it for her before getting into costume.
She walked into the marble walk-in shower, letting the water from two of the six heads caress her and soothe her muscles. She grabbed the loofa, poured the unscented body soap over it and started to washed herself. She thought of Jake and what it would be like to have him here with her. They would wash each other and maybe he would press her against the side of the shower, lift her so she could wrap her legs around his waist while he plunged into her. She slipped a hand down her abdomen to her hair free mound and folds and teased her clit with her middle finger. It had been so long since she’d pleasured herself and it didn’t take long before she came. Well, she thought, she would explode in no time if Jake took her. She heaved a sigh and stood under the hot water and let it wash over her. She shook her head and smiled. She finished her shower, wrapped a towel around her head and dried her body with one of the thick luxurious towels she preferred.
Then she pulled on another pair of yoga pants and a tiger striped tee shirt that hung to mid-thigh. She removed the towel from her hair and brushed until the tangles were gone from her hair. She would wait until Maria got here and let her finish it. She really should consider cutting it. She didn’t let it down often in public, normally keeping it braided. She let it down maybe once or twice a year for holiday parties at the country club. But long was just as easy as short if she kept it braided or in a bun. And it made her feel good to feel it swinging across her back when she did let it down. Before she left the bathroom, she reached for her signature perfume, Tabu and dabbed it on the key points of her body.
She walked back into the kitchen and grabbed a piece of paper and pen and started her shopping list. She had just finished when there was a light knock at the front door.
“Come” she said, and heard the sound of the key in the lock and the door opening. The tallish, thin man and small plump woman came though the door. Eyes downcast they walked to within inches of where she sat. She didn’t rise to greet them, didn’t say anything, but did turn in her seat to face them, folding her hands in her lap. As one, they both fell to their knees, elbows bent, forearms and hands flat on the carpet, bending forward placing their heads, one on each of Diana feet.
“Good morning, Mistress” the couple said as one.
A small smile tilted Diana’s lips and paraphrased in her mind one of her favorite Mel Brooks movie line. “It’s good to be the Queen.”
Chapter 4
Jake woke that morning at 4 AM with a hard-on he could pound nails with. He lay there thinking of the dream that was no more that a slip of fog quickly fading from his memory. He’d dreamed of snow. Not cold snow, but warm, comforting snow he wanted to get lost in. He remembered scooping up handfuls and watching as it slowly slipped though his fingers. And as the snow slipped though his fingers, it changed and morphed into silky hair, wrapping around his fingers, wrists and forearms and holding them with their silken tresses. Then eyes, jade green replace the snow left in his hands and her head and mouth developed slowly in his palms. Teasingly. Diana. He’d just began to kiss her, feeling the softness of her mouth when he was dragged from his sleep. Jake opened his eyes and groaned. No Freudian explanation needed there. He knew exactly what the dream meant. But what the hell had dragged him from the hopefully satisfying conclusion.
Beside his bed, his work cell chirped, telling him he’d missed a call. Rolling over and grabbing the phone. He seriously considered throwing against the wall for the interruption of one of the best dreams he remembered having. He swiped his big finger to unlock the phone and punched the voice mail icon. He punched in his password and listened to the message.
“Hey Cap. Sorry to bother you so early, but we caught one early this morning.“ Jake recognized the voice of Mike Cruz, one of the junior detectives who had recently been promoted from streets to the detective division. “Smitty is out with the bug that’s been going around and I was wondering if you wouldn’t mind coming to the scene.” The rest of the message gave the address and major cross streets. Jake hit the ‘redial’ button and waited for Cruz to pick up.
When Cruz picked up, Jake asked a few questions and told the young detective he would be there within the hour. He then hopped out of bed and looked longingly out his bedroom sliding glass door at the pool. Damn, he really needed to work off some energy, but it wouldn’t be now. He still had a semi when he stepped into the large walk in, open shower. Well, he hadn’t done this in a long time, but he couldn’t get to the scene with his trousers tented from his half mast cock, could he. He grabbed the soap, lathering the close cropped hair on his chest following it down to the equally close cropped hair at the juncture of this thighs. He would have to groom that soon he thought. Swimming as much as he did, he kept most of his body hair trimmed to lessen drag.
He placed one hand against the shower wall under the shower head and wrapped his big palm around the semi hard staff. He slowly started stroking as he picture Diana in the shower with him. Hands lathering each other, while mouths dueled for supremacy. He could see himself backing her up against the tile wall and lifting her until her legs wrapped around his waist and her moan of pleasure as he plunged in and out of her. The groan that he couldn’t stifle was simultaneous with the stream of come shooting from his penis. Over and over his cock jerked until he was spent and had to sit on the built in shower bench.
Oh, yeah, he was surely going to have to call Diana today.
Jake used the electric razor he kept in his car to shave before getting to the scene. He turned down the quiet, well manicured street and would have had no trouble finding the address. Black and whites with the lights flashing. Fire department and EMS parked, willy-nilly, blocked the street. Neighbors in various forms of dress crowding the sidewalk. He reached in to the glove box and pulled the red globe out and rolled down his window to place it on the roof.
Jake saw Mike Cruz speaking with one of the EMS guys and headed directly for him after he’d parked and exited the car. He pulled the badge out from under his shirt and let it hang from the strap around his neck.
“Cap, good of you to come. I really am sorry I had to call this early, but I think I need a second set of eyes on this one.” Cruz held out his hand and Jake shook it firmly. Then he remembered Diana’s small hands and had to shake the thought out of his head.
“What do you have, Mike?”
“Not much Cap. Neighbors called in a noise complaint regarding music being too loud this morning and when the uni’s got here they didn’t get an answer. They had the landlord let them in on a welfare check. They found a Miss Jasmine Leeds, 23 tied to the bed. She seems to have been strangled. It looks like she’s been dead for at least 12 to 14 hours. We won’t know for sure until the ME gets here and does the initial exam.” Mike gave his report while looking at his blackberry where he kept his notes as he and Jake walked up the front steps and into the apartment complex. They climbed to the first floor turned right down the hall and stopped at the open door. The place was clear of all personnel by this point.
Mike Cruz continued. “There was nothing EMS could do, so they backed out and are just waiting for the “all clear” to pack up and go.”
Jake stood on the threshold for a moment taking in the scene. Nice apartment, comfortably furnished, pictures in frames around the room. Neat, tidy. He looked at the carpeted living room, and down the hallway that ran into the back rooms and noticed the marks.
“Make sure you grab the vacuum and have it tested for trace, Mike. Looks like whoever did this cleaned up. Carpet has been freshly vacuumed. Did EMS touch anything?” Jake asked.
“No, sir. One guy came in, checked her, saw there wasn’t anything they could do, then backed out. You know those fire guys… So bored they stick around just so they don’t have to go back to the house and cook.” It was a running joke between cops and the firefighters.
Jake reached into the pocket of his suit jacket and removed two latex gloves. Snapping them on, he carefully entered the apartment and walked down the hall. He stopped, and when he looked back, he could see each of his foot prints. Yeah, the sucker had vacuumed alright. Really well too… Hopefully he hadn’t taken the bag, or God forbid the entire vacuum when he’d gone. Jake stood at the entrance of the master bedroom and looked at the young woman tied spread eagle to the feminine four poster bed. Each arm and leg had been tied, one to each post. He could see the abraded and torn flesh around her wrists and ankles where she had fought to get free. Blood soaked the restraints from her efforts. Her eyes were open, iris’s cloudy and staring sightlessly to the right. He followed where her gaze was directed and carefully moved to the dresser to the right of where she lay.
When the ME arrived, Jake was still going through the drawers of the dresser. He’d found her cell phone sitting on top and thrown it to Mike telling him to see who had called or been called in the last 72 hours. “Also check her calendar and see if she had any appointments. After that, get that to the IT guys and see what they can pull. Also, see if we can find a computer of some sort. Maybe her emails can tell us something.”
After the ME had bagged and removed the body and Jake had done what he could, he told Mike he would meet him back at the station and headed out.
Chapter 5
After Diana had left the submissive couple to do chores and shopping, she headed west on Interstate 10 to just before the casino. Exiting the freeway and winding her way across the flat expanse of desert, she reach what might look to be, at first glance, a deserted warehouse. There was no sign of what the building might hold. Only to the observant would they recognize that the parking lot and building had been well maintained. Not one weed would find it’s way through cracks nor one speck of peeling paint would be found on the building. She took pride in her business and it showed in everything she did her.
The moment she pulled her little VW bug convertible behind the building, she pressed the remote, watched the loading bay door open and rolled in.
The moment she pulled her little car in and closed the door, Diana ceased to exist and Mistress Jade took her place. It stopped surprising her years ago. Here, at her business Jade was the Mistress of it all. She didn’t think about the change, it just happened.
After punching in her alarm code, Jade pressed the button next to the entrance and opened the door that lead directly into the kitchen. She heard the soft “ding” of the alarm connected to every door leading to the inside of the club. She walked into the kitchen area of the “Play-Pen” and went to the refrigerator to grab herself a pitcher of Jamaica and filled a glass with ice to take to her office. Once in the office, she turned on her computer and waited for it to boot up. She poured herself a tall glass of the Hibiscus tea and settled into her chair.
She pulled up the menu for the party tomorrow night, checking and rechecking against all the emails and text messages the Dominant throwing this shindig had sent her. Normally she wouldn’t overly stress, but with 200 plus people attending at $500.00 per person, she needed to make sure everything was correct and would run smoothly. Who knew what new clientele she could acquire from this. A knock at the door had her raising her head and pulling her reading glasses from her face.
“Come” was all she needed to say.
Mack entered the room, bent at his waist and bowed to her and stood waiting. A smile pulled at her lips and she gestured to one of the two chairs in front of her desk.
“Good morning Mack. Sit, please. Did I disturb you when I came in?” The club had a very elaborate security system and only once had Jade forgotten to disable it. Mack, who lived upstairs in the loft apartment had scared her to death when he’d shown up with a very large, very nasty looking Colt .357 aimed at her. She never forgot to disarm the security system again.
“No Mistress, I’ve been up for a while now.”
Jade sighed. “Mack, when it’s just you and me, please don’t call me Mistress. You’re not my submissive. I would like to think you’re the closest thing to a friend I’ve got here. You know my secrets and you guard them well.”
Mack inclined his head towards where she sat behind the desk. Never in all the ten years she had been in business, and Mack had been with her since she opened the “Pen“, did he ever seem to let down his guard around her. At one time, she’d had hoped for a relationship with him, but she had never so much as felt an once of interest on his part. He was her protector. The big brother she never had and she now loved him as just that. A big brother. He was the clubs head of security when the club was open, in exchange for a small stipend and free room. In the past, he’d more than earn it.
“You’re here early today, Jade. Worried about tomorrow night?” He asked.
“Yes, a little worried. I get at least one text an hour from the Dom whose throwing this party and he’s driving me nuts. I love him dearly, but he is going to put me over the edge. But I can’t help but think about the opportunities this may bring our way. New members never hurt. Did you go over the schedule and assign duties with everyone?”
“Yes, I called them all and the only one I haven’t been able to get hold of is Jaz. Everything is going straight to voice mail. Do you want me to try to get a stand-in for her?”
Jaz was one of her newer subs. Mistress Jade had taken her on at the request of another Dominate who was hoping that a woman might have better luck and be able to instruct the young woman better. Young and a bit of a scatter brain, Jade didn’t think she would last long. She was too prone to push and seemed to be more interested in getting fucked then becoming a submissive who enjoyed serving. And while there were plenty of submissives trained as “Fuck Slaves”, Jade didn’t think Jaz had a true calling for any aspect of the lifestyle.
“Yes, please call someone else. I can’t take the chance that she won’t show up. You can call my two house subs to come in to help serve if you need to. Their at my house now, but their cell number is in my files. I’ll contact Dom J, who sent Jaz our way and let him know we’re cutting her loose. If she shows up, just let her know her service with us has ended.” Again, just a nod of his head to let her know he understood and would do as she asked.
“And would you call Samantha and let her know to come in a couple of hours early. I’ll need her to help me prepare for the night.” The last was said looking at her computer so she missed the slight tightening around Mack’s mouth and eyes.
Just as Jade finished speaking, her personal cell phone chimed Beethoven’s 5th telling her she had an incoming call. She dug though her purse to grab the phone, and couldn’t restrain the wide smile when the caller ID showed Jake’s name.
Taking a deep breath trying to slow her heart, Jade touched the icon that would connect the call.
“Jake, good morning.“ Mack’s eyebrows peaked, as he stood, bowed slightly and took his leave from office to give her some privacy.
“Good morning sweetheart” came the deep voice over the earpiece. “How did you sleep last night? Sweet dreams, I hope?”
“I wish… But I don’t remember my dreams very often anymore. But I know I woke this morning thinking about you. How did you sleep. Did you dream of me?” she teased.
“Yes, as a matter of fact I did.” His honesty surprised her. “A great dream, with snow and hair and your beautiful jade green eyes.”
“Snow? Hmm.. Interesting. But why snow?”
“Warm snow. That turned into your hair and wrapped itself around my fingers and arms. Truthfully sweetheart, I can’t wait for the time I get to let all the beautiful hair free and spread it over your body.”
Damn, the man had a way with words. Already she could feel the heat pooling low in her folds and her breasts becoming heavy.
“Do you have a hair fetish, Jake?”
He laughed, “Never have before, sweets, but I just might be developing one.” They talked for a while until Jake told her he had been coming from a crime scene and had reached the station. The agreed to meet on Sunday at a quiet bistro for lunch after she got out of church. She could hear the sound of voices through the phone as he walked through the station to his office. She didn’t say anything until he asked if she was still there.
“Yes, I’m here. I just didn’t want to hang up yet. I can’t wait to see you again, Jake. It’s been a long time since I met a man who… “ Jade stopped, not sure if she say too much.
“Who…? What, sweetheart?” he whispered.
What could she say? “Who makes me feel this alive again. Who makes me… want, again.” It wasn’t easy to explain what she wanted to say to him. She wasn’t even sure she understood what she was trying to say. She just knew that she wanted him.
“Damn, Diana. You don’t know what that does to me hearing you say that. If I were with you right now… Damn… The guys in the squad room are really cramping my style right now. My office is a glass box and if I stood up right now, they would really get a show.” he joked trying to lighten the conversation.
“Jake” Just that one word was almost his undoing.
“Until Sunday, sweetheart.” And as much as he hated to do it, he ended the call and just stared at the phone in his hand.
Mike Cruz was standing just outside his open door and cleared his throat to get Jake's’ attention. From the grin Cruz was trying to hide, he’d heard at least part of the conversation.
“What!?” Jake barked as the young man came forward to take a seat in one of the two seats in front of Jake's’ desk.
“Nothing, Cap.” Still unable to hide the grin, Mike started giving his report. “We didn’t get much from the cell. A couple of calls to and from, according to the contact list, her parents and a couple of calls we can’t ID. There were several incoming from a local 760 area code number, but again, no ID available. I tried the reverse phone look up and came up with an address. From the GPS co-ordinates’ it comes back to a warehouse out near Cabazon. I sent a black and white out there to do a drive by, but no one seemed to be there. No, signage to give any hint of what the place is. They reported that the place is well kept, but as far as I know, no one I’ve spoken with knows what the place is. I figured I would head out there later today or tomorrow to see what I could find out. That‘s about all I got. No one saw anything and with the exception of the noise complaint, no one heard anything.”
“Good job, Mike. Let’s keep on top of those calls and if you wait until tomorrow, I’ll go with you out to the warehouse. I do NOT want you going out there by yourself without back up. Got that? We can check it out together.”
Mike nodded, stood and headed for the door.
Chapter 6
Saturday dawned bright and sunny and after her morning yoga, Diana went out back and set up her targets. Placing them along the fence line, she uncoiled, Big B, her eight foot single tail and spent the next hour systematically shredding paper targets. Underhanded, she would slice the targets from the bottom to top and overhead, from top to bottom. She then started fine tuning the art of precision target practice by placing empty cans on crates She snapped the whip so as to have the feathered tail ever so lightly strike the cans without dislodging them.
She’d fallen in love with whips when she first saw them used while visiting relatives in Washington State. They’d all gone to a circus and she had watched as the man with the whip first snatched a rose then a cigarette from his assistance hand. Then the assistant had put a lit cigarette in her mouth and turned sidewise. Not many people must have known what happened, but the whip master had misjudged and instead of the cigarette, he had snapped the tail against the assistants face. Without a peep, the assistant had simply covered the spot the tail had landed and calmly walked out of the arena.
It wasn’t until she was in her early twenties that she had found a Dominant who was trained in whip work. The first time he’d used it on her, she’d been hooked. The crack of the whip, the sting of the tail against her naked back and breasts. She’d never thought of herself as a “Pain Puppy” but pain was subjective. It was a week before she could lean back in a chair or lay on her back. The pain and the pleasure of what had transpired that day was a constant reminder of the trust she had placed in the hands of her “Master“.
It was another year before that same Dominant had agreed that he would teach her whip work. When she became proficient enough, he had presented her with her own whip. Big B. She rarely had a chance to use it anymore, but she liked to keep her skills honed. She missed her “Master“. He was the first to recognize that she was better suited to be a Top then a bottom. For the next eight years, He had schooled her in the fine art of becoming a Dominate. Her training was nowhere near complete when He was killed in an auto accident. Diana liked to think He would be proud of what she had accomplished since He’d taken her on as a young submissive. He was her mentor, her lover and she missed him.
When she was finished with her whip work, she got out the saddle soap and oil and for the next half hour, mindlessly cleaned and oiled the whip. When she’d finished, she washed her hands. While the water ran over them, she looked down at the calluses on her right hand the handle of the whip caused. She needed to use more lotion.
At two o’clock, Diana was out the door and on her way to the “Pen.” She wanted to be there before the caterers left to make sure everything was ready for tonight. She exited the freeway, drove down the road, into the parking lot and around back. There were catering and party equipment rental trucks around the back, but none blocking her roll up door. Bless Mack for keeping the way clear. She pulled into the garage and listened for the familiar chime as she let herself in the back way, up the back stairs and directly into the back door of her office. In front of her office was the second floor walkway that led past her office and to various private rooms. It was an open walkway and could be seen from the main floor of the club. She didn’t want to take a chance using that way to her office. After the workers left she would go down and make sure everything was in order. She’d used these same companies when she planned parties for the country club. She didn’t want to take the chance that she might be recognized. They didn’t know what this place was, or what kind of party they were setting up for, but Jade had learned to be extra cautious. She knew Mack could handle anything that came up and if he had any questions, he could let her know.
Mack knocked on the office door and at her “Come” opened the door, stepped in and closed the door behind him.
“Mistress, things are going well and we will be ready well before the first guest arrive. Samantha should be here around four to help you dress. And still no word from Jaz.”
Jade could see the concern on his face. But something more than concern seemed to be below the surface.
“What are you thinking, Mack?”
“I’m not sure.” And for the first time since Jade had known him, he seemed tired. On edge. His hand went to the back of his neck and squeezed the tendons there. When he looked back up at her, a shutter seemed to fall over his features.
“Mack, is everything alright?” As much as Jade wanted to go and touch him, she knew better. “Are you alright?” she asked with genuine concern.
“Fine, I’m fine. “It’s nothing I can put my finger on, but I keep getting this feeling. I can’t explain it, but I think we need to be especially careful tonight, Mistress. Too many unknowns coming in. I’ll get the ear-wigs out and make sure that the senior most submissives have them. I’d also feel more comfortable if you wore one tonight also, Jade.”
Damn. He was worried. Ear-wigs were little electronic listening devices that Mack had bought when they’d been having trouble a few years back. The fit into the ear and could be used to individually call each person, or everyone if the need arose. And Mack knew how much she hated wearing one.
“Alright Mack. I trust your gut. Please make sure that everything is ready with the subs before the guest arrive.” He started to say something, but Jade held up her hand. “Yes, Mack. As much as I hate them, I’ll wear an ear-wig too.”
Nodding, Mack turned and left the room. Something must really be bother him, she thought. He hadn’t even bowed.
Samantha was one of Mistress Jades first submissives when she moved back to the desert area around Palm Springs. She was also one of the few people, including Mack, who knew Diana was Mistress Jade.

* * *

Diana had been leaving a restaurant one evening and had seen a woman walking down the sidewalk one hand holding the hand of a small child, the other hand dragging a battered suitcase. Mother and child had sat on the low retaining wall around the restaurant and Diana could hear the mother soothing the child. “I know you’re hungry, baby. And I promise we’ll get something soon.” Diana looked down at the ’To-Go’ box with more than half her left over dinner inside. She walked over and sat next to the tired looking woman and offered her the box.
“I always take the left over’s home and end up throwing them away.” Diana told her gently. It wasn’t until Samantha raised her eyes to Diana, that she notice the split lip and black eye. Diana was finally able to coax Samantha and her daughter into the restaurant, where she bought her and her daughter dinner. For the next two hours Diana did what she could to help. She’d called the local woman’s shelter where she volunteered and was able to get Samantha and her daughter in. Over the next year, Diana had been able to help get Samantha back on her feet.

* * *

Samantha showed up at the appointed time and after greetings, proceeded to brush Jade’s hair until the static made it almost impossible to handle. She then wrapped her hair in such a way that the nylon covering could be placed over it keeping her hair up and hidden under the amber hair wig she would be wearing tonight. Make up applied, the wig was pulled over her head and when she looked at herself in the mirror, Jade figured her own sister wouldn’t know her if they met on the street. Amazing what different color hair and too heavy eye makeup could accomplish. Next came the jade green bustier, garters and stockings. Then came the contact lenses. Blue tonight Samantha suggested. Then the hated ear-wig was inserted into her right ear.
When as the first cars rolled into the parking lot, the mask was put into place. Hand made, custom fit, it would be comfortable all night. It was jade green, with feathers and glitter which reflected off the lights in the club. It would make quite a statement when she made her entrance, while still masking her identity.
Jade walked along the hallway and down the flight of stairs to meet the man who’s party this was. He was a Dominant from the LA area, who because of his public image, couldn’t risk playing in the non-members or open clubs around LA. He was here with his submissive, who also happened to be his loving wife of 30 year to celebrate their anniversary. He was a nice guy and Jade had known him for close to thirty year. When she’d first told him her plans for opening the “Pen”, he had encouraged her. Even offered to help fund her. And when the “Play Pen” had opened it’s doors for membership, he had been her first member.
The party was in full swing by 9 o’clock. All the upstairs rooms were in use with people waiting for vacancies. Each of the ten “private” rooms were large and used for different play. One had a rack and bondage equipment, all rooms two way window for those who enjoyed others watching them play. Even if she didn’t have room for every fetish she wanted, the more popular kinks had been taken into account. Each room had been developed after countless conversations with other Doms and their submissives. Jade had even been asked to do a demonstration with her whip tonight.
Funny, that. When she’d asked for volunteers, every submissive female and a few male subs had raised their hands. Female submissives LOVED the whip. She’d only had two of her male customers ask for it.
She walked up the stairs to the second story walk way and stood looking down at the main floor when her ear-wig pinged. Placing her finger against the offending piece of plastic, she waited for Mack to speak.
“We have company. Looks like a county car. Two inside.”
Jade nodded, knowing that Mack would be able to see her from wherever he was. She turned, walked into her office and closed the drapes over the window that looked out onto the walkway and out over the main level of the club..
“Do you know what they want?” Jade asked.
“Stand by.”
She waited until Mack let her know that there were two detectives in the outer alcove and were asking to speak to the person in charge. “Goobers” Jade whispered and she heard Mack grunt, forgetting to take her finger off the ear-wig. “Are we alone, Mack?” meaning, was this conversation going out to all wigs or just their two.
“Secure” came the response.
“Have they seen you yet, Mack?”
“No, they’re dealing with the door men right now.”
“Can we get them brought up the back way, Mack? I don’t want them on the main floor. And before they get here, meet me in the control room, please.”
“On my way” came the response.

* * *

Jake had still been at the office when Mike called him about 8:30 Saturday night.
“Uni’s just let me know that something’s going on at that warehouse.” Mike didn’t waste time with formalities.
Jake pulled off his reading glasses and opened the drawer, taking out his secondary weapon, which he put in the holster on his ankle. “Pick me up out front in five minutes. I’ll go with you.”
When Mike and Jake pulled off the freeway and headed down the long stretch of road, Jake told Mike to cut the lights and pull over before they got too close. Mike pulled over and Jake grabbed the binoculars from the glove box. He rolled down the passenger side of the window and trained his eyes on the building. He handed the binoculars to Mike and asked him what he saw.
The young detective let out a low whistle. “Geez, looks like a Beverly Hill car lot! The cost of those cars could fund a third world nation for years! I can see at least four Rolls Royce’s. One a Ghost and another Silver Shadows. Christ! I don’t think they even make those anymore. Damn, Bentleys, Lotus’s, Tesla’s and Lamborghini’s. What the hell kind of place is this?”
Jake had seen the same cars and was actually itching to get closer look at a couple of them.
“We’re about to find out. Head on in, Mike.”
Before they had even turned into the lot and headed to what looked like a valet stand, one of the two security men had pinged Mack on the ear wigs to let him know there was a car that had been parked up the street. It had come down the lane, then blacked out and pulled over. Looked like a county car, they told him. Mack left his place just inside the front door and went into the main room. First his eyes searched for the small, dark haired submissive and after finding her circulating with a tray of champagne, he started towards the upper balcony where he could see Jade. When Bruno let him know that there were two detectives wishing to speak to the owner, Mack instructed him to make sure their car was taken around the side and then they were to hold for instructions. Then he pinged Jade.
“We have company.”
Chapter 7
Breathing deep to try to calm herself, Jade walked into the control room that was attached to her office and where four video monitors were mounted against one wall. She watched as Bruno, taking his time, escort two men to the back of the building. Mack stepped into the room, just as Bruno, reached the back door and looked up directly into the camera mounted outside and above the door. Both of the men with him followed suit and Jade’s heart dropped. Jake… What was he doing here?
“Mack, I need you to do me a favor and handle this please… Long story short, I know one of those men.” Oh God, for the first time in her life Jade was scared. Not for her safety, but for her heart. She may not have known him long, but she knew that Jake could become very important to her.
Mack had worked with Jade for many years and had never know her to hide from anything. Hell, if anything she met every challenge head on and damn the consequences. For the first time either of them could recall, he touched her. He laid his big hand on her shoulder and pushed her into his big chair in front of the control panel. His hand remained where it was as he reached over and pushed the button that would buzz the three men in. With Bruno leading the way, Mack switched camera’s and watched them make their way up the stairs to Jade’s outer office door.
Bruno waited and again, Mack pressed the button to unlock the door. Bruno stayed on the top step, but motioned to the two chairs in front of a heavy wooden antique desk. Mike Cruz took one chair while Jake walked to the back wall and leaned his shoulder against it. He was looking around the office, and focused on the drape covered wall behind the desk. Music could be heard though the walls, but it was well muted.
When the door to the right of where Jake was standing opened, the last thing he expected was the mountain of a man who stepped though, quickly closing the door behind him. Jake thought he caught movement of another person and monitors in the room before the guy got the door completely closed. Turning his attention to the third man now in the room, Jake sized him up quickly. This guy was HUGE. 6’ 4” and 250 pounds of pure muscle, Jake figured. Ex-military, probably marine from the size of him. Special forces from the way he carried himself. Not an ounce of fat on this guy and the way the shirt stretched across his chest, Jake figure it had to be tailored to accommodate his size. What the hell kind of “club” was this?
Rounding the desk and sinking into the slightly too small chair, Mack opened his palms and laid them on the top of the desk. He’s eyes went immediately to Jake.
“May I see some ID, gentlemen?“
Both Jake and Mike pulled out their ID wallets and handed it to Mack. After taking a moment to study the identification, Mack flipped them closed and handed them back.
“How may I help you, Detectives?” He addressed his question to Jake, knowing he was the senior member of the team
“Are you the owner of this club, Mr…?” Mike asked pulling out his Blackberry to make notes.
“I represent the owner, detective. How may I help you?”
“So you’re not the owner? Is the owner available? We’d like to ask him a few questions about an employee.” Mike responded.
Mack’s eyes hadn’t left Jake's since he’d sat down. Man, talk about a rock. This guy could give a rock lessons. Jack thought to himself. This guy didn’t give anything away. Jake knew Mike wasn’t going to get anything from him, so breaking eye contact, Jake turned his gaze to the closed door to his right.
“We have no employee’s detective.”
“Isn’t this a club of some kind, Mr.…?”
“Yes,” was all Mack said.
“What kind of a club doesn’t have employees, sir?”
They weren’t going to get anything from this guy and Jake knew it.
Jake shifted and returned his eyes to the big guy behind the desk. That’s when he saw it. Well hidden, deep in the guys ear. A receiver. Jake had worn them enough on stakeouts to recognize them when he saw one. He turned again to the closed door and pushed off the wall, taking a couple of steps towards it.
“I wouldn’t do that, Captain,” Mack warned menacingly, not moving a muscle. Jake saw Mike, stand up, move back a couple of steps and place his hand on the service revolver on his right side. Mikes’ eyes never leaving the man behind the desk.
Just as Jake started to reach for the handle of the door, it turned. The door opened slowly, and a woman walked through. Jake's eyes shot back to the big guy and saw the look of disappointment come over his face before he gained control and again went blank.
“Thank you Mack, I think I can handle it from here.” the woman said in a deep, sultry voice as she come though the door and slowly walked over behind the desk. The big man rose out of the chair, bowed his head and whispered, “Yes, Mistress” before stepping aside to allow her to walk behind the desk.
“I am the owner of this establishment Detectives. How may I be of service?” Like the big guy, she placed her small hands, palm down on the top of the desk. On her right wrist, a two toned jade bracelet knocked against the wood.
It took Jake a moment to regroup. He looked over at Mike Cruz, who had his mouth hanging open. Damn, did this woman have a figure or what?
Dressed in a metallic jade green bustier which lifted her ample breasts pushed high, where a large jade necklace nestled in her cleavage. Jake's eyes ran down to the tiny waist and what looked like a bull whip hung from a leather strip attached to a wide leather belt. Outward to hips that were well padded, but not overly so. High on her right hip, mostly hidden by the bottom edge of the bustier, Jake had seen the very edge of a tattoo he couldn’t quite make out. Lower to the G-sting undies that covered enough to not get her arrested and thigh hi stockings, with a seam down the back held in place with garters. Long legs for someone as short as she was. All of which ended in what had to be, four inch stiletto come-fuck-me heels. Without the heels, she couldn’t have been more than 5’3 or 4”. But what a package it was.
He was reminded of a silver-haired angel he’d recently met. They both could give Marilyn Monroe a run for her money in terms of lushness. When he could drag his eye back from her chest, he saw the smile pulling at her pouty, blood red painted lips. Her face was half covered in some sort of feathered mask allowing Jake to see her unnaturally, deep blue eyes. Wait, no, that wasn‘t right. Colored contacts? Interesting, but not uncommon. Her auburn red hair was in a chin length bob framing her face. Her contact covered blue eyes locked with his and the big guy, Mack was it, cleared his throat to get their attention. Jake mentally shook himself and inhaled deeply. That’s when he smelled it. That fragrance that tickled his memory. Something familiar that he hadn’t smelled for a long time until last Thursday night.
“Detectives? I have guest I need to return and attend to. How may I assist you? You mentioned something about an ‘employee‘?”
Mike finally seemed to come out of his stupor and cleared his throat again. “Ah, yes, we are looking for any assistance you can give us regarding a young woman named Jasmine Leeds? What can you tell us about her?”
“May I ask why you are asking about Jasmine, detective?” Breathe, Jade thought, breathe. Inhale slowly, exhale slowly. Calm.
“We’re here because she was found murdered in her apartment Friday morning.“ Jake spoke for the first time. He was really hoping his blunt statement would shake this woman. He wasn’t disappointed.
He watched as the color drained from the woman’s face where the mask wasn’t hiding it and her eyes dropped to rest on her hands, as she lowered slowly into the big chair. The big guy started to take a step towards her, but with no more than a lift of a finger which still rested on the desk and an almost imperceptible shake of her head he stopped and resumed his position. “Mistress?”
“I’m fine Mack.” she whispered, then raised her blue eyes and they connected with Jake.
“May I ask how or what led you to my club, Detective?”
“There were several calls made from a number registered to this address on her cell phone.” Mike answered. He had resumed his seat and her gaze slowly swung to him. “We thought since there were no messages left you might have some information. Was she an employee here? And what exactly is this place?”
Jake saw the big guy tense when Mike mentioned the calls. Had he made the calls to Jasmine Leeds? He was a little old and rough for the girl, but hell, who was he to say.
“Jaz was not an employee here. She was sent to me for training.” Jake saw the grim set of her lips and the anger flair in her eyes.
“I’m sorry,” Mike said. “I didn’t get your name, ma‘am. And what do you mean ’training‘?”
“You may call me Mistress Jade, or if you prefer, Mistress. Jaz was sent to me for submissive training. When we couldn’t get hold of her for the last few days, we “released” her. She wasn’t well suited for the lifestyle. Mack, would you get these gentlemen something to drink.” Jade knew it was a stalling technique, but she needed to slow down. Think. Don’t explain. Short answers. “Detectives, would you like some water? Or perhaps some Hibiscus tea?”
Both detectives shook their heads, “Nothing, thank you.” Jake answered politely.
“Sorry, lifestyle, Ms. Jade?” Mike asked.
“Not Ms., Detective, Mistress Jade or Mistress. Do you know anything about the BDSM community or lifestyle, Detectives? Besides what you might have read in any of the “Grey” books or seen on movies or TV?”
“Enlighten us, please, Mistress.” Jake asked.
She focused her gaze on Jake's eyes hoping she wouldn’t see disgust there as she spoke. “Depending on what your interests are, B.D.S.M covers a broad area of interests. Bondage, Discipline, submissive and Master. The lifestyle involves a variety of erotic practices that range from roll playing, bondage, submission, spanking, etc. to total life style immersion and yes, to a certain degree pain. But then, pain is subjective for each individual. But most importantly, it is about trust, Detectives. Do you remember the child’s game, ‘Trust Me‘? Where one person falls backward, trusting another to catch them before they hit the floor.”
Jade watched the young detective nod.
“When the person falling trusts enough to let go completely, and the catch happens as planned, both players experience a moment of exhilaration. BDSM is similar. It’s about trust. And when trust trumps the possibility of harm, the result is incredibly intimate and erotic. This club offers safe haven to those who wish to come and share play, ideas or techniques.”
“What can you tell us about Ms. Leeds, Ma‘am?” Mike asked typing furiously on his Blackberry. Jake would have to talk to him about that. The young detective needed to watch the people he was interviewing. The tail- tell signs people make they aren’t aware of.
“I can’t tell you much, Detectives. As I already stated, she wasn’t with me long. I might be able to have someone contact you who would know more than I do about the girl. So, if you leave your card, I can pass it on.” and with that, she rose from her chair.
Jake had to smile. They had been summarily dismissed by this little piece of dynamite. Mike started to rise and turned toward the door.
“Would you mind if I spoke with you alone, Mistress?” Jake asked as the “big” guy started to come around the desk to escort them out. Mack stopped in his tracks and turned to look at Jade. Jake watched the exchange between the two and saw that with just a blink of her eyes and the slightest of nods, she let Mack know she would be okay. Mack did his usual little bow, and headed out the door behind Mike Cruz.
“Please sit, Detective” Jade held her hand out toward the chair in front of her desk as she sat back into her own chair and put her hands, fingers interlaced on her desk.
For the longest time they sat across the desk just staring at each other. Jake thought it was like looking at a sphinx.
Jade now knew why Jake was so good at his job. Most people were uncomfortable with silence and would just talk to fill the void.
Well, he was in for a long wait. Jade once had a Master who would make her sit quietly for hours. If she spoke without being told to, he would make her sit in the closet until she learned her lesson. She only sat in that closet once. It was so quiet in the office that the strains of classical music and the murmur of voices could be heard from the main level. The party was still going on.
“How long did you work with Ms. Leeds, Mistress?” was the first question he asked.
“As I said, she was only with me for a short while. No more than three months. She was flighty and not suited to life of a submissive.”
“What was she suited for?” Jake asked.
“A fuck slave, Detective.” If Jade thought she would shock him, she’d been wrong.
“And a ‘fuck slave’ would be…?” he asked.
“Just what the name implies, Detective. Jaz wasn’t interested in being submissive. She was in it to get fucked with a little kink. That is not the kind of submissives I train.”
Straight and to the point.
“Train?” Jake kept asking questions, hoping he would figure out what his mind was trying to tell him. It was something about this woman. Did he know her from someplace?
“Train, Detective.”
“Jake, please.”
“I don’t think so, Detective. I‘m not sure what you want me to say, or what you‘re looking for, but I really know… knew, very little about the girl. She failed to show for her last two sessions and that is more than enough reason for me to release her.”
“What can you tell me about her boyfriend?”
“As far as I was aware she was unattached. I don’t normally train submissives who are in committed relationships.”
“Why would that be, Mistress?” Jake asked.
Jade held back the sigh and forced her eyes to go cold. It was time to get Jake out of here. “I’m not sure what you want to know, Detective.”
Jake saw that he was about to lose her. “Truly, Mistress, I would like to know. Why don’t you train women who are committed relationships?”
“Submissives, Detective. Not just women. I train male submissives as well. But let me ask you, Detective. Are you in a committed relationship?” Jade held up her hand before Jake could answer.
“No, don’t answer that. Can you imagine your wife, partner or significant other, stripped bare, flogged or whipped by another? Bound, cuffed and gagged with a ball cock while being stared at as she or he is being spanked by another man or in my case, woman? Or strapped to a bench and fucked in the ass by a woman wearing a strap on?”
God, he was a sphinx. Nothing showed in his eyes during her short speech.
“Now, Detective, if you have no further questions, I would like to return to my guests.” Again, she started to rise from her chair.
“Just one last question, please. Why the heavy security and body guard?”
“Mack isn’t my body guard. But he is head of security here at the club. And the reason for the security should be obvious from the cars in the parking lot. We deal with many well known people who value their privacy. Not only because of their life style choices, but because here, they don’t have to worry about being hounded or stared at, or having a hundred cameras shoved in their faces. How do you think they would feel if they knew the police were here asking questions about a submissive who had been murdered? And that detective, is more explanation then I‘ve given anyone for a very… long… time.” Jade said through gritted teeth. She needed to turn this line of questioning around and away from her club.
“You have a very Dominate persona, Detective. Have you been in the lifestyle before? Or considered becoming a Dominate? I think you could do very well. If your interested, I could arrange for a submissive and start training you.
Jake thought of Diana. Would she be his submissive if he took this woman up on her offer? Shaking his head, Jake rose from his seat, reached into his inner coat pocket and withdrew a couple of his business cards.
“If you think of anything that can help us, please give me a call“. And with a courtly bow, he thanked her and headed for the door. Before he opened it, he stopped and partially turned back to her.
“Sorry, but one final question if you don’t mind.”
Jade inclined her head giving him permission.
“Can you really use that bullwhip with any amount of precision?”
Jade stood up and came around the desk.
“It’s a single tail, actually. And with as much precision as the guns at your back and ankle Detective. Would you like a demonstration?”
Jake didn’t reply, but he didn’t move either. So Jade backed away while fingering the leather thong to let Big B loose. The single tail handle fell easily into her palm and she closed her fingers around it, rotating her wrist and twirling the handle of the whip in small circles to straighten the tail body of the whip.
“Turn this way a little detective and don’t move.” She uncoiled the leather and with the slightest underhanded flick of her wrist, the single tail snapped forward with a crack, then settled to lie docile on the carpet between them. Jake had felt the slightest tug of his shirt when the whip cracked and looked down to see the middle button on his shirt was no longer there.
Damn… “Mistress, I think you owe me a new shirt.” Jake said when he could breathe again. Then smiling, he turned to go.
Mack was right there on the other side of the door and almost knocked Jake back when Jake ran into him as he opened the door. Mack stepped aside to allow Jake to move past him, down the flight of stairs and then closed the door behind them.
“Detective, let me show you the way out.”
Chapter 8
Once the door was closed, Jade sank back into her chair and laid her head on top of the desk and started to shake. After a moment she got out of her chair and tried her deep breathing exercise to calm herself. She bent at the waist until her palms were flat on the floor, then up, hands over her head, side to side stretches and back down and up again. It didn’t help.
Damn! What had she been thinking with that trick? She loved showing her skills with the whip, but what had she been thinking?
And damn Jaz! What had that little bitch been up to, she asked herself. Jade had been in the business to long to not know when a trainee was trouble. And right from the get go, Jaz had been trouble. But she had tried as a favor to Dom J to teach the girl. And now, look where it had gotten her. In the ten years the “Play Pen” had been opened, they had never had trouble once. Crap! She would have to call J and let him know what had happened. Too bad she didn’t know what had happened. But she could guess. She’d heard about it so many times in the past. Newbie and wannabes wanting to play. Hooking up with some nut on the inter-net, then meeting without back up. Head home to play and either end up with the crap beaten out of them, raped or dead. Like Jaz most likely. She’d heard it over and over from submissives. It had almost happened to her once after her Training Master had been killed.
And Jake. She didn’t think he’d recognized her. And he hadn’t shown any disgust when she had given her short but sweet stock answer about BDSM. His young partner though, that was a different story. Professionally, Diane could see the potential for a great submissive play partner for one of her Mistress’s in training. Cute kid with a killer bod, but still just a kid. Jake would have his hands full with that one.
Jade heard the soft chime and knew that Mack had opened the lower level door to the outside. Within seconds, the door from the stairs opened and Mack came in. Her eyes met his and Jade gave a sad smile.
“Poor kid” was all Jade could get out.
Mack had something a lot stronger to say about it and did. It was the first time Jade saw the full potential for rage in him.
“I have to call J and let him know what happened. And I have to get down to the party before our host misses me.”
“Our host and his sub are in room three so they won‘t miss you for a while, yet. And as much as I hate to tell you, Master J was downstairs. The party’s breaking up, but do you want me to try find him and bring him up so you can talk in private?”
“Yes, thank you Mack. And Mack, would you make sure everyone gets their bonus before they leave, please? I left $20,000 cash in the safe. Would you see it gets divided properly among those who worked tonight?”
“Geez Jade, you can’t leave that much cash in the safe. It’s not safe.”
Jade walked up to stand in front of Mack. She place one small hand on his cheek and one on his shoulder. “Mack, with you protecting the place, I have no worries.”
Before she could say anything else, Mack turned around and headed for the door to find Master J for her.
It was almost three A.M before Diana got home and was able to crawl into bed. Mack had been able to find Master J and Jade broke the news to him in her office. She’d never been able to read J well, so she still was unsure how he took the news. She had given him Jake’s card and suggested J give him a call. She didn’t think he would, but she could be wrong.

* * *

Diana over slept Sunday morning and seriously considered skipping church. But she needed the calming presence she felt when she was there. No matter what her problems of the week, church soothed her.
After church, she drove he little VW bug to the restaurant to meet Jake. She had taken a little extra time this morning to make sure she looked her best. She had considered not wearing the torture device of the bra she usually wore, but decided she needed it today. She didn’t want to be too overt. After all, she’d seen Jake's eyes when he’d looked at her, Mistress Jades cleavage at the club last night. He was a breast man, she would bet her next months receipts on it. When she parked the car she spied Jake standing by the entrance of the small restaurant they were having lunch at. God, he looked good. Today he wore jeans that hugged every inch of his lower body and her eyes dropped to his package. Oh my… what a sight he was. Several women walked up and he opened the door for them. Every last woman was unable to take her eyes off him. And even the oldest in the group, the grandmother she’d bet, blushed when he nodded his head at them.
She had to give it to him, though. He didn’t give any of the woman a second glance. She got out of the car, straightened her little button down sundress, grabbed the short sweater she’d brought and started towards him. She watched him until she knew he had seen her. The most beautiful smile spread over his lips and she ached to run her fingers over his mustache. He strode towards her and before she could get the words “good morning” out of her mouth, his lips crashed down on hers, thrusting his tongue deep, his mustache tickling her nose and she felt his hands grab a handful of hair she put in a simple braided ponytail. Her hands went around his neck and she sunk her fingers into his soft hair at his nape. Her tongue dueled with his until the both came up gasping for air.
“Wow! That was some hello kiss, Jake!” Diana could barely find her voice.
“I missed you.” Jake shrugged.
“Well if that is what I get for you not seeing me for two days, what would happen if I took a weeks vacation?” she asked coyly.
“I can tell you what you’d get, but I don’t want you blushing with all the people watching us.” he grinned down at her and as she looked around his shoulder, the women he’d open the door for were all pressed up against the window watching them and clapping.
Oh God, what was this man doing to her. She leaned her head against his chest and groaned. Jake just laughed and grabbed her hand, dragging her into the restaurant. “Come on woman, I’m hungry! I‘ve heard this place has the best brunches in town.”
They had just finished placing their order when something behind Diana seemed to catch Jake's attention. Diana started to turn in the seat to see what he was looking at and bumped into a big belly.
“Lady Di! Thick arms picked her up and pulled her into a bear hug. All the air left her lungs and she tried to throw her arms around the man, but they were trapped down at her side by his arms around her. A resounding smack landed on her cheek and she was gently put back on her feet. Jake rose from his chair not knowing what was going on.
“Pauly! Long time no see! How are you? And how is Gina?”
“Pauly” moved a step aside and a small woman who looked to Jake to be about 12 months pregnant came around him and hugged Diana.
“Good to see you again, Diana. So, you finally decided to grace us with your presence for brunch, eh?” She asked with a slight accent.
“Gee, has it been that long since I was here last? I’m here with a friend.” Diana turned and held out her hand and grabbed Jake’s. “Jake, I want you to meet Pauly and Gina. They own this beautiful piece of heaven you’ve brought me to.”
Pauly looked Jake over and extended his hand. Jake placed his hand in Pauly’s and felt Pauly squeeze. Hard. Jake’s eyes shot to Pauly’s and returned the pressure as hard as he could. Pauly suddenly loosened his grip and leaned towards Jake.
“You be gentle with my girl here. Ya hear me Pisano.”
“I hear you. And nice to meet you Pauly. Gina, it’s a pleasure to meet you.” Jake took her small hand in his and leaned over to kiss it.
“Oh, my… Be still my heart! What a gentleman you’ve found Di. And good looking too.” Gina laughed as she heard Pauly growl. “Not as good looking as my Pauly here, but he’ll do for you.” she said as she lovingly patted Pauly’s chest.
After a couple of minutes chatting the couple returned to the back of the restaurant. Jake pulled out Diana’s chair and helped her sit.
“Gina was right. You really are a gentleman, Jake.”
“How do you know Pauly and Gina?” he asked.
“We met about ten years ago when Pauly was just starting out. He helped me out of a jam when a caterer I hired for a function at the club just disappeared. Pauly stepped in and catered the entire event for about a hundred people with less than twenty four hour notice. The food was wonderful and I have been singing his praises since. The restaurant has done very well for them. He and Gina have been married for about fifteen years and this is their first child. They are over the moon with excitement.”
Before Jake could ask another question, another couple stopped by their table to say hello to Diana. She introduced him and after several minutes talking, the couple left.
“Sorry about that. This time of the year after the snowbirds and rain-birds leave, it’s really like a small town. When you’ve been here as long as I have, you tend to see people you know everywhere.”
Lunch came and with it, several other couples all stopping to say hello to Diana. Jake was impressed that she seemed to be so well liked. Several of the couples told Jake stories of how she had helped them or their families out when they needed help. Everyone told him what a lucky man he was to have her. He was beginning to have no doubt.
When Jake signaled for the check, the young waitress explained that it had been taken care of. Diana excused herself to quickly find and thank Pauly and Gina for the meal. From the window of the kitchen, Pauly yelled at Jake.
“You take care of my girl now, Jake. Cuz if you don’t, I know people, who know people! Capeche?”
Jake laughed, gave Pauly a thumbs up and threw a generous tip on the table.
He slipped his hand in Diana’s as they left the restaurant.
“As much as I like seeing you interact with all those people, where can we go where we can be alone. I want you to myself for a while.”
Diana was torn. She wanted to be with Jake, but didn’t know if it was too soon. Vanilla relationship were out of her realm. So she decided she was going to give up control for today. She was going to let him take the lead.
“Where do you want to go Jake?”
“Where I want to go and what I want to do are sort of out of the question for a first date. Is there a park we can go to? Walk around for a bit?” he asked.
Diana thought for a moment and an idea struck.
“Do you want to drive or would you like to follow me?”
“I’ll drive. You navigate.”
Ten minutes later they pulled into the Civic Park. Diana wondered how she would get down from Jake's “lifted” truck since Jake had lifted her into it. But Jake came around and as gently as he had put her into the truck lowered her to the ground. He didn’t let go of her when both feet were firmly planted on the asphalt, but pulled her closer and bent his head to kiss her. She wrapped her arms around his neck and returned the kiss, adding a little flavor when she nipped his lips and licked his mustache.
“Damn woman, can you feel what you do to me?,” he pulled her tight against his groin and she could feel the hard ridge of his erection against her abdomen.
“Oh my, yes, I do think I can feel what I do to you. Impressive too, I might add.” she said and then, much to her amazement she blushed.
Jake's deep booming laugh had her joining in.
“I can’t wait to see if you blush all over.” he murmured in her ear before nipping the lobe then soothing it with his tongue. He captured the moan from her lips before it escaped. “You are so responsive, sweetheart. I want to hear you moan like that when I take you the first time. Will you moan for me, baby?”
“Yes Jake, I’ll moan for you. But be careful what you ask for. I may do more than moan.” she leaned back so she could see his eyes and winked. Actually, Diana wasn’t a screamer or moaner. She tended to turn inward to enhance the feelings. But she couldn’t very well tell Jake that.
The groan from Jake as he bent his head and buried his head against her neck nipping lightly sent shivers throughout her body.
Jake reached over the side of the bed of the truck and grabbed the basket he’d put there earlier. They walked hand in hand around the park, past the ball fields and public pool, the basket swinging from his free hand until the found a place near the little pond in the center of the park. He opened the basket and pulled out a tartan blanket he spread it out on the grass, then a pillow. He then dropped down to his knees offering his hand. She took it and knelt beside him. He laid on his back, hands back behind his head and she laid on her side next to him, her head on his shoulder, her hand resting comfortably on his chest. She tapped her fingers a few times and lifted her head so she could see into his eyes.
“No vest today, Detective?”
“Nope, no vest. Just little old me.” and he pulled one hand from behind his head so he could lay it over hers where it rested on his chest.
They lay quietly listening to the sounds around them until Diana felt her eyes grow heavy. Because of what happened last night, she really hadn’t gotten much sleep. “I’ll just close my eyes for a minute” she thought. Just a minute.
Jake knew the second she fell asleep. Her breathing slow and regular, her breasts pushed against his side. His slowly moved his arm around her and picked up the end of the braid that had a band around it. He fiddled with the free strands below the band, until he couldn’t resist. He pulled the band from her hair. Slowly, so as not to wake her, he undid the braid, running his fingers through the thick tresses, pulling it around her until it lay like a silver water fall over her side. He took a small strand and teased her nose. She batted at the offending tickle, before laying her hand on his chest over his beating heart. She nestled closer, throwing one leg over his crossed ones. Man, she felt good against him. Warm, soft and curved in all the right places. He continued playing with her hair until he felt her hand begin to move. Fingers moved between the buttons of his shirt. Sliding deeper until they reached one of his nipples. Her index finger resting on the rising bud, as her hips pushed against his hips. The leg over his, bending and nudging his growing erection.
His head came up and his eyes went to her face. Those jade green eyes smiling into his, she wiggled her eyebrows a la Groucho Marks.
“Why you…” he growled and rolled over pinning her beneath him. She laughed and tried to wrap her arms around his neck, but he grabbed her by her wrists and held them high above her head. His body settled deeply into the V of her thighs and suddenly she stopped fighting. Her breath caught in her chest and liquid heat ran from her body. Her nipples hardened and even though the special bra, she knew Jake could feel them poking into his chest. Jake stopped, wondering if he had gone too far. But when he looked at the fire in the beautiful jade green eyes, he knew what she wanted.
He leaned forward and gently kissed her lips.
“This is a pretty public park and I don’t want to scar any of these little ones running around. But, if we go to my place, I might not let you go until I get my fill of you. Can you call off tomorrow? We can play hooky.”
“Yes.” Nothing else, just yes.
Jake stood and gathered up the blanket and pillow, grabbed her hand a started back to his truck.
“Can we stop by my car, Jake? I have a bag there I need to get.”
Jake helped her into his truck then headed back to the parking lot where her car was. She was out of his truck so fast, he didn’t have time to turn off the key and come around to help her. She opened her trunk and grabbed a gym bag and was back before he knew it. She jump up on the running board and threw her bag on the floor before scooting over to sit next to Jake. He reached around, grabbed the seat belt and buckled her in. She laid her small hand on his thigh and felt the muscles tense. When she started to pull her hand away, he curled his big hand over it and brought her palm to his lips for a kiss, then put it back on his thigh.
Chapter 9
They made the twenty minute drive to Jake's house and Diana fell in love with it the moment she saw it. Built into the side of a hill, the house looked to be part of it’s environment. The desert landscaped yard wrapped around the front and one side. The other side had a garage that, from the size and depth, was to house a motor home of some size. Jake pulled into the drive and stopped in front of the garage and came around to help Diana down from the truck. When Jake opened the front door, Diana saw that the room was done in desert tones. Big furniture created a living room whose central focus was the biggest television Diana had ever seen. The house was anything but spotless, but it wasn’t exactly a pig pen either. It was a man’s house.
“Sorry,” Jake said, picking up a tee shirt and a towel before looking around for a place to hide them. “I didn’t realize what a mess this place was.”
“Jake,” Diana laughed. “Stop.”
Jake stopped and before he could think, she launched herself into his arms and wrapped her legs around his waist. He reeled back a step before gaining his balance and wrapping his arms around her and cupping her ass to keep her from sliding down his legs. She tilted her head and pressed her mouth against his, pushing her tongue between his lips. When Jake finally pulled away he told her ‘We’ll take a tour later. Right now I need to get you out of that dress and into bed, sweetheart.”
Diana giggled and felt like a girl again. Jake was magnificent in his maleness. She knew she wasn’t exactly a light weight, but he carried her effortlessly down the hall and into his bedroom. He put one knee on the unmade bed, easing her as gently as he could onto the mattress. He came down on top of her. She surprised him and with a quickness of a move worthy of a pro wrestler, she rolled over, flipping him to his back. She grabbed his shirt on each side and pulled as hard as she could. Buttons flew around the room and his shirt came open. Now, she thought, she owed him two shirts. She pulled back and looked at his impressive chest. Dark hair, with a sprinkle of gray covered his chest and arrowed down to his abdomen. His nipples were large and tightened into little nubs with excitement. She knew how they felt. Hers were doing the same. She leaned over and flicked her tongue across one, then opened her mouth to close it and suck strongly causing the nipple to harden more. Jake didn’t know which way to go or what to do, she had his mind in such a whirl with her passion. So he did what he did best. He took control. He flipped her onto her back straddled her hips and did what she had. He grabbed both sides of her little sundress and pulled it apart. Buttons flew every which way and they both started laughing.
When Jake could finally control himself, he looked down and wondered at what he was seeing. He’d been with his share of women, but he had never seen a bra like she wore. His eyes met hers and she read the question in the them.
“I learned long ago, that when I wear a regular bra, men have a habit of thinking my IQ is no bigger than my bra size. In order to have men look me in the eye and not at my chest when they talk to me, I resort to this.” her eyes lowered to the bra she wore, then back up at Jake. “It might not be pretty, but it is a necessary evil.”
“Sweetheart, I know you’re more than your breast size. You are an intelligent, warm, caring woman, and I want to know every thought in that beautiful mind of yours. Not to mention, ever inch of your luscious body.”
He wanted to lighten the mood and remove any doubt from her eyes. Jake almost felt sorry for her. He knew how man were, how they could be. But he wanted to assure her that he was different. He leaned forward and kissed her through the material. When he felt her nipple harden, he flicked his tongue over it, then bent to suckle it. He felt her back bow to try to push deeper into his mouth. Slowly, with more patience than he knew he had, he started to undo the front fastening of the horrible garment. When he unfastened the final hook the bra split catching on her nipples. Geez, her breast were big, but so were his hands. He pushed the material away and covered her with his palms.
He moved back and let his eyes roam over her body and was in awe of what a beautiful woman she was. She was shaped like an hour glass. Upper body dipped into a small waist before rolling out to hips that would make a dead mans cock twitch. The little scrap of material covering her core made his mouth water. He was reminded of Mistress Jade from last night. He climbed off her and stood at the side of the bed.
“Stand up, sweetheart. We need to get you naked.” He held out his hand to her and she took it almost shyly. He pulled her up until she was standing in front of him. He brushed the material from her shoulders and the sundress fell in a heap on the floor. Next came that God awful bra. It too slipped down her shoulders and landed in a heap. She was left standing in nothing but the triangle of silk covering her womanhood.
They stood chest to chest until Diana finally looked up into his eyes. Her hands started to come up to cover herself and Jake just shook his head.
“Don’t cover yourself sweetheart. You’re beautiful and I just want to look at you.” Then Jake got what he wanted. “You do blush all over. God sweets, you are magnificent.” And he leaned down and kissed her gently on her lips. “Take your hair all the way down for me baby. I‘ll be right back.”
Jake walked into the bathroom and Diana could hear him opening and closing drawers as she pulled the band holding her hair in the pony tail out. Since Jake had undone the braid earlier, it only took her a moment to work the band out. She shook her head and felt the hair against her naked back. When Jake returned he moved her so he could stand between her and the bed, her back to him. Slowly, with such gentleness he starting brushing her hair. Starting from the bottom and working his way up to make sure he got any knots out before laying the brush against her scalp and running it all the way down to the ends which ended just above her waist. Again and again he brushed her from top to bottom. Diana moaned and felt her insides start to melt and her legs start to tremble. Oh my, she was going to come if he kept this up much longer.
“Easy now…” Jake soothed. “We need to slow down or it will be over before it starts.”
“Jake” Diana barely got the word out, before he spun her around and laid her on the bed. Her knees hit the edge, leaving her legs dangling down. It was then he noticed the tattoo, high on her right hip. He wanted to ask about it, but later. Much later.
She watched as Jake let the ruined shirt slide from his shoulders. She continued to watch as he undid the button fly jeans and pushed them down over his slim hips and stepped out of them. She watched as he pushed the briefs down and stepped out of them. And she watched as he knelt between her legs, spreading them and placing her feet over his shoulders opening her wide for his pleasure. She watched and felt his hot breath and mustache tickle the inside of her thigh. She watched as he gripped the strings of the thong she wore and pulled until they ripped and fell away. She even watched when he stared at her hairless mound and labia. She saw his smile as his eyes met hers and he shook his head in wonder.
“Just when I think I can’t be surprised by anything, you manage to knock me for a loop.“
She closed her eyes when she felt his mustache right before his lips closed over her clit and alternated sucking and nipping with his teeth. She saw stars when his finger joined his mouth and felt the juices running from her body. She saw nothing but fireworks and groaned when she came.
When she came back to her body, Jake was beside her propped on his elbow with a smile on his face as he look into her eyes and his fingers idly played with her nipples. His larger than average cock was rock hard and pressed into her hip. Oh my, what had this man done to her. She actually think she fainted there for a moment the pleasure was so great.
“Move to the middle of the bed, baby. Lie on your back for me. Good. Now, look at me, because I need to ask you a question. Diana, how long has it been since you were with a man? I know you told me it has been a while and I need to know how careful I have to be. I‘m not exactly small and I don‘t want to hurt you.”
She didn’t even think about looking away from his eyes. “Over ten years, Jake.”
“Geez, why? Are the men you know stupid? I mean you’re beautiful and giving and fucking sexy, if you’ll pardon my French.”
“Can we talk about this later Jake? I just really want you inside me right now. I feel empty and need you to fill me. Help me feel alive again Jake.”
God, how could he deny her when she put it like that. He reached over her and opened the bedside table drawer. Inside was the a box of condoms he’d bought yesterday. He pulled one out of the box and ripped it open. He slowly rolled it down over his cock then positioned himself between her spread thighs.
“I really want to take this slow, babe, but I’m afraid my limit has been reached.”
He positioned himself at the wet entrance of her body, and pushed in gently all the while watching her eyes. Just the head of his cock was inside her, but he could feel how tight she was. He leaned forward, grabbing both of her wrists and pushing them up to his head board.
“Grab on babe and don’t let go until I tell you.” He kissed her forehead, the tip of her nose and when his tongue slipped into her mouth, his cock slipped it to her warm, tight passage. His mouth moved lower, took first one nipple then the other into his mouth. Alternating sucking and biting.
She inhaled and held her breath. It had been thirty years since she’d found sub-space. Could she hope to find it again with Jake? Turning inward, eyes glazed she felt herself sliding into the first stages of sub-space. She felt the wonder of his body in hers. She couldn‘t breathe. Diana gave a little squeak as she felt herself stretch to take him. He was so big. He rocked his hips, sliding in a little deeper, then rocking again until she felt him hit the base of her cervix.
“Ah, there… oh, that feels so good, Jake.”
As her hands released his headboard and started to come down to his shoulders, he stopped. Her eyes started to focus and met his as he braced himself above her.
“Put your hands back on the head board and don’t move. If you move, I’ll stop.”
“Turd,” she hissed at him and he laughed even as she complied.
“That’s it babe. Now hold on. He reached back and grabbed her legs as he sat back on his haunches. In this position, with her spread wide and her lower body lifted, he could see where he penetrated her. He lifted her so her ankles were over his shoulder and spread wide so he could watch as his cock slowly slid in and out of her pussy.
“Can you see this baby? How my cock loves fucking you? How much it wants to be buried deep inside you. How much it wants to come in you. Can you feel it?”
When she couldn’t take it anymore she begged him. “Please Jake. I want to feel you come inside me. I want to come with you.”
He lowered her legs and positioned himself. He started slow. Deep long strokes until he lost control and started slamming against her, and each time he felt himself hit the base of her cervix she gave a little squeak. She seemed to be holding her breath and he just kept slamming into her until he felt his balls start to pull up. “I’m going to come for you babe. Come with me, Diana. Come with me.”
He felt her inner walls tighten and convulsed around his cock. One last thrust and he held it, buried as deep as he could go as he watched her eyes, open, unfocused, then drift shut as he jerked and spasmed inside her.
It took a few moments for Jake to leverage himself up off her. She loved his weight pushing her deeply into the mattress. He wrapped both hands around her and still buried deep inside her, rolled onto his back, taking her with him. Her legs slipped to either side of his and he shifted his cock to ease deeper into her. God, she felt good. Her head was resting on his chest and her beautiful silver hair flowed down her back, over her shoulders, onto his arms and stomach where it tangled with his own matt of dark hair. The contrast was amazing. He felt himself start to harden again. What had this woman done to him. He wasn’t some randy, hormonal, teenager. It had been a long time since he had yet to leave a woman’s body only to get hard again. Jake looked down at the top of her head and grabbed her shoulders to ease her up so she straddled his hips.
Diana let Jake ease her up until she was straddling his hips, still holding him snuggly inside. She squirmed and he reached down and smacked her bottom. She squeaked and jolted. She hadn’t been spanked since her training as a Mistress started. It had never been anything she particularly enjoyed, but when Jake smoothed his hand over the butt cheek he’d just spanked a shot of heat went through her.
“Turn around is fair play Mister” Diana said as she leaned forward and took his wrists and leaning forward, her breasts dangling dangerously close to his lips. She placed his hands against the headboard as he had done with hers.
“Keep them there until I tell you,” she echoed his words.
Jake grabbed the headboard and snaked his tongue out to flick it over her nipple. He raised his head to try to take it in his mouth, but Diana rocked back, bearing down so that the length of his cock was buried to the hilt. She reached around and started playing with his balls rocking gently back and forth. Jake grunted and bucked and Diana went still.
“Don’t move, or I’ll stop.” she again repeated his instructions.
As a Mistress, she had never allowed a male submissive to have sex with her. Some Mistresses might allow it, but Mistress Jade felt that it gave the submissives the wrong idea. So this was uncharted territory for her. Not that Jake was her submissive, but in this position, her Dominance came to the fore. When Jake was still again, Diana braced both hands on his chest, tweaking his nipples and brought her feet up underneath her until she was squatting over Jake. Then using her leg muscles, toned by thousands of hours of yoga, started to rise until just the head of his cock was still inside her. Slowly she lowered herself, driving his cock deep inside her.
Up and down she continued until Jake’d had enough and grabbing her hips, rolled over, pinning her underneath him and driving into her until he heard her breath catch and felt her inner walls squeezing. One last thrust and he felt her muscles spasm, milking the come from his cock. When he rolled off her a moment later, he didn’t think he would move for a month. But move he did. He got off the bed and Diana watched as he walked into the bathroom and she could hear him disposing of the condom. She heard water running and soon he was back. He laid the warm wash cloth against her mound and gently cleaned between her womanly folds. He got up and rinsed the cloth before easing back onto the bed.
Both Diana and Jake lay on their backs trying to slow their breathing. Jake felt along the bed until he found her hand and entwined his fingers with hers. Diana rolled over, rested her head on his chest, her small hand over his heart. They didn’t wake for several hours.
Chapter 10
Slowly, Diana awoke. She slowly stretched and felt the ache in various parts of her body. She opened her eyes and was looking directly into Jake's dark eyes. Oh, now she remembered why she was sore. He was on his side, head propped on his left hand, while his right played with her breasts. Both her nipples were hard and very sensitive. She smiled and put her hand over his where it played with her nipple.
“Sore?” he asked the look of concern showing on his face.
“A little. I’m not as young as I used to be, I guess.” Diana laughingly replied
“Me too, actually. You’re so tight, my cock is almost rubbed raw. But I wouldn’t change anything we did today. I know we just met, but I can’t think of anyone I’ve felt this attracted to in a very long time. If ever. Are you sorry?” he asked.
Diana blushed at his honesty.
“You‘re very frank aren‘t you Jake?” Diana saw the hint of color run up his neck and settle in his cheeks and had to smile.
“Then let me be as frank with you and you are with me. No, I’m not sorry Jake. I could be all coy and embarrassed, but what would be the use? It would just be a waste of time. We‘re both consenting adults and we aren‘t hurting anyone. And if I thought it wouldn’t cripple us both, I would take up where we left off. But alas, we old farts need a little time to recoup.” She smiled sadly. Jake threw back his head and laughed.
His hand had moved from her breast to the top of her hip. “Tell me about this,” he asked, his finger outlining her tattoo. He remembered that Mistress Jade had a tattoo almost in the exact same spot. It wasn’t uncommon as he knew full well. When booking criminals, all tattoos, birthmarks and scars were cataloged. Lots of women had tattoos, many in and around that general area.
Oh crap. Had he noticed the tattoo on Saturday? Diana didn‘t think so. She was pretty sure the bustier covered it, but she would have to be doubly careful from now on. Put a large band aid or makeup on it when at the club.
“That, my dear man, is my mid-life crisis.” she said.
“Explain, please?”
“Hmmm, so polite, Detective.” Jake swatted her lightly on her butt.
“Ouch! Okay, when I hit forty, I was at a cross road. I’ve always said, I didn‘t care for my twenties, my thirties were better than the twenties, but I was really afraid of my forties. Didn‘t you feel the same way about some age milestone?” Diana didn’t really like talking about herself and tried to turn the conversation back to Jake.
Jake didn’t say a word. Just watched her and waited. When he thought back to the night they met and even at the restaurant this morning, Diana had told him very little about herself. She had kept turning the conversation back to him. He’d learned more from her friends who kept stopping by their table when they‘d gone to lunch. This time he wasn’t going to let her get away with it.
“Go on Diana. Tell me.”
“I don’t know. I was scared. My biological clock was ticking. I never really was all that maternal, but I knew if I didn’t get going, I was never going to have children. Or a husband. I was torn. Should I just have a baby and raise it by myself? Should I get married just to have a child then divorce if it didn’t work out? That wasn’t an option. Looking back now, I consider myself fortunate that I didn’t do any of those. Basically, I think I am very selfish. I like not depending on anyone or having anyone depend on me. One day I walked into a tattoo place with an idea of what I wanted. A yin-yang symbol. On one side is the dove. The “peaceful” side of me. And the other side are the flames. The “turmoil” that I try to not let take over my life. The sleeping or resting dragon around it came later when I finally found my center.” She was silent for a moment, but so was Jake.
“I was very lucky.” she continued. “My parents never pushed me. Never asked when I was going to get married. Or when I was going to give them grandbabies. It wasn’t until later that my father told me he thought I was the smartest of the bunch for not folding to the pressure of society that so many women find themselves under. I miss him. And my mom.”
“Tell me about them.” he pushed gently.
“Oh, now that is not something I think I can do right now. I will blubber like a baby. Suffice to say, I loved them both dearly. They were married fifty-eight years. My father passed from cancer in 2001. I was living in northern California at that time. I quit my job, packed my belongings and came back to the desert to take care of my mother. Papa did everything for her. She was lost without him. We lived together for five years before I lost her too. When I lost her, I was lost. She was my best friend and had such a beautiful soul.” Diana felt the tears filling her eyes and as they spilled over, Jake gently leaned in and kissed them as they fell. He wrapped her in his arms and felt the sobs wracking her body. His poor, beautiful strong, silver haired angel felt deeply and gave up her life to help those she loved.
Pushing out of Jake's embrace, Diana looked up at him. “Well, just what you wanted. Some woman crying all over you.” she tried to joke.
Not just some woman. His woman.
She was shutting down on him. As much as he wanted to push and ask more, he figured he had time. He wasn’t going to let her go anytime soon.
Just then, Diana’s stomach growled. Jake chuckled.
“Hungry?”
“Starved! What do you have in your kitchen for me to gnaw on?”
Again, Jake chuckled. “Good questions. Let’s go see.” and grabbing her by the hand dragged her from the bed. He looked around only to find her sun dress ruined and laying in a heap next to his shirt. He opened a couple of drawers in his dresser and pulled out a t-shirt, pulling it over her head and down until it fell mid thigh. “Perfect”
“I need to use your restroom and I’ll meet you in the kitchen, okay?” Diana asked. After her little crying jag, she needed to wash her face and she really did have to pee. And she knew her hair must be one big knot.
“Affirmative. Just don’t take too long.”
By the time Diana had finished brushing her hair and washing her face, she worked her way back to where she thought she remembered the kitchen. She’d spotted it earlier as Jake carried her to the bedroom. She didn’t want to pry, but stuck her head in any open door to see where Jake lived. When she got to the kitchen, Jake had his head and shoulders buried in the refrigerator. She couldn’t resist. She spanked him. His head came up and banged the top of the inside of the fridge. When he pulled out, he was rubbing the top of his head and Diana’s eyes were wide, her hand covering her open mouth.
“Oh my goodness, Jake! I am so sorry!” She couldn’t keep the giggle from slipping out. “I really didn’t mean for that too happen. Are you hurt? Here let me see.” she came closer and he grabbed her. It didn’t really hurt, but he was going to play it up.
“I think I have a concussion” he groaned and put the back of his hand against his forehead reminding Diana of something Scarlett O’Hara would do. “What do they say about concussions? You can’t leave the person alone in case it gets worse ? And you have to kiss them every twenty minutes?”
Diana squirmed in his arms. “You faker! I already agreed to stay with you, so, get on with it man! Feed me!”
“Sorry, darlin’, pretty slim pickings here. I was going to go to the store Saturday after work, but ended up working until late. Did you want to go out and grab a burger?”
Diana thought about Saturday. And then she thought about Jaz.
“Let me see what you have. I might be able to throw something together.” she said as she pushed him out of the way. Or he let her push him.
“Want to tell me about what you have going on? I’m a good listener and don’t tell tales out of school.” she asked not quite looking at him.
Jake leaned against the counter and watched as she pulled eggs, green onions, tomatoes and cheese from the fridge. She then opened the freezer, moved things around again and pulled out a bag with a couple of frozen bagels inside. Next she started opening cabinets and drawers, pulling out utensils and spices as she went. She turned around and her eyes grew wide.
“I’m sorry! I just sort of made myself at home here. Do you mind?”
Actually, he had been thinking how right she looked working in his kitchen, gathering everything she needed.
“Not at all. Please make yourself at home. I like watching you.”
She smiled at him and continued gathering what she could find for a meal. “So tell me what you’re working on. If you can, that is…?”
“It’s been a long time since I had someone to talk to about my work. It isn’t always pretty. Hell, it’s never pretty. Murder, rape. I sometimes wonder why I do it.”
Diana turned and looked into his eyes. She walked over and put her hands on his cheeks and guided his face down to her. She kissed him gently and then hugged him. For such a small thing, she really was strong, Jake thought.
“You do it because you’re a good man Jake Connor.” Then she kissed him again.
Slowly, Jake started to tell her about the case he was working on with one of the younger detectives.
“She was just a baby really, only twenty three. Trussed up and probably scared to death. The son of a bitch played with her for quite a while. According to the ME, he strangled her until she lost consciousness, then brought her around, the strangled her again, several times for probably several hours.” Jake didn’t see the grim expression on Diana’s face. She knew what had happened, she was sure now that Jake had told her more details. Jake continued. “We have the IT lab guys going through her computer, but I’m not sure they’ll find anything.”
Diana had been chopping and dicing tomatoes and green onions and started grating cheese. She continued readying ingredients as she started to heat a pan she had pulled from under the range. While she worked at grating the cheese and without looking at him, she started talking.
“Jake, I know you’ve probably thought of this already, but do you remember a couple of years ago? A fairly famous actor was found naked and hanging in his closet? The authorities concluded that there was no foul play and he had probably died of Auto Erotic Asphyxiation. You remember? ” Jake didn’t speak, so Diana stopped and turned to look at him. “Is it possible, that this young girl was into that?” Diana knew she was. Jaz had asked her about it on numerous occasions.
Jake just looked at her. Then the light dawned and he came towards her, placed a hand on each side of her face and kissed her hard.
“You are a genius, Diana. Give me a couple of minutes will you?” Jake trotted to the bedroom and Diana could hear him rummaging around, mumbling. He must have found what he was looking for because she could hear the phone dialing then Jake talking quickly to whoever answered. Jake walk into the kitchen just as he was finishing the conversation.
“Yeah, get me the number of the club we were at Saturday. I want to call that Mistress Jade and see if she can shed any light on this. If she worked with the girl for any length of time, she might know something.” A pause. “No, I won’t be in tomorrow, but I’ll call her Tuesday when I get in to the office.” Another short pause. “Yeah, we still need to find out who she was with, but I think it might have been more accidental then intentional. I‘ll talk to you Tuesday when I get in. Thanks Mike.” and Jake punched the disconnect button.
Diana had just poured the eggs over the vegetables she had been sautéing when she heard him mention Jade. What should she do. Well, brazen her way though like she usually did, she thought. She walked to the microwave where she had put the bagels to defrost, pulled them out and sliced them, she then put them in the toaster and pushed the handle down.
“Club? Mistress Jade? My eyes are already green, Jake. Do I need to be jealous?” Hoping she pulled it off, it didn’t sound all that joke like to her.
Jake must not have noticed, because he walked up behind her and slipped his arms around her waist as she continued to stir the egg and vegetable mixture. She had braided her hair again so he pushed it aside and kissed the nape of her neck.
“Are you jealous, sweetheart?” he asked with a grin in his voice as his hand moved aside the neck of the tee-shirt he’d loaned her. “Because you have no reason to be. Since I met you, no other woman could possibly interest me.” Diana’s heart started to speed up, her nipples peaked and her head dropped forward to allow better access to his lips.
Just then the toaster popped up. Both jumped then started laughing.
“You’re going to make me burn dinner if you keep that up, Jake.” Diana turned off the heat under the skillet and dumped the grated cheese over the eggs, then put the lid on to allow the cheese to melt. She then squirmed out of Jake's’ arms and started buttering the bagels. Once she had both plates loaded, she placed them on the small dining room table and Jake held out her chair for her to sit.
Jake cut into the egg mixture and forked a bite into his mouth. Diana watched as his eyes closed and he seemed to savor the first taste of her version of a vegetable omelet. When he opened his eyed and looked at her, she couldn’t quite read his expression. He reached for her hand with his free hand and brought it to his lips.
“Beautiful, sexy, great in bed and can cook… Be still my heart”
Chapter 11
After they had cleared the dishes and put them in the dishwasher, Jake grabbed Diana by the hand and gave her a tour of his house. They walked down the long hall and he showed her the second “master suite” and another guest room. He opened the sliding glass door from his master suite onto a covered patio and around the pool to another, smaller building. Inside was a gym with all the latest equipment. No wonder there wasn’t an once of fat on him, Diana thought. He explained that while he didn’t use the gym all that much, he preferred swimming. But on especially tough days, he would hit the heavy bag and work out his frustration with weights. The pool was absolutely beautiful to Diana, who loved to swim. It was the next project for her house. Jake’s was a lap pool, no deeper that 6 feet, but long. At one end was a rock formation water fall which fell from level to level the final level ending in a large Jacuzzi. Diana dipped her toe in and wanted to strip and jump in it felt so wonderful. Around the pool was lawn and Diana could imagine doing her yoga here, feeling the grass between her toes and under her hands and body. No matt required with this green rye grass lawn.
Jake then took her to the garage where, as she suspected, there was a very large, fifth wheel trailer/toy hauler. Jake turned on the garage lights and unlocked the door of the trailer and gave her a tour. Diana loved to camp, but hadn’t done any since she’d left Northern California. But she camped with a tent, sleeping bags and cook stove. This thing was just out right decadent. King bed up front, couches and a full kitchen and dinning area. Big screen TV with a satellite hookup. Bathroom outside the bedroom door, just down the steps from the sleeping area. The back of the toy hauler would also convert to a king bed and had a bathroom. Currently there were two dirt bikes in residence there. When Diana asked where Jake like to go, he looked a little guilty.
“I’ve only taken her out a couple of times. Once to Yosemite and once down to Baja. I figure once I retire, I’ll take off for six months or so and just cruise around the US. There are places I want to see and spend time in. But I don’t want to go by myself.” He looked at her when he said this.
Diana could imagine them together, traveling around the states. That had always been a dream of hers too. She’d looked into buying a tow-able after her mother had passed away. She wanted to take a few months and travel. But like Jake, didn’t want to go alone. Then she’d started the “Pen” and now, didn’t see herself doing it anytime in the near future. She was still young and while she had more money than she would ever need, she liked working. The “Pen” had done well and she had invested wisely.
“You’re still young yet, Jake. When did you plan to retire?” Diana questioned.
“Well, I’ve done pretty well for myself. I retired as a lifer with the Marines so I draw a pension from them. Then I’ve made some good investments and while I don’t have many expenses, I do like my creature comforts. I figure I could retire in another couple of years with a full pension from RCSD. I don‘t want to work until I‘m too old to do the things I missed out on. Like traveling. What about you Diana? What do you want to do?”
Diana’s eyes took on a far away look. “Like you, I want to travel. After my mother passed away, I looked into buying a tow-able. Nothing as grand as this, but I wanted to take off for a few months. Head up to northern California, Oregon, Washington. My mothers’ people are still in Washington. I thought I could reconnect. But then life sort of got in the way. I had been working for a temp agency before mom died. After I sold the house my parents owned and bought my own, they called and placed me in a temp job where I work now. I was offered my current position after a couple of months and have been there ever since. I like my boss and the people I work with. I didn’t make a lot of friends after I moved back to the desert. And those I had before I moved away, I didn’t keep in touch with.” Jake slipped his arm around her shoulder and brought her closer. “Like you, I have been able to save enough that I won‘t have to work until I drop dead at my desk. I figured I would retire at sixty two, but the closer I get, the more I think I want to continue to work.” Well, she didn’t lie. She just didn’t tell him how much she had saved.
“Well, let’s make a deal. We can retire and travel together. See all the things we want to see and I’ll even let you drive occasionally.” That earned him an elbow in the midsection.
“Maybe I’ll take you up on that Mr. Connor.”
After they returned to the house, Diana asked if they had gotten inside with her bag. Jake grabbed his keys and went to the truck to see if it was still there. He was back a moment later with her bag. She thanked him and asked if she could use his back yard for an hour. Jake’s eyebrows rose quizzically, but she didn’t say anything more. Jake decided it would be a good time to swim. He could keep an eye on her and work out his stiffening muscles. Diana went into the bathroom to change and Jake walked out the slider in the master bedroom. He dropped the shorts he had put on when they woke up after making love this afternoon and did a shallow dive and swam underwater the first length of the pool.
When Diana opened the screen door and let herself out, she inhaled at the sight of Jake cleaving though the water. My goodness, she thought. He really was magnificent. She tore her eyes away and walked to the middle of the lawn. She had changed into bright yellow yoga pants and a bright blue spandex top that left her midriff bare. She raised arms above her head, palm to palm and brought them down to her chest. This was the way she started ever session. Slowly, because she was still a little sore from lovemaking, she warmed up and started to feel her muscles stretch and soon her body was flowing from one position to the next. So tuned in and centered, she didn’t realize that Jake had stopped swimming and was watching her.
My God, she was magnificent, he thought.
Only after she finished her final pose, she noticed that Jake was watching her. Slowly, her eyes never leaving his, she crossed her arms and grabbed the bottom of the spandex top. She pulled the top off allowing what was left of the sun light to warm her upper body. She then bent and started removing her yoga pants. When she was completely naked, she walked slowly to where Jake was leaning on the edge of the pool. She walked around until she found the stairs and slowly stepped down. First one step, then the other until her feet were on the bottom of the pool. She leaned back and went under, only to came up, head back, water sluicing from her hair and streaming down breasts.
Jake swam towards her and together, they swam, side by side until Diana was exhausted. She floated around the edges while Jake finished his laps, then they made their way to the end of the pool where a short wall separated the Jacuzzi from the rest of the pool. Jake used the steps and reached down for Diana’s hand, helping her from the pool, then down into the Jacuzzi. Jake leaned out and set the controls and soon the water was roiling around them. Diana found a jet that would hit her mid back and leaned towards another that would hit her shoulder area. Jake shifted her and sat her between his legs and started to massage her shoulders. Before too long, Jake lifted her out of the tub and wrapped a large towel around her before bending and picking up another so he could use. He picked her up and walked to the screen door and into the bathroom. Setting her down, he turned on the water in the walk in shower and adjusted it so all three heads were where he wanted them. When water was the right temperature, he stepped in and held her hand while she entered.
“We need to wash the chlorine off before we start to itch.” he said as he placed her in front of him and let the water wet her hair.
“I had a fantasy about showering with you the other day.” he said close to her ear. He wondered if she was still too sore to make that fantasy come true.
Diana shivered at the thought. “I think we probably had the same fantasy. But tell me yours, Jake.”
“No, I don‘t think so. Let me show you instead.” He positioned her front to his front and let the water hit her before it hit him. He poured a little shampoo into his hands and started massaging it into her hair. Diana usually used a specific shampoo, but didn’t want to do or say anything to spoil the moment. He grabbed the detachable shower head and tilted back her head to allow the water to run over her hair until the water ran clear. He then took conditioner and worked it from scalp to end. He didn’t rinse it out yet. He reached for the soap and started to lather her from shoulder to breasts. Diana didn’t know if her legs would hold her, so she leaned into Jake and he took her weight easily. He lathered her waist, paying special attention to the area around her bellybutton, then lower to her mound.
“You don’t shave, you’re skin is too smooth.” It wasn’t really a question, but Diana explained.
“Electrolysis.”
Jake grunted. “I like it. I like to know that you can feel everything with no hair there. And I can feel everything too. Nothing between my tongue and your skin.”
And saying that, he went down on one knee and placed his mouth at the top of her mound, biting the tender skin before sweeping his tongue down to flick her clit. Diana’s knees buckled and if Jake hadn’t been holding her, she would have sunk to the floor. She felt his fingers parting her folds and gently glide into her.
“Jake, please…” she moaned.
“Please what, Diana? What do you want? Tell me.”
“I want you inside me.”
It was all she needed to say. The words were barely out of her mouth when Jake lifted her and pushed her against one wall of the open shower. Diana wrapped her legs around his waist and reached one hand down to grab his cock. She positioned it at her opening and groaned when Jake thrust deep.
“This was my fantasy, sweetheart. You and me, here in this shower. Me buried inside you. You coming and me coming…” Whether it was talking about or living the fantasy, it didn’t take them long to come. Diana felt her orgasm a second before Jake slammed into her one final time and held deep. She could feel his cock jerking and felt her inner walls milking him. She tightened her inner muscles as she had been taught and Jake groaned and bit her neck.
Slowly, he lowered her until her feet touch the floor and felt himself slide out of her. Before they knew it, they were both laughing.
“I can’t believe we just did that… don’t get me wrong, it was wonderful, but I’m getting too old for this.” Jake had his forehead to Diana’s and was looking into her eyes.
“I was afraid you might drop me there at the end, bucko.”
That sent them off into another fit of laughter. They continued to giggle and laugh like children as Jake finished rinsing Diana’s hair and quickly soaped and rinsed himself. When they stepped out of the shower Diana grabbed a smaller towel and wrapped it around her head, turban like to absorb most of the moisture. Jake then took a larger bath towel and started to dry her body. Taking each arm, then across her chest, lifting her magnificent breast and drying under each, down her torso to the junction of her thighs then kneeling and placing her foot on his knee to dry each leg.
“You would make a wonderful ladies maid Jake. You know exactly what to do and how to do it.” Diana was so tired and relaxed she wondered if she was slurring her words.
Jake stood and grabbed a towel and quickly dried himself. He chuckled thinking about Saturday night.
“Interesting that you should say that. I met a woman the other night who offered to teach me how to be a Dominant. I‘m not sure how dominant she would think I was if she saw me now.” He sensed more than felt Diana tense.
“What? What did I say?”
Diana looked down at him and quickly wondered what to say. He must have seen her flinch, but her mind just didn’t seem to be working fast enough. Well, honesty was the best and when all else fails, fall back and punt as her father used to say.
“What makes you think that a Dominant wouldn’t pamper his submissive the way you just did me, Jake? Do you think it makes you less of a man because you are gentle and kind?”
Not sure how to answer her, he just looked at her. Change the subject, she thought.
“Do you have a blow dryer? It will take all night for my hair to dry if I don’t use one.”
“Sure”, he said and opened the closet and pulled out the dryer.
“Thank you,” she raised up and kissed him on the mouth. God, she hoped she hadn’t ruined the night.
Chapter 12
After Diana had dried and braided her hair, she left the bedroom to find Jake already in bed sitting up against the headboard, reading. She walked around and climbed in next to him, and he put the book on the night stand and scooted down to take her in his arms. She went willingly, placing her hand on his chest over his heart and her head on his shoulder. One leg she placed over his, marveling that it only went as far down as his knee.
“I can’t tell you how much I’ve enjoyed today. We’re going to spend tomorrow together too, right?” The uncertainty in Jake's eyes was endearing.
“Yes, I already call in and left a message to let my boss know I won’t be in, but it shouldn’t be a problem. I’ve never call off before.”
“Never?” When Diana shook her head, Jake chuckled. “I must be a bad influence then. If the weather is nice, how about we jump on the bike and head to Oak Glen? And even if the weather isn‘t nice, we can still go up there.”
“That sounds wonderful. I haven’t been up there for a long time. Can I pick up some marmalade while we’re there? Can we bring it back?” She wanted to make Ginger Marmalade bread. She’d tried it several years ago and it had been wonderful
“Sure, the bike has saddle bags, so unless your buying something really big, we should be able to handle it.”
They talked for a while and before too long, Diana couldn’t stifle the yawns anymore. Just before she drifted off to sleep, she felt Jake stiffen.
“Diana, I just realized something.” Jake said quietly.
“Hmmm?“ Diana waited for him to continue.
“We didn’t use protection in the shower. Is that going to be a problem?”
Diana smiled at his concern. “I told you Jake, I haven’t been with anyone for a long time. I’ve had tests and no chance of STDs from me. And I’m way past my child baring years, so no… no problem on my end.” But Diana couldn’t help but feel a little sad. She’d like a baby with Jake. His dark good looks. Her green eyes. They would have made a beautiful baby.
“You don’t have to worry about me either. We have to get tested yearly for the department. And I would never put you in danger that way.” But his hand came to rest on her tummy just below her belly button. “But I have to admit, I wouldn’t have minded giving you a baby. Even if we are too old.” he said and chuckled.
Diana fell asleep and for the first time in many years, dreamt.

* * *

It was the slamming of the front door that woke Diana. She stiffened and felt Jake tighten his grip around her waist. She looked over at the clock and couldn’t believe how late it was. She heard something hit the kitchen counter and then heard footsteps coming down the tiled hallway.
“Dad? I saw your car in the drive and wondered why your home today. Is everything okay? Are you sick? Hope your decent Dad, cuz I’m coming in.”
The voice was female and Diana groaned at the thought of having Jake’s daughter catch her in bed with her father. Just as the door opened, Diana squeaked and quickly pulled the covers over her head and tried to scramble further down the bed.
She could feel Jake shaking, trying to keep his laughter in check. She pinched his hand where it lay on her hip.
“Ouch! Damn Di, that hurt. And yes, Lizzie, I’m fine. Just taking a day off.”
“Dad! Do you have a woman in bed with you? OMG! What the hey! Who is it? Do I know her? How long have you been seeing her?” Lizzie’s questions were like the staccato beat of a machine gun. One coming on top of the other and not allowing Jake to answer. Jake held up his hand to stop the flow of questions.
“Lizzie, stop. Yes, there is a woman in bed with me. Her name is Diana, and I don’t think you know her.” He left the last question unanswered.
“Diana, this is my youngest, Elizabeth. Lizzie for short. Lizzie, this is Diana.” Diana pulled the cover down so only her green eyes could be seen and lifted her hand out and gave a little finger wave to Lizzie.
“Hi, nice to meet you, Lizzie.”
Jake had to chuckle. Poor Diana. She would never forgive him for this.
Jake growled and cleared his throat. “Now, Lizzie, if you will back out of the room and shut the door, we can get out of bed. We’ll meet you in the kitchen in a few minutes. Please start the coffee. I think we’re going to need it.”
As soon as the door shut, Diana was out of bed like a shot. She looked around for something to wear. She’d left her yoga pants and top outside in a tangled heap on the lawn. She was just about to sprint for the bathroom, when Jake caught her around the waist and threw her back on the bed.
“Jake! Stop! Let me go!” she hissed at him. “Oh my goodness, what will Lizzie think?!”
Jake stopped her with a quick, hard, kiss. Or so he thought. The kiss deepened and Diana’s arms wrapped around his neck, holding him tight. He rolled on top of her and she felt his erection against her inner thighs.
Before he could slip into her, Lizzie yelled from the kitchen letting them know that the coffee was started and they better hurry.
Jake growled and mumbled something about how he should have drowned her when she was smaller. Diana couldn’t help but laugh and that started Jake laughing and before they knew it, they were rolling with laughter.
Lizzie yelled at them. “If you’re not out here in five minutes, I’m taking my bagels and going home!”
Jake looked down at Diana and kissed her on the nose.
“No offense, sweetheart, but I need fuel if I’m going to keep up with you. Bagels, then sex.”
He rolled off her and when she rolled to scramble off the bed, he swatted her butt. She couldn’t keep the yelp from escaping and she grabbed the gym bag with her clothes and headed for the bathroom. Jake looked down at his erect penis and cursed his daughter.
Diana secured her hair with a clip, then wrapped it in a towel so it wouldn’t get too wet and walked into the shower. It really was a wonderful shower, she thought, and would love to spend more time, but she washed quickly, then turned off the water and dried herself. She brushed and braided her hair, then using the toothbrush she kept in her purse, brushed her teeth and finally walked into the kitchen twenty minutes later. She’d hated that she only had her yoga attire to get dressed into, so she grabbed one of Jake's tee-shirts and pulled it over her head. Jake and Lizzie were sitting at the breakfast bar, talking quietly, each with a cup of coffee and bagel in front of them. Lizzie jumped up when Diana came down the hall.
“What kind of bagel do you want, Diana? We have Everything, Onion and Rye. And how do you take your coffee? I think I brought dad some milk earlier this week.”
“I’d love an Everything bagel, Lizzie, but you don’t have to wait on me. I know where the toaster is.”
Lizzie’s eyebrows shot up as she turned her gaze from Diana to her father. Oops, Diana thought. Diana hoped she didn’t take that the wrong way. “I mean, um… well, I made dinner last night for Jake and used it.” Damn, that didn’t sound right either.
Jake shook his head and started to chuckle.
“Jake! You’re not helping here!” Diana turned to him and put her fists on her hips.
Jake threw his head back and laughed. Lizzie joined in and Diana just shrugged her shoulders and joined them. She couldn’t be more embarrassed.
“Sit, Diana… Can I call you Di? Diana’s a mouthful.” Lizzie asked as she sliced the bagel and dropped it in the toaster.
“Yes, you can, Lizzie. Either/or works for me.” Diana didn’t usually drink coffee, but she walked over and opened the upper cabinet and pulled down a coffee cup. Lizzie noticed, and Jake noticed that Lizzie noticed. Poor Diana. He would have loved to spare her his daughter until they’d had more time alone together, but he figured if she could survive this morning and still want to be with him, they might have a chance. He children were his life. He missed not having his son around, but that couldn’t be helped for now.
“You have beautiful hair, Di. Is it natural?” Lizzie asked in her usual frank way.
Jake had just taken a sip of coffee and choked. “Lizzie!” Jake scolded.
Diana had to laugh at Jake and his daughter. She could feel the love and deep affection they had for each other. It reminded her of her and her father. She missed that with both of her parents gone.
Diana poured her coffee and walked over to sit next to Jake.
“Yes, it is and thank you. Maybe someday I’ll show you pictures of my aunts, nana and parents. All of them were pretty much completely white by their thirties and I loved their hair. Mine came on a little earlier and for a while I thought I should color it, but I look at those pictures and I can’t see myself as anything else but the way I am. I also think I should cut it short…
Before she could finish, Jake growled, “Over my dead body.”
“or at least shorter…” Diana shot him a look, “but again, I can’t see myself with short hair.” she finished, turning to Jake and sticking her tongue out at him.
Jake leaned over and whispered in Diana’s ear, his mustache tickling her lobe, “Stick that out again and I’ll show you where you can put it.” He then reached behind her and lightly slapped her ass. Diana yipped and jumped and Lizzie turned to look at them both.
“Get a room, guys…” Lizzie joked.
“We had one until you interrupted.” Jake scolded her.
That set them all laughing. And Diana blushed.

* * *

Jake was a proud papa, telling Diana that Lizzie was the Operating Room Nurse at one of the local hospitals. Diana couldn’t very well tell him that several surgeons from that very same hospital were regular clients of hers. They talked and laughed over several stories Lizzie told her about some of the “stergeons” she worked with.
Jake excused himself saying he needed to shower before they headed out. Diana would have loved to join him, but figured if she did, they’d never leave the house. And that would have been perfectly all right with her. When Jake disappeared into the bedroom, Lizzie turned and faced Diana.
“You’re good for him.” Suddenly serious, Lizzie said. “And for that, I am in your debt. I can‘t tell you the last time I heard him really laugh. I mean it‘s not like he’s this gloomy-Gus, but he seem lighter today. Younger. You make him happy.”
Diana and Lizzie had been looking directly at each other and their eyes never wavered. Diana knew Lizzie meant what she said. She reached over and laid her hand on Lizzie’s arm. Lizzie wasn’t the ditz Diana first thought. She must put on the front for her father.
Diana liked the younger woman. She didn’t resemble Jake except for her dark brown eyes. Lizzie must take after her mother in stature. Of medium height, maybe five foot seven, with a cute face, beautiful pale complexion and cute pugged nose. Her hair was cut short and Diana was almost jealous at the ease of care of such short hair.
“Thank you. He makes me happy too.” And Diana realized, that while she really hadn’t been un-happy, she was just surviving, going through life alone and not really living.
An hour later, Diana was driving her little Bug up to the guard gate of the country club she lived in. She stopped and told the guard that Jake would be on her entry list and when Jake pulled up to the guard house, he was handed a piece of paper that would allow him entrance at all times. With that done, they drove the short distance to the back of the club and into her driveway. They had agreed that they would pick up her car and Jake would follow her home and they would leave from there. Diana thought about her home. It had been her sanctuary for so long. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d had company. Oh, her submissive couple came twice weekly, but they weren’t company.
Jake followed Diana’s little VW and when he pulled into her drive behind her, he let out a low whistle. Being an administrative assistant in the private sector paid better than working for the government he thought. Her house was gorgeous. Large front yard done in desert landscape with a brick path leading to the front door which was on the north side of the house. A good size garage was off to one side. Before the door had completely closed on the garage, he’d caught a look at the T-Bird and what looked like the back end of a Lincoln Town Car. Diana was already at the front door when he got off the bike, removed his helmet, gloves and leather jacket and ran his fingers through his hair.
“Come on in and make yourself at home, Jake. I need to change then I’ll be ready to go.”
Jake walked up to the path leading to the front door which Diana had left open. He went through the door and again, released a low whistle. Floor to ceiling glass windows looked out over the western foothills towards the San Jacinto Mountains and off to the South and north towards Big Bear. The living room was done in muted desert colors with two fabric covered couches and a love seat that he suspected were all recliners. Antiques mixed with contemporary art and a beautiful antique china cabinet was showcased in the corner. As he walked closer, he saw that it held red glass, a Delft clock and Wedgwood canisters along with many other antiques.
The open floor plan allowed him to see her kitchen across the breakfast bar and to the right the dinning area. There was an eight foot harvest table make of what looked like cherry wood that when the leaves were extended, probably set ten to twelve people. Another floor to ceiling built in, glass fronted cabinet held pictures and china dishes. He didn’t recognize the pattern, but figured there would be twenty or so place settings. His mother had given each of his sisters something similar. And his wife had hers. Yearly on birthdays and Christmas, his mother would add a place setting or piece to help his sisters complete the sets. He studied the pictures and could see what Diana meant about her hair. Every adult had a complete head of white hair.
He looked down the hall and figured the house had either two or three bedrooms. He walked down the hall and to the left was the master suite. He by-passed that and continued down the hall. On the right was a laundry room and next to that, a full guest bath. There was a door just past that and he stood at the door of guest bedroom with a connecting door to the bathroom he’d just seen. Beyond that, at the end of the hall was the only closed door. He didn’t want to pry, but tried the handle anyway. It was locked.
“That’s my office.” Diana stood in the doorway of the master bedroom her shoulder leaned against the door jamb. He didn’t know how long she had been watching him, but she didn’t look too upset that he was touring her home. She’d changed into tight fitting jeans, a dark green sweater and ankle high boots. She had a jacket hanging over her folded arms.
“It’s locked.” he said
“Yes,” she said, “it is…”
Oookay, Jake thought. “May I see your bedroom?”
Diana stepped out of the door way and inclined her head.
The master suite was huge. He stepped in and sank into plush pale gray carpet. A California King bed with a white, gray and maroon bedspread covered it and pillows piled up at the head board. The closet took up one side of the room and had mirrored doors. Sliding glass doors faced north and led to a covered patio much like his. On one of the dressers was a flat screen TV. The bathroom was large with a separate bath and walk-in shower. Another sliding glass door facing east led to the back. All the floors throughout the house except the bedroom where tiled. Oriental rugs were statically placed throughout the house.
“You have a beautiful home, Diana.”
“Thank you Jake. I like your home too. My next big project will be a pool and Jacuzzi something like yours. I love to swim and we are fortunate that we can do it almost year round here.”
Jake grabbed her hand and asked if she was ready to ride. When she said yes, he lead her out the front door and watched while she locked it and set the alarm. He lead her to the Harley-Davidson Classic Electra Glide with a short passenger padded back rest and handed her the helmet he had strapped to the back. He pointed out that the helmets had a microphone system, so they could talk. He added that they were also connected to the radio so they could listen to music as the drove. Jake asked if she ever rode before and when she replied that she had, he instructed her to try to not lean too deep into the turns. She should keep her body aligned with his. She let Jake climb on the bike first then gingerly using the foot rest, climbed on the behind him and got settled. He started the bike and the vibration felt wonderful as it coursed through her body.
“Put something exciting between your legs. Ride a Harley.” She said into the mic and she could tell Jake heard her when he replied, “I’d rather be between your legs, but that will come later.” Diana swatted him on his leather clad shoulder.
An hour and a half later, they pulled into one of the many restaurant/stores in Oak Glen. Attached to this particular location was the wild life conservatory they could walk around. It was too early in the season for the apple harvest, so it wasn’t that busy. They ordered lunch and sat at one of the many picnic tables to eat. Diana had the pulled pork sandwich and Jake got the ribs. The coleslaw and baked beans rounded out their meals. Diana fed some of the pulled pork to Jake and he gave her one of his bar-b-que ribs. When they’d finished, they put the trash in the receptacle, Jake took her hand and they headed down the trail into the Wildland Conservancy. They stopped to read the signs and looked for the different animals listed.
“It is so beautiful here.” Diana whispered. “The last time I was here was between Thanksgiving and Christmas many years ago and the place was packed. We didn’t stay long and didn’t walk through the Conservancy at all. I’m glad we came today.” They stopped and when Jake turned towards her, she reached up and put her arms around his neck to draw him down. Her lips rested on his and his mustache tickled her nose. When she pulled away, she said, “Thank you for bringing me, Jake.”
Jake put his arm around her and they continued walking. When they’d come full circle they headed back to the store, Diana went inside and bought three bottles of Ginger Marmalade and one Peach Jalapeno. Jake stored everything in the saddle bags and got on the bike. Diana looked around at inhaled the smell of pine and bar-b-que. She didn’t want the day to end.
Chapter 13
They got back to Diana’s house just before dark. Diana got off the bike, shaking first one leg, then the other to try to get the blood circulating again. Jake took off his helmet and pulled his gloves off, putting them in the pocket of his jacket. He knew there was no way in hell he was going to leave Diana tonight. He followed her up the path and waited while she opened the door and disarmed the alarm. He waited while she turned on a light that cast a soft glow over the living room. He waited while she took off her jacket and turned to him. He started breathing again when she held out her hand to him. He took it and together they walked down the hall to her bedroom.
Once there, she stepped into his arms and wrapped her arms around his waist.
“I don’t want you to leave tonight, Jake.”
“Good, because I don’t think I could leave you, Diana”
Slowly, he pulled her sweater off over her head. He sighed at the sight of a beautiful, “regular” dark green bra covering her bountiful breasts and reached around to undo the hooks. She unbuttoned his shirt and pushed it off his shoulder. He reached for the snap of her jeans and slowly slid the zipper down. She followed suit. They both toed, then kicked off their boots. He bent and removed his socks, then hers. He took her panties down when he removed her jeans and she did the same for him. But before he could do what he wanted to do, she knelt before him and took his cock in her hands. He really was huge and when she touched him, his cock jerked in her hands. He placed his hand on her head to move the hair that had come loose from her braid aside so he could watch her.
Slowly, she licked pre-come from the slit at the top of his cock and his cock jerked again. Then she swirled her tongue round the head and made a soft moan of pleasure while taking him into her mouth. Diana kept her grasp on his cock and moved her hand in motion with her mouth. With her other hand she lightly caressed his balls. Jake's heart was beating out of his chest and his breathing was erratic. Diana purred and he felt the vibration though his entire body. She slowly took the length of his cock until he felt the head hit the back of her throat. He had to give her credit, he was very long and wide, but she didn’t gag. She continued working his cock in and out of her mouth, moving her hand in unison to her mouth while gently rotating her hand, to give him maximum pleasure. She squeezed his ball sack and with one finger, reached back towards his anus and pushed against the opening. Holy crap, he thought, no woman had ever done that to him. Jake could feel the beginning of the end, and pulled his cock from Diana’s mouth.
Jake pulled her hair and she looked up at him. He shook his head and when her lips released him, he pulled her up and kissed her gently. He pulled back the spread and top sheet on her bed, the fragrance unique to her rose from the sheets and he inhaled deeply. He then picked her up and placed her in the center and lay down next to her. She reached up and placed her arms around his neck to bring him down for a kiss. He kissed her, then trailed his lips over her jaw, down her neck and sucked leaving behind his mark, then bit her neck, then soothing it with his tongue when she groaned. He continued down to her breasts, sucking one, while his hand played with the other.
He moved lower, running his tongue around her navel, then lower to her Venus mound. He opened his mouth wide and sucked her hairless mound. He then bit it and soothed it with his tongue. He bypassed her center and licked down her right leg, putting his hand behind her knee bending it slightly. He continued to her small foot and kissed the arch of her foot. He then took her big toe into his mouth and sucked. Diana squirmed. He retraced his path up the other leg until he was at her core. He repositioned himself between her legs, and grabbed both knees and placed them over his shoulders. He sucked and nipped her labia. With no hair, he examined and explored the petal soft skin with his lips, teeth and mustache. He could feel the wetness flowing from her and he inhaled her scent.
Finally, he came up over her and positioned himself to enter her. Their eyes met and she wrapped her legs around his waist. She was about to reach for him, when she saw him shake his head. He motioned to the headboard and Diana reached her hands over her head and grabbed on. Slowly, Jake sank into her. He could feel her entire body quiver as she came, soaking his cock with her juices.
He continued to push into her until he felt the head of his cock against her cervix. He watched as her breath caught and felt as her entire body shook. He pushed deeper. Her back bowed and still she didn’t seem to breathe. He continued to pull out and push back in. He felt her pussy walls squeeze along his length of his cock and he groaned. He continued to gently slide in and out of her until he felt the beginning of the orgasm feathering along his spine. He pushed one last time and felt the warm seed shot into her waiting heat. They both groaned and he felt a second orgasm roll over her. He pumped once more and rested his forehead against hers.
It was only then he realized they hadn’t said a word since they’d started.

* * *

A few hours later, they sat at the breakfast counter and ate the chicken sandwiches Diana made. He learned that she had baked the bread and she told him that was why she wanted the marmalade. She promised to bake him a loaf this coming weekend. When Jake asked her if she wanted to go out Saturday night to dinner and a movie, Diana wasn’t sure what to say. She wanted to go, but knew that she should be at the “Pen” Saturday. She had occasionally left Mack in charge for a weekend here or there, but she knew a couple of important members where coming in and would expect her to be there.
“I would love to go Jake, but I have previous plans. Can we make it Sunday instead?”
Jake waited for an explanation, but Diana didn’t give one. He remembered the first night they met, she had told him that he would know when she didn’t want to answer, and he was almost afraid to ask.
“Okay, Sunday it is then. If you want, pick a movie and we can go for a matinee with dinner after.”
“If you keep feeding me like that, I’m going to turn into a blimp.” Diana was only half joking.
“Don’t worry, we can burn the calorie with sex.” Jake grinned at her.

* * *

Over the next several months, they settled into a routine. Sunday though Thursday they spent each evening after work and night, together at either Diana’s or Jake’s house. On the weekends when Diana went into the “Play Pen”. Jake would go back to his house. He wanted to ask what she did on the weekends, but she had told him that if she’d wanted him to know, she would tell him. One night, Diana asked if he would like it if she sent her housekeepers to Jake’s on Saturday to help him tidy the house and grocery shop. Jake wasn’t offended by the offer. He had actually been looking for someone to come clean for a while, but hadn’t been able to find the time. So he took her up on the offer.
Diana warned the couple that Jake had no idea about the “arrangement” they had and the couple agreed they wouldn’t speak of it. When the couple arrived, Jake gave them a quick tour and they immediately started stripping beds, loading the washer, loading the dishes from that morning and generally cleaning up. They asked if he wanted them to do the grocery shopping and Jake handed them a short list. He could get used to this.
While the wife went shopping, Jake took the opportunity to ask the man, Richard, how he knew Diana. Richard had explained that they had met while Diana had been in Northern California. His wife, Maria had been working for an agency and he had been unemployed, due to an injury, for almost a year. He would drive his wife to various assignments and wait while she worked. When Maria worked for her one day, Diana had invited him in. While talking with her, they had expressed an interest in getting out of the area. Their son had fallen in with one of the local gangs, and both parents had feared for his safety. Until then, he had been a good student with hopes of going to college and becoming an engineer. When Diana had moved back to Southern California, she had helped relocate the couple and their son. She had also helped the couple establish a residential cleaning business in the area, which Richard told him, was doing very well. When Jake asked about their son, the man beamed.
“After he graduated from high school, Diana helped him get a scholarship and he is only a couple of years away from graduating.” Richard told him proudly. “We can never repay Mist…, ah, Diana for what she’s done for us.”
Jake wasn’t sure what Richard had been about to say, but he knew the look. The one people get when they almost say something the shouldn’t. He’d let it slide for now and ask Diana about the couple later. The couple finished up and left.
Jake thought back to the times he and Diana had gone out. It seemed that where ever they went, someone knew Diana. Jake had asked many how they’d met and there seemed to be a recurring theme. Diana had helped them. Helped them find an apartment or helped get a loan for a home or car. She had helped people find jobs, helped with resumes and in one case, helped a woman and her child get into a shelter after her husband had beaten her.
Jake knew he was starting to have strong feelings for Diana. He might even be falling in love with her. Knowing she did the things she did and made him fall a little bit more.
Chapter 14
Diana looked at the body of the submissive strapped to the specially made kneeling bench. She was sweaty and her arms and shoulders were sore from the previous four sessions she’d had scheduled today. This would be her fifth and last session for the day. She knew she would have to take a nap after this in order to be coherent for tonight when the club opened. She looked at the flabby ass of the state assemblyman, which was bright red from the treatment she had spent the last hour giving him. He was strapped to the bench at four points, each wrist and ankle, he had a ball gag in his mouth and the bright yellow ball clutched firmly in his right hand. He knew that all he had to do was drop the ball and his Mistress would stop the session. In the fifteen plus years Diana had him as a client, he’d only dropped the ball once. This particular submissive liked to be spanked, hard, and Diana made sure he got what he wanted… At five hundred dollars a session, he more than paid for it. One last time the paddle came down on his ass and the bucking of his hips, the grunt and sustained moan that emerged from behind the ball gag signaled his completion. Jade turned and left the room. Mack would come in and let the assemblyman loose from the restraints, allow him to shower, dress, then send him on his way.
When she got back to her office Jade removed her wig as she sat at the desk and thought about the last four months with Jake. After their trip to Oak Glen, he’d called the “Pen” and left a message asking Mistress Jade to call him. When Jade had returned the call, he’d asked her if she was aware of Jasmine being interested in Auto Erotic Asphixiation. She told him that yes, Jaz had asked about it, but it wasn’t anything she, as Mistress Jade dealt with. Jake had thanked her and again asked that if she had any information or heard anything, to please give him a call.
Now, through Jake, she had learned that at least three other women had been found bound and strangled. One in the San Diego area, one in Orange County and one other in San Bernardino. All were known to be submissives. It bothered Diana that she couldn’t help Jake more. The only thing she could do is let other Dominants and submissives know what was going on. But right now, it looked like there was someone bad out there. It wouldn’t be the first time someone had murdered and made it look like sadism or play gone wrong.
It also bothered Diana that she wasn’t telling Jake everything. They had been together almost every night for the last four months except for Friday’s and Saturday’s when she came to the “Pen”. Over those four months, she had started bringing out some of her personal “toys” and introduced them into the lovemaking. Nipple clamps, which she loved, vibrators and dildos, blindfolds, both ankle and wrist cuffs and yes, even a couple of small floggers. She loved being a Top, but she loved that Jake was so dominant with her. Nothing got her juices flowing faster than being cuffed to Jake's big bed, with the clamps on her nipples and Jake licking her pussy. Or Jake being buried deep inside her when he’d remove the clamps, one and then the other, making sure to suck hard when each was removed and the blood rushed back into her nipple. Talk about a climax. She’d almost bucked him off she’d come so hard.
The one time she’d been able to get Jake spread eagle and cuffed, she had taken light weight clothes pins she’d bought at the Dollar store and created an impromptu CBT. Cock and ball torture wasn’t as bad as it sounded. She handed Jake a pair of rolled up socks and told him all he had to do was drop them and she would stop. She then took two of the lightweight clothes pin and sucking and pinching his nipples until they were hard, closing them lightly over his nipples. Jake gritted his teeth, but remained mute. She’d taken eight of the clothes pins out of the package and placed them on the nightstand.
Pulling just a bit of skin away from the base of Jake’s cock, she closed the pin over it. The intake of breath from Jake had her watching his face intently and his hand to make sure he hadn‘t dropped the balled up socks. She’d done this with her male submissives over the years and the majority loved it. She managed to line up six pins on his penis. She’d wanted him to experience what she had when he’d attached the clamps to her breasts and labia. When she got all the pins attached, she could feel the heat flowing from her core knowing the pleasure he would experience when she removed them.
Slipping her mouth over the head of his cock, one by one, starting at the top this time, she removed the pins and lowered her mouth to suck and lick strongly at each point the pins had been. When she removed the last one she heard Jake groan and felt his cock jerk as he bucked his hips, thrusting his cock deep in her mouth and come, long and hard. Diana swallowed every last drop of his come and then licked and continued to suck his cock soothingly. While he was still semi hard, she undid the ankle cuffs and moved up to straddle his groin area in order to remove the last two pins from his nipples. She lowered her mouth and sucked strongly on his right nipple when she removed the pin.
Jake groaned and she felt his cock come to full erection again when it hit her buttocks. She then repeated the procedure on his left nipple. She felt his body jerk and felt the come hit low on her back. Impressive… He’d come twice. When he opened his eyes, they were slightly glazed and, Diana thought, looked a little shocked. “Sub-space“ or close to it, she thought.” She leaned over and kissed him gently on the lips reaching up to undo the cuffs from his wrists, bringing his hands down to rest on his chest. She massaged his shoulders.
“Too much?” she asked wondering if she had gone too far.
Jake slowly focused his eyes on her face and a tired smile tipped the corner of his mouth as he shook his head.
“That was the most intense experience I can ever remember having.” he told her quietly. “Is that what if feels like when I do that to you?” He wanted to wrap his arms around her and snuggle her to his side, but didn’t seem to have the strength.
“I’m not sure. Pain is subjective for each individual. Sometimes, pain brings pleasure.”
Jake’s brows furrowed. What had she said and where had he heard it before? He couldn’t think. His brain was scrambled right now. All he could do was close his eyes and let go. Before he fell asleep, he mumbled the question, where had Diana learned what she’d just done to him.

* * *

Jade shook the memories from her head and pulled her laptop closer and opened up the email site for the “Play Pen”. Along with the usual spam, which she deleted, there were several personal emails from Dominates around the state. The Play Pen might only be ten years old, but Jade had been in the business for almost twenty years prior to that and had a reputation of being not only a savvy business woman, but one of the few professional Mistress’s in the state. Many of her male counter parts would seek her out from time to time and even, like Master J, send her new submissives to train. She replied to the personal emails and then continued on to several with the subject line of “Membership” or “Training”. Membership to her club was by referral only and after replying to those seeking membership with a lengthy questionnaire and background check authorization, she went to the last email and froze when she opened it.
She didn’t recognize the “Air-bender” name on the account, but it was from someone who wanted to know about “breath training.” She read the email once. Then again and stood up and started to pace. She didn’t have a good feeling about this and wondered what she should do. She walked into the control room with all the surveillance equipment to look for where Mack might be. She scanned the monitors, saw him out back and did a quick double take, leaning closer to the monitor. Mack was standing with his back to the camera, and Jade could just make out the form of a much smaller person, a woman?, in front of him. As she watched, she saw Mack stiffen, then glance over his shoulder at the camera mounted on the side of the building. Still shielding the person, Mack quickly led them out of camera range and within minutes Jade heard the chimes signaling someone entering the building.
Within seconds of the chime, Mack strode into Jade’s office and went directly to the control room. Jade turned from the monitor with a slight smile on her face and watched the blush creep into Macks cheeks. She smiled, shook her head and not wanting to embarrass her friend, walked past him and sat behind her desk.
“Look at this, please, Mack” she said as she spun the laptop around. Mack sat in the chair on the other side of the desk from Jade and brought the computer closer. He took a moment to read the email, then looked up at Jade and back down at the email. After finishing the email, Mack leaned back in the chair. He steepled his fingers and rested the tips of his index fingers against his lips, deep in thought.
“You have to tell Captain Connor.”
Jade leaned back in her seat letting her head fall back against the back of the chair. She blew out a deep breath. She might not have told Mack everything about her and Jake. But after that night he’d come by with his partner to tell them about Jaz and she’d admitted knowing him, she knew Mack would draw his own conclusions.
“Yes, I know your right, but the question is how do I tell him?”
Macks eyebrow raised. “He doesn’t know, yet?”
“No, he doesn’t and I’m not sure this is the way I want to tell him. I will have to tell him soon though.”
Mack looked at her and asked the question. “Do you love him?”
Jade didn’t answer. She felt that the first person she admitted to loving Jake, would be Jake. And while she knew Mack wouldn’t say anything, she wanted Jake to be the first to know how she felt about him.
Jade reached inside the drawer of her desk and pulled out a card Jake had given her. His official phone at the station was where she needed to reach him. She picked up the phone and dialed.
The phone rang several times before it was picked up.
“Connor” came Jakes voice
Jade had to close her eyes and remember who she was.
“Captain Connor, this is Mistress Jade. I‘m not sure if you remember me, but you came to my club regarding Jasmine Leeds’ murder. ”
Dead silence greeted her introduction.
To say Jake was thrown by the voice and introduction, was an understatement. At first he thought it was Diana, the voice was so familiar. Deeper yes, but as seductive as Diana’s.
“Mistress Jade, a pleasure to hear from you. Yes, I do remember you. I believe you still owe me a new shirt. How can I help you?”
Jade smiled. Oh yes, she owed him more than just that one shirt. I think we’re up to four at this point, she thought.
“Maybe it is I who can help you, Captain.” She spoke slowly, inhaling deeply. “I have received an interesting inquiry from someone who is interested in learning ‘breath’ play.”
Jake sat up, totally alert now to what the woman was saying. He grabbed a pen and pad to take notes and wrote down the time and date.
“Detective? Are you still there?”
“YES!” Jake all but yelled. “Thank you for calling me. Can you give me a little more detail on what the inquiry was about?”
“Is this your correct email on your card, Detective?” Jade asked as she read it off to him.
When Jake confirmed it was his email, Jade used the mouse to click the forward button and typed in the email address and clicked send.
Jade heard the ping from Jake's computer through the phone that signaled an incoming email. She waited a beat before telling Jake that he should have it.
Jake asked her to hang on for a moment and she could hear him clicking his keyboard and opening the missive. Another couple of seconds later, she heard him swear under his breath. He must be reading it again for it took a moment for him to ask Jade if he had her permission to forward on the message to the IT Techs to see if they could get anything from the IP address. Jade said she would allow it, but asked for one condition.
“I don’t know if it is possible, but I would prefer that the email not be traced back to me, Detective. Will that be possible?”
Jake wasn’t sure, but he said he would try his best and he would get back to her with and answer.
“Mistress Jade?” Jake’s voice came through the phone and Jade had to again remind herself that she needed to stay in character.
“Yes, Detective?”
“Thank you. For calling. Can you give me a couple of days before you take any action on this?”
Jade was a little puzzled by Jake's question.
“Explain, please Captain?” Jade asked
“If this is the person we’re looking for, and the tech guys can’t get anything on the IP address, we may need your help to try another way to get this guy. He’s bad news and we don’t want him running around free.”
Jade knew, but had to ask. “How many women, besides the three I already suspect, has he murdered, Detective?”
“We suspect at least two more now. All in the southern California area.”
Jade felt the room spin. Two more?
“Five?”
“How did you know about the other two, Jade?”
“It’s a tight community, Captain. We hear things and are concerned.” It took everything Jade had not to cry. In a husky, tear filled voice Jade said, “Catch this bastard, Detective. Anything I can do to help, you have my number. The club is only opened on Friday and Saturday, but if it is an emergency, the messages are monitored. I will get the message.” and with that, Jade hung up the phone.
Jake hit the print button and got up and ran to the printer in the bullpen just as the message Mistress Jade forwaded finished printing. He went back to his office and started to read the email again.

“Honorable Mistress,

Please excuse the interruption, but I followed your career for many years. Since your time in Sacramento to be exact. I have had a deep desire to learn at your feet. For the last several years, I have been trying to learn breath play but have not been able to find partners willing or able enough to help me in my quest. I humbly beg that you agree to take me on as your willing student so I may learn the correct way.

I am more than willing to come to your club or anywhere you desire to meet.

I will do anything you ask, but please don’t deny me again. I don’t want to hurt others.

Sincerely yours,


Jake looked at the divided triangle at the end of the message. He’d seen it before, but had to rack his brain to remember. When it clicked, he realized it was the symbol for Air. Geez, this guy was a real wack job. But it was the last two sentences of the email that had caught and held Jake’s attention and had him worried. Mistress Jade must know who this guy was. And if so, she could be in real danger.
Chapter 15
Saturday evening came and went, uneventfully in regard to any more emails. Jade had to put in appearences in the main club, but mostly stuck close to her office. She’d read and re-read the email so many times, she knew it by heart. But it was the last two sentences that kept coming back to her.
“I will do anything you ask, but please don’t deny me again. I don’t want to hurt others.”
She had been racking her brain for anything that might remind her who she’d denied training in the past. The email had mentioned Sacramento and while she hadn’t had the club back then, she did have a separate apartment she kept for her Mistress business and training sessions. And in all the years she had been a professional Mistress, she had never engaged in breath play. It was just too dangerous. Even Tens units were something she didn’t introduce into her play for fear of causing damage. If done improperly or to someone who might unknowingly have heart problems it could be deadly.
A soft knock at the door drew her attention away from her thoughts. Mack stepped into her office and after a short bow, came forward and asked for permission to sit. Jade nodded and Mack sat in the chair across her desk.
“I don’t think you should come to the club for the next couple of weeks, Jade.” he said without preamble.
Before she could say anything, Mack held up his hand and continued. “You read the letter. Whoever this guy is, he knows about the club. And chances are good he’s seen you coming and going. He might know who you are.”
Jade had thought about that too. She never wore a disguise to or from the club. She’d never had a reason to. Now, she wondered and worried if maybe she’d been followed home or even to Jake’s.
“I think you also need to let Captain Connor know who Jade really is. I can protect you here at the club, but this guy is dangerous, Jade. You don’t want to mess with him.” Having said his peace, Mack rose from the chair and when a small nod, opened the door and left.
Jade had been sitting and thinking about what Mack had said. Yes, she needed to tell Jake. Hopefully he would be able to understand and forgive her for not telling him sooner. Just as she was about to get up and leave the office, her business line rang. She looked at the caller ID and didn’t recognize the number.
“Play-Pen, how may I help you?”
“Mistress” the voice was low pitched and soft.
“How may I help you?” Jade asked again.
“You can train me, Mistress. I’ve been trying to get to you for so long now.” Jade didn’t hesitate. She hit the button under her desk and waited. It didn’t take more than thirty seconds, the longest thirty seconds of her life, for Mack to come running in the door with the big Colt in his hand. Jade put her finger to her lips and punched the button that would put the caller on speaker phone.
“Who is this?” Jade demanded.
“Didn’t you get my request for training, Mistress? I am called ‘Air-bender’. We met years ago in Sacramento. I wanted to be your willing pupil, but you turned me away.” The last was said with such anger, Jade flinched. Jade looked up and saw that Mack was on his cell phone.
Mack made a circling motion with his index finger and Jade knew he wanted her to keep ‘Air-bender’ on the line longer.

* * *

Jake was just getting ready to leave for the evening when the last line on his office phone rang. It was the line that came directly to him and it was on just a few the cards he gave out. He really wanted to ignore it, but since he wasn’t seeing Diana tonight, he figured he would take the call.
“Connor”
“Captain, this is Mack calling from Mistress Jade’s.” Mack was speaking so softly, Jake had to strain to hear.
“Yes, Mack, I remember you. Can you speak up. I can barely hear you. Has something happened to Mistress Jade?”
“Captain, the person who sent the email is currently on the line with Mistress Jade. We have him on speaker phone and I am going to let you listen in. Please don’t speak while he is on the line.”
Mack set the cell down next to the land line speaker phone so Jake could hear what was being said.
“If I turned you away Air-bender, I must have had a reason.” Jake could hear Jade throaty voice speaking. Jake opened his email program and quickly clicked reply to the email Jade had sent earlier. He started typing an email letting her know what questions he wanted her to ask.
“I have yet to turn away a willing pupil without giving them good reason.” Jade heard the email notice soft ping and looked towards her laptop to see an email from Jake. Mack grabbed the laptop and opened the email reading it quickly. He then turned the computer around so Jade could see it.
“You did give a reason at the time, Mistress. You said that you were leaving the area and weren’t taking new trainees.”
“Then you know that I did, in fact, leave that area. That was my reason for not taking you on. To have taken on any new trainees would have been detrimental to their search for a new Master or Mistress. Did I recommend someone for you, Air-bender?”
“Yes, Mistress…” he answered softly, “But she didn’t want to take me on. So I found someone else. But that BITCH didn’t know what she was doing!” This said with so much anger Jade flinched.
“She hurt me, so I had to hurt her..” this said softly. Mack watched as the blood drained from Jade face. Quickly he came around so he could see the display on the phone and typed on the laptop and sent it to Jake.
“Trap and trace. Cell phone 888-555-3794.” Although he knew it was probably a burner phone, Mack could only hope. The email chimed and Mack read it quickly before turning the computer for Jade to see the message.
“What Mistress hurt you, Air-bender? What did you do to her? Are you the one who hurt Jasmine?”
“Yes, Jaz said she would be willing to let me practice on her.” Jade realized he hadn’t answered the first two questions, but was talking about Jaz. “She just wanted to fuck.” Again, the anger and then he continued with such complete calm. “She wasn’t a true submissive. She didn’t want to serve. She didn‘t deserve to live.”
“What happened to the Mistress who hurt you? How did she hurt you and what did you do to her?” Jade asked Air-bender again.
“She put the scarf around my neck and squeezed. I liked that. But then she touched me… And I didn’t like that. You’d never touch me like that Mistress. I know you wouldn’t.” Jade wasn’t sure she could continue. Jake had been sending questions and she tried to get Air-bender to answer them, but he just seemed to get more and more angry.
“I don’t want to talk anymore. Will you teach me Mistress? Will you show me the way?” And then the call was disconnected.
Mack picked up the cell phone and put it to his ear speaking softly and quickly.
“Would it be possible for you to come to the club, Captain?” he asked Jake.
“I’ll be there in thirty minutes. Do not leave Mistress‘s side, Mack. Understood?” was the reply.
“Drive around back Captain. I’ll meet you at the same entrance you used last time.” and with that, Mack disconnected.

* * *

Jake ran out of the station, was at the club in twenty minutes and drove around back. Mack must have been alerted by the front door staff and met him at the door. When he got to the door, Mack blocked the way causing Jake to stop and look up at the huge man.
“Don’t hurt her, Captain. She is very precious to me and if you hurt her, you will have me to deal with.” Mack lowered his head and stared straight into Jake’s eyes. “Do you understand me, Captain?”
Jake wasn’t sure what the hell Mack was talking about, but he nodded and Mack held his eyes for another few seconds before standing back and opening the door and leading Jake up the stairs to the door that would open directly into Mistress Jade’s office.
Mack pulled out a little remote and buzzed the door open.
“I’ll leave you two alone, Captain. Just remember what I said.” then Mack turned and went down the stairs.
Jake entered the office expecting to see Mistress Jade sitting behind her desk. Instead, the office was empty. He turned when he heard one of the doors behind him open and his eyes widened in shock when Diana, her beautiful white hair braided and hanging down her back, wearing a pair of yoga pants and one of his tee shirts stepped into the room.
“Hello Jake.”
“Diana, what‘s going on…? What…? Ahh, where is…” It took him a moment to take it all in. He turned to look at the desk again. On the desk was a wig. Black. And the mask that she would’ve worn with it. He turned back and looked at Diana‘s freshly scrubbed face. The tattoo, the voice, her perfume. The sense that he had recognized, knew, Mistress Jade the first time he met her.
Diana walked around her desk and sat in her chair. She motioned for Jake to sit in the chair across from her. She wanted to go to him. Wanted to feel his arms around her. Wanted him to kiss her and tell her everything was going to be alright.
Jake didn’t know what to say as he walked to the chair and lowered himself. He’d never been this shocked. Not even in the service when an IED had almost taken out the unit he’d been in the field with in Iran.
“This is why you don’t spend Friday’s or Saturday’s with me?” Jake asked Diana softly. “I was worried that you had a husband and family stashed somewhere you needed to be with.” The joke fell flat even as he tried to lighten the mood of the situation.
“No Jake, no husband, no children. Apart from this, I’ve never lied to you. Actually, I never lied to you about this either. I just didn’t tell you. Didn‘t know how to tell you.” she said with a small sad smile.
“You’re a Mistress? You are Mistress Jade?”
“Yes, Jake. I am Mistress Jade. And have been for the over thirty years.”
“Yet, with me, you aren’t. Why?”
Diana smiled a little smile and shrugged. “Because, with you, Jake, I don’t want or need to be in control. I like my submissive side when I’m with you. I love your dominance.” As much as she wanted to add, “I love you, Jake.” now wasn’t the time.
Jake was speechless. He got up and started to pace around the office. He started talking to himself, trying to come to terms with everything he’d just learned. When he stopped and faced her, she knew he’d come to a decision.
“Okay, I can live with this. But you have to tell me everything.”
Diana stood up and came around the desk and put her arms around Jake. He held her tightly and kissed the top of her head. When she looked up, he kissed her softly on the lips. Then deepened the kiss as the heat took over. The knock at the door just before it opened didn’t stop the kiss. Mack cleared his throat as he entered the room.
“I believe we have company.”
Chapter 16
Most of the guest had left and Jade sent Mack down to make sure the rest left before locking up for the night. She asked Mack to make sure that the submissives working this evening were taken care of and followed home by the rest of the security team. When Mack returned, he and Jake went into the control room to look at the monitors. Jade, having no doubt that Mack sensed someone watching the club, stayed in her office trying to come to terms with what “Air-Bender” had told her on the phone.
When she’d left Sacramento, she had recommended two Dominants, one male and one female, to the clients who wouldn’t or couldn’t follow her to southern California. She looked at the clock and while it was well after midnight, she picked up the phone and made the first of two calls.
In the control room, Mack and Jake looked at the monitors. Mack used the joy stick to swivel the closed circuit TV’s cameras to point outward, away from the building, to the scrubby desert around the club. Jake watched as the camera stopped scanning and Mack leaned forward and pointed at the center of the main screen on the console.
“There.” Mack said pointing to the barely distinguishable shape behind several tumbleweeds that seemed to have been placed strategically to offer a hiding place.
Jake leaned in and strained to see what Mack was pointing out.
“How far out do you think he is, Mack?” Jake asked.
“Hundred, hundred and ten yards. If we try to get him, he’s got too much of a head start on us. Chances are, he has either a dirt bike or ATV out there. He couldn’t have walked in from the road out front. We would have seen him. He had to have come in the back way and it’s too far to walk from the nearest road or parking area.”
“Can you zoom in anymore?” Jake leaned in more to try to see if he could see any features of “Air-Bender”.
“No, I’m in as far as I can get… he’s on the move.” Mack kept his finger on the monitor, tracking as the figure started easing backwards. “Not military, but probably has combat camo, probably night vision equipment,” Mack muttered to himself. “Not bad. Too bad I’m better.”
Jake had to admire Mack. He’d been in the field, but couldn’t see half of what Mack was picking up.
“Where were you stationed, Mack?” Jake asked as the figure finally faded away in the night.
“Same as you, Captain. We just traveled in different circles and at different times. I could tell you, but…” Mack left the rest unsaid.
“But, then you’d have to kill me?” Jake finished for him.
Mack just shrugged his shoulder and stood up. Together, they left the surveillance room and entered the office where Jade was just hanging up the phone. By tact unspoken agreement, neither Jake nor Mack spoke of what they’d seen.
“I just spoke with the two Dominants I referred my clients to up north. Both are alive and well, but they tell me that in the last few years, there have been more than a few “wannabes” in the area who have disappeared.” Jade spoke softly looking up at Jake. Her eyes were bright with unshed tears. “All were interested in breath-play.”
Chapter 17
For the next several hours, the three of them talked about strategy. Jake knew he would have to speak with his superiors about any plan they might come up with, but towards the end of their strategy session the only viable plan they had involved Mistress Jade meeting with the Air-Bender in person.
“No, absolutely not! We can’t allow Mistress Jade in the same room with that bastard alone.” Jake broke out in a cold sweat even thinking about all the things that could go wrong.
Jade and Mack looked at each other and a silent communucation passed between them. Mack stood up and rolled his shoulders.
“I suggest we all go home and think about this. Think of all the things that can wrong, but also think of a way we can take this SOB off the streets. Captain, I suggest you take Diana home. We’re all tired and need to come at this again after we get some rest.” Mack bowed, said good night and left them to go up to his apartment. He hoped he would find “her” waiting for him. He needed the comfort of her warm body tonight.
“Mack’s right, Jake. Take me home, please? I’m not sure I can handle much more tonight.”
The didn’t speak the entire drive home. They had decided to leave Diana’s Bug in the garage at the club. Jake watched the rear view mirrors to make sure they weren’t followed. He got on the interstate 10, then off at the Highway 111 exit. They drove through downtown Palm Springs, past the club they’d met at more than four months ago now. He cruised down Highway 111 through Cathedral City, Rancho Mirage, Palm Desert and finally into Indian Wells.
When Diana first realized he’d been heading for his home, she’d asked him if they could go to her house. Now that he knew she was Mistress Jade, he had to know it all. Jake headed for the country club and at the guard gate entrance Jake showed the card Diana had given him that granted him admittance and the night guard let them in. Jake drove to Diana’s home and turned off the car. He got out and came around to her side and helped her out of his car, keeping is body between her and any open ground around them. Diana knew what he was doing. Putting himself between her and danger. God, she loved this man.
When they entered the house, Diana put her keys in the bowl by the door which was her usual practice, then picked up another key with a long red ribbon from the bowl.
“Maria and Richard where here today, so there should be something in the fridge and pantry to eat. Would you mind very much putting something together. I need to take care of something and will be right back.” she said to Jake.
Without waiting for his reply, she headed to the back of the house, and took the key she’d picked up and opened the only locked door in the house. She entered and looked around. The room was large. As large as her bedroom, but here, a twin bed with it’s heavy head and food boards was against one wall and specially built kneeling bench, fully extended was center stage. The hooks in the ceiling for suspension were unobtrusive unless you knew what to look for. The four on the wall, less so. The glass fronted cabinets along two walls held an array of toys from vibrators to dildos, spreader bars, floggers, cuffs, clips, whips and Big B. She’d been collecting toys for the last thirty years and her collection was impressive. Anything and everything a Dominant Mistress could want was close at hand.
She opened what could have been mistaken for a closet, but was in fact her small home office and booted up her computer. When the system was ready, she used her passwords and opened three programs. She stood, looked around one last time, exited the room, locked the door behind her and went to find Jake.
He was sitting at the breakfast bar with a beer at his elbow, stacking cheese and salami on crackers and chewing slowly. Diana grabbed a cracker and laid a slice of cheese and salami on it before heading to the refrigerator to get something to drink. She filled a cup with ice and Jamaica and leaned against the counter top and watched Jake eat. When it seemed he had eaten all he was going to, she walked over and laid her glass on the counter. Without a word, she took his hand and placed the key in his palm.
Jake looked at the key, then up at Diana questioningly.
As she had done the first night they met, she placed a hand on each side of his face, running her thumbs over his mustache and looked directly into his eyes.
“You now hold the key to all my secrets. Secrets no one but I know. Not even Mack knows. My computer is open to you. You need to know it all Jake. I told you I would never lie to you, but would tell you if something was none of your business. Everything I have is now open to you, Jake. No more fear and no more hiding who I am. Take your time. I’ll be here when you’re done and you can ask anything you want.” And after kissing him gently on his mouth, and again, running her fingers over his mustache, she picked up her glass and went to her bedroom and through the sliding glass door, outside to sit on the back porch.
After thirty minutes, she got up and went to the refrigerator and poured herself another Jamaica adding a good shot of Kessler. Jake wasn’t at the breakfast bar, so she knew he must be in her office.
After an hour, she went in to pour herself another, with less Kessler this time and rummaged through the freezer until she found an unopened pack of cigarettes. She’d quit smoking over twenty years ago, but periodically rotated out unopened packs, just in case she felt the need for a smoke.
After two hours, she sat and smoked her second cigarette, sipping the tea she’d made and watched the sun dawn on a new morning. Thirty minutes later she heard the sliding screen door open and turned her head to watch Jake step through. He pulled up a chair close to her and reached over and took the lit cigarette from her fingers, bringing it to his mouth and taking a deep drag before stubbing it out in the ashtray sitting on the low table in front of them.
Neither of them said anything for several moments. Then Jake got up, pulled her from her chair and picked her up, cradling her in his arms. He walked with her to the sliding screen door, which she opened and he stepped into her bedroom. When he reached the side of her bed, he stood her before him and gently removed her clothes, pulled back the spread and motioned for her to get in. He then stripped and crawled in beside her, nestling her in his arms. She laid her hand on his chest, sighed deeply, closed her eyes and fell asleep. He was asleep thirty seconds later.
Chapter 18
It was the smell of coffee that woke Jake several hours later. He rolled over, looked at the clock and groaned. He was getting too old for this shit, he thought. All-nighters were for younger men, but he knew he would never sleep again if it meant keeping his lady safe. Even before he had gone through her computer files, he’d known she was his. Too bad he didn’t have the ring he’d bought for her with him. It was at his house, in his night stand drawer. He was going to ask her to marry him when they got together Sunday at his place for dinner. Well, today was Sunday. He threw his legs over the side of the bed, got up and headed for the bathroom.
After washing his face and brushing his teeth, he went to the chest of drawers Diana had cleaned out for him and where he kept clothes for when he stayed over. He’d done the same for her at his place. He pulled on a pair of briefs and shorts and walked into the kitchen bare chested. Diana was sitting with a cup of tea in front of her, playing her “brain” games as she called them. He kissed the top of her head and squeezed her shoulder on the way to the coffee maker. He poured himself a cup of coffee and took a sip before turning and returning to the breakfast bar and taking a seat.
“I didn’t know you smoked.” was the first thing Jake said.
Diana shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t really. I quit a long time ago, but keep a fresh pack for emergencies… like last night.”
“You have more money than I do,” was the second thing Jake said.
Diana, in the middle of taking a sip of tea, choked, coughed and took a moment to reply. One of the programs she’d opened to him last night included a spreadsheet of all her investments and banking information.
He’d thought about all the information she’d allowed him access to and he figured he would start with this before getting deeper into her life. Other files had included her journals, which he’d skimmed through. Those journals included details of her business‘s both as Mistress Jade, Professional Dominant and as owner of the “Play Pen.” One included a coded list of members, but Jake was able to figure out that it was a veritable who’s who of the major corporate CEO‘s, entertainment and political worlds.
“Does that bother you?” Diana asked.
“No, I think I might like to be a kept man, actually.”
Diana chuckled at that.
Jake reached over and took her hand in his, bringing it to his lips to lay a kiss on her palm.
“You do a lot of good with your money, sweetheart. You are the “scholarship” that is putting Richard and Maria’s son through college.”
It wasn’t a question, so she didn’t reply and he continued.
“And you’ve set up other scholarships for children of the “strays” you seem to collect. You‘re not just the co-signer on the loans for the cars and houses I’ve had people tell me about. You are the loan.”
Diana took a deep breath.
“I have the money, Jake. I do set it up with the bank and my attorney and all the paperwork is legal and above board. It is a loan in every sense of the word. To date, not one of those “strays” has failed to repay, with interest, on those loans. And it helps them in so many ways. All they needed was the chance. I just gave it to them. Besides, I have no one to leave the bulk of my money to, so why shouldn’t I help others when I can, while I‘m still alive to see all the good that comes from it?”
“So, tell me about Mistress Jade.”
Ah, so here it is.
“What do you want to know, Jake? Ask and I will tell you.”
Diana stood and headed for the refrigerator. She pulled out a pack of little smokies sausages links that she knew he loved, a dozen eggs and bagels. She hadn’t eaten since, well, lunch yesterday and she knew he must be hungry too. Cooking calmed her. When he didn’t ask, she turned around to look at him. He wasn’t going to ask again. It would be up to her to share what she wanted. She nodded once and she cooked and talked.
While she made breakfast, she told him about her submissive years and the Dominant who had recognized that, while she made a wonderful subbie, she would make an exceptional Dominant.
While Jake ate, she pushed her food around her plate taking the occasional bite and talked about the death of her lover and mentor over thirty years ago and how it had effected her.
While she started the first batch of bread, she explained that she had sought out many Dominatrix’s and after listening to pretty much the same things from each, decided to concentrate on the more pleasurable and sensual and trustworthy aspects of BDSM that she‘d enjoy. She’d done research and learned what she could and couldn’t do in order to not be entrapped or accused and arrested for prostitution.
“I have never had sex with a submissive I’ve had a session with. It sets a bad example. I’ve never touched a submissive for the express purpose of my sexual gratification. But that doesn’t mean that they couldn’t touch themselves to bring themselves to orgasm. And I never allow that until the end of each session. If a submissive I’m in session with comes, then the session ends.”
While during the first rise of the bread, she told Jake of the years of establishing herself as one of the states foremost professional Female Dominants. She told about her heart breaking move away from her parents to establish herself in Northern California. She told him that one of her very early referrals had been an state assemblyman. Word of mouth of her provocative disguises, her figure, her discretion and ability to administer one hell of a spanking, not to mention her expertise with the single tail, had quickly spread and soon she had more clientele then she could deal with in the limited amount of time when she wasn‘t working her administrative position.
While the first batch of bread was baking, she told him that as her session rate per hour had quickly climbed with every new client, she was quickly able to save enough to allow her to dream of her own place. She explained how the “Play-Pen” became a reality after her mother had passed.
“While I’m not ashamed of what I do, I just didn’t feel I could disrespect my parents by opening the club while they were alive. Which is also why I wear the costumes. You would be amazed at how many people come to the “Pen” who know both Diana and Mistress Jade, and would be shocked and horrified that they are one in the same. It also helps keep me from being recognized while doing my shopping or at church. Or just walking down the street. You have to admit, my hair alone would be recognizable from a quite a distance.”
Diana looked at the clock and saw that it was almost two PM. She had been talking for almost five hours and didn’t think there was anything left to say. Jake had remained quiet though the whole story and could see the toll it had taken on her. After she had wrapped the bread she’d made, put it in the freezer and cleaned up, Jake lifted her in his arms and carried her to her bedroom. He stripped her and placed her gently in the center of the bed and then stripped and crawled between her legs, spreading them with his knees and gently laying over her. He gently rocked against her, his cock sliding between the folds of her hairless pussy lips until he felt her juices coating him. He reached back and with one hand, raised her knee and positioned himself to enter her. She reached above her head and wrapped her fingers around the slats of the head board, knowing he wouldn’t enter her until she did. Slowly, he fucked her with just the head of his cock.
She felt herself heading for sub-space. That wonderful alternate state of awareness where, for her, communication is impossible. While the first time they’d made love, Diana had been on the edge, it had been thirty years since she’d been there. With Jake, it didn’t take much to get her close. Just the sweet pain as his overly large cock stretched her opening and inner channel. The shock of the tip of his cock as he bottomed out hitting her cervix was enough to take her to the doorway. But it was the strong suction on her breast, and when he closed his teeth around the extended nipple and pulled, that’s had her leaping through the open door of sub-space.
She turned inward and felt nothing but pleasure. So much had happened yesterday that her body must have known she needed to go where she didn’t have to think. Only feel. And she felt everything. Every breath he took, every heart beat. The way that every hair on his chest felt against her breasts and belly. Every hair on his muscular legs teased her. Every hair around his manhood stimulated her smooth, hairless mound.
“Breathe my love, breathe.”
She took a breath and felt every centimeter of his cock sliding into her. She could feel his heart pumping to supply the blood flowing through the veins of his cock buried deep inside here. She felt the fine sheen of sweat that coated his body, transferring to hers as he slid against her. She felt his cock thickening and pulse as he shot his hot seed into her waiting womb. She felt her body taking another leap. The orgasm had her bowing her back and causing her entire body to quiver and her insides to milk ever ounce of liquid from him. And still she held her breath, feeling everything.
“Breathe, Love… Breathe.”
She took a breath. And another. When her eyes started to regain their focus, the first thing they saw was the concern in his eyes as he was looking down at her. She hadn’t realized the tears were rolling out of the outer corners of her eyes.
Jake watched as she gradually came back to him. Her eyes slowly closed, squeezing out more tears that he gently kissed away. When he looked back down at her, her eyes were focused and she had the most beautiful smile on her face. Now he knew what the Mona Lisa’s secret smile might have been about.
Her fingers slowly released their hold on the headboard and while she had little strength left, she managed to put her arms around his neck and bring his head down to her.
“Thank you, Jake.” she said as she gently kissed him. And while he was still buried deep inside her, she fell into a deep sleep.
Chapter 19
Still buried inside Diana, Jake carefully rolled over, placing her on his chest. It had always been a fantasy of his to fall asleep buried deep inside his woman and wake still buried deep inside her. Then to wake her with kisses and slow, deep lovemaking. He didn’t want to wake Diana yet, poor thing hadn’t gotten much sleep last night, or this morning. He wasn’t even sure what time it was. He turned his head in order to get a look at the clock on her nightstand. 3 o’clock P.M. He didn’t want to let her sleep too long or else she wouldn’t sleep tonight. Which, when he thought about it, might not be such a bad idea. He still had a few things he needed to talk to her about. But that could wait.
While she slept, he thought about the plan that they had discussed the night before. The plan that included using Mistress Jade as bait in order to lure Air-Bender into the club and hopefully get him to try and impress Mistress Jade with what he’d done, in essence, confessing about those he’d killed. But Jake didn’t like that fact that it put Jade, no, Jade in close proximity to this dickhead. Diana… Jade… He still had a problem trying to reconcile the thought that his beautiful, gentle Diana and the strong Dominate Jade were one in the same person. But then, it shouldn’t be that hard. I mean men do it all the time, he thought. Hell, he remembered doing it himself. At work he was one man, tough, strong. But when he’d come home to his family, he’d leave that man at work and became the gentle loving father. Was it any different with Diana/Jade?
“I can see the wheels turning from here. What are you thinking, Jake?” Diana asked softly.
Jake was so deep in thought he hadn‘t realized she was awake. Or that he was still inside her.
“I was coming to terms with the idea of you and Jade being two halves of a whole.”
“Hmm… that’s as good a way as any to say it, I guess.” She sat up, her legs sliding to either side of his thighs, rocking her pelvis side to side and squeezed her inner muscles as she felt him harden.
“Weren’t you inside me when I fell asleep?”
“Muh-humh,” Jake replied as he pushed up into her. “This is one of my fantasies.”
“Mine too.” she said with laughter in her voice and blushed.
“After all these months, I still love to see you blush, sweetheart.”
“I’m glad you like it. Jake, put your hands up and grab the headboard. I want to make love to you.”
“Your wish is my command, Mistress.”
And for the next hour Diana drove him wild. Bringing him to the brink, then backing off, over and over until finally giving them both relief.

* * *

At 5:00 PM they had just finished cleaning up after a dinner of the Ginger-Sesame Seed Chicken over a bed of lettuce, with some of the bread Diana made, when Jake took Diana by the hand and they walked to the open door of her play room.
“So take me on a tour, please.” Jake recognized several of the toys in the cabinet, a few of which Diana had brought out for them to play with over the last several months. “Start with this,” he said laying his hand on the kneeling bench.
“Ah, my first major purchase when I became a Dominant. It cost a pretty penny back then. I knew, because of my size, I needed some way to bring my submissives to my level, equalize the playing field, so to speak. I’d seen kneeling benches before, but wanted one that would actually, well, for lack of a better word, morph, into a whipping post.” With a few movements, Diana had the bench elongated so it now stood upright almost touching the ceiling in what could only be described as a very large X. The kneeling board became a foot rest and the arms and legs extended to allow for the submissive to stand, but still be restrained without resorting to using spreader bars. The padded mid piece where the submissive would have been bent over, now became a padded middle section, while still allowing the genital area and upper chest to be exposed. Around the back, three steps to allow Jade to reach the top of the X where the hand holds and cuffs were fastened.
Jade told Jake to stand on the padded bench. Before he realized, Jade had his shorts and briefs around his ankles and off. She told him to spread his legs. Then a set of padded leather cuffs were closed around his ankles.
“Put your arms up and grab the metal rod across the opening in the hand area.” she instructed Jake. When he complied, she stood on the top step which allowed enough height for her to cuff Jake’s wrists. She climbed down and went around the back of Jake, running her hands across his side and back, then down his ass.
“How does that feel, Jake? Are the cuffs too tight? Too loose?”
Jake shook his head and felt his heart pick up it’s pace.
He felt a stinging slap across his bare ass and his eyes went wide.
“I need the words, sub. You will answer when I ask a question.” Another stinging slap. “Do you understand, sub?”
“Yes,” he replied.
Another stinging sensation across his ass, only this time it wasn’t her hand. He looked back over his shoulder and saw she now held a small rubber flogger in her right hand.
“Yes, Mistress.”
“Good boy… Now answer my questions. How does that feel, sub? Are the cuffs too tight? Too loose?”
“No, Mistress.”
“Good boy… Now there are several things you must remember, sub. First is what happens between a Dominant and submissive is private and will not be spoken of, unless mutually agreed upon in advance.” Although he could see her reflection in the full length mirror that covered one whole wall of the room, Jake couldn’t see what she was taking out of the drawers and shelves of the cabinet.
“Do you understand?” Jade asked.
When she changed from Diana to Mistress Jade, Jake wasn’t sure, but he was sure the change had happened. Diana was now Mistress Jade in all her glory.
“Yes, Mistress.”
Coming around the front and standing on the brace again, Jade reached up and placed a fur lined blindfold over Jake’s eyes, insuring the elastic band around his head was tight and wouldn’t slip. Stepping down she brushed his erect cock where it jutted below the middle padded piece.
“The second thing you have to remember is, what happens between a Dominant and submissive is for the mutual pleasure of both parties. And to insure this, you are given two types of safety nets.” Another stinging slap across his ass, this time with what felt like a wooden paddle.
“The first of these safety nets is a word that lets the Dominant know that the submissive has almost reached a limit. In most cases, unless you have a word you prefer, I like to use the word, yellow. Yellow as in caution. Do you understand?”
“Yes, Mistress”
Another slap. This time with her hand, he can tell. Then that soft hand softly smoothed his stinging, tender ass cheek.
“Good boy. Now, what is the word you will use when you have almost reached a limit?”
“Yellow, Mistress?”
“Good boy,” Mistress Jade purred.
This time, he anticipated the slap on his ass. He waited. None came.
“The third thing you must remember, is when you feel you absolutely can’t continue, you have to do only one thing.” Jake felt Mistress Jade step up again and open his right hand. She then pushed something round and soft into it and retreated down the stairs.
“All you have to do to stop the session is drop the ball you have in your right hand.” Another stinging slap across his ass. This time he had NO idea what she used.
“Do you understand?” Mistress Jade asked again.
“Yes, Mistress,” Jake’s breathing was coming in pants now. He knew his cock was harder then the wood he was restrained to.
“The last thing you have to remember, submissive, if you come… we stop… Do you understand?”
Jake didn’t think he could get the words, out his mouth was so dry. Then he felt the straw touch his lips and he gulped cool liquid.
“Yes, Mistress, I understand.”
“Good boy. Now, let’s have some fun.”

* * *

For the next hour, Mistress Jade put Jake though a routine she had been using for many years on first time submissives. Nothing earth shattering, but Jake had handled it so much better than any other submissive she’d done this to. Usually within the first twenty minutes the men ejaculated and the women orgasmed and the session ended. Jake had lasted the whole hour.
She’d praised him after each exercise, soothing his tender bottom with ice cubes. She also used the ice cubes, held in her mouth, to stimulate his nipples, chest and groin. The icy sensation of the ice, combined with the heat of her tongue, drew groans of excitement from Jake. Next time she’d make sure he had an enema first and then insert a couple cubes in his ass.
Before she undid the cuffs at his wrist and ankles, she removed his blindfold.
“Look, Jake. Look in the mirror and see what I see.” Jade said in a soft voice, her hands caressing his chest, his back and down to his tender butt cheeks.
Jake opened his eyes and tried to focused on his reflection in the mirror. He recognized now some of what he’d seen in Diana’s eyes earlier.
“Do you know what I see when I look at you like this, Jake? I see such a strong, confident, self assured man. Brave and kind. Loving and funny. A man who trusted me completely.”
“I see the man I love, Jake.”
Jade removed the ankle cuffs, then the wrist cuffs. She almost had to pry his fingers open to retrieve her ball. It was mangled and would never be the same. Since she wasn’t sure his legs would support him all the way to her big bed, she led Jake to the small bed against the wall and laid him gently on his side with a pillow between his legs and one for him to hug. She grabbed the bottle of water and pressed the straw to his lips and he drank thirstily. She then kissed him gently and pulled the lightweight cover over him.
“Sleep, my love. I‘ll watch over you.”
Chapter 20
When Diana heard Jake groan and toss the cover aside, she went to the coffee pot and fixed him a cup of coffee. She’d called off for only the second time since she’d started her job ten years ago and wasn’t feeling guilty about it at all. She walked down the hall and leaned her shoulder against he door jamb and watched Jake wake.
When he finally opened his eyes and rolled onto his back, the hiss of air reminded him why he was on his side with a pillow between his knees, hugging a body pillow. When he was able, he swung his feet over the side of the bed and hissed again when his tender ass cheeks hit the bed sheet. He looked up and saw his beautiful angel holding a cup of coffee out to him. He started to reach for it, but she pulled it back and with a wicked grin, waving it back and forth, backed down the hallway.
Jake wasn’t sure his legs would support him, but he leaned on the whipping post, which was now back to being a kneeling bench, picked up his shorts, which were folded on the bench and pulled them on without benefit of the briefs, which he stuffed in the pocket. He followed Diana down the hallway and carefully lowered himself onto the stool at the breakfast bar. He hadn’t felt this wrung out since he finished basic training. But even then, as now, he was exhilarated. Tired, but feeling like a huge weight had been removed from his shoulders. He wasn’t sure how else to describe it.
“What time is it?” he asked after taking his first sip of coffee.
“Still early, yet. It’s only 6:00.” Diana said.
“Six? As in A.M.?”
Diana nodded and sipped her tea, trying to hide her grin.
“Would you like breakfast Jake? I have bagels and can whip up some eggs if you like.”
“Crap, Diana. How long was I out?”
Diana looked at the clock and couldn’t keep the self satisfied smile off her face.
“About ten hours, Jake. I think that’s a record.”
Jake heard the laughter in her voice and thought if he could move, he’d grab her, put her over his knee and paddle her bottom until it was as sore as his.
“I need to find my phone and call in. Let them know I won’t be in today. I take it from your attire, you won‘t be going in either?”
Diana, in her usual yoga pants and one of Jake's tee shirts, shook her head.
“I called and left a message early this morning. I think you’re a bad influence on me Jake. I don’t even call in sick when I am sick. And your phone is right there to your left. It‘s been chirping all morning.”
Jake grabbed his phone, entered his PIN and looked at his messages.
“Shit. They found another girl this morning.” He dialed Mike Cruz who picked up on the second ring. “Talk to me Mike.”
From the one sided conversation Diana could tell that another girl had indeed been found strangled. Mike told Jake that the deceased’s roommate had been away for the weekend and found her when she returned early this morning. The roommate explained that the deceased was submissive, new to the lifestyle and had been corresponding with someone with a strange name. Air-something, the roommate hadn’t remembered exactly.
Jake closed his eyes and blew out a deep breath. “Okay Mike. Meet me at the station in a couple of hours. I think we’ve come up with a plan on how to get this guy.” Jake listened for a moment. “No, I’ll let you know when I get to the station. Yep, see you there,” and then Jake hit the button that disconnected the call.
“Does Mack know where you live, Diana?”
Diana thought about it. In the ten years she’d lived here, she’d never had Mack over. She had never wanted to mix her business and personal life. Maybe she needed to rethink that.
“No Jake, he’s never been here before.”
Jake was glad to know that if Mack hadn’t been to Diana’s house, chances were good that there had never been anything personal between them. He’d wondered after Mack’s thinly veiled threat the other night.
Jake opened his phone and called Lizzie. “Lizzie, you working today? Good, I need you to meet me at my house in thirty minutes.” Silence for a few beats. “No, I can’t explain now, but I will when you get there… uh-huh… Yes… Lizzie! Stop asking questions and get going.”
Then he turned to Diana. “Grab everything you need for a few days. You’re staying at my place.”

* * *

It was forty minutes later by the time they got to Jake’s. Diana had grabbed a few extra clothes, her tea, Jamaica and honey and after setting the house alarm, closed and locked her door. They were quiet on the drive to Jake’s house, Jake constantly scanning for anyone who might be following him. Lizzie’s car was in the drive when they pulled up and Jake grabbed the bags from Diana and hustled her in the house.
Lizzie was sitting at the breakfast table, a glass of tea in front of her, when they walked in, but she stood and immediately hugged Diana and her father. For once she didn’t pepper him with questions and for that, Jake was grateful. Jake knew his daughter well. He had trained her in all manner of fire arms and self defense and knew she was a crack shot. He knew that if anyone tried to come for Diana, Lizzie wouldn’t let him get through the door.
Jake walked to the hall closet and from the top shelf, pulled down a metal lock box. He punched in the combination and opened the box to reveal a snub nosed, .357 Colt Python. He checked the chambers, put the safety on and handed the gun to Lizzie.
“No one gets in this house while I’m gone. Do you understand, Elizabeth?”
Lizzie looked at her father and nodded. She knew that when he called her Elizabeth he was deadly serious.
“I understand, papa.”
Jake kissed his daughter on the forehead and turned to Diana. Placing his hands on her face, he gently kissed her lips. Diana wrapped her arms around his waist, holding on with ever bit of strength she had. She didn’t want him to leave her.
“You have become my life, Diana. I love you and can’t lose you.”
“I love you too Jake. I couldn’t lose you either. Please be careful.”
“I want you to call Mack and have him come. Between he and Lizzie, no one would be stupid enough to try to get to you. And if they tried, lord have mercy on their souls. We‘ll talk when I get home tonight.” And with that, Jake turned and headed for the door. “Set the alarm, Elizabeth and don’t open the door until Mack gets here. I’ll call when I’m on my way home and I call when I’m outside to let you know it’s me.” Before going through the door, Jake turned to Lizzie and with just a hint of humor in his voice, “Oh, and Lizzie… ?”
Lizzie looked at Jake with a question in her eyes. “Yes, papa?”
“What ever you do, DO NOT shot Mack. It’ll just piss him off.”

* * *

Mack arrived at Jake’s house thirty minutes later. He called as he parked his Corvette to let Diana know he was out front and going to do a perimeter check. Diana let Lizzie know that Mack would be walking around the house and Lizzie poured some iced tea in a tall glass to have it ready when Mack came in.
The knock on the door still had Diana jumping, but Lizzie walked to the door, looked at the peep hole and swore under her breath. She opened the door and stood back allowing Mack to enter.
“Holy crap and corruption, you are a biggin’ aren’t you?” were the first words out of Lizzie’s mouth as Mack crossed the thresh hold.
Mack’s gaze swept Lizzie and paused on the snub-nose pistol she held down at her side, finger on the trigger guard.
“You know how to use that Colt, little girl?” Mack asked.
“Probably as well as you do that Glock in your hand, bub. My daddy put my first gun in my hand when I was eight. Kick back knocked me on my ass, but it’s my first, true and lasting love.” Lizzie replied.
Diana watched as Mack’s lips twitched. She knew it would be about as close to a smile as he would get.
Lizzie watched as Mack walked over to Diana, standing close, looking down at her face. He spoke so softly, Lizzie couldn’t make out what he said. Diana nodded, put her hand on Mack’s bicep and squeezed gently.
“Lizzie, I’d like you to meet my friend, Mack. Mack, this is Elizabeth Connor, Jake’s daughter. She prefers to be called Lizzie.”
Mack turned and it was then Lizzie noticed his eyes. She’d been so shocked by his size, she hadn’t noticed them until now. Blue, such an intense blue it was like looking at a propane welder. And the heat in those eyes was no less intense.
“Elizabeth, a pleasure to meet you.” Mack extended his hand.
“It’s Lizzie, and it’s nice to meet you too, Mack. Any friend of Diana’s is a friend of mine.” She placed her small hand in his and it felt like when she was a little girl and walking hand in hand with her father. Small and fragile.
Mack turned back to Diana, gently took her elbow and then both went to sit on the couch. Lizzie asked Mack if he wanted some iced tea and at his nod, went to the kitchen to fetch the glass she’d poured earlier. She put the little snub nose Colt in the holster she had clipped to her waist band. She’d been licensed to carry since she was eighteen, but not concealed. When she picked up the glass, she noticed her hand shake. She quickly put the glass back down and shook her hands out at her side. When she returned to the living room, Mack and Diana were together, heads bent, talking softly. She had to wonder what the real relationship was between the two. She really liked Diana. She’d seen the change in her father since he’d been seeing her and had hopes that the relationship would flourish. But seeing Diana and Mack together caused Lizzie’s stomach to knot.
Lizzie put the glass on the coffee table in front of Mack and took a seat on the loveseat tucking her left leg up underneath her. She watched him as again, Diana laid her hand on Mack’s arm and Lizzie felt a flash of jealousy surge though her body. Damn, she thought, what the hell was going on here?
Mack was aware of every move Elizabeth Connor had made since he’d entered the house. Even when she was in the other room, he could feel her presence. When she’d sat in the chair, he wondered if she had deliberately tucked her left leg under her, canting her body to that side, to leave the holster open and available.
“You have to tell Elizabeth, Diana. She’s here protecting you. You owe it to her to know why and the danger involved.”
“Lizzie…” Lizzie corrected him.
Diana looked at Mack, then to Lizzie, then her eyes settled on the holster and gun at Lizzie’s waist band. Inhaling deeply though her nose, exhale through pursed lips, Diana calmed herself.
“Always the voice of reason aren’t you Mack? And I know you’re correct. But I’m just so embarrassed by all the fuss. And truthfully, I’m angry that Jake dragged both of you into my problems. It wasn’t fair of him without asking my permission.”
“Diana,” Lizzie said softly, “my father loves you very much. And he loves me too, but he knows I can handle myself. He spent the last thirty years training me.” Lizzie missed the look of surprise in Mack’s eyes. It came and went in an instant. “I somehow doubt you could bring a man to his knees as efficiently as I can.”
Mack covered his laughter with a cough. Oh, if Elizabeth only knew how Mistress Jade could bring a man to his knees!
Diana shot Mack a killer look, then turned softer eyes to Lizzie.
“There is someone out there doing bad things to people, Lizzie. And for some reason, I seemed to have been the trigger. Now, Jake and Mack think he’s set his sights on me.”
“By bad things, you mean…?” Lizzie made a rotating motion with her hand that was universally recognized as… ‘care to give me more information?’
“Killing,” Mack supplied, “Strangling, to be exact.”
Diana got off the couch and headed for the kitchen, calling over her shoulder, “Who’s hungry? I need to cook, so actually, I don’t care if you’re hungry or not. I’m cooking!”
Mack looked at Lizzie and shrugged.

* * *

Jake got to the station just before Mike Cruz and called his Director and asked to been seen. The Director told Jake to come when he could. After conferring with Mike, Jake went upstairs and knocked on the door of the Director of Detectives. For the next hour Jake laid out what had been happening, starting with Jasmine Leed’s, then the five strangulations since and the possibility of the others in the Sacramento Area. He didn’t tell the Director anything about who was involved, trying to keep Mistress Jade and the “Play Pen” out of it as much as possible. The Director gave Jake the go-ahead for a sting to try to bring Air-Bender in for questioning. He emphasized that no civilians were to be involved and told Jake to let him know when everything was set. Jake knew the Director was bucking for a promotion and didn’t want to give him the opportunity to use this as a spring board.
After leaving the Director’s office, Jake returned to his office and started making calls to his contact in Sacramento. Detective Dan Brother and Jake worked together in LA and when Dan moved up north they’d stayed in contact.
After dispensing with the pleasantries, Jake got to the point and asked about strangulations in the area, primarily those involving the BDSM community. He could hear Dan typing away at the keyboard and humming under his breath. It was a habit he had that always made Jake smile. Drove everyone else in the office nuts, but it is what we make it.
“Okay, Jakey-boy. There are a total of seven in the last eight years we attribute to the same perp. Not sure if it’s your guy, though. Some DNA found, but no matches when we checked all databases. No fingerprints found on the bodies or scenes. According to the lab and ME, this guy’s a real pro when it comes to cleaning up after himself. At first, he tried disposing of the bodies. Two were found in the Sacramento River Delta, three in the America River. The others were just left in their residences. It seemed he’s started to get a real taste for his little fetish.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t plan on letting him continue honing his craft. He’s pissed me off and I intend to stop him one way or another.” Jake growled.
“Well, good luck to you Jake. When you coming up to visit? I know the wife would love to see you.” Dan asked.
Jake thought about his and Diana’s talk of traveling. Who knows, maybe they could take some time after all this was over and head up north.
“Might be sooner than you think, Dan-o. And if it is, I’ll be bringing my lady with me.”
Jake pulled the phone from his ear as a load crash came over the line.
“Sorry, Jake, dropped the phone… Did you say, ‘Your lady?” Dan asked and Jake could hear the shock in his voice.
“Yeah, sort of shocks me too. It was like a bolt out of the blue, man. I fell and fell hard. I think you and Mary will love her.”
“If you love her, Jake, so will we. Hope to see you and meet her soon. Keep me posted, brother.” And with that, Dan hung up the phone. They never said good-bye. Just “keep me posted.”
Chapter 21
Over the next three weeks, Jake had Mistress Jade contact Air-Bender and do what she would normally do when taking on a new submissive. Jade sent all the questionnaires and when they were returned Jake took them to have them checked out. All the information, with the exception of one address in Sacramento came back fake. But at least now, they had what they hoped was a name. William Penn.
Dan had sent a couple of detectives to the address listed on the questionnaire which was in a nice residential area The home had belonged to the Penn family for more than forty years. The neighbors remembered the family as being very religious and remembered William as a quiet child most of the time, the only son, who was prone to outbursts of anger. He was the youngest child with five older sisters. The elder Penn’s had passed about ten years ago in a tragic home invasion robbery gone bad. Both had been found in their beds, strangled.
Jake had Jade set up and appointment with Air-Bender on a Thursday ten days away. Then he hand picked a group to help him take down William Penn, including a police woman who would act as Mistress Jade. Two days before the scheduled appointment, the team was huddled together in Mistress Jade’s office at the club to go over the plan.
Prior to everyone coming in, Mack had made sure that all the windows looking into all rooms not being used were covered and anything that might reveal the true nature of the club was put away. After Jake consulted with the District Attorney and gotten to OK, Mack had installed extra camera’s in the one room they would be using, adding sound equipment that would record anything said. They didn’t want anything to hamper the prosecution of Air-Bender. He and Jake would be in the control room and the take-down teams would be in two other rooms that had been emptied of all equipment.
When the police woman came in wearing her “Mistress Jade” disguise, Jade and Mack looked at each other silently.
“This won’t work, Captain.” Diana was also in her Mistress Jade “disguise” of black wig, brown contacts, heavy makeup, black bustier, garters and black hose covered by a long, sheer fabric skirt, slit in the front. One button on the belt held the skirt in place around her waist. Five inch stiletto CFM shoes on her feet.
“What do you mean, it won’t work, Mistress?” Jake asked knowing that the other men in the room were looking back and forth between Jade and the decoy. A few shifted uncomfortably. Jake figured more than half of them were as hard as he was just looking at Mistress Jade.
“I mean, Captain, she will not work.”
“Hey, just wait a…” the decoy started to protest. Then snapped her mouth shut when Mistress Jade swung her head around and leveled her with a look.
“Explain please, Mistress.” Jake said quietly.
“She’s submissive.” Mack said quietly.
“She’s a good officer.” Jake replied quietly, trying to understand.
When the decoy started to thank Jake, Mistress Jade quelled her with another look. The young police woman snapped her mouth closed and lowered her eyes.
“Any other questions, Captain?” Mack asked, humor lacing his voice.
Mistress Jade turned her head to look at Jake and raised her eyebrows and cocked her head, in an “I told you so” expression that Jake recognized.
Jade hated the fact that she was going against Jake in front of a room full of his co-workers, but Mistress Jade knew she couldn‘t back down.
Quietly, dropping her voice to it’s most seductive tone, she explained, “Captain, Air-Bender will recognize her for what she is the second he walks through the door. He knows Me, remember, and we will lose what may be our only chance to get him. I am sure she is a wonderful person and an exceptional officer.” Jade added to mollify the officer, “But she is submissive. So, unless you can find another female officer, a Dominant female officer, I am going to have to be the one to do this.”
Both Jake and Mack tensed.
Mack knew, Mistress Jade was right. He didn’t like the idea that she would be putting herself in danger, but the young police woman was too submissive to play the part. Even with all the police here, there was no guarantee of Mistress’s safety.
“Mistress, may I speak with you privately, please?”
Without waiting for a response, Jake went to the door that lead to the control room, opened the door and let Jade precede him.
“Damn it, Diana,” Jake lowered his voice as soon as the door closed, “You can’t seriously think that I would allow you to meet this nut-job by yourself, do you? We don’t know if he will be carrying a weapon or what. I can’t put you in a situation like that.”
“I trust you, my love.” Jade stepped close and put her hands on each side of his face, her thumbs caressing his mustache She leaned forward to kiss him gently on the lips. With her heels on, she didn’t need to go on tiptoe.
“I know that no matter what, you won’t let anything happen to me. Let me do this, Jake. I know I can do this.”
“I need to get this cleared by the Director. Normally, we wouldn’t allow civilians to be this involved with a sting of this kind.” Jake pulled out his phone and unlocked it.
“Jake? What is the Directors name?” she asked.
When Jake told her, he was looking down at his phone and didn’t see the smile cross her lips. While Jake got the Director on the line and tried to explain, Jade could hear the tone of voice coming through the phone and knew Jake didn‘t have a chance of convincing his boss of the plan. Jade tapped Jake’s arm and reaching up, took the phone from his hand. Then she took several steps away and turned her back.
“Director, this is Mistress Jade.” she used the sultry voice she knew was instantly recognizable. Jake heard nothing. Dead silence from the other end of the line. “Director, are you there?” Jade smiled. “Good boy. Please let Captain Connor know that you have changed your mind and I will be allowed to participate in this operation. Do you understand? Thank you and… see you next month.” With that, Jade handed the phone back to Jake and with a little wiggle of her ass, Jake watched her leave the room. Jake put the phone to his ear and listened as the director approved the plan, telling Jake to do anything necessary to insure Mistress Jade’s safety, then hung up the phone. Jake stared at the now silent phone in his hand, threw back his head and roared with laughter.

* * *

All things considered, the arrest of William Penn went off without a hitch. Mistress Jade had met him at the front door and led him up to the room where a kneeling bench stood in the center of the room. After entering, she turned and locked the door. Jake and Mack both saw and swore under their breaths. Locking the door had not been part of the plan.
After having him strip and kneel over the bench, Jade cuffed his wrists and ankles. She then walked to a cabinet and pulled down a flogger, spanking gloves and paddle. The flogger was rubber, with ten, flat, half inch tails. The paddle was about eighteen inches in length, the handle being around six inches. There was a leather thong through a hole at the end of the handle that She slipped over her wrist. Along the remaining of length of the paddle were small cut outs of a moon and stars. Carpenter tacks were imbedded in a swirling air pattern, their heads raise about ¼ inch.
Mistress Jade swung the flogger lightly bringing it down across his ass.
“How does that feel, sub? Are the cuffs too tight? Too loose?”
Air-bender shook his head..
Mistress Jade gave him stinging slap with the flogger across his bare ass and his eyes closed.
“I need the words, sub. You will answer when I ask a question.” Another stinging slap lower this time. The top of his thighs. “Do you understand, sub?”
Jake recognized the same routine Diana had used on him the first time they played. But this was different. Every word was said through clenched teeth.
“Yes, Mistress.”
“Good… Now answer my questions. How does that feel, sub? Are the cuffs too tight? Too loose?”
“No, Mistress.”
“Good… Now there are several things you must remember, sub. First is what happens between a Dominant and submissive belongs to the Dominant. It is Hers to do with as She pleases.”
“Do you understand?” Jade asked swinging the flogger across his back.
“Yes, Mistress.” Bingo! Jake thought. Mistress Jade got Williams agreement that anything said could be used with Mistress Jade‘s permission.
“The second thing you have to remember is, what happens between a Dominant and submissive is for the pleasure of the Mistress. And to insure this, you are given NO safety words.” Another stinging slap across his ass, this time with the wooden paddle.
“Do you understand?”
“Yes, Mistress”
“The third thing you must remember, is when you feel you absolutely cannot continue… tough. You are Mine to do with as I please.”
“Do you understand?” Mistress Jade asked again.
“Yes, Mistress,”
“The last thing you have to remember, submissive, if you come… we stop… Do you understand?”
“Yes, Mistress, I understand.”
“Good. Now, let’s have some fun.”
Not using much force, Jade swung the paddle across Air-Benders ass cheeks and asked him to tell Her what he’d done to Jasmine. When she didn’t get a response, she swung the paddle again. Harder.
In the control room, two officers moaned and shifted uncomfortably at the sound of wood striking bare flesh. Jake threw a look over his shoulder and the officers blushed.
Back in the room, William Penn started to talk. He told Mistress Jade he’d met Jasmine on line and wanted to try breath-play. Jade pulled back the paddle and spanked him once. Then again.
“Tell Me what you did to her, sub! Tell Me or I will stop and never allow you here again!”
William must have recognized, by the tone of Her voice, he needed to tell Her everything. And he did. Gladly. He told Jade that Jasmine had lied to him about knowing breath play. He said he didn’t mean to hurt her at first. But he’d been angry when she‘d begged him to stop.
Jade pulled back and let the paddle fly again, using more force.
“Who else have you hurt, sub!”
Over the next twenty minutes, William Penn admitted to killing a total of fifteen people, including his parents. Jade knew that she had everything Jake would need to put Air-bender away for a long time. She knew she should stop, she could hear the pounding of fists on the door.
Mistress Jade brought back the paddle one last time. With all the strength she could muster, with as much force as she could, before the deputies broke down the door and stormed into the room, she let it fly. When the paddle struck his ass cheeks, she heard the wood crack. And William Penn ejaculated.
Then in typical submissive fashion, he asked for another.
Jade turned, threw the paddle in the trash can, walked to the door and unlocked it.
Jake was the first one through the door, having left the control room when William Penn confessed. Not caring who was watching he scooped up Jade and rushed with her out the door and heading for her office. Jake sat on the couch in Jades office and soothed her with soft words and caresses.
Mack was the only other person in the room.
“Burn everything that touched him please, Mack. Including the bench. Have the room closed off until I can figure out what to do with it.”
“I’ll take care of it, Mistress.“ He poured her a glass of hibiscus tea and knelt before her, holding a straw to her lips. After taking a long drink, Jade thanked him and he rose, and returned to the control room.
Jade turned to look into Jakes dark brown eyes.
Jade looked shell shocked. “He’s not sane, is he Jake?” she asked her voice small and quiet.
“No, babe, I don’t think he is.”
“I’ve never hit anyone in anger before. But truth be told, I didn’t want to stop. I really wanted to hurt him. I only stopped because I knew for me to continue was what he wanted. It was bringing him pleasure. He doesn’t deserve it to feel pleasure ever again. I want to go home, Jake. Can we go home, please?”
Jake looked around and called Mack back into the room. “Would you take Diana back to my house Mack. I need to head to the station and get everything taken care of.”
Mack nodded and gently helped Jade to her feet. He placed his arm around her waist to help keep her upright. “And Mack, would you please stay with her until I get there?”
“Goes without saying, Captain.”

* * *

Jake had called and Lizzie was waiting in the open doorway when Mack lifted Diana out of his Corvette and carried her into the house. Because he’d been here before, he knew the layout and walked directly to the bedroom. Standing Diana on her feet, he turned to see the look of curiosity on Elizabeth’s face.
“Elizabeth, would you help Diana change, please and make sure she gets into bed? She’s had a… um… rough night.” then kissing Diana on the top of her wig, he set her on the side of the bed and retreated to the living room.
Lizzie walked over to Diana, pushing her softly to sit on the bed and kneeled before her. She took both of Diana’s hands in hers and when Diana was finally able to meet Lizzie’s eyes, Lizzie recognized the look of shock when she saw it. She’d seen it many times in the eyes of accident victims or their relatives. Lizzie immediately went into her nurse mode. She stood and went to the bureau and pulled out one of her father’s tee shirts. She’d seen Diana wearing them numerous times and knew it would comfort her.
“Let’s get this stuff off you, Diana.” Slowly Lizzie’s fingers started searching for the pins that held the wig on Diana’s head. She pulled them out and gently lifted the wig off her head, taking the nylon hair cover with it. “That must be a relief to have that thing off. It must be really hot.” Lizzie continued talking to Diana as if she were a child. “Wow, I love this bustier and if I thought it would fit me, I’d ask to borrow it.” Lizzie saw the little smile flit across Diana’s lips. “Okay, we’re going to stand you up now. There you go. Good girl. Turn around and I’ll unhook you. There you go.”
For the next ten minutes, Lizzie kept up a string of useless prattle, watching carefully as Diana’s eyes cleared. When she got the bustier and garters unhooked and the nylons down and off Diana’s legs, she pulled the tee shirt over Diana’s head. She pulled down the spread and folded back the sheet. Diana crawled to the middle of the bed, settled herself on the pillow, before grabbing Jake’s pillow and hugging it to her chest. Lizzie watched as she fell asleep. She picked up the discarded outfit, examining everything, before folding everything as best she could and laying it on the bureau. She left the dimmest light burning, but turned off the overhead and left the room, leaving the door open a couple of inches in case Diana woke and needed her.
Lizzie, stormed barefoot into the living room where Mack was standing in front of the TV, channel surfing, a glass of ice tea sitting on the coffee table behind him. She came toe to toe with the six foot, four inch hunk of total maleness and with her index finger, poked him in the chest.
“You damn well better tell me what’s going on, Mr. Mack! Why was Diana dressed like that? And where the hell is my father!?” She whispered vehemently, not wanting to wake Diana.
Mack looked down at the little sprite, jabbing her finger into his chest. He didn’t know one man that would dare talk to him the way she was, much less touch him as she’d just done. Damn, this woman intrigued him.
“Mr. Mack?” Mack questioned, one eyebrow arching towards his hairline.
“Well, I don’t know your last name. Or maybe Mack is your last name. How do I know!?” Jabbing her finger against his chest with every word she said.
“Now” jab “Tell” jab “Me” jab “What’s” jab “Going” jab “On”. Before she could jab him again, Mack picked her up and threw her on the couch, coming down on top of her.
“Uhff! Get off me you big lug!” Lizzie bucked and executed a move that was guaranteed to throw off any attacker.
Unfortunately, Mack wasn’t just any attacker. He was a foot taller and at least a hundred pounds heavier. He grabbed both her wrists, and held them above her head, pressing his body into her, effectively pinning her beneath him. It was then he realized his mistake.
Lizzie went still when she felt the length of his erection pressing against her core. She looked up into Mack’s eyes and saw the blaze erupt. Her breath caught in her chest. Her throat suddenly went dry and she had to lick her lips.
Mack groaned as his eyes locked onto her tongue darting out to moisten her lips. “Damn it, Elizabeth. I almost had it under control.” And before she could ask “what” Mack dipped his head and touched his lips to hers. It was the most tender kiss Lizzie could ever remember receiving.
Mack raised his head and looked into her beautiful brown eyes. Her lovely face reminded him of a young Audrey Hepburn. Not “Breakfast at Tiffany’s” Audrey, but ‘Sabrina‘, pre-Paris Audrey. Mack started to lower his head to kiss her again, but stopped just short of contact. He cocked his head and started to lever himself off her.
“Daddy’s home.”

* * *

Jake walked in the door and nodded to Mack who was sitting on the love seat, a glass of ice tea in his hand. Lizzie was on the couch, right leg crossed over her left, and her arms crossed around her mid-section. Looking at them, Jake nodded. Something was off here.
Mack was able to get his body under control, but just barely. He didn’t want to greet Jake at the door with his camo’s tented. Jake might get the wrong idea. Or figure out the right one. Mack stood and walked over to Jake, extending his hand.
“Good work tonight, Captain. What do you think the chance are that Mr. Penn will be convicted”
Jake shook Mack’s hand. “DA thinks it will be a slam-dunk. Between the confession and the DNA we were able to get when he ejaculated we can tie him to several of the other murders.” Jake motioned with his head towards the bedroom. “How’s she doing?”
Lizzie stood up then, walking around Mack to face her father. “I’d say she has a mild case of shock, but other than that, she should be okay. She was sleeping a while ago. I can‘t wait to hear the story, but tonight, I think you need to climb into bed with Diana and hold her. As much for her as for you. You look like hell, papa.”
Jake enfolded Lizzie in a bear hug, kissed her on the cheek and thanking her for being there. He then opened the door and walked both Mack and Lizzie out. He stood and watched Lizzie get into her car. He watched as Mack watched Lizzie and wondered what he interrupted. Lizzie flashed her lights, backed out of the drive way and left. Mack stood staring after her retreating tail-lights.

* * *

Jake walked back to the house, locking the door behind him and set the alarm. He walked to the cabinet and poured himself a generous two fingers of scotch and carried it through to the master bathroom, not turning on the lights. He could hear Diana’s deep regular breathes letting him know she was still asleep. He stripped, turned on the shower, took a sip of scotch and tested the water. When it was the right temperature, he walked into the shower and let the water flow over him, washing away the filth he felt after dealing with Mr. Penn. He should probably have taken a swim first, but was so tired all he wanted was to get into bed and sleep for the next twenty-four hours. When he felt clean, he turned off the water and quickly toweled off. He picked up the glass and downed the remainder of the scotch, feeling it burn down his throat and warm his belly.
He walked to the bed and so as not to disturb Diana, carefully pulled back the covers and slide across the sheets so his front was to her back. Diana immediately turned and snuggled into his chest, her hand coming to rest on over his heart. He felt his cock start to swell and as much as he didn’t want to wake her, Jake needed the assurance that she was safe and with him. He slowly started laying feather light kisses against her forehead, kissing each eye lid, trailing kisses down her nose to her lips. He felt, more than heard her purr as her arms came around his neck and brought him with her as she rolled onto her back.
He gently caressed her breasts, pinching and pulling the nipples until they were hard as diamonds. Then gently he ran his hands down over her belly to the smooth mound, finding her little pleasure button already starting to swell. He dipped lower between her labia making sure she was wet and ready for him. He mounted her straddling her waist and placed his cock in the valley between her breasts. Diana then squeezed them together. Slowly he started fucking her breasts. Diana released her breasts long enough to pull a pillow behind her head. Each time Jake’s cock head pushed out, she licked and sucked it. The sight of his cock fucking her breasts and her tongue teasing him was so damned erotic, Jake felt himself on the brink. He pulled his cock from between her generous breasts and moved down her body, slamming into her warmth. Whoever said that after fifty the sex drive diminished or wasn’t as strong didn’t know his Diana, Jake thought. She could give a dead man a hard on she was so beautiful. He continued his thrusts until her little squeaks and moans signaled she was close to completion. Then her insides contracted, and with one final push, Jake’s cock hit her cervix and he came.
Diana woke early the next morning and pulling a sports bra and panties out of the drawer, went out back to do her morning yoga routine. Jake came out when she was half way though, not bothering with clothes at all. He walked into the pool and started doing his laps. When Diana finished her final salutation, she pulled off the bra and undies and walked to the stairs and down into the pool. She swam a few laps staying out of Jake’s way and when he’d completed his hundred laps, they met in the deep end and floated next to each other holding hands. They finally made their way to the shallow end, up the stairs and into the bathroom for a shower. They kissed and caressed under the pulsating shower heads, Diana going to her knees to make love to Jake with her hands, tongue and mouth. After he’d come he had her sit on the built in bench and proceeded to repay the favor. After she’d reach for and obtained her summit, Jake picked her up, wrapped a towel around her and carried her to the bed.
“Hmm, Jake, we’ll get the sheets wet.”
“Don’t worry about it love, they’ll dry.”
“Hmm, that’s true.” Diana yawned.
“You know what I love about you, Diana?” Jake asked taking her hand and placing small nipping kisses against her fingers.
“Hmmm?” Diana was just almost too limp and satisfied to get her tongue to work. “You mean besides my sparkling personality? My warped sense of humor? The way I swing a mean paddle?”
“Well, yeah, all that too. But I love that we don’t have to constantly talk. That we are comfortable enough that we don’t need noise. You are a balm to my soul.”
Jake rolled over and opened the nightstand drawer. He pulled out the square jewelers’ box he’d planned to give her several weeks earlier. He picked up her left hand, opened the box and took out the beautiful marquee cut diamond ring and slipped it over her ring finger. It fit perfectly. Thank goodness for Lizzie. She’d helped Jake with the size after he’d told her his plan to ask Diana to marry him.
“I know it hasn’t been all that long, Diana, but I can’t imagine my life without you in it. I would be honored if you would agree to be my wife.”
Diana sat up, the towel falling to her waist and stared at the ring now gracing her finger. She looked at Jake with tears in her eyes, then launched herself at him. Wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him senseless.
“I would be honored to marry you Jake!” she told him between kisses. “I love you more than I ever thought I would love any man. You have become my best friend and my reason for living. But we don’t have to get married if you don’t want to. We can just live in sin for the next fifty or sixty year.” she kissed him again.
“I know you said you didn’t see yourself getting married when we first met, but I want that commitment with you. You are my life and my heart. And I don’t want the chance that you might get away. Personally, I think Mack might break me in two if I don’t ask his permission first, though.” Jake chuckled.
“I don’t think you’re going to have to worry about Mack, Jake. I have a feeling he’s going to have his hands full very soon.” Diana said cryptically.


Thank you for reading Jade, Diana and Jake’s story.

The next book in the series is Onyx, Lizzie and Mack’s story. Here is a small preview.
Onyx
Lizzie was waiting in the open doorway while Mack lifted Diana out of his Corvette and carried her into the house. Because he’d been here before, he knew the layout and walked directly to the bedroom. Standing Diana on her feet, he turned to see the look of curiosity on Elizabeth’s face.
“Elizabeth, would you help Diana change, please and make sure she gets into bed? She’s had a… um… rough night.” Then he kissed Diana on the top of her wig, before retreating to the living room.
Lizzie walked over to Diana, pushing her softly to sit on the bed and knelt before her. She took both of Diana’s hands in hers and when Diana was finally able to met Lizzie’s eyes, Lizzie recognized the look of shock there. She’d seen it many times in the eyes of accident victims or their relatives when they came into the emergency room or surgical waiting room where she worked. Lizzie immediately went into nurse mode. She stood and went to the bureau and pulled out one of her father’s tee shirts. She’d seen Diana wearing them numerous times and knew it would comfort her.
“Let’s get this stuff off you, Diana.” Slowly Lizzie’s fingers started searching for the pins that held the wig on Diana’s head. She pulled them out and gently lifted the wig off her head, taking the nylon hair cover with it. “That must be a relief to have that thing off. It must be really hot.” Lizzie continued talking to Diana as if she were a child. “Wow, I love this bustier and if I thought it would fit me, I’d ask to borrow it.” Lizzie saw the little smile flit across Diana’s lips. “Okay, we’re going to stand you up now. There you go. Good girl. Turn around and I’ll unhook you. There you go.”
For the next ten minutes, Lizzie kept up a string of useless prattle, watching carefully as Diana’s eyes cleared. When she got the bustier and garters unhooked and the nylons down and off Diana’s legs, she pulled the tee shirt over Diana’s head. She pulled down the spread and folded back the sheet. Diana crawled to the middle of the bed, settled her head on the pillow, before grabbing Jake’s pillow and hugging it to her chest. Lizzie watched and waited until she fell asleep. She picked up the discarded outfit, examining it, from the beautiful bead work to the custom hand stitching, before folding everything as best she could and laying it on the bureau. She left the dimmest light burning, but turned off the overhead and left the room, leaving the door open a couple of inches in case Diana woke and needed her.
Lizzie, stormed barefoot into the living room where Mack was standing in front of the TV, channel surfing, a glass of ice tea sitting, forgotten, on the coffee table behind him. She came toe to toe with the six foot, four inch hunk of total maleness and with her index finger, poked him in the chest.
“You damn well better tell me what’s going on, Mr… Mack! Why was Diana dressed like that? And where the hell is my father!?” She whispered vehemently, not wanting to wake Diana.
Mack looked down at the little sprite, jabbing her finger into his chest. He didn’t know one man that would dare talk to him the way she was, much less touch him as she’d just done. Damn, this woman intrigued him.
“Mr. ‘Mack‘?” Mack questioned, one eyebrow arching towards his hairline.
“Well, I don’t know your last name. Or maybe Mack is your last name. How do I know!?” Jabbing her finger against his chest with every word she said.
“Now” jab “Tell” jab “Me” jab “What’s” jab “Going” jab “On”… Before she could jab him again, Mack picked her up and threw her on the couch, coming down on top of her.
“Uhff! Get off me you big lug!” Lizzie bucked and executed a move that was guaranteed to throw off any adversary.
Unfortunately, Mack wasn’t just any adversary. He was a half a foot taller and almost a hundred pounds heavier. He grabbed both her wrists, and held them above her head, pressing his body into her, effectively pinning her beneath him. It was then he realized his mistake.
Lizzie went still when she felt the length of his erection pressing against her core. She looked up into Mack’s eyes and saw the blue blaze erupt. Her breath caught in her chest. Her throat suddenly went dry and she had to lick her lips.
Mack groaned as his eyes locked onto her tongue darting out to moisten her lips. “Damn it, Elizabeth. I almost had it under control.” And before she could ask, Mack dipped his head and touched his lips to hers. It was the most tender kiss Lizzie could ever remember receiving.
Mack raised his head and looked into her beautiful brown eyes. Her lovely little pixie face reminded him of a young Audrey Hepburn. Not “Breakfast at Tiffany’s” Audrey, but ‘Sabrina‘, pre-Paris Audrey. All innocence. Mack started to lower his head to kiss her again, but stopped just short of contact. He cocked his head and started to lever himself off her.
“Daddy’s home.”

* * *

Jake walked in the door and nodded to Mack who was sitting on the love seat, a glass of ice tea in his hand. Lizzie was on the couch, right leg crossed over her left, foot pumping a mile a minute and her arms crossed around her mid-section. Looking at them, Jake nodded. Something was off here.
Mack was able to get his body under control, but just barely. He didn’t want to greet Jake at the door with his camo’s tented. Jake might get the wrong idea. Or figure out the right one. Mack stood and walked over to Jake, extending his hand.
“Good work tonight, Captain. What do you think the chance are that Mr. Penn will be convicted”
Jake shook Mack’s hand. “DA thinks it will be a slam-dunk. Between the confession and the DNA we were able to get when he ejaculated we can tie him to several of the other murders.” Jake motioned with his head towards the bedroom. “How’s she doing?”
Lizzie stood up then, walking around Mack to face her father. “I’d say she has a mild case of shock, but other than that, she should be okay. She was sleeping a while ago. I can‘t wait to hear the story, but tonight, I think you need to climb into bed with Diana and hold her. As much for her as for you. You look like hell, papa.”
Jake enfolded Lizzie in a bear hug, kissed her on the cheek and thanking her for being there. He then opened the door and walked both Mack and Lizzie out. He stood and watched Lizzie get into her car. He watched as Mack watched Lizzie and wondered what he’d interrupted. Lizzie flashed her lights, backed out of the drive way and left. Mack stood staring after her retreating tail-lights.

Want to know when the next book in this series will be released? Log into my face book page or go to my web page.

https://www.maag47.com/

www.facebook.com/Ma.silver.982
click the Precious Gems page

