


Jiana Awakens


The Legends of Greenstone
Book one


Eben MacManus




I would like to thank my wife, Jean, for her encouragement and help with this project, and a special thanks also to all my family and friends for their encouragement.


AIt is better to love wisely, no doubt: but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all.@
William Makepeace Thackeray
Vanity Fair



Copyright 8 2018 by Eben MacManus
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof
may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever
without the express written permission of the publisher
except for the use of brief quotations for review.
Printed in the United States of America
First Printing, 2018

ISBN: 978-1731354167 


Contact:  eben@ebenmacmanus.com




Prologue


The wind pulled Jiana’s mahogany hair into long streamlets behind her; under her the steady pounding of a stallion=s hooves strummed against the ground. The rhythmic flexing of the massive muscles between her knees matched the intoxicating concert of the hooves against the roadway.  
She awoke from the dream with a start, as though someone had called out to her. For a second she remained still, opened eyes scanning the room to confirm that she was indeed alone in her bedroom. She closed them again immediately upon seeing the room empty and tried desperately to fall back into that sweet dream but only managed to create a slew of mangled memories. She had chosen Bellicose, or more likely, been chosen by the stallion, when he was merely a yearling. A gift from her father on her sixteenth birthday. After breakfast that morning he rose from the table swiping a napkin across his lips and turned away.  She remembered her devastation that he had said nothing about her birthday.
AOh. Oh yeah,@ he half turned around. AI almost forgot. Go to the stable, you may pick any horse you want.@
That she managed to mind her manners and excuse herself from the table testified that at least some of her training in etiquette had not been wasted. She grabbed her father in a huge hug, kissed his cheek, and dashed without stopping the entire distance to the stables. Emily, her maid-servant, arrived breathless a minute later, by which time Jay had investigated a third of one side of the building, walking down the aisle peeking through the oak bars at each of the inhabitants. 
Emily stood in the doorway with her hands on her knees, panting, AWhat the Hades,@ she gasped, AI never saw you run so fast.@
ALook,@ Jay answered pointing at a stall. 
The coat of the stallion she indicated nearly matched her hair color. Still barely more than a colt, he already stood at least 15 hands. Except for white socks his coat was a burnished russet. Deep chestnut would perhaps be the best description. When Emily approached, the watched the two girls warily but without fear. When Jay climbed on the rail, he arched his neck and threw his head back, whinnying. He leaped forward at the same time, rearing slightly and stamping his feet. The stable master came quietly up behind them. Apprised earlier of the purpose for her visit this morning, he spoke quietly, AThat one is trouble Miss Jiana. No one has been able to ride him yet. He=s wild, he bites, and he kicks. You don=t want a horse like that.@
Too late the warning, because she did want a horse just like that. This horse. More to the point, the horse wanted her; she sensed that with some instinct beyond human definition. She climbed the gate and dropped lightly into the stall. The yearling pricked up his ears and stepped back but did not accost her. The next moment she leaned close to him, gently caressing his neck and whispering in his ear. Silly that she had not thought to bring an apple or carrot, but in truth this stallion would not be susceptible to bribes. She petted and spoke to him for several minutes until his head lowered and he nickered softly in response. With her free hand she slipped a set of reins hanging on the wall and revealed them to the horse. Satisfied that he was not afraid, she slid the bit into his mouth and motioned the stable master to open the gate. The man’s eyes were nearly as large as the horse=s but he followed her instructions with a simple, AMy Lady?@ 
When they reached the yard, she spent several minutes merely leading him around the perimeter. Eventually he turned his head and nuzzled her shoulder. She lightly patted his neck one final time and bounded upon his bare-back before he could change his mind. He bucked forward on stiffened forelegs once and reared high one time, more just to determine if she was worthy than anything else. He turned as if to bite her leg, but just shook his head. Bursting into a run he veered sharply and leapt the fence with room to spare. Jay pressed her knees hard into his flank and grabbed his flowing mane with one hand. She hung on in exhilaration as he navigated through the castle at a rapid canter. Past the startled guards and out the main gate where he broke into a gallop for at least a league across field and stream and fence. Eventually they came to a road that lead back to the castle. He stopped, panting slightly. Waited for her orders.
The test was complete - Jiana had passed. 
Of course, her father had tried to renege on his promise of, APick any horse,@ after the stable master advised him of her pick. But by sixteen, daughters are not without their wiles for handling doting fathers. The horse became hers despite his better judgement. AYou be careful,@ he advised, Aif you get hurt it will kill me.@
She recalled laughing all the way back to the stables. Then she had Emily pick her own horse. 
AYou can’t do that, Emily protested, Athese are not yours to give away.@
AMy father gave me a horse. So…he wants me to ride. Your job is to be with me… So... you must ride too. So… you need a horse.@
APick a horse, A she ordered when Emily still hesitated. 
Emily chose a smaller and gentler mare, and thanked Jay profusely.
Jay later learned that Emily had, when the chance occurred, cleared the gift with Lord Le Baud. He told her that from this point on she should always assume that Jiana=s word was his word. And she was most certainly welcome to the mare.
Her head back on the pillow, she closed her eyes tightly, yet a few tears managed to seep down her cheeks despite her best attempts to prevent them. Lord Le Baud was a memory now. She could find her father now only in her dreams or daydreams. Yesterday they had buried him.

 


Chapter 1			
Titania, Capital of Ioneas


Of the four capital cities on Terra, only Titania managed a reputation as attractive and welcoming. Edon having had occasion to visit all four at least once, saw no reason to disagreed with the common opinion, not that he found the city devoid of character or intrigue. 
The second capital city in eastern Ioneas, Neptunia, from which Edon had just travelled, having spent the last year patrolling harbor and shoreline against Viken raiders (at a pay of two silvers a month), was more like a city-state tucked between the eastern provinces of Ioneas. The higher province, Saturia, was administered by Lord Herik Le Baud, and the larger southern one was ruled by Queen Daniela, who technically ruled over all the East including Herik. 
The city of Neptunia, itself, was ruled and regulated by the High Council of Mages, right down to the least horse flatulence. That made the city very safe perhaps, but everlastingly and incurably boring. Even the architecture was boring, square and blocky, what the mages termed, Amodern pragmatic.@ If questioned, Edon would have named it modern mundane. The other two capitals, Sandia to the west, and Oslando, the Viken city across the East Sea, Edon had long ago determined were best to avoid whenever possible.
By default then, Titania came to be Edon=s preferred locale for a furlough. Vast, bustling, clean for the most part, Titania percolated with the scents and flavors of a trading city and manifested the rare charm of citizens who knew how to throw a festival.  In addition, in the early morning, when the sun rose over the East Sea, the gilded spires of the nine temples of Isman bounced the yellow rays amongst themselves until the sky radiated a golden hue. The first time he had witnessed the spectacle, the younger Edon had associated the glow with heaven itself. Of course, since he had run away to become mercer at the age of fourteen - after taking the head off the shoulders of one of his mother=s Aman-friends,@ - he harbored no expectation of seeing a real heaven. So, he had to make do, even if heaven smelt of fish and salt-water some mornings.  
The prosperity of the city was due in large part to the beneficent natures of the various queens who had ruled the eastern half of Ioneas since the War of Fire. The current queen, Daniela, was ostensibly much more interested in wealth than in the acquisition of power. Wealth of course bought power, but Daniela, grounded in the lessons of her predecessors, used her tax appropriations wisely, keeping the streets cleaned daily by patrols of uniformed, shovel-carrying slaves who followed ox carts into which were dumped the refuse and trash from both animals and humans. Daniela supported the bustling commerce with an administration that was both as maximally efficient, and minimally corrupt as she could contrive.  The reins were loose so to speak, but the grip was not lax.
The tavern Edon preferred to frequent when visiting Titania, like the typical tavern, advertised its presence by hanging a shield-shaped plaque above the door.  On this particular shield a painted knight in armor slowly peeled away, and the lettering, A The Queen=s Knight@ was barely legible. Edon was unaware who had named the tavern, or why, because he was relatively certain that the Queen had never so much as passed by in the street, and her knights most likely would have never been inside - unless to drag out some miscreant for a constable who might possess a warrant but who lacked the courage (or foolhardiness) to venture inside.  
Lawmen shunned the interior for good reason, the dark barroom was a habitat for mercers such as Edon treating themselves to a holiday, or ones who had ventured in searching for employment.  Mercers by and large carried a well-earned reputation as truculent when sober, but when drunk, touchy to outright impetuous. Dangerous quarry for a mere constable, even one backed by several deputies. Furthermore, a good many mercers were wont to rise in defense of a brother against any stranger. However, Edon imagined that even the most drunk and disorderly warrior would think twice before bucking the royal authority of a knight. In any case, Edon strongly suspected that Hadwin, the towering ex-mercer who now ran the tavern, would personally come over the oaken bar with his oaken cudgel and beat a modicum of sense into any offender who might be so stupid. Still, in a half-dozen visits Edon had never seen a knight enter the tavern. 
 The couple of patrons scattered around the tables at this early hour were availing themselves of breakfast.  Edon sat behind the bar where he had a view of the entire room and all doors (a spot no other patron would dare aspire to occupy).  Edon ate sparingly, a boiled egg, slice of black bread and a mug of hot, black kaffe. Hadwin had grown somewhat since Edon=s last sojourn. Edon smiled at his observation, growth of girth was not unusual for a man who retired into a line of work less arduous than freelance soldering, plus one with generous quantities of both food and ale available. Still, the retired mercer wasn=t getting any shorter and towered even over Edon=s two meters and 15 stone, leaving little doubt that Hadwin could still wield his staff with the same lethality as in the old days when they had soldiered together in Tobias= Black Angels.
AHow was Neptunia?@ Hadwin=s voice was as large as the man himself, deep with a nasal raspiness.
ADreary and boring. The people there are stiffer than toy wooden soldiers,@ he paused remembering the drab beige block buildings with people who avoided any eye contact, Aat least on the coast there was a bit of freedom from the mages.@
AVikens?
ANo, we had no real trouble, saw a couple of ships once or twice.@
AScared them away, heh?@
APerhaps.@ Edon smiled and pushed his stool back to leave.AFarewell today, my friend,@ he added rising from the bar.
AAnd you. Enjoy the festival.@
  Since the tavern was run by a retired mercer courting former comrades as clients, the floors were clean, and the women were entertaining (and equally clean), the food was good (relatively), and the ale was excellent. By ruling the tavern with a big stick, Hadwin ensured that the danger of theft or loss of property when you locked your room was minuscule, which fact also helped keep a reliable patronage.  Regardless, before exiting Edon had hid half his purse under a corner chest large enough to be considered immovable.  A four-foot-long, Viridis forged, steel bastard sword he left on the mattress. The shorter curved Lorei he secured on his left hip, and several knives of various purposes he distributed around his person. Some obvious, many hidden. If asked he would state simply, AYou never know where your hands might be when you need a knife.@  
The Two Moon Festival, the celebration that marked both the new year and the end of the growing season, started today.  Masked parades and street bazaars, parties and balls, crazy food-stuffs, wine and ales from distant places, Edon found all fascinating enough that he tried to visit each year, but he attended vicariously, more an observer, less than a full participant. 
Before exiting the inn, Edon paused in the recessed alcove allowing his mind and body to shift into outside mode.  While his hazel-green eyes adjusted to the bright morning light, he warily studied the street before him. Major streets in Titania were constructed of tightly fitted white pavers fired from a clay found only on banks of the Nital river, the southernmost river in the province. The river ran some four hundred leagues from the capital, consequently thousands of slaves and hundreds of carts were employed at supplying this clay to the kilns for both new roads and repairs. Summer heat took a devastating toll on the slaves, and the monstrous sized crocs which inhabited the river took another sizable number. So, the Queen, despite her apparent benevolence toward her own people, had a constant need for captured workers. 
Although the Queen maintained a significant Royal Army, it only boasted a thousand light horsemen that were in any way suitable for slaving. Hence a commercial enterprise arose to provide the needed labor.  Human slaves captured from the nomad tribes south of the Nital were highly prized because they were already adapted to the stifling heat of summer, the best time for building roads.  Saxos slaves from the high mountains of the north were less valuable in that they tended to drop dead from heat, sometimes without ever working a full day. In any case, the north of Ioneas as well as the northern continent of Glacius, were both so sparsely settled that slave raids were scarcely profitable. Human slaves from the continent Euron also resided in tropical forests and were heat-tempered so to speak, but crossing the unpredictable and dangerous ocean to obtain them was quite costly. Not to mention the need to avoid the Vikens. 
Over time, the slave industry fueled the growth of numerous mercenary companies, comprised of men willing to risk being served on a dinner plate if captured by the nomads, or potentially crucified if captured by the Vikens, all for a few silvers a month.  The various territorial dukes also found the freelance mercers useful for border skirmishes and patrolling.  
At fourteen, a vulnerable child runaway, Edon had allowed himself to be drafted into a group of slaver mercers. (The alternate at the time being execution for slaying his mother=s man-friend).  After his year was done, he vowed he would never go back to slaving. 
Today, the morning sun had just cleared the towers and already the street was filling with celebrators, hawkers, partygoers and pickpockets and tradespeople. Satisfied that his quick but careful scan of the roofs, windows and walks revealed no imminent danger, Edon ventured out. A couple of foot legates clad in the standard umber uniform stood on one corner across the road. They appeared to be trying to make time with Sheryl, a working-lady from the tavern on her way home after a night=s work. Even from across the street he could see her bright teeth gleam as she laughed away their advances.  She slapped away a too venturous hand with another laugh. Edon=s full lips pursed in a slight smile, the two legates together did not own the coin to afford Sheryl. Nor could they together, he suspected, handle her in a locked bedroom. 	
Known for the ability to handle the biggest and roughest patrons of the tavern, Sheryl had sent more than one of her clients from her bedroom bleeding from a half-dozen cuts. Most often to be stitched together by an intoxicated healer after being tossed unceremoniously onto one of the inn=s tables. The legates had detained Sheryl for questioning numerous times at the complaint of one of the mercer Masters. Hadrian invariably bailed her out, paid the fines and smoothed the ruffled feathers of the Masters. After all, what Master wanted the word on the street to be that his warrior had been chopped to bits by a tiny eight stone woman?  Nor, it was rumored, had Sheryl suffered the common indignities afforded to most women in the dungeons. She emerged from prison each time with her Ahonor@ intact.    
Edon merged into the morning foot traffic behind a tall dark-haired woman laden with a backpack reeking of herbs and burdened across her shoulders with the typical spring-board device common to the nearby provinces. The baskets carried mangos and oranges plump enough to tempt Edon’s not full stomach. Clearly a farmer=s wife, she would be selling the produce to one of the stands in the town center, likely at wholesale prices. Probably would make several long return trips each day of the festival.  A thin gold bracelet on her left wrist denoted her marital status, and he addressed her in the dialog of the provinces.
AMadia.@
She continued walking, although he saw a slight movement of her head.
AMadia,@ he insisted, tapping her shoulder and hoping that the move would not be an affront. At which point she stopped, eased her load onto the sidewalk, and turned to face him.
Muscularly built for a woman, with the bronze complexion and dark eyes typical of the southern nomads, she scowled at Edon although it was obvious that she was glad to be temporality relieved from the weight of her baskets. How she wound up here married to a farmer intrigued him, but it was a question which he could not ask without possibly causing insult.  Most likely a former slave purchased and freed to become a wife, but in the long run, not his business. His business was simple enough; he wanted an orange.
AWhat?@ She apprised his occupation from his garb and armament and did not bother to disguise disapproval, but exhibited no apprehension. Of course, there were two legates nearby.
AMight I purchase a few of your oranges?@ Overly polite in reaction to her disfavor.
She held his gaze for several seconds with a clear,AAre you kidding me?@ attitude, that without a word clarified that she was not prepared to sell on the street; she lacked sacks and did not carry change. In other words, he was a big pain in her arse. 
AHow much for two oranges?@ he persisted, surprised that he was all-the-more embarrassed, as well as amused at her ability to create that feeling in him. He didn’t often or easily feel discomfited. 
ASixty coppers.@
A price likely ten times what he might pay later at a stall on the square. Robbery, but the oranges were large and plump and now his stomach perversely insisted that he was starving. 
AA silver for four,@ still a larcenous price, but less than her initial request. He would stuff the extra in his pockets for later.
ADone,@ The problem of making change solved, she could care less how he carried them.
He proffered the coin, A I pick them,@ for that price he would get the plumpest.
 He quickly pocketed three oranges and arose from the baskets with a fruit in one hand and a small throwing knife in the other. Drifting back against the bricks of a nearby building while paring the fruit, he scanned the wide boulevard. In the short time he had taken his eyes off his surroundings something jolted him as just out of the ordinary. The farmer=s wife scurried down the sidewalk now, making up for lost time. Edon suspected that her husband would be furious if she was late to the bazaar and failed to get the best price for her first trip. He wondered if she would relate her good fortune with the silver, or would she stash the coin for her own future use. Oh well, not his problem, he would likely never be married, and his experience with women was limited to mostly to his mother, who hated him for dispatching the Aone true love of her life,@ and a few of the ladies at the Queen=s Knight. Not Sheryl though. Definitely not Sheryl.   
He used the knife to lever the first slice of fruit into his mouth and savored the sweet juice - over the tip of the blade he saw the cause of his discomfort.
Chapter 2
Castle Greenstone

JIana remained on the bed until the tears began to dry, as though inaction might retrieve some pleasantness from her despair. That failing, she retrieved her gossamer thin nightgown with the toes of one foot, simultaneously sliding off the carved four poster bed. The hideous carvings of ancient mythical creatures (meant to turn away evil spirits) decorated four massive columns which supported a frame holding stained glass panels. Jay=s father had never believed in spirits, evil or not, but the bed had been in the family for generations, so the bed remained, although the original glass panels had been replaced with scenes of wildlife and birds when her Da had learned the originals were the cause of her nightmares. Jay had always preferred to sleep only in her panties, despite constant chiding by the numerous domestics/attendants, also provided by her father, serially so to speak, as she had less use for most of them than she had for the bed, and since as a child she had learned that they (domestics) were more readily replaced than furniture. The young Jay exhibited little to no interest in becoming a lady during her childhood. Now, like it or not, the duty was being thrust upon her.
She wriggled to shimmy the nightgown over her head and down her body, where it draped her still attractive frame - at twenty summers she was now officially past prime marrying age - and provided barely enough concealment to allow her to stand on the balcony outside. The castle manor was constructed of the same green granite as were the exterior walls and battlements, and from which the name Greenstone derived. Balconies extended from all the bedrooms and guestrooms of the manor, hers was the highest on the south side, allowing a view of both the harbor far below, and the nearer farms and villas to the north. A breath of wind carrying the scent of pines swirled about the castle, whipping at her gown and stirring her uncombed auburn hair. Wind from the west was unusual in the Month of Two Moons. Later in the year such a wind would roll coldly off the mountains and drop snow or sleet. The thought of which caused a shiver down her back and induced her to scan the horizon and the sky. Only Lunas, the green moon was still visible, Lunar, the smaller but brighter white moon, had set.
She leaned on the stone railing worn to a smooth polish from countless hands of her predecessors. The thought struck her that she might be the last, since she was the only child of a father who had never sired a son, not even a single bastard, not even after her mother had died in childbirth. The Duchess’ death also took Jiana=s only brother, and her father=s only hopes of a male heir.
In the harbor far below her perch, activities went on as usual. Ships were being loaded, and unloaded, and the occasional loud bang or curse drifted up. As though nothing out of the ordinary had happened yesterday. As if today was just another day on a calendar with no markings. 
But now there existed no official Lord Le Baud, Lord of Greenstone, Grand Duke of Saturia. Only me, she mused. Although the southern provinces had been ruled by queens since the War of Fire, and the northern province owed allegiance to Urania, there had never been a female lord or ruler of any type in the three small territories of Saturia. Since the death of her grandfather, at an age where she had been just old enough to remember, the province had been loosely ruled by her father. Both of his brothers were granted domain of one of the territories along with the relevant castle which was the seat of territorial power. None-the-less, the division had been poorly received by both brothers, Keison because he was older and expected to be granted the entire province. Leos just because he was perpetually unhappy she surmised. Leos should have been content; he had inherited more than his due by the laws of inheritance. 
Her association with her uncles since grandfather=s death had been limited, but quite enough to realize that they were aggrieved with their shares of the estate. On top of that, they had since sired a gang of greedy cousins who might actually come a-courting she mused.  Lucifer=s balls she cursed silently, even the uncles might come courting. That was not altogether unheard of.  Gross. She had no intention of becoming a side-saddle riding, gown wearing, tea sipping ballroom and court decoration for some half-witted relative.  She would be Lady Greenstone she resolved and steeled herself. Giving up all that her father had achieved to one of his vile brothers would be as bad as burning it to the ground. Not to mention being married to a cousin or uncle. Rather to leap off the balcony now. Looking over the walls and cliff, she adamantly felt no damn intention of doing that.
All the relatives were either still in the guestrooms several floors below, ostensibly mourning the demise and subsequent interment of the Lord Le Baud yesterday; or more likely, at this hour, the pigs would be in the dining room already, scarfing down enough food to feed an army. She wondered how long she would be required to extend hospitality to that crew of rapacious gluttons.  One full moon cycle was standard. While the wealth of the family had been distributed equally between the three sons of her grandfather, only the middle, her father, had truly prospered.  Grandfather had left her father the traditional family castle, but he granted his other sons more money.  Despite the money, relegating them to the smaller castles was just one more serious point of contention Jiana mused.
With less money her father had quickly recognized the advantages of creating a relaxed partnership with his people. A generous crop sharing plan was initiated, and Herik paid for talented children to attend school or apprenticeships so long as they committed to stay on the estate for five years.  Which most of them happily did, most marrying and staying to this day. After the loss of Jiana’s mother, he had scoured the continent for the best mid-wives and healers he could find, and as a result the province had mostly avoided the worse sicknesses which had stolen away hundreds of children from neighboring lands.  
None of whom could repair his broken neck.  Lord Greenstone was buried. Her father buried. She fought against crying again for as long as she could, assuming that tears represented a weakness from which others might gain advantage. But alone on the balcony she could not contain her feelings. Hot and angry tears flooded down her face and dripped over her gown.
The Lord of Greenstone, dead at a mere 49 summers from a fall off his horse.
In no way could she comprehend the magnitude of the loss. Her Da had been a magnificent rider.  Swordsman, farmer, horseman, seer, he was everything. In not one thing could she remember him ever deficient. That he would have fallen while hunting deer on the steppes below the castle was as likely to her as capturing lightning in a bottle. Impossible. And to fallen from Starfire his favorite hunting horse?
Impossible.  And yet they had buried him yesterday.
AMy Lady?@
AOh,@ Jiana jumped.
AEmily,@ Jiana turned, dabbing with the sleeve of her gown at tears still flowing down her cheeks.
ABeg your pardon Lady Jiana. I knocked, but no one answered. I am so sorry to startle you.@
To Jiana Emily appeared more upset than merely startling her would account for. A dark bruise marred the smooth white skin on her left cheek. And ALady Jiana?@  Could she be a Lady without a Lord?  Jiana mused. She could - she  had no choice. 
Emily=s eyes fixated upon Jiana=s chest, not that Em was unfamiliar with Jiana=s body, having been her maid-in-waiting for years now. They had been together since Jay was twelve. Emily, also twelve, by order of Jay=s father, had been educated alongside her charge. A move that turned out to be one of her father’s most brilliant; since Jiana had fought against every single governess he selected, he decided to substitute a person nearer her own age. The ploy had not worked perfectly, while Emily did tend to pull Jiana toward the ladylike side as hoped, Jay tended to pull Em toward the more tomboy side. Herik had decided that was as good a result as he could hope for.  
Em=s gaze reminded Jiana that she was somewhat indecent. The cooling west wind and the tears which had drenched her gown combined to cause her nipples to enlarge and poke at the thin fabric.
AOh.@ she covered her breasts with a hand, eliciting a wan smile from her friend.
AYour face? What happened?@ she diverted the attention from herself. ALet’s go inside.@ Now goose bumps were raising on her arms and neck. She needed to dress. 
ANothing my Lady. I ran into something.@ Emily had never been able to lie convincingly - at least not to Jay. Sometimes she tried (for Jay=s sake) to lie to Jiana=s Da.  Again, with limited success. It was a skill Jiana had tried often, without success, to incubate in her friend.
ABear scat. Anyway, when did I become >Lady Jiana=?  Overnight? I am still Jay.@ And had been Jay since they had first met. Deep in the thick olive groves, their favorite childhood hideaway, eternal friendship had been solemnly sworn. Apples and cheese and bread were carved up for a picnic lunch, washed down with the remains of a flagon of a dark red, earthy merlot. When finished Jay picked up the knife she had borrowed from the kitchen. She had taken it the day before in order to hone a fine edge on the blade just for this special purpose. She intended to use it to consummate a ceremony she had watched many boys do. Cut their palms and swear blood brothers. Jay had no siblings, so Emily would be her blood sister. For eternity. The act had taken some convincing on Jay=s part, but they both now carried a small scar on their left palms. Left hand because it was closest to the heart.   
ATruth. Your face.@
AA fall My... Jay.@ She had moved back into the room, all the while attempting to keep facing away from Jiana in order to better conceal her face while lying, and headed to retrieve the mourning gown.
AOH … definitely not that.@ Jay pointed to the mourning gown lying on the floor where she had discarded it last night. She still felt filthy and wanted a bath as if that could wash away the funeral or eliminate the memory of tepid air in a chapel with too many sweating bodies crammed too closely together. The sun had beat down without mercy when they carried her father to the site under the willow tree to lie next to his wife and son. A gaping hole in the earth that had swallowed her entire family. The dark smell of raw dirt and worms, and her hands throwing the dirt over her father’s shrouded body haunted her now like a miserable delusion. She had struggled through the ceremony as though the sunlight itself was a bright but thick miasma. The walk back to the castle through an unending parade of well-wishers, some of whom she knew in her heart were lying, caused her to be sick, whether it was her emotions overcoming her body, or actual physical illness, she could not say.  When the food and the drink, and the toasts and the tributes began, she abruptly exited without comment and staggered through the halls. Eventually she found her bedroom and collapsed upon her bed. No doubt, given her relatives, the wake had deteriorated into a drunken bash once she had left. Fortunately, her room was two floors insulated from the noise of the great-room. She had no memory of when she had shed the long crape mourning gown and veil. 
Emily remained studying the discarded mourning gown with an unasked question in her pose.
ASocks. Blouse. Riding pants. Boots.@ Jay ordered, ignoring the customary garb. Mourning a father was a requisite twelve months for an unwed daughter. Jay did not need to wear a gown to mourn, so let custom be damned.
AYour face?@ Jay asked again with a little bit of impatient bite in her tone.
Emily kept her eyes averted while she retrieved and laid out the requested attire. 
AA slap, My Lady.@ She hung her head in shame, tears appearing involuntarily despite all she tried to prevent them.
AWho? I will kill the pig,@ and a real desire to do so flushed Jay red and heated.
Emily failed to answer, prompting Jay to ask the dreaded question, ADid he harm you otherwise?@ Her father=s relatives had a reputation for creating bastard children throughout their lands. Not always consensually. Her Da had taken in numerous Aruined@ young ladies who fled his brothers= rule. 
Emily sobbed and spun away, inadvertently ending up seated on the bed, head in hands, the attack relived being nearly as frightful as the attack itself. Before retiring she had been adding oil to the lamps in the north hall, some of them having flickered out leaving sections of the corridor in darkness. Dangerous she thought, for any guest who might pass by less than sober.
She never even heard the attacker; without warning she was slammed hard against the wall, her head cracking into the granite. Stunned and half unconscious she had dropped the oil. He pressed her against the stone with the weight of his body, his unwashed odor and the exhalation of ale gagging her. With one hand he rent her blouse apart with a long ripping hiss. His other hand drove under her dress - fat cruel fingers poking and hurting as he tried to rip away her undergarments. 
AI’m gonna fuck you like a stallion,@ he gloated shoving against her furiously but impotently. As she began to regain her senses, she realized that somehow he was out of his trousers. The oil puddled at their feet was causing him to slip as he attempted to drive into her. Her breasts were bare now and he was consumed with roughly handling them while gouging at her womanhood in a way that she was certain would soon succeed. She looked up, away from the leering smell of him, ashamed. A lamp flickered just in reach over her head. 
AI will burn us both alive,@ she flaunted the lamp in his face.
AWhat?@ He saw the lamp and concurrently became aware of the oil in which he was sloshing.
ABitch. You would burn down the whole castle.@ 
AI care not.@ She did, but in a moment of clarity, she really doubted that the hallway had enough flammable material in it to ignite the whole castle. Just the two of them and a few tapestries. Time felt as though it had stopped, and she was surprised at the calmness of her deliberations about the fire and their deaths. 
 ABitch,@ he reiterated, stepping back. AYou really will.@ 
AFine then,@ he was putting himself back into his trousers. AI was only looking for a little fun. It would have been good for you.@
AGet out of here, AHer voice had a strange quality, almost a snarl, that she would not have known she was capable of producing. Her hand was trembling and for a second, she considered dropping the lamp just to kill her attacker in spite. 
AFine, fine,@ he turned away.
She caught a breath, just now realizing that she must have been holding it.
He whorled suddenly and caught her cheek with the palm of his hand knocking her head against the stone a second time.  Somehow she managed to retain both her balance and the lantern. Stupid, stupid man. Could have killed them both.
Without another word he disappeared down the hall into the darkness. Gingerly she reached up and replaced the still flickering lamp.  She pulled the shredded blouse together in front. She was not crying - too shocked and stunned she supposed. Shaken, she tottered out of the manse and found her way to the stables searching for sand or shavings to soak up the spilled oil. She turned the corner of the barn and was lucky enough to stumble into one the stable-hands. Robertson. The hand was younger than she and had a crush on her. He handled the mess for her without any questions, although she could tell by the look in his eyes that she would owe him an answer later. After that he had walked her up to her room in the mansion even though that area was technically off limits to stable workers. He had tucked her into her bed, removing her shoes only, and left her -as she requested- to cry herself to sleep.
AWho did this Em?@ Jay asked while gently reaching her hand out to turn Emily=s head.
Emily hesitated, really, she did not know all of Jay=s cousins well enough to be certain. He was large, that she knew. He was bearded, he was drunk, he was cruel. His eyes were dark brown, maybe. He stank. In fact, she realized, it might be any one of them. AI don=t know for sure My Lady,@  embarrassed for her uncertainty. She remembered a flash from her attacker=s teeth when she had grabbed the lantern from the wall and the rush of air over the flame had flared the wick into brightness. Had the flash come from a gold tooth? Erich, one of Keison=s sons had a gold tooth. But that was not much to go on and could only cause trouble in the family.
She shook her head, A I can’t. I don=t think I know.@
ABoots,@ Jay grabbed her clothes from the bed and dressed quickly and angrily. 
AWhat?@
AMy boots get my boots,@ anger lent a note of exasperation to her voice. She dragged her trousers on.
AWhich boots,@ Emily had not seen Jay this angry, ever.
AAny... I’m sorry, I am not angry with you.@ She marched to the cupboard and pulled out a pair of hiking boots, tripping around a bit foolishly due to trying to get them on too fast.
AI will take care of this.@ She stormed from the room down the rear stairs toward the dining hall. She expected an uproar when she entered the dining hall without proper mourning dress, well aware that both uncles were likely to be already plotting to steal her birthright. She must deal with that, but first she would deal with the attack on her best friend. There would be no hesitation.


Chapter 3			
Titania


M
alvic. With two bodyguards and the meager but murderous, cheating little pock- faced pilferer that served as his scribe. On this side of the street and headed for all intents and purposes toward the Queen=s Knight. Which meant that they would walk right past him. 
ALucifer=s balls,@ he swore under his breath and chomped down on another slice of fruit.
  Malvic was master of the King=s Dragoons, another misnomer since Malvic was no king, nor did he employ any dragoons. Malvic, who derived immense pleasure in keeping the largest mercenary force on Ioneas, with or without dragoons - not just the largest, but the undisputed least scrupulous, for sale to anybody, for anything. Malvic had no bottom limit to where he would send them, nor what they would do. 
As the group approached Edon eyed the scar on Malvic=s left cheek.  The healed wound had rendered a conspicuous white line easily observed through a tangled dark beard. At the age of sixteen, just starting his second year as a mercer, Edon had carved that scar into the master=s face.  Seeing it precipitated a momentary flush of satisfaction. 
They had been seated at a somewhat rougher venue than The Queen=s Knight, recuperating after a brutal campaign against a foolishly rebellious duke who refused to pay his taxes to the jurisdiction of Sandia. Somehow Edon ended up next to Malvic. They feasted on roasted wild boar and yams at a long table crammed with mercers from several companies.  Malvic had cuffed him beside the head hard enough to bring stars, apparently for the slight of reaching across for another slice of meat.  
“You will ask before you take meat from before me!”
At that age (it seemed so long ago now) Edon still bore a generalized bitterness against any older man with real or perceived authority. Lankly, sinewy, not yet full grown and only yet partly trained in arms - by both Hadwin who had taken to the boy somewhat like a father, and Goffrey, a master at arms and the principle trainer for the Black Angels - a foolishly fearless Edon had punched the master straight in the nose. The broken snout resulted in a flood of blood, which Edon found to be quite satisfying, but which mostly served only to further incense Malvic, as well as provoke his two guards. 
 The first man attempted to lunge over the table while simultaneously drawing a sword but got caught in the bench. He sprawled flailing across the boards, scattering plates, goblets and drink everywhere. Edon promptly struck him on the back of the head with the hilt of a knife and rendered him senseless.  The less fortunate second guard expired with his spine severed at the neck, wondering as he died how the boy had come to be behind him. His long sword clattered uselessly to the floor.
By this time Malvic had climbed on the table and stood over Edon, blood pouring into his mouth. Roaring angrily, AFucker of sheep, I will kill you,@ he spit blood on everyone and swung a massive two-handed sword in a wide, downward, tremendous arc. Edon easily sidestepped to avoid the heavy blade but saw from his peripheral vision the sword cleanly remove the top of the head of a startled mercer who had only half risen from the table.  The accidental murder took Malvic by surprise and Edon chose to leap during that momentarily lapse of concentration. The mercer Master outweighed him considerably, but the youth hit the out of balance fighter in mid-air on the table, hurling them both to the floor.  Edon=s knees plowed hard into his opponent=s chest eliciting a woof of putrid breath. Malvic=s head must have hit hard because his eyes were still rolling when Edon prepared to slice his throat. For only the second time in his short life Edon felt an absolute desire to kill, but Goffrey=s deep voice interceded.
ABoy.@
Edon hesitated, watching the fear in Malvic=s eyes as he struggled to stop them from roiling about his head and to regain his breath. 
AYou cannot kill a Master.@ 
True enough. Killing a Master would make him a pariah in his chosen profession, unlikely to be hired ever again, and very likely a target of assassins for the rest of his life - a life which was likely to be quite short. 
A long white scar marred Malvic=s right cheek, ugly and puckered, and put there (Edon would later learn) most likely by Sheryl.  Edon hesitated with the point of his blade just piercing Malvic=s fat neck. A trickle of blood found a path and merged with the blood from the nose. Decision made, he relented, slicing across the man=s face in a move so quick that no one watching even saw it, and for several seconds the wound seemed almost unwilling to open. Malvic=s left cheek would afterward bear a scar closely matching the one on his right cheek. The Master screamed in rage, or pain, Edon was not sure and frankly did not care. As a fighter Malvic was over-rated, as a Master he was cruel, as a man he was deficit. He needed killing, but now was not the time. Edon stood and wiped his bloodied blade on his pants. He left the bar without a word. 
Much later would he learn that Malvic had leapt from the floor inflamed and bloody and calling for both his second and all men present on his payroll to follow and kill the defiant youngster.  Only the intercession of Goffrey and Hadwin had prevented them. Hadwin had slowly rose from his seat, finishing his ale as he stood, and lifted his cudgel. ALeave him be or die tonight.@ Goffrey had said nothing but his sword was drawn and resting point down on the floor at Malvic=s feet. With two dead mercers already in the tavern Malvic had thought the better of continuing.  
Edon wisely attempted to give Malvic a wide berth since then, but as they were in the same trade, it was impossible to not cross paths from time to time. An uneasy, undeclared truce formed with both sides aware that the feud was unfinished. Right now, Edon recognized one of the approaching guards, the older one, by face but not by name. The younger one brushed against the farmer=s wife as she passed, spilling some mangos, and spearing one with a knife for himself. Edon did not know this one but already didn’t like him. 
ALucifer=s balls,@ he swore again, realizing that there was no avoiding a confrontation. He leaned back against the building nonchalantly but distributed his weight between his feet evenly and waited.
AEdonnnn! ...What a pleasant surrrprise.@  
AA pleasant day to you Malvic.@ Edon replied casually, sizing up whom to dispatch first should it come to an altercation.




Chapter 4
Sandia

Idwal ab Rex ab Owian tramped across the courtyard, his boots raising red dust which swirled around his legs and rose behind him into the faces of his retinue. Rabbits. All they had found today was rabbits. What frecking emperor hunted rabbits? He was ruler of the largest country on the continent. He had the largest army. He had more wives. He had more gold (although nobody knew where he hid it). Jumping Lucifer=s balls... He even had more sons.  And here he was reduced to hunting rabbits. Stunted rabbits at that. 
Two centuries after that stupid war lost by his great-grandfather and yet still the land was stunted. What trees there were grew short and crooked, and the animals few and often born strange. Even the grass was said to still be poisoned in some places. What had once been a verdant savanna, was now infected wherever the mages had hurled their green fire at their foes. Some said that the fire had become alive and consumed friend and foe alike. After devouring many of its own creators the bilious green flames had disappeared. The few survivors had related a vortex that rose up hundreds of meters and then drilled itself into the plains. For the first hundred years the land had been too sick for a single blade of grass. For the last century the land appeared to be healing, but slowly.  Perhaps the fire had burned out or burrowed so deep as to no longer completely poison the ground.    
The fire had also effectively ended his fore-father=s attempt (along with his life) to rule the entire continent, but it had not in any way dimmed the greed which had launched the war. The conviction that the entire continent should be his was inherited in the current Idwal. From the East Sea to the West Sea. From the edge of the ice to the jungles of the man-eating nomads. The icy north was populated by Saxos and they were welcome to it. As for the south, well he wanted to eat meat, not be meat. 
AHave them cooked,@ he ordered to no one in particular. AAnd potatoes.@
AI need ale.@ He stomped off toward the kitchen where he was wont to take his breakfast after hunting. He would probably terrorize the cooks and likely as not main or kill one. Tryan, General of the Army, babysitter (he kept that disparaging little thought close to himself), and bodyguard, tossed the two rabbits to one of the riders. AGet these to the cooks - quickly.@ He handed the reins of his and the Emperor=s horses to another without a word.  One of the lesser of Idwal’s bastard sons, graced with a uniform. The fool had better know what to do with sweaty mounts.
Tryan hurried after the king. Cooks were becoming harder to find, especially ones with any talent. Tryan had lived on soldiers’ rations for too many years and a decently prepared meal was one luxury he was loathe to lose. He knew well that the word in Sandia was out - the kitchen of Blackstone was not a safe place to work.
Happily, Tryan caught up with the Idwal before any mayhem had been committed in the kitchen. The surviving cooks, by now apprised of Idwal=s morning disposition, had already set out goat cheese and sausage around a heaping hot bowl of fried potatoes cooked with peppers and onion. Ale, cooled in the cellars with ice carted from the Alpina Mountains, eased Idwal=s evil humor somewhat.  As Tryan eased himself upon a bench at the oak table, servants quickly filled plates for the both of them. Tryan sipped at a cup of water. Idwal, disregarding the fact that most of his retinue had not yet made it to the table, addressed the subject of the day. 
Which was, unfortunately, his new plan to conquer all Ioneas. Or at least what he (the Emperor) considered the Acivilized@ part. Starting with Saturia, through Neptunia, and then into heart of Ioneas, Urania. Which was of course the largest and toughest of the three provinces. Tryan feared the entire order of the plan because their lines of supply would be woefully extended - living off an invaded land was no pleasure.
AYour rabbits, Majesty.@ The waiter set a silver tray with two barely roasted rodents on the table without ever looking up, then quickly backed away. The odor of roast meat and sage wafted across the table to Tryan. Most of the dozen or so sons of Idwal had drifted in and seated themselves. All of them wore the uniform of the Imperial Guardia, a dozen companies of heavy cavalry each of which totaled some two hundred. Nearly all of them also wore the gold stag’s head insignia of colonel, making command of the companies problematic at best. Technically the eldest was the ranking commander, but Tryan found the youth to be ineffectual, and the rest generally argumentative and/or incompetent. 
Idwal speared one of the hares with a hunting knife and began to separate the meat, devouring it with a hunger that indicated that he may not have eaten in many days. Which was patently of course, not so. Now some two-score years of age, he ate with the abandon of an adolescent.  Which Tryan knew, was how the Emperor approached everything including women. Which explained all the damned sons. He had no daughters. A prophesy as old as the kingdom predicted that the lines of Idwal would only produce sons. More than once Tryan had visited the deep well in the dungeons of the castle. The well drew from an enormous underground river.  Over the centuries the stream had served to carry screaming female infants to the sea. With their mothers should they protest. 
Short of stature, and once slimly built, Idwal, Tryan noticed, was beginning to have more waist than chest.  Tryan did not have that luxury. In the morning and the afternoon, he trained hard with the Guardia and although the same age (more or less) as his liege, he was still as lean as he had been at twenty. Nearly as fast with his sword too.
The king wiped his hands and mouth on his jacket, then discarded it into the corner. AToday, Tryan,@ He raised his glass. AWe begin the restoration of my kingdom.@
Tryan=s goblet held only water, but he raised it in salute, AMajesty.@
AWe will meet with the prefect of Graystone at noon and the prefect of Heartstone afterwards.@
Tryan suspected that neither of the two territories maintained armies large enough or trained enough to be worth a good horse-shite, but the fact that they would not resist Sandia=s forces on the march to Greenstone was worth a small fortune. Both idiot dukes had been already been promised that they would be given Greenstone and the lordship of the entire province in return for their help. Tryan fervently hoped that they did not compare notes before he had time to subtly dispatch one of them. Tryan did not have a preference, but Idwal was leaning on keeping alive the more malleable one, Leos. Malleable, but not all that bright, Tryan fretted.
He did have to give the two dukes credit for arranging the demise of Herik, no one appeared to even suspect murder.  With only the daughter Jiana to lead Greenstone forces, the province should be easy prey. He scratched at his neck idly, he had met her once, some years back when she had just come of marrying age. Extraordinary beautiful, yet the father not arranging a marriage. She had worn a silver promise bracelet. His spies checked around and Tryan learned that Herik had allowed her to become engaged to some young cavalry officer. Some men were entirely too incapable of dealing with the proper handling of daughters he noted. For Tryan, an unbeaten woman was an invitation to discord. Spare the rod and spoil the bitch so to speak. Hence, while in Greenstone he had arranged for the demise of the young man. No good reason, just laying the ground for the future. He noted that there was a bit of a tomboy in the girl, and that she had the same iron gray in her eyes as her father.
AWhat are you thinking?@ The Emperor had noticed his rumination. 
AI was considering the advantage to hurling farmers over the walls of Greenstone.@
AAh, Tryan, you are truly my man,@ the King clapped jovially as they rose. AHey. You remember that daughter? Jane or Jean or something? Good looking little thing? Make a fine addition in the harem, don=t you think?@ 
ACertainly Sire,@ well he thought, that about ended his little intrigue.
AAnd I have a surprise for you,@ Idwal smiled.
AMajesty?@
AThe Vikens have promised to ally with us.@
ASire?@
AThey have agreed to secure the East Sea, and to sail up the Bay of Crabs which will cut Urania in half and separate it completely from Saturia.@
Tryan was momentarily speechless, as General of the Army he shouldn’t had been left out of this hair-brained scheme. No doubt one of the idiot sons had crossed the East Sea in secret to make this deal. The first question was which one; the second question was who amongst his spies had failed to notice? Someone sorely needed to be corrected for this massive mistake.
Tryan knew better than to trust the Vikens. Certainly, they were fierce warriors, devoid of fear and ferocious, but in no way could they be considered a disciplined force. Nor were they inclined to any particular loyalty should they suddenly feel disenchanted with their rewards. He could end up in the middle of Ioneas with the mountains cutting their retreat to the west and the man-eaters to the south, and the bay and river cut by the Vikens’ boats. Tryan enjoyed gambling with the bones, for money, gambling with the stakes as high as an army was not his forte. Yet he realized that the plan had its merits in that it could definitely cut short any resistance. 
 AWell, all but agreed,@ the King conceded, Athere are still some details to work out.@  But Vikens were a breed mostly interested in slaves and gold, and the conquest would bring plenty of both. Particularly female slaves. AEasy enough to control,@ he submitted.
Tryan decided that he would adopt a wait and see attitude on this, but it had all the makings of a disaster if one wrong word was spoken. He stroked at his goatee, musing carefully before answering. He well knew that there was a fine line between being a bootlicker and a competent general. Idwal was very adept at causing that line to get blurred. Tryan had no reason to doubt that the day he found himself on the wrong side of that line would be his last day.  
Ah, he thought, the joys and tribulations of leadership. Why was he doing this again?
AIt’s a fine plan your Majesty,@ he said but he envisioned at least a month-long siege before the first province fell. The defenses at Greenstone were not a simple walk-over. During his few visits he had used his time to carefully assess the fortifications and the garrison. The castle was as well constructed as any he had seen. Machicolations extended from the turrets allowing the defenders to stand directly over any attackers and drop all matter of nasty objects. The walls were ridiculously thick and constructed of a remarkably hard green granite. Even if you breached the first wall, the damned thing had concentric rings inside, so you faced another siege.  A decent sized continent of paid defenders appeared to be rigidly well trained by the ranking captain, Jarrod. He balefully foresaw a month or more on hard cots and camp food, not counting the march through the two northern territories. If the bitch dragged it out, he mused, they really would put live citizens on the trebuchets and hurl them screaming over the walls. The Le Baud=s may have iron in their eyes, but he had ice in his heart, and they had an unseemly affection for their subjects. 




Chapter 5
Titania										

Edon finished his orange and intentionally threw the peelings between Malvic and his guards, approximately in the direction of the gutter. The knife he kept in hand, using the point to clean his nails. Not that his nails needed cleaning, for a soldier he might be a bit fastidious, especially when not in the field, but the cleaning gave him an excuse to keep the weapon in hand, plus had the additional bonus of making it appear that he was less than fully alert.
AAnd what would a fine fighter like yourself be doing all the way down here in Titania? You don=t know there is hiring up north?@
Edon had just come down from the north. ADidn=t know that Malvic. Not that I think my whereabouts is any concern of yours,@ he peered intensely at his fingers but was keenly aware of the locations of each of the other mercers. The fighters had spread to fence him against the wall, but the scribe lingered behind Malvic.
AYou are not working I see. I guess Goffrey grew tired of cosseting you?@ he taunted.	
APerhaps,@ Edon snickered, he was long past the time that he needed anyone to defend him. AAnd yet here you are also, not working ...Exhausted from raping children?@ he added insolently. Okay, maybe he should be a little careful not to cross the line, the first rule of longevity for a mercer was to take fights only as they came. Because by Lucifer’s balls, enough fights would find you. Unnecessary conflict generally only managed to get you killed sooner. Lesson one from Goffrey. 
As if to underscore the lesson, the younger guard on Malvic=s left drew his sword and attempted an insult, ADolt.@ Such an act of aggression should have been suicidal, since the modified long-sword was over a meter long, causing the aggressor great difficulty in clearing the sheath, while Edon had knife in hand. He ran the tip under another fingernail, slowly, watching Malvic and the guard jointly. The guard would not use the sword without bidding of his leader. 
Edon=s smiled, again intentionally impudent.  The sword was well fashioned, a Kaskara, probably forged by the Saxos, two handed, double-edged and heavy, meant to be a melee weapon, not a city alley weapon.  Nor very likely enchanted - the Saxos were meticulous artisans but lacked magic. The weapon was well-balanced and sharp, a master=s sword in an apprentice=s hands.  Anyone would be happy to inherit it from the man’s dead hands on the battlefield. 
ARobbert, put that away.@ Malvic waved at the sword. AI am sorry for my squire=s indiscretion Edon. He is young and hot-headed yet.@
Squire? So Malvic fancied himself a knight now. But Edon held his tongue at this point. The city watchmen had long since lost interest in Sheryl and now were watching them. Malvic being a Master, no doubt any argument on the street would likely be settled by the Queen=s court in his favor. Edon realized that there was nothing to be gained by antagonizing him. But squire? A laugh he found almost impossible to pass up.
Robbert had not yet sheathed his sword, and Edon was sure he heard a small growl of displeasure.  Although he would never venture out completely unprotected in crowded areas, all that was under his tunic was a lightweight mail Haubergeon vest - similar to the sword Robbert carried it was Saxos fabricated. Not charmed, the vest could only protect against smaller weapons. The Kaskara would cleave through it without even slowing down. He continued cleaning his nails assiduously and remained prepared to move first.
Malvic reached a hand over in a restraining way to his guard, ARobbert, you will be dead before that thing gets to where he stands.@ With his other hand Malvic subconsciously ran a finger over his scar. AEdon is an old friend, no need to take offense,@ Malvic lied, but to what purpose Edon was not sure. The guard made a show of sliding the blade into the sheath. The tension over, Edon continued to clean his nails.
AHow=s your purse hanging Edon?@ He did not sneer, but somehow managed to make the delivery seem insulting. AYou’re looking a little lean these days.@ 
There were orange fibers in his teeth, he carefully wiped the point of his weapon on his tunic and used it to pick them from between his front teeth. He spat them close to Malvic=s feet. Not smart overall, but he had his limits. He spared a glance toward the legates who were apparently content to allow any manner of littering if the end result was a couple of mercers killing each other. He managed to avoid an outright provocative comment and settled for the milder, A No worry there, Malvic. In any case I am heading out of town after the festival.@
ANorth?@
ANo,@ he lied.  Up to this moment he had no intention of going north, A West.@  He was not a great fan of either of the brothers of Le Baud, rumor was that they raided each other’s ranches, and he knew for a truth that they mounted slave raids into the mountains as well as to Euron. He had no stomach for such any more. Furthermore, the Lord Le Baud himself had kept a strong enough and loyal enough army that he had little need of mercers.  But now his curiosity was getting the better of him. 
His intention had been to head west to the mountain provinces of Ioneas and ride the borders on the Alpina Mountains.  Border patrol was mostly boring but paid well enough to make a living. The Whitehairs, as Ioneans termed the mountain dwellers, were constantly raiding the cattle and sheep ranches in the valleys. His hope was to pick up a few traveling companions while in town, including at least one good archer (he considered himself only adequate with the bow). If lucky they would beat out the weather and get a small base camp built. He would like for once to stay warm in the winter and dry in the fall and just get away from the constant stupid hostilities and bloodshed.  The Whitehairs were tolerably fierce, but they tended not to be willing to die just for a cow or two.  And captives easily brought a good price, although he knew that was perilously close to slaving, Edon had little patience for thieves, those who chose that route he reasoned, had to accept the consequences. Anyhow, slavery was better than death. Maybe? On top of that, while as slaves they tended to work hard, they were experts at escaping, (which made him wonder why they brought any price at all on the open market). 
AWhy don=t you ride with us?@ Malvic turned his head and spat a glob of brown chubac into the gutter.  Spitting chubac into the street or walk was highly illegal in Titania. The Queen considered it dirtier than horse manure. Horses, she decreed, had to poop, humans did not have to spit. The watchmen saw the infringement but made no move.  Still waiting to see a brawl probably, there would be wagers of course.
AI would think that you had enough fighters.@ Edon knew that Malvic now employed several thousand mercenaries. An enormous force, larger than the provincial armies of all but a handful of castles. A good number of them were riding in the jungles south of the Nital River, slaving for Titania and possibly Sandia. Maybe a quarter of them were scattered about the provinces in the incessant small border disputes - Edon had no idea how Malvic kept track of whose side his men were fighting for. The scribe must be very busy. The last thousand, a full legion, was said to be under the command of Idwal, though for what Edon didn=t know. They were well trained too, consisting of a full company each of archers, pike-men and other infantry, accompanied by about a hundred horsemen. A force that large would not be allowed to congregate on this side of the mountains so very likely Malvic only had a company or two in or about town. 
AGood money Edon. Better than you ever saw. Five silvers a month for a fighter of your ability.@ Less than he paid his personal retinue, but likely more than Edon had ever seen, Malvic figured. 
He was correct, Edon was somewhat taken aback. That was a potful of money, about what he hoped to make for him and two or three others on the range. How in hell was Malvic affording that? AAnd my friends?@ He didn=t have any friends in mind, his curiosity jangled with alarm. 
AWhat they are worth. If they fight like you, we could work something out,@ confirming that Malvic had some large and likely nefarious commission. No concern of Edon=s though, he assiduously avoided large conflicts. In major battles mercers were often exploited as shock troops, not the least because every one of them killed was one less to pay (kings and other royals being inherently cheap). Hard fighting, sparse shelter, and food likely to be skimpy and close to inedible. So the unusual pay rate deserved investigation.
ANorth then?@ he found it weird, the lack of word on the street, although to be fair he had only been in town one day. AWhat’s happening up there?@ No sense being shy about the question.
A Did you not hear? Lord Le Baud croaked. Fell off his horse.@
The odds that Lord Greenstone had fallen from a horse were rather slim Edon thought, but no, he hadn=t heard, and said so.
AYep. Broke his neck, And no heir neither.@
AHas a daughter don=t he? Maybe twenty years or so?@
AYep,@ Malvic turned and spat again, causing Edon to regret having started a spitting contest, and to wonder just how cavernous the Master=s mouth could be. AAnd a fine twat that one. I would spear her myself.@
Edon thought to himself that Malvic would likely Aspear@ the livestock when drunk, so the comment was certainly no compliment. But he had seen the girl once when she was about sixteen. The dawn, so to speak, of womanhood, and in most provinces the marrying age. Funny that her father had not sought out a suitor for her. Her finely chiseled face was framed by a mane of auburn hair. And at sixteen she certainly appeared to have the shape of a woman, even though she seemed to prefer to dress in trousers and riding boots. He remembered the eyes most, iron gray with a few flecks of sea green, inquisitive, but not demure. 
AYep. Herik=s brothers and cousins are going have a field day fighting over her and Greenstone. A fine melee is going be had by all,@ Malvic gloated but did not actually reveal what role he expected to contribute in the coming contention.
True enough that a province without a designated heir would generally transfer to a cousin or uncle. Usually the first son of the oldest brother. But Herik should have taken care of that before he died. Of course, he probably did not expect to die quite so precipitously. Still, the laws of inheritance were intended to prevent conflicts and enacted across the continent for just such an incidence. AJust goes to the Duke of Heartstone doesn=t it?@ Edon was not sure which brother was the eldest. Nor, with nothing to inherit, had he ever paid much attention to the laws on the subject.
AYep. Would. But them brothers got no love for each other. They=ll try to pick it apart like vultures on a carcass.@
Still only a little provincial dispute Edon realized because neither brother had much of an army. Probably even allied together they were no match even for Greenstone=s garrison. And no way in Hades either of them could afford the pay that Malvic was suggesting. He wondered what it was that Malvic not saying? He didn=t need to add on to his already sizable force just for what would amount to a territorial fight between siblings. Nor would he want or even be able to pay that sum for very long.
AI will have to consider that Malvic,@he lied, AIt’s a good offer.@ Edon slipped between Malvic and the bodyguard Robbert without waiting a reply and was half a street away before they realized he was gone. 
Malvic, turned, AYou do that,@ he yelled to the retreating back, Abastard is still too frecking fast,@ he commented to no one in particular, and shook his head. 
AHey,@ he yelled once again, louder, and fruitlessly, AI=ll be staying at the Queen=s Knight.@



Chapter 6
Castle Greenstone

Jiana chose to enter the main dining room from the long stone-lined passage that led - supposedly secretly - to her quarters, rather than through the more conventional double carved oaken doors which exited to the ballroom and beyond. Protected by numerous dead-ends the tunnels were at once dark and mysterious, but familiar, since she and Em had explored them often as children, much to the late Herik=s consternation. The opening into the meeting hall was disguised, and when she pushed through, the disquiet that ensued gave her cause to doubt the wisdom of her choice. Just by dint of her sex, she already lacked for allies in this horde. Combine that with the deep envy of her possible succession, and the danger in the room was palpable.
But Jay was every bit as angry as they were greedy, so she proceeded with more certainly than she actually felt to the head of the table, standing silently behind the chair. Cahsen, her father=s ancient butler, pulled the seat back for her with a nearly imperceptible nod conveying his approval. She remained standing as the several dozen men slowly stopped eating amidst a flurry of elbows and prods.
Obviously, she just broke two conventions, at this point neither of which she gave a good shite about. A woman should never be unaccompanied in the main hall with the men of the family during any business discussion, although in truth most of them had seen her here before, at the right-hand side of her father. More importantly, because the first rule was slowly being eroded across the kingdoms, no woman could sit at the head of a table consisting of all men. Plus, no head of the family had been named yet, so the seat de honour should remain empty. Oops, three conventions she thought.
Hand on the chair back and foot tapping lightly, she waited for them to rise per custom for the Lord of a province. A whisper or two made it to her ears, too low to discern. She exhaled a deep breath through her nose creating a sound akin to a, AHrumpt.@ and let her eyes roam over the men. Not all would meet her gaze. She was not that hungry, how hungry were they? Would they dare also break convention and eat while a family member remained unseated?
One of the younger cousins was staring at her chest and made a motion with his hand toward his shirt. She looked down for a second and saw that her blouse was not tied correctly. For that matter, she had not bothered to comb her hair either. Freck them. Her gaze drifted around the table again, challenging each man individually, while calmly, without looking down, she re-tied her blouse. 
Near the far end of the table one of her second cousins pushed back his chair and stood. Otis, she remembered. Scraggly beard and somewhat thin, very tall, gangly. Second son of a father who openly denigrated him as too scrawny and generally considered him to be good for nothing but chores and lashings.  Jay surmised that Otis would get a lashing for standing first, so she appreciated the gesture. Grudgingly some of the men followed suit until most were up. Her two uncles remained seated at what were considered the third and fourth places at the table.   
AJiana,@ the elder uncle, Keison, pulled at his pointed beard as he spoke. A habit he turned to when he expected to be right on a subject but lacked complete confidence. She had watched him numerous times when he had dealings with her father. AThis is highly unorthodox.@ 
AYour father is barely buried,@ Leos added hastily, mainly to curry favor with his brother. AThe estate is not yet passed.@ Meaning that she should have taken the second seat, or preferably not been there at all. A woman had no rights of primogeniture in Saturia he pointed out. 	 
Servants bringing additional platters of scrambled eggs and cheese and ham were beginning to pile up at the entry to the kitchen. 
AYet here I stand,@ although inside she was somewhat tremulous. AAnd there you sit,@she added somewhat derisively. The comment caused a few snickers around the table before those who found it funny realized the danger to which such a lack of prudence opened them.
ASit everyone,@ she allowed Cahsen to slide her chair under her.
She scanned the faces trying to discern who might exhibit guilt over the night=s transgression. Without success. For the most part, not a crowd with a propensity for remorse. AWe have much business.@ 
AFirst,@ she spread goat butter over a small piece of bread and as nonchalantly as she could took a small bite, allowing them to wait for her.
AFirst. Oh, I said that didn=t I? She bit again into the bread, so they could wait. AIt has come to my attention that my lady in waiting was attacked during the evening. The servants and women of MY territory (let that sink in she thought) are not to be accosted by anyone. Offenders will be whipped and imprisoned.@
ANo exceptions,@ she locked eyes with Keirit who she could swore smirked before looking away. His father Keison might have emitted a small grunt? She kept trying to scan all their eyes at once for a sign of guilt, but still saw not a flinch.
ASecond, due to the attack last night I have decided that for the duration of the ritual watch, everyone will be moved into the visitors= house. Comfortable rooms are being prepared for everyone.@  Now she could hear a definite murmur of objection. Such a move was unheard of and could be easily construed an insult. The house could easily accommodate all of them, their families and attendants, but situated outside the defensive wall of the keep, was considered to be housing for guests of lesser import, certainly not the Duke=s next of kin. 
AThird, I alone am my father=s heir. I will be taking over the ruling of the castle and the province of Greenstone. I will expect to be addressed as >Lady Greenstone.=@
Keison kicked his chair back so hard that it fell over as he leapt up, ARidiculous.@
AMy brother would not do this. It’s illegal. It’s... it’s unseemly. A woman ruling our province.@
AHe did, and I am.@
AWe shall see about that,@ his fork clattered across the table and he stormed out, followed quickly and silently by his sons and other direct family members. 
Leos, the younger uncle sat closed mouthed, whether shocked by her announcement, or by the rapid exit of his brother, she was unsure. Leos had always been a bit reserved, perhaps past the point of being timid. Certainly, mild compared to the other two brothers. Besides which he had never been in line for the succession. His inheritance of Castle Graystone was more than he had due, since many Lords could not have provided that well for a third son. 
AJiana,@ he reluctantly pushed back his seat, AI am sorry, but this cannot stand.@  His oldest and only legitimate son rose with him, the two bastard sons had exited with Keison. Jay wondered what exactly that indicated.
AKeison is the next Lord Greenstone by law,@ he paused reflecting on the situation, Aunless you would accept Keirit as your husband. I think he would find that acceptable.@
Keirit? Better to die an old spinster. Right now. At twenty. Yeck. Not that Keirit was ugly. He was perfectly acceptable in that regard, clean and precise, impeccable in dress (a trait inherited from his mother=s side Jay guessed). Well shy of two meters tall, but very sturdily built. Perhaps his thick dark hair would someday disappear as had his father=s, but for now it was long and well kept. His eyes were deep brown and would be attractive except that she saw no real fire in them.
Therein lay the problem, Jay reflected. In his eyes and in his manner, there existed no spark of empathy. Keirit was flawlessly polite and frigidly impossible to read or reach.  While she understood that she might be forced to marry in order to preserve the estate, she would not be bound to a husband for whom she was merely an accessory.  Anyway, rumors had from time to time reached her ears - the servants of Heartstone had little incentive for blind loyalty. Recalling the stories brought a shiver to her spine even now.
AKeison would still become Lord, but he might allow you to remain at Greenstone.
Jay rose only to be polite to her remaining uncle, AThank you Uncle Leos, I will take that into consideration,@ she attempted a smile, not a chance in Hades.
AGood morning then to you. May peace be with you.@
The tremor of uncertainty she detected in his leave-taking betrayed he knew more than what was spoken.
AAnd peace to you,@ she replied.
After they filed out, she sat back down wearily. If the first morning was this difficult what did she have to look forward to in the future? In these few uncomfortable minutes she had uncovered an undercurrent in her family uglier than she ever realized when watching their dealings with her father. There would be trouble, that much was certain, but how much she could not guess. 
In the meantime, there was a heaping table of breakfast food which would be a crime to waste on the table. ACahsen.@
AMy Lady?@
ASend someone to the stables and get the all the staff in here. There is no sense in wasting this,@ she waved at the food.
AAnd send for Em. And for Captain Jarrod.@ Emily she just needed for her presence, the captain, she hoped, could shed some light on what had just happened. More to the point, on what she could expect in the future from the uncles. 
APeace@ she feared, was least likely.





Chapter 7
Titania

E
don wandered the city for several days engaged in enlisting help for his plan to Aretire@ as well as enjoying as much as it were possible, his participation by proxy in the festivities. His intentions wavered more than once until he decided that riding north first would be the safest bet, if just to see what was happening before heading west. Unobtrusively as he could, given his reputation, he checked around every tavern and ale house he knew, decent or dump, but his probes taught him nothing of what Malvic might be about. In the streets the crowds were laughing and dancing, drinking and feasting. The Ismanis boomed from the towers, deep voices invoking - with limited to no success - the people to piety. No real hint of any impending danger could be discerned. Yet Edon became more concerned over the days. He recruited no one to ride with him, and it seemed that nearly everyone not limited by a current contract was signing with Malvic. Money, it seemed, was talking, but no one else was.
He met in passing with his former trainer, Goffrey. Long enough to down an ale and commiserate on the situation, neither having any clarification for the other.  All he learned was that Tobias was heading south, willing to give up potential earnings until the situation became clear.
On this morning Edon followed a band of costumed troubadours as they moved in and out of the crowd. From time to time they paused in one of the many squares to perform different skits, primarily farces about the Queen or one of her policies. Having already decided he would leave on the morrow, since nothing seemed to be gained by staying, he amused himself by watching. Pickpockets wandered through the streets and he caught the wrist of a boy who bumped him. The captive squirmed but Edon easily constrained his escape attempts, AQuiet boy. Do you not see the legates? Are you stupid?@
AFleck you... Mister@ the afterthought of respect added in the hope it might gain him some leniency.
AOw... Lighten up, you=re hurting me.@
ANot likely,@ his grip was not meant to hurt. The lad stopped trying to escape and Edon sized him up. Twelve summers maybe. Not starving but hungry; Edon knew the face of hunger firsthand. He had apples in his pockets today. He pulled two from his pocket in one hand, AHere, eat,@ he offered one to the boy, releasing his hold. 
The boy took the fruit but instead of running leaned against the building where Edon had dragged him. He bit the apple and mimicked Edon=s posture against the wall. 
AThey’re good.@
AThe apples, yes.@
ANo dummy, the actors,@ the boy pointed with his apple hand. The troupe had finished a skit and was collecting coins from the pavement.
Edon frowned, he wasn=t very much interested in critiquing actors he didn=t know with a pre-teen pickpocket whom he also didn’t know. Wasn=t interested in critiquing actors period.  Plus, most adults should thwack the boy for the insolence. Was he hanging about expecting money now? Never pays to be nice Edon thought.
AYou be a mercer?@ Not really a question and a clear attempt to change the subject as if the youngster had picked up on his thoughts. 
Edon decided to ignore him and started walking after the troupe.
And was followed. AWho you work for mercer?@
AGo away.@ he commanded. His only desire today was to blend into the crowd, have an ale or two and a decent dinner. Watch the fireworks over the palace on the last night of Two Moons., alone and unbothered, Isman’s Mother was that too much to ask for?
Go away didn=t work, so he increased his pace although that engendered dodging between people somewhat impolitely.  AGo away you little pain in the arse.@
AI’m going to be a mercer when I grow up. A year or two.@		
Edon glanced down at his tag-a-long who had to nearly trot to keep pace.
ANot a good occupation boy. Anyway, you’re too little.@ A flecked-up ambition in any case as he well knew. Any tales of heroics and honor tended to be overblow or outright fallacious. 
AI=ll grow.@
ANo doubt,@ although he did doubt that the urchin would get big enough for that occupation.
AAnd where will you train?@
AI=ll find a mercer who needs a helper.@
ALike you,@ he added, Ayour boots need cleaning. And your clothes stink.@
Well slap me in the face! Impudent little bastard. Edon stopped and checked his boots only to see that they were covered in dust from the road, as well as what appeared to be some more offensive things. Seemed the Queen’s patrols had not kept up with the increased volume from the festivities.
I had a bath he defended.
AI didn=t say you stank, I said your clothes stink.@
They walked for a moment in silence with Edon contemplating the insult. As a mercer he would never easily blend with the citizenry, but he tried to remain relatively inconspicuous. Stinking was not inconspicuous.
AIt is hard to tell the difference,@ the boy added helpfully.
AI can clean. I can get your clothes washed - I know an okie place.@
When that passed without reply he added, AI can sharpen swords.@  A blatant lie, but he learned fast. 
AYou should talk about stink.@ was he really arguing with a what? A boy of twelve summers?
AI know horses. I can groom your horse,@ the boy fibbed, correctly surmising that this mercer would be mounted. He had the gait of a man who spent too much time in the saddle. 
Edon easily picked up on the lies. Likely the closest the kid got to a horse was seeing them from the sidewalk. 
ARight. You wouldn’t know a horse from a sheep,@ he started walking, again determined to lose the kid.
AI’m fast.@ the sound of coins stopped Edon in his tracks. He turned.
AWhat?@
The boy now stood just out of reach. In his hand was a purse. My purse Edon realized.
ALucifer=s flecking balls.@ 
Adrenalin kicked in and possible options rushed through his mind. At this distance he doubted he could grab the kid. Damned imp was not lying about being fast Edon realized, because he never even felt his purse go missing.  Also, the boy had expertly judged the distance between them, Edon saw that if he lunged, he would surely grasp only air, after which he would never be able to run down a boy in the crowd. He could call for the legates, but that would only bring attention he did not like, and they would be slower than him anyway.  He touched the hilt of a throwing knife in his waistband but as he locked eyes with the now cocky scoundrel, he saw that the odds of his retrieving a knife before the boy was gone were very slim. Anyway, he was not about to kill a boy for a dozen pieces of silver. ALittle flecker,@ he cursed half under his breath.
AWhat’s your name?@
ANobody. You never told me yours.@ he shook the coins tauntingly.
AI=ll make a deal.@
AWhat deal, I seem to have all the money?@ the silver jingled in the purse.
AHalf. And I won’t kill you,@ entirely a bluff, he already decided the boy was out of reach. Still, there were enough people about that Edon could choose to yell the customary, Athief,@ and the kid might be grabbed. Might. That would also get the legates involved. His purse would be evidence and the boy would be thrown in some prison from which he might never emerge.  
AI think not,@ the boy slid between the adults and disappeared in a blink.
Edon listened as his silver jingled for a second in the distance and thought that he heard a single word. 
AIan.@
 

Chapter 8
Castle Greenstone

Jay stood in the courtyard steadying Bellicose with both hands on his head. The stallion’s ears were laid back, but not all the way against his skull, and in between short little flicks of his tail, he would snort and shake his head.  Trained with the animal since he was a yearling, she knew that the massive mahogany stallion was literally as solid as a rock. Except around mages. Imas, mage to her father and her father=s father (and likely before that) approached warily. As he came closer Bellicose rolled his eyes and pulled the reins, antics currently meant merely to indicate his displeasure, and not yet serious. Though not specifically trained as a war horse, such was his lineage; he knew it, and was quite willing to make everyone else around aware that he knew it.
She smiled remembering as a child the many occasions she surreptitiously tailed Imas in the halls. His robes always draped to the floor and made a swishing sound as he walked, leaving her with the impression he was gliding. She never saw his feet and that had turned into a fascination. Maybe he floated. Today he drooped with age and she could tell he had feet, not that he so much walked now, but practically hobbled. 
AMy Lady,@ he nodded.
The deference her new position afforded was strange. This man was easily five times her age.
AMage Imas.@ 
Bellicose snorted but calmed somewhat as she stroked his forehead. Master and mount were well enough attuned that he knew that she knew that he was done showing off. 
AYou are headed to the farms?@  marking time before getting to his point. Young people never liked to be told what to do, or not do.
AYes.@  A message had come that yet another herd of cattle had been found dead in the pastures. Two weeks ago, when the problem was first identified, Imas had pronounced the dead animals, carcasses really - stinking, rotting and disgusting - as dead from an unknown illness or a poison, but not magic. AAt least,@ he declared, running his hands over the carcasses, causing Jay to nearly toss her stomach, Anot magic I am familiar with.@ He shook his head sadly, something evil snapped at their heels. The dead animals from Graystone farms were an indicator, not the illness. Then more came down from Heartstone. Imas spent days and nights in his study, doing exactly that, studying, his forehead raw from incessant rubbing with his hand as he pored over every tome he had. Nothing. No dead livestock had turned up in the Greenstone farms yet. That made no sense. He contacted some mages from the lower farms, no dead animals there either. At least none reported. 
AToday is not a good day for travel.@ he stated flatly. Bellicose shook his mane and snorted again. Jay was not sure if the gesture was meant as agreement or the reverse.
She waved her hand at the sky. ADon=t be silly, there is not a cloud in the sky.@ Anyway, he was a mage, not a prognosticator she informed him. Perhaps a little bit too snippily she realized after she had blurted the words out. 
ATrue My Lady.@ he bowed his head. ABut it is the not weather which worries me.@
Emily approached them on her roan mare. Jay noted the two fighting knives Emily had taken to quite ostentatiously wearing since being attacked. A little snooping around had enlightened Jiana that Em had been secretly training with some of the male guards when time permitted. Nothing formal, but still she was gaining some skills.
AThis is my home and my land, if I cannot visit my lands, how can I rule?@ Jiana insisted. Her intention was to visit Leos first since Castle Graystone was closer, and then on to Heartstone. The roads ran along the borders between the territories, through both farms and forests.
Jarrod came striding out, partly concealed behind Emily and her mount Following him were a half-dozen heavily armed cavalry and a supply wagon. Six of their few real soldiers, not the citizen volunteers. Which indicated that perhaps he had still not come to terms with her insistence on this journey.
Imas greeted the captain with a silent nod, and she quickly picked up that the two had spoken on this.
ACaptain,@ she greeted nonchalantly, waiting for what she knew was coming.
AMy Lady.@
ABit of a large contingent for my little trip don=t you think?@ 
AYou know the road runs through the forests Jay, and these animal deaths are not natural.@ he dropped the formality accorded her titles whenever he wanted to play the substitute father card.
Jay found this new proclivity, which Jarrod had begun shortly after he had learned of the attack on Emily, to be overstepping his position.  Still, she understood that he had served her father since before her birth, and the trait seemed harmless, if not occasionally charming. None the less, she alone would have to learn to be Lord of Greenstone.
Greenstone=s few and precious real horsemen were generally overworked patrolling the roads and the farms all the way to the foothills of the Alpinas. Although raids from the mountain men and highway robbers were not frequent, the distances involved kept their calvary more than busy. Since her father had a keen distaste for mercers, the castle never had men to spare. She mentioned that fact.
ASome of the riders staying volunteered to do extra duty. Anyway, I might call out some of the militia. They could use the training since the harvest is ending.@ 
No doubt this had been predetermined between the two men, further argument would just be wasted. AFine.@ She leaped upon the stallion before Jarrod could offer her a hand. 
AJiana,@ he grasped her bridle, Athis trip is not a good idea. I am the one who should be going.@
AAnd that is just plain silly Captain Jarrod. As Lord of this province I will not be afraid to ride my own roads,@she reiterated her previous exchange with the mage.
AAnyway, I think the journey will help acquaint me with the people,@ she added and bent over to gently disengage his hand from her reins.
Before she could move, two of the horsemen immediately trotted to the front to lead them out the great gate.
AScouts,@ Jarrod advised.
Happy for her that it rained only yesterday, or she would be riding in their dust all the way.  Emily trotted up to ride beside her just as she turned to wave at the few of the populace who were watching the departure. Imas and Jarrod stood side by side, each with an identical look on their faces. Sort of like an ox cart had rolled over their toes she thought.  
Chapter 9
The Via Neptunia

To disguise his intentions Edon choose to avoid the Via Primoria, which once completed had become the main route north to Neptunia, and all the way through to Saturia. Wider, better paved, and more direct than the ancient roads such as the Via Neptunia which followed the coast, the Primoria carried the bulk of the heavy commerce amongst the provinces, therefore it was better patrolled and generally safer.  Usually it was a faster route, so Malvic would almost certainly move his men along that highway. Edon suspected that if he chose to move them en masse, then Queen Daniela would almost certainly be perturbed enough to have him challenged.  Congregating that size army near any city was problematic. 
So, he guessed that they would trickle up the road to Neptunia a company or squadron at a time. Maybe converge somewhere between the cities. Who knew what the mages would make of the small army, it wouldn=t be a serious threat to them (really wasn=t a threat to Daniela either, Edon knew, but she was a bit paranoid about potential problems). In any case, the meandering coastal route provided him a better chance of anonymity.
The coast road alternated between stretches of flat easy traveling along the beaches, and more arduous steep, curved sections carved into the hills and cliffs where the sea sometimes beat against the rocks close enough to the road to splash over it when the wind was coming from offshore. Most of the length was paved with the typical, cheaper to produce, red pavers. Most of it was well maintained, and the most of it ran about three meters in width, just wide enough for two carts to pass, if a bit tight. On the cliffs though it narrowed and showed signs of neglect. Fishing villages dotted the track every few leagues, all the way to the border with Neptunia. There a ferry crossed the Muse River and the road veered inland about half a league toward the city center. The villagers along the way were friendly, the abundant seafood was a welcome change to his diet, and the weather held, so other than the malaise of undercurrent about Malvic, the journey was pleasant.  
Edon rode in silence, allowing the crashing surf and the odors of brine and seaweed to unwind him. Expending mental energy to question his decisions would not change Fate. Fate kept its own agenda, one which would likely supersede his plans at some point.  Consequently, whatever was brewing, Edon was certain it would likely catch up to him or vice versa. His last meeting with Tobias had been nearly as un-informative as had all his previous inquiries.  Tobias had shaken his head in consternation and told Edon that he and the remaining the Black Angels would head south looking for whatever work they might find but halting at the border city of Niteria. From there he knew he could quickly move back up the Primoria if required or stay put and safe. Tobias had sat grim faced at his command table with maps spread out in front of him, the arc between his eyebrows deeply furrowed. A flat pencil twirled about his fingers in between moving to his mouth where he chewed the end. - a certain clue to his deep unsettledness. “I have less information than you,” Tobias told Edon, and he had lost several dozen fighters to the larger contractor. Whatever was afoot somehow remained a closely held secret, even though that much money would usually leave a trail somewhere.
Finally, after a lot of pressure and leaning on past chits, Edon got Tobias to admit that he had taken assignment with Daniela. His remaining troops were riding south to reinforce the small royal forces at Niteria, and maybe a few of his losses to Malvic were now Daniela=s spies. 
Edon declined the invitation to ride with them, because the whole situation reeked of war. Patrolling borders and catching wild men for slaves was one thing (well two things he thought), but major warfare usually made waste of mercenaries. He stuck to his deception about heading west, saluted and wished Tobias well.
They rode out in the middle of the night to prevent prying eyes from observing their direction.
They being him, and his new Aaide,@ Ian.
Ian rode a spotted pony with a long shaggy pelt.  Ian had named him, AHorse.@ Possibly out of wishful thinking.  The saddle was many years older than the rider (likely older than me Edon thought) worn smooth and shiny in places and raggedly in others.
The boy had popped out from around a corner when Edon had been exiting the Queen=s Knight the very evening before Edon was going to leave. With the purse in his hand. 
ALose something,@ he smirked and rattled the coins.
As previously he judged the distance to remain just far enough away to be out of reach. Edon briefly checked the far corner of the intersection for the two legates that normally loitered there. Not today. Anyway, the boy was probably adept at outrunning legates. Otherwise he would already be in prison.
AIan? Is it?@ he stalled and moved a step closer.
AYep.@ the thief eyed his distance back into the alley. Edon guessed that another step and the boy would flee to safety. He stopped.
AOK, I=ll bite. What do you want?@
AA deal.@
AA deal? Like you said, you have all the money.@
ATrue,@ he shook the coins, ABut you can have it back.@
AExcept for one silver. I need one silver to buy a horse and saddle.@
AYou can’t buy a horse for one silver.@ At least not anything in a condition healthy enough to bear a rider. 
AI have one picked out.@
AThat=s it? One silver?@
AOne other thing. I ride with you when you leave with the Angels.@
ASorry boy, I’m not riding with them anymore. At least not at this time.@
For a moment Ian appeared put off, but he recovered quickly. AI ride with you wherever then. You can train me to be a mercer.@
ANo. You=re too damn skinny anyway. And I can’t feed you.@
The silver rattled again. AThere’s over twenty silvers in here. I don=t eat much. And that’s a good deal you ask me.@
AShite, I thought that it was only ten. I would have killed you for that much.@
AToo late now.@
AWell, don=t count on that,@ Edon growled, mostly to try to scare the damned imp, he had already once decided not to kill him.
AI said I’d give it back,@ the bag jangled in his hand.
AYou give me back my money to feed and teach you?@ he growled, ASome deal that.@
Edon silently cursed his folly for carrying that much coin in his purse in the city, Aanyway stop flaunting it around, you’re going to bring us some real trouble.@
ASeems as I said, I have the money. Question is, do you want it?@
Twenty silvers was a lot of coin to walk away from. Supplies in the city of the mages were overpriced. Since he might be going some time unpaid, he was forced to weigh all the options.  Lose the kid at Neptunia he reasoned.
ADeal. But I am leaving tomorrow before dawn. You meet me at the stable with a horse. No horse and the deal is off.@ 
AShake.@
AI think not.@ Ian opened the purse and withdrew ten coins which he stacked in two piles on the pavement.
AHalf now, half tomorrow when we leave.@
AYou don=t trust me.@ not a question. 
ANope.@ Ian ducked into the alley and was gone from sight before Edon had retrieved his money.
ATomorrow.@ the word echoed down the brick walls.
The pony, despite not being a “horse,” was stocky and proved to have the endurance for the slightly quick pace Edon intentionally set. He thought that Shade might wear down the smaller animal, but no such luck. Plus, Ian rode with a confidence that demonstrated that he was not altogether new to horses, although his squirming after a few hours showed that he was unused to long periods in the saddle.
AIf you can’t keep up, I will not wait.@ 
Ian grunted. ADon=t worry about me,@ he hissed through clenched teeth.
AWorry is the last thing I will do.@
But in the next village he relented and found some bear fat salve from a medicine woman. 






Chapter 10
City of Moria

Tryan was decidedly unhappy with the progress the Sandian forces had made inching toward Moria. In his mind the movement of armies was the most difficult part of war, just feeding them was far more complicated than the actual tactics on the battlefield. Plus, an army caused a stir among the villages and farms it passed. Talk and rumor always traveled more rapidly than the fastest infantry. But Idwal did not seem to be worried about speed, slowing their pace nearly every day after they had passed through the Plains of Fire just to hunt deer. 
ATryan, you worry too much,@ he had retorted when Tryan had expressed his concern. AWar is like a good stew. The best cook does not reveal all the ingredients, and the pot must be simmered properly. As the First General, not knowing all the ingredients was a problem in Tryan=s mind, but he wisely held his tongue.
As a result of the Emperor=s procrastination, they reached Moria some two days after the forces from Austia had camped a league outside the city walls.  Immediately he had his engineers sent out to prepare breastworks and defenses since they would likely be camped for several days. Then he went to tour the Austians= camp. Like most coastal peoples, the Austians were primarily a fishing and trading folk, and their conscript infantry was of dubious quality. The bulk of the city=s defense rested upon one battalion of professional foot guards and two squadrons of cavalry, one of which had remained at the city.
Despite the large number of amateur soldiers, Tryan found the camp was laid out well and in good order. Except that there were no perimeter defenses erected. Tryan marched through the dirt avenues toward the center of the camp savoring the typical aromas of a military encampment. Cooking, sweat, horses and feces. He loved them all. A few men looked up from whatever chores they were involved as he strode past. Not used to seeing an officer of his rank walking alone, most of them were too flabbergasted to react.  Some of the professionals clumsily leaped to a semblance of attention, pots or boots or swords in hand, some actually finding their wits and saluting. He nodded back and made a small wave-salute.  
He located the command tent pretty much as expected, at the camp=s center. A pavilion constructed of planks hovered over the dirt and potential mud should it rain. Flaps were drawn tight on the front but did not prevent the twitter of females from drifting out to where two armored guards stood more or less at attention. Tryan was not opposed to entertainment. After a camp was secure. And after flecking hours for Lucifer=s sake.
He noted that at least the guards were at least alert enough to draw up straighter as they apprised his purple cape and the eagles on his helmet. 
AGeneral,@ one of them whispered as he drew near.
AAt ease corporal.@
AYour commander?@
AInside sir.@
A peel of female laughter barely muffled by the heavy canvass rang out.
The corporal visibly winced.  
AI wouldn=t go in there sir.@
ADo you see that?@ he pointed to his helmet.
AYes sir.@
AWhat is it?@ more laughter from within and Tryan found his temper flaring. A feature of his personality he worked to control because he knew that failure to do so could result in calamity.
Eagle sir, Golden eagle.@
AWhat the fleck does it mean soldier?@ his voice raised and angry.
The perplexed soldier was now tongue tied.
AGeneral sir,@ he stammered. AUgh. General of the Army?@
AIt means that I can go any deus-damned place I want son... And I want to go in there.@
AYes sir.@
AWell open the deus-damned flap,@ he ordered.
They both jumped to open the tent and nearly collided.
He heard one of them mutter as he passed inside, ALucifer=s fleckin= balls.@
ASssh.@
The soldiers had dropped the flaps behind him, allowing only a brief flash of light upon his entry.
And that apparently was not enough light to detract the inhabitants from their entertainment, nor alert them to his presence. Tryan removed his helmet and spun it slowly in his hands in front of him as he waited for his eyes to adjust, and to be noticed.
Suddenly one of the women shrieked upon being the first - he guessed - to turn in his direction. Using her hands she attempted to cover her breasts and lady parts, although he was skeptical as to why she bothered. There were four men in the room already, how did he make a difference. Of course the men, like the lady entertainers, were naked or semi-naked.
Which became very awkward for them as they came to recognize him. Or at least his rank, he did not recognize two of them, so they would not know him.
Dalian he did recognize. Battle-scarred and somewhat old for his post. He stood at attention with one hand using a lady=s blouse to cover his genitals.
AGeneral?@ His normally deep voice had a bit of higher pitch to it.
AWe were not expecting you.@ 
Dalian=s deep comprehension of the obvious was the reason he remained only a glorified battalion commander.
AWe will deal with this later,@ he swept his arm around the room. ALadies - OUT.@
The women scattered to find their clothes and dress. One of them snatched the tunic from Dalian=s hand.
AShite.@ he grumbled.
ANo - out - now. Dress later.@
The women grabbed what they could and dodged past him, breasts a-bounce in their dash for the exit.	
In the meantime, the men were awkwardly drawing on pants.
AGeneral Dalian.@ Tryan=s voice when he was angry drew out low and dangerously, reminding some of a crocodile=s hiss.
ASir.@ he stopped dressing and attempted to look like a soldier at attention. With pants at his knees that had to appear ludicrous he knew, but at this point he was terrified. Tryan=s anger could prove fatal.
AIs this what you call a camp.@
ASir?@
AA camp General. An encampment. Is this your flecking idea of a military camp?@
AYes-sir?@
AReally? Are there battlements@ Palisades? Defenses? Observation posts?@
Dalian hesitated.
AWell?@ Tryan spread his hands in question. 
AWe... we are in friendly territory Sir.@
AFriendly territory. Right. Did someone send you a letter then? Dearest general, everyone here loves you?@
ANo Sir... Obviously not.@
AObviously not Dalian... Obviously.@  He drew his sword and beat the flat of it angrily against his leg.
ADid Urania send a crow over the mountains informing you that they were in a peaceful mood and they had no intention of attacking?@
ANo.@
ADo you even have any idea where Urania=s army is?@
ANo Sir, how could I?@
AYou can’t you flecking imbecile. Which is why you have a half hour to get some breastworks and entrenchments built.@
Dalian quickly pulled up and fastened his pants and reached for his tunic. 
ANow General,@ he spat the title drolly.  
AGeneral.@
Dalian stopped dead in front of the tent flaps, a shiver ran down his spine.
AYou ever do this again and I will personally lop your stupid head off,@ Tryan slapped his sword against his leg to emphasize the point.
Dalian just dashed out of the tent.
ANow, who in Lucifer=s balls are you three arse-holes? 






Chapter 11
Graystone

For well-nigh a hundred leagues the route to Graystone meandered westward along the Horse River, so named following a famous battle during the War of Fire during which the Mages had ambushed and slaughtered an entire cavalry corps attempting to ford the river. Dead horses were said to have washed down the river past Greenstone and into the sea for a month. After leaving the river the road veered north and cut through a narrow section of Heartstone lands consisting of rolling foothills covered in tall pines and spruces. Small villages dotted the way, most earning their keep by farming, although the ones along the river also harvesting the bountiful sturgeon for protein. In the hillier regions the villages were spread thinly and tended to rely upon sheep farming.  They found no lack of food early on the journey as every village had racks of drying fish and eels. Nor really was this the section that had worried Jarrod.  The villages were numerous enough and small houses were scattered between them.  Patrols were not frequent, but the trail was not wild.
Where the lane veered slightly north into the forests toward Graystone gave Jarrod cause for concern. While not prohibited from patrolling into the other territories, Greenstone patrols followed the unwritten convention that all three territories confine their patrols to their own lands. Plus, villages were fewer in the forests, and some tended to be a little stand-offish. 
However, Jay had found the trip to be completely pleasant. Moderately warm fall days with pleasingly chill evenings. The fertile dark soil supported an array of blooming undergrowth, and heady scent of the pine trees filled the fall air. Many of the villagers in the forest regions were hunters, dealing in furs or meat, and nearly all were eager of news from the outside. 
The party usually made camp early, before dark, gathering deadwood for bonfires and roasting meat and baking potatoes or creating stews for dinners. They usually chose to camp just outside whatever village they were near at day=s end, consequently, they were often entertaining visitors.  The trip evolved into an idyllic working vacation and when possible, they slept under furs in the open, enjoying the view of the stars through the branches. Emily, decidedly more reserved since the attack, began to laugh again when they lay next to each other whispering under the trees and stars of the world and men, and men and love. Emily was now flirting unabashedly with one of the young escorts. Jay caught her making silly eyes and touching his hands or arms whenever the two got close.
Which brought Jay a small pang of jealousy. The thin silver bracelet of intention still adorned her right wrist, placed there by a young and aspiring cavalry officer when they were both seventeen.  Her father had vehemently disapproved but wisely said nothing, figuring that the romance was a childish flirtation which would die away on its own. The young man had been slain in an ambush by unknown attackers who had then escaped into the mountains. She had since resisted all advances, as well as her late father=s attempted arrangements. At one point he lost his temper and accused her of wallowing in grief over a mere puppy love. That teed her off so badly that she had not spoken to him for a week. After which she informed him that she had promised to love for life, so for all intents she was a widow. 
But the tiny little glances, and the attention the young man paid Emily ignited a small flame like heartburn in Jay’s chest. She even envied Emily for the pungent masculine smell of him, leather and horse-sweat. Emily probably realized that a lady=s maid was by tradition expected to remain a maid (or at least not marry and bear children).  So, she was most likely enjoying a brief summer romance. Jay bit the inside of her lip, despite her personal loss, how could she ever impose such a cruel fate on another woman, certainly not one whom she so deeply loved as Em. But should she wait until the subject became broached? Would Emily voluntarily and unhappily end the romance? Would Jay lose the depth of bond they shared since childhood if Emily married? Everything would be changed. She, Jay, eventually becoming a bitter old spinster. Emily with a devoted husband and surrounded by children and grandchildren. 
Jiana had grown up wanting for nothing. Following the loss of her father she suddenly found that now more than anything she wanted companionship. The burden of rule was settling upon her, and she felt the weight even during this otherwise pleasant journey.  She would ultimately be responsible for the fates of many of these people she was meeting. While she had been trained by her father for this responsibility, she had never expected it to drop upon her shoulders on such short notice.  The combined loss of her father and the new-found obligations of her position intruded heavily upon her thoughts; even more so for the last two days of the journey to Graystone. Such broodings seemed to make her small jealousy hurt worse, and so she became quiet. Enough so that Emily noticed and commented on her mood.  Jay blew her off, perhaps a bit too churlish for the situation. Emily=s eyes started, and her face went red, but she said nothing. They rode the last hour in silence through the town that had grown up around Graystone and made it without any serious incident to the castle despite Jarrod=s worry.
Greystone was the smallest of the three castles built in Saturia. Too small these days to house and protect the town that had grown up around it. Like Greenstone, Graystone was literally named for the color of the granite from which it was built. The stone had been mined from the mountains against which the castle backed. The front was a traditional fortress with a moat and a rather imposing barbican consisting of two towers and a massive iron portcullis. The heavy spear-like bars were arranged to fall into holes painstakingly drilled half a meter into the granite floor. The flow of the stream diverted to become the moat only allowed protection for the front and one side. The barrier was spanned by a stone bridge rather than a drawbridge. The castle consisted of three walls, the rear protected by the sheer granite cliffs rising into the unpassable Alpina Mountains. 
Messages having been exchanged by crow before their departure, and at various times during the journey, Leos waited their arrival in the first bailey. The exhaust of forges hung in the air - the smoke being unable to vent over the walls - burnt charcoal and black burnstone with the oily smell of melted steel. Hammers clanged on anvils.  A curious amount of industry but Jay filed her questions away for later. For now, her uncle was approaching, all smiles, and hands out as if to help her from Bellicose. Behind him was an extravagantly robed younger mage with a huge mane of braided black hair hanging past his shoulders, and a small well-trimmed beard. Jay had never seen him before. Leos= son walked next to him, attired in impeccability polished boots and a uniform sporting newly minted captain=s insignia. Jay slid nimbly over Bellicose=s back and dropped lightly to the ground before Leos could reach her. If she expected him to stop at that she was mistaken.
Before she could quite react, he had continued into her private space and clumsily wrapped her in an embrace. AMy dear niece.@ He patted her back as if to confirm his sincerity. AI am so happy you are here.@
She extracted herself as tactfully as she could from his arms and his breath which reeked of venison and mead. Stepping back, she made the slight nod of greeting typical from a Lord to a subject.
AUncle.@
Jay saw a small flicker of what she thought was displeasure harden his eyes, but he rapidly concealed it. Her cousin Leopold stood all too stiffly to one side.
She nodded to him, ACaptain Leopold,@ his cue to bow as proper. Instead he offered his hand. ADear cousin,@ he took her hand into both of hers and intentionally held it for too long. Leopold was of average height with very dark and curly hair, dark eyes, and a wide smile. Jay had once admitted to Emily when they were barely thirteen, under the covers of her bed, to having a cousin crush on him. 
He was not smiling now.
Leos interrupted the uncomfortable moment. AIt is so thoughtful of you to come out personally to see this problem.@ Somehow, she perceived, that was likely a lie.  
AYou should have sent Imas or even Jarrod,@ omitting the Captain=s title. As an insult? Provocation?
She had told her own advisors, Graystone had its own mages and animal healers, sending more of them was not likely to solve the issue. Of course their argument, equally valid even though she didn=t want to admit it, was what did she know about mysterious animal illnesses.
Jay, still a bit discomfited, could not find quite the proper answer. Some sense outside her ability to define it, strongly insisted that Uncle Leos was lying, that he had all along wanted her to take the journey. Perhaps she should have listened to her advisors?
Leos saved her from further introspection, A Come, let=s go have lunch,@ and led the four of them to two large and ridiculously ornate carriages waiting behind him.
AWe will ride to the manse in style.@
 Strangely, Leos separated himself and son to one carriage, and the two women to the other.  The carriages bore them through the inner bailey where a large contingent of uniformed troops with halberds drilled under a sergeant of arms, again, she contemplated without comment, not what she would think to be a usual sight for Graystone. Past the inner walls, the coach transported them through streets designed to be wide enough for movement despite rows of merchants= shops whose wares quite often intruded on the roadway. Fruits and meats and robes and even weapons all were on display under gaily colored awnings which all but blocked some of the walkways.  Complete normalcy here, despite the activities in the yards.
AJay. Look.@ Em pointed. AI think I saw Saxos.@ 
Jay followed Emily=s indication but saw nothing in the commotion of people who were both shopping and gawking at the passing of official carriages. 
AAre you sure? Why would Saxos be in Graystone?@ The latter question was of course rhetorical, Emily would have no idea why Saxos, who commonly hated to come down from the far North, would put aside their deep-seated aversion to “The Tall People” (as they called humans, usually managing only a small disdain) and be in the shopping district of a human town.
AI saw them, I know I did.@
 They slowed to turn a corner onto the double wide avenue leading to the quad and beyond that the ministers= halls and the manor, and there they were. Or at least there were two of them, probably a head shorter than the shortest man, but stout, and every bit as heavy as an average man. Clad in the triple thick leather jackets and the conical protective helmet typical of their burrowing race, these two seemed intent on shopping and paid scant attention to the passing of the ornate carriages. From the sacks in their hands Jiana surmised that the two Saxos had just emerged from a shop of brightly colored serapes hung flapping from tall racks. Many of the dyes produced in the lower regions were not available in the north and a few trade routes had evolved with cotton, and dyes and cheeses mainly going north, and iron goods including fine axes and swords returning. But as far as she knew, the Saxos did not venture south to shop, especially for scarves. Especially not attired like miners. That was a mystery that she must address with her uncle. 
In the morning however a somewhat surly servant informed her that Leos had left the castle during the night to personally investigate an incursion of the mountain men on an outlying farm. Her cousin was left to host them at a decent but by no means sumptuous breakfast. However slight, Jay recognized the absence as an insult. Leopold provided vacuous explanations to her questions, as though he did not deign her of a status to that would require him to take her seriously.  After the meal they set out with her escort and a squad of Graystone=s cavalry. Leopold led the expedition riding a stallion which upon scenting Bellicose, reared in angry challenge. Bellicose snorted in a restrained reply that still left no doubt of his willingness to engage. Jay leaned over her stallion=s neck and whispered while stroking his head.  When the young mage from the other day approached, Bellicose stiffened his front legs and began lightly stomping one rear hoof in anger. Ears laid back, he shook his head and snorted. AIt’s okay,@ she leaned over to whisper in his ear, AI don=t like him either.@ 
Introduced as Ianxx, he extended a hand, the touch of which on hers was cold, and his breath on her skin as he kissed her hand whispered of darkness. She hid a shiver, but not altogether effectively. After the pleasantries the wizard became mute, only her cousin deigned to speak to her.
The two farms they called on exhibited the same condition, dead sheep or in some cases cows with no obvious sign of distress on the animals. To her eyes the carcasses appeared freshly deceased, there was little bloating or stench. She noted that discord in the apparent tragedy.
AA mystery for sure.@ Leopold agreed too hastily when she quizzed him on the return journey. 
AWe are baffled also,@ the mage broke his silence.
In the end she learned nothing. Nothing about the deaths of the farm animals and nothing about the mobilization of Graystone=s forces other than they were increasing patrols presumably due to the livestock mortalities.
Leos failed to return for the entire week they spent at Graystone. Frustrated but rested they set out for Heartstone. She loosed a crow back to Jarrod with her findings and, A I told you so,@ about the lack of dangers on the journey.  She failed to mention the training or forges she spotted in the bailey, and as interesting as it was seeing the Saxos in person, saw no reason to mention the sighting to her Captain.






Chapter 12
Neptunia
     
Neptunia had not changed since Edon’s recent visit (nor since it had been first built for that matter), clearly the city was in motion, but the motion lacked vitality. The people scurried about their activities with the dull intensity of the constantly surveilled.  Nor was the general populace particularly responsive to queries and Edon failed to gain any significant knowledge as to the undercurrent he sensed while in Urania. 
He suspected that Malvic should have arrived before them, so he avoided his normal haunts to avoid recognition. He noticed that a good many mercers were roaming about the streets. Edon had no idea which of them, if any, might be employed by Malvic.  Mercers were known to be virulent gossipers, and word of his presence could easily get around. Not a huge fan of being on the working end of potentially pernicious gossip, Edon determined to remain anonymous.  But Malvic himself did not seem to be in the city. Edon soon found his furtiveness to be less than profitable for spying, and after two fruitless days in the city, he changed tactics. For two coppers he literally bought the rags off the back of a beggar he found fall-down drunk in an alley, and having soiled his face with charcoal ash, prepared to do a more in-depth probe. Ian smeared more dirt on his face, but Edon noted that the boy=s leggings and tunic were already threadbare enough for him to pass as a beggar.
AYou are going to need new clothes.@
Ian made a face, AWhy, these are fine.@
AIt’s going to get cooler as we go north. Anyway, fall is coming.@
AI don=t have money.@
Edon scoffed, A you=re a flecking thief.@
AI only steal when I have to.@
AYou robbed me.@
ABrought it back didn=t I?@
A cool shock of realization hit him. AYou played me.@ he demanded, not sure how to face the fact that a twelve-year-old had conned him.
AI wouldn=t exactly put it that way.@
AYeah, right,@ he growled and then threatened, Awe=ll deal with that later.@
AMeantime keep your mouth shut and ears open,@ Edon ordered. AAsk for alms, pretend you=re blind or something. You need the money for clothes if you=re too proud to steal it.@
They left the city the next night just after dust. Just as baffled as he had been when he arrived. All he had learned was that more mercers were in the city than any self-respecting governor would allow. Edon led them back to the coast road. Only Lunar was in the sky at this early hour, but being the brighter of the two, even waning it cast enough light to find the road.  He scratched absently at his scalp.
AWe should have stayed at an inn.@ Ian had objected for the entire time they stayed in Neptunia about the sleeping arrangements. The stable Edon chose on the fringe of the market sector he personally found to be quite comfortable. Good enough for the horses he reasoned, good enough for us.
Edon reached under his arm and relieved an itch.
AWe could have been recognized.@
AI=ve never stayed in an inn.@
AJust a glorified house.@ His groin region itched.
AI wanted to try whoring, all the mercers were talking about whoring.@
Well at least he had been listening Edon thought.
AYou=ve got no money. The >ladies= like to be paid.@
ABesides, you’re too young for whoring. You don=t even know what that means.@
AI do too. Seen the drawings.@
Edon let that comment ride.
AWatched once.@
AHmptt. Don=t want to know.@
They rode in silence for a few leagues, the clop of the horses’ shoes on the stone the only sound, finally crossing a stone bridge over a slow stream. The moonlight from Lunar reflected from the leisurely curve of a deep pool. Nearby an owl hooted. He pulled up in a clearing on the far side. Obviously, the campsite saw heavy use by travelers and he hated the possible risk, but his skin was crawling. 
Ian pulled his pony to a stop confused, he had expected to ride through the night.
ABuild a fire,@ Edon ordered.
AIan. A good one.@ his head felt like his scalp might literally catch fire.
He stripped off all his clothes dropping them in a pile.
ABurn them - and for Lucifer=s sake don=t touch them.@
Ian stared wordlessly as the mercer shed all his clothes with a speed that suggested they might already be afire. 
AWhat?@
Edon turned away to the river carrying a knife and a bar of harsh lye soap.
Ian stared , but wisely held his tongue.  A weird crosshatch appeared to have been incised into the left shoulder. Ian turned and hurried to get wood. Survival on the streets had a way of teaching one when to mind one’s business. When the mercer waded into the water, Ian glanced back and saw deep scars on the muscular back, visible even in the low light. Ian had sought out Edon because his reputation around the haunts of the mercers approached mythic. The gruesome scars the man bore were enough to make Ian reconsider his intended new profession. He shook his head; how could the man not be dead? Ignoring an involuntarily shudder he picked up firewood silently.  
The creek banks were thankfully shallow and sandy, allowing Edon to wade out over waist deep. Ice cold water swirled around his torso and he dunked his head under. Lucifer=s balls, how was it not ice? Twice he lathered completely with the harsh soap and rinsed.
He waded closer to shore and re-lathered in the shallows. Using a knife he began shaving, crudely removing his thick black hair, then his cheeks and beard.  Arms. Body, back (a struggle to reach and from the feel of it bleeding when he was done), legs, groin. Lice were not that unusual in a military camp and he had learned long ago the only way to deal with the onerous little bugs was a brutal cleansing. 
On the banks Ian had a substantial blaze burning. Embers floated on the heat, drifting between the branches overhead far up into the night sky. He would have to speak to the boy about maintaining their concealment. ABuild a fire@ did not mean build a signal bonfire. Ian was using a stick to carefully lift the contaminated clothing over the blaze dropping one piece at a time to avoid stifling the flames. The resulting stink would repel any four-legged predators for the night; Edon wrinkled his nose in distaste. He had worn those rags? Ugh. He sheathed the knife securely on his ankle and lathered a final time before wading out far enough to dive into the cold dark water. His skin burned from the soap and the rough shave, so he swam out to the center and allowed the coolness to refresh his tormented skin.
Upon splashing his way back to shore, he discovered Ian was standing on the bank outlined by the fire behind him. Two men stood next to him, one to each side.
Both held swords, the one on the right just a standard-length legionnaire=s straight sword. The other, the leader Edon surmised, held Edon=s Lorei and had his own sword sheathed. 
AGentlemen,@ he moved closer to the presumed leader until he was standing on his towel without picking it up. Most men falsely believed that a naked man was inherently more vulnerable. 
AAre you joining us for dinner?@
The look on Ian=s face was choice. His blue eyes were already as large as plates, Edon wasn=t sure if that was a result of his own intentionally lewd nudity or their predicament. 
ANah. We be looking for coin and horse. Looking like you have both.@
Their idiom placed them from the west of the mountains.
Edon nodded slightly, his mouth forming a small crooked smile that did not quite expand into a grin.
ADinner is free, we=ll be having rabbit stew. Horses...@he shook his head, Anot so free.@
AYou be standing there naked telling me and Sotho here what we=s can have?@ 
AYes.@ He had found what he was searching for now, a third highwayman, concealed in the bushes some ten paces back, firelight gleaming from the whites of his eyes. Very likely armed with a crossbow. That is how Edon would have arranged the ambush. Definitely an inconvenience. 
AYouse a naked fool,@ he guffawed, head thrown back in derision and sword rising to strike. The hard bar of soap struck the intruder squarely on the forehead in that split second during his guffaw when his eyes left Edon. The mercer grabbed the man=s lapels with one powerful hand pulling the stupefied bandit toward him. The point of a bolt suddenly protruded through his ribs, and he exhaled softly, bubbles of blood on his lips. The man in the bushes jerked upright at his mistake and fumbled to reload his weapon. Edon=s knife caught him in the neck, a fraction above the collarbone and he crashed dying into the bushes.
Having lost sight of the third man, Edon executed a forward roll out of instinct and heard the sword whisper just over his butt.  He gained his feet with his back coated in sand and scraped by the rocks but facing the final adversary. 
Fear glinted in the man=s eyes and he kept poking the sword at Edon with short little ineffectual jabs.
AGet back. I=ll kill ya.@
Edon faked a lunge which his opponent countered with an unbalanced swing that left him off kilter. The mercer=s heel caught the man a crushing blow to the nose and knocked him senseless to the sand. Edon pounced upon him, smashing the bandit=s lolling head on the ground once again for good measure, and then choked him to death. 
When that bit of nasty business was complete, he arose and went back into the stream to clean himself. Emerging once more, he called for Ian.
AAre you alright?@ The sounds of sobbing and puking came out of the dark
AYou can come out.@
Edon turned his back and pulled on a clean set of clothes. When he turned around Ian was standing a few feet from the dead men, his face streaked with tears. 
AI ran.@
Sometimes running was the smartest thing you could do in a fight. He said the same.
AI threw up.@
AYeah. I heard that. It happens.@
Edon pointed to the stream, AWash your face.@
He proceeded to strip the bodies, looking first for decent weapons and money. The pickings were slim, but he found a pouch with a few silvers on the leader, and the smaller man had the serviceable legion sword.
AYou=re robbing them.@ Actually Edon thought Ian was a bit more world-wise. Surely, he had seen dead men before. 
ANot exactly.@
You=re taking their stuff.@
He tossed the purse to the boy who surprised, was still able to react quickly enough to catch it. The short sword he proffered hilt first.
ATake this, throw yours into the creek. This one is better. And his boots. They’re close to your size.@
Ian hesitated.
ABoy, they won’t be using these where they are now. You need them.@
AHe ain=t got lice if you’re worried about that, I checked. Any way you ain=t likely to get lice from the feet@
After they had stripped the bodies, Edon had Ian help him toss them into the creek. Items that wouldn=t burn were thrown in the creek; the rest was fed to the fire. 
Once those unsavory tasks were completed, they saddled back up and rode out. Hardtack and water for dinner as they rode. Ian was still showing a bit of shock and didn=t bother to complain. But Edon worried. Bandits from the West should not be roaming the roads this close to Neptunia. Likely meant something was forcing them away from their home terrain. Conscription he presumed. When Sandia wanted conscripts the sheriffs in Terra Minor were authorized to detain and draft any able-bodied man not deemed essential to their town.  Many of the free-riders (as they liked to term themselves regardless of actual possession of a horse) would rather roam into uncharted territory than be drafted into the rigors of an army. 
If that were the case, then why would Sandia be building an army, and how would Malvic know, since it seemed apparent to Edon that Malvic had to be involved? Or at least the coincidence was suspicious.  








Chapter 13
Terra Minor - Base of the Alpina Mts.

They were dead center in the middle of (as his father had been wont to say), ABum-fleck-nowhere,@ which was enough to make Tryan more than a bit uneasy as he toured the perimeter. The army now consisted of levies from all the main cities and provinces of Terra Minor and had swelled to some fifteen thousand infantry and well over two thousand light and heavy horsemen. A Lucifer=s damned headache to feed and move. Especially in the forests and foothills at the base of the mountains. All in all, they had made good time, despite having to cut some new trails to accommodate supply wagons - Idwal had finally tired of hunting deer.  Satisfied with the defenses, Tryan led a continent of commanders back toward the center of the camp and Idwal=s tents. 
The sun had yet to set but the height of the trees blocked most of the light, casting an eerie gloom over the clearing which sat at the base of a rather large mineshaft. The middle of nowhere, as best he could tell by his maps and the general location of the sun, had to about directly west of Graystone castle, and had developed a strange hole in the mountain.
AWe are going to be late.@ Dalian observed, worried that the Emperor would be displeased.
Tryan grunted, neither a yes nor a no. Idwal would be far more displeased if they were attacked and the defenses breached.
He spared a glance upward at the opening of the mineshaft when a pile of rubble rattled down the side.
Sunlight still lit the mountain at that height and he could make out the Saxos and their carts. Industrious little devils he reflected. How the heck Idwal had enticed Saxos to come this far down south was a mystery. One which he expected Idwal to clear up tonight. He tired of the little secrets. If you could not trust your first general, who could you trust.   
Idwal=s headquarters tent stood about as tall as three men. The exterior was perhaps ten meters square, the top pyramided to a point from which Idwal=s flag flew. Tonight the blue and white sparring lion hung limply from the post. The interior was spacious enough to host double the number of generals and commanders as would be attending the briefing. He pushed past the two guards, pulled open the gaily blue-white striped tent flaps and entered without announcement. Lanterns hanging on each pole lit the table in the center which held wine and refreshments to one side, maps on the other. Idwal, the ringlets in his black hair and beard perfectly oiled, sat at an imposing carved mahogany chair. The thick wood top of the table was the same red mahogany with carved legs and skirt. The table was carved in the shape of a truncated pyramid and left no doubt as to where the power in the room was invested. 
AGeneral.@ Idwal did not stand but nodded while a maid refilled a goblet with wine. Tryan avoided a frown, bowing deeply to his ruler, AEmperor.@He was constitutionally against carrying luxuries to war. Carrying a throne, even a small one, and royal service-ware meant that a mule or a slave was not carrying food or spears or arrows. A dangerous waste.
And the six scantily attired serving maids were over the top. The generals and commanders who had dutifully filed in behind him would be too busy ogling the women=s teats to pay attention to the maps and strategy.  Anyway, the women better get some warmer flecking clothes before long, or they might be serving ice milk instead of wine he noted sourly. Tryan did not care for women, or men either for that matter. When the urge became overwhelming, he would rent a receptacle. When the urge was satisfied the Aescort@ would barely have time to pull on clothing before being pushed out the door. Distraction was all it was. And if Idwal had a fault, Tryan knew, it was his insistence on constant distraction.
The Emperor waited without another word while the men shuffled about and found seats, Tryan and the generals at his left hand, the right-hand seats with some six of the oldest sons. The balance of the Emperor’s progeny sat at a separate table.
AYou are all aware...@ he spoke solemnly, his almost black eyes seeming to bore into each of them all at once. Tryan wondered if it was due to the way the Emperor tilted his head back to peer down his thin long nose at his audience. It crossed his mind more than once that Idwal could not see properly and had learned to tilt his head like that merely to adjust his vision. At some point early in his life he must have picked up on the effect his eyes and his haughty head tilt had on his subordinates, and learned to use the mannerism for purpose.
A...That all Ioneas was once properly united as part of Terra Major under rule of my great grandfather, Idwal the Grand.@ he used the short appellation of his great-grandfather. There were nods in the room. Anyone Idwal ever met who was not aware would be made so within minutes of meeting the Emperor. Idwal ab Rex (meaning ANew King@) tended to gloss over the point that his forefather had burned up a third of his own lands with the Green Fire, as well as the point that the War of Fire came about to stop his brutal tyranny.  Since then the east had been under its own loose rule - by queens of all things - only because Sandia could not muster the manpower or a leader bold enough to reunite the continent. He took the time when the officers were seated to reiterate those parts of that history which reflected only glory on his forebears.
ANow is the time, and I am that leader,@ he said quietly, then rose to his feet causing chairs to be thrown back in a panic as all struggled to follow, AI am that Leader.= he pounded the table with one hand and sloshed wine over his goblet rim as he toasted himself. 
The balance of the meeting proceeded much more mundanely, consisting of Idwal’s plans for his invasion. The plan was presented as though he alone had created it, but Tryan watched the sons for a clue as to which had helped develop the strategy. Tryan harbored dubious respect for Idwal as a capable general, the Emperor had never so much as wielded a sword in anger, nor trained in command. In fact, early in childhood Idwal, then an unimportant second son named Prysm, had demonstrated a talent for magic. A mage was hired to train him, and in the long run, due to his excessively thin stature his weapons training became secondary. The adolescent Prysm was shipped off Neptunia for tutoring. Regrettably, his talent did not run deep, nor was he assiduous in his studies. There came a time however when he had learned enough to slip the loose bonds that were supposed to keep him from leaving the dreary libraries of the citadel whose leaded windows overlooked the city and the harbor below.
He discovered that the seaport was every dream a young irresponsible and horny lad could wish for. He had plenty enough magic and silver to dazzle the hookers, and enough congenital meanness to protect himself. He did not exactly leave a trail of death behind him, but the mages were too often in the city paying off the law and/or relatives of his victims. Eventually they determined that the only wise course of action would be to return him home, an action approached with some trepidation.
In the end they had nothing to fear. The current Idwal (the 3rd of the name), as was his nature, took his anger out on his son. The resulting brawl became epic as the heavily outmatched Prysm fought with all his strength.  In the end however he had been pounded into oblivion, left with a concussion and several broken ribs that required two months to heal.
Idwal III died of a mysterious wasting illness four months after the altercation. Queen Tamara, Idwal=s mother died one week later, presumably of sorrow. Idwal IV, the presumptive heir and brother, sadly was killed in an ambush while on a routine patrol, never knowing that his father and mother had passed.  And then Idwal ab Rex ab Owian IV, formerly Prysm, was Emperor.
 Tryan could not help but harbor a deep respect for Idwal=s machinations, and he had to admit to himself, the creation of a new pass across the mountains was just such an admirable plot. Only two passes wide enough and gradual enough for trade wagons or armies to traverse crossed the mountains (aptly named the North and South Pass) Both sides kept the passes guarded against the other in mutual distrust, consequently, his army would not be able to supply itself through the passes. The great beauty of this plan was not only a new pass was created, but they had contrived to convince Leos to allow the tunnel to exit directly into his stronghold.  
Idwal stood, again creating a furor as all his subordinates leaped to their feet. With a finger he traced the newly created path. AFor eight seasons the Saxos have been carving this tunnel through the mountains from this side. A fortnight ago, they broke through. Today, the Saxos crew leaders assured me that the entire road was open and able to pass two wagons.@
The mouth of the new tunnel opened some hundred meters above the floor of the valley, and while the excavated stone had been utilized to build a ramp, the resulting path to the tunnel was steep and slow for wagons. 
AWe are a long way from Sandia and Moria,@ Dalian complained. AAnd the ramp looks steep and slow.@ Tryan was surprised that of all of them, Dalian would make that objection.
ANo matter,@ Idwal pointed in succession to the three territories of Greenstone. ALeos and Keison have mustered as many men as possible and will be ready to move against Castle Greenstone as soon as we have crossed. We will not be relying entirely on supplies from Sandia and will be able to move quickly.@   
ALe Baud?@ Someone mentioned because all in the tent were aware of the loyalty and toughness of the Greenstone forces.
ALord Le Baud has very sadly perished due to a fall from his horse. No heir,@ Idwal chuckled, A Just some silly girl who never married.@ Of course Tryan already knew that, Idwal was bringing it up merely to inform the others. 
The news was met with silence. Tryan was intrigued. For all that, there were other logistical problems. Tactical too.
AStill,@ he mentioned,@ they are a proud people, they may fight, and they have considerable manpower.@
AKeison is the >natural’ heir, and he is allied with us. We will use the forces and wiles of the uncles to overcome Greenstone.@  Sadly, Keison and his sons (the harder to control), would be seen to have perished valiantly in the fighting. Leos would be installed as Duke of Saturia.
AThe daughter?@
AHas delusions of becoming some kind of little Queen Daniela.@ She is at Heartstone now, or there-about.  Her uncle Keison will take care of her before she gets back to Greenstone.@
AAssassinated?@ Probably not the best option Tryan thought. A By her uncle?@
AKilled, captured, it makes no difference in the long run. It will look like bandits. Still,@ Idwal ruminated, AAfter I’m done with her, marrying her off to Leos= clan or one of my sons could be profitable.@
AShe might be worth more alive,@ Tryan agreed, A Greenstone might just surrender to ransom her life.@
AA valid point. But without a leader, they will likely fall easily regardless.@
The balance of the plan was routine although it did depend on the coordination of a lot of external forces. The Vikens would sail up the Bay of Crabs and the Muse River to effectively cut the East in half, depriving Urania of help from the northern territories. Their ships would transport the invading armies over the river and at the same time their fighters would reinforce them as they cut off Titania. The last remaining chess piece was Neptunia.  Tryan was well apprised that the mages of Neptunia had been infiltrated even before this Idwal=s time, the city and its forces, including magical ones, were expected to fall without a serious battle.  A force of mercenaries would control the city under the rogue Mage Hemon until Idwal=s army reached it.  The city was likely to be demolished and the ranks of the mages more than halved. The populace? Well, babies were cheap to make. The most important thing was that they should gain at least a dozen high level mages to aid in the attack against Urania.	
Still, Tryan had his doubts.  First and foremost, the army of Urania was large, trained, and loyal. As well as fighting in their homeland with a shorter supply chain. Further, with Sandia all but undefended and well behind them, a relatively small contingent might counter-attack their own homes. And even if conquered, Greenstone would not likely be an asset.	

Chapter 14
Heartstone
 
Considering the previous acrimony, Jiana found their reception at Heartstone to be courteous past the point of obsequious. Especially after the snubbing by Leos. For two days Uncle Keison magically appeared like a personal attendant whenever she and Emily left her suite. Servants fawned over them, and the meals, she noted, were fit for a queen. Emily commented in a whisper when she thought they were alone, that she found the behavior, Acurious, but quite divine.@
Malice eventually seeped through Keison=s facade though, evident in snide asides about the inappropriateness of female rulers and the unfairness of his father=s will. At the dinners Keirit was always seated next to her with the sole intent to reinforce his availability for a union. His attempts at wooing her were crude and forced and Jiana had to tread carefully not to be insulting. 
The eve of departure from Heartstone, Jay huddled under covers - in yet another four-poster bed large enough to sleep six people - with Emily. The night temperature was pleasingly cool, although soon the autumn rains would begin. Jay always thought that the first rains of autumn were the coldest, but it could be just that her body had yet to accustom itself to the change.  Tonight, the nippy air blew into the bedroom gently rustling the drapes, bearing only the hint of the moisture to come. She chased the servants out before they could build a fire, and the two of them were ensconced under down comforters.
AHe hates you, you know. I think they all do. And that Keirit - Lucifer=s balls, geee-ross.@
ASssh.@ Jay was mindful that guest rooms routinely were riddled with observation apertures. Both for seeing and listening. Emily should know that. In a castle like this one there would be an entire labyrinth of hidden halls and niches solely for spying.     
She pulled the covers over their heads and faked a giggle.
AWell he does you know,@ Emily whispered.
AOf course.@
AThen why is he treating us so well? Better than Duke Leos?@
Jay put her mouth close to Emily=s ear, AUncle Leos is a follower. Da used to say the poor man was born with half a brain and then proceeded to drink away half of that.@
She rolled over on Emily and rose up to slap her with a pillow. ALaugh.@
AWhat are you doing?@ but she reacted by pushing Jay over and leaping atop her. Jay hit her again with a pillow, full on the face.
ADistraction.@
Emily dropped her torso flat on Jay, so her mouth was near her ear, AWell your distraction hurt,@ she murmured. 
Jay contorted herself and managed to throw the smaller woman off. She landed on top of her like a hawk and managed to kick the heavy covers over both their heads.
AHe’s building an army.@
AYes. - so is Leos.@
AAnd the sheep are poisoned,@ Emily added. AI smelt it this time. Garlic.@
ABlanorsinide?@
AMaybe, their gums were pale. And they haven=t bloated yet. But the ones they brought to Greenstone did not look poisoned.@
AWho would be doing that? Why?@
AI don=t know.@
AAnd the Saxos. What are they doing in Graystone?@
ALaugh.@
 Emily rolled Jay over, faking a what she hoped was a convincing laugh.
AWe have to get a message to Captain Jarrod.@
AI’m not sure what to say?@
AJay, I think we are in danger.@
Jiana rolled onto her back and pulled the covers down to expose their faces.
AYes. I think you are right.@ She reached for the other woman=s hand and held it under the blankets.
ABut for now we had better sleep. We have the guards. And your boyfriend,@ she jabbed Em in the ribs.
AOuch.@ But she didn=t deny the boyfriend label.
Jay shook the promise bracelet on her wrist as if to make sure it had not been lost. For a moment she brooded silently. AWe have a long ride back to Greenstone. I can’t wait to get home.@




Chapter 15
Greenstone

Castle Greenstone perched high on sandstone cliffs overlooking the East Sea and a harbor which had grown up behind the protection of natural reefs. Sailors found the reefs a double-edged blessing, creating a breakwater against the worst of the storms in the winter, but tearing the bottom out of any ship that incorrectly navigated through the channels. By land, the two main highways merged at the outskirts of the harbor, then led up the side of the cliffs, providing a spectacular but scary cliff-side view of the harbor and reefs. The stones that built the reefs were said by some to be actual living creatures, but Edon held that particular theory in the same skepticism in which he viewed gods and afterlife. Edon did believe in hell however, and men, he reasoned generally created it for themselves. As for gods, they appeared to be naught but the facilitators of the men. That much he thought, the priests had right, AEvil in their conception, evil in their doings.@
Far out in the waves, the skeletons and masts of several mis-guided ships left aground on the rocks, rocked unsteadily. The waves would eventually pulverize them, but they would promptly be replaced by the ships of other captains who foolishly declined to pay the exorbitant fees of the harbor masters. 
The city itself formed a crescent, wrapping around the harbor, up the hillside, and then partly sprawling about the foot of the keep.   
In truth, more a town and less a city Edon thought. Less than half of the size of Neptunia, which again might only be half the size of Urania. On the flats below the cliffs were clustered modest homes with white or pastel plaster walls and red tile roofs - inhabited by those who serviced the harbor or worked in the castle. On ledges, either carved naturally by the seas, or in some cases human created, and set well above the smaller homes, were many larger and more pretentious residences.  Two inns near the warehouses served the docks and sustained the needs of the sailors who visited. Another lone inn at the cliff-top mainly served visitors who arrived by road. The shops were typical for a rural town, catering primarily to the farmers who visited maybe once a month. They sold seeds and plows, but one would be hard pressed to find a decent sword.
Nor would you be likely to come across many mercers. A single mercenary riding through the town did not exactly create a stir, but Edon noted some stares and a few whispers. All in all, the traffic in the street was typical, Greenstone appeared oblivious to whatever deviltry was occurring directly to their south. Though information had been impossible to come by in Neptunia, Edon was pretty certain that somewhere a mercenary army was currently bivouacked on its outskirts. Why it was there, he could only guess. Moving a force that size from Urania to Neptunia and then paying for them to sit had to be costing someone a fortune.  And what ruler with any amount of good sense would allow a paid force to bivouac that close to them? Not for the first time he doubted his decision to head north. 
He spurred Shade to turn into the stables although that was hardly necessary since they had been together long enough for the veteran warhorse to know his rider=s mind. The strong smell of straw and horseflesh inside the building soothed both rider and mount, instilling a hint of stability in an otherwise strangely inconstant world. He dismounted the ebony destrier and patted him on the rump before walking around the animal checking for any potential problems.
AWe will be staying in the inn tonight.@ he informed Ian whose eyes broadened in anticipation. 
AWon’t be no whoring,@ he added. ABut you still get to sleep in a real bed.@
If the boy was disappointed, he did not show it.
He pulled his saddlebags down and unstrapped the long bastard sword. After laying the bags on the ground, he drew the blade from the scabbard. Hardened steel glittered in the shafts of sunlight filtering through the slats of the barn. He touched the flat of his sword to his forehead, a gesture marking blade and he as one. ADestiny.@ he whispered, afraid that he was praying and afraid of what that might say about him. Afraid that the sword might be all that stood between them and hell now. 
AIan. You have some chores.@
AWhat chores?@ Starting fires was one thing, but Ian had been independent for most of his short life, he was not about to be relegated to servant status.
Edon read the resentment in the boy=s stance. AYou want training, this is part of it.@
Ian=s jaw set in a grimace, but before he could offer objections Edon interrupted.
AYou chose to follow me, go or stay, that is on you. Stay and you work. First, take care that the stable-boys (by that term he subtly conveyed status on Ian) properly bed the horses.@ 
AHave them brushed and fed.@
AThen, you saw the blacksmith?@
Ian shook his head.
AGet your blade sharpened, and this one.@ He handed Ian his sword, again conveying some status, however minor. AI am going to get a room and a proper bath,@ he turned away.
Without looking back, he called out, AIan.@
ASir,@ where did that come from Ian wondered as soon as it left his mouth.
AI do not want to have to go looking for that sword in the morning.@
The next morning dawned chilly, not completely abnormal for this month, but maybe cooler than the first few days of the season would be expected. He checked on Shade and found the horse=s breath condensing in clouds of fog, even in the relative warmth of the barn. The horses had been well tended and he located the stable boys sleeping together in a pile of hay. Using his toe he gently prodded the two of them awake. Tossing them two coppers each he instructed, Ahave the horses ready in an hour.@
Breakfast was scrambled eggs with freshly baked dark bread, goat cheese and kaffe. AThe best breakfast I ever had,@ Ian exclaimed on the way to pick up their arms.
The smithy, to Edon=s astonishment, turned out to be Viridis. Heavier built than most of his breed, likely due to the rigors of his occupation, but still quite slender. With the yellow irises and vertical pupils of his race. Two children came running out from the house behind the forge. 
ADada,@ they squealed,@ are you coming to breakfast?@
The boys had the father=s eyes, but their ears were rounded like a human=s, and their skin was somewhat mottled, not pale green as the father=s.  Hybrids. He had heard that it was possible, but never seen such. His curiosity aroused, he narrowly avoided staring, although he noted than Ian did not manage to be that polite.  Viridis themselves were unusual in Ioneas, very few of them ventured out of the Black Forests of Euron.  That one would be here and mated with a human made some statement about the tolerance of Lord Herik.  Queen Daniela would certainly annul such a match within the bounds of Urania. In Neptunia a Viridis would likely be imprisoned or murdered. Most of the mages retained a deep-seated distrust of the Viridis ability to produce weapons that magic could not affect.
The smith retrieved the swords without asking. AViridis?@ A statement, not really a question as he turned Edon=s sword in his hands admiringly. He ran his fingers down the fuller.
AYes.@
AIt has powers.@
AIt is charmed to me,@ Edon evaded.
AYes...Charmed.@ the smith agreed, tilting his head and eying Edon. AAnd named.@
ADestiny.@ Edon gave nothing away, none-the-less, the Viridis already knew not only the sword=s name, but probably its attributes.
ADestiny... did not need sharpening, cleaned and oiled only.@ he sheathed the weapon and handed it to the owner.
AThis one,@ he lifted the sword which the bandit had inadvertently bequeathed to Ian. ANot so good.@
AYeah,@ Edon agreed.  
ASharp now, but do not trust it.@
After they had paid for the work Edon detoured toward the castle. They rode past a market section that was for all intents and purposes still functioning as normal, even though the black bunting from Lord Le Baud=s funeral still hung in mourning from many buildings.  Edon stopped for a second outside the castle walls. His head and his instincts should have taken him south with Tobias. Or west. Or anywhere else. His gut had brought him here. Gut, or obstinance, or plain damn stupidity? 
ALucifer=s balls,@ he swore under his breath.
AHuh?@
ALet’s go,@ he lightly prodded Shade into the gate.
The lower outer walls of Greenstone were shaped in a rough pentagon with one wall directly on the cliff overlooking the harbor. Like most province towns, the fortification enclosed a goodly portion of the town it defended. There was no moat, the original builders had relied on the clear plains which spread at least a league from the top of the cliffs to provide plenty of notice of would be attackers, and a clear field of fire to decimate them before they approached too near. Of course, that advantage had become slowly diminished over the course of time as the town grew in front of it. From the gate towers hung two large emerald flags with the four stars of the Cross of Hope surrounding a white hawk. The banners flew at half-staff, snapping in the early breeze.  There were no guards posted at the outer gate and the outer bailey was all but deserted allowing the two wayfarers through without hindrance. 
Not so at the higher inner towers. There they were stopped by two guards in the forest- green tunics typical of the Le Baud=s forces.  Both carried pikes and short swords and wore mail. Above them Edon spotted movement in the turrets which likely indicated archers of some type. Produce wagons pulled by dusty oxen switched along by equally dusty farmers, and brightly painted push-carts with nattily attired vendors were passing through without challenge.
Apparently freshly bathed mercenaries did not rate the same privilege. No surprise really, but it wasn=t like he was going to get drunk and tear up the place all by himself.
AHalt.@ The fact that the pikes were pointed at their chests sort of conveyed that point already.
AIs there a problem, private?@ He addressed the man on the left who was not only larger than his companion, but who had spoken.
AWhy you are here?@
AVisiting my sister,@ he lied.
AHorseshit mercer.@
AOk,@ he nodded at Ian, Avisiting his mother.@
AHow >bout I smash your head with this spear and throw your arses over the back walls.@
AThat would be flecking impolite of you. And dangerous too - to the citizens living below.@ 
AOrders are no strangers,@ the other soldier clarified. 
Edon waved a hand at the steady stream passing through the gates. AYou know all of them?@
AYou be a smart mouth arsehole hey,@ the first guard jabbed the pike forward enough that Edon had to dodge it. 
AOkay, Okay,@ he swatted the pike out of his face. AI get the point.@
AIs Jarrod still the Captain here?@
AYeah - so.@
AHe’s a friend.@
AHow you know Captain Jarrod?@
AWe fought together at the Battle of South Pass.@
ANaa... That be on eight or ten years ago.@ 
A fact. But who would have expected this guard to know that?
AYou don=t be old enough,@ the guard added.
AI was fifteen. I saved his life when an arrow pinned his leg to his horse.@
AI heard that story Pedro. I think he might be telling truth.@
ABah... They=s just a couple of damn mercers looking for trouble most likely.@
AOne mercer,@ Edon corrected, AAnd a boy. How much trouble can we make?@
ASargent Bram.@ the second guard called, Ayou be hearing this?@
ALet them through Pedro. And take them to the keep. If he’s lying you got my permission to toss them both over the back wall.@
AYes-sir. Alive or dead Sargent?@
AI don=t give a fleck Pedro.@
Pedro placed his pike in a weapons room and grabbed the reins of a tired gelding from a corral containing several equally fatigued mounts. The horse gave the guard a look which all but said that this weight and this trip might be the one that killed him, but it seemed to bear that possibility calmly. 
They found Jarrod in the inner-most bailey drilling a single squadron of cavalry. The Captain (in fact, he served as the commanding officer of the castle, but had always preferred the title ACaptain@) had the squadron broken into two lines of some forty riders each. Edon pulled Ian to the side as they entered so they could safely view the proceedings. The guard wandered across the courtyard oblivious both to the impending drill and to the desertion of his charges.  In a moment he was wandering toward the line of training dummies.
AEyes right.@ the troopers turned to the flugelman, and Pedro suddenly realized that he should wake up.
ASwords.@
Pedro kneed the tired mount, but the horse merely turned its weary eyes on him and continued walking. 
ASlope swords.@
Now Pedro recognized the hazard and panicked, although his horse could care less.
Captain Jarrod had by this time seen their intrusion into the danger zone but continued. 
AGuard...... addddd-vance....... .... charge.@
The thunder of hooves awoke the fire of fear into the bay=s belly and he bolted across the line of dummies headed directly toward the captain who proceeded to turn his trained military mount to face the danger. By this time the first line of attackers had passed through the dummies.
ARiggggght flank… Forrrrm troop,@ he ordered.
ASecond line addddd-vance.......... charge.@
With a slight nudge of his knee he urged his war stallion to dodge the oncoming guard and the horse deftly sidestepped. Using the flat of his sword he caught Pedro center chest, the blow lifting him clear from the saddle. Pedro rose from the dust bruised, choking, chagrined, and embarrassed. Fortunately, the horse had already bolted for the stables and safety because Pedro was clearly fit to kill it. Seeming to read his mind, Jarrod pointed his sword directly at the discomfited soldier=s chest. AI don=t have extra horses, and I don=t have extra men.@
Pedro looked at him dumbly, prompting the captain to explain, AYou ain’t killing the horse, >cause this was your fault. And I would rather you don=t make me kill you.@
Pedro shut his gaping mouth and came to attention. 
AGood,@ the Captain commented and reformed his squadron. By this time he had seen Edon and Ian standing to the side of the gate. He spurred his mount toward them at a gallop and managed to sheath his sword at the same time. Pulling up hard at the last second, he leaped from the saddle, AEdon.@
The younger man dismounted to meet him in a bear hug, AJerry.@ Edon was the only person in the entire world who dared address Jarrod that informally. After a few seconds of pounding each other’s backs the two men separated.
AAnd what have you here?@ meaning Ian.
AA thief. He wants training.@ then in response to Jarrod=s frown, ABut he’s quick.@
AWell there’s only two types of warriors.@
AThe quick and the dead,@ Edon finished. 
ACaptain Langer,@ Jarrod called to the troop, AYou are in charge, finish the training.@
APrivate,@ he waved to Pedro, Aget your arse over here and take these horses to the stables.@
AInside...Come-on, must be lunchtime?@ It wasn=t, but Edon followed as Jarrod steered them toward the keep.
AHow long has it been? Too many years Edon.@ He answered his own question clapping the mercer on the back.
AWhat in the shades of Hades brings you this far north?@
ALooking for trouble.@
AWhat trouble? Can’t get enough down south?@
The keep walls were constructed of the same green granite blocks as the outer walls but cut smaller. The gate was a draw type, and doubled. 
Guards with pikes and swords defended this gate also. They saluted smartly as the captain passed.
AI don=t know for sure what trouble... But I feel it’s headed this way.@
Chapter 16
South of Heartstone

Between Heartstone and Greenstone the land gradually subsided from rolling piedmont into a coastal plain. Deep fertile soil supported numerous farms and vineyards, along with the ensuing mills and wineries. The main road meandered through both forest and farmland. Jiana had not seen a return message from Captain Jarrod, despite the three crows she had sent from Heartstone. Her worrying induced a dark tedium into the trip; she just yearned with all her heart to be home.  A half squadron of Heartstone dragoons had been attached to her contingent at the insistence of Uncle Keison. Partly they were, “To protect her,” but a second function of the twenty-odd men was to guard an additional wagon. The added wagon transported three thieves intended for delivery all the way to Neptunia for sentencing and prison. Or more likely execution her uncle had informed her, not without some satisfaction in the smirk she detected.
When she protested, “doesn’t Heartstone have its own prisons?” Keison had acknowledged that while they had a prison, these thieves had stolen tomes from the Grand Library of Neptunia, and the mages wanted them for questioning. The books were apparently lost he responded to her next question, not bothering to conceal annoyance. They must be very special thieves to steal from the mages she commented, and he retorted, AMaybe that is why they need to question them.@
AWouldn=t want to be in their boots,@ he added.
In any case his declaration that the extra armed men would make her journey that much safer was difficult to refute and so she had eventually capitulated. But her trust for her uncle did not run deep.
Emily now often chose to ride up forward where she flirted openly with the young lieutenant. Which added boredom to the tedium of the trip. Plus, although she sort of despised herself, it fueled her feelings of anomie and envy. The visits to the two provinces had solved nothing except that someone had likely poisoned livestock to no known purpose. Alone in her thoughts the realities of governing became nearly intolerable.  Eventually the captain of the dragoons began to ride up whenever he noticed her riding alone.  He babbled on and on about life in the dragoons and his fighting prowess on the borders. She listened with counterfeit attentiveness and made appropriate answers as needed.  
All of which she soon came to understand only served to encourage him. His hope, she intuited, was to marry up. Like Keison would let that happen! She smiled at some inane something or other out of his mouth, and curiosity getting the better of her, examined him more closely. Tall and built like a soldier would be expected, but not overly large. Under his helmet, when he removed it, his hair was dark and cropped to military length. With a square set jaw and dark, stern eyes he looked the part of a captain. Handsome enough she thought, but not her type. First, he could not shut up about himself. Second, behind the sternness she detected a masked insecurity.  Insecure men often came with other, nastier hidden traits.  
Captain Gordo Uman he told her. Raised up as a poor fisherman=s son. Now a full captain, and very likely to be colonel within the near future. Big things were happening in the world he informed her. Good loyal men would rise quickly. Probably not so quickly as if they wedded the Lady of a province she reckoned. But what he didn=t realize that he was chasing an impossible fantasy. One which each time he opened his mouth, receded farther from possibility.
The caravan, if two wagons can be called that, made gradual but steady progress toward Greenstone, slowed by constant traffic through the many villages, and by an ox-cart that was pulled by what must be the two slowest oxen in all of Ioneas. She missed Greenstone and her gardens and rooms. She missed the trails she rode with Bellicose, and her Da. Especially her Da. Getting home might not alleviate that pain, but proximity to his resting place, and the castle that carried his spirit would comfort her.
Her suspicion concerning the captain=s character soon became verified as they followed the circuitous road in and out of forests and towns. The prisoners were only allowed one break from the wagon per day and one meal only, this at the evening camp. The meal looked to be a thin broth with a single piece of hard black bread. They got one cup of water each in the morning and evening. Were the weather not cooling down they might have died of thirst; instead, lacking blankets and bedding, and denied proximity to the fires, the three moaned and shivered all night. If the moaning became too loud the guards would beat them with staffs. 
Her protests carried no weight with the captain. Without being conspicuously demeaning, his stiffened spine and haughty eyes indicated his disdain at the fact a woman was questioning his command.
AThe mages are probably gonna hang them anyway,@ he grinned. AWaste of good food to feed them.@
AAs for blankets, they were likely covered in lice. Who was going to pay for ruined blankets?@
That evening when they pulled up into a clearing, she dug into her supply wagon and pulled out three blankets. For good measure she found a container of hardtack and extracted a decent quantity of that.
As the three men were herded back into the wagon, she handed them the food and blankets. 
AMay Isman bless you,@ the oldest looking thief said.
His beard and hair were long and unkempt, as were his eyebrows, but his eyes were dark brown and sincere. His ancient knees and hips required him to drag his body over the tall gate of the wagon with his thin arms, and his shoulders sagged as though the weight of his head had become too much for them to bear. This man robbed the mages and then escaped from Neptunia with a pile of books she wondered. He didn=t look like he could escape from a tortoise.
His shaggy head leaned in to whisper, AWe not be thieves,@ she barely heard. And then, ANever been to Nep....@
But he did not finish that thought as the guard cuffed him from the back of the head hard enough to knock him to his knees.
AGet up. And shut up.@
ANo talking to the prisoners ma=am.@ She noticed that he did not accord her title or respect as proper for a province lord.
AI believe I will talk to whomever I desire.@ She stared at him angrily.
AAnd I will hit whomever I want,@ the guard retorted emphasizing his words by kicking the fallen man.
She pulled back her fist to strike at the insolent soldier, but her wrist was grabbed from behind. 
ACome My Lady, I don=t think you wish to be hitting my men.@ 
AHe is impertinent...@ which really was not what angered her as much as the wanton cruelty. AThis man is old and sickly, your soldier,@ she emphasized the word scornfully, Ais beating him for no reason.@
Gorgo was hurting her arm, pulling it back in such a way that she could not turn or get relief. 
AYou’re hurting me.@ 
But he did not release her, and she detected that he enjoyed causing her discomfort.
AAs he told you, the thief is slated to be hung... if he’s lucky. The mages have many less pleasant ways to deal with scum.@
AAnyway, you were about to attack my man. That is a serious breach of discipline.@ 
AI am the Lord... oww... you are hurting me. Lord of Greenstone. I am not under your discipline. I am... oww. Your Lord also,@ she exclaimed through gritted teeth.
Behind her she heard the gentle susurrus of a sword sliding from its sheath.
AMy Lady Jiana.@ 
She wished she could turn to see, but it sounded like the quiet voice of Emily=s young lieutenant.
The guard went for his sword and Jay barely saw a flicker of steel as the lieutenant=s sword deftly sliced the man=s biceps from the bone. The man sank to the ground bleeding and groaning, possibly crippled. If he were very fortunate, she thought, he might find a healer in the next village who could sew the muscle back. But he would not die tonight, the cut was surgical in precision and for so grievous a wound, was barely bleeding.
Her arm released she spun to face the captain who had released her only to attempt to draw his own sword.
AI would recommend Captain, that you not draw that sword.@
She saw that the lieutenant=s sword was under the Captain=s chin and was all but penetrating his neck.
AI do not mind cutting your throat.@ he turned his head slightly as if quizzically, “how do you feel about that Captain?@
Gorgo=s hand released the hilt, allowing the weapon to fall back.
Jiana had never seen a trained soldier in actual fighting before. What scared her was the strangely calm demeanor in the face of life and death.
With a voice so low that she would have thought that she should struggle to hear it he asked, ADo you want me to end this My Lady?@ his intention clear.
He was asking her if she wanted him to kill the captain.
Ug... No… Of course not.@
AMy Lady,@ his sword remained at the captain=s throat and his eyes never left the lock on his opponent’s, AA dead enemy can never harm you.@
AHe’s my uncle=s captain,@ she replied and felt foolish immediately. Of course, the lieutenant knew that. AOur subjects@ she offered as if to convince herself.
AThis man is not our friend,@ he spat.
By this time most of the camp had convened around the commotion, and too many hands were too close to weapons. Not a fight that they should be having, nor one, outnumbered as they were, her forces would win.
Fortunately, the lieutenant lowered his sword. AAs you wish My Lady,@ He bowed.
The captain sneered, AYou will pay for this.@ and spun away. Although he had been glaring at her defender, the implication, she was certain, meant both of them.
ACorporal, get the private some help,@ Uman stomped away without looking back.
Chapter 17
North of Greenstone

Here he was riding toward Heartstone still accompanied by the little thief whom he had intended to lose in Neptunia, and now with two of Greenstone=s horsemen. Not exactly hired as a soldier by Jarrod, but not exactly un-hired. In the end he had offered to act as a scout and allowed his old friend to convince him to ride to meet Lady Jiana whom he (Jarrod) expected to be returning concurrently on the same road. Jarrod was clearly worried because he had not heard from her since she left Graystone. The report from the one crow she had sent was innocuous, but Jarrod had strong suspicions that the livestock issue was a ruse. To what end he was not sure, he held neither of Herik=s brothers in much respect but could not see them harming Jiana. That would only lead to a conflict which they could not hope to win. Not to mention that she was their niece. Still, more than ever, he deeply rued allowing her to take the trip. 
Two extra men and the kid were not likely to aid in his scouting performance Edon had complained. “By your account we have bandits roaming the countryside and mercenaries potentially on our border,” Jarrod noted. ATwo extra swords are a minimum, and Ian is your problem,@  he added.  At this point a full squadron would ease his worry better but would leave the town too undefended. In the end Edon conceded to Jerry=s wishes. 
Sunlight dappled the roadway through leaves rustled by a gentle wind for the first part of the journey. For all intents they could be on a pleasant jaunt to visit a neighboring village. He pushed the horses, so they covered near twenty leagues per day, and surprisingly Ian=s pony, now re-named Allegro instead of Horse, for his ability to keep step with the larger mounts, kept up quite well. Any faster, Edon worried, might risk exhaustion for all of them over the four hundred league journey. The villages they passed were typical rural farming hamlets with simple single-story log homes roofed with thatch. Where there was commerce, it generally consisted of a farrier, a mill and occasionally a small trading store. You could get hay and oats, eggs, bread and other staples. Maybe cloth and thread and sometimes boots and hoes and the like, if the merchant was truly enterprising. 
No one in the villages reported having been bothered by thieves as yet. Nor had any seen any livestock dead of mysterious causes. Edon was no expert on livestock diseases, so he didn=t know if they were just lucky in this locality, or if something more troubling could be at work in the other places. 
Three days out they entered a hamlet established on the banks of a stream large enough to require a ferry. A sign in front of a ramshackle clapboard building declared, A Laste Chance Shoppe.@ Inside a merchant with the unlikely name of Birdie greeted them like old friends.  Tall and thin with a hawk-like nose and flitting sharp eyes that fit his name, Birdie was one of the more enterprising merchants. Despite a serious limp from a leg broken and never well set, he darted about his shop with alacrity. Fell from a tree as a child he told them, all the while gathering supplies and placing them on a table. Used to want to fly like a bird, so kept building wings of sticks and cloth scraps saved from rags. His momma nicknamed him Birdie and it stuck. Wings didn=t work so well, he grinned ruefully and shrugged.  
But the village was peaceful, and he made a good living for his family since his was the last place to get supplies before entering the Ostrya Forest, which covered parts of all three territories of Saturia. Near the coast huge ironwood trees reached all the way to the cliffs overhanging the sea. AYou=ll be looking at near on two hundred leagues before you see another village,@ he told them, not adverse to a little exaggeration if it helped sales. 
After crossing the stream, Edon continued to push their pace as much as he dared. Used to solitude, he rode in silence whenever he could, but Ian constantly tried to engage him in conversation about anything and everything that came to his far too inquisitive mind. The two horsemen rode behind them, mostly silent, but occasionally conversing quietly between themselves. In the evenings they set up camps near streams where sites had been cleared for generations, and where often stone hearths or even shelters had been erected.
Before dark each day he began teaching Ian swordsmanship.  Mostly to stop the nagging, and, he needed the exercise himself anyway he reasoned.  Ian was quick, but small and he handled the sword awkwardly and tired quickly.
AThat thing is going to get you killed,@ he told Ian the second night causing the boy=s face to drop like a rock. ABut it’s good to train with now,@ he added, Ait’ll make your arms stronger.@
That evening the clouds rolled in from the sea.  In the morning the autumn rains began early and cold. 







Chapter 18
South of Heartstone

The rains struck them from off the sea just as they entered the northern boundary of the Ostrya Forest. Where the road wandered back into the forest and away from the sea-side cliffs, the massive trees provided shelter from the worst of the winds which howled horizontally across the sea. Under the giant trees, most of which still carried their leaves, the water poured in steady large drops until everyone was soaked through and uncomfortable.
Covered in a sealskin cape over her coat, Jay still felt water making chilly tracks down her back. They stopped early the first rainy night but by morning her tent was damp, by the second night everything was miserable and wet. She and Emily dug through their supply wagon and found whatever extra blankets they had for the prisoners, but what they had was so little that the men clung together shivering.  She worried they would die from the exposure.
ADon=t worry,@ Gorgo jeered again, when she had handed the blankets through the bars, Athey=ll be dead soon if the cold don=t get them first.@  Jay resisted the temptation to retort. But she recalled curiously that the intent was to take them alive to Neptunia. She also noticed that the captain had for the most part stopped riding up and chatting to her. 
Today they were moving at a pace barely better than a walk. The road here was only cracked stone, and the stone was sinking into the wet clay beneath. Horses and oxen both suffered from dragging the wagons through the mud. When she looked up, which was not often because it caused water to pour down her back, she could only see the first two guards in front of her. She nearly bumped the horses in front before realizing they had stopped. Daring the pelting rain, she raised her head to survey the problem. They had paused at a small clearing. A rustic shelter sat at the intersection of the road and a crude trail which ran westward into the deep forest. Both the trail and the hut were likely built and maintained by the hunter/trappers in the region.  Some such trails might lead all the way to the mountains, a few intersected the main roads to Graystone, or were the sole passage to small outlying villages. As a girl she had marveled how anybody could live in these wilds. Still did for that matter.
AWhat is going on?@ She sensed it was too early to stop, and the shelter was hardly enough for all of them. 
The guards they had almost bumped were turned to them, one shrugged, ADon=t know, maybe one of the wagons is stuck again.@ The lieutenant and the man he was paired with plodded up, mud flinging over their horses= hocks.  He was just about to speak when they saw the three prisoners stumbling and slipping up the road. Captain Gordo appeared to be herding them with his sword, alternately prodding their backs and arms with the point, or smacking them with the flat.  Behind him were four of his squadron with the small but lethal arbalests favored by the cavalry in their hands. 
The lieutenant reached for his sword, and Jay looked toward the Captain to ask, A What is the meaning of this?@  But the words never left her mouth as she watched Uman remove the head of the nearest prisoner with his sword. Under the cover of the rain more troops had come up behind them unseen.
The lieutenant said surprised and quietly, AOh.@ and she saw the point of an arrow protruded through his chest. The others had multiple hits by now and at least one of the horses was hit and screaming. Despite the wound the lieutenant continued to draw his sword until a second bolt went through him in the other direction. His hand drooped from the hilt and Jay saw him give Emily a longing look before he slid off his mount. Emily leaped from her horse in panic and grabbed his head to hold it out of the muck.
The captain and an aide dragged one of the captives over to them and threw him down. Gorgo pulled the lieutenant=s sword and stabbed the fallen man in the chest, leaving the weapon buried in the dying prisoner. The final prisoner was slain and tossed over the body of one of her soldiers. 
Jay reached for the small knife she carried under her shirt, but the two women were surrounded by Heartstone=s forces, better, she thought, to wait. 
AI am the Lord of Greenstone and by rights the head of the province Saturia,@ she demanded. AThese were my people you have slain.@
AYes,@ he said, Ato the second item I mean. Not so much the first anymore.@ 
AIf ever,@ he dismounted as he spoke, and shoved Emily on the shoulder so she fell away from her beau and into the mud. 
Jay saw that the lieutenant was still breathing, but bubbles of blood were forming around his lips. Still he managed to push up on one arm and attempt to rise. His mouth moved, but he could not push enough air out of his injured lungs to speak. His helmet had been lost in the fall. Water poured down his face and his brown hair was matted and dripping. The captain grabbed the younger man=s hair and pulled him to a sitting position. 
AI told you I would make you pay,@ he shook the wounded man hard enough to elicit a groan. AHow do you like it?@
Releasing the hair, he hauled back and punched the injured man in the face. Jay leaped from Bellicose with her knife drawn. Gorgo=s aide caught her handily and twisted away her only weapon. He tossed it into the bushes. 
AMy uncles will have your heads off.@ She nearly choked on her rage and her voice rose to a screech. 
AWho do you think planned this?@ He sneered. A Women are just stupid, A he told his aide and then slapped her hard enough to make her head spin. She staggered in the mud and barely caught the saddle on Bellicose to prevent falling.

Chapter 19
North of Greenstone

After enduring three days and nights of constant rain, the four rode in complete silence, their heads bowed against the cold blowing wet. Even the horses’ heads sagged as if under the weight of the water. Usually on this east of the mountains the autumn downpours did not start this soon. As often as not the rain would tail off in the afternoons and one could build fires to get dried out overnight. Edon worried that they would soon be trapped in the forest by streams overflowing their bridges. Thankfully with only four of them and pack horses they were not churning the road into muck. They crossed an arched stone bridge which had water lapping at its sides and began to plod uphill. As early as it was, he decided they would look for a campsite at the crest.  Would it be too much to ask he wondered, for them to run into a hunter=s shelter?
Preoccupied with the hope of shelter he rode into the tracks before he first saw tracks. Edon quietly slipped off his mount and motioned with his hand to his mouth for silence, and then to his hilt for swords.  The two Greenstone men silently slid swords from sheaths. Not the world’s best tracker, he could still discern that the marks had to be somewhat fresh. Otherwise, the runoff from the storm would have erased them. The odd part was that they came to this point, and then turned back.  There existed a possibility that whoever made the tracks had spotted his group and went back up the road to ambush them, but it seemed unlikely that he would have not seen them at the same time. Anyway, from the number of tracks the continent was large enough to ride right over the four of them. An ambush would be a waste of time.
He remounted and drew Destiny from behind him, leaving the Lorei sheathed. With hand signals he sent the two men to each side of the road a few steps behind him. He would take center point. He motioned Ian who had his short sword in hand, to the rear. The boy made a face at that but wisely remained silent - possibly remembering his last foray. The formation set, Edon gently nudged Shade with his knees to urge him forward slowly. Keeping his eyes down to study the tracks for clues somewhat exposed him, he earnestly hoped his flankers would spot any ambush.
As he led around the gentle curve of the road dark muddy lumps of two bodies materialized out of the fog and rain. He continued at the same steady pace carefully studying the forest for a trap until he reached the two slain men. He signaled the flankers forward, but they were trained well and already moving. By now they had be aware that although covered in mud, the tunics were Greenstone green, but they took up posts without comment. Ian rode up and Edon rose his hand in a halt sign. For the moment he wanted to try to figure out just what had occurred. These had to be some of the guards of Lady Jiana; Jarrod had not informed him of any other Greenstone forces in this area. Both men had multiple crossbow bolts protruding from back and front of their torsos. They were cold to his touch, but he had the impression that they were not too long dead. Blood, too thin in the rain to congeal, had pooled in the hoofmarks.  The bodies had been robbed, Edon found no purses or valuables of any kind on them. He curiously examined the tracks of at least a half-dozen horses milling around. They all seemed to come from the front or rear, none of them appeared to issue from the forest as he would expect in an ambush, and obviously they had all gone back up the road. 
Handing Ian the reins to Shade, he motioned the riders forward. Only a few meters further around the turn the rest of the Greenstone squad became visible. The empty supply cart sat behind crookedly from a broken wheel, the horses gone. One slain warhorse lay atop its rider. The flanker on Edon’s left pointed to a side road which led toward the mountains.  The tracks of a heavy cart and a lot of horses led into the distance.
AWhere does that lead,@ he whispered, although in all probability the culprits were long gone.
ALike enough it runs into the main road from Graystone to Heartstone,@ the soldier replied. ACan’t say for sure though.@ 
AThese are Lady Jiana=s escort,@ the man=s voice was controlled but angry. AShe is not here?@
Edon had not checked the bodies yet, but he seen no evidence of either Lady Jiana or her maid.  He shook his head no. At least he hoped no. He walked over to the headless body of a man near the edge of the woods. The severed head had rolled a few feet into the trees. Yet the Greenstone riders were all in the center of the roadway, as if they barely broke formation before they died.
ARobbers?@
Edon shook his head again and watched drops of water fling from his eyebrows. Lucifer=s balls this storm had to end before they drowned. AThis one looks like nothing more than a beggar.@
He pointed down the road, AFollow them down a bit and make sure that they are gone.@
Two more dead men not wearing Greenstone uniforms lay in the road.  Dead of sword wounds.  A saber with Greenstone markings lay in the mud near the lieutenant. The rags on the odd bodies appeared too tattered even for the poorest of thieves. A couple of cheap daggers in the mud next to the bodies failed to convince him the scene was not fabricated. The guards all had bolt wounds, but only from the front and rear. No wounds in the side as he would expect from an ambush. Nor did the positions of the additional bodies seem consistent with what he would expect from a typical skirmish. 
When his scout returned, he drew them to the center. AIan,@ Edon motioned to the forest, Asee if you can find something dry enough to build a fire.@ The boy bestowed a scowl upon him, his favorite face Edon thought, but slogged through the mud toward the trees.
AI think whoever did this were riding with your people. Whoever it was wanted to make it look like robbers.@ He listed his findings.
AAnd whoever it was,@he added rubbing the stubble on his chin, Athey have a sizable force. Twenty or more.@
Edon scanned the forest to give himself some time to consider their options. Ian had managed to dig up some merely soggy tinder; thick smoke swirled in the damp air at the front of the three-sided shelter. As an afterthought Edon noticed that the rain had abated to a thin drizzle.
AWe need to take the bodies back to Greenstone,@ from Tomas, the rider who had scouted down the intersecting trail.
ABetter to bury them here,@ the other said, A they=ll be ripe well before we get back to Greenstone.@
AJorge is right, Greenstone=s too far to carry them. Besides, Greenstone needs to be informed of this quickly.@
By now Ian actually had a roaring, if smoky, fire burning. Edon was impressed, he would need to see just how the boy could do that. AWe have no tools to bury them.@ He pointed to the fire, 
ALet’s get warm, and then sort this out.@
At that point one of the bodies moaned and emitted a moist gurgle followed by a cough. Aww shite, that=s all the fleck we need, he thought, instantly hoping that he didn=t say that out loud.
AOne of them is alive,@ Jorge proclaimed.
AIt’s the lieutenant.@ 
ATake him over to the fire,@ Edon directed, A and get him out of the mud.@ The man groaned loudly when they lifted him but did not regain consciousness. 
When they got him into the shelter, Edon examined the young officer. The lad had two bolts in him and blood in his mouth. Not likely he would survive, in spite of the joy of his two fellow soldiers. Just to be sure he sent Tomas to check the other bodies for signs of life, but none of the others had any life remaining. He retrieved a hip flask, a shirt and a pair leather gloves from his pack horse. The bag of bandages he kept buried in his packs could almost be termed dry. Trudging through the mud and blood he toted the whole bag over to the fire. The unconscious man had been laid out on a bed of pine boughs with his shirt cut away to reveal the two wounds. The bolt from the front appeared to have barely caught him in the left side. If no ribs were broken it would be inconsequential.  The one from the rear though went through a lung. When he pulled the arrow, he would have to stuff something into the wounds to prevent the air from leaking. Of course, pulling the arrow would probably kill him anyway. 
Jorge sat the lieutenant upright eliciting a few half-hearted groans in the process, and Edon whispered in his ear, AThis is gonna hurt.@ Donning his gloves he sliced the fletching from the arrow and after dowsing the back of it in the alcohol from the flask, quickly pulled it through. The man screamed and opened terrified eyes. Edon wiped bloody spittle from his own face and poured the gin into both sides of the wound. The lieutenant=s left hand rested on Edon=s forearm and he was alternately gasping and sobbing. With Ian’s help Edon got the wound covered and wrapped.  He wondered if he should have seared it shut, but the bleeding was minimal, so it was probably better to leave it open for drainage. Anyway, the next extraction would doubtless prove fatal. 
ASorry lad,@ he whispered. AYou have another one that has to come out... What’s your name lad?@ but the young man was unconscious again, sagging in the arms of the two soldiers. 
He repeated the process with the second arrow. This one resisted extraction and the lieutenant howled without regaining consciousness. ASorry,@ Edon whispered, pouring gin in the holes only to see thin foamy bubbles of blood appear. He removed a glove and cut the ends from two fingers. After soaking them with gin he stuffed them into the wounds. Thankfully the kid had passed out again.
If the lung didn=t collapse, and if the infection didn=t get too bad... Well, pulling the arrows hadn=t killed him, that was a good sign Edon reckoned. They stripped the rest of his wet muddy clothes and rubbed him as dry as they could. Ian held some of Edon=s extra clothes over the fire until they were steaming, and they dressed the man in the warm but damp garb. Edon decided that in the morning he would send them all back to Greenstone. But for now, they would rest beside the fire and dry out. Thankfully the rain had stopped, as least temporarily. 
He fell asleep musing that his hope for an easy, uneventful retirement was looking more and more dubious.







Chapter 20
The Graystone Trail 

  
Emily would not be consoled, remaining huddled in one corner of the jail wagon with her arms wrapped over her knees and her head buried. She refused to speak, nor did she make any effort to eat the vulgar gruel provided as rations by their captors.  Apparently the two women were too valuable to someone to undergo the typical disgusting treatment of female captives (Jay had no illusions as to that), but not so valuable as to be treated with the dignity normally granted persons of their status. The murderous traitors - for that was how she saw them, traitors who should be hung - afforded the women one bathroom break each day, and they were followed into the woods and observed the entire time. Crammed into the prison wagon with them were all the spoils from her supply wagon, which, while that left little room for them, at least she was able to dig through the bags and get cloaks and covers for the two of them. Otherwise they would be frozen from the cold rain. 
Over the course of the day in which she had little to do but try to break through to Emily, the rain slowly drizzled out and a bit of sun filtered through the leaves. Not quite enough to warm or dry them, but the increase in light raised her spirits a bit. She removed her cape and hung it from the bars. Her fingers encountered nothing but tangles in her long locks. Must look like a scary witch she imagined. 
AEm?@ she tried again. AIt stopped raining,@ she announced as cheerfully as she could manage, but she was unsure how to break through to her despondent friend. She rested a hand on the woman=s head and pulled the cape back to stroke her hair.
ALeave me alone.@
Given the circumstances leaving her alone would amount at best to moving a few feet across the rocking wagon. In other circumstances that might be funny she thought. She continued stoking Emily=s head.
AThey killed him. For no reason.@
AI know Emily, I am so sorry.@
AWhy?@ she cried, her back racking in huge sobs now. 
Jay could not answer that, and did not even try. No answer she might contrive would ever help. Crying was the only balm that would get Emily through the pain, and Jay knew that her best move would be just standing by quietly. 
AI loved him... I… I think he loved me.@ 
AI know Emily, I know.@
Uman rode up and turned to walk his horse beside the wagon. AGood afternoon ladies.@ He touched the brim of his hat smartly. 
AA fine day,@ he opined, A no more rain.@
Jay held her temper, Emily looked up, tears streaming down her cheeks, and cursed him with language that surprised Jay. 
AWas that your boyfriend?@  He taunted. ATerrible that. You do know soldiering is a dangerous business,@ he shook his head in fake commiseration.
ATreason is a dangerous business too,@  Jay hissed. 
ATreason My Lady?@  he laughed, AI am loyal to Heartstone and the real heirs of the province.@
AYour liege Keison is not the heir, and he cannot overthrow Greenstone. And Uncle Leos would never support your demented actions.@
AJust where do you think we are heading,@ he chuckled again, clearly enjoying his power. AYes, dear Uncle Leos. Uncle Leos,@ another laugh, A set up the whole plan with the dead sheep to get you out of the safety of your castle.@
AAnd like a stupid sheep, you let him herd you all over the countryside.@ He shook his head again, A A woman,@ he sneered, Awill never be the Lord of this province.@ 
He pointed to the horses tethered behind the wagon. AThat one will be mine.@
Bellicose had summarily tossed Uman into the mud yesterday. Almost, if not, fully grown at five years old, Bellicose now stood 17 hands and weighed in near 95 stone. When Uman attempted to mount him, the stallion had laid back his ears, swished his tail and tensed his hindquarters. Then he had promptly tossed the fool.
“You should learn how to ride before you mount a real horse,” Jiana had taunted. But quickly regretted her quip when the captain had pulled his sword as if to strike. She screamed, but thankfully his good sense had overcome his anger. The horse was simply too valuable to kill. Even should he never be able to ride the stallion, there would be an opportunity to sell it off in Graystone. Bellicose would bring more than a year’s salary for a captain, perhaps even for a colonel.
Uman drew his sword and rattled it against the iron bars of their cage. AMaybe, if I can’t ride your horse, I can ride something else,@ his eyes landed on Emily.
“Or maybe both,@ he laughed when Emily cringed. 
AWe’re only days out of Graystone by my reckoning. I just might advance the men an extra ration tonight,@ referring to the Heartstone practice of rewarding its soldiers with a ration of rum near the end of a successful mission.
AThey will be rowdy I suspect. You,@ he pointed between the bars with his sword, A I can’t damage. But that one, well she’s just sweetmeat.@ 
Jay spat at him but missed and then lunged to attempt to grab the sword before he could withdraw it. Missed that too and ran headlong into the bars. Riding away he mocked them with more laughter.
Jiana staggered against the rocking motion of the wagon in the muddy ruts, over to the door of the cell. Once again she reached through the bars and shook the lock in anger. With all the strength she could find she pulled and tugged against the mechanism without avail.  Sobbing she sank to her haunches and buried her head in her hands, AWhat have I done?@ Emily=s hand touched her head, AIt was not you My Lady.@
Over her tears she heard Emily say that they would get out of this.
But Jay could not find a way to believe that.
Chapter 21
 South of Heartstone

By good fortune a band of traders came upon them before they finished dragging the bodies into the woods. The caravan of four wagons bore metal goods, silks, and alcoholic beverages. A middle-aged man of ample girth and a ruddy complexion which suggested that he partook of his product somewhat generously, introduced himself as the leader. The other dealers and their helpers milled around the site asking questions and eyeing the dead for possible spoils. A group of guards rode up from behind the wagons, a large surly looking man with an equally large beard in the lead.
AThese be Greenstone lads,@ he stated, noting the colors. 
AYou=ve a live one still over there, Eh? A the caravan leader gestured with the cap end of a flask almost magically produced from his vest. 
A Drink? A he proffered the flask before drinking himself.
Edon accepted the offer, removed the cork and drank without even sniffing the contents. Holy Lucifer=s testicles - almost pure alcohol - it burned like acid all the way down his throat. His eyes watered, and he strove mightily not to cough. He had not actually wanted a drink, but aware that in some circles refusing an offer of hospitality might be perceived as the height of rudeness, he was simply trying to be courteous.  He wiped the neck of the flask and returned it to the jovial owner.
AGood shite, eh?@ he chuckled. A >Bout came back up on you, eh?@ He took a generous swig and lazily let it run down his throat. AAhh.@
AWouldn=t been insulted you know.@ he laughed. ALess for you, is more for me.@
AThanks,@ Edon croaked out from his still burning throat.  
AGreenstone, eh?@ 
ABut you not be Greenstone, eh?@ he eyed Edon=s tunic.
ANo, just a scout.@
ARobbers, eh?@ he waved toward the deceased.
AYes.@ this was going to turn into a duel of insinuation Edon quickly realized. 
The leader of the merchants partook of another swig while eyeing the empty cart. He absently proffered the flask again to Edon. AWhat would Greenstone be shipping that a bunch of robbers might want? Eh?@ His brows knitted in fake perplexity.
Edon pushed away the flask, thereby eliciting a chortle.
AGold,@ he lied. 
AGold, eh? Now just why would Greenstone ship a cart full of gold up this Isman forsaken road to Heartstone?@
AAnyway,” he added slyly, Acart=s headed wrong direction. Eh?@
AThat I can’t say, I just get paid to scout,@ Edon wanted to be careful not to offend the merchant, he hoped to enlist him in returning the wounded man to Jarrod. So at least part of that statement was true.
AYes, yes, scout,@ the merchant corked the flask and hid it back in his vest. AYour name mercenary?@ Edon noted that the big guard had not dismounted and had left himself a clear line of attack should anything become untoward.
AEdon,@ he half bowed as befitting to the station of the caravan leader.
AEdon, eh? He stroked his goatee. AWell Edon, you=re an Isman damned liar.@
Edon let his hand drift idly toward his sword.
ABut I like a big liar who carries a big sword.@
ABull, kindly get the healer to look at his wounded man.@
AI am Calvin,@ he slapped Edon on the shoulder. 
AI bet you are looking for some help, eh?@
AWe have a fresh deer, how about we get him cooking over your boy=s fire there and we figure out what just what ole Calvin can do for you.@
AGold?@ he shook his head with a quiet snicker while leading the way to the fire. AWell, whenever there is gold involved, stands to reason there’s some way to make a profit.@  The rain held off, the venison was superb, and the merchants produced potatoes and greens. 
Calvin agreed to carry the injured man to Greenstone (since that turned out to be the caravan=s original destination, Edon did not have to hard sell that). The pay was unspecified, but Calvin knew many people in the town and was confident he would not be stiffed. Besides, any extra gold was pure profit for the merchant, and he got two extra guards in the bargain. Edon had allowed the pack horses to be harnessed to the Greenstone wagon to carry the deceased, although that was only after some degree of pleading by Jorge. 
 Small traveling companies generally could not afford a healer.  The woman traveling with the caravan was quiet and slender and neat. Diffident to the point that she almost was able to cause you to forget she was there. Despite barely camouflaged attempts, Edon failed to draw out the full story, except that the woman was fleeing Heartstone -without a convincing fiction. Calvin interrupted when Edon=s questioning became too pointed. Edon took the hint, not the least because it made no difference. She tended the wounds of the young lieutenant, and while by morning the man had not regained consciousness, at least his fever had broken when Edon checked it. 
 Edon left just before dawn to follow the abductors, again intending to go alone, but Ian had put up an argument that had ended with, AAs soon as you are out of sight I will follow you anyway.@ Edon commented on the current lack of light and that out of sight was about two meters.
AYou gave your word that you would train me. I paid you,@ he insisted.
AYou paid me with my money you damned imp.@ 
AThis is too dangerous, Ian,@ he lowered his voice and tried persuasion. A last-ditch effort since verbal persuasion was not his strong suit. AI probably won’t make it back.@
AWell, all the more reason for me to go with you. If you get killed before I get trained, that is like cheating me.@ 
ALucifer=s balls, it’s not like I am going to be happy being dead just so I don=t have to train you.  I don=t have time for this.@ He cinched his saddle and checked his swords and bags.
AAnyway, if you get killed,@ he conceded, Ait’s your own damn fault. Don=t be bitching at me.@
He mounted and guided Shade down the path. A fine drizzle had started again. 
Ian guided his pony to ride up next to the warhorse. Edon was not pushing the gait, mainly because the mud could too quickly tire the horses.
ALot of tracks,@ Ian announced, making uncomfortable conversation
AHmmptt.@
AMust be twenty of them?@ He had heard them talking.
AMost likely.@
AYou got a plan I guess?@
AYes.@
AWhat is it?@ Ian found that quizzing Edon could be like trying to get answers from a rock, except harder.
AKill them.@
AKill them?@ they rode a few hundred meters in quiet while Ian contemplated that.
AKill them? That’s your whole plan?@
ANot exactly.@
AOh that=s good, mind filling me in on the rest of it.@
AManner of fact, I do. But so you know, the rest of it is not get killed.@
ALucifer=s fleckin= balls, are you shiteing me?@
AYou=ve a foul tongue for a boy, you know that.@
AFleck my tongue, you’re crazy. We’re both getting killed.@
ANot too late to turn back.@
AFleck you.@ They rode another half league in silence.
Large drops of rain pattered down in the sparse clearings between the leaves, and within a few minutes the deluge had returned to its previous intensity. They pulled capes over their heads and huddled against the cold rain. 
AFlecking crazy,@ Ian muttered.
Chapter 22
Graystone

Moving an entire army and all its accouterments through the newly carved tunnel took all week. A week that caused Tryan to fuss and worry like a mother hen, even knowing that there should not be an army large enough and close enough to mount any concerted attack on his divided and disarrayed units. The move became somewhat mired down when the weather on the east of the mountains turned out not to match the crisp bright days on the west. He spent a full day with General Dalian before they located a large enough cleared area with pastures and streams that would suffice for an encampment. The rain lashed them relentlessly and the streams were starting to run brown.  
AGet the engineers here first, I want breastworks,@ he pointed to the forest, “get the stakes from there.@
AAnd the farmers?@ Dalian asked, knowing that there would be complaints. Not without reason, the army would flatten any crops and use all the forage. In addition to the huge mud bog they would create. 
ASend them off to Leos, they’re his problem,@ Leos was going to get a kingdom out of this, Tryan reasoned that paying off a few disgruntled country bumpkins was not too much to ask.
AI=ll clear it with Idwal,@ he added without batting an eye about his lie. 
The Saxos had carved the tunnel through solid granite with cuts so precise that to Tryan=s eyes the walls appeared polished. The floor was as smooth as the Via Primoria, and wide enough for two wagons. Every ten steps huge oak beams had been installed for support. Lamps had been fastened between each of the beams, drilled and bolted into the granite. To deal with the rather noxious fumes of burning oil, exit flues were bored through to the earth above. Large vents with iron grates ran laterally out to the sides of the mountains. When he had surveyed the work with the head Saxos he found that the vents began as tunnels at the outside, large enough for several men to walk through, but narrowed down at the actual roadway to merely one-meter square. This funneled the constant winds on the mountains into the tunnel and kept the air breathable as well as pushed out the smoke. It was, he admitted to himself, an engineering masterpiece.  Completed in one month shy of two full lunar years. Human slaves would have taken twenty years he surmised. And a couple of hundred would have died in the process. 
At the feast given in celebration of completion, Tryan watched silently as a huge chest of gold coins was rolled into the tent. The wooden slats of the tent floor groaned and creaked under the weight as four men pushed it to the center. Three metal straps ran around the thick ironwood, each secured with a massive iron lock. The four men stood at the corners of the cart until Idwal idly dismissed them with a wave. 
One of the Saxos lieutenants rose from the table and exited the tent from the rear. Idwal toasted the leader of the tunnelers, ATo Dholur Brownbow, king of the Saxos.@ Which was not true, Dholur was not a king, but even Saxos are susceptible to flattery.
Idwal, already deeply into his cups so to speak, toasted the tunnelers, the tunnel, Saxos in general, and the damn fine wine. Then he pulled a ring of keys from his waistband and tossed it across the table to Dholur who surprised, managed a neat catch anyway. He rose and bowed, AThank you your Majesty. It was our honor to serve.@
Saxos began filing in to get their pay, each one handed a purse with 25 gold coins. 
That must be six thousand gold in there,@ Tryan leaned over and whispered to Idwal.
AA good bit more,@ Idwal replied over the rim of his cup. The bags were marked before being distributed, Aall the crew leaders got forty coins and the leader received a hundred.@
AThat=s damn near a king=s ransom. You=re just giving it to them?@ Tryan had fully expected that the Saxos would turn out to be expendable, like slaves. Two hundred and fifty Saxos would not prove to be much more than an hour=s hard practice for one good sword company. Give everyone in the company each a silver and they would be happily drunk for a week on the next leave, singing his praises. 
AI don=t want a bunch of angry Saxos to my north while we are otherwise engaged. They could come down behind us and be a real pain in the arse,@ happy with his wine and puns.
Tryan sat back in his chair, it made sense, but where did that much money come from? 
AHoly Isman,@ he whispered to himself with a sudden spark of comprehension.
AThe temples. That is the taxes from the temples?@ For two years they had steadily squeezed the churches.
AYes,@ Idwal saluted with his cup.
ABut don=t worry, when we’re done in the south, we’ll go get it back.@
AAfter all,@ he snickered, Awhat do a bunch of dumb Saxos have to spend that much gold on?@
The second day after they had begun to set up the camp, Keison and his army appeared in the mist on the northern road. Anxious as ever, Tryan came close to heart failure when the first riders appeared out of the trees. Only about a third of his men were through the restriction of the tunnel, and most of them were engineers with only a few infantry. Palisades and breastworks were only partly constructed. Horns blew, and men dropped their chores to form units. Thankfully horns answered from the advancing column and the lead riders unfurled the red and gold standard of Heartstone. 
The Heartstone forces arrived in a better military order than Tryan expected from a territory garrison. A company of well-armed knights led the files, carrying lances and swords. Their chief armor was steel mail, which despite the rain, appeared well oiled and not rusted. Heartstone opted for waist length byrnies to reduce weight and increase mobility. Over the armor all the riders wore red capes decorated with a gold bull. 
Behind the knights marched what Tryan judged to be six full companies of infantry donned in steel helmets with leather armor. Ankle deep in mud churned up by the horses, they still managed a smart order of march under the watchful eyes of mounted officers.  Five companies were armed with the straight short sword common east of the mountains, and two of those also carried glaives. The weapon resembled a heavy spear with an elongated blade, designed to penetrate and slash.  A single company of archers followed the infantry, longbows only, and their marching was, typical of archers, less disciplined.  Keison and his headquarters followed the infantry, leading two squadrons of cavalry, all with sabers and small crossbows.  A trail of wagons and supply units brought up the rear, oxen and horses struggling in the muck. 
Tryan observed their progress as the column as the column halted at the entry to the palisades. The addition to his forces would not be a shabby as he had expected, well over a thousand men, apparently equipped and trained.
Water dripped from his helm as well as ran down behind his collar. He shook his head, the cold water down his neck causing him to wonder yet one more time why he had chosen this profession. If the rain did not let up there would be no way to move his army over three hundred leagues to the east. Plus, while welcome, the addition of the province forces grew the army to seventeen thousand armed men to feed, not counting some twenty-five hundred cooks and farriers and the like.  And a pile of squires to take care of the knights also. Which is why he preferred cavalry, faster and lighter and no extra baggage.  Once introductions were completed, he left Dalian in charge of situating the new arrivals into the camp. They would meet again for dinner at the command tent to discuss strategy.  Not that overwhelming the city of Greenstone should require much military thought, the castle=s defenders were outnumbered more than five to one. But getting this large of a force there in a timely manner and in one piece across the pathetic roads in this province posed a significant problem. Plus, if word of their intentions reached Greenstone, the smaller force might easily be able to mount ambushes in the forests that could effectively eliminate his numerical superiority.  They shouldn’t be able to destroy enough of his army to make a difference, but they might be able to eat away at the morale of the common soldiers. Add the weather and the resulting possibility of illness and he could see desertions beginning. 
The punishment for desertion was always hanging, but Tryan knew that soldiers seeing their comrades dangling from a scaffold no longer fought out of loyalty but from fear. Fear did not motivate men to courageous actions. Armies got stalled like that, and campaigns became real shite shows.  The type of shite show where generals ended up blamed and headless. Tryan urged his mount back to the command center and again reflected dolefully on why he chose this work.  By the time he arrived at his tent to change into a dry uniform the rain had abated. Above him the sky still roiled in dark clouds, hiding most of the mountains in mist. A temporary reprieve only he feared. 

Chapter 23 
Northeast of Graystone

T wo day=s ride after the murder of the Greenstone guards, the Heartstone troop intersected the Via Arborus.  Not as grand as the Primoria, but at least paved, it spanned the four hundred leagues between the Heartstone and Graystone, running for most of that distance through a forest of ironwood, oak and sycamare trees.  The trees were massive, some more than a hundred meters tall, and as thick as four meters at the base.  On most of the trees no living branches grew until far up in the canopy, which was thick enough to cast the ground below in permanent gloom. The earth underneath was dank, dark and emitted a fusty scent of mold and fungus. Small fat leaved plants flourished wherever they could find enough light in the leaf litter; but mushrooms were more numerous, sprouting in various shapes and colors everywhere, including from the roots of the trees. The fungi drew healers as well as mages into the deep forest. The rarest mushrooms were greatly coveted for their disparate properties, many of which were quite deadly, others more beneficial, and a few just silly. 
The sycamare were also known as the Trees of Heaven, an appellation some said due to their great height, but others swore due to the happy effects of the mushrooms that grew at the bases. In the fall when the nut-like fruits began to drop, they could be trees of death. The fist size nuts crashed out of the canopy like rocks from a sling, requiring head protection for man and horse alike. Fortunately, the entire forest did not fruit every year, sections of the trees would fruit like a wave going from south to north once every fourth year.  So, any given year three fourths of the forest was relatively safe. Relatively only, because here and there a single tree might get out of sync with the rest and strike down the careless. The nuts were edible, but not highly prized by humans, although the husks made a great dark brown dye. Rooting animals such as wild boar tended to follow the ripening across the vast expanse of wilderness. Creatures inhabited the canopy also, various monkeys, largely unknown and unseen, but often heard rustling and howling. Rumors persisted that the animals would aim and throw nuts at travelers from time to time with deadly accuracy, but Jiana had never actually heard of a real casualty.
Once the troop had turned upon the larger road the ride became easier. The cross trail had been little more than that, a trail, rutted and muddy. The women had been tossed around with the baggage as the prison cart lurched precariously from side to side. Regardless of the discomfort, with only two riders behind them, both hanging well back to cover against potential attack from the rear, Jay took the opportunity to rummage around in the bags for dry clothes. The driver sat in front rocking with the sway of the wagon, head buried in a hood against the rain, and oblivious to anything but the ox team. Before Uman halted the column for the evening she had managed to dig out riding pants and shirts she found buried at the bottom of the sack heap. Jay nudged and scolded Emily into changing, but once she had drier clothes on, Emily seemed to be a bit less morbid. 
Dragging out some towels, Jay dried the other woman=s hair as best possible. The sack with the towels also contained toiletries, including hair ties and pins. She rolled Em=s damp blond locks into a chignon and covered them with a towel for comfort before treating herself to the same luxury. Since the guards were far enough behind them to be out of sight, she then set to work on the lock with extra hairpins. 
AJay,@ an alarmed Emily whispered, Awhat are you doing?@
Working strictly by feel through the bars proved more difficult than Jay expected. Not that being able to see what she was doing would likely make a difference. Her consummate lack of skill was confirmed when the pin she had inserted into the lock made a tiny metallic pop, and the sharp broken edge ran across the knuckles of her hand.
ALucifer=s balls,@ she cursed and comforted her bleeding fingers with her mouth. 
AWe=re escaping.@ She answered belatedly.
AAre you kidding me? Escaping where? Do you not see where we are?@
AYes,@ reaching around to the lock where her bleeding fingers soon determined that by good fortune the pin had not sheared off below the face of the lock. She extracted the broken metal and tossed it into the woods. 
Jay turned back to Emily, exasperated for once. AYes. But the horses are there,@ she pointed to the string of extra mounts that was loosely tethered to the wagon, Aand I have this.@ She revealed a jeweled stiletto she had found in the bags and hidden behind her back. 
AHoly Isman’s Mother,@ Emily rolled her eyes, A a dagger. Are you flecking insane?@ for a second her eyes widen in mortification. She had never cursed or spoken out of turn to Jay. But then they had never been kidnaped and locked in the back of a wagon before either.  But a dagger? Seriously?
AThere’s twenty of them. At least,@ Emily pointed out.
Jay went back to work on the lock with a new pin. AIf we take the spare horses, we only have to get past the two behind us. We can out run them.@ Not that she really was sure they could get past the two rear guards. That little tidbit of information she kept to herself. 
AThey=ll kill us,@ Emily stated, although it seemed to Jay that the statement lacked any real fear.
ANot so. If they wanted to kill us, we would already be dead.@ Probably?  And, of course, that might be unless they became too much trouble.
Pointing to the driver Emily whispered, AWhat about him?@ 
The ox handler had not once turned around. Either he was deaf, disinterested, or both. Jay shrugged, that bridge did not need crossing yet.
Bellicose could not be caught if they managed to get out and past the rear guards. As for Em=s mare, Jay harbored doubts. There were other problems like food and forage since they were many leagues into the forest, but one thing at a time she reasoned.
Caught up in her plan she failed to notice that they had stopped until she saw Uman sitting astride his horse and sneering at them. 
Hello ladies... Planning on going someplace?@
Jay=s teeth clenched so hard that she would not have been able to speak if she had wanted to.  On the other hand, her face felt as if it were blood red, like child caught with her hand on a cookie.
ALook=s like someone has been digging into the spoils, eh?@
Jay noticed that Emily=s face was more blanched than just the coolness would account for. Her friend sat as still as if she were frozen.
AThought we might go for a stroll,@ she quipped once composure returned. AIt is a bit cramped in here,@ she indicated the wagon with a wave.
AWell, maybe you should ask. I wouldn=t want to have you report me to your uncles as having been inhospitable.@
AOf course,@ she curtsied, playing his game to see where it headed. She would gleefully slide her hidden dagger into his face if she could get close enough. Consequences be damned. AI would never say such a thing.@
AGood. That=s great to hear.@ He turned his mount=s head to leave ASo you know,@ he held his horse for a second, Athe lock is spelled. You=ll never get it open without the matched key.@
Reflexively she threw the pin at his leering face. Only to see his free hand swat the pin away like a bothersome mosquito. He chuckled as he trotted away. 
AI=ll send a man up, so you ladies can take a pee,@ still laughing, clearly enjoying his power.
ATry not to kill him with a hairpin...@
AShite,@ she flounced down upon a bag and got her butt soaked for the effort.
AWell they are taking us to Graystone. Your uncle Leos will free us?@ Emily asked hopefully.
Jay had thought this out and shook her head glumly, AThese are Heartstone men. You heard him. We would not be heading to Graystone unless Leos truly is involved in this. But I can’t believe that just the two of them (referring to her uncles) would dare conspire against us.@
When Emily didn=t answer she added, AEven combined I don=t think they have the manpower to take Greenstone.  
Chapter 24
Northeast of Graystone

Edon and Ian reached the Via Arborus only to intersect a lengthy caravan of ox-drawn wagons plodding toward Graystone. Heartstone cavalry defended the convoy and they were not particularly delighted to see a mercer ride up. They eyed Edon warily, hands on hilts. Certain he had been gaining on his quarry, Edon was now faced with the complete erasure of all clues left by the kidnappers. Edon lifted his palms upward, showing his hands to be empty and shrugged grinning.
AJust passing through.@ As if a lone man was a danger to a train consisting of scores of wagons.
APassing through where?@ By now they had attracted six of the escorts, one of whom wore the lance on his sleeve denoting a corporal.
Edon took a chance, after all, there were only two directions his prey could have taken, and with this party headed to Graystone... well, worth a try? 
AGraystone.@ He checked on Ian out of the corner of his eye, thankfully the kid was wise enough to be silent.
AGraystone, umh. What would a man like you be wanting in Graystone?@
A wagon rolled by laden with crates that suggested by size and shape that they might contain arrows. Loads of grain bags and other supplies creaked slowly past. 
AWork,@ he replied, touching the hilt of his sword and creating a ripple of apprehension as the guards all grabbed for theirs.
AEasy,@ he said, again revealing his empty hands.
ASaturia has its own soldiers, we do not hire mercers,@ the corporal scoffed, emphasizing Amercer@ as though it were a curse. 
Funny to hear a corporal from Heartstone espousing what had been the policy of the deceased Le Baud. Edon knew for a fact that the Duke=s brothers possessed no such reservations.
AWell, I really only meant to ride the range, of course. I could never be a trained lancer of the realm,@ the sarcasm went right over the corporal’s head, as Edon had expected it would. 
ARight.@ the corporal agreed.
AAnyway,@ Edon waved at the convoy, Awhile all you men are away at war, someone has to stay home and keep the women happy,@ he joked.
AWhat war?@ the corporal asked, completely ignoring the sexual innuendo. AWho said anything about a war?@
Enough confirmation for Edon.  With his too quick denial, the corporal ratified what Edon had already decided, but the man likely held little more information than where he was headed.      
AWell anyway, I just need to get to Graystone and make some coin,@ he shook his very flaccid purse to call attention to his poverty. AI won’t take up any more of your day.@ he tipped the brim of his hat and with his knees urged Shade to turn away.
AHalt.@
His face away from the escorts, Edon allowed himself a wince, he did not relish the idea of fighting his way past an entire caravan. A quick mental calculation left him none too sanguine about the odds.  
AWhen you get to Graystone go to the Thorny Rose. My brother-in-law owns it. He would know anyone looking for riders.”
“Tell him Darrel sent you.@
Edon tipped his hat again without looking back, AThanks, I=ll do that.@
AGood ale too.@ the corporal yelled after them.
Ian rode up beside him, apparently his ability to remain silent had been pushed to the extreme. 
AAre we really heading to Graystone?@
AKeep your voice down until we get past this column,@ Edon spoke from the side of his mouth without turning his head.
AOkay.@ they passed another guard.
AWell,@ he demanded.
APerhaps. You see this column? It’s heading to Graystone and it’s a war supply caravan.@
AYeah?  But who’s at war?@ Ian had never seen a war, but all the tales described great honor and glory for the fighters. He could become famous. And rich. And marry a princess. Perhaps even a queen. 
AApparently, we are.@
Past another guard who eyed them warily.
AKeison=s army is headed to Graystone.@
ASo,@ Ian asked with a quizzical turn of his head. AAnd how do you know?@
AHe is sending supplies to Graystone,@ he replied, AAnd someone has taken the heir to Greenstone. And, if I were to guess,@ Edon added, AWhen we find them the captors will be wearing Heartstone colors.@
ABut they are headed to Graystone?@ Ian didn=t have a clue what direction they currently were going, nor for that matter where in the Hades they currently were. AWhy?@
Edon rolled his eyes, weary of the conversation already, AYou ask too many questions for a boy.@ 
When Ian did not reply Edon added, AFor anyone.@
APerhaps.@
AAnd you are insolent.@
They rode a few steps, night came early under the trees and the dark was beginning to settle in.
AWhat is that, >Insolent?=@
AImpertinent.@
Ian had no idea what impertinent meant either, but he decidedly knew that he was being put down.
AYou mean that I am ass-bared,@ employing a term common in the slums of Titania.
ARight, exactly,@ Edon commented without looking over.  
AYou are taking two of us to fight all of Heartstone and you think I am ass-bared,@ Ian scoffed.
AI said nothing about fighting. Did I not tell you before that there is a time to fight and a time to run?@
ASo what? We are running toward a fight?@
ALucifer=s flecking balls,@ Edon muttered and pushed Shade to ride ahead.
Chapter 25
The Bear=s Inn

Familiar with the Via Arborus from previous trips, Uman decided to push them past the onset of darkness until they reached the last lodge before Graystone.  The Bear=s Inn boasted enough beds for him and his few officers, and ale for all of them, even if the enlisted would only have the stables and straw to sleep in. Ale went a long way to making men happy. For a few coppers he could have a hot bath. The keeper, Byan the Bearslayer often had thick bear steaks seared on iron grills. The bears in this forest feasted on the plentiful nuts in preparation for hibernation and this time of year made well-marbled steaks. 
Byan’s size was imposing enough to put fear into the heart of a Viken. He trapped and hunted grim bears, preferring in either case to dispatch them face to face with only his war axe. Bears being bears, many had not fallen without a considerable scuffle, and Byan bore enough scars to frighten a coven of witches. At times the hulking man might be either boisterous or reticent, but a wise man tread carefully around both those moods. In any case, as it was the last inn before Graystone, and because Uman had developed a passion for bear steak, he always stopped there. 
They were met by Byan=s twin sons immediately upon entering the glade housing the inn and attendant outbuildings. Despite his fearful countenance, somehow Byan had managed to find a woman who would mate with him. How or why, Uman couldn’t conceive, perhaps for food and shelter, perhaps for sons, perhaps for both, nor did he waste much time in worrying about it. Anyway, he found her to be entirely too mouse-like for his taste. He admitted however, to be prone to a bit of prurient musing, about the spearing of the tiny woman by the massive Byan - such thoughts making him grow in his pants - but it was not a smart idea to dwell upon. 
Obviously, since they stood in the clearing waiting for him, the twins had spotted the troop and wagon some distance away. Uman tossed his reins to the taller and gave orders for the enlisted men to help with the bedding down of the mounts before leading his officers into the inn.  
Constructed with massive sycamare logs, the inn imposed a degree of civilization on the clearing that travelers found reassuring on the long and dark forest road. The chinking was well maintained, as one would expect with two boys for laborers. An ironwood door, tall enough to accommodate the owner, protected the entry. Three heavy iron hinges carried the door, which Uman doubted that any two of his men would be able to lift. Two windows of expensive colored glass, almost certainly imported from the kilns of Euron, framed the doorway. Much like the best steel, the best glass was imported from the Viridis, and lit from within the colors were a cheerful note in the gloom. 
Despite its weight the door swung easily on the oversized hinges, opening to a main room with ample space for more than his twenty odd men. A floor to ceiling natural stone fireplace on the left wall burned giant logs and radiated heat across the entire room. The air fairly dripped with the warm scent of bear stew simmering in a large black pot over the fire, the smell competing with and mingling with the sweet smell of baking bread. Two massive bear heads were mounted either side of another colored window on the opposite wall. Heavy oak tables worn dark with use were strategically placed to deny an intruder a straight path to the bar.  Behind the oak bar, quite ornately carved with bear reliefs, pewter and ceramic mugs stood in rows on plank shelves. The inn must be doing well Uman calculated, and Byan, notwithstanding his apparent crudeness, had a bit of a taste for expensive accessories.  
The bear hunter waited behind the bar when Uman entered, his head shaved on one side to accommodate a row of angry scars from a recent match with his favorite foe. An uncountable number of neat silk stiches held the wounds shut. Byan=s beard was graying and Uman wondered when the hunter would lose the one split second of a step that would give a lucky bear a complete victory. 
AUman,@ Byan had a barman=s remarkable affinity for names and faces. AHeading for Graystone?@ Not really the question he was asking, he knew darn well which way the captain was going, the real question was why. War seemed to be afoot, and war was generally good for business. Just so long as one did not pick the wrong side. Byan wasn=t easy frightened, but like all men who had lived - survived - around violence, he had learned prudence. Might be time to hire a couple of good mercers to hang about. 
Uman ignored the question and wove his way, officers in tow, through the tables to a seat at the bar.
AAle,@ he ordered. AAnd stew. We have twenty, I’m sure they=ll be hungry.@
Byan began filling mugs, setting the first three on the bar. ALyda... Lyda!@ he yelled a second time when no answer came. The tiny woman ghosted into view through the kitchen opening. Byan seemed to sense her presence although his back was turned, and even though Uman was certain she had made no sound. AGet bread. And stew for twenty men.@
AAnd these three will want steaks.@ 
 She disappeared back into the kitchen, still silent, only to reappear with a basket of long hot loaves that wafted pungently of yeast. Uman snagged a loaf as she passed and split it in three for his two officers. He savored the first bite as it melted in his mouth before returning his attention to Byan.
AYour army marched through here nigh on a week ago.@ Byan noted.
Good news for Uman, he did not relish arriving in Graystone with only twenty men and Jiana, palace intrigue not being his strong suit, mostly because at his rank he didn=t get inside too many palaces. He was wise enough to be wary when approaching a potential rival against his own sovereign, and with a third possible ruler - the actual heir - imprisoned. With kingdoms at stake, captains were cheap.
Once his men had traipsed in, most dripping mud from as their boots clomped over the raw wood planks of the floor (another expensive accessory which was out of place for a forest inn, Uman noted) he remembered the women.
ATwo prisoners outside,@ he commented to Byan between sips of warm ale.  The drink was tart without bitterness and left an afterglow of honey on the tongue. Almost as if a taste of mead had been added to the brew. Strong too, he would have to limit consumption by the men or he would have a bunch of incompetent hung-over riders in the morning.
AYou want to feed them?@
ABetter I guess, they are women.@
Byan nodded to Lyda who had finished serving the men, and although who ostensibly tended the pot, was listening. She filled two more bowls with stew and placed a chunk of bread in each.
Jiana had managed to push a burlap tarp through the top bars of the cage and spread it enough to provide a bit of shelter. Thankfully the rain now had become intermittent and less intense. The tarp dripped in places, but it beat nothing. They huddled, blankets over their backs and heads, when a tiny woman emerged from the mist. She pushed bowls of stew through the bars without comment. Jay clutched the warm bowls, questions crossed her mind, but between the aroma and the promise of warmth in her stomach, questions could wait. 
AThank you, thank you,@ Jay uttered in complete gratitude, unsure for a moment whether her voice would work. 
The woman didn’t speak; she locked eyes with Jay, holding her gaze longer than appropriate.  Her deep brown irises were nearly black, and … what… touched her? Jay shook her head, what? A thought? Almost a thought, not complete, not hers, but not intrusive. Then, be calm, things will work out.
Given their current condition that notion seemed delusional and elicited a scoff from Jay. She eyed the woman in curiosity. A witch perhaps.
Perhaps.
Perhaps what? Perhaps delusional or perhaps a witch?
Perhaps both. A faint smile might have crossed her lips.
Soundlessly her two sons came up behind her - silent as a specter apparently being an inherited trait. The woman motioned to a run-in shed that sat off the road, oblique to the barn. The boys lifted the yoke and despite a certain youthful scrawniness, pulled the cart through the mud.  Jay sat quickly before she might careen and spill any of the precious warm stew. She cocked her head; can you help us? Just like that she adopted the habit of thinking instead of speaking. 
Not at this time. I’m sorry.
I am Lady Le Baud, heir to Greenstone.
This I know. But I cannot free you. We would all be killed.
Not even the Bearslayer can take on all twenty men. She added.
She turned back to the inn when Jay didn=t answer. I will send more stew later. 
The shed turned out to have a brick forge where the innkeeper created his own implements and sometimes served as farrier for guests. The twins parked the wagon close enough that the radiance of its heat would easily reach them. In just a few days Jay had forgotten how it felt to be comfortable. Nearly normal. Except for being imprisoned and scared.
ADid you hear that?@ she asked Emily.
AHear what?@
The woman, she was speaking in my head, I think.
Emily rested her spoon in her bowl for a second, AJay, are you going crazy?@ 
Jay had to laugh. The entire world was going crazy as far as she could tell. But tonight she had a little hope. And a fire, and warm food.

Chapter 26
The Bear=s Inn

For his part Ian couldn’t see past the end of his nose as they rode in the moonless night, in a constant thin mist, and presumably in the center of the road.  At least he hadn’t run headlong into a tree yet, so he assumed they remained on the road.  He fought off fear of the trees, hanging over them ominously in the dark, and fear of a dark that was so much more complete than a city darkness. Navigation was entirely entrusted to the horses who seemed to be able to discern the road either by instinct or some better sense that people didn=t possess. With the reins slack, they kept a steady but monotonous gait which finally lulled Ian to a nodding and uncomfortable doze. 
He startled and nearly fell when a shape drifted out of the mist and grabbed his reins. “Lucifer’s balls,” he grabbed for his sword.
“Be calm,” the shadow advised.
Ian attempted to peer through the dark mist over to where Edon seemed to already be aware of another intruder.  
AIt’s okay,@ the mercer assured him. AWe are near an inn.@
The other boy whispered, A There are soldiers in the inn.@
AMany?@
AMaybe twenty or more, Heartstone,@ incidentally confirming Edon=s suspicions.
AAnd two women.@
AThey are of no concern to us.@ Edon said.
Why would he be lying? Ian=s wondered.
AYou lie.@ the boys stated together. 
AFleck you.@
AYou want help or no?@ they were leading the horses as if they could see as well or better than the animals. As they rounded a turn the light of a fire revealed a run-in shed and cast undulating shadows across the clearing. 
AThey’re in the wagon.@ Ian could make out the outlines of their two guides now. The taller boy leading Edon’s horse, indicated the prison cart in the shed.
ABut you cannot free them here, we will all get killed.@
ANo doubt,@ Edon had already processed that likelihood.  
AIt’s about four hours to dawn. For now, we are just travelers,@ not exactly an untruth, AWe will rest a bit and follow them later in the day.@
AMost of the soldiers are in the stable,@ one of the boys informed him, Athe leaders are in rooms.@ He was leading them toward the stables and past the shed.
AI want to see the prisoners.@
AIs that smart?@ Ian asked, Asuppose we get found out?@
ANot smart probably, but everything you do in life won’t always be the smartest thing. Sometimes you just got to gut it out.@
AYeah, but what if one of them sees us?@ Ian repeated.
ADamn unfortunate for him I guess.@
AMight be unfortunate for us too.@
AMight be, Ian, might be,@ and he lightly kneed Shade toward the shed.
Bundled together under a pile of blankets the prisoners were at first all but invisible. Light from the forge played with the shadows, flitting through the bars and over the ridges in the blankets. Exhausted, neither of the women awoke when they entered. 
Edon pushed back the hood of his cape. A duchess who was lord of a province was one step under a queen, so while he had never met one in person, he assumed something along normal protocol would be expected. Ian, quick learner that he was turning out to be, quickly followed suit.
Edon cleared his throat lowly, and failing a response to that, AMy Lady?@ 
A blond head peeked from the covers to tremulously ask, AWho is it?@ 
ALady Jiana?@
ANo, who are you?@ Emily nudged her companion awake.
Jay had for the first time in days a full stomach, and on top of that she was warm. AIsman’s Mother, Emily, let me sleep.@
Emily nudged her again, AJay, wake up.@
AGo away. Damn you.@ She tried to turn away, but only succeeded in throwing the covers partly off.
ALady Jiana,@ that was a male voice, baritone, firm and civil; the tone easily seductive but lacking any immodesty of intent. 
She poked her head up, her hair pin catching on the covers and dropping out. Uncombed chestnut curls went everywhere. ASorry, sorry, what’s going on?@ contrite and flustered and trying to put her hair back into some sort of order and determine if they were saved all at the same time. Her father=s voice from so many years ago, perhaps when she was ten and he first began grooming her for taking his place, echoed in her head, AYou may be afraid or uncertain, that is normal. But you can never let anyone else see that. Firm in gaze, firm in step, firm in voice.@
AWho are you,@ she mustered some authority, Aand what are you doing here?@ almost amused by her own question. Here I am in a prison wagon and I’m asking him what he’s doing here. How about get me the Hades out of here?
The stranger disclosed a certain lack of experience with a small, inelegant bow. AEdon, My Lady. I, we,@ he indicated Ian with a nod, Aare scouting for Captain Jarrod.@
Saved. She jumped up, ASo get us out of here.@
She could not make out much of him. He stood between the wagon and the fire and appeared mostly as a silhouette in the yellow firelight. Swarthy she thought, and for some reason he appeared to have been recently and very crudely shaved. As if by a knife rather than a razor. Tall and large of build, he carried two swords and seemed entirely composed, a man perfectly at home in the universe he had carved out for himself.  His confidence elicited an excitement in her heart, she as if it had skipped or sped up.  
ACan’t do that My Lady,@ he shook his head without emotion.
His voice made water of her bones, but she had to steady herself. Did he just say that he could not or would not do what she wanted?  If he was hired by Jarrod, he worked for her. Still, she wished she could listen to him say that last line a hundred times. None-the-less,  AYou...@ she emphasized by pointing at him rather rudely, Awork for me,@ she scowled thinking to impress him of the seriousness of that. 
Her eyes flashed in the firelight, he thought they were iron gray, in any case that was the color he seemed to remember, but there was not enough light to be certain. When she shook her head in disapproval, her hair, loosed from any restraint, settled about her shoulders in tangled curls. The warm tones of the fire shimmered across the highlights.  If anything, she was more attractive than he remembered, her father must not have been able to marry her off due to her rudeness. Too bad, if she had been married things might not have come to this.
AThere’s some twenty men in there,@ he indicated the barn, Aa caravan we can’t get past behind us, and likely a flecking army in front of us.@
AYou do not curse at the Duchess,@ Emily commanded.
AOh Lucifer’s= flecking balls,@ he retorted and turned away, his senses suddenly amiss. Byan=s two sons had slipped away into the darkness.
AWe will ride cross country,@ Jiana proposed.
Edon was about to reply to that when he turned back to them hand on hilt, but saw Ian holding the huge iron lock in one hand and probing the inside with a hairpin of all things. Before Edon could object, the mechanism made a small click and fell open.
AAwww shite.@ Edon put his left hand on his forehead and shook his head. Could this go any worse?
AHow did you do that? It had a spell.@  If Emily was awed, she was not alone, all of them seemed dumbstruck.
AI can feel things like that, My Lady. >Specially if they be metal.@
Great! Now he had a budding wizard tagging along with him. No wonder the little bastard was such an accomplished thief.  Edon shook his head, that also explained the boy=s skills at making fires.
Jay had already tossed her blankets to the floor and was preparing to open the door, ANever mind that, we’re getting out of here.@
ANo,@ Edon insisted.
ANo,@ a voice echoed from the front of the shed, reverberating in the space. AThe man is correct, no one is getting out of here.@
 Captain Uman strolled into the light, sword loosely in hand, arrogantly flipping the tip against his boot toe as he walked. His shirt was partly unbuttoned, and brown hair mussed as though he had arisen from his bed quickly. Edon didn=t think that he had been warned of their presence, it appeared to be just one of those things. Flecting Fate he thought.
ALucky I was not sleeping so well, heh?@ He confirmed Edon=s conjecture. The captain stopped well within Edon=s danger space. The weapon in his hand clearly lent him a feeling of invincibility. For Edon such carelessness indicated a certain level of ineptness, a good soldier never assumes he is safe. 
ASo, who the fleck are you?@ he used his sword to point at Edon=s chest.
AEdon, Sir. Captain sir.@ He shrugged and showed his hands empty. Knowing that it never hurts both to appear mentally challenged and to use flattery. AJust a mercer, Sir, looking for work. Heading for the Thorny Rose in Graystone. Heard they be looking for help.@  
Uman moved the point of his sword toward Ian, AAnd that thing, what is he doing to my lock?@
Ian had caused his improvised pick to disappear into his sleeve (so Edon guessed). AIan Sir,@ he picked up on Edon=s lead. A I=m a simple floor sweep and Sir Edon here, he was taking me with him to Graystone. Looking for proper work Sir.@
AMy lock,@ Uman demanded.
AOh. The lock Sir. I was admiring it and it seemed to fall open. It’s an admirable lock Sir. Must not have been locked or something.@
AYou are a liar and a thief likely. Before I stake you in the forest covered in honey for the bears, I am going to lop off your thieving hands. And cut out your tongue for good measure.@
AYou,@ he pointed to Edon, I will gut first.@
Edon scratched his temple with his right hand in what he hoped resembled confusion. ACaptain Sir. We are only passing through.  We mean no harm. We just saw the fire and wanted to get dry and warm.@ He shrugged and showed his open hands again. 
AYou are both liars, Ahe insisted, A why did you not come into the inn if you wanted to get warm? And what are you riding?@ He looked around.
Byan=s sons must have had the foresight to move their horses when they left. Hopefully they would be hidden deep in the stables with the inn=s stock. 
AJust a couple of old broken nags sir, must have wandered off when we came in here.@
Ian piped in, A We saw the prisoner whores sir. We just thought to do some whoring before we came in.@ He closed the lock on the hasp. ADidn=t mean no harm sir.@
While Edon appreciated the quick wit of the little thief, this might be over the top. Still, he had to stifle a smirk despite the circumstances. 
AThey’re not whores boy. And they ain=t your whores to boot even if you did know what to do with a whore.@ 
AYou want to give me a better reason not to kill you?@ His sword had moved back into Edon=s face.
Edon smiled, this time dangerously, although the captain did not pick up on the cue. ABecause you can’t.@
The sword wavered toward his belt and Edon read the man lacked confidence.
AYour swords are sheathed,@ he indicated, AWhat? You expect him to kill me?@ he indicated Ian.
ANo.@
AOne yell and I will have twenty men in here, you think you can kill twenty men.@
ANo. But you will be dead before they get here.@
AI=ll take that chance. Guards,” he yelled and drove his sword toward Edon=s stomach as hard as he could.
The mercer spun to his right ignoring the sword completely. A spinning kick to his foe=s head in this instance would normally be easier and safer, but with a sword on one hip and the bastard sword on his back, such a maneuver would be dangerously clumsy and slow.  He let his momentum carry him around and slightly off his feet and caught the captain=s temple with his left elbow. The man crumpled without a sound except for the clatter of his sword on the ground. The captain had not lied about the number of men he could call, in a moment the twenty odd soldiers and officers poured into the shed from the front and the rear door, most attired as though they had just been aroused, but all armed.
Edon stood relaxed on the dirt floor, one foot on Uman=s right arm bearing down hard enough to be painful, and with the point of Destiny just touching the neck of the stunned man. None of the Heartstone soldiers had thought to grab a crossbow, Edon saw with relief. They formed an arc around him and his captive, silent and confused. Finally, one spoke. A younger lad wearing only an undershirt and pants, no boots, and no insignia. Probably a new lieutenant Edon guessed. 
AWho are you?@  
Really not the pertinent question Edon thought. AReally? Does that matter?@ He prodded the captain=s neck, pushing the point of his blade fingernail deep into the flesh and causing blood to run. Uman groaned. AWake up.@
Uman opened his eyes and tried to move his head as if to shake out the cobwebs.  AWhat?@ he slurred.
AGood morning Captain. Got a headache tonight hey?@
Uman groaned again and writhed, the movement had no effect except to drive the sword deeper. 
AOh, Oh,@ he grabbed at the blade but Edon lightly flexed it, lightly slicing fingers without losing its position.
ACaptain Sir, I think if you try that again you might end up cutting your own throat.@
AYou will be dead if that happens you dropping of a pig.@
ANo doubt Captain, but after you,@ he jiggled the sword as though he had no care in the world, but he really was trying to be very careful. The weight alone could drive it through his neck, and a small error would be less than conducive to all of them surviving the night. 
AWhat do you want?@ from the underling, the captain was suddenly quite still.
A A bowl of stew, a hunk of bread and some ale.@ 
When that seemed to be too complicated, he explained, A I don=t want my servant=s hands cut off and I really don=t relish the idea of being gutted tonight.@ 
AAnd a bloodbath here in the Bearslayer=s shed over a couple of whores does not appeal to me either.@  He preferred not to reveal that he knew the captives’ identities.
AWe’re not whores you son of pig droppings.@ Emily objected.
What=s with the pig droppings he thought, was that supposed to be hurting his feelings? 
He was about to retort but Uman started whining.
AOw, Ow, okay, what do you want?@
AThought I answered that? I want to be left the fleck alone. That=s all. These two ain=t my business. The boy just wanted to try some whoring. No harm.@
AWell we seem to have a standoff,@ the lieutenant proposed.
ANot so young man, not so,@ ignoring the fact that the officer could only be at most two years younger than he.
AAsk your captain here. His life for our freedom. Good trade?@
AWe can kill you as soon as you let him go.@
ATrue. But an officer=s word is his bond. Right Captain?@ he probed just a bit with the blade.
AYes - yes. Let me go and you can stay in the inn and leave in the morning. Just be gone before we leave.@
AI swear, you are free to go. No punishment.@
APunishment. Isman’s Mother, Captain, we did nothing wrong here.@
ARight, I meant no hard feelings. Just a misunderstanding. Everyone goes their own way in the morning.@
ADeal,@ he spun away raising the sword to a crown guard before any of the assemblage realized he had moved.  
AIan. Let’s go. Nice meeting you Captain,@ he slowly backed out of the shed.
Uman said nothing. The snide bastard would not get away with this. But he had to handle it carefully.
AAny problems with this?@ Edon waited for dissent.
AThen we will be on our way and leave you gentlemen to your entertainment,@ he nodded toward the women in the cage. At the edge of the shed he turned swiftly and walked away.
AYou son of a pig.@ Emily screamed.  Jay said nothing. A mere mercer, but he displayed the bearing of a noble and had the voice of a god. He had faced overwhelming odds fearlessly. Only half his face had been illuminated completely in the firelight, silhouetting high cheekbones with full lips. She might almost be infatuated with him, despite his atrocious manners.  Of course, with the captain as his prisoner he had just given up and walked away. Worse, he called her a whore and left her for the entertainment of a bunch of soldiers. She revised her opinion, Emily was right, he was an insolent son of a pig. She stormed the two steps to the rear of the cage and threw herself on the bags.
Edon led Ian to the inn without speaking. When they got inside Ian asked, A Are they going to hurt them?@ 
ANo. They are too valuable, but I didn=t want to let them think we knew.@
Edon had spied Byan earlier, hovering in the gloom outside the run-in shed. The gleam of his oiled and well-honed axe in the feeble light was all that had betrayed his presence. Edon was not sure on which side the innkeeper would have come down, as an ally he hoped.
The Bearslayer met them in the main room when they entered the inn, a feat of speed that even Edon appreciated. Two heaping bowls of stew with bread were steaming at a table that gave them a view of the entire room and its openings. 
AAle?@
AWater please. We will not be long.@
Byan nodded in understanding. A The room at the very end. Good window.@ 
AExcellent,@ Edon laid two silvers on the table, more than twice the cost of the services. Reward one’s friends, for you never knew when they would go the extra league for you. 
Chapter 27
The Bear=s Inn

Edon shook Ian awake two hours before dawn.  A prolonged process as the youngster was exhausted from the long ride and the subsequent altercation. Plus, as Edon well knew, this was the worst hour for a human to be awake. Exactly why he chose it. Any guards posted would likely be groggy. But the captain=s demeanor left no doubt the two of them would be captives or dead if they remained in the room.
AWhattt. Go away,@ Ian complained.
AGet up. We’re leaving.@
Ian swatted at him. AGo away, I’m tired.@
ANot so loud.@ There are sure to be men lurking outside the door.
Edon again shook Ian=s shoulder, this time with nearly enough force to dislocate it.
ASleep fool and die today.@
AOooh. My head hurts.@ 
The mercer could not see the boy in the dark, but sensed his eyes were open finally.
AGood. Means you=re still alive. If you don=t get your arse out of that bed you won’t be for long.@
AWhat. We have a deal.@ 
Did he meant to imply that the captain wasn’t a danger to them? AYou are betting your life on the word of that viper?@
AOkay, okay.@ Ian rolled out of bed still in the damp clothes he had worn all day. He located his boots, apparently a challenge, and pulled the first one on wrong footed.
ALucifer’s= balls,@ he swore.
AYou should make a good mercer,@ Edon whispered, A you swear like one. Now if you can only learn some coordination.@
AHow are we getting out.@ If there were men outside the door, Ian didn=t see how they would get past quietly.
AThe window.@
During construction the inn had been situated front to back on the hill with the rear lower than the front. Byan had intentionally designed the window as a route for those who needed to leave without alerting anyone in the building. Edon had checked the potential escape route not long after Ian had fallen asleep. A single-story mud room projected from the rear directly under the window. The roof of cedar shakes was slippery with moss but had only a slight slope. Tricky but not impossible to traverse.
AAnd then what?@
Edon decided that he would have to grow more patience to deal with all the questions involved in this teaching thing.
AAnd then either the boys will be out there with our horses, or we are jumping dead into an ambush.@
Ian bumped into a table in the dark and caused it to scrape noisily across the floorboards.
AShite.@
AQuiet.@ 
They waited, counting seconds that felt like minutes, before deciding it was safe to continue. The window was casement style, real glass in a frame divided into six panes, hung on small iron hinges. Well-oiled hinges. It opened easily and silently. 
The four-meter leap from the roof onto muddy and slick soil worried him. A turned or broken ankle meant certain death if discovered, and he was less than completely optimistic that they would avoid a fight on the escape.
The pre-dawn dark enhanced the sheer slickness of the damp moss that clung to the shingles.
AIsman=s nuts,@ Ian swore and grabbed for the window sill to keep from sliding off.
AShut-up.@ Edon peeked over the edge and started when a crude ladder of oak and rope bumped against the eave.  A very tiny lantern lit the rope rungs from below. Both of Byan=s boys waited at the bottom. Edon nearly launched headlong off the edge when Ian slid the few remaining feet out of control and smashed into him. He snatched the youth=s collar at the last second and somehow prevented the two of them from plunging head-first over the eaves.
ACoordination,@ he muttered.
Looks like Byan kept a seedy clientele who often required rear exits he mused as he crept down the ladder., counting himself amongst the seedy.  He removed one more silver from a purse that was getting desperately close to empty and handed it to the taller boy without a word. To his credit the boy turned it back. ANo.@
The second boy took the ladder away and the first pointed to the woods. AGraystone?@ he whispered.
Edon nodded. They led the horses and followed the Bearslayer=s son onto what Edon could only presume was a path. Within a few hundred meters he was keenly aware that without the tiny light leading them, he could be days finding his way out of the forest.  
 Under the tall trees dawn didn=t exactly break, it filtered down slowly through the foliage and because it changed so slowly, the light could come upon you unaware. The boy left them just at what would be the break of dawn, on the road to the west of the inn.  After-which Edon led them back up the road until he settled on a rock outcropping overlooking a blind turn.
AHere,@ he said and led them a place deep enough into the woods that he thought the horses could be left safely. He loosely draped his reins over the branches of a fallen tree. Ian followed suit but tied his reins off.  ANot so tight,@ Edon advised, explaining that should they die today there’s no good sense in the horses starving.
“I thought we were running to Graystone?”
“Change of plans.”
AEver used one of these?@ he handed Ian a cavalry size crossbow. 
Ian shook his head.
Edon loaded a bolt, AJust point at the center of what you want to hit and pull the trigger. NO thinking. Point, shoot.@ he demonstrated by hitting the center of a tree some twenty yards distant.
ADon=t try to reload. If you hit someone it’s a boon. Just shout and run afterward. Try to get some of them to follow you.@
He led the way back to the site he selected for the ambush and found a position where Ian would have an easy shot at any rider turning the corner, and then a clear lane to retreat.
ANo heroics. Just run. Fast.@
AYou’re going to fight all of them by yourself.@
ANo,@ he explained his reasoning. AThat fool of an officer is gonna be angry and think like a peddler instead of an officer. He won’t know which direction we ran and is most likely to send a patrol both ways. That leaves only six or ten left to guard the wagon.@
AJust six or ten?@ Ian mocked. 
AMaybe less. But don=t shoot until I do. The first patrol will be looking only for us. Any luck and they=ll race right past us all the way to Graystone. The second group will have the wagon.@
He settled behind a boulder with a view partly around the bend and waited. The pemmican he had brought from his saddlebags was tough, but flavorful. He threw a piece to the boy.
AEdon?@
AWhat? You need to be silent.@
AI have this.@ He shook a very heavy doeskin purse and tossed it over to the astonished mercer.
AWhere did that come from?@
AThe captain.@
Edon lifted the pouch testing its weight. AHoly Lucifer, must be fifty silvers in here.@
AOnly forty, but two golds also.@
Edon reflected for a moment, all that money was not a captain=s, it must belong to his superior, meant for the unit to buy their way out of any potential trouble. Losing it would mean a demotion at least. That should really make the captain livid, or frantic, or both. In answer to that question the pounding of galloping hooves echoed through the trees. 
AStay down,@ as if he had to even explain. He lay low to the ground, disregarding the mud and peeked around his cover. The captain himself led a group of eight, whipping their mounts into a furious sprint. The fools would exhaust their mounts in a few leagues.
Chapter 28
The Bear=s Inn
Just before dawn, Lyda slipped quietly into the shed bearing plates with boiled eggs, cheese, bear bacon and dark bread. Combined with the fact that for the first time in days Jiana felt warm and dry, the very scent of a second warm meal almost made her feel human again. 
“I am sorry we could not bring more stew last night.,” Lyda handed bowls awkwardly through the bars while speaking. 
AThank you,@ Emily spoke. Jiana remained quiet. Who are you?
“Lyda,” she answered out loud.
Are you a witch? Sort of a bit direct, but Jay needed to be sure.
Some would say that. Mostly I heal. A valuable ability with a husband who likes to hunt bears.
Jay took a moment to absorb that.
You have magic too, or you could not hear me.
Oh. I did not know that. How could I not know that?
Sometimes it comes late. Sometimes you only find the gift when you really need it. 	
Am I a witch? Somewhat more strident than she intended.
Well, it’s nothing to be ashamed of. Witch, magus, wizard, all of a breed. 
Jay stood silently, the food untouched in her hand, shocked by the revelation.
Must not be a good one.  If she didn=t know for twenty years she had magic, clearly it must be defective or weak.
Eat, you will need it.
Jay had about a thousand questions crowding into her mind, the first of which being how the witch was (the other witch!) not hearing all these thoughts.
Your privacy is always yours.
Flabbergasted, Jay did not realize in her surprise her mouth hung open.
I did not read your mind. That’s the first question we all ask
Jay sat back slowly on the sacks that had begun to conform to their contours in such a way to almost be comfortable. 
Little one. 
That was funny, Jay thought she must be a head taller than Lyda. What?
The gift often comes late when it will be strong.
AWhat?@ Emily asked between mouthfuls, sensing she was excluded from some essential fact. AThis is good,@ she waved her spoon at the bowl to conceal her discomfort.
AI think I=m a witch,@Jay whispered, face away from the two guards. Lyda exited without comment.
Emily didn=t look up from her food, Ayou don=t look like a witch.@
AWhat’s a witch look like?@
AStringy and nearly bald black hair. Snaggy teeth. Warts and wrinkles.@
AOh, I forgot, claws for fingernails.@
AThanks. Eeew.@
AYou can’t be a witch. Doesn=t make sense just now you find this out.@
ADo something. Make something disappear or anything.@
AI don=t know how to do that.@
ACase closed. Not a witch.@ she bumped shoulders with Jay in camaraderie, the warmth and the food apparently uplifting her mood also.
About which time the huge door of the inn slammed open and Uman stomped out screaming. Byan followed him out into what served as a courtyard, although right now it was mostly mud, the grass being sparse anyway, and the early rains taking a toll.  Byan appeared to be agitated but not enraged.  Uman clearly was enraged. 
AI am not paying you anything.@ He spun and pointed his sword at the innkeeper. AYou stole my money and you helped them escape.@
AI stole nothing. I am an innkeeper not a thief. And your prisoners are over there,@ he pointed.
AThe mercers you overstuffed buffoon,@ he raged. AYou helped them escape.@
AThe mercers were not my prisoners,@ he lazily shrugged a huge shoulder, A they paid for a room and meal, and left early.@ 
AYou on the other hand have not paid. The total is five silvers.@
As Jay watched the scene unfold Lyda materialized behind her husband an axe as tall as she on her shoulder. The double crescent blade designed for both slicing and chopping glistened evilly in the few rays of light that struck it.  The end was tipped with a short steel spear point. By now most of the contingent had wandered out from the stables in curiosity, most taking a stance again in a wary arc, a discreet distance from the antagonists.
AYou    Stole    My    Money,@ Uman shouted. 
ANot so,@ Byan shrugged. 
AThen one of your spawn did it. Where are they? Hiding?@
A My sons,@ emphasis on sons, A are in the barn taking care of your mounts. Or out hunting. Who knows, they’re boys.@  He knew exactly where they were, and they both carried small arbalests. 
AThey did not take your money. They have no need for money out here.@ He waved his hand around at the forest. ADo you see someplace to spend money?@
 Uman=s face was so red Jay expected him to explode.  She feared for the innkeeper. Even Lyda had said he could not handle twenty men. She felt for the dagger she had concealed in her pants. Small comfort that, she was useless in the cage, and the knife useless against men with swords. 
Before Uman committed to a course of action, Byan spoke, AI claim the right of requisition.@
Although she would best be described as an unwilling pupil, Jiana had been educated by Greenstone’s librarian. That involved a certain fluency in the laws of the provinces. Irena Drakis loved books and loved caring for them and reading them, but viewed Jiana as an untrustworthy intruder, possibly too stubborn to teach. Impossibly ancient and equally emaciated, Irena always worn cotton print dresses, all cut from a same nondescript brown fabric (they put Jay in mind of a monk=s hassock). They had hung as loosely from her thin shoulders as they would from a coat hanger. Once, when the woman=s back was turned, Jay marked the hem of one of the dresses. The next day the mark was gone, either she washed the same dress every day, or she had several of the exact type. Lydia had assigned her to a desk near a window overlooking the bailey. Outside, children might be running, or soldiers practicing, and the corner desk quickly became a war zone. Eventually, after it became clear that in this regard her father was not an ally, and that Lydia despite her apparent frailty, had no hint of surrender in her thin body, Jay capitulated to an undeclared truce. In due time Jay learned enough to attend the courts at her father=s side. 
Jiana was still somewhat taken aback by the indictment.
This law was bedrock to all provinces. Due to the difficulty and dangers of building, as well as maintaining, inns and way stations in the forests, and their inherent value to the realm, the laws concerning protections for those who assumed such risks were both strict and strictly enforced. When swindled for payment an innkeeper had the right to lay claim on any valuables, with the exception of the animals needed by the guests for actual transportation. The objects claimed could be redeemed when payment was made, or failing payment, in one month=s time, the keeper could sell or use the possessions as his own.
His legal demand carried the full protection of the province and created a quandary for Uman. If he chose force now, he might lose all or some of his soldiers’ support, given that the crime was punishable by hanging. 
AI claim the wagon.@ Byan pointed.
Furious, but determined to retain his composure, Uman considered his options. It made sense that the innkeeper did not steal his purse. More likely the mercers, although he could not understand how they managed it. If it was the mercers, then he had to catch them because the lost money would cost him a promotion at the least.  And for the sheer joy of gutting them. Byan could be dealt with later, in private. Be a shame about losing the bear steaks though. 
AVery well,@ he could care less about the wagon and its inert cargo. ATake the women out,@ he ordered.
ANo. The women too, they are in the wagon.@
For a second Jay expected Uman would renege on the deal, his fingers tapped nervously on his sword hilt, but he relented suddenly, scoffing.
AWe’re wasting time. Get our horses.@ Uman prided himself on the ability to make quick decisions. If the mercers had his money, they likely had more than an hour=s start on him. The question then was which way did they flee? The smart wager would be southwest since an entire caravan was coming down from the direction of Heartstone.  He chose eight riders with the fastest horses to go that direction with him, and split the remaining dozen into two equal groups, one to watch the captives and the other to ride northeast just in case. 
As he pulled his mount around in the yard he paused to warn, A If you have crossed me, I will burn this place to the ground with you in it. After I gut your children and hang them to die in the trees. Her too,@ he pointed at Lyda, Aafter my boys have their fun.@
The Bearslayer made no comment as troops wheeled and charged in opposite directions away.  The six men allotted the task of guarding tethered their horses and drifted toward the shed. 
Jay=s saw her hope that the captain would leave only one or two guards, was foiled.  Intermittently during the night she had awakened to think on the lock, racking her brain fruitlessly for some word or spell. Did not Lyda say she was a witch? Failure deepened her despondency. What flecking good was magic if she didn=t know what or how to work it? Before light she tried her hand with the hairpins again, this time inserting two at a time. Eventually, she threw the them across the shed in frustration.
She had tried reaching out to Lyda to complain or request help, but either she had not learned enough of the skill, or the witch was too far away.
The soldiers found makeshift seats on bales of hay or the floor and in the way of soldiers everywhere, most were soon dozing. 

Chapter 29
The Bear=s Inn

Edon wasted no time taking advantage of his foe=s divided forces. If Uman rode with eight riders, then just as likely he sent that many north. Or at least probably six and his second in command. That left four or six at the wagon, odds that would never be better, but he only had at most two hours to strike. Fleeing from the inn in the predawn darkness he sensed that they traveled at least a league on the meandering forest trail, but by road they were merely half a league away. A valuable hour drained away as they crept up to a point in the woods directly facing the shed.  Six guards, he cursed under his breath. Six sleepy guards though, that detail was a definite plus.   
The inn’s kitchen door slammed shut with enough force to alert the guards, and the innkeeper=s wife and one son crossed the courtyard with what Edon took to be a pitcher of steaming kaffe. The boy was carrying cups and a basket.
AShite,@ he muttered and slid back down below the level of the road to be completely out of sight. All six of them would be wide awake now, maybe he should reconsider and try to attack from the back of the shed.  A dangerous and most likely bloody, take no prisoner course of action. Strands of talk and banter drifted toward them as the grateful men devoured their unexpected bounty. 
AWhat now?@ Ian had serious doubts about the plan to Asneak up@ across a hundred meters on six soldiers who no longer were dozing. AYou got another brilliant plan?@
AYeah. Throw your arse out on the road and while they’re chasing you, I will get the women.@
AVery funny,@ Ian sulked.
AKeep talking just like you are,@ Edon whispered, ASomeone is sneaking around in the woods.@ He palmed a throwing knife in one hand and admonished Ian not to use the bow. After a few seconds a hushed voice came from behind a large tree. ADon=t shoot, it’s Petra.@  It sounded like one of Byan=s sons, although this was the first time he had heard a name. The youngster paused only for a second and then slid quietly up to Edon=s position, immediately peeking up over the bank. 
ADon=t get seen dammit.@
AIt’s okay, they’re already going.@
AGoing where?@
AGoing to sleep. There’s bladdernut root in the bread and in the kaffe. Enough to put horses down.@
Edon joined the boy peering over the edge. Sure enough most of the guards were already falling into a deep sleep. Cups and bread littered the floor where they dropped from limp hands. The last man was nodding heavily but struggling not to pass out. 
AGive him a minute,@ Petra advised. ABest thing is they=ll not remember a thing.@
Chapter 30
The Bear=s Inn

Lyda and her son left without a word to the hostages, although Jay got one thought as the servers left the shed. Just watch, whatever you do don=t eat. How they might eat since they were not given any food seemed sort of problematical for Jay.
Emily managed to gripe about being ignored. 
AYou really can’t be hungry?@ Jay questioned. The breakfast they had been provided was more than adequate. 
ANo. But the kaffe smells good,@ she twisted her lips wryly.
Mere moments passed before all but one of the men were sound asleep, and he sat staring at the kaffe distrustfully, his eyes out of focus. Then he dropped the cup to the floor and fell face forward after it.
AShe poisoned them.@
AI don=t think so. I think they’re just sleeping.@
No sooner was the last man safely dozing then Lyda, Byan and one son returned though the rear entrance.  Lyda and the boy began picking up the remnants of the tainted meal.
Jay watched impatiently, are they going to free us or what?
In a moment, have patience.
AOh.@ she hadn=t realized that she had projected that thought. She would have to be more careful.
Byan set about disarming the guards, tossing the weapons in a pile on the floor. They were quickly joined by the second son who skipped jauntily across the clearing along with the two disreputable mercers from the other night. Ian located a hairpin her throw had impaled in the wall as if he had put it there himself.  With the pin inserted into the keyhole he held the lock in one hand, eyes closed as if waiting for a clue from the lock.  A twist and a pull achieved a small click. Perhaps he whispered something, Jay was not certain.  He stepped back with the lock in his hands, but left the gate latch bolted and closed. 
AWell are you coming?@ That voice again, deep, but with a hint of gentle breathiness. Solidly confident, with no hint of threat. A voice that she might find impossible to resist - given other circumstances - but today, after spending another night imprisoned due to his inaction, she again decided to hate it. Or at least dislike it. And him with it.
Emily reached through the bars and slid the bolt back, allowing the door to swing free. She hoped out, but Jay paused to study the mercer. Hired by Jordan and naught but her servant. She would make the rules; she would give the orders. That he would need to learn.  Still it was her first chance to observe him in the light.
Tall, perhaps two meters, and lean without being thin, His beard coming in dark and a bit unkempt, dark eyebrows and hair - all recently shaved off as per her impression last night. The hair still coming in unevenly, dark with light streaks.  His cheekbones were high and strong, and his skin could best be described as tawny. Green eyes gleamed like a promise when the light struck them, and looked like they could laugh, but seldom found a reason. The eyes were very serious now.
When he moved, she got the impression that he was in tune with some force or entity beyond the visible, as if he were almost a mirage of himself, here, in sight, yet not. Impossible, and very disconcerting, but very magnetic. He is beautiful she thought and upbraided herself for it. Bellicose was also beautiful. She had beautiful dogs too. So now she owned a beautiful soldier. 
AWell are you going to get out, or do you intend to stand there staring like a moron until the riders get back?@
AOn second thought, stay in there and toss those bags out. Ian get in there and help.@
AI pay you,@ she announced, not moving, A you do not tell me what to do.@
AYes, My Lady,@ Edon bowed. A So stay in there and wait for the captain to return or get the flecking bags out so we can throw these guards in there.@
When she didn’t move, he added, AThese guys won’t sleep forever.@
You two lovebirds need to stop spatting and get moving.  
I am not a Alovebird.@
Right. And I am not a witch. Ha.
Jay grunted in dissention, but began moving the bags with Ian.
Byan replaced the bags with the unconscious men, lifting them from the floor as if they were no more than sacks of potatoes. He dropped them into the cage one on another with much less care than he would have taken with vegetables.
AYou have a plan?@ Jay asked Edon.
Lyda answered instead.   
AThe safest place for you to hide now is Graystone. Peter will lead you to the outskirts. You must handle it from there.@
And then, recognizing all their concerns, AWe have safe places within the forest where Petra will hide your horses. When you come back, they will be ready.@
So far Edon had not objected, but Jay found the proposal troubling. A I should be at Greenstone,@ she protested, AI cannot lead from Graystone.@ 
Jiana, Lyda reached out to her mind calmly, with as many armies marching now, you will never make it. You are the only heir to power, and the only hope for Saturia, no one will replace you at Greenstone.
 ANo,@ Edon injected, ALyda=s right, we would never make it to Greenstone.@
 AWhat is your plan?@ Edon asked Lyda, fully aware of the danger that the family and the inn had incurred.
ATie me up. You will have to cut Byan and knock him out. It has to look real.@
AIan, you must return the money,@ Lyda said.
AHow did you know?@ 
She smiled, something Jay had not seen before, the witch liked the youngster for some reason. Was he a witch too? Where there that many of them? Lucifer=s balls - how do you know who to trust?
Ian is a wizard, not a witch. He does not realize that.
Ian nonchalantly lobbed the purse underhanded into the cage. The toss indicated that the money itself had no intrinsic value to the little thief, which caused Jay to wonder why in the name of Hades he had bothered to steal it.
AIan. Rope,@ Edon pointed to the rafters where loops of thick hemp rope dangled loosely from hooks.  Ian bound the witch tightly to one of the thick oak columns supporting the roof, and Byan moved to the center of the shed and dropped his axe on the floor.
Edon hesitated. Cutting a friend gave him a disagreeable lurch in his stomach. What if he cut too deeply? What if he hit him too hard? Sometimes a smash to a head caused lasting confusion in the injured, and skulls crushed far too easily. 
 AHurry,@ Lyda urged. You cannot kill the Bearslayer, even grim bears cannot kill him.@
Edon hesitated.
AFor Isman’s sake!  I’m a healer. Do you think you can cut him worse than a thousand kilo grim bear?@
Byan puffed out his enormous chest. ACut.@
The lorei flashed from the sheath. The first thing Jay saw was the parting of the Bearslayer=s tunic, followed by a rush of blood. Edon=s slash was designed to make the maximum visual impact but do the least real damage. The cut was shallow, but bled profusely and despite the lack of depth, the wound would need stitches.  He completed a back-swing striking Byan with the flat of the sword against the side of his head. The Bearslayer=s eyes registered surprise, he had not been ready for the back-swing. He rocked toes to heels for a second, eyes wide, tottered, and fell stiffly like one of the trees in his beloved forest. 
Edon measured the debt they owed this family, and it was difficult to calculate.
Chapter 31
Graystone

Uman tried hard to focus, but the bare breasts!  Idwal perched on a gilded mahogany chair raised upon a dais, sipping wine from an actual blown glass goblet. A woman stood on either side, bare chested, slowly fanning him in an effort that Uman knew was totally unnecessary. He recognized that the sole purpose of the women was distraction. It was working. Tryan hunkered behind a huge funny-shaped table spread with maps, perpendicular to the dais and paying no attention at all to the women. He could not understand how Tryan could be oblivious.
ACaptain Uman.@ Tryan rattled the purse which was lighter than it should have been due to the necessary compensation to the innkeep. AHave you been spending your province=s money foolishly?@ 
The General leaned forward on the table, his eyebrows knit together in a glower. Beside him the Lords of both Heartstone and Graystone, grim faced and silent. To Tryan=s left sat each castles= commander.  Uman was not feeling any love so to speak from his Duke, Keison. Despite the early fall weather, the tent seemed hot; sweat trickled down his back and his forehead was damp, he fought against an urge to wipe at it, even as he feared that the sweat would run into his eyes. The salt would make him appear to be crying, just what he needed. Wiping it would also be weak - he could not win here. He cast a furtive glance at the Emperor trying to avoid seeing the breasts.
AI’m over here captain, do you have trouble concentrating?@
ANo General.@
ABut somehow you lost two women. Two women who were in a cage.@
Uman recognized that no answer he might proffer would benefit his predicament.  He lifted his chin and tried to stand straighter as though he was completely inured to whatever was about to befall him. Sweat trickled under his arms now.
ASeems to me you have some sort of comprehension problem then?@ he paused waving his forefinger around his temple in derision.
AYou had a simple job to do. Kill the escorts, take two women captive and bring them here.@
AWas that too hard for you captain? Do we need to send a colonel?@ he waved down the table were lower officers were seated, Aand a whole damn battalion?@
ANo sir.@
AWell it looks like we should have. Or are all Heartstone=s forces so helpless?@ He turned his eyes on Keison to deliver the insult.  Normally such an affront was adequate cause for a challenge, but none of the Heartstone men moved or protested. 
 Uman=s riders had all been turned over to Tryan=s intelligence people. The interrogations ranged from pleasant conversations over drink in a local alehouse, to some of the less damaging, but more painful questioning methods. Tryan already knew everything he needed, this proceeding was more of a reprimand than interrogation.  The question that terrified Uman was just how physical a reprimand this would turn out to be.  
AYou did not even manage to kill all the escort, did you?@ 
ANone of them escaped,@ Uman protested, A I swear.@
AYou swear. How quaint. Did you even bother to do opossum check?@ Tryan rolled his eyes. ADid you cut their throats? Run a sword through their hearts? Lop off their damn heads?@
ANo, you didn=t because one of them, head still on his shoulders, is at Greenstone now.@ that information had cost several gold, but now he had a reliable spy in the castle. 
Uman kept his mouth shut. Nothing he could say would help him now. He had not thought to check the victims for possible signs of life. 
ANormally I would just have you drawn and quartered, but your incompetency could have some dividends.@ 
When Uman failed to answer Tryan spread his hands in mock surrender, AWould you care to know how?@ Without waiting for an answer he continued, AJarrod split his forces and has sent all his cavalry after little lady Jiana.@ 
AWe will be able to insert our cavalry between them and the castle as a blocking force. You and your squad of idiots will be bait to keep them moving. You will get in front of them. You will have to ride hard to do it, but when you get there, you will attempt to stay only a day=s ride ahead. @
AWhy would they follow us when we don=t have their Lady?@
AI will feed them information that you do. And, you will have two women dressed in their clothing riding with you.@
AIf you succeed, great. And we can forget about this embarrassment. If they catch up to you and kill you, great, as long as you have drawn them out. If you fail, you best leave the Isman’s damned continent.@
AArrangements are made,@ he waved a hand in dismissal. AGo. I have an army to move.@

Chapter 32
Outskirts of Graystone

Peter led them to Graystone with the same uncanny accuracy as his brother had taken them through the forest previously. The journey by foot took three days, but each night he located good campsites, safe from bears, and in areas not frequented by the apes above. He knew where clean streams bubbled out of the ground for refilling water skins, and each evening as they settled down, he faded into the forest for a short time and returned with meat by the time they had a fire going.  For the most part the trip proceeded with no difficulties, Peter and Ian in front, the women in the center, and Edon bringing up the rear, often many paces behind. Not that there seemed to be a great likelihood of ambush from that direction, other than an angry or hungry bear. 
When they camped or stopped to rest Edon seldom spoke to her, but when he did, he was courteous to the point of infuriating. Jiana found the mercer attentive to their needs, and to their privacy, which was especially pleasant after being captive to the disgusting Captain Uman. But his demeanor was chillier than the streams from which they took their water.
She watched him when she could, covertly; he flowed with the feral grace of large predator. Never out of place, never discomfited, arriving at his destination before one realized he had moved. His proximity distressed Jay in ways she could not describe or would dare admit. Although the mourning period for her fiancé was past, his promise bracelet still adorned her wrist. And Edon, as attractive as he might be, was a commoner. Less than a commoner, a mercenary. Which fact Emily did not hesitate to elaborate upon whenever they chattered on the trail. Jay tried to convince Emily that there was no danger of a relationship with the soldier, but Emily did not buy into that.  At first, Emily, slowly overcoming her own grief and shock, was a bit acerbic, but by the last day in the forest she was really beginning to return to her old self.
AYou absolutely positively cannot marry a mercer. I will not let you.@
AAnyway,@ she added and actually giggled, AI think he hates you.@
AHe does not,@ Jay countered. 
AHas he even touched you? Talked to you other than, AYes, My Lady?@ Emily pushed Jay=s arm in play.
ANo. But he filled my water skin,@ she shook it for emphasis.
ASo what, you pay him silly.@
ABesides, Ian fills mine. I don’t want to marry him.@
AIan’s a boy you moron.@ she pushed back in retaliation. 
AAlso, the priest=s won’t allow it. You=re in mourning still and he’s not suitable.@
AI don=t want to marry him anyway - and I’m not in mourning.@
AYour Da!@
AOh... Oh.@ How did that get pushed from her mind?
ABesides, he’s a mercer. He probably never washes down there. And he probably can’t@... she made a disgusting motion with her fingers and hands, Ado it right.@
AEmily! Holy Isman the Creator! That’s disgusting.
They both laughed at the joke.
AAnyway, I bet he can, A she mimicked Emily=s lewd gestures. AAnd he does wash, I=ve seen him.@
AYou saw him wash that?@ disbelieve in her tone and on her face. AAnd you think I’m disgusting@
ANooo. I mean he does wash. Not that. I mean I haven=t seen that, A she stammered.
AMaybe I could be his mistress. Well not that,@ she reflected, AHe had to be a royal to have a proper mistress. AHe could be my mistress@ she frowned, AManstress.@
Emily shoved her sideways again.
AAre you crazy?@ I bet you never even have...@ she made the gesture again.
Jay didn=t answer.
AWell. Have you?@
AWell, not exactly.@
ANot exactly? What is there a middle ground?@
AOkay. No. None of your business anyway.@
AHave you?@ she asked defensively.
AWell, not exactly.@ Emily chortled. 
They arrived at the outskirts of Graystone just shy of dark. Peter picked a spot slightly uphill from the camps that allowed a clear view all the way to the castle. The army below had ravaged much of the forest around the town to build their breastworks and for tent poles, leaving large unwanted piles of brush littering the forest edge. They made excellent concealment. 
Edon made Ian drag more brush into the pile Peter had selected until they were surrounded and hid from sight on all sides. He spread his blankets on the ground and watched as the waxing first moon rose over the garrisoned army. Tonight the first moon was the larger of the two, but the least bright. Appearing as a green crescent - Greenstone legend being that it was composed of the same stone as their castle - it cast strange shadows, but little real light. 
Natural light turned out to be unnecessary, because hundreds of campfires soon lit the valley below, and even from a distance he discerned a level of activity that meant an army preparing to move. The huge pyramidal shaped tent in the center could only belong to an emperor, but neither pale green moon light nor the fires illuminated the standards enough to distinguish them.  The only emperor possible would be Idwal from Sandia, but simple logic dictated he could not be here. No passage through the Alpinas existed this far north, and no army could have passed through Urania. But … If it turned out to be Idwal, Edon shuddered with the implication. Emperor Idwal ab Rex ab Owian, great-grandson of the original of the same name, would make pawns of the Dukes of Saturia.  And Idwal enjoyed pawn sacrifices. 
Edon had enough schooling to be aware of the original Idwal’s malevolence. In private, and certainly not when in the city or country of the Emperor, Edon referred to this Idwal as AIdwal the Vicious,@ for he was every bit as cruel and vain as his great-grandfather. In Sandia women were strictly controlled, men were afraid, arrests and punishment were seemingly spontaneous.  Public beheadings in the city square kept more than one executioner employed. Given the opportunity to adjure, Edon studiously avoided travel over the mountains. 
AWhat should we do now?@ reluctantly, due to Edon=s very real reticence, Jiana asked.
ASleep,@ he rolled over in his tarp covering himself and presented his back to her. There was little chance that they could be discovered in the hide-away Ian had created, and nothing they could do against an army of tens of thousands. 
She still had her dagger and gripping the hilt firmly in her hand considered jabbing the impertinent mercer right in his arse. Sleep, for Isman=s sake, a massive army, dwarfing the whole of Saturia=s forces was ensconced in one of her own territories. Merely a half-moons march from her home!  Sleep was the last thing they should do. They had to get a message to Greenstone.  Was he snoring?  She held her breath and listened. He was. A very slight exhalation passed his lips with each breath. His sweet, full, perfectly arched - hateful - lips. What was wrong with her?
She rolled over away from him but dozed only fitfully through the night.
In the morning they breakfasted on hardtack and water while he passively observed the proceedings below. By quarter-noon a large contingent of the cavalry had formed up and ridden out alone. To Edon that implied that they were on some secondary mission. Another part of the cavalry rode out with the wagons, and the various infantry, archers and engineers followed. By half-noon much of the army had struck camp and was marching down the road toward Greenstone. The control and logistics were masterful. Edon realized that the general in command would be a formidable foe. 
ASo now what?@ she queried, not too careful to hide the sarcasm in her voice.
AWe go to town My Lady,@ he replied equally derisive.
Emily and Ian watched from the sidelines, both riveted by the intrigue and unwilling to voice any opinion for fear of becoming the object of either=s scorn. 
AShall we just walk in then?@ she threw her hands up. What are you stupid she thought? Working very hard not to say it out loud.
AYes, not this gate though. We will never get pass the traffic or the army.@
Briefly he laid out a plan. First, he had to convince all three of them of its safety. The basic insanity of them entering Graystone would provide them a degree of protection. Anyone searching for them would expect that the Duchess would flee back to Greenstone. Second, they would split into two pairs. Ian would go in first with Emily, posing as brother and sister. He stripped Ian of his sword, tossing it into the brush.
AYou won’t need that. A weapon can only get you into trouble down there.@
You will be looking for work in the city as a... what do you like to do?@
ALift purses?@ Ian questioned flippantly. All forms of work which he had tried so far were less than pleasant. A great many were very much less than pleasant.
AApprentice farrier,@ Edon decided, AYou like horses, right?@
Ian nodded, AAnd her?@
AServing wench, A you need to send money back to your parents in the village to feed all your brothers and sisters.@
AFind the Thorny Rose before dinner hour.@

Chapter 33
 Graystone


Cutting through or around piled thickets of discarded brush to circumvent the camp required the better part of the morning, and covered all four in nicks that burned from the sweat running into the tiny wounds. Ian and Emily appeared visibly distressed by the time they reached the rutted dirt road leading to the north gate. Emily=s hair had matted to her head and Ian was sweating profusely and not speaking. Edon thanked Isman that it was not summer.  They stopped to rest at a toll bridge that spanned the deep wide stream that eventually ran to the moat. The voluble bridge steward quite gladly allowed his questions to be deflected so long as they were paying customers. He sold them fresh bread and cheese before they crossed. Edon attached Emily and Ian to a small caravan of passing farm wagons for cover. The last half of a league wove through an area of modest outlying homes and meager shops. 
ADo not stop, do not speak unless spoken to,@ he advised.
AIan.@
AYes.@
ADon=t steal anything.@
AAww. Break my heart.@  In truth he was too tired to steal much of anything, as if there were anything in this dismal looking place that would be worth the effort. This was certainly not Titania. 
Edon only waited until a quarter hour had passed before following, resigned that he would worry about the fate of the first pair. The two reached the gate just a half-quarter before dark. This rear gate was weak, almost an afterthought, constructed of oak beams bolted together with iron cross bars as if the builders did not expect it be found or used. The opening was just wide enough to allow a single cart to pass through at a time. No moat extended around this side, and the inner gate was also wood. Edon checked the merlons overhead, which also seemed mounted in hindsight and too small, the few archers that might shelter up there would not be able to defend against any type of concerted attack on such a poorly constructed entry point. 
Two guards with tall pikes manned the outer gate, and between the two gates were visible another eight or ten infantry variously armed with swords, pikes and crossbows. Most were lounging about, paying little attention to the traffic which consisted primarily of incoming farm wagons. Occasionally one or another wagon was stopped and perfunctorily checked, but other than pilfering a few apples or a sack of potatoes the soldiers were completely disinterested.
Edon was not about to pass so easily, however.
AHalt.@ a pike dropped across his path.
AWho be you?@ 
Edon noticed a temporary suspension of the petty larceny, and they had the attention of all the guards. It’s only to be expected he thought.
AEdon,@ he answered.
AA mercer hey?@
A sergeant showed up behind the questioner.
AYes.@ that much was quite obvious, wasn=t like he was trying to hide it.
AYou looking for trouble mercer?@ 
Quite brave, Edon almost chuckled, with ten men behind him. But stupid.
ANo. Not looking. Don=t have too. Trouble always seems to be looking for me.@
The guard laughed, A Know how you feel there.@
The sergeant took over. AWhat do you want?@
AWork.@
AThe war=s out there, A he pointed. AArmy is leaving now.@
ANot that type of work. Just want to ride the ranches maybe. Heard that the owner of the Thorny Rose might know of work.@
ANeed a horse for that,@ the sergeant observed.
AYeah. Could be a problem,@ he agreed. AHope to find one in town.@
AThat General, Tryan… Tanrrand.. or whatever? done stripped the province of any horse worth a silver, all that’s left is good for nothing but hauling carts, or maybe a soup.@
AWhat ya got there?@ the sergeant leered at Jiana.
AA woman.@
AShe be a working woman?@ he fondled his groin and for a moment Jiana thought he was going to reveal his privates.
AOf course, everyone has to work.@
AWell she’s a right pleasing one to look at.@
Jay flushed with anger more than embarrassment. It had not occurred to her previously that her father, just by his presence, had protected her from a vulgarity that appeared to be commonplace, twice now she had been designated as a prostitute. 
One of the guards walked behind her and seized the bun in her hair to release the long auburn curls.  Raising the freed hair to his nose he sniffed, AWood smoke.@ His hand reached for her breast, but she slapped it away. She whirled toward him and would have punched his already crooked nose but Edon somehow was between them and caught her fist in his hand.
ALet me go you bastard,@ she screamed and threw a clumsy left-hand punch at Edon that he easily dodged.  
He used his grip to firmly but gently pull her toward him until they were face to face. Jay had never been this close to him. While he could be hurting her with his grip, somehow, he managed to be gentle. His scent this close, although also masked by the pungency of wood smoke, which itself was not altogether unpleasant, reminded her of the outdoors, of sweat and fir trees. His generous lips were pursed in disapproval and looked entirely disposed to be kissed. But those same lips had just named her his whore – again! She writhed in his grip and cursed him and all his relatives, starting with his whore mother.
He laughed out loud and she saw that his eyes were amused, but not patient. She focused her anger on the impatient part and was ready to swing again, when he simply said, AStop,@ and freed her hand. She gathered herself and turned away in fury, only to come face to face again with the lewd sergeant.
AScrappy too,@ he observed. AI like that. A good whack or two is the best way to warm a whore up.@
AHow much?@ he waved across the road in a manner that indicated he meant for all of them.
AA silver.@
The pig spawn was negotiating selling her to an entire squad of men.
ALechi, Samuel, get over here. Need some coin.@
AThat=s each.... A silver per man.@
AWhat? Are you crazy?@
AAin=t worth no silver for one time.@
ANo woman worth that,@ another agreed.
AThis one is.@ Edon=s hands lingered near his belt, close to the hilt of his sword. As enraged as she was, she perceived an icy calm emanating from him.
AWe could just take her.@ Four of them now formed a loose box around them. 
APerhaps,@ he said. That one single word delivered with a complete lack of any inflection sent a chill down her back. 
ABut there is no need for this to get ugly. We are just a couple of vagrants looking for work and a roof.
AWhat said your name to be again?@
AEdon.@
AEdon? Have I heard that name?@
One of the men who had gravitated to the conversation spoke, A Edon the Invisible?@
AYou that Edon?@ the sergeant frowned.
AI have been called that, yes.@
AEdon the Whisperer?@ another asked.
ASome have named me that too.@
AI heard that when Greton rebelled you cut through two platoons of palace guards by yourself and captured him.@
AI heard that too,@ Edon agreed without commitment.
AThey said you drove an entire longboat of Vikens back to their ship one night.@
AThey say that,@ he agreed.
ASay most of them what lived weren=t never to fight again?@
By now all traffic had backed up in both directions. and all the guards were close enough to eavesdrop. 
So much for being anonymous. He didn=t think that there was any chance the word had spread into the castle guard to watch for him in particular. In fact, he wasn=t even certain that Uman knew him by name. Still, this raised his level of angst. They needed to get inside quickly and get out just as quickly. At least the sergeant had not sent any of his men back for orders. 
ASo what, Edon the Invisible, does a famous man like yourself want here. Like I said, the war is out there,@ he waved. AGreenstone,@ he added and caused a shiver of fear in Jiana.
ALike I said,” he repeated without rancor, “I’m retiring to ride the range. Make enough money to live in peace.@
AWell you ain=t gonna make much money selling that one for a silver. Ain=t no one got that kinda coin in this town. >Cept maybe up in the keep,@ he nodded his head toward the inner castle. ABut most everyone up there is riding out.@
ACould be a problem,@Edon admitted, AI=ll have to take my chances.@
AHere,@ he tossed a spare purse to the startled sergeant. His actual purse was hidden under his tunic. The five silvers he threw them was a bribe likely as much as a month=s pay for the whole group. 
The guard shook the purse before drawing the string open.@Whoo,@ he pulled out one of the thick silver coins. AMust-a-been selling her somewheres.@
AGit,@ he ordered, moving aside to let them pass.
 Jay waited, fuming as they walked quickly pass the guards and through the outer bailey. They passed through the gate at the curtain wall unchallenged, no guards were in sight. She whirled around him and slapped him as hard as she could.
AYou bastard.@
AIs that it?@ he asked without acrimony. 
Had he just allowed her to slap him? She realized he had made no effort to stay her hand.
AYou were going to sell me to a whole squad of soldiers.@ Disgusting beyond anything she could begin to imagine. AHoly leaping Isman,@ she exclaimed. AI could have been raped.@
ACalm down,@ they didn=t have that kind of money. AFor Isman=s sake, they were so shocked they didn=t even try to bargain.@
She was so stoked with anger that he had dared gamble with her honor, that momentarily she couldn’t speak.
AWalk,@ he ordered, A They know me, and word is going to spread. We need to get out of here fast.@ he increased his pace until she was nearly running to keep up. He was right. They had to get to Greenstone. But it was hundreds of leagues away. And a massive army between her and home. 
Chapter 34
Graystone

The Thorny Rose had been built on the side of a street where all the buildings stood back against the imposing granite wall of the most inner bailey. The buildings lined the roadway much like rows of soldiers, identical red brick houses, erect and tall, and following the nature of bricks, square. Narrow passageways ran to the rear between them, and doors allowed entry into the rear - perhaps for supplies or servants - but the castle inner bailey wall prevented any flight in that direction. The only distinguishing features were the occasional business sign for scribes and barristers or such. The Thorny Rose occupied the end unit closest to the keep=s entry. All the houses had windows of clear glass, but dust from traffic allowed only a yellow haze to pass through the inn=s windows. Someone had once painted a rose on the exterior of the sturdy oak door, and left it to weather
Several of the tables inside were occupied, the patrons mainly appearing to be workers from the nearby shops and services. At a far right table near the stairs sat a family. Four children all under six years or so, all dressed in tattered and patched clothing, squirmed on the benches, obviously held in place only by the threat of parental discipline. Likely displaced from their home by the armies. The wife, or at least mother, sat facing the door and barely bothered to glance up as they entered. Even in shadow her face appeared gaunt and worried. When the children all turned to see who had entered, she commanded, AEat,@ and went back to her bowl with a scant glance at the newcomers. The man never even bothered to look up from his meal. His back was thin, and shoulders sloped over the table in defeat.	
The other clientele noted the entry of a mercer with as much curiosity as they might pay to a stray dog, looking up briefly and then returning to their drink or meal or discussion. Jiana stimulated a bit more attention, as least from the men, as her riding pants and a tunic were atypical garb for a woman. But that was not drawing their attention, Edon, following their gaze suddenly realized just how striking her face and figure were.  Even as disheveled as she was.
Three military types occupied a table back in the left corner. Their gaze roamed over him, checked out his weapons, and then lingered on Jiana. In a second, they went back to their ale and meal. The gray tunics left no doubt they were guards from the keep.
Edon found Ian and Emily perched on stools with their backs to the door. They had plates and mugs on the bar and only when the bell hanging on the door announced his and Jiana=s entrance did the two turn to face them. Ian with the mug in his hand and grinning like only a fool twelve-year-old boy can. 
The two women greeted each other with hugs and exclamations as though they had parted for years. Emily wiped tears from her eyes. Edon guessed that she was crying with relief that they had all made it into the town, which since they had all obviously made it, seemed a tad foolish. She had found the time to clean her face and comb her hair. Long blond curls framed a thin but very fine face with dark glistening eyes. Perhaps not as strikingly elegant as Jiana, but very pretty in her own right. Upon reflection he was lucky that she and Ian had gotten past the guards.
AFirst,@ he snapped, but kept his voice low, Agive me that.@ He removed the mug from Ian=s grasp and sniffed the contents. Sassafras.
AOh, here,@ he handed it back to Ian.
AWhat did you expect? Ale?@ Ian smirked. 
ANever mind. Second, and more important, never sit at the bar,@ he instructed. AYou need to see every opening into the room from wherever you sit.@
  ACome,@ he ordered and led them to a table at the far corner of the room opposite the guards.
The bartender followed them to the table and wiped the surface with a towel he carried on one arm specifically for that purpose. The man resembled one of the riders who raced the courses on the plains of Urania more than a barman. Bandy legged and sprightly, shorter than the both the women and thinner than a sheet of parchment, he would have made a perfect jockey.  An aproned helper appeared with plates of chicken soup, bread and mugs of water. AWhat are you looking for?@ he spoke as he wiped the table, keeping his back to the other patrons, not whispering which would draw attention, but speaking just below a level that could be heard no farther than in front of him.
Edon didn=t look up but muttered, AMounts.  I was told by Darrel that you could find me work riding the boundaries.@  
AI could, especially since almost all the men are gone into Leos= army, but horses are another matter now.@
ANot what you are wanting anyhow,@ he stated.
Edon said nothing for a moment and continued eating, ANo?@ Let him disclose what he meant.
AI know who she is,@ he nodded at Jiana, ALady Jiana of Greenstone.@
Edon surreptitiously slid a throwing knife onto the table. The knife was a twenty-odd centimeter piece of forged and folded steel with a narrow hilt wrapped only in thin cord.  Sharp at both ends. To his credit, the diminutive barman didn’t even blink. “That’s not needed. I know...knew… her father. He lent me the money to open this place.@
ATwo rooms?” He questioned loudly.
ATwo rooms just like that?  Are you crazy? I=ll need two silvers apiece for them. Four silvers or no deal.@
Edon understanding the ruse, AAm I crazy - are you out of your mind? One silver for two rooms.@
AThree.@
ATwo.@
ADone. But you better not trash them. And out by quarter noon.@
In a guarded voice, AWe will talk later, when it’s safe.@


Chapter 35
The Thorny Rose

Although technically they had paid for two rooms, Edon herded all four into the one room farthest to the stairs. Keeping the group together would prevent him from losing sleep over the safety of those he could not see. His investigation revealed one small window cut into the brick and plaster, but it looked out onto the narrow walkway between the buildings. Possible to open it and escape maybe, but the ten-meter drop was not very conducive for keeping one’s limbs intact.
He spread his blanket on the floor and lay with his feet toward the door, head on a water skin. He left the bed, if such a noble appellation could be applied to the frame and thin cotton mattress, for the three others to divvy up. A small fireplace on one interior wall in each room was provided with enough split logs to burn for at least half the night, but he put all the wood into the unused room. Once the fire was burning hot enough, he let Ian bank it for the night. Should someone look for them he hoped that the scent of smoke from that room would draw them away. The only other room occupied on their floor sheltered the family he had noticed in the bar.
Jiana set her blanket up uncomfortably close to Edon, conceding the bed to Ian and Emily. Ian was nonplused at the prospect of sleeping in the same bed as a woman, but Emily quickly wiped the smirk off his face. AYou sleep on the outside,@  she ordered, crawling against the wall with her bedroll. AIf you so much as touch me I will kick you on the floor.@
AOK,@ he shrugged.
AThen I will fall on you and beat you until you scream like a cut pig. Got it?@
He conceded that he understood and crawled meekly onto his side of the bed.
They were able to sleep until well after the moon was beginning to fall behind the mountains. Edon woke to a faint rapping on the door followed by, AOpen up, it’s Quasim.@ The mercer remained on the floor for a period, until Quasim had rapped and repeated himself several times.  With Jiana only a few inches from him, her back turned and her hair nearly in his face, he caught a delicate aroma of lilac, causing a faint stir in a way that he did not expect from himself. He stood uncomfortably and adjusted certain parts before proceeding. AComing,@ a whisper which unintentionally awoke Jiana who had managed to sleep right through Quasim=s disturbance.
AWhat,@ she sat up abruptly and swung the dagger in her hands wildly.
ACut it out... Lucifer=s balls! I think you just cut my trousers.@  
ASorry, you scared me.@
AWhat’s happening?@ Ian went to rise from the bed, and too close to the edge, fell with a thump onto the floor.
Edon could have dropped his head into both his hands in despair. Isman=s mother and father, had they all been drinking ale except him?
AQuiet.@
The rap came again, AHurry up.@
Edon pulled the door open a sliver to admit the tiny man while shielding behind it.
Quasim scurried into the room behind small brass oil lamp. The lambent light was just enough to reveal the panic in Quasim=s face, and he reeked of fear, an odor that always put Edon on edge. The Lorie whispered out of its sheath. He pushed the door shut and locked it behind the innkeeper.
AYou were recognized My Lady. The guards in the tavern earlier,@ he blurted.
AHow do you know this?@ Edon didn’t find the possibility of being recognized too suspicious, but how would Quasim get such knowledge in the middle of the night?
AI have friends mercenary.@ he chided and gingerly pushed the point of the sword away from his person. AA free meal here and a free mug or two are worth a life sometimes.@ He seemed to have caught a second wind of some type and was able to think again.
AAnyway, the Lady is also not without friends, even in the guards.@
ATime?@ As in, how much time did they have?
AMaybe a quarter until they get here.@
Well at least they had nothing but water skins and a few blankets to pack., he mused. But they would never outrun mounted guards with only a few minutes head-start in the guards= own town. Even if should they not be scooped up immediately, there were only two exits from the castle. Despite Jiana’s potential allies, the four could never talk their way back out. He had led them into a trap.
As if to confirm Edon=s foreboding, Quasim said, AYou can’t leave by the door, they’re too close. Plus, you’ll never get through the gates even if they don=t catch you,@ he confirmed Edon’s misgivings. 
Edon realized that the man had a plan of some sort, but they didn=t have time to stand in the dark and chat about it. He already knew the obstacles. 
AThere is roof hatch hidden in the water closet of this room.@
Very well hidden Edon reckoned, he himself had not noticed it when they came in.
They followed Quasim into the water closet, AOver there, above the tub,@ he pointed. 
Edon examined the ceiling and saw nothing. 
AThe panel is plastered back into the ceiling very closely,@ he explained. AStand on the rim of the tub, push that corner.
Quasim was too short to reach the ceiling even standing on the cast iron bathtub. Ian had already nimbly balanced on the tub=s rim and tried to reach, failing that he leapt straight up and nudged the panel just enough to rattle partly it open.
Edon simply placed the point of his sword on the panel and gently pushed it up. Quasim lifted the lantern so they could see into the narrow opening. A meter-long, cramped tunnel in the ceiling led to the roof. Two iron rungs on the one side obviously were meant to assist in escape. You damn near need to be an acrobat he thought. 
Quasim interrupted his deliberations, AThe roof panel is hinged also. Just push it up and when done, drop it down.@ 
ACross over five buildings, there will be three chimneys on that roof. There is a panel next to the middle one. Knock like this,@ he demonstrated the code, Aand say Little Feet sent you. Someone will be waiting.@
AThat’s my nickname,@ he added.
ACan you get up there?@ Edon=s plan was to toss Ian up to the rungs and once he was on the roof have him aid the women, but Ian leaped before Edon had completed the question. The little thief was on the roof in seconds. Obviously had practice in this type of escape Edon surmised.
Balanced on the rim of a clawfoot tub he motioned to Emily. 
AHold my shoulders and put your foot in my hand.@ He easily hoisted her into the tunnel and with Ian above and him lifting Emily easily scurried onto the roof.
Heavy thumps of sword hilts banging on the door below revealed the arrival of their pursuers.
AI have to go. Hurry.@ As though they needed that admonishment.
Quasim scurried out of the room, removing their only light with him. As a result, Jay=s foot somehow did not get set properly into Edon=s hand. Instead of being launched into the shaft, she missed and slid back down the front of the mercenary. 
ADamn,@ he cursed but caught her by the waist before she fell to the floor. She found herself feet dangling, body against his, face to face in the dark.
The mercer stood rock solid and balanced, an immutable mass against her mere wispiness.  His hands at her waist held her weight as though she were a feather, the grip strong, but pleasant. The room was so dark that she could not even make out his face close to hers, but she sensed his lips so near that their breath mingled as he spoke, ASorry My Lady.@ Although the fault was mostly hers. Their lips grazed, and a tingle started in her face and spread down her body, electric and warm, and she fought a ridiculous urge to weld her lips to his. Her breasts pressed against the muscles of his chest and the thought that he could feel her through the thin fabric of her shirt began to arouse her nipples. The tingle continued through her back and down and began to warm her in places that shouldn’t be warm at this time and place. Or ever. She tried to catch her breath and gather her thoughts against the insubordination of her desires.
He lifted her by the waist up into the shaft, his face grazing her breasts and then for a split second almost resting against the very warm center of her desire, and her weak-willed flesh again flashed briefly with inappropriate need. But she grabbed the rungs and Ian began pulling her onto the roof.
Once standing in the cool night air she breathed deeply. She was once again The Lady Le Baud, second cousin to the queen. A mercenary would never be an acceptable consort.  
Edon leapt straight up into the shaft which was just wide enough to permit the passage of his shoulders. Hand over hand he pulled himself up and out.  In the street below at least a dozen horses and guards stirred a general uproar, awaking the entire block. Edon hoped Quasim had a convincing enough lie to protect himself. In the meantime, he had to deal with getting the ladies across the gaps between the buildings. The green of Lunas, iridescence in the cool mist, provided the faintest of light. The pale light shadowed the deep divide between the buildings, expanding it into a sinister chasm falling away into nothing. In truth the gap was well less than two meters and almost anyone should be able to leap it. Missing would sure hurt though. He spared a glance at the wall to the keep and quickly dismissed any idea of trying that route. 
Without a word Ian took two steps and leapt into the night. Sometimes, Edon reflected, he could come to like the little thief. He certainly exhibited some of the prerequisite skills, and precisely when they were needed.
AFear is in the mind ladies, this is not hard.@
AWho is afraid?@ Jiana took two rapid steps similar to Ian and cleared the gap handily. Ian grabbed her arms and steadied her landing. Emily gave him a look that even in the pale moonlight said she would much rather be somewhere, anywhere else, and followed Jay. Her landing was a bit rougher and she ended up flat on the other roof, but most importantly she had made it. They crossed the remainder of the gaps without incident. 
On the fifth roof a hooded figure stood at the eaves overlooking the street below, back to them. So much for knocking he thought.
Lady Jiana.
Imas? Imas, what are you doing here? 
That’s a story for another time.
She wanted to run and grasp the ancient mage in a giant hug.
Don=t, we=ll likely both fall off the roof. 
You are finding yourself I see.
What, you knew? How did he know more about her than she did herself?
ACome,@ he turned and motioned to them, AMight as well watch, we cannot leave yet.@
AThey=ll see us,@ Ian protested.
ANeither see us nor hear us,@ Imas assured. The air rippled like heat waves for just a second.
Jiana and Ian both felt a slight tingle on their skin almost as though the hairs were rising in a shiver. Neither Emily nor Edon felt the spell-being cast as had the other two, but a slight hum from Destiny apprised Edon that magic was afoot.
The agitation in the street rose to a frenetic level. The commander of the guards, who were not only heavily armed, but wearing chain mail as though they expected a battle, had the volume and range of a bugling elk. As they watched, two of the guards tore away back to the keep, presumably to get reinforcements. 
The family from the tavern huddled against the front wall with the mother=s arms around the two smaller children, and the father for what it was worth standing protectively in front of all them. Only one man had been consigned to guarding them and with drawn sword he alternately eyed them and watched the activity in the center of the street.
Poor Quasim was taking the brunt of the attention, held between two guards to prevent him from escape or falling to the ground.  The leader gratuitously punched his mailed fist into the tiny man=s mid-section without even bothering with further interrogation.  Then he asked his question.
AWhere did they go?@
Jiana could almost hear Quasim struggling to breath. A few more punches like that and things would be too broken inside for him to survive.
AThey left. I told you, about two hours ago.@
The fist struck again and Quasim sagged between his captors. The interrogator lifted Quasim=s head by the hair.
AShite. He’s passed out.@ using his other hand he attempted to revive the prisoner by slapping his face. When that failed, he spun around looking at all the houses on the street. 
ALet him go, he’s useless.@
They dropped the limp innkeeper on the street.
AWe will search every house. They are not far. I can feel it.@
Imas turned away from the street and found a spot against a chimney to sit.
AMight as well get comfortable,@ he said, AOur route is not prepared yet@
 










Chapter 36  
Graystone

As Imas settled his aged frame against the chimney Jiana thought she heard the tiniest moan of complaint from his lips. Mages were ostensibly human, but their lifespan might be twice or more the normal human. As a child Jay perceived Imas as old; she was apprised at one point that he had served her grandfather=s father. Jay wasn=t sure that was totally a fact, however, as she matured, she resolved him as venerable. Now as she examined his hoary and thinning white beard and the deep tired eyes, she realized he had well passed venerable. Now the mage seemed just very old, and weary. With his hood back, his hands made slow circles on his temples. When his eyes were closed, she cocked her head, curious.
He answered her question without her asking, Yes, we can do that. But not all, a few only. A mage or witch may also find what we know as an intimate. 
Imas moaned quietly. Such pairs can communicate one another over vast distances. Sometimes they are the same sex, sometimes not. Some pairs get married, some choose not.
My friend is wounded, he groaned and panted aloud, AI am trying to send her some of my energy, but there is interference.@
AIs she okay?@
AShe will live it seems, if they escape.@
Gradually Lunas faded and the fine mist grew to droplets and began to fall on them.
AI’m sorry,@ he spoke aloud, AI cannot hold our concealment, I must pass it to you.@
AOh,@ Jay said as he grasped her arm so hard it hurt. The skin under his fingers burned and a shock jumped her heart. Instantly she viewed herself from eyes not hers, outside herself, sitting next to the mage, Emily and the others watching intently. Everything became painfully intense and clear, insights at once both abrupt and disconcerting; the soldiers below, the frightened family, the unconscious Quasim, the horses, the gawkers. All of this, out of, but part of herself, as she had never before experienced. A synthesis of thoughts and desires and fears, as if they were altering the very ether around her. She felt the energy in her very core and pulled that energy into the shield that Imas needed to relinquish. 
Like a dreamer aroused too soon, she could not say what it meant, but Jiana awakened to herself.
ANeptunia has fallen.@ Imas raised his hand out flat to feel the drizzle. AAt least it is not raining hard,@ as if taking solace from the fact.
AHow?@ Jiana feeling the entire world become quicksand. 
AFrom the inside. Hemon led it.@
She did not know Hemon and her face showed it.
AHemon has long chaffed against the limits of power set by Queen Daniela and the Council.@
All of which told her little, but she saw he was not done, only pausing as he seemed to be receiving more information.
ALong ago, before the War of Fire, Hemon was apprenticed to Chritic the Corrupt. Chritic created the green fire that escaped him and his helpers and ended the War of Fire. Chritic was killed in the fire along with thousands of, well you know that part. Somehow Hemon escaped the fire.@
She calculated roughly, Hemon had to be over two centuries old. Was that possible? 
Imas groaned and Edon reached over to offer a water skin which the mage accepted gratefully. AIn the long run, I don=t think Idwal will be able to control Hemon. He killed many mages tonight, unrestrained he will be fearsome.@
AThey opened the town and the castle to an army of mercers,@ he rested his eyes on Edon for a second in blame. A I’m sorry, not you.@
AI am sorry also,@Edon replied, now understanding what Malvic had been up to.
AMy other,@ he did not deign to reveal her name, Abelieves Idwal will split his army if Greenstone holds more than a week and move the bulk of his forces south on Titania. Captain Jarrod is now cut off and between Greenstone and Heartstone.@
Ian wiped the mist from his forehead, A And the good news is?@
AGreenstone will stand lad. And we will have most of its cavalry at our disposal.@
In the scheme of things, a pathetically small force Edon thought.
Nor did Hemon manage to destroy all the mages. 
Jiana sat quietly, her newly found powers largely unexplored, overwhelming and somewhat frightening. While listening to the ancient mage she still managed to hold the concealment spell and watch everything that occurred in the street below. Her mind rebelled at all the new information, almost like the confusion from awaking from a coma. She was awaked she thought, and she was enraged.
He did not read her mind, but he could see her expression, Do not rage Lady Jiana, control is critical.
AWhat do we do now?@ Emily asked, quite obviously they were trapped.
AIn the morning when the searchers have exhausted themselves, we will escape. For now, nothing but sleep,@ and the ancient mage demonstrated by closing his eyes as though turning off a lamp.
Look in your core, the spell can hold even when you sleep. 
Are you not cold?
No. 
Jiana saw that the mist was no longer fell on the old one, but his power did not extend to the rest of the group.
The four arranged the blankets they had managed to carry with them over the rooftop and huddled together under them, Emily and Jiana in the center.
She lay awake for some time, alternately worrying and then checking on the spell she was maintaining. For all intents and purposes, the very roof they rested on did not exist in the world below. Maintaining the spell allowed her to think and explore the intriguing universe to which she had just been admitted. The thrill could not be denied, despite her anxiety. 
The mercenary lay back to her, his easy breathing indicating that he really could sleep. She was not sure whether to be envious or angry, the man apparently could sleep under any circumstance. Emily rolled, pulling covers and spooning with Ian. Leaving Jay the odd person out. She sidled closer to Edon until her shoulder touched his back. Still cold. Oh Hades, she rolled against his back instantly gratified by the small amount of warmth.
AGoodnight,@ he whispered.
She shivered ... But it might have been lust or cold. Shite, she thought, but didn=t move away, and slowly drifted into uneasy sleep. Sometime in the night she roused enough to note that he had rolled over and pressed against her. His arm lay warmly across her body. She felt no desire to move away. The entire world was awry, but somehow, she was not as afraid as she should be. Was she losing her wits? 	
In the streets below reinforcements arrived. Leos had taken his mage, Inaxx, with him on the march to Greenstone, and the second mage was scarcely trained, but he immediately sensed the magic in the air. 
AUp there, A he pointed.   


The End

Thank you for reading my first published novel. I hope you enjoyed it. Visit me at www.ebenmacmanus.com to make a comment, read a preview of Jiana Inflamed, or read some out-takes. Book Two, Jiana Inflamed is available now. Book Three, Jiana Attained is available for pre-order and will be published by February 2020.

Also visit our Facebook page: leonadler1950@facebook.com

Available now
Jiana Inflamed

Book Two, The Legends of Greenstone

The Calendar Year

As best as has been able to determine from surviving documents the Terran year was divided into ten months, each consisting of two 16day fortnights for a total of 360 days per year. While the planet revolved around one yellow sun, much like Earth, two moons orbited Terra, Lunar, the White Moon, and Lunas, the Green Moon. Lunas was twice as large as Lunar, but much less bright. The year was divided as follows:
Autumn
The Month of Two Moons - New Year=s
Month of Waning Moons 
First Month of No Moons
Winter
Month of Waxing Lunar
Month of Waning Lunar
Spring
Month of Waxing Lunas
Month of Waning Lunas
Summer
Second Month of no Moons
Month of Two Moons Waxing


Character list


Mercenaries

Edon: 
Also known as Edon the Slayer or by some Edon the Invisible:
Horse is, Shade

Ian:
Pickpocket, 12 years old, teams with Edon
Pony is named horse, but becomes AAllegro@

Goffrey:
The trainer for the Black Angels, friend of Edon
Hadwin:
Formerly of the Black Angels; currently runs the Queen=s Knight Tavern; friend of Edon


Malvic:
 Master of the King=s Dragoons, the largest mercenary force on Terra. Not a friend of Edon.

Robbert: 
Bodyguard for Malvic

Tobias:
Master of the Black Angels

Saturia

Prince (and Duke) Herik Le Baud:
Lord of Greenstone. Jiana=s father; deceased 

Jiana:
Daughter of Herik and now first female Lord of Greenstone.
Horse is named Bellicose

Emily: 
Jay=s lady in waiting.			

Cahsen:									
long time man servant of Lord Gabbard

Captain Jarrod:
Greenstone military commander

Irena Drakis
Librarian and teacher at Greenstone 

Imas:
Mage to Lord Greenstone 

Keison:
Herik=s older brother, Lord of Heartstone
Keirit:
Oldest son of Keison

Leos:
The youngest brother of Herik,
Lord of Graystone


Lieutenant Jude:
Becomes boyfriend of Emily - Greenstone Calvary officer

Quasim:
Innkeeper at the Thorny Rose


Miscellaneous

Sheryl:
A Alady@ from the Queens Knight

Byan the Bearslayer:
Innkeeper at the Bear Inn

Lyda: Byan=s wife.
Petra: older twin
Peter: younger twin

Nimue: 
Intimate of Imas.


Terra Minor

Idwal ab Rex ab Owian:
Emperor of Terra Minor

Tryan:
First General of the army of Terra Minor

General Dalian:
an under general

Chritic the Corrupt:
Loosed the Green fire that ended the War of Fire 200 years ago - deceased

Urania

Queen Daniela:
Ruler of Urania

Hemon:
Mage who leads overthrow of Neptunia
disciple of Chritic  


Lunas - The green moon. Larger but not as bright.
Lunar - the white moon.

Measurements:
Hand: 4 inches
League: 4,000 meters, about 2.5 miles
Stone: 14 pounds 
 
Peoples

Wizard: A person, male or female but most often male, who has some magical ability, usually minor and usually associated with the elements such as fire, metal, or earth.
Mage: A person, male or female, who has magical ability greater than a wizard and has been trained in that ability. Generally, they are spell casters and use learned spells.
Witch: A person, male or female but usually female, who has innate magical abilities. Generally, they are more powerful than mages. They draw on their connection to the universe to create Amagic.@
Medico/healer: A person who has some limited magical ability and a learned knowledge of medicines and healing.

Saxos: a race of humans who live in the colder climates. They tend to live in underground towns, but not exclusively.

Vikens: A race of humans that live on the continent Euron. They tend to be large and warlike.

Viridis: A race that lives in the deep forests of Euron. They are expert weapons makers and can create weapons that have magical abilities.

Whitehairs: Humans that may have descended from the Vikens. They inhabit the mountains of Ioneas and do not mix with the low-dwelling peoples except to raid farms.

















