Jinn man


Editor: Sanaz Alamdar
Cover image: Sanaz Alamdar









<Sanaz Alamdar> <Jomhori street> <Yazd> <Iran> <035>
Copyright© <Year of Publication> by <Sanaz>





To my family for support me.

Thank you. Without your support and patience, I would have never achieved my dream.



CONTENTS
   
      Personality info                                            I,XIX
1    Julie and Ned's Life                                             1                                         
2    Selena's life                                                  2-38
3    Love & Hate                                               39-56
4    John's life                                                    57-122
                
     Jinn
In different religions, the Jinn is thought to be different, but there are several things in common. All of them can appear in different shapes in the form of human, beings and plants. They can quickly move light from one place to another, as well as the power to read your mind, and other powers that we do not know. The only way they recognize them when they are human is the shape of the ankles and fingers of their legs They fear and escape hearing the name of God. This is the most important thing that human beings consider in different religions.[1]
Nasnas
A nasnas (Arabic: نسناس‎‎ nasnās) is a monstrous creature in Arab folklore. According to Edward Lane, the 19th century translator of The Thousand and One Nights, a nasnas is "half a human being; having half a head, half a body, one arm, one leg, with which it hops with much agility".
And also in Somali folklore there is a creature called "xunguruuf" "Hungruf" which resembles the "nasnās" as it has the same characteristics and features. It's believed it can kill a person by just touching them and the person would be fleshless in mere seconds.
It was believed to be the offspring of a demon called a Shiqq and a human being. A character in "The Story of the Sage and the Scholar", a tale from the collection, are turned into a nasnas after a magician applies kohl to one of his eyes. The nanas are mentioned in Gustave Flaubert's The Temptation of Saint Anthony.[2]
Elfs
Elfs are human-like beings that have sharp pointed ears and are named as angels. They live somewhere in the name of Babylon's hanging gardens. 
Babylon hanging gardens or Semiramis suspended gardens and the walls of Babylon (present Iraq) are one of the seven wonders. [3]
    Mermaid
In folklore, a mermaid is an aquatic creature with the head and upper body of a female human and the tail of a fish. Mermaids appear in the folklore of many cultures worldwide, including the Near East, Europe, Asia, and Africa. Mermaids are sometimes associated with perilous events such as floods, storms, shipwrecks, and drownings.The male equivalent of the mermaid is the merman, also a familiar figure in folklore and heraldry. Although traditions about and sightings of mermen are less common than those of mermaids, they are generally assumed to co-exist with their female counterparts. They live somewhere in the middle of the Atlantic called the Bermuda Triangle. 
The Bermuda Triangle, also known as the Devil's Triangle, is an area in the western Atlantic area of the North Atlantic that is said to have disappeared or destroyed more than 50 ships and 21 planes mysteriously in this area. This range does not have the shape of a triangle accurately and has only a triangle-like appearance. There are many reports that this area is very dangerous. [4]
Reptile
Reptilian humanoids or simply, reptilians (also
called reptoids, lizard people, reptiloids, saurian, draconians) are purported humanoids with the characteristics of reptiles that play a prominent role in fantasy, science fiction, ufology, and conspiracy theories. The idea of reptilians was popularised by David Icke, a conspiracy theorist who claims shape-shifting reptilian aliens control Earth by taking on human form and gaining political power to manipulate human societies. Icke has stated on multiple occasions that many world leaders are, or are possessed by, so-called reptilians. They live in the Black Mountains in Appalachian Mountains.
Appalachian Mountains is a mountain range known as the climbing mountain in the east of the United States between the Springer Mountains in Georgia and the Katadine Mountain in Maine, with a length of approximately 3500 kilometers.
National Forest National Park, Smoky Mountain National Park, and Shenandoah National Park are in the mountains. Appalachia is composed of many different mountains. The mountains, the white mountains, the green squares, the black mountains are all part of the Appalachian mountain range. [6]
centaur 
Centaurus or centaur (Greek: Κένταυρος), the Centaurus is a half human and half horse, with head and two arms and upper arms of man and body, and four legs of horse, in such a way that the human part from where the horse's neck should be started instead It is located. They live on top of the Everest Summit in the Himalayan Mountains.
The Himalayan mountain range (Himalaya is also written) (Hindi: हिमालय) is the highest mountains in the world or generally in the world. This mountain range is the Indian subcontinent line from the Tibetan plateau. The name of the Himalayas is derived from the Sanskrit Himalaya (Himalayan word), which means "Snow". The world's tallest peak, Everest, is 8,848 meters high.[8]
Bigfoot
The Bigfoot or Sasquatch has a gorillard shape and lives in the remote North American forests, the Great Lakes region and the Rocky Mountains.
The height of the mass is between 2. 1 and 2.7 m. It is said that his eyes are tiny, large eyebrows and a small, pointed head. Bigfoot has a very bad smell. They are similar to humans and copies. Copies include gorillas chimpanzees, bonoburo orangutans, and humans and gibbons, differing from monkeys and similar creatures in all cultures in all countries of the world. They live somewhere in Rocky Mountains.
The Rocky Mountains is a mountain range in the North American continent. This mountain range is located in the northwest of the United States, with a stretch of over 3,000 miles (4,800 kilometers) from the northern part of British Columbia in western Canada and spreading to New Mexico in the southwest of the United States. [9]
Nessie
In Scottish folklore, the Loch Ness Monster or Nessie is a creature said to inhabit Loch Ness in the Scottish Highlands. It is often described as large in size with a long neck and one or more humps protruding from the water. They live on Loch Ness Lake in Scotland.
Loch Ness is a lake with a length of 36.2 and a width of 2.7 km, located in the northwest of Scotland. The lake has become famous for the legend of the existence of the Lehon Monster. [9]


Chupacabra
Spanish pronunciation: [tʃupakaβɾas], is a mythical animal known as South American, and was first reported to be seen in Puerto Rico. The name of the chupar means sucking and cabra means goats because they know they are creatures that attack domestic animals, especially goats, and kill their blood. Reports of the appearance of this creature came out in 1995 in Puerto Rico, and later came the years after the mine in northern South America to southern Chile. Even reports from countries outside of South America such as Russia and the Philippines, but most of these reports lack any evidence. In some reports of seeing these creatures in northern Mexico and the south of the United States, the researchers confirmed that the creatures observed were dogs that had a Mange skin disease. [10]
Devil Jersey
In New Jersey and Philadelphia folklore, the Jersey Devil (a.k.a. the Leeds Devil) is a legendary creature said to inhabit the Pine Barrens of Southern New Jersey. The creature is often described as a flying biped with hooves, but there are many variations. The common description is that of a kangaroo-like or wyvern-like creature with a goat- or horse-like head, leathery bat-like wings, horns, small arms with clawed hands, cloven hooves and a forked tail. It has been reported to move quickly and is often described as emitting a high-pitched "blood-curdling scream". [9]
Dover Demon
In Massachusetts, for the first time in a few days a weird existence was seen. These strange beings, called Devil's Devil, although they have been seen several times, are one of the most frightening and mysterious creatures in the modern world, and the one who has seen it has been painted by him. [10]
Dragon
A dragon is a large, serpent-like legendary creature that appears in the folklore of many cultures around the world. Beliefs about dragons vary drastically by region, but dragons in western cultures since the High Middle Ages have often been depicted as winged, horned, four-legged, and capable of breathing fire. Dragons in eastern cultures are usually depicted as wingless, four-legged, serpentine creatures with above-average intelligence. They live in the mountains of Tibet .[11]


Vampire
A vampire is a being from folklore that  subsists by feeding on the vital force (generally in the form of blood) of the living. In European folklore,vampires were undead beings that often visited loved ones and caused mischief or deaths in the neighborhoods they inhabited while they were alive. They wore shrouds and were often described as bloated and of ruddy or dark countenance, markedly different from today's gaunt, pale vampire which dates from the early 19th century. All of them have gone to the dark jungles of Aokigahara, Japan.
The Aokigahara (Japanese: 青木 ヶ 原), known as the suicide forest, the sea of trees and the best place to die, is a forest located in the northwest of Fuji Mountain in Japan. [12]

Werewolf
In folklore, a werewolf (Old English: werwulf,
"man-wolf") or occasionally lycanthrope/ˈlaɪkən,
θroʊp/(Greek: λυκάνθρωπος lukánthrōpos,"wolf
-person") is a human with the ability to shapeshift into a wolf (or, especially in modern film, a therianthropic hybrid wolf-like creature), either purposely or after being placed under a curse or affliction (often a bite or scratch from another werewolf) and especially on the night of a full moon. is a forest located in the northwest of Fuji Mountain in Japan.[14]
Sphinx
A sphinx (AncientGreek: Σφίγξ [spʰíŋks], Boeotian: Φίξ [pʰíːks], plural sphinxes or sphinges) is a mythical creature with the head of a human and the body of a lion. In Greek tradition, the sphinx has the head of a human, the haunches of a lion, and sometimes the wings of a bird. It is mythicised as treacherous and merciless. Those who cannot answer its riddle suffer a fate typical in such mythological stories, as they are killed and eaten by this ravenous monster. They live in the deserts of Egypt in the Pyramids.[13]
Unicorn
The unicorn is a legendary creature that has been described since ancient times as a beast with a single large, pointed, spiraling horn projecting from its forehead. The unicorn was depicted in the ancient seals of the Indus Valley Civilization The Bible also describes the animal, the reem, which some versions translate as unicorn.In European folklore, the unicorn is often depicted as a white horse-like or goat-like animal with a long horn and sometimes a goat's beard. In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, it was commonly described as a wild wildlife creature, a symbol of purity . In the encyclopedias, its horn was said to have the power to render poisoned water potable and to heal sickness. They live in Mongolia.
valkyrie
In Norse mythology, a valkyrie (/vælˈkɪəri, -ˈkaɪri, vɑːl-, ˈvælkəri/; from Old Norse valkyrja "chooser of the slain") is one of a host of female figures who choose those who may die in battle and those who may live. Selecting among half of those who die in battle (the other half go to the goddess Freyja's afterlife field Fólkvangr), the valkyries take their chosen to the afterlife hall of the slain, Valhalla, ruled over by the god Odin. There, the deceased warriors become einherjar (Old Norse "single (or once) fighters"). When the einherjar are not preparing for the events of Ragnarök, the valkyries bear them mead. Valkyries also appear as lovers of heroes and other mortals, where they are sometimes described as the daughters of royalty, sometimes accompanied by ravens and sometimes connected to swans or horses.Valkyries are attested in the Poetic Edda (a book of poems compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources), the Prose Edda, the Heimskringla (both by Snorri Sturluson) and the Njáls saga (one of the Sagas of Icelanders), all written—or compiled—in the 13th century. They appear throughout the poetry of skalds, in a 14th-century charm, and in various runic inscriptions.
Glimgush
In the Iranian myths, Glimgush has been like humans, but their ears are large in size, one that has littered one, and the other is crocheted, and they are also called "ear". In the book of the prophets, they were mentioned as those who laid their ears a quilt, and the other was laid, and they were very numerous, and their number was so high that they drove it to every land they were eating, and their sound was very annoying. It was as if they were taking the road to the land, the people fled before they reached the mountains. They live in iran.
Peri
Peri (Persian: پری‎ pari, plural پريان pariān) are exquisite, winged spirits renowned for their beauty. Originally from Persian and Armenian mythologies, Peris were later adopted by other cultures. They are described as mischievous beings that have been denied entry to paradise until they have completed penance for atonement.
Phoenix 
In Greek mythology, a phoenix (/ˈfiːnɪks/; Ancient Greek: φοῖνιξ, phoînix) is a long-lived bird that cyclically regenerates or is otherwise born again. Associated with the Sun, a phoenix obtains new life by arising from the ashes of its predecessor. According to some sources, the phoenix dies in a show of flames and combustion, although there are other sources that claim that the legendary bird dies and simply decomposes before being born again.There are different traditions concerning the lifespan of the phoenix, but by most accounts the phoenix lived for 500 years before rebirth. Herodotus, Lucan, Pliny the Elder, Pope Clement I, Lactantius, Ovid, and Isidore of Seville are among those who have contributed to the retelling and transmission of the phoenix motif.In ancient Greece and Rome, the phoenix was associated with Phoenicia, (modern Lebanon), a civilization famous for its production of purple dye from conch shells.









Chapter One



Julie and Ned's Life   







Married on a farm in Marysville, Yuba, California began with love, there was no joy without the presence of a child. Julie and Ned had tried all the way, but they did not get out. After 15 years they were no longer disappointed. Julie prayed and helped others until she was a miracle day and she became pregnant. Despite all the troubles, Julie eventually gave birth to a beautiful girl. Her name was given to Selena, she was a clever and beautiful girl with eyes in the sea color. Wheat and skin like snow. Everyone was happy with her and hoped to bring them home. When she was taught to walk, Julie always followed her. He went everywhere.






Chapter Two


Selena's life























When Selena was four, She went to the farm every day with her father.
She played with plants and animals. Her father was always worried about her and said, "Take care of yourself." But she was very curious, she walked and sat every day and talked to someone. One day, her mother and father asked her whom you are talking to? And she answered with a boy named Patsyuraz, she played with Patsyurz every day until he grew up and went to school. She had no friends at school, she only talked to Patsyuraz, and her classmates mocked her. The Selena was a privileged student at the school, but one day the teacher and the school principal were worried about her and told her parents to take the Selena to the child psychiatrist. They also took the Selena, she did not like the psychiatrist, and in order not to see him again, she was seven years old, when the psychiatrist told her about having a loved one, denied the Selena and said that she had trouble finding a friend, so she had no friends. The psychiatrist told the parents of the Selena, "It's hard to imagine your girl having trouble. You just have to take her to a counselor because she has trouble finding a friend." The event ended there, and the Selena became bigger and bigger when it went to high school, They were friends with a girl named Jessie. They were good friends and in a class Selena and her friend were very active. Sometimes Jessie saw that the Selena spoke to herself. One day she asked a Selena about who was talking and said to no one with anyone. But Jessie had skipped and became curious every day. The Selena was a beautiful and smart girl. 
In her class, a boy named Daniel was longing for the Selena, but don’t tell her Daniel was friends with a Selena through classroom activities but the Selena avoided him. 












Valentine's Day eventually arrived.


At the Valentine's Day each year for students of the Rose Flower School Association, and the students through the community guys anonymously gave their friends They scored flowers The guys of the forum went to classrooms and gave the flowers to the people. Finally, the turn to the Selena class when the guys of the association brought the flower to the Selena, she was confused. All classes looked at her because they knew the Selena Only the classmate girl is not found of any boy Jack was one of the classiest boys who tried hard to make friends with her, but she did not accept, even a few boys from the top had offered her a friend, but she did not accept It was complicated in the school that Selena Anderson was not found of any boy. Sometimes the guys mocked her because of not having sex with the boys. Even rumored that she was sexist, Jessie was very worried about the Selena, and she told her I have a boyfriend, but you are a beautiful and clever, why you are not a boyfriend and the Selena always gave her the answer. Where do you know that I do not love anyone? When Selena took the flower Jessie told her that it was from the same boyfriend that nobody saw him How do you hide me from a friend who is hiding your boyfriend's friend from us? We know all the secrets We are at home almost every night. We were always together. We even sent a sympathy card to the family. How do you hide him from me? At the same moment as Jessie had been upset to the Selena, one of the guys' jaws came up with a big rose basket full of beautiful roses for a Selena. Jessie opened the card and read it. It was written about the beautiful beauty of your life. I love you. Patsyuraz. All the girls in the class were jealous of her and told them who sent the flowers to her, Selena was very happy when Daniel saw the scene with discomfort from the class. Jessie also realized that Daniel was upset, but said to Selena Who is Patsyuraz? Selena told her the love of her childhood, Jessie said why she had never seen him should introduce him to me. Selena said Jessie could not do it. Jessie said that I am no longer your friend and went. Jessie went to the dining room to take food and wanted to sit there. Suddenly, she saw Daniel sitting alone and sitting beside him and saying, "I saw you,", "having gone out of sight with a basket of flowers. "Tell me one thing, do you like the Selena? Daniel looked at Jessie and said, yes, For months I love her, but she avoids me, I even send her a flower, but I understand she loves someone else. Three days later, Jessie was still Selena angry. The Selena was upset, even her parents told her why Jessie was not in our house or why you did not get there? Selena went to Jessie's house and told her I could not show you my boyfriend. Jessie told her to go after that. Selena told she  could not, but Jessie did not accept. Selena will go to Jessie's house tomorrow. She took her hand and said, "Come with me." Jessie said, "Where are we going?," Would you not see my boyfriend? So, go and see him in the midst of the farm corn, the father of the Selena, "where she took the Bible, and told Jessie to the Bible does not like to say anything to anyone. Jessie swore and the Selena told her to close her eyes, suddenly a voice came and Jessie opened her eyes, she saw a very beautiful and bright boy. He was surprisingly beautiful and weird. Jessie looked the boy up and down. He was like a man, but he had a footprint. He was wearing white cloths and greetings with Jessie with a pleasant sound and said that I enjoyed your visit, although I see you every day. Jessie, who was surprised, said, "How do you see me every day that I did not see you?" The Selena then said, "Jessie, He is not human, he's a Jinn. "It was incredible for Jessie How a man has a relationship with a Jinn, and She told her; We are together since childhood. One day when I was 4 years old, I played on my father's farm, suddenly saw him. We were together every day and every second and we are in love. Wherever I go, there is only me and those who want to see him. Jessie asked, Is this relationship allowed? Patsyuraz answered, No, if they realize they will punish me, they may kill me, but I'll love the Selena and will endure all the hardships for her. Then he said I had to go back and say goodbye. Jessie and the Selena returned. She told her how she loved you This love is not a happy ending. You are two different creatures of God. They escape from the name of God from us. It is not possible to close your relationship with him and look around. Did you know what the flower branch was on Valentine's Day who sent it to you Daniel, he loves you and is a good boy and your kind with him there is a future for you But Selena did not listen, Jessie was worried about her, thought and went to Daniel and told him if you wanted to Selena try for her love. Daniel went to the Selena and told her come out with me tonight, and she said "I can’t," and how many times Daniel went to invite her, but she did not accept. One day Jessie told Daniel that he would go to the cinema at seven o'clock next to the Selena house and said to Selena, I and Jeffrey (her boyfriend) would go to the cinema if you would like to come Selena accepted and they went to the cinema Daniel saw them In the cinema hall, Daniel sat down at Selena. Jessie had planned, so she had taken love days movie tickets But Jessie had forgotten that Patsyuraz Is there. In the middle of the film, the part where they kissed each other, suddenly, Daniel took the Selena's hand, and she looked at him, kissing her. Selena got upset and went to the movie theater Patsyuraz was angry at seeing this scene. Daniel wanted to follow a Selena that fell to the ground floor and broke his hand. Daniel did not come to school three days. After three days he went to school and saw the Selena saying, "Why do not you answer my calls and my messages? "Selena said, "What did you mean by kissing? We are just friends and I do not want our relationship to be more than a friend. "Daniel said I love you so much Why we can’t be together? She said, I love someone else. Daniel was very upset and went home to call Jessie and told her, you knew that she loved someone else Why you did not tell me? Jessie said I can’t say who he is, but if you really love her, she must be interested in you The person will loves hurt her and you should not allow if you love her Daniel said Jessie promised you that I would not let anything happen to the Selena But Patsyuraz was upset about this, so he decided to do anything to keep him from getting close to the Selena. Every time Daniel wanted to get close to the Selena, he would have happened to him, but again he did not stop trying. Summer and children were closed and each one was accepted for a college. Daniel went to the Selena's house every day and scored for her, but Selena told her mother to open the door and take the flower, but her mother invited Daniel to the house and the Selena was forced to see him Daniel bought a gift for the Selena. Patsyuraz could go wherever he wants to go in a second and return, he would take the Selena to any country she wanted, even take the Selena to the hole, and she took his hand and closed her eyes in a second. Wherever she wanted to go with him He did whatever wanted to be a Selena, and he did not like the fact that Daniel loved the Selena, and told the Selena every day, and the Selena told her, do not worry, my love, I'm yours forever and hug him. The Selena and her family went to church every Sunday to pray, and Patsyuraz could not have been with the Selena because the fairies left very soon after hearing the name of God. The church was beside the beautiful Marysville lake. 









Selena went to the lake after praying and looked at it One day Daniel came to the church to pray and saw a Selena standing up at the lake standing dandelion flowers, picking up a flower and waving a Selena and putting it on her beautiful hair. Daniel touched the beautiful face of the Selena and said to her the most beautiful flower that God created, the face of the Selena was reddened with embarrassment and his sentence set in her heart.
 That day, Selena thought of Daniel, and suddenly she remembered the words of Jessie, who said that the relationship between the genius and man was impossible because he could not show himself to everyone. And you can’t introduce him to everyone and he can’t introduce you to his family. Even she remembered that she had told him to take her to his own place, and he would not do it and say if they knew you and I would punish you. We are hard and maybe kill us. The summer had its place in the fall, and it was a letter to the San Francisco, University of Medical Sciences for a Selena. She was very happy about seeing it and called on Jessie to give her this news When Jessie answered, she said, "I accepted." Jessie said, "I also accepted at the San Francisco University of Medical Sciences. 










They did not know Daniel was accepted there," Daniel called to Jessie and gave her the news. And Jessie gave him the news of his own admission and the Selena. Daniel was pleased and invited both of them to the Magnesium cafe along the lake to celebrate. Patsiyuraz was happy and told the Selena, "I love you very much, and I want to celebrate tonight, but the Selena told him I want to celebrate with my friends. "The Selena did not know that he had the power of mind and read everything from inside her mind That night, the Selena celebrated with Jessie and Daniel, and they ate together whiskey. Jessie went out with her boyfriend and a Selena, who was drunk and he went to Daniel to the lake. Here's a Selena to Daniel saying: I love you and kiss her and when both They drowned in love and decided to get in touch. Patsiyuraz threw Daniel from the back to the lake and took the Selena. On the morning of the day, the Selena woke up in the house of the tree that Patsiyuraz had built. He had made a coffee for the Selena, and she had a headache and said: What was going on. What I am doing here? Where was Daniel? Patsiyuraz said, "Peace and be in your coffee, but she said: I think Daniel Fell into the water I have to go, Patsiyuraz took her hand and said where you are from you Do not like me and I know this Selena said You pushed Daniel into the water, let me roll my hand He got angry and the objects inside the tree house began to tremble. He shouted, "If you go and leave me, I'll hurt him. "The Selena began to cry out fearlessly and without saying anything to eat her coffee, and then Patsiyuraz took her home. When the Selena went home, her parents, worried about and told her where were you, she without saying anything goes to her room on the floor. Went up and closed the door, Daniel went to the Selena house to ask her and handed her the phone down beside the lake, but the Selena did not get out of her room and told her mother to tell him to go, I do not want to see him, Selena did not leave the room and home for a few days. Jessie and Daniel constantly called her, but she did not answer until the day the college was started. The Selena, along with Jessie and their family, went to San Francisco to do dormitory work. And classes. Selena and Jessie got a room in the dormitory together, Jessie asked several times why she was not answering Daniel, and what happened next night at the lake, but Selena did not answer to Jessie. Daniel was worried too and wanted to know what was happening to say Jessie, but She told him: Selena did not say anything about the subject Days passed and Daniel and Selena were in a class, but the Selena avoided Daniel There was no other, Selena no happy daughter. 




 In her beautiful face, there was much sadness, even less, her parents rang. Most of the time, Selena's parents called for Jessie to ask her because the Selena did not respond to their calls. Patsiyuraz did anything to make the Selena happy.
One day, Selena told Jessie, "I'm tired of life. I wish I did." Jessie said, "Why, why not, you're not a happy girl. "Selena did not say anything. Suddenly, Jessie told her if you did not tell me what was all about your family and Daniel, who was scared to say I loved Daniel but when Patsiyuraz understood this, I threatened to hurt Daniel and my family if I had not been with him. Jessie, who was angry, said a few times I told you that this relationship was impossible, but you did not hear Selena says when I understood that it was too, late that night he drove Daniel into the water and took me with him. Selena said Jessie I can’t do anything unless I die Jessie did not sleep until morning and worried about the Selena Calling up the next day with Daniel and meeting in the restaurant, Jessie ordered a cup of coffee to reach Daniel, when Daniel arrived, told him you still love the Selena, and he said, of course, that Jessie defined the whole thing for Daniel. Daniel, who was shocked, said with a grudge, "My poor Selena, my darling, who suffered all this suffering for not hurting me." I'll stop this happening. Tomorrow, Daniel saw the Selena in the university courtyard, but the wicked Selena passed away. Daniel took her hand and her away Selena says what you do. Daniel cried out, hugging her and said, my dear, you've endured all this pain for me. I know everything about. From now on, I do not let you get any trouble. Who's feeling safe She said never got away from me. I do not want to hurt Daniel said, darling, trust me. Everything will be fine again. The Selena is very happy and said, "It's so dangerous that you are not involved with this. "Daniel said you do not worry, we will solve the problems together and we'll be together in the end. The Selena breathed comfort as if the world had been given to her, but it did not know what was going to happen. Patsiyuraz, who was aware of all the fears of losing the Selena, wondered what could be done to keep the Selena out of the reach of his mind, which kept the Selena forever for him. The next day he went to the Selena, and told her I know that you love Daniel and I want to allow you to stay with him forever, but for the last time come with me tonight to have the last meeting with us, who He was very happy to accept She was so happy to tell Jessie that everything was fine. I got free again and I left Patsiyuraz for the last time, and then everything would end. Jessie was not happy about hearing this news and said, wake up, maybe he has another purpose. But the Selena did not accept it and said I'm going to end this nightmare Jessie says Daniel knows Selena says He does not need to know I want to surprise him. Selena went to Dorm and was ready. Jessie, who had a class and could not go to the Dorm Daniel called and told him that Daniel, who did not want to go to the Selena, called her a few times but did not answer. Yes, she went. Patsiyuraz brought her to a hut in the forest in the mountains of the Alps, romanticating the space and dinner. Was good All the atmosphere of the hut was full of flowers. The Selena was thrilled.













 They ate dinner and reviewed the childhood. 
Memories and They were laughing and they ate the wine next to the fireplace at the end of the day, Patsiyuraz said: " Selena I've loved you since childhood. Do you really want to get out of me?" Selena said, "We have no future." And our love was wrong from the beginning, but they can best friend for together Selena was confused and not at all, like she was drunk and drunk. Patsiyuraz hit his target, he choked and kissed her, woke up with a drunk, loved him and was Ingush for the first six of a Selena, she who has never had anything to do with anyone. Even Patsiyuraz, because the Jinn should not have sex with humans, their relationship was kissing these years, but now Patsiyuraz decided to take the decision to take the Selena That night was the best night of his life and for Selena, the peak brought pleasure in the morning. Selena wakes up and saw themselves. "What did we do last night?" Patsiyuraz said last night was the best moment for both of us. Selena was angry, but on the one hand, she was still guilty. On the other hand, she still liked. Jessie and Daniel, who worried about the Selena, called her a thousand times, but she was not available after Patsiyuraz make breakfast for a Selena and returned to the dormitory When Jessie saw the Selena in the room, she told her you knew how much I and Daniel were worried about, but Selena was happy. She fell in love with Patsiyuraz. How many days passed, and the Selena retreated from Daniel. Daniel saw Jessie and told her you knew why the Selena avoids me. She said no, Daniel said, "I think that the Selena has fallen in love with him." Jessie said it's not possible to ask a Selena. Night in the dormitory room, Jessie told the Selena why do you avoid Daniel Do you fall in love with Patsiyuraz the night you went with him What happened? Selena answered, I loved him from childhood, and now I love him. That night was the greatest night of my life. Jessie said no, that is, you could not have sex with him. This relationship will be troublesome for you. Please beg of separating him So what do you want with Daniel? The Selena says I made my decision. Daniel is just my friend and no more. Please do not argue with me about this The next day, Jessie did not answer Daniel's call, so Daniel waited for the Jessie to complete the class, then he saw her and said, "Why did not I answer my call?" This shows my guess is correct. The Selena is back with him. Jessie said, "I'm sorry, but it's true, she's in love with him." Daniel said, "I will not miss the Selena so simply, I'm not going to have a relationship with him. "A month ago, the Selena with Patsiyuraz went out every night. The Selena was happier than before, but did not know what was waiting for it. Daniel walked up the Selena every day to get out of the way, but it did not make any sense. Graduate exams began and Selena was busy studying. They were on vacation between the exam. One morning, the Selena rushed to go out. Jessie told her where you are going with this hurry? Selena said I was coming back. She went to the pharmacy on the street and Buy a pregnancy test on the way back said to herself, "I hope I've made a mistake. "Selena drove into the room and went to the bathroom. Five minutes later, with a trembling hand came out, Jessie said, "What happened? "She did not say that Jessie gave her a glass of water and told what had happened, she said, "I am pregnant, Jessie said no, it's not possible for you to have a Jinn pregnant by a Selena to abort it. The Selena that was confused did not know what decision to take That day, Selena did not go to any of her classes, and only in her bed thought about what to do and she did not eat any food Jessie was worried about her. She took the Selena for food and said that you should not have children and you should talk to your family about this The Selena was under pressure, let alone let me think Jessie went out of the room. The Selena, whenever wanted to see him, just called him because he was not always around the Selena and most of his time in his world. The Selena cries called Patsiyuraz at the same time He comes down when he sees Selena crying He hugged her and said what happened to my love Selena just cried and did not say anything. Patsiyuraz relaxed her and while stroking her, said tell me now Selena said with sadness that I'm pregnant Patsiyuraz, who was confused, did not know what to say but after a few minutes he was happy to say the Selena says nothing. I was so happy to hear this news Selena said with angrily, It turns out what you say, it's impossible If anyone understands us or you, they will kill us anyone understands It is troublesome to have this baby. We must abort the baby before it is born Patsiyuraz said this kid is a long and prolonged love for me and you How do you say this? We can go to a beautiful place and without knowing anyone, we will enlarge our baby and have a good life together, Selena told what to do with my education and my family? Patsiyuraz replied: "My Dear, love is more important or educated? Tell your family the subject and how often do we go to see them. "Selena said where should we go that nobody understands? He said, "we'll go to the very beautiful hut in the middle of the forest. I will give you the best life for you and my child, and I will not let any of the Jinns understand even my family. "The Selena accepted and said that until tomorrow I'll get my stuff and go together, He said, my dear, that's great. Patsiyuraz, having read a sentence, had a table of delicious food and gave his Selena a meal with his own hands and told her, "Baby, I'll stay tonight. "When the Selena ate their meal, they fell asleep. A few minutes later, Jessie went in and opened the door to see if the Selena was restrained or not. They saw that they were sleeping together, and after she went to bed. In the morning, Patsiyuraz had set up a breakfast table and collected some Selenas. Jessie and Selena woke up, they were surprised to see breakfast. When the breakfast was over, Jessie saw the Selena's suitcase and said to her, "Do you want to go somewhere? "Selena said yes, I'll go with Patsiyuraz forever. Jessie said with a with a surprise mode. Where are you going to live? Really want to go with him and give birth to a baby? Are you kidding or mad? It means committing suicide you do not think in your mind of your parenthood and innocent kid. Selena said I made my decision. We go together where no one understands and we raise our children together and sometimes go to see my parents. Jessie said: What do you do with your education? Do you want to drop it? You have made a lot of effort to get here. Where do you want to leave your education and live with an unhuman person? I will not allow you to do this and told Patsiyuraz that you are an egoistic being who endangers the Selena and the innocent child and destroy her craving and education. You must abort a child and end this relationship impossible Selena, whose face was full of tears, took Jessie's hands and said, "You are like my sister, and I know you want me well. Make Sure, I will be happy with this decision. "Jessie said when you took the decision I cannot dissuade you, take care of yourself and your child and tell Patsiyuraz that I have never been happy with your relationship. But watch out for the Selena and tell the Selena just tell me where you are going. Jessie helped them and collected all the Selena They hugged each other and cried together. Jessie told her to contact me, I will miss you Selena told her, "Dear baby," read your lessons and take care of yourself. I love you, you're the best. I miss you too, and take Patsiyuraz's hands and disappear together. They went to the same hut in the middle of the forest. A few days later, Jessie went to the first exam session. The professors asked her why did not get a Selena and She replied that She would not go back. He asked where they were going? Jessie said I do not know just told me no longer. They said we should contact her family After the trial, Daniel went to Jessie and asked Where is she gone? I know that you know Jessie said She went to live with Patsiyuraz for a long time. Daniel says it's not possible. I would not allow Jessie to say that now that She's gone and we cannot do anything. When they contacted the university with the parents of the Selena, they did not know what they were saying, they were worried, they called, the Selena immediately, but their mobile was silent, they called to Jessie and they asked her where is she? And She answered Selena told me that will call and talk to you Jessie filed for the Selena and told her to contact your family earlier. A few hours later, the Selena called to Jessie and said, "I talked to my family and told them that I was pregnant and that I would soon go to see  and explain to them I also contacted the university and said that I will soon be studying for signing the withdrawal form. But my mom and dad are very upset and worried I do not know how to talk to them Jessie said, do not be upset, everything will be fine You should be careful about yourself Patsiyuraz made everything for the Selena and loved her romances. They were so very happy. A few weeks later they went to see their parents and The Selena told Patsiyuraz, "My parents should not understand that you are not human, so with a little embellishment, we must make you feel like human beings and you should never let them see your feet. "The Selena changed the appearance of Patsiyuraz and told him to remember that your name is Tadd Tomson and you are an accountant at HBO in New York and your parents are dead and our home is in New York. They went to her parents' home. Selena tells her parents that is Todd Tomson, he is an accountant at HBO New York. Initially, the parents of the Selena’s were upset, but Patsiyuraz, with his good and kindly behavior, could change their minds. Her mother said: my daughter why you did not talk to us about him and did not tell him about us and why did you drop an education one now where are you living? And we want to see Todd's parents to get together more. Selena replied: "We really loved us and suddenly we had children. I did not want to hide you, because Tadd was working. I decided to go to New York with him and her parents are dead. "I want to give birth to my child and have a good life together Tadd is a good man and I know that I will be happy with him please do not worry mother said that you decided very soon. Patsiyuraz said, "I promise you not to miss any Selena, and I would love her until the end of my life, imagine being comfortable. "Selena's father said, my daughter, I hope that you will never regret the decision you made, although it seems like a good boy, but New York is too far away and we miss you. I wish you the best for you if you wanted to stay here for as long as you want me and your mother will be happy Selena said thanks, but we should go and say goodbye and go Three months after the pregnancy, she told Patsiyuraz, "I have to go to a doctor to know what a healthy fetus is and what sex is. "Selena said when I was going to college, a doctor's office was a lower street than university, take me there, and when it's over, come back and bring me back home. The doctor went to the ultrasound doctor and told him he was a boy and he is healthy. The Selena was afraid that his child's legs and skirts might look like his father, and the doctor could understand, but that was not the case, and he was very happy. The Selena told Patsiyuraz, "My son is healthy and his body is like a human. They went home." Selena called to Jessie and gave this news to her and her parents. All were happy and friendly. Three months later, the Selena again went to the doctor's office for checkups when it was finished and went out to the office suddenly. Daniel saw her suddenly disappearing with Patsiyuraz.

















Chapter Three


Love & Hate  




   Daniel, who had a sense of disappointment and felt that he should have been with a Selena, thought with his temper if he told the Jinns that one of them had a relationship with a human being, he would be punished, and that time he could have a good life with the Selena Have So he was looking for someone who could connect with the Jinns, and he remembered that in his city a lonely and frenetic old woman lives in an old house near the grave, where people said her Behavior and clothes were like witchcraft Two months later, Daniel returned to his city for a week to visit his family and visit the old woman.
In the morning he went to the graveyard to see her. 











It was very scary. It was a dark old house with roofs and old walls and the voice of the crows and dried trees He was afraid and wanted to return, but when thought of Selena, Stronger than before, went to the old woman's house It Patsiyuraz, had a relationship with a girl who was pregnant, and how many days later she was born. The Jinn who was angry said You are coming to your request, because your information was valuable and none of us was allowed to do it. They had to get to their feet and the baby should not be born. Tomorrow morning, opening your eyes, make yourself beautiful and young. You will see and suddenly disappeared The Jinn went to the King of the Jinns, the king ordered that he should be found and punished. That same afternoon, Daniel returned to the old woman's house, and when he rang the door, she opened beautiful and young girl. Daniel said, "Excuse me, is your grandmother at home? "The girl invited him to the house. Daniel entered the house and leaked on the old furniture. It was very dusty. The equipment was all too old. The girl drank coffee to Daniel and sat next to him. She put her hands on Daniel's hand. Daniel asked, "I'm working with your grandmother. Is she your grandmother? "The girl who was the old woman answered yes, she is my grandmother, I lost my parents and arrived here My grandmother told me if a young boy came to tell him I told them tellers They are looking for him to punish him And she told me to stay here. She will return home tomorrow and said, what is your name, and what do you do with my grandmother? And then the tears came up in her eyes and said with shocking voices, "I do not have anyone." "My only family is my grandmother, and I do not know anyone here, "Then she hugged Daniel and said," I am very alone and afraid of loneliness in this house. Daniel said, sorry, but I have to go girl said don’t alone me and You do not know me how to say this. She said your grandmother knows you. Please stay Until tomorrow, my grandmother will come back Daniel said ok, I had to tell my family and stay here. He called his mother and said tonight he was staying with one of his friends. The girl was happy and rushed to dinner and they dined together after dinner Daniel asked are you a student or a worker? Anyways, where do you live? She told Daniel my name is Wiki Hoffman 23 years old I'm the name of my grandmother, I'm in a Sutter store as a product introduction to customers for four years. My parents died in a tragedy, many years ago, and when I graduated from high school I went to work. I have no family other than my grandmother, and I'm going to find work here and stay with her. The house had six rooms. Wiki showed a room to Daniel and told him that could sleep there. Daniel slept little. Midnight, he woke up the sound of opening in the door. Everywhere is dark. Suddenly, Daniel turned on the light. The Wiki was bare in front of the closet. She tried to cover herself, but could not Daniel said oh gosh, what did you do here? Daniel walked to put toward a sheet on her, looked at her beautiful face and Elegant body and He took a bed sheet on her. Wiki said my grandmother kept her towels here. I took the towel to dry myself. I did not think you wake up. She picked up the towel and went off, Daniel switched off the light to sleep, but he did not go out of her mind, immediately went to the Wiki Room He knocked and she opened the door. Daniel kissed her and slept after a sex, full of excitement and pleasure. On the morning of that day, Daniel woke up and showered and saw Wiki prepare breakfast. They ate breakfast together, then Daniel asked Have you a boyfriend? She said: "I had a boyfriend and I loved him a year ago, but then I found out he was a woman and separated from him." Wiki asked him what about you? "Daniel said from high school to now I love a girl, but she loves another boy Wiki said so sorry, Daniel said no problem Wiki asked him Are you a student or work? Where are you from originally? He said I am Daniel Samson and is a student at the San Francisco Medical University. I and my family are from here, and I'm here for the holidays. Daniel then asked her Do you want to go with me next to the lake? No, I'm so sorry she did not agree because she did not have a good dress to go out with Daniel. All the clothes of the old woman were loose and torn. Daniel said, Why do not you go with me? Wiki, who did not know what to say, suddenly came to her mind and told Daniel in fact They have stolen my luggage in order to get here, and that the clothes I am wearing of my grandmother, I do not have any other clothes to wear with you and I'm waiting for my grandmother's return to go to the store to buy clothes. I hope you are not upset. Daniel took Wiki's hand and went to his car in the yard. She asked where we were going. Daniel said, please come with me. They drove into the car and went to the store. The seller took several clothes for her and she wore them in one of the dresses, she was very beautiful, she was dressed with long chestnut hair and honey color gray eyes, Daniel was surprised to see her. Wiki bought a white dress with flaxen trousers and a jeans with a low price. Daniel bought her pretty clothes. Daniel said Do not you want beautiful clothes? She said, Not now, but maybe later buys it, when he saw her looking at the cost of clothes, He knew that she did not have enough money.


 He gave her the key car and said, "Go and stay in the car waiting for me." Daniel bought all the clothes she had made, and bought it beautiful dress. He put the clothes in the back of the car and Going to the Wiki home When they arrived, Daniel picked up the clothes and went inside. When Wiki saw clothes, did you buy them for me? Daniel said no problem. Whenever you have money give me back. At night, they went to the lake side. After talking a little and looking at the lake, they went to the lake restaurant and ordered dinner with wine. Anyway, Daniel was more fond of the Wiki. She was a beautiful and kind girl. There was a certain power in her eyes that attracted Daniel. He said tonight I'm staying with you tomorrow morning I have to go home to see my parents Wiki said no problem and They went home. The morning and Daniel saw that Wiki was sleeping Written on the paper I'm going home and the evening I'll be back to see you. He left his pillow and went. When Daniel arrived home, his mother told him I could ask what your friend was, did we know? No, you do not know her. I have got acquainted with her casually. She is a grandson of an old woman whose house is near the graveyard. His mother looked at him with astonishment, and said that No one knows Mrs. Hoffman too much, because she was not much among the people, but as far as I know that her husband is dead when she is young and she has no children because she is not married Daniel said she might have a son, and you do not know, she's called Wiki and she's a pretty girl. I do not like any girl so far, but I like her. His mother said that this is great, but my son is careful about your relationship. People say her grandmother is a witch. Daniel said that the mother of these words is superstition. Her grandmother has gone on a trip, and she has asked me to stay at her at home, I'll go there tonight Her grandmother will return tomorrow. His mom saying good is my son Invite her for dinner one night to get to know each other Daniel said good thought Mom's Thanks. Wiki woke up and read Daniel's letter She thought herself to what she would say about the return of her fictional grandmothers to Daniel. Suddenly, thought came to mind. In the afternoon, Daniel came to her house, she was wearing her most beautiful dress and putting on the perfume that had been in her box for many years. When Wiki opened the door, he was surprised. She was really very pretty. He hugged and kissed her and said, "I miss you". Wiki, whose face was red with embarrassment. Wiki told Daniel to call her grandmother and said she would return next week. Daniel said I should go back to San Francisco next weekend because my holidays are over. The Wiki was upset by hearing this and went to the kitchen to bring the coffee. Daniel knew she was upset and went to the kitchen and hugged her and said that it's okay that I'll go the next week, but I'm not going to forget you I love you, we can see each other online every day and I will be visiting you every holidays, and you can visit me every time so that my lesson ends. They had good days together until the day that He should return to San Francisco next day Daniel told Wiki to tell me your cell phone number Wiki was an old woman who did not have a mobile phone, she said, "My cell phone broke a few days ago, and I have to buy one, should my grandmother come to borrow money from her. "Daniel said I'm going to prepare my suitcase for tomorrow. My mother invited you for dinner tonight. Get ready to go to our house together at night. Wiki cooked apple pie and get ready when Daniel came, they went to Daniel's house Wiki was very beautiful, calm and polite. Daniel's mother and father and sister liked to Wiki. Daniel's mother asked her, "I heard that your grandmother did not have any children, and nobody ever saw her child. "Wiki said when my father was a child, my grandmother sent him to her sister's house in Sutter, because she did not have the ability to take care of her child and wanted to go to a good school. My parents were computer engineers. They became acquainted with the university and then they got married when I was 15 years old, they died, and lived for my mother's mom after graduating from a high school I work in a Sutter store my mother's mom was only family, then she died and I came to hear. Daniel's mother told her I'm so sorry. They ate dinner and Wiki's apple pie for desert. At about midnight, Wiki wanted to go home. Daniel told his mother, "I bring Wiki to her house, and I stay in front of her the night." In the morning, I'll take my suitcase and say goodbye to you. They went to the Wiki's house. Daniel had bought a cell phone for the Wiki, and gave and told her my number saved in it. Wiki, who was surprised, said I do not accept this, why did you buy it? Oh, I don't want anything from you. Your love is enough for me Daniel was surprised by it said I bought it for you. Please accept whenever you have the money to give it to me Wiki, while crying, to accept it hugged Daniel and said that without you it's hard for me to breathe. I count the seconds until you come back. I miss you so much my love. After last six, she promised Daniel promised. I look forward to waiting for me, as I'm expecting Wiki says I swear I'll wait for you. Daniel said promise waiting for me Wiki says I swear. Tomorrow morning they said goodbye and Daniel went. Wiki and Daniel talk every day. Two weeks passed, Wiki had a gold ring that was in her marriage. She gave it to the cemetery graveyard to Put an empty coffin in a cemetery called George Hoffman, and issue a death certificate, as well as make a fake identity card for her. When everything was ready, Daniel's mother called him and said Wiki's grandmother is dead and tomorrow is her funeral, Daniel was allowed to return to Yuba for several days from the University President He made his way to Wiki's home when Wiki opened the door He hugged her and said, dear, I'm so sorry Why did not you say anything when I called you? Wiki said I was alone, she had cancer and had not told me anything She had gone to Sutter Hospital for treatment and died there I did not say anything to you because I did not want to leave your classes for me. Daniel said, "Because of you, I am ready to do anything. "The funeral was attended by some people. Wiki just cried when everyone went she sat beside the grave and cried out quietly that Daniel, who was saying goodbye to the guests, noticed her. He went to her and took her to his house, so that she could not be alone, he took her to his room and slept on his bed Wiki slept for several hours. Daniel and his family were very upset and they said poor girl Wiki woke up Daniel took her coffee and relaxed her. Wiki put her head on Daniel's shoulder and said, "What am I going to do now? I have a house, I have to find a job. "Wish you were with me Daniel said if you want me staying with you, he said you should not do this, but I want to be close to you Wiki says I'm going to my house Daniel says I do not leave you alone in this situation Wiki says so you come to my house In the morning Daniel had made breakfast for Wiki After having breakfast, she told Daniel if you agreed to sell my house and come with you to San Francisco, I would rent a house and find a job for myself. Daniel said it was a good idea, so let's go with your home for sale and go to San Francisco and find a home that is near to my university and then we'll find work for you together. They sold the house for a week and found a home in San Francisco, but finding a job was not an easy job. One day Daniel at the University of Admiral recruited a secretary He spoke to Wiki and she came to university and interviewed her, and she gave them her fake resume Daniel talked with them about recruiting Wiki. Three days later they called to her and told to start work tomorrow. They were very happy. Daniel left the dormitory to live in Wiki. They were both so happy. Wiki would thank God every day for her new life with her love. And she prayed that this happiness would never end and would never miss Daniel. 





















Chapter Four




John's life















The weather was cold just days before Christmas It was time for her to go to a hospital in San Francisco, according to her doctor. Selena's father was a little sick, and the mother of the Selena called her and said my daughter is sorry that I can’t be on this sensitive day with you, but how many days later your father was better, I'll be coming to you to see you and our dear grandson Selena told her mother not to be upset, hope that father will be fine as soon as possible so that you come to us. I missed you both. I love you  pray for me and say goodbye. Patsyuraz's mother at the time of his birth, she died of a lot of bleeding, and his father had been killed in a war between good Jinns and devils. He was raised by a Nemrius, He was a friend of his father. Nemrius did not have a woman and child, and knew Patsyuraz as his true son, he was aware of the story of his relationship with a girl of human kind, although he tried to dissuade him from this relationship, but when he saw their love, satisfied. It was a while the story of the relationship between a Jinn and a human girl and their childhood was complicated among the Jinns, they were hard to follow the wrongdoers and punish them, So, they were awarded a prize for someone who could identify and arrest them. Nemrius gave the news to Patsyuraz and told him to take care of yourself. Try not to use any of your forces because if you do, they will find you. I want to see my grandson, but I wait until the situation is calmed down. Patsyuraz said the topic to the Selena that they went to a deserted home in San Francisco, whose owners had long been traveling elsewhere, Morning Christmas day The beautiful boy whose eyes were gray and pale were born. Doctors who have not met this case have decided to Take tests on the baby. Selena and Patsyuraz wait for the nurse to bring their baby but when the nurse arrived, she did not have a baby. Selena said, "Where's my son? Why did not you bring him?" nurse told them Do not worry, doctors should check him out. Patsyuraz went to see the doctor to ask for the cause. The doctor told him: "We think your son has a particular illness, because his eyes are red, and a pale white skin. We should test him. "The color of the eyes and the skin of Patsyuraz was the same, but he put lenses in his eyes and made his case with natural cosmetics. He went to the Selena and told her we should go there sooner. They want to test our son, and they will know that he is unnatural until the evening so that you get a little better. Then get ready to go with our son here. We'll stay until the afternoon, so you get a little better then be ready to go with our son here. In the afternoon, the Selena was a little better. He Preparing the Selena, collected the instruments and he took them to the house in a second using his power. Selena hugged her son and gave him a milk and said I want to give his name John Both of them agreed with that name. A few hours later Nemrius sent a message to Patsyuraz using his mental and tactical powers. You used your power They have identified your location Leave here earlier. He left along with Selena and John and set off on a bus to the home of the parent's Selena. A Selena, who was afraid told Patsyuraz if they were finding us and what they were doing to us? Patsyuraz hugged the Selena and John and said, "My dear, I'm not giving you any trouble," I promise you. After having been on the road for two days, they finally came to the Selena's parent's home Her parents were surprised to see them, and they were happy on the other. Selena said, we were worried about father and came here to see each other. The Selena showed her son and said this is John. They hugged and kissed him, but they were surprised to see his eyes and said why his eyes are gray? Selena said, "There is a rare genetic disease that you do not have to worry about. He's under the supervision of a doctor. "A few days ago, the Selena told Patsyuraz, "We need a story to stay here. She tells your parents."Patsyuraz lost his job and we will stay here and if you let him help you to harvest and plant products and other work on the farm until he has found a new job. My father said, "That's great, my daughter, I'm no longer old and I need someone to help me on the farm. Who's better than your husband? "Selena said thank you father. Jessie called the Selena to tell her Congratulations to give birth to her son Selena told him we were at my mother's house in Yuba, Jessie, who had returned to her parents' home for Christmas holidays He said: "Really? I'll have an evening to see you there. I miss you so it's up in the afternoon. "In the afternoon, Jessie went to the Selena's house with a beautiful bouquet and a small gift They were very happy when they saw each other. Jessie greets the Selena's mother and said I want to see your son, Selena hug her son and showed Jessie. Suddenly, Jessie was surprised and said, "My God, his eyes..." Selena said I'll explain to you, just be gentle, so that my mother does not understand then told the story for her. Jessie said it was so dangerous. Selena said you did not worry, they could not find us. Selena says, Jessie, I want you to be Mother in law my sons, John, do you accept it? Jessie replied, of course, with great pleasure and saying, "I want your brother to be his father in Law," tell him this if he agrees, that's great. Jessie called his brother and said the subject, and he agreed. Then she told the Selena, "We agree, to do the ceremony. "Patsyuraz seemed too weak to return from the farm. The Selena told him what had happened? He said that there is nothing we do, the Jinn do the work with our powers and do not do these hard things The Selena put him on the sofa and gave a glass of water Jessie greet him. He said, "Well, I have not seen you a long time, is your university Finished? "Jessie said the next year will end Selena told him Baby, Jessie and her brother agreed that their father and mother in Law was our son, this is not perfect? He said that the ceremony is binding on you? Selena and Jessie are surprised. Selena said, yes. Patsyuraz said, "That's great, and I thank Jessie. "The days were passing. They were so happy together. Patsyuraz was accustomed to working on the farm without using his powers. John was growing up Two years later, Jessie worked at the Yuba Hospital after graduation, and in the days of her job she and her boyfriend took John to the park. Jessie's boyfriend, David, was a veterinarian and was very kind John loved them so much. In that same year, Selena's mother had bowel cancer and had been fighting for a few months But one morning did not last long and died in her house The Selena and her father were very upset, they did not believe it. They took a good funeral for her. All people came to the ceremony and talked well about that woman. Selena felt her mother's lack at home. Patsyuraz told her, baby, your mother is now in a good place to be sure of this. A week later, the Selena father died of heart attacks Selena's parents were very in love, and they could not bear the distance even in death. Selena was suffering a lot of pain. Patsyuraz told her, darling, now they are together, and I know they are happy. Two months passed, and Selena had become accustomed to not having her parents and had less pain Though looking at every corner of the house, She would see them there And it was hard for her, but with the thought that they were together, she would have calmed herself down. John was two years old and sometimes went to farm with his father to play with horses. One day he was playing with horses, his father told him, "Take care of my son. "Horses may move, And you stayed underneath them. John said Ok daddy, but he wanted to play with horses Suddenly, Suddenly a thunderous voice was heard and the horse was scared. Patsyuraz heard John screaming and ran to him. John had fallen to the ground and the horse was running toward him. Patsyuraz had no choice and had to use his power to keep the horse The yellow light surrounded the horse was like a bubble And the horse had stopped. He ran toward John, hugging him and saying that my son was calm and rushing toward the house. The Jinns understood place him and, With the speed of light, They came to the place where they used it. Patsyuraz came home and called the Selena and said, we just have to run away. There was no chance. They've found us! They sat in the car They left in a hurry. On the way Selena, called Jessie and said they found us. We should go, but worry about John. I know you're hospital We go there and give you John, Jessie I trust you to raise my son well It's dangerous if I called you, we are good but don’t call They have arrested us. Jessie send my son to you Tell him your mother and father love him so much. Jessie does not tell him, his father is a Jinn and say we love him. Then they came to the hospital and kissed him and gave him to Jessie and went the Jinns found them in the way and kept the car in their power. Patsyuraz tried to fight them and told the Selena to escape, but the Selena said, "No, I will not leave you alone. “If we are to die, we die together. The Jinns captured Selena and Patsyuraz and taken into the ground in their own land. The king condemned them to jail with hard work until the end of their life. Selena was very scared. Patsyuraz held her hand tight and told her I would not let you get hurt. All the Jinns were surprised to find a human on their land and love between her and one of them. The king asked where your child? He should be punished for your work. They said we would never tell you. And the king ordered them to be imprisoned in the black hole in the depths of the earth. The king had bad thoughts, he could rule on the earth by finding his son This son was half human and half-fair, that is, he was not destroyed by saying the word of God and pouring the holy water, he could releases vampires and were wolves and nasnasses. nasnasses are giant creatures like human beings have one eye, and God created them before the first human being They ruined the land and destroyed everything that God had blessed, so God imprisoned them in the mountain Qaf, and afterwards, made mankind, Jinn and other beings The King of the Jinns thought that they were right on earth and they should not live in the basement So, despite that song, he could release the nasnasses to destroy humans and rule the earth. A year passed, Patsyuraz and Selena did not say the place of their son, and the Jinns followed him. The king said that the boy finally finds out the powers that he has and will use them, and at that time we will find him.  
Jessie married his boyfriend David, and was the result of a beautiful girl named Sarah. John grew up Differences between John and Sarah were three years old. When he was four, Jessie bought an eye lens for him Until someone  doesn't see the color of his eyes and told him to use them every day, and if you do not use them, you will be blind. Sarah and John were going to school together. In the school, whenever someone harassed Sarah, John protected her so much that he loved her They were always together. Sarah liked him so much, they grew up, and each day they realized that they loved each other. Sarah would be a more beautiful day by day than a black-haired girl with brown eyes. When they went to high school Every son expressed interest in Sarah. He did not accept that John did not respond to the interest of others one day, Jessie and David went to a party together and left John and Sarah at home, and John went to Sarah's room to take a paper. Sarah sat down with a top and shorts in her room. He saw her and went intently to her and kissed and told her that Sarah I love you I have not thought of any girl other than you in these years Sarah told her, "I love you too, but I do not think my mother and dad would agree with this love, they might get you out of the house. "John said we should keep our love secret A few years later, He applied to the San Francisco University SFAI in architecture and received a letter from admission Sarah was interested in the field of painting she also wanted to go to a university that would go John to stay together Sarah was very upset about how he was going to go to San Francisco to study and get away from each other. John, who saw Sarah's disappointment, told her, "Do not upset my love." I'll see you soon" I know that you will be accepted after reading high school for painting. Three years passed during these years, he went to visit Sarah, and when he was at college, they spoke or chat each other with the Internet or phone each night. Sarah graduated from high school and applied to the University of San Francisco Art University, she was very anxious to receive one letter a day when her application to enter the university was accepted she was very happy to call John and said that I would admit that we will be near soon. Sarah traveled to San Francisco for studied at the university, and every opportunity she found was coming out with John. The weather was cold and a very beautiful day they had gone to the park. He was going to get Sarah from the kiosk in the park of coffee. He bought the coffee Sarah was going to him and the boy riding a skateboard would be approaching and colliding with Sarah, John said Sarah No and look up at the skateboard and said that stop and Suddenly showed his strength Which stopped the song from Sarah by a yellowing bubble at a distance of twenty centimeters Then he went to Sarah, hugging her and saying, "my dear, you're alive." Sarah said with astonishment, yes but how did you do that? John did not know myself and then, without knowing himself, he stopped his power the bubble disappeared, and the son of the bubble pulled out he and the people who stood there They said How did you do it? It was busy and he was horrified. He did not know what to do. He took Sarah's hands and thought to his room at the University dormitory that they suddenly saw themselves in the room Sarah said, how did you do this? John said, I do not know myself either A month ago I was able to move my bag by moving my eyes and I thought it was unusual, but I did not have any explanation for this. I think these works are in the color of my eyes and I know who is the cause of these events. Sarah asked who did it? He said, "Our mother" At the same time, the magician's Jinn fell on the ground but they could not figure out where they were from, because of their semi-human nature, they could not find the source of power. A few days later, thanksgiving, John and Sarah went to Yuba to see their parents. They arrived home and saw their parents and in the morning tomorrow they would be ready for Thanksgiving, John is cutting out the lawns of the yard. And Sarah helped her mother home to cook turkey on Holiday's day at home. Jessie told Sarah, "Please take this glass of water for John. "Sarah went to the yard with a glass of water John took the glass and drank water and then kissed her. They did not know that their mother was watching them from the kitchen window. Jessie did not say anything about this scene, they sat down and prayed together and then started eating turkeys with Sarah's grandparents. David's parents died a few years ago and Jessie invited her parents to Holiday Jessie's brother and his wife had gone to Canada to live and could not come to here at night, David went to bring Jessie's parents' home Jessie called John and Sarah and said, "I saw you kissed the other," she said. "I do not have the right to do this. I do not let you be together." Sarah said we love the same childhood. I can’t live without him. John also said it's true that you raised me as your son, but I love Sarah all the way. Jessie said it's impossible. I do not let to us, Sarah cry and said, what is the cause of the mother? Jessie said the reason is related to myself. John said my mother would let me be together and get married. Jessie then said aloud. It was not possible. Jessie said, "John please be gentle. "It's time you knew that your mother was a human, and your father was Jinn, they arrested by a king of the Jinns, and I do not know what happened to them. Did you realize that you have super powers? If you feel strange powers in yourself, never use them. They will find your place and you will be with you. John was shocked, his heart was getting out of his chest and saying that my parents, who had ever thought that they were dead, may be alive? He was very angry and upset at the same time, closing his eyes and punching his hands. He also had to get all his tools. Sarah told him, "I'll be with you, but John told her I'd wanted to be alone, and he went. Seven months passed, nobody knew of him, his cell phone was silent. He did not go to college at all. Sarah was still waiting for him, even though one of her classmates, Henry, liked her very much. 
One day Sarah received an email from John, in which he wrote:
My dear Sarah, I have the ability to control my powers in these seven months. Do not worry about me so much. I'm just fine. I thought very well that it would be better for us to stay away. I love you so much and I do not want to get into trouble. How many times have they found me and I'm always running away. Hope you understand that we can’t be together. I hope you find love better than me. Take care always and I love you.
Sarah was also very sad. Five months later she was nominated with her classmate. Henry was a kind boy and Sarah was happy with him. John was always running away around the world. One day a Chinese old man came to his mind and told him my son is going to China's Jaiping, and then go to the golden temple, I'm waiting for you to visit you. John, with the power of his movement, went to see the old man. The old man told him my son's welcome I am the monk of this temple and I know that you are half Jinn and half human. Jinns should not take you. They just have bad ideas They know that the Holy Water and other prayers do not work on you so they want to go to the fire mountain with powers Jinns and the keys of the prison vector of evil beings and the key to the imprisonment of evil creatures who have been in prison for centuries and who care for humans and Elfs, and release them with their own human power and jenny with their release, the earth and all beings will be destroyed, and the Jinns and devils will rule on earth Come and take this jeweled stone It will take you to the land of Elfs. Elfs are creatures like humans with The shape of their ears is drawn and sharply and a kind of angels of God protecting Earth's creatures. The old man wanted to tell the reason for going to there, Suddenly the Jinn arrived. The old man said, "You can go. I can stop them." He looked at the stone. There was a lot of light and suddenly he saw himself in the middle of the sky in the land of the Elfs.






The Elfs saw him there arrested him quickly to bring him to his kingdom. The commander of the soldiers who arrested John was a beautiful girl with gray hairs and green eyes On the way John told them where would you take me? But they did not answer The whole path was full of beautiful flowers and plants with cute birds. 










John never had seen all that beautiful, it was like heaven, a land suspended between sky and earth, suddenly he came to the palace and brought life to the king. When they came to the king, the beautiful girl told the king, my father "We found this stranger. "The king said, "Who are you and where did you come from and how could you come here? "John said that I am half the man half-Jinn that They know that the Holy Water and other prayers do not work on you so they want to go to the fire mountain with powers Jinns and the keys of the prison vector of evil beings and the key to the imprisonment of evil creatures who have been in prison for centuries and who care for humans and elves, and release them with their own human power and jenny with their release, the earth and all beings will be destroyed, and the Jinns and devils will rule on earth Come and take this jeweled stone It will take you to the land of elves. Elves are creatures like humans with The shape of their ears is drawn and sharply and a kind of angels of God protecting Earth's creatures. The old man wanted to tell the reason for going to there, suddenly the Jinn arrived. The old man said, "You can go. I can stop them." He looked at the stone. There was a lot of light and suddenly he saw himself in the middle of the sky in the land of the elves. The elves saw him there arrested him quickly to bring him to his kingdom. The commander of the soldiers who arrested John was a beautiful girl with golden hair and green eyes On the way John told them where would you take me? But they did not answer The whole path was full of beautiful flowers and plants with cute birds. John never had seen all that beautiful, it was like heaven, a land suspended between sky and earth, suddenly he came to the palace and brought life to the king. When they came to the king, the beautiful girl told the king, my father "We found this stranger. "The king said, "Who are you and where did you come from and how could you come here? "John said that I am half the man half-Jinn that who really loved him. "And then they went to the king, and the king said to him, "You have to learn our power, so that you can deal with the Jinns."Days passed, and the king remembered his powers as flying and all sorts of magic that was special to them. Elina and John would love each other more and more day after day. John became stronger every day. One day, the news came to the King of the Jinns. He sent his men to find the place of the elves. After much searching, they found the location of the Elfs and decided to attack there They gathered together and attacked the city of elves, but they defeated the power of life and other Elfs and retreated John was very famous and considered him hero all. The king of the Jinns told them to send one person on my side, to the land of elves to talk to John. On my behalf, tell him if he wants to see his parents, he must obey my commands The Jinns sent one person as a messenger to the land ofelvess to speak, and he passed away and sent the king's message to him. John told him how do I believe that you are right and my parents are still alive? The messenger said you can come to our land to see them John said, I agree, but Elina said, "Dear, please, do not you go, they have a plan." John answered, do not worry. They do not hurt me because they need me The messenger said I will return tomorrow to take you along with me and went The king and his daughter, Elina, told John you wanted what to do. He said if they were right, I plan and rescue my father and mother and run away together. Elina said, "Take me with you," he said, "it's dangerous; I'll go alone, do not worry, nothing happens. "Tomorrow morning, the messenger arrived with John to the land of the Jinns The kings Jinns ordered Patsiyuraz and his wife from the basement dungeons John came to the land of the Jinns. He was so strange. It was a dark and insensitive. The people were not happy. Then they came to the king. John told the king: Where are my parents? The king said, bring them; the soldiers took them. His mother was very old, but his father did not care much Because Jinns life spans thousands of years, they become older later When John saw his parents said, I'm John. They looked at him and cried They wanted to hug their son, but the king did not allow them, and the soldiers got them John said if I want to obey your orders, I want to hug my mother and father. After all these years I thought that they were dead and now I see them alive The king said, I agree, they hugged each other and at that moment a whirlwind arose. Selena Mother John shouted my son Escape John said I will not go without you Selena said my son, your father cannot stop them more than that Escape and return with power and save us John said, "I swear by God and I will save you, I love you and went.". The king said they arrested The troops went to the messenger ahead of the king and said that he loved the daughter of the king of Elvess We can take the girl, then, for her, John will all work Until the John Has not returned to the land of elvess, we have to attack there because their strength is less than ours The king said, then quickly attack there and bring the girl here They attacked the house and burned the houses and killed some people and arrested Elina. John described his growing story and her move to the land of elves for his parents and told his love to Elina. When they arrived there was burning everywhere, some were crying for the loss of their families. John went to the king and said what was happening. He said they attacked us. They even killed some of them. They ruined our houses. And they took Elina and said that if John wanted her alive, they should do what they said. John, who was very angry, said I swear to save Elina and destroy them all. The king said that you alone could not save Elina and my people would not be. John asked what should I do? The king replied, "You must help the mermaids." John asked where are they? The king said the way to reach them is very dangerous and you might never go there, This means you might die. John said that I will do everything necessary to save Elina and people, even if I die. Tell me where should I go? The king said that you should go to the western Atlantic area north of Miami, Florida, San Juan, Puerto Rico, and on the island of Bermuda, A place called the devil's triangle. 











Take this black stone and go deep into the sea. John said, but how can I find a way? How to breathe deep into the sea? And the king answered, "When you get there, the stone will show you the way." I give you strength to put yourself under your breath He lifted his rod and read the strange words, then the light appeared, and threw the light toward John. He actually gave John the power of the elves, at that time, the shapes of the ears of the soul, like the elves, were shaped like a sharp tip Elasticity, high hearing, and elegant wings appearing during flight. When you see the king of the mermaids, tell him, send me the king of elves and ask you for help and explain the story to him and he said, All I hope for you is to take care of yourself. He took the stone and said you would not despair. Then he closed his eyes and thought of the devil's triangle and with his magic power at the speed of light, he reached the devil's triangle. He took the stone in his hand, suddenly from the stone into the sea appeared a red light showing the road map. John Light followed and swam deep into the sea. In the way of weird veins and amazing plants that he had never seen, He felt the beauty of God everywhere. He went down to the cliffs. When it hit the rocks, the red light of the stone was over. Suddenly, they arrived in a beautiful and beautiful city, a city with golden columns and stone houses and gigantic statues decorated with jewelry.









John was in the wintry beauty of the city Who heard a voice saying who you are? And how are you? How did you find it here? John wanted to come back and look behind him. He felt a sharp object in his waist, a voice said, do not come back. Suddenly, a bubble burst around John, and he was imprisoned in the bubble. They took John out of the back of the town in a rocky place where there was a large, golden gilt with jewels of green, red, turquoise. John heard the voice of a man who told this stranger? The man passed by the man with a beard and white hair and a large body with a fish tail with a long golden chain with a crown of glitter on his head. Two pretty girls came forward and said the father, we found him outside the city.





  





The king asked John, "Who are you strangers?" How did you find my city? How did you find my city? How can a person breathe under water? John said my name is John, My mother is human and my dad is jinn. The jinn want to release the Nasnasses to become the owner of the world but the jinn cant approach their prison and die and since I'm half human and half a Jinn They ask me to go there and release the Nasnasses from my prison with the power of the jinn. Since I was a little boy, I thought my parents were dead The jinns imprisoned my parents in their homeland for taking me but my mother gave me his friend so that the jinn did not find me When I grew up, things went up to the land of Elfs but the jinns attacked there to get me And killed half the people and imprisoned the others King Elvis told me to get help from you and he gave me the stone to find the way to get here. King of the Mermaids said nasnasses are very dangerous when they were free to bring the world closer to destruction. To imprison them, the kings of all lands united and imprisoned them and each of the kings laid magic there So that the people of every land cant release them and whoever goes there and wants to free them, will be wasted, Except humans. People do not have our powers, so they did not have a role in imprisoning them human can go to the Nasnasses Prison, but because having no strength, can not unlock the prison The people of each land must marry or have children together. Your mother and father are the first to not be with their own world. And this is contrary to what the kings of each land have agreed upon John asked for an agreement! The king answered yes, and this has a great punishment John thought to herself why the elf king did not say anything He was thinking that he was being taken out of the bubble and five other girls went there They looked at John with amazement and said: "Dad we have heard, who is his stranger?" The king said your sisters would tell you and I told John I had eight daughters They are my daughters, Mahara, Tamara, Lalia, Saharah, Carriya, Babata, Mammata and Hariya, who are not here. Then he said girls where is Hariya? Tamara said she would go to see the fish and return The king told his daughters to give him food and show him the city. The girls gave him fruits and seafood. John had never seen those foods and fruits. John began to eat. They were very tasty. Then they took the wine of oysters and seaweed. There was a beautiful silver color and a very special taste. John paused a little and then went to see the city with the girls. In the city all were busy with a variety of shops and beautiful stone houses, Colorful flowers on the walls of the houses. The king's daughters were busy buying and talking and John was staring at the beauties and swam in the streets and alleys. Suddenly he saw the girl with red hair and a very beautiful face like angels.









John was staring at the girl who came to the king's daughters. John asked who was she? And one of them answered, "Our sister is Hariya." Hariya saw John in the distance. Hariya thought to herself who this handsome man was, why does he have a tail and is not like us?! That's amazing. Suddenly, she saw her sisters there and went to them He introduced himself to Hariya and Then Tamara explained John's story to her sister Hariya felt a strange feeling about John. They returned to the palace after they had survived the city They gave John a room for sleeping Everything was made of shellfish, bed, mirror, and even a toilet Everything was very special and magical All the king's daughters slept in a very large room Hariya does not go out of John's mind She could not sleep, but the other sister thought to John, and she was Tamara. In the morning, Tamara prepared a tray filled with various things To take John to his room. Hariya went to John's room and suddenly opened the door, John was sleeping. Hariya stood watching John That Tamara entered the room with a breakfast tray Tamara said what are you doing here? Hariya said you are here for what? Tamara replied, I brought breakfast for John. John woke up from their voices. Hariya said, "We're sorry, we're having breakfast for you." Tamara put a tray on the table and John thanked them and they went out of the room Tamara went to her room, and Hariya went to the kitchen. John showered, dressed and ate his breakfast He wanted to go out of the room when someone kicked He opened the door, a man on the king's side He told John that the king wanted to see you and he was accompanied by the man to see the king. The king, seeing John, told him I'd heard the reptilians unite with the jinns to release the nasnasses John asked what are reptiles? The king said human-looking reptiles living deep in the black forests They know that you are here. My city has always been hidden from all creatures We alone cannot help you One way to fight them John said what's the way? The king said you have the power of the jinns as well as the heart and power of human thought King Elf also gave you the power of the Elves The king said, I want to give you the power of the mermaids The ability to breathe constantly in the water and when the body is in contact with water, the feet become the tail of the fish. And the power of moving very quickly in the water and the whistling of the shellfish to defeat the enemy And the advent of the mermaids for help or any request The king called the girls. They took their hands and each one gave the powers to John. The king said that you need The power of a variety of creatures And you have to hurry because the jinn want to unite everyone And so the unity contract that imprisoned the nasnas was destroyed and released If this happens, the jinn will no longer require you to release nasnas. You must go to Mount Everest in the Himalayan Mountains and Find the centaurs.   
The king gave a letter to John and said that when
 You arrived, show this letter to the Centaurs And to see them, take the candle and turn it on. John said goodbye to the king and his daughters. Tamara gave John the dagger And she said the dagger would destroy the darkness And this always makes you remember me And then John wanted to say goodbye to Hariya, She gave a piece of her hair to John and said that if you are injured one day, this hair is healing, put it on the wound John thanked them Everyone succeeded for him and the king said that if the nasnas were released, all the creatures would be compromised John will not disappoint you and closed his eyes and thought to Everest When he went, Hariya went into the room and began to cry. Tamara was very sad. But they each hoped that John would return and could not do anything other than waiting. 








When John opened his eyes On the summit of Everest The stars and the sky were very beautiful.
John turned on the candle. Suddenly, people with a horse's body and large wings fell from the sky. A few men in front and a woman among them. They said, who called us? The woman went ahead and said, Who are you? 

















I am Queen Beatara. John said my name is John And gave the letter to the queen She read the letter and told her to come with us And flying, John opened his wings and followed them. They went to a star in the form of a cross A very wonderful path filled with brilliant stars. When they arrived at the cross-star, they descended The land was so weird and beautiful that there was a lot of rivers in the middle of it In a river, red wine was flowing, in one the water was flowing in the rest of the various juices and other things Fruit trees and grassy meadows and the beautiful smell of wild flowers Some are drinking wine, Some are dancing, The children were bathing in the river And everyone was happy Their houses were all made up of thick and beautiful trees there. Above a tall, thick tree with pink mangoes, a beautiful palace That was the palace of the queen. Inside it, there was something of wood Grand wooden sculptures of the ancestors of the queen The walls were covered with horned flowers and white, red and blue roses They gave John a variety of foods and fruits and drinks. The queen asked him, then you have to get the power to deal with the jinns? John answered yes. The queen said you have to do something to gain our strength You must find the star of power and tell me where it is John said how to find the star? Queen replied, you should search in the source If you find it, you will reach our strength, and nobody can find it They took John to a room for a break John thought about where the star could be found Where is the source? He slept and began to visit the land in the morning after breakfast Wherever he goes, he is asking everyone where is the star of power and source? But nobody knew that John could not find it anywhere in the land Two days later he decided to search the palace He went to the palace library to find something. All books were about ancestors and centaur wars John went to the queen and said, "I still cannot find the star." The queen said you should get help from the source John told herself to get help from the source Which suddenly solved the puzzle, yes, the source of his powers But where is the star? John recalls one of the powers of the jinns of mind reading He used his power and entered the queen's mind The queen said in her mind that you solved the problem The star of our power is our mind Where and when will we use our strength in the fastest time You must have this ability, And one of our powers is the ability of the mind, I'll give you the power of mind and the way through the stars This is the centaur magic slingshot, I give you The beams of this slingshot are fast and they hit anything, they burn them Suddenly one of the soldiers came and said The news is that the genies and reptiles are along with Chupacabra and Devil Jersey After the Mermaid King has not been united with them, they attacked them, killed some others and imprisoned the others. The Queen ordered people to get ready to go to another place sooner John said my god Mermaids and then he said I should save them The queen said, "You still cannot defeat them." Their power is greater than you and us. You must go to the Rocky Mountains soon and find the Bigfoot and after them, you must go to the rest of the lands earlier than the jinns and get the powers. John said I cannot leave you alone The queen said, "Go ahead. We have tried to stop them for a while so that you can take power to destroy them." Do not worry about us and save us all John said, I promise you, and then closed his eyes and thought of Rocky Mountains and disappeared. John was scared and thought that he could save his family and the world or not? He was thinking of this Which reached the mountain Rain rains fast John jumped out of a tree. His eyes shone. He saw the cave on the side of the mountain He thought of the cave and reached the cave in less than 5 seconds He was very cold A piece of wood picked up with the strength of his eyes burning wood and decided to go inside the cave John went ahead and no longer needed a fire because the ceiling of the cave was bright as he walked forward, the path would be luminous and beautiful.










He went to a large tunnel on both sides of the historical monuments and chimpanzee sculptures. Suddenly, he saw a great fire that the big feet were sitting around They were busy performing certain ceremonies First, a special prayer was given and then they began to dance around the fire.










They had taken each other's hands and jumped up and down They were tall and had a large body so that the cave shook when they jumped up and down There was an old woman who was reading magical words Suddenly the old woman said loudly, "John come here." John went to them and the old woman said that the fire told us about you Stand up with fire Their population was very low, they lived in houses made with wood and leaves The old woman said, "I am the head of the tribe, and these are all my children." Fire told me about the unity of other creatures They gave some kind of tea to John and some food and water The old woman said our power is working with the element of soil and fire I will teach you this But now wear this warm sheepskin outfit and go along with your granddaughter soon to your resting place. Sa’one asked John then you are supposed to save everyone A particular creature I have not seen other creatures. Grandma always told us to stay away from them But I always wanted to see everyone else John, who felt that Sa’one is sad, and it is desirable, told her that I will show you them tomorrow. Sa’one said really? And John answered yes He thanked John and went He slept and woke up in the morning to eat breakfast for him soon gathered her siblings, her brothers and friends And then went to John And she said I have gathered everyone so that you show us the world of other creatures John went to them And he said, I am a human and a jinn I can turn into the beings that I've seen and you can see them He became Elf, Mermaid and Centaur, respectively And he showed them all creatures and defined their way of life and their powers and their lands for son and his friends. They were very happy about being seen with other creatures and they were surprised to see someone who has all this power Sa’one said, "I also want to see the world and I will do it one day, and grandma will hear it." Granny called John. He went to grandmother And she told him you did something wrong and made me upset. John said, "What's wrong with me? Why should I upset you?" The grandmother said you should not show the world of other creatures and outsiders to our children. John asked why? She said that in ancient times we had a good population and lived in the forest Until the creatures attacked each other Humans attacked us more and killed us Our population was very low, and we had to live in this cave, we would not leave the children because there are so many dangers and men go out to eat food and water. Now that the children have seen the outside, they want to go out and this is dangerous for them John said, "I'm sorry, and I tell the kids that they will not leave until there's a danger." You do not worry. Then he called the children and said: "Children know that you like to see the world. I promise you that when I carry out my mission, I will return here and show you the world." But for the moment I ask you to listen to the words of the elders and please do not go out, especially now that the beings are looking for you to unite you to do bad things. The children said we will count on you and wait for you Grandmother thanked John and after saying that our power is our gods Next is a grandmother with a plant on the body of John painted a big foot and called everyone, they went to the great fire that was always clear in the middle of the cave. They took each other's hand and started burning magic words around the fire and then the painting has in red The grandmother told him that whenever the time comes, this force will help you. You should go to Scotland soon to see Nessie. Take this powder and bake it in the lake Nessie will appear. Go now. John said goodbye to them He closed his eyes and thought of the Scottish lake when he opened his eyes Next to the lake. It was very cold there, he poured the powder out of his pocket and poured into the water. Suddenly there was a great deal of exhaustion, the neck was very tall and the body was very large. Shouted Who called me?










John said I was. Who are you? I am John. One who wants to stop bad creatures Nessie said so you finally arrived He bends his neck and says, "Ride and come with me." John came with him, and they were frozen on the surface of the water They went deep into the lake, a large nest with coral and algae on a rock. He gave a piece of shells and said that you should be hungry to eat it John thanked him and ate it John asked, are you just the rest where are you? He replied, "I am the last survivor of my generation. At that time, people found my nest and my wife. My wife was freshly hatched and we were waiting for our child." I was going to bring food for my wife. People wanted to take my eggs and my wife. My husband asked to protect the eggs, they wounded her and took the eggs When I came back, I saw my wife wounded and she told me that the men attacked us and then died and I do not even know my kids are getting out of the egg or dead John said I'm very sorry I'm sure your kids are alive and I promise you to find them and bring them to you He told John if doing this for me, I will thank you for the rest of my life And he said that the jinns have rebelled, this is contrary to the commitments that we all accept Then he drowned in a small glass and said, "In this glass is my tear." We rarely shed tears and this tears all my pain and suffering. In this glass there is a drop of my tear that if you open it, everyone will suffer the pain I have drawn. Now you have to go to Tibet to see the dragon. 











This little glass is my voice. They know me. Open this glass and they will come to you. John thanked him and said, "I will certainly find your children, and then he closed his eyes and went to Tibet." John reached Tibet and opened the glass, a loud voice wrapped in the mountains A group of dragons went to John, One of them said that he was fast riding, and he got his ride and they went to a cave in one of the mountains They told John that the jinns are looking for us. This is the fifth place that we changed our place They went to the end of the cave, where they were full of children and females sitting on the eggs One of them told John that you should work ahead and stop it We give you our breath and whenever we need help, write down the help word and we will help you.  They gave their power to John when suddenly the jinns and their allies came. The John rounded them up and the dragons guarded and they all disappeared. He took them to the Alpine Mountains and said that you are in a safe place. They cannot find you for a while. They thanked John and said that we cannot fight them, their strength is higher and they will kill us all, so we have to run away because we do not want to unite with them. The nasnases destroyed most of us and no food left us. They ate our eggs They are devastating Now you have to go to Japan and talk to vampires because they can unite with the giants We harden our skin, like ours, so that bloodthirsty people can not eat your blood Vampires are only important blood They said that our skin is anti-burning. Whenever you want to turn it, just say Suzianukuihi Baladi Now go to the Fuji Mountains, the vampires are in the dark for days and are out at night takes absolute care of yourself John thanked them and he want to went to Fuji Suddenly, one of the dragons said that you must first go to mountains Fuji in Japan before Werewolf They have the power to stop vampires Get the first power of Werewolf. Then go ahead with vampires You must go to japan. They said that you should learn the sounds of the wolves to understand them and come to you. John thanked them again Then he thought of japan and went When the receipt of the wolf's voice arrived Suddenly the ground began to shiver. 










The birds jumped over the branches From dusty dust was seen in the air A herd of wolf-like creatures whose bodies were much larger than the wolf, with very large and sharp teeth, were near John. They took John to the middle of the forest and then became human Some were men and some were women. The name of their boss was Brad He handed over to john and introduced himself, John wondered with wonder: Are you a man or a wolf? Brad said we are human beings who become wolves, and since we are different from the rest, and if humans understand they kill us, we live in the woods But we're actually good for humans because we keep them out of the vampires Then he told a member to prepare food for john The beautiful girl came forward and said, "I'm Kitty, sister of Brad." John said oh nice to meet you, I am John. Brad said we have taken all the vampires in this area and we do not let them harm humans and the rest of the world. If vampires want to attack people, we will stop them. I have heard they want to unite the jinns so that their power grows and they can defeat us and do whatever they want. We must stop their unification with the jinns. I do not know how to do this John said, "I will help you only take them away for a while." So I have the opportunity and I can take action Could it be that John could put up with all this pressure and destroy the bad ones?
To be continued…











               
  

Thank you all who have read this                  book.



Sanaz Alamdar









