JODI ANN










BRIAN CAIN
Copyright @2013 Brian Cain
JODI ANN
Smashwords edition
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
The information, views, opinions and visuals expressed in this publication are solely those of the author and do not reflect those of the publisher. The publisher disclaims any liabilities or responsibilities whatsoever for any damages, libel or liabilities arising directly or indirectly from the contents of the publication.




Previous works on Smashwords by Brian Cain
Circles Of Fear
Vigilante
The Sword And The Dagger
Flaxmead
In The Name Of The Mother
Other works on or due on Smashwords;
'Circles Of Fear' A feel good story, initially a series of three novels, is now more relevant than ever. An Australian blues guitarist at war with his powerful father finds his childhood sweetheart, things couldn't be better for Jason Brinkly. He battles the normal boredom come fun life in a band and is thrown to the lions of darkness in the conflict of Armageddon at the turn of the second millennium. Carrying the sword of the cross from an unlikely source he must rise from boredom, fight through disaster, wrangle with stardom and confront power. Where will this lead and can a humble blues guitarist overcome such odds.
'The Sword And The Dagger' Fial McMurrin loved only one women, 
Angelina, he also loved his country. Written between the lines of historical fact begins amid the disastrous Expedition de Ireland by the French in 1796 attempting to land French troops on Irish soil during the Napoleonic wars. A young boy witnesses the mayhem with his father, a member of the society of united Irishmen. His parents are murdered by the British army, rescued and nurtured in the ways of the sea; Fial joins the British Navy, when the time is right he becomes a notorious pirate.
'Vigilante.' The first novel in a series of works featuring the character John Stanton and his family. A British MI6 operative retired in Australia seeking to win back his lost family. Whilst rescuing his beautiful wife a journalist from the clutches of Australian power, Stanton finds a little more than he expected. With help from his sidekick Cadiche, a part aboriginal state police officer, he confronts the threat with ruthless application. 
'Once Upon A Time In Australia.' Another in the John Stanton series. A romance centred in Australia's Western Sydney's underworld. A definite adult publication not for the faint hearted. Stanton is drawn into the pubic domain after his sidekick Cadiche is gunned down by a radical terror group. He searches for the truth amid Outlaw Motorcycle Clubs, The Mafia, Politicians, Stonemasons, the Asian underworld and Middle Eastern Radicals attempting to take control of organised crime. 
'In The Name Of The Mother'. Part of the John Stanton Series. The reason why John Stanton turns on autocracy becoming a vigilante. Burdened with the truth, one straw breaks the camels back. Stanton must always have six numbers before someone wins the lotto; disparity in the equilibrium of democracy threatens the balance of power. He builds an impenetrable network of wealth and power turning on anyone that crosses the line within his creed, he losses his family and wants them back.
'Bella Elizabeth'. Further adventures of John Stanton. Bella is of French parents, a stunning black haired blue eyed beauty. She is Stanton's second childhood sweetheart, she looses the war against Jodi Ann for Stanton's marriage vows. She finds other ways to become part of his life to get her own way. As an MI6 operative, sex is the weapon of choice, a date with Bella Elizabeth is a date with death. Dedicated to the infamous Hay street brothels in Kalgoorlie West Australia, where the author found incredible character reference for this manuscript. This is another adult publication for the open minded to say the least.

Currently in edit, John Stanton sits between the lines of historical fact. 'Member 0026'. A gallant single red headed mother, disillusioned by government direction in Australia builds a political party in an attempt to bring Australia together as one nation. The party explodes into a national threat to current political power, Stanton sends an MI6 operative to gather intelligence on this new power. The male operative joins the organisation early and is known as member 0026.
Currently in edit, 'Flaxmead. The Hunt For Rose'. Another in the John Stanton series. Flaxmead the Australian giant thoroughbred icon is taken to British Ascot then, on to America. Security is a nightmare; John Stanton and his wife Jodi Ann ensure the separation of powers is maintained amid the planets underworld. They use thin leads in an effort to find Rose Blake, daughter of Flaxmead's original owner Winston Blake, she vanished whilst in Bowral NSW Australia, during the Milat Belanglo Forest backpacker murders and has not been seen since. Whilst wrangling with the planets equine elite, things are not quite as the optic nerve would have one believe. 





For Calandra




PREFACE
Jodi Ann Simpson, curvaceous, vivacious, intelligent, blonde haired green eyed beauty, in full control of her life she commands attention wherever she goes. Born in Westminster England, her name Jodi meaning god is gracious and her second name taken from Queen Ann Boleyn second wife of Henry the 8th and queen of England from 1533 to 1536, hero and martyr of the English reformation. Beneath the plumage a hardened journalist looks for truth and justice, watched over by her powerful husband.
Educated from birth by a journalist family she is schooled along side and lives next to the developing ruthless MI6 operative John Stanton, their families are friendly neighbours unaware of the inseparable bond forming between their siblings. 
On the far side of the Stanton property is a hedge, beyond the hedge in the terrible black mansion lurks Jodi’s archenemy, the fire breathing monster Bella Elizabeth Fonteyn. A black haired blue eyed beauty, with romantic goals similar to Jodi’s, the lifelong love and affection of John Stanton, Jodi fights tooth and nail to win the war.




TABLE OF CONTENTS
PREVIOUS WORKS BY BRIAN CAIN
PREFACE
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
CHAPTER TWENTY
CHAPTER TWENTY ONE




CHAPTER ONE
She waited; she could hear the waves crashing on the rocks below, her long blonde grey tinged hair lifted by the warm sea breeze tugged at her scalp as it blew around behind her. Her son Robert knowing where she could be found wore a smile of relief as he silently stood behind her, approaching without her knowledge, his tailored suit hugging his muscular frame. He could hear her faint sobs, he thought, ‘if not for the grey I would say she was a teen.’ The sun was behind them and lit the deep blue waters and white crested waves, a minutes silence and he stepped forward grabbing the handrail atop the cliffs edge beside her and looking out to sea. She looked at him briefly then hid her face into her hands, “Tell me,” she muttered.
His smile widened. “The government's efforts were unsuccessful, the high court in Canberra threw it out, we’ll push for a Royal Commission, Dad and Anthony will be home in an hour.” She broke down and Robert took her in his powerful arms, she wept into his chest hiding her face. “It’s okay mum it was never in doubt, you did it, they look like fools, people in Sydney are dancing in the streets, come on lets go home.”
Jodi had walked to the old radar station atop Sheppard’s Hill lookout on the Newcastle foreshore, ten minutes walk from her home above Bar Beach in New South Wales Australia, leaving through a rear access by means of an underground tunnel devised by her husband to confuse those whom kept watch. 
Jodi Ann Stanton sobbing and unable to talk from relief was assisted into her son’s car and taken home. Roberts Aston Martin forced it’s way through the throng of journalists and news camera’s outside the Stanton mansion, the wrought iron gates opened and the eight car garage door swallowed them up closing with an ominous clunk behind them. Not one journalist set foot on the Stanton property, the iron gates closed and the mob dispersed grappling with their mobile phones relaying the news, ‘Jodi Ann has been found, her son Robert just brought her home, I saw her with my own eyes.’
Australian government attempts to have John Stanton tried for murder had again failed, taken all the way to the high court the battle had taken it’s toll on Jodi leaving her exhausted as she held herself suspended in time at his favourite spot knowing her husband may never return, relief had made way for shock. Robert assisted her to her bedroom, she lay on the bed, Robert closed the door and kept vigil. Jodi had not slept well for weeks, she fell into a deep sleep, she accessed the annals of her mind, she dreamed of her dreams from her first recollection as a child.
She played with John, her teddy in tow sitting on the lawn of the Stanton home garden among the roses. In a few weeks they would start primary school, John was in charge making tea handing a plastic cup and saucer to Jodi. “Here, this is for you,” said John. She took the offering and sipped away at the empty cup, her green eyes met Johns brown and hazel and a bond was forged that could never be broken. John looked at her pretty flowing dress, her long blonde hair flowing across her shoulders. “You’re pretty and lovely.”
 “I love you John,” he tilted his head to one side, looking, prying, and delving into the person behind the captivating picture that was Jodi Ann.
“I promise to look after you for ever.”
“Promise.”
“Yes.” Jodi put down the cup and hugged him around the neck nearly chocking John, he said nothing and when released gently took her hand and kissed it. “You’re a princess,” he looked around, his fair hair fell over his eyes and he threw his head back in an effort to see. “I don’t have a horse to rescue you.”
“One day we’ll have a horse and he’ll be the best horse in the world.”
John smiled at her as he remembered his father’s words, six black horses and a very special day. He looked puzzled as her face changed to one of anger and revulsion. He couldn’t understand what he had done wrong and rightly so as he had done nothing, across his shoulder standing in a gateway of the hedgerow running along the opposite side of the Stanton property to the Simpson’s stood the fire breathing monster and Jodi’s nemesis Bella Elizabeth Fonteyn. She lived in the black mansion, Jodi pictured it as looking like the Munster’s mansion from the TV show, a black haired blue eyed beauty she had captured the attention of her playmate before. “John you said you would play with me today,” said Bella.
John looked up at her, sitting on the lawn hidden from their parents view having a mock picnic with Jodi he defended his ploy. His short back and sides haircut, white shirt and braces holding up grey shorts, with black socks and mirror polished shoes John Stanton nearly five was hardly a fashion statement but street competition for his affection was intense. “We can play together can’t we Jodi,” he replied. Jodi turned her head looking away from the black haired blue eyed beauty from the evil lair beyond the ghostly hedge, to acknowledge her would release the monster she kept in the hedge to scare Jodi away, Jodi refused to yield.
Bella sat down next to Jodi with her head to one side and a puzzled look. Jodi looked around saw the demanding monster from next door but one, although she had never been in Bella’s garden she believed her house looked to be the same as the Munster’s from the TV show. She sometimes spoke in a foreign language, she was sure it was the same as the green men from the moon. Jodi got up, looked daggers at John and stormed off dragging her teddy behind her. “Can I have some tea,” asked Bella.
John smiled at her. “Okay,” he replied in a depressed tone. Bella had triumphed. Jodi occasionally came to the picket fence dividing the Stanton and Simpson property and peered at the pair playing on the lawn. Bella pulled faces at her and Jodi became agitated.
“John,” she shouted. “Can I play with you later?”
John turned around, he stood and looked at her his hand over his eyes to shade the sun. “Yes,” he shouted back. Bella gathered her dolly, she dragged it in a huff to the gate under the hedge, she turned around and stared at Jodi peering at her over the picket fence making faces and performing strange dances in an attempt to infuriate Jodi. 
John sat down and talked to his teddy the only one left to finish the picnic. Jodi threw her teddy to the ground disgusted with Bella’s taunts from the outskirts of the monster house. She picked it up and stood with her hands on her hips staring at Bella, Bella returned the look her eyes sparkling with triumph. She felt a strange tingling in her loins, she had no idea why but she felt good. Jodi’s heart was low, she gazed at Bella planning her next move on John Stanton. The stage had been set for a lifelong battle that would at times plunge both their lives into kayos. 
In the course of deep slumber Jodi recalled her school days;
The three were sent to the same primary school, a public institution not far from their homes, Jodi’s parents were newspaper reporters building a media empire and Bella and Johns fathers worked together putting Jodi at a disadvantage as the Stanton’s and Fonteyn’s often dined together and Bella could monopolise John’s attention. This only bolstered Jodi’s resolve and she in the later years of primary school attended the same class as John, he sat behind her pulling her long pony tails, she complained getting John into trouble, this attracted Johns attention and Jodi pounced monopolising John’s affection. 

The first year of high school and the three again ended up in the same playground only this time a third girl threw her hat in the ring working for John’s attention, Pauline Hail a brunette. Developed beyond her years John found cleavages and shapely behinds eye-catching, sick of the ridiculous and difficult circumstances displayed by Bella and Jodi he turned to Pauline. She was most accommodating in allowing John access to her body to explore the different hidden attractions adorning the female physic. Bella and Jodi united becoming the best of friends, they turned on John by mid high school began dating John’s friends in an effort to regain his attention. John caught Pauline half naked with two senior boys behind a hedgerow after school, he became angry beating both the senior boys to submission, John’s father had already made his arms and legs deadly weapons. 
John was hurt, his feelings had began to run deep for Pauline but things would pan out that destiny had prevailed as Pauline became the school bike and Bella and Jodi the school beauties, just to be seen talking to the pair was hip. Jodi was on every committee the school had and the head editor of the school newspaper advised and driven by her parents. John admired Jodi’s stance as he became the most feared boy in school, the cross the line of acceptable social behaviour may induce the corrective stance of John Stanton as he watched over the pair of beauties like a lion protecting his harem. 
Two senior boys attacked Jodi after school whilst she walked home with Bella, they arrived on their bikes coaxing Jodi into a park with cigarettes. They pinned her down removing her blouse and playing with her breast, they fondled her private parts under her dress and as about to remove her knickers saw the ominous shadow of John Stanton standing in the low afternoon sun. For the first time John realised he loved Jodi from the time he became entranced with her piercing green eyes at a picnic on the lawn between the roses many years before. He decimated the attackers injuring them badly, the police arrived and the attackers were taken away and so was John. 
Bella consoled Jodi and they attended the police station, John’s father arrived and amid yelling and screaming John was released without charge. His father made him promise he would never allow condoning such behaviour no matter what the police could do. John noticed his father had some kind of overpowering presence with the police, this puzzled him, he knew his father worked for the government but pinpointing his activity was difficult, his father said nothing even when asked, he just smiled.
John from that time on never left Jodi and Bella’s side, John made sure Jodi’s attackers lived in hell and they moved away, the stark and early beginning of the separation of powers. With one year of high school to go John told Jodi he loved her and wanted to marry her, Jodi was overjoyed and Bella hid her desolation well discussing wedding plans and Bella agreed to be bridesmaid. As the sixth year of high school approached Jodi suffered a heartbreaking blow, Bella and John would be sent to a military boarding school to the north of London. Bella was overjoyed and began stalking her prey, John had a certain atmosphere about him and she learnt to accommodate it. John promised Jodi on return after graduation he would immediately marry his childhood sweetheart.
Jodi’s parents sent her to Oxford University eighty kilometres North West of Westminster, graced with high A and O level passes in secondary school Jodi immersed herself in university study. Here Jodi mixed with the children of the elite and aristocracy, she was courted by sons of the rich and powerful practicing the art of stealth journalism. She ran several school publications including the school paper and began to write for major London newspapers on work experience under strict guidance from her father. 

When home she dug at finding John, his parents would give no information regarding his location and nor would Bella’s. She searched for his name, a lead, a connection, it was if he had vanished. She had fleeting glimpses of him when on holiday, or at least she thought and hoped it was John. She did however occasionally talk with the luscious vixen Bella Elizabeth Fonteyn during holiday’s, Bella avoided conversation about John.
Just before graduation Jodi was approached by the son of a government powerbroker, he demanded her attention and friendship. Jodi refused and the young man pushed her around and hounded her. She feared Bella but they were really the best of friends, they often confided in each other, Jodi mentioned her problem to Bella. The young man followed Jodi to her home and continued to hound her during the final holiday’s before graduation. From nowhere the heavy hand of John Stanton came down on his shoulder, the impertinent and apparently untouchable protagonist found himself in hospital and John found himself in the hands of the Police. John witnessed the power of his father, as lawyers acting for the young mans political father backed down and John was released without question.
The young man persisted, but one day he just vanished. Jodi without further interference graduated and unbeknown to her John had intervened again. Jodi left the corridors of Oxford, carved in her mind was the sight, smell and touch of all that influenced her.
The vision of her first positions amid the realms of journalism brought solace in her slumber, fostered by work accomplices of her parents Fleet Street became her second home. She often worked way into the night void of any pay, she had found something she loved to do and would never have to work again. Covering topics all over the city of London after a few early years of women’s columns the tide of tactics turned for Jodi. Stories of contempt and corruption amongst the powerful began to fall in her lap and she knew not from where. Front page sensationalism propelled her to defy gravity and she shot to the top. Fearlessly carving a furrow of fortitude leaving the misguided in her wake she often felt a hand on her shoulder but she could see no one, it was the hand that would cull the wake. 
One thing hounded her hidden in the corner of her mind, Bella Elizabeth Fonteyn. Where was she, was she near her husband, waiting, stalking, she had disappeared, vanished into thin air, Jodi had attempted to find her but she seemed to have ceased to exist, then one day.




CHAPTER TWO
Jodi recalled sitting at her desk one morning and an unmistakably commanding fragrance engrossed her senses, it quickly swept to her brain switching on a vision of magnificence, she looked up and there before her stood Bella Elizabeth, her long black hair and piercing blue eyes enhanced her mesmerising smile. “Bella,” whispered Jodi, years of life as friends opened the door of Jodi’s heart and she leapt to her feet embracing the willing long lost apparition. 
With a few broken tears the pair ventured into Fleet Street for coffee and a chat, Jodi frequented the same café every day smiling and nodding to a hoard of admiring men and inquisitive women. Today the pair stopped traffic, men stood with their back’s to the wall along the pavement under the guise of lighting a cigarette just to study the pair. Jodi noted the stark difference in atmosphere as they sat at her favourite table by the window of the busy establishment. Bella had changed, she commanded attention, she dominated appeal, she made men melt with just a smile, there was something about her confidence that was overpowering, as if she may strike like a viper if provoked, Jodi found her terrifying. They stowed their handbags beneath the table and sat down, the tables around them fell silent. “So what have you been doing all this time,” asked Jodi.
“I came to ask you the same question, other than your stories and columns I have no idea what you have been doing.”
Jodi sported an air of relief, she felt Bella drop her guard on purpose, the offer of a white rose. “We have four children now, the younger twins are just starting school, we live not far from here, John has been away a lot lately.”
Bella raised her eyebrows, having only just spoken to him the vixen in her blood surfaced to cover her tracks, she raised her perfectly manicured eyebrows. “Really, how sad, has he thought of doing something else, what does he do?”
Jodi was puzzled and hesitated. “I thought you would know, he’s working out of Vauxhall Cross.” She awaited Bella’s reply but Bella failed to yield any facial expression keeping her cards close to her chest in a poker faced ploy.
“Oh, then why is he away so much?”
“I have no idea, he can’t tell me anything and I don’t ask. You have a man in your life.”
“Yes, Gerard, we have a son.”
“Oh really, what’s his name.”
“John,” Jodi froze, even the long locks of her blonde hair sat still.
Jodi hesitated. “John, how old is he?”
“He’s been in school two years.”
Jodi thought deep, her eldest had been in school the same time. “When did you meet Gerard, what’s he like?”
“After your wedding, we met in a visit to Paris with mum and dad while you were on your honeymoon, things happened quickly.”
Jodi was interrupted by the waiter, they ordered coffee. “Oh I see, he was born in France.”
“No he was born on British soil.”
Jodi dropped the line of questions and changed the subject. “You’re working.”
“Yes, Whitehall mainly.”
“With MI.”
“Information gathering for the secretary of state, bit boring really, bloody paperwork.”
Jodi smiled. “So were both stuck with it, I can’t complain I love what I do, I even work at home.”
“Jodi I’m worried about you.”
Jodi looked perplexed and shook her head. “Why?’
“Things aren’t always as they seem.”
Jodi’s face turned to stone. “God you sound like John,” she hesitated. “Why are you here?”
“Some of your father's employees and your work accomplices are conducting themselves in a manner requiring investigation and I know you have nothing to do with it. You need to distance yourself from some of them.”
“I see,” Jodi had only that morning received anonymous information that she should listen to a long lost friend that may bring solid advice. “Have you been talking to John, have you seen him, your not telling me the truth.”
“I’m telling you what you need to know.”
“My god that’s what John would say.”
“You know what I do, why act nonchalant in an effort not to offend. I have no idea where John is or what he’s doing no one does, that’s all I’m going to say, now you need to know this.”
“Is it you that sends the leads.”
“No, well, yes I have done when I’m worried about you.”
Jodi looked out the window with a scorn then back at Bella. “I can look after myself.”
“Don’t be so stupid, if it wasn’t for John you and I would be dead and a host of other’s we love.”
They sipped their coffee in silence a while avoiding each others gaze. “You have a name for me.”
“Hedley Pike.”
Jodi exhaled, then slowly nodded in approval. “Oh dear.”
“He’s hacking phones and throwing money around, he’s crossed the line.”
“I’ll talk to him.”
“You’ll keep away from him.” Jodi looked Bella in the eyes, she could see the serious derision vested in Bella’s look. 
“He’s protected by some.”
“That’ll change.”
“You came here to gloat.”
Bella gathered her bag and stood. “No I came because I love you,” she walked toward the door.
Jodi shouted to her. “Bella.” She looked around about to leave the entrance. “Sorry.” Bella smiled, waved and vanished. 
Jodi didn’t see which way she went, she thought it odd she could just disappear, she studied the lipstick marks on Bella’s unfinished coffee cup touching the only remaining reminisce of her dear friend. She sat for a while studying the bustling street while she finished her coffee when a young man, dark hair and shiny patent shoes, dark suit, stood over her. He brandished ID.
“James Felton MI5 Mrs Stanton, you know Bella Elizabeth Fonteyn.”
A booming voice came from behind him. “You beat off in the shower.” Felton looked around and gazed straight into the face of John Stanton. “You’re dead right, it’s none of my business, now on your bike.”
Felton pocketed his ID and shuffled away in silence. Stanton starred at two men of similar dress seated a table away from Jodi, they rose and hastily left. He sat down with his wife. “John, what an earth is going on, Bella was here, who are those men.” Jodi whispered, the café patrons looking over their shoulders.
“If Bella was here then it speaks for itself, those men are from our side MI5, seems we are making a splash and they don’t like the wake. You can’t come here any more Jodi, you will have to be taken to and from work, things have changed.”
“I like coming here, I don’t want to hide, what’s happening John.”
“You’re a smart lady Jod....”
“You know I don’t like that shortened assertion of my name.”
“Sorry love. Jodi you understand the separation of powers.”
Jodi pouted and nodded. “Yes of course I do.”
“Could come down to just a few people the way things are going, you’re organisations have some nasty powerful people lobbying the government to allow them to do whatever they please.”
Jodi stretched out and held her husbands hand. “Why us John?”
“Because we’re here love,” he squeezed her hand in reassurance. “Come on I’ll take you back to your office, you’ll be picked up this afternoon, I’ll call you and tell you what time.”
“You know I leave at five thirty.”
“And so does everyone else.”
Jodi put her hand over her mouth. “Oh my god the boys.”
“Are being picked up as well, will just have to be like that from now on.”
“You never tell me everything do you, I’d like the truth.”
“Handling the truth can be difficult, some things you need not know, they are on a need to know basis.”
Jodi noticed the handle of a gun holstered to the body of her husband beneath his jacket. “John you have a weapon.”
“Yes love, I always have one or we’d be dead, or at least I would.”
“What’s happening to us?”
“Nothing any different happening to me, it’s for you things change.” He took his wife’s hand and led her from the café, the chatted along Fleet Street and Stanton delivered his wife to her office. He then accessed the office of a one Hedley Pike just across the hall from Jodi’s and closed the door, Stanton left and a few minutes later Pike cleared his desk. He glanced at Jodi briefly who looked at him with scorn; he gazed at the floor and left the building with his belongings. From then on Jodi’s life changed.




CHAPTER THREE
Cat and mouse, everyday the same, Jodi became locked in a time capsule, wherever she went men in tweed suits followed her. Her husband would appear from nowhere and what she assumed to be protagonists would scamper away. She remained sain by doing what she had always done, immersing herself in work, she traced the life of a one Hedley Pike and found a little more than she bargained for. 
Pike was schooled in political science the son of a government minister, destined for supremacy in the world of journalism his education along the lines of politics began to make sense to Jodi. Once educated Pikes father a media mogul thrust him into mainstream Fleet Street and he became a pawn on a very big chess board. Hedley Pikes friends were all derived of Whitehall and he seldom if ever mixed in journalistic circles although he had been placed in a position of power and trust by his influential father. 
As Jodi pieced together the jigsaw, puzzle pieces conveniently dropped from the sky and although she tried she could not trace the source but could smell the tainted sweet perfume of Bella Elizabeth every time a jigsaw piece locked in. 
Then came the sickening blow, her own red haired side kick Jasmine Jackal was put firmly on the radar being linked to Hedley Pike. It began to make so much sense now, Jasmine elevated to stardom for no real apparent reason by Pike apart from revealing cleavage, long legs and late nights at the office. 
Jodi pried open the festering cauldron that was Jasmines past but could find nothing. Then as per standard application an email from unknown verification locked in a name change that would turn Fleet Street on its ear, Maria Verona Sabbotini, alias Jasmine Jackal. A red haired Sicilian holding British, Italian and French passports, Jodi’s heart sank to a low ebb. 
The more she pried the worse things looked, her perception of the journalistic realms of Fleet Street trashed as she built a resume of Pike and Jackal’s dealings. Quotations often used by her husband came to mind, things are not always as they seem. For the first time Jodi did something she would have never considered, she accessed Jasmines employment record, a no no set deep in Jodi’s conscience and noted information from Jasmines birth certificate. Her fathers name listed as Giuseppe Romulus Sabbotini, and her birth name confirmed to be Maria Verona Sabbotini, birthplace, Messina Sicily. Her mother French, Giselle LeGrande, for some unknown reason this rang a bell, Jodi had heard the name LeGrande before, she shook her head for recall but failed. 
Jodi pounded away in her on line search engine, names went direct to data bases, she took her hands from the keys squinting at the screen, deeply bound in thought and puzzlement. She shook her head slightly, but took the lead handed by some divine keeper of providence and read a dossier sourced from deep within MI6 memory banks.  Giuseppe Romulus Sabbotini, chairman of the Mediterranean branch committee of the Sicilian Mafia families, sitting member of the world Mafia committee. Jodi put her hand over her mouth as she drew a quick breath, “Oh my god,” she whispered.
She tapped the keys, Maria Verona Sabbotini, her computer was immediately given access to data bases of the French Secret Service. Maiden name LeGrande, musician, singer, alias Jasmine Jackal, Sain record company, Paris France, listed as enemy of the state by French authorities. Jodi then found the link from the back of her mind, sister, Louise LeGrande, operative French Secret Service, file classified. Jodi remembered her husband talking to a Louise in front of her on the phone at times speaking French, all made sense. 

She tapped in her own name, a cheeky smile filled her face. Jodi Ann Stanton, maiden name Simpson. Drop dead gorgeous wife of John Stanton, have a grand day princess, the screen went blank. Jodi put her hand on the top of her head wide eyed whispering under her breath. “Bloody hell John.”
Jodi was reminded many times by her husband information is on a need to know basis, she now had to work out what to do with it. Pike was part of the ministerial government corridors of Whitehall and Jasmine was Mafia family, Pike had voluntarily stood down after being confronted by her husband John Stanton. Jasmine was a close friend and talking to her would be painful, she contemplated a feasible approach. And what of the names that currently meant nothing featured as part of the incoming information fallen from the sky, Joel Renoir, Hans Reichmann, with a footnote remember these.




CHAPTER FOUR
Suddenly called away from her desk following current affairs Jodi had become oblivious to her mingling escorts protecting her every move. She often lit their cigarettes and commented the habit may kill them before their jobs. And then there was the fleeting glimpse of a man that looked like John occasionally, she thought she may be going mad the effects of work and public pressure building at the back of her mind. 
Carstairs Brandon and Wolverbrower, in big letters of gold above the marble steps and over the olden oak doors, Jodi stood on the Fleet Street pavement looking up biting her bottom lip. Not unusual to find chambers of law near the Royal Courts but why would Hedley Pike and Jasmine Jackal frequent these particular chambers on a daily basis, and whom made the call bringing her attention to the fact, a female voice claiming current affairs not Bella Elizabeth but a most refined English accent. Jodi noticed the curtain move at the bay window to her left, she could see a figure behind the lace curtain but couldn’t make out if male of female, the figure moved away. She boldly walked up the steps and about to push the intercom button on the wall, she was surprised to find the door latch clunk before she pressed the button, she pushed the antique timber surface near the centre where the two arched structures meet and the door whisked open. Thick and bulky it required no effort, she stepped inside and the door closed behind her, the smell and decor reminded her of Westminster corridors of power, wooden walls, floors, bees wax, brandy and cigar smoke. 
A refined middle aged lady wearing a grey suit appeared from the first door on the left as she looked down the long corridor, Jodi admired the high ceilings and ornate carvings making up the cornice. The woman walked towards her stopping just outside Jodi’s space and Jodi looked her in the face, the woman wore a false brazen smile and Jodi felt an immediate dislike, her grey suit and white shirt open at the front exposing an ample cleavage and the woman’s grey suit skirt would expose her underwear when seated, her stocking tops making it obvious she wore suspenders. “Can I help you,” she asked.
Jodi looked her up and down wearing a blank face making sure the woman was aware of her disapproval. “The men in the building help themselves do they.”
“I beg your pardon,” the woman dropped her chin looking from the top of her eye sockets.
“Id like to see the CEO.”
The woman held her head back with a sneer. “You have an appointment?”
“Yes thanks and Ill be late for it if I spend too much time here.”
The woman’s flawless face faultlessly prepared by plastic surgery and careful make up application took a look of bland hatred. “You require an appointment to see anyone here.”
“I didn’t catch your name.”
“Miss Pringle, and yours.”
Jodi chuckled under her breath. “Jodi, Jodi Stanton.”
Pringles eyes opened wide, she nervously pulled her skirt down and attempted to cover her exposed cleavage. “Em, your husband is John Stanton, you are a journalist from Simpson group a few doors down.” Jodi nodded. “Please forgive I thought your face was familiar.”
“The CEO, would you tell him I’m here and find out if he can see me?”
“Certainly, please wait while I see if Mr Reichmann can see you.” Pringle strutted back into her office cutting a formidable wake, Jodi sneered at the swaying body, Pringle’s short suit skirt riding up and exposing her suspenders. She came back to the door within seconds, “Mr Reichmann will see you now, second door on the right.”
“Hans Reichmann.”
“Gustav Reichmann, he has an elder brother also a barrister named Hans.”
Jodi walked swiftly passed Pringle standing in the door to her right, Jodi’s long blonde locks streaming out behind her brushed against Pringle as Jodi tossed her head away from her as she passed. Pringle withdrew and closed the door to her office, returned to her desk and answered the phone.
Jodi knocked on the second door to the right bearing Reichmann’s name. A few seconds and a middle aged blonde haired man with a prominent square jaw wearing a white shirt, black tie, suit pants and black brogue shoes. His tie caught her eye bearing the insignia of The Law Society. She suddenly recalled his face seeing him before at the Chancery Lane Law Society offices whilst working on court stories, he became agitated upon seeing her and visions of a British patriot conjured up by Jodi’s senses vanished when he spoke in an obvious German accent. “Mrs Stanton, what an unexpected surprise, please come in.”
Jodi frowned, she was used to people being awkward at first instance, a natural human response upon being confronted by prying journalists with power beyond control but something wasn’t right here. Carstairs Brandon and Wolverbrower had been a practicing law group since before the formation of the Law Society in 1825, why was a German now CEO. 
Reichmann watched Jodi waft past him, her pretty features, powerful bouquet, flowing blonde hair and flowery blue dress at close quarters jarred his concentration from defensive thought train to one of lust. He had seen Jodi at a distance but never so close as to smell and converse with her presence, this was going to be far more difficult than he predicted. Between the door and assisting with Jodi’s chair to make sure she was comfortable, a multitude of things raced through his mind, the final one as he sat down behind his desk was the fact John Stanton would know she was there. Jodi wore an inquisitive bland face, conjured up by years of experience depicting neutrality. “Gustav, you have a brother Hans.”
Reichmann nodded with a half smile, she caught him unaware. “Yes.” He blinked several times and fiddled with papers in front of him. “He deals with matters in the horse racing industry.”
Jodi pounced. “He was banished, some rather delicate affairs at Ascot.”
Gustav hesitated looking straight at Jodi. “He was responsible for what happened, he wasn’t involved, comes with the job.”
“Rubbish.”
Gustav drew a big breath, then exhaled with obvious disapproval. “Why are you here Mrs Stanton?”
“Hedley Pike and Jasmine Jackal attended these chambers on a regular basis, daily it appears, can you explain why.”
“You should be well aware we don’t discuss client affairs.”
“They attended during working hours, Simpson group working hours, that makes it my business.”
“You are an editing journalist not a Simpson representative of internal affairs, I would be willing to discuss such things with an appropriate member of your organisation.”
“Hedley Pike resigned, you must know that, he was handling internal affairs as was Jasmine Jackal for my father William Bradley Simpson.”
Gustav sat motionless, stopped in his tracks, he threw his pen to one side, his brain scrambled for direction. “Are you sure.”
“He packed up and left after my husband had a private conversation with him in his office.”
Gustav rubbed his mouth with his right hand and rolled his lips, he rubbed his hands together. “I'll talk to your father but am unable to talk to you any more, I’m sorry, I must insist you leave.”
“Would you rather speak to my husband, because frankly I think you’re an arsehole, my husband handles arseholes far better than I?”
Gustav coughed interlocking his fingers and resting his hands on his chest. “We deal with things within the law Mrs Stanton, rash demands and threats can get you into deep trouble.” Jodi got up and headed for the door, Gustav raised his voice. “And your husband is becoming a very powerful man Mrs Stanton, please sit down.”
Jodi stopped with her hand on the door know, she smiled looking at the door, she had found out what she wanted to know, she returned to her seat with an ace up her sleeve. “How did you gain control of Carstairs Brandon and Wolverbrower, I know the Wolverbrower family was originally German but Carstairs always controlled the group.”
“It’s a long story and I’m due in court.”
“If I leave it’s my husband, I may be your only hope if there is an ounce of patriotism in the truth.”
Reichmann hesitated, he tapped the table with his fingers briefly glancing at the ceiling, he picked up his phone giving Pringle instructions to hold his court appearance then gently replaced the receiver. “Your husband is currently rather heavy handed, the misguided and evil as he puts it have little chance when it comes to democratic justice.”
Jodi received more information, Reichmann obviously thought Jodi was privy to classified information and daily chats on MI affairs with her husband. She dug deep to see how far she could go. “Wilhelm Brewster the child molester and murderer, Carstairs had the case quashed due to discrepancies of law rendering valuable evidence inadmissible in court, he's been hidden away, you call that justice.”
“We have a system, sometimes it can be manipulated we know that, we can only go with fact available at the time.”
“Or bags of money from the Brewster family, millions of pounds to sway opinion.”
Gustav sighed. “One of the problems with the system is the amount of money required to operate within it. This continues to escalate, we continue to work on ways to make justice available to everyone regardless of wealth status.”
“So does my husband.”
“Wilhelm Brewster has been missing for months, efforts to find him by his family and friends have come up with nothing. The police believe your husband was involved in his disappearance, the girl involved was the daughter of a member of military intelligence.”
“Brewster was a friend of aristocracy, would you have represented an anonymous member of government police ranks, considered a common pawn to the point even his daughter was available for fondling, rape and murder by aristocracy. Can you give me one name from lower classes you have represented in a court of law anywhere?”
“Our services are far too expensive for the lower class.”
Jodi’s bold front was intoxicating; she pushed on with a stern look. “My husband works for free.”
Gustav looked puzzled, he squinted rolling his lips nervously, maybe she wasn’t as well informed as he thought. “Your husband’s services are very expensive I’m led to believe.”
Jodi dug deeper determined to find the reason she’d been sent. “You have paid my husband to work for you?”
“Certainly not.”
“Where do you base the facts to your statement?”
“Hearsay.”
“I can quote you on these things.”
Gustav pulled up, he lent forwards his elbows on the desk looking to one side, he looked down at the desk. “What exactly do you want Mrs Stanton.”
“I want to know why Pike and Jackal came here on a daily basis in my fathers time,” Jodi aced her ploy. “Do you know Jasmine Jackal’s father Giuseppe Romulus Sabbotini?”
Reichmann took a big breath, rose to his feet, walked to the door, he opened it and stood holding the door open looking back at Jodi. She had watched him, she stood up turning towards him as he spoke. “Have a nice day Mrs Stanton, I have an appointment.”
Jodi walked past him out the door, she turned with a scowl then a sly smile of confidence, Reichmann looked down, she walked briskly away out the door and stormed away down the street toward her office. 
John Stanton knew his wife well, he read her face, reaction and body language like an encyclopaedia. He crossed the road from the other side of the street, he watched his wife fade from view, he sensed partial failure in acquiring the information he was after. It was time to give Jodi more teeth than a tiger, he thought of the risks. He walked up the steps, he held a small box in front of the intercom security system, he pressed a series of buttons making beeping sounds and the door latch opened. He made his way inside, Pringle heard the footsteps and walked into the hallway, she found Stanton standing before her, she was taken by his handsome looks, gold rimmed sunglasses and full length leather coat. Stanton looked her up and down, her suspenders were just visible and she pulled her skirt down in embarrassment. “How did you get in here?”
“The door was open.”
“That’s strange Mr, I didn’t catch your name.” She pushed her intoxicating smile and bulging cleavage.
“I didn’t throw it, Gustav Reichmann where can I find him?”
“I can see if Mr Reichmann is free to accept you, do you have an appointment I have no record of it.”
“Mr Reichmann is not expecting me, excuse me I’ll find him myself.” He brushed past Pringle and she closed her eyes inhaling his expensive after shave and mentally seducing him, she turned toward Stanton as he silently moved down the hall. “Just down on the right, Ill be here if need anything.”
Stanton turned his head slightly. “I could imagine.” He focused on a door to his right, Pringle scurried back to her desk closing her office door behind her. Stanton listened, his ear turned toward the door, he heard the muffled sound of Reichmann’s voice, he couldn’t make out the conversation but clearly heard his wife’s name as Reichmann raised his voice in anger his German accent clearly matched the name of the door. Stanton stood back and with a lunge and heavy kick from his left foot the door flew open and he stood in the doorway.
Reichmann looked up, he slowly took the phone from his ear and put it down focusing on Stanton’s stone cold face, Stanton’s eyes hidden by his gold rimmed ray ban sunglasses darted around his eye sockets computing the rooms geography. He stepped inside, closed the door then lent on it with his back. “Gustav Reichmann?”
Reichmann remained still for a few seconds. “Who the hell are you, what do you want, we have security here you know, I push a button you’ll be escorted out.”
“John Stanton Mr Reichmann, I’m here about your meeting with my wife a few minutes ago.”
Reichmann hesitated, he thought deeply. “I have no idea what John Stanton looks like, you have ID.” Stanton chuckled under his breath, he drew a semi automatic pistol from his body holster and began to screw a silencer to the end of the barrel his eyes fixed on Reichmann. “That’ll do, I warn you I’ve called security.”
Stanton held the pistol in his right hand down by his side. “Waste of time, your security system is disabled. One of my organisations controls the systems you have installed on all of your buildings around the globe.” Reichmann began to stand. “Sit down!” Reichmann slowly sat back down. “My wife didn’t get the information she was after.”
“You have come here to kill me?”
“No, dead men tell no lies I’m after the truth.”
Reichmann swallowed. “If I tell you anything Id have to hide for the rest of my life surely you understand that.”
“Ahh, and there in lye’s a clue to survival, in a split second your very existence is subject to support from whichever quarter you can find it. Visit my wife and tell her exactly what she wishes to know, you work for me now Reichmann.”
Reichmann coughed, swallowed and clasped his hands together. Elbows on table he perched his chin on his hands. “An interesting chess game you present Stanton. I don’t wish to die and you don’t wish to kill me while I assist with valuable information.”
“I have information it’s verification I’m after.”
“I see then you’ll kill me, you’re a fool Stanton, one day you’ll make a mistake and that could be today.”
Stanton laughed. “Not today, its you whom have made the mistake. You’re not in a court room with all the aces up your sleeve and the controlling powers guarding your back. By all means attempt to contact you’re friends in power, your finished, they all work for me now.”
Reichmann drew a big breath with closed eyes, he opened them and Stanton was still there. “What do you want Stanton.”
“I won’t tell you again, walk down the street, visit my wife and answer her questions.”
“I can’t do that, we have you worried.”
Stanton unscrewed his silencer and holstered his weapon. “Then you’re on your own.” He opened the door behind his back and began to step backwards into the corridor. “A worried person sees a problem; a concerned person does something about it.”
Reichmann stood up pushing with his fingers on the desk keeping his hands in sight. “No wait.” He walked around his desk toward the door. “Can I make a phone call?”
Stanton about to walk away turned back to Reichmann. “I’ve wasted enough time, you’re finished.”
“I called someone, you’re wife’s in great danger.”
“And they’ll call me but I’ve already covered it, everyone you dealt with is in custody, dead or works for me, I was concerned so I did something about it. My wife’s fine, she’s in her office. You have the time it takes to walk from here to her or MI5 will be the next to knock on your door. Tell me about member 26.”
Reichmann looked at the floor shaking his head. “Mine god, member 0026 you know?”
“I said member 26, I never mentioned double zero, checkmate.”
“You’re a fool Stanton, leave me alive and I don’t care how long it takes I’ll rise again, gambling on loyalty may be you’re downfall.”
“You think so; I think there’s a difference between a gamble and a calculated risk, member 0026 was a master at defining one from the other. You better move, the clocks ticking.” Stanton walked down the corridor into the street, he noticed the lace curtains in the widow move, someone was behind them, he couldn’t make out whom, a figure. He walked across the street and vanished.




CHAPTER FIVE
Jodi wore a look of surprise that quickly turned to suspicion, Reichmann looked drained, his hair was untidy, he had forgotten to put on his suit jacket and he had removed his tie. He ran his hand across his head in an attempt to freshen up but it was obvious the wind had been taken from his sails. He paced up and down nervously in her outer office, she beckoned him and he anxiously scuffled in and sat down. She closed the door and locked here eyes on him as he sat down, she walked behind her desk, he averted his sight as he noticed her serious look and her piercing gaze. Jodi sat down looking sideways at him until he looked at her. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost Gustav.”
He again attempted to tidy his hair running his fingers through the matted mess from front to back, his accent had broadened tired and stressed. “You know whom I’ve seen, you knew your husband was coming in behind you, I was set up.”
Jodi twiddled with her pen, she tossed her hair behind her back, her eyes shot around as her mind calculated scenarios and response. “Really.”
“What can you do for me should I give you some valuable information?”
“Nothing.”
“What.”
“Rewarding crime makes no sense to me, if you’ve made mistakes I see no vision in reward.”
“But you’re husband implied I work for him now.”
Jodi blinked but held composure. “Then he must have some kind of reward in mind, I asked about Pike and Jackal.”
“I had little to do with the to and fro, Miss Pringle handled it.”
“Handled what.”
“The information trail.”
“I appreciate your German but put it in plain English.”
“Information from phone and computer hacking, members of parliament, industrialist, celebrities, anything we could make money from with legal threats.”
Jodi hesitated, her hands went cold and she stopped breathing for a few seconds. “People in this building hacked private phone conversations?”
Reichmann, his gaze fixed in his lap suddenly looked up from his disposition and squinted. “You act as if oblivious, your husband help with the set up did he, I hear the rumours from within the corridors of power. One and one is two, your husband is developing a powerful spy network, that’s what he does, put the results in reach of journalism and here we are, your father assists with operations I imagine.”
Jodi stood up taking Reichmann by surprise, he felt the air change and temperature rise. She perched on her fingers and looked down at him, her hair rolled around her shoulders and stopped when meeting the edge of the desk. “From your meagre perceptions you believe my father would allow conduct as you mention within the walls of this building.”
Reichmann became lost, he had unleashed a sleeping giant. “Careful, your husband may not be able to protect your interest, life or family, I can help. I have information on member 0026, for protection I can….”
Jodi stood up straight with her arms by her side. “Get out.”
“Don’t be a fool Mrs…”
“Get out!”
“Calm down we need each ot…”
“Get out!!” Jodi stormed to the door, opened it and with a look of pure rage looked daggers at Reichmann. “Get out!!”
Reichmann rose and shuffled out the door, Jodi followed him, she spoke to her secretary shocked by the rise in Jodi’s voice. “Have Mr Reichmann escorted to the street, where is my father?”
“He’s in New York Mrs Stanton,” replied her secretary, Jane.
“Have him return here immediately.”
“I’ll try.”
“Tell him if he’s not on a plane in an hour I’ll ring him myself.”
Jane picked up a phone. “Straight away.”
A security guard flanked Reichmann about to lead him away, Jodi turned to Reichmann with scorn. “I have never raised my voice to this lovely lady before in my life, I have no idea what you’ve been up to but I think we just blew the Wilhelm Brewster case wide open. Get out and don’t ever set foot in this building again, would appear my husband is due more respect than I ever considered.”
Jane held out the phone to Jodi. “Your father.”
“Forgive me Jane.” She took the phone. “Dad.”
“Jodi what on earth is going on, I’m in a meeting this is highly unusual.”
“Dad, get back here now I need you.”
“What’s the matter?”
“It is no longer safe to talk on the phone, please dad.”
Her father looked around the room at the glum faces gazing at his impromptu bad manners. He nodded. “Of course love, sit tight.” He hung up and rose to his feet gathering his things from the board room table. “Excuse me gentleman I have been called away.”
An American accent boomed across the table. “Were looking for direction here Bill, you cant just up and leave.”
Bill Simpson closed his leather case, rose to his feet and spoke as he walked toward the exit. “I just got more direction that I can handle, I shall be in touch gentleman.” 




CHAPTER SIX
Stanton was cold faced, looking into the murky waters of the Thames, a stocky middle aged man stood beside him a yard away. The windows of Vauxhall Cross looked over them, no one was within earshot, some men in black suits and a beautiful black haired women looked on out of earshot, the women’s name said it all, Bella. She drew the attention of all whom walked past, smiling, flicking her buttock length hair from one side to the other, man nor could women resist feasting their eyes on the ultimate weapon. She flashed her eyelids at a passing jogger, a young soccer player from Manchester, he tripped and fell, she smiled and offered her hand. He pulled himself to his feet and began to shuffle backwards away from the commanding gaze of Bella’s smile, he wiped his face where she had touched his hand and smiled refocused and sprinted away. While she was present no mind was paid to anything else leaving Stanton to talk freely to his counterpart. 
“You’ll have to be careful, Reichmann knew, he put the double zero before 26 when baited, we don't know how far this has spread. Using you as a deceptive counter measure could be a mistake.”
His counterpart flicked a match against his nail and lit his small cigar, he didn’t smoke. He puffed on the brown shaft blowing smoke into the air in an obvious manner. “Reichmann knows only of the member number, nothing else, don’t be drawn in to assist him, they have no idea who member 26 is, only that he exists.”
Stanton reached over, pulled the cigar from his counterpart’s mouth, the smoke wafted past his face, he threw the burning prop into the Thames coughing slightly and spitting towards it. He looked round at the dark haired square jawed man. “We have the information we wanted, withdraw.”
The man dropped his head looking at the top of the concrete footpath wall they lent on stopping them from falling into the Thames. “I’m sure there’s more, I need to go in again.”
Stanton wore a look of force squinting his eyes at his counterpart. “You had your spanners on the red head, you’re a victim of the testicle, your reassigned.” His counterpart tilted his head back looking hard at Stanton. “I know the moves your making to convince Hollis, continue the way your going and Ill leave you to the wolves.”
"The fact I suddenly disappear may reveal my identity should someone add two and two together they just may come up with four, or 26 in this case."
"So many in their midst are about to disappear you're absence will merely be assumed as assimilated. Deception is a tool, that's whey we're so often looking for it." 
His counterpart hesitated before levelling his head; he kept his hands in view placing them on the top of the concrete wall palms down. “You’re a hard man Stanton, the only person that knows the identity of member 26 is dead I made sure of that. How would you feel if you lost Bella?”
Stanton turned his head slowly toward his counterpart, enraged but spoke softly and slowly. “Unnecessary conflict can lead to poor decisions. Go near the red head again and I’ll have to act. There is a time and place for all things and you just got it wrong, should they find your lead is crap they look elsewhere.”
His counterpart sighed emptying his lungs then drew a deep breath, he nodded as he spoke. “Bloody politicians, why couldn’t I have been assigned to real people.”  He looked around to Stanton. “You’re right, don’t trust me anymore I’m tainted." 
Stanton looked towards Bella, she flared her nostrils and shook her hair down her back, the look of the vixen struck, he studied her for a few seconds. “These are the reasons we do things the way we do, loose focus and what you love may slip away, victim of what we despise.”
“Perspective John, you’re good at it. Forgive me should I fail you.” The man turned and walked away, Stanton watched until he faded from sight, his full length leather coat wafting in the afternoon breeze brushed against the strolling populous then, he vanished. 
Stanton looked at Bella with a short smile, she returned a look that melted his aching heart, he looked down at the pavement and could see a vision of Jodi, he looked back up and Bella had gone, so had the men in black suits. The eyes behind the windows of Vauxhall Cross turned away for a few seconds, Stanton vanished, no one could explain how.




CHAPTER SEVEN
Jodi stirred in her slumber; the recollection of difficult times loaded her mind. 
Jodi wondered if the new feelings she battled with were akin to depression, she had never had to battle such feelings and mumbled to herself ‘where was john when you needed to ask him a leading question.’ Surely he’d know about depression and what to do with it, her resolve and vision had not been affected but she had fallen into a black hole and battled to climb out. Everything passed in slow motion, she felt sick and bland, her decisions were sound but she questioned them, she trusted no one and probed into the slightest misconception or misaligned fact. An endless queue of staff entered her office with information she demanded akin to the truth, she only hours before would have considered petty. Annoying to herself and the staff the new found approach began to bear fruit, indeed she felt drained but pushed on regardless determined to have enough evidence to convince her father when he arrived. Depression, was it merely something genetic or an apparition of reality, could she now see where previously she was blind.
Her father looked tired and gaunt; he slept on the plane but battled jet lag. He found his daughter in his office surrounded by paperwork in the early hours of the morning, he thought she looked grey and gaunt, their genetics meet with a clasped hand and warm smile. “What an earth is happening to us, I run to you when you asked, I felt the need just before you rang.” Jodi held her father as he crouched over her, after an embracing kiss on the cheek he guided him toward a leather office chair along side her, he put down his case and jacket beside him on the floor, then pulled the chair beside his daughter frowning at the masses of paper on his desk. “What have you found that would cause such a disturbance in our aura?”
“We’ve been shafted.”
Her father looked wide eyed at her holding his head back. “Jodi!”
“That’s what John would say,” she handed her father a document, he took it and began to read. “And he’d be dead right, I’d like to approach it in a more elegant matter but what we’re dealing with is hardly elegant or commendable.”
William Bradley Simpson lent on the desk with his elbows reading the summary document prepared by his daughter, his face turned from grey gaunt to red rage in the two minutes it took to read the brief note. He lent back in his chair screwing up the parchment in his fist, he looked into space with a grey bland look gazing aimlessly at the wall of his office. “Wilhelm Brewster sexually assaulted and murdered the child, my god, we supported him through the entire trial on the front page of all our papers.” He got up and walked slowly across the room turning and leaning up against the wall opposite facing his daughter. “Pike and Jackal,” he shook his head. “Does it get any worse?”
Jodi looked at him elbows on desk, her expression said nothing. “There must be a reason John allowed this to happen, he knew this was going on, how can I forgive him.”
Bill lent his head against the wall looking up at the light. “John has drawn them into the open,” he looked back down at this daughter and cracked a smile. “Had these events not been stopped this would still be going on, if he watched this happen he had a very good reason. Neither I nor you would have been convinced of any of this without judicial proof, journalists like to be convinced before passing opinion, or at least we do.”
Jodi managed a slight smile as they forged ahead. “You’ll have to deal with personnel first thing in the morning, someone is loading the ranks with the evil and misguided as John would say.”
“I was in the process of hearing voiced concerns about the same when you rang, the board in the States are having to deal with questions from the CIA, your call was a blessing in disguise. Would it be too much to ask John whom we should question?”
“I want out dad, the children, I want to go to Australia, it’s the furthest I can go without leaving the planet.”
Bill sat down in the chair on the opposite side of his desk looking at his daughter, he took her hand clasping it between his palms, he took a deep breath. “What about John.”
Jodi looked down at the desk. “The vixen will get her way, damn her.”
“I asked about John, to say he loves you totally is an understatement and you know it.”
“If I stay we will be destroyed forever, distance will leave the vixen with a formidable foe way beyond her reach.”
“John will never give you up.”
“Then I’ll draw him away to a level playing field beyond the reach MI and the vixen.”
“Gambling with your inner self and that of the children’s.”
“I hear it often, there’s a difference between a gamble and a calculated risk.”
Her father nodded and smiled. “I would put my family before my work and so should you. I think you’re right, John would no more leave you be than I. I can restore our honour but only John can protect you from the evil and misguided he so ardently despises. Was it god himself that placed him in your arms?”
“Possibly, but the devil bitch from the black mansion takes him from me.”
Her father held her hand tight. “Bella is no more from the devil than I, and you love her as I. I would rather she would vanish but life bears many challenges. John has taught you well but you know deep down inside there is nowhere on the planet that you can hide John from Bella.”
Jodi took her fathers hands within hers and held them tight. “But I can use my husband's weakness as strength, his love for me. I know he will follow me to the end of the earth and that’s where we may have to go for peace and tranquillity.”
Her father chuckled. “Peace and tranquillity in John Stanton’s life, delusions of grandeur my love, John Stanton may be our only hope and separating him from his power base may just create hope.” He could see his daughter looked puzzled, he changed the clasp of hands again holding hers within his palms. “Separating powers is important for all of us, you may just be the one to achieve it, and we better get some rest for tomorrow will be a big day for us. France my love.”
“France.”
“The south of France.”
Jodi looked puzzled and lent her head to one side. “What do you mean?”
“John can still protect you while you arrange to move, I’ll clean up this mess it is of my own doing, the first rule of management, I am responsible for everything. We have a paper in Newcastle New South Wales Australia. It’s a good place to bring up children.”
“Dad, are you being straight with me, you’re talking different all of a sudden.”
“Johns father Lance and I have been friends for a long time, things are not as they sometimes appear my love.”
Jodi blinked nervously and looked away. She focused and looked back at him. “Where in the south of France?”
“St Jean De Luz, as far south in France as you can go on the Bay of Biscay, Monaco is not far away, John will have you guarded day and night.”
“Dad,” Jodi stood up hands on hips looking inquisitive. “You're not telling me everything.”
“Things are on a need to know basis love.”
“Oh my god, I’ve heard that so many times.”
“Yes, Lance Belvedere Stanton use’s it on me on a regular basis, I got used to it as well.”
Jodi sat down, the wind drawn from her sails. “When do I leave, you arranged that as well.”
“The day after tomorrow, a power yacht will take you to Calais and dock. A double will leave the ship but you and the children will stay on board. The boat will then cruise south along the coast to St Jean De Luz.”
“Dad!”
“We attend to business here tomorrow as if nothing is wrong. You leave to go home but will be taken straight to the docks.”
“Dad!”
“John doesn’t know petal, when he finds out he’ll be very unstable. I just thought this up myself. You’ll find out how much he really loves you. He won’t come to you until he runs the show, hell come don’t you worry.”
Jodi threw a pen across the table close to her hand. “Don’t worry, god, my Dad is worst than my husband.”
“You are all I have Jodi, John is the biggest insurance policy I can invest in, all it cost me was consenting to your marriage. Need is exchangeable, love is not.” Jodi got up and faced the wall her back to her father hands on hips. He got up walked round the table and put his hand on her shoulder. “Come on petal, without John we would have been gone long ago.” He held her round the shoulders hugging her from behind and whispered in her ear. “We can do nothing without him no matter how rich and powerful we become. Leave him for a while, he’ll come back if you let him and protect you far beyond my wildest dreams, that’s what I want, I can’t help anymore than this.”
Jodi turned and embraced her father, she wept on his shoulder.




CHAPTER EIGHT
Jodi launched headway into investigation of the Reichmann family, links became apparent amid the horse racing industry in Australia, dirty work it would appear. Pressure applied followed by legal action if persons did not comply. Jodi assessed the horse racing industry in Australia to be an intimidating entity controlled by a few people in direct power, she made a note in her diary; ‘they appear to operate with the integrity and approach of a car salesman.’ Disinterested in such things she pushed on, a horse purchased for her by her father called Mickey bolted and threw her after only a few rides as a young teen. Jodi learnt fast and a passion suddenly became a pastime to be treated with due respect. A new car, a birthday present when old enough to drive soon became the centre of attention, this had a clutch and brake and appeared to be a calculated risk. She still visited her ageing horse running wild in the Essex countryside; they are on first name terms and walk together often Jodi telling Mickey the woes of her life. She suddenly thought and whispered to herself. ‘Oh my god, Mickey, how will he and I cope with this.’
She contemplated other personal and family implications of living on the opposite side of the planet and the chosen option to relocate seemed grim. She split the white board in her office in two and listed the advantages on the left and the disadvantages on the right. Suddenly nothing made any sense at all. She sat down studying and running through the different scenarios each disadvantage come advantage displayed before her eyes always came back to safety of her siblings, something she never expected lifted it’s head, the safety of her husband. 
She drew a big breath and clasped her hands together with her elbows on the desk. She lent her chin on her fingers, she sat in silent contemplation and had to admit that separation in the eyes of all would give her and her husband lavish stealth even MI would be oblivious to. Could she successfully convince her husband she was leaving on the basis of inconceivable differences in opinion within their marriage and his infidelity with the vixen Bella Elizabeth, could this work.
In twenty years with sons so powerful in the realms of law and firmly in control of Australian media could this be the vision she would follow. John had taught her a lot, things were seldom as they seem. How solid would her resolve hold during such testing times, she made a vow to herself.
She muttered it softly to see if she rejected the theory. ‘My husband and I will become so powerful; we alone will control the separation of powers.’
She smiled, she felt secure in the statement, and she heard her husband echo in her mind. ‘Evil will reign when good people do nothing.’ She clasped her hands in prayer and closed her eyes. ‘God help us.’
She rose to her feet, walked to the white board and wiped it clean. She attended a board meeting called for attendance by all department heads no apologies and delegated responsibility, her father looked on with interest, he stopped nothing his only sibling put in place, he wondered but knew his daughter well.
Elderslie Jodi’s stately chauffeur was found sound employment with merchant bankers Hornswaddle and Fothrington, the powerful pair located in the fair city of Bristol sitting between the counties of Somerset and Gloucester was prime real estate. The Ivory tower of Hornswaddle and Fothrington was nestled in the city centre suburb of Broadmead. Their merchant banking empire had been built over several generations and the only real concern in life for the trust less pair was falling from the top of their wallets and being fatally wounded. Wilson Hornswaddle and Bartholomew Fothrington started work for their fathers direct from university and now controlled the empire as middle aged businessmen, when close friends William Bradley Simpson offered his daughter's faithful chauffeur Elderslie knowing their fathers faithful servant had just passed the pair seized opportunity, William had no suggestion he had been led by his cunning daughter. Elderslie was given the task of caring for Mickey her horse; he placed the steed in a nearby town called Flax Burton with new young horse whisperer Roger Palmer to see out his days in country splendour. The princely payment made to Palmer for the task saved his dreams, a meagre investment that would produce a black mountain only one little girl could climb. 
In the town of Scone, New South Wales, Australia, Glen Cumberland married his childhood sweetheart Susan. They would bear two children, one would be crushed by his passion, the other, a girl, would rise to win the greatest race in the land aboard such a steed none could challenge. The thunder of a black horse would unite all whom he touched and strike fear into the evil and misguided. Although Jodi prepared for these visions, she had no idea why but questioned nothing of her instinct.
Cynthia Lowestoft, friends with Jodi since primary school moved to the Hunter Valley in New South Wales Australia this very day, her husband had just completed his bachelor of arts in winemaking. Jodi made time to catch up with her for a short goodbye at Heathrow airport; little did Cynthia or anyone else know that was not the only reason Jodi and her children graced the airport. Not long after the tearful goodbye Jodi and her siblings boarded a private yacht, it silently left for its destination, St Jean De Luz in the South of France. 
John Stanton received a call from close friend Bruce Hurst MI6 cohort, he informed Stanton of this wife's departure. Stanton became thwart with anger and worry, for the first time he questioned and stood against the autocracy he had been moulded within, he yelled at the top of his voice, "In the name of the Mother". His family suddenly took precedence over all else, he made directly for Westminster. Jodi had succeeded in gaining control.




CHAPTER NINE
St-Jean-de-luz in the south of France to this time had escaped the urbanisation suffered by other French port towns to the north. Situated on the beautiful Bay of Biscay Jodi Stanton had taken her young family from the roar of maddening London to virtual tranquillity in the old port town. Famous for its pirates and corsairs of the 16th to 18th century tourism had not taken commanding hold and one could sit back and think of the future. Held up on an upper level villa overlooking the harbour Jodi had however noticed two neatly dressed men trailing her every move. Her long flowing hair became trapped beneath her behind when she sat down, her slim but curvaceous body she considered to have done her no good attracting the attention of every man's optic nerve that beheld her. 
Today was not a good day, her four children played below on the beach in sight all the time, the story was she had just informed her employer in London a major newspaper she would not be returning to work, the circumstances surrounding her disappearance was never stated but led people to believe that hiding behind doors had finally got to her and she wanted a taste of freedom. She fought the vision of her husband that kept nagging at her mind, childhood sweethearts they had married at seventeen and she became Mrs Jodi Stanton. Intoxicated with her husbands love and endearing manner it took some years to find out exactly what his occupation was. Amid the first ever argument as low key at it was the pair experienced John Stanton told his wife of the blood dripping from his hands and the immense power and vigilance he possessed, she had no idea he was an MI6 operative. She questioned the computer information and reference material her husband studied in such early stages of development when at home and found identification documents under several names bearing his picture. Her husband spoke four languages fluently, she had no idea. She found a stash of weapons hidden in their home, this was the last straw. Whilst attempting to hack her husbands phone from the ivory tower that was her employer to find out more she was surprised to be confronted by her husband who knew exactly what she had been up to. 
Once she was aware, paranoia gripped her life, she loved her husband dearly but became distant, she knew the hands that caressed her so delicately with endearing love were the hands of a murdering patriot sworn to protect the corridors of British democracy. She became confused, drained, she struggled to accept the status quo, and she began to despise the men in suits that followed her everywhere, she recognised a method in all the madness, this came as a surprise but the transformation was complete. Feeling in harms way and out of control she took command as always in full control of her life, destiny struck with a vengeance.
She looked down into the street from her villa and there they were again, the men in suits, looking over her children like they were freaks. She became filled with rage and headed down the stairs gripping everything she touched with hands overflowing with fury. On the stairs she ran into Bruce Hurst her husbands close compatriot, she wasn't surprised, more relieved. "John sent you," she asked eagerly, although composed she looked drawn and tired.
"Yes, just to talk to you for a few seconds or your body guards will become suspicious. They have no idea I'm here, they'll be aware you have left your villa, this spot is the only spot surveillance is impossible."
"Can you tell John the wait for him will be the worst part of my life?"
"He sends the same message; you understand who you are now and what is at stake."
"Yes."
"You must live as if you were under surveillance at all times, never drop your guard; you know John is the master when it comes to these matters."
She looked away. "Please go, tell John I love him." She looked back after a few seconds and Hurst had vanished, she shuffled down the stairs refocusing, she managed a slight smile and looked forwards to a good nights rest if there would ever be such a thing. 
She crossed the quiet street and confronted the men in black standing no more than two metres away. "You, are you English."
A young fresh skinned man with dark hair and sunglasses remained calm. "Yes I am Mrs Stanton."
"So you are my husband's dogs."
"I am instructed to make sure no harm comes of you."
"Who's this other one, cat got his tongue."
"Je suis également ici pour Madame de votre sécurité"
"Don't you speak English."
"Yes madam."
"Well when you address me would you kindly use it?"
"As you wish madam."
She turned back to the Englishman. "I'm going to Australia if you didn't already know, it's a far as I can get away from this. Is my husband still alive?"
"Of course he is Mrs Stanton."
"Simpson, my name is Simpson."
"If you prefer to be addressed as Mrs Simpson fine."
"Tell my husband I love him and I never want to see him again."
The young man hesitated. "I think I'll let you tell him that Mrs Simpson, the bearer of such news would be in great danger if not directly involved."
"You are frightened of my husband so much you can't take a simple message to him."
"If I had just lost you and these children, I would surely be unstable and confrontational. Fear is not an emotion I posses but knowing my limitations is."
The Frenchman butted in looking Jodi up and down peering at her cleavage. "Vous êtes tendue Madame, vous avez besoin peut-être je peux aider."  'You are uptight madam, you have needs perhaps I can assist.'
Jodi looked daggers at the man. "You filthy pig."
The British operative pushed his hand into the Frenchman's chest pushing him back an arms length. "Are you mad, put your hands on her whilst in the line of duty or any other time come to think of it and Stanton will hunt you down and kill you."
Jodi hesitated. "Perhaps my husband does have his uses." She called her children and led them back to the villa. She watched out the window, the two men argued and the Frenchman was seen to leave.
Followed by a never ending trail of strangers in suits wearing sunglasses Jodi payed them no mind, the offending Frenchman was gone but another took his place. After a short visit from her father supposedly in Monaco she made her way to Paris four children in tow and boarded a plane to Australia, destination Sydney. She suffered no legal or moral attacks from her husband and battled with the fact that to remain stealth should they initiate such conduct to remain stealth. 
Upon putting her feet on Australian soil pondered what she had done; there was an enormous hole in her life. She immersed herself in work acquiring a position in the port town of Newcastle north of Sydney with the local newspaper as a political reporter and analyst, the management nor staff had any idea her father owned the empire, by means of the impossible she was just a mother running away from her husband to bring up her children in a place of safety and solitude. She immediately became respected and loved.
One of her first stories was the plight of young aboriginal children derivative of the stolen generation, a story she found harrowing caused by the very realm from which she was born. She became involved and supported a pair of young boy destined for incarceration, the Page brothers. Jodi fostered one the elder to take up study in boarding school, the other was unfortunately lost to walkabout and the judicial system. From boarding school the young boy surname Page refused to ever mention his first name, disturbed by the plight of his brother he turned a corner and eventually entered the state police academy. By divine guidance Jodi would cunningly have her husband and young police recruit Page meet in coming years, she knew her husband well and hoped he would see what was so painfully obvious in the young man. Her assumptions were not without premonition; The Cadiche Man would again stalk the Australian landscape.




CHAPTER TEN
Bar beach Newcastle was a nice spot, the sea air clean and fresh, the high ground above the sandy beach between sheer rock faces stopping the crashing waves was fine solitude. After renting a property for over a year Jodi purchased a substantial dwelling with commanding views of the beach. She detested one thing, the lines of coal ships visible on the horizon awaiting loading at the Newcastle coal port one of the biggest in the world. 
The children had safe access to the beach facilities and she could always see where they were, after the cool and harsh winters of England the children made the most of their new environment. Jodi struggled to have them study a downside she had failed to consider the boys and Lola spending endless hours surfing and enjoying beach life. The black Mercedes was always there, faces came and went but the vehicle was always present, Jodi became oblivious to the shadow of her husband. If the children were at the beach she at least felt reassured as the black Mercedes or Jaguar was always in line of sight of her siblings. 
Her twin boys entered university studying law, Lola the picture of her mother was plagued with an endless row of young men wanting to hold her hand. The black sheep of the family her eldest son was of his father, nothing could stop him returning to England when graduating from high school and entering a military academy. Fearless and decisive she could see everything in her husbands DNA grow before her very eyes. Jodi’s heart yearned for his quiet distinctive manner, everything she loved about his father was obvious, but she watched the clone of her husband board a plane, the last she ever saw of him. Laden with patriotism fate may have its day and she could do nothing about it.
Time passed, Jodi became embedded in the political reporting of the Australian federal parliamentary scene. The lone black Mercedes or Jaguar turned into two, then three. She noticed these changes but failed to pay mind to exactly why. Lola married and made a home neighbouring her mothers and produced Jodi a granddaughter, Jasmine. Her twin sons graduated as lawyers and set up practice in George Street Sydney. 
Jodi began to run into trouble, her beauty was a curse, she commanded dominance over the political scene and through the bedroom wrote stories that often brought down powerful members of government. She was put under surveillance by the Australian Federal Police and Australian Secret Intelligence Organisation. Feeding them information purposely for use of her position dead ends investigated by the Australian authorities led to more intensive surveillance. Then one day;
She felt an uncanny connection, she could plainly see her husband in her mind, and she could feel him close. She rushed to the commanding lounge room bay window and stood behind the lace curtains, she trembled with postulation looking down into the street below, her ears picked up a commanding roar of a growling V8 engine. She froze, a magnificent red and chrome car slowed passing by her window, the windows rattled struck by the growling engines aggressive sound waves, she had no idea what kind of car it was but she recognised the drivers square cropped greying hair, it was John Stanton her husband. She put her hands over her mouth and slowly shook her head, “Oh my god John, how I’ve waited.” She mumbled.
She ran to the door flinging it open and rushing down the steps to the street, in a cloud of smoke and a deafening roar the car had vanished. She wept in her hands, not because she was upset but because she was overjoyed. She slowly walked back inside standing at the bay window waiting, her hands over her mouth trembling and damp from tears dripping from her nose. The red car roared back past, it stopped directly below her, again it left its trade mark on the road in a cloud of smoke and deafening roar, Jodi sat down in view of the window on her lay back lounge chair still weeping. The black Mercedes had gone, replaced by a far more ominous presence and one that wished to be known. How long would she have to wait before she could hold him, and from where did this red horse originate, was he and had he been closer than she thought? 
She rushed to her computer and nervously put in the registration number of the vehicle to a search engine graciously bestowed on her by she knew not whom. Pictures of the very car on show somewhere immediately graced the screen, she read the press release accompanying the pictures. ‘Newcastle resident and recent British migrant John Stanton’s incredible 1969 Boss Mustang, said to be the most incredible vehicle ever judged in the Sydney annual motor show open modified class. The supercharged five hundred cubic inch weapon features maximum reliability and power one of a kind for a daily driven vehicle. It is the first time one vehicle has won five different classes of the major Australian car show. Some parts of the vehicle are that high tech judges were off limits when it came to close inspection and questioning. The vehicle driven by owner builder John Stanton also won the burn out competition and fastest standing four hundred metres ever covered by a road going vehicle. John Stanton was quoted as saying, ‘the car was a labour of love, the horse is dear to me and a classic mustang said it all when it came to the power of the horse.’
Jodi looked up, she heard his voice in her mind. ‘Six black horses.’ She smiled and mumbled to herself. “Of course, six black horses, the tomb of the unknown soldier, a message to all, including me.” She read the remaining sentence.
John Stanton assured the media the growling red menace would become a regular sight at shows and rod meets. 
In the days to come Jodi heard the car but never saw it as hard as she tried, then the black Mercedes reappeared after a day of absence of the red pest, it pulled up and a man in black knocked on the door. 
Jodi answered the knock with an inquisitive face. “Mrs Stanton or Simpson.”
“Yes.”
The middle aged man handed Jodi an envelope, he nodded with a forced smile, walked down the steps to the waiting car. Lola arrived in the driveway, Jodi waited as she made her way to the front door. “Someone called and said you needed me here straight away.”
Jodi shook her head, then looked at the letter. She became stone faced, pale, Lola followed her inside and closed the door. They sat down at the kitchen table, there was silence, the envelope bore the crown of the realm and was sealed with the wax seal of MI6. Jodi broke the seal and gently pulled out the heavy white parchment A4 opening it with her perfectly manicured hands. She read out loud to Lola. 
“Dear Jodi, Lola, Robert and Anthony Stanton, 
It is with great sadness and regret we inform you your son and brother, Luke Lance Stanton, has been killed in Libya yesterday, whilst carrying out his duties as a member of Military Intelligence. 
Our thoughts and prayers are with you at this difficult time. 
Your husband and father John Stanton has currently been rushed to France to investigate the circumstances; Luke was involved in operations with the French Secret Service within Libya.
We are sure you are aware of the delicacy of this matter although it be under such tragic circumstances. The conditions of the situation permit this be the only briefing concerning the matter and we cannot publicly support any leaks of this tragic event, many lives depend on the stealth required of such matters. 
Again we stress the thoughts and prayers of all are with you at this tragic and difficult time. 
Yours Sincerely
Adam Hollis.
Secretary of State, Westminster, UK.
As they held each other and wept openly the letter clutched in their hands below their chins, the tears struck the parchment and it decomposed before their eyes leaving only a powder on the old oak table top.




CHAPTER ELEVEN
Weeks past, they turned into months, the black Mercedes stayed. The family continued life as if nothing had happened. Held together by the strong hand of their mother they were unable to discuss closure regarding their lost family member nor gather any intelligence about what happened to him. 
Jodi became bitter and began to blame her husband, it appeared he had deserted them after being so close, he was a few steps away then this shattering experience. She began to depose him in the press, she thought it may bring him to the surface, she was right, again she got her way.
One fine morning whilst eating breakfast with Lola in her kitchen, Jodi froze and listened looking into space, she smiled, Lola looked positively puzzled.  “Mum, are you okay?”
Lola became aware of the aggressive rumble then a deafening roar as smoke filled the street spreading the distinctive aroma of burnt rubber through the open windows in the morning air. Jodi rushed to the bay window but the fire breathing monster had gone, “Thank god,” she muttered. Lola came and stood beside her peering inquisitively out the window, the smoke began to clear, the spotless red Mustang rumbled to a halt below them on the return run after turning round in the cul de sac at the end of the street. It again left it’s burnt rubber trade mark on the roadway and vanished in a flash. 
“Bloody kids,” remarked Lola.
Jodi had concentrated on recognising the driver, he was no kid but her husband. Jodi held Lola tight chins over each others shoulder. “Yes, bloody kids.” She let her daughter go and with a refreshed glow sat back down at the kitchen table and continued her breakfast.
Lola walked back to her seat but stood looking sideways at her mother. “Mum, have you got a boyfriend.” Lola folded her arms and tapped the ball of one foot on the floor. “Okay, come on mum, its that member of parliament Graham Billet isn’t it, you should be ashamed of yourself, does the man really have to carry on like that to impress you. God give me strength, my mum and a married man going through a mid to late life crisis.”
Jodi looked daggers at her daughter. “Not so much of the late thank you, how about you feed your face and finish breakfast to shut you up.”
“You are sixty mum, where did a prune like Billet get a car like that, I can’t believe he’s that cool.”
“Lola! Drop it please.”
“Somewhere I have a father that jumps from aircraft and maintains the separation of powers and you link up with a prune like Billet.”
Jodi shot to her feet and snapped at her daughter. “Where did you hear that?”
Lola got what she wanted, the answer to a baited question. “So it is true, my dad is really someone and he was driving that car wasn’t he.” Jodi sat down taking no notice of her sibling. Lola sat down next to her mother with a look of determination. “My dad is not exactly the failing disinterested arse hole you make him out to be is he, he was the one that broke my boyfriends arm when he found out he was dealing heroin in the final year of high school, am I right?”
Jodi looked down and barked aggressively. “Lola.”
“The payments for our university fees, the payment for my house, the payment for Anthony and Roberts’s business and homes, they originated from a place called Foulness Island in Essex England.”
Jodi continued to resist, she looked daggers at her daughter. “I will not ask how you know such things, I am shocked you would probe into private files, I did not bring up an untrustworthy thief.”
“Anthony and Robert told me, they found the information by accident, of course you brought us up well.” She got closer to her mother standing over her, her mother looked down and away resisting eye contact. Lola growled. “My dad is not a security guard in London named John, my dad is John Stanton isn’t he.”
“Lola, enough.”
Lola screamed at the top of her voice standing over her mother. “He’s not a security guard, my dad is John Stanton MI6 operative isn’t he!!”
Jodi shot to her feet locking eyes with her daughter screaming back at her with tears running down her cheeks. ”Yes he is!!” They stood looking at each other, the atmosphere over a few seconds settled, they regained focus as tears sprung from the corners of Lola’s eyes, a gesture of relief from her heart. Jodi took her daughter in her arms holding her tight as she sobbed uncontrollably. She whispered in her daughter’s ear, “Yes, your father is John Stanton, and you should be very proud of him, he’s come home. Let’s hope he feels as welcome and loves us as much as I love him.”
Lola spoke between bought of sobbing uncontrollably. “Anthony and Robert gave me books to read he wrote, I was never to tell you.” She regained composure wiping her nose and eyes on a table napkin, they sat down at the table holding each other. “They gave me stories to read about John Stanton, ruthless assassin for the British government, keeper of the separation of powers. Why was without him as a child, why do you write terrible things about this man in the press. Please mum I’m so lost about this.”
Jodi took control. “Never tell your brothers you know your father is the John Stanton of MI6, the walls have ears.”
“You told me he was a clerk working for the army as he failed the medical for regular service and became a security guard. Luke was just like my dad wasn't he, he looks just like the few pictures I have seen of my dad when he was Luke's age.”
Jodi smiled and helped her daughter dry her face and arrange her hair. “If you consult records kept by the British army that is what you’ll find. Your dad beyond those records is a man with no identity or record, he doesn’t exist. That’s why he’s still alive, you can’t kill someone who doesn’t exist, nor can you find him, he finds you. He’s found us, soon he’ll come home, or I sincerely hope he does. Please Lola, this is the last we ever speak of it. We should not speak of Luke either, like your father he didn’t exist. He will live in our hearts and minds, to me that is enough for even the biggest of kings turns to dust and blows in the same wind. It’s what Luke achieved and stood for that warms our hearts. Your father works very hard and money has never been a problem for us, but money cannot buy principals and wisdom, that’s why those whom are rich, evil and misguided have none. Your father is the pinnacle of principals and wisdom and I love him for who he is, when you get to know your father you will find he is more than a myth or a book.”




CHAPTER TWELVE
It was another fine morning the following day, before the sun rise Jodi gazed out her bay window over the sea, she was drawn to a walk along the shoreline, up the rise from the beach to the north and along the top of the cliff face among the parks and gardens to Sheppard's Hill Lookout. 
She had been drawn to this spot before, there was an uncanny feeling of euphoria standing atop the cliff face holding the guardrail listening to the crashing waves on the rocks below. She felt at ease and close to something or someone absent, the sun rose over the water, she had felt the power of it strike her face enlightened by the experience. 
Dressed in a plain blue track suit she ventured out walking briskly her hair flowing out behind her, she thought of Lola and how she would be coping with life as it sat currently, she planned to check on her return. She greeted the occasional jogger and walking couple in the fresh morning sea air, she crested the steep climb to Sheppard’s Hill and there in the distant car park was a gleaming black Harley Davidson eager to glimmer once the sun struck its polished surfaces. 
As she got closer she suddenly stopped in her tracks, the black leather clad rider stood motionless. She beamed a smile and broke into a jog, she passed behind the man with a greeting, “Morning,” but he did not respond. John Stanton stood motionless with no expression, not even a blink; the sun split the water with its piercing gold light as it made its presence known and heralded the start of the day. It shot across his face, Jodi felt the warmth as she jogged backwards and with a ricochet from his gleaming Harley Davidson parked behind him and lit the back of his black attire, she could see he was focused and His mind drifted as he relived the past. 
Jodi stopped jogging and was about to walk to her husband and put her hand on his shoulder, a man in a suit approached standing next to her husband, she recognised him from the corridors of Canberra. Holmes, member of the Australian Federal Police, she stopped turned and jogged away. She stopped clear below them on the side of the hill and watched from behind the cover of thicket bushes. 
They stood for some minutes before engaging in conversation for a comparatively short period, as Holmes walked away he turned, reached inside his suit jacket pocket and handed her husband an envelope. Holmes left, her husband walked to his Harley Davidson, answered his mobile phone, then roared away south towards Bar Beach. Jodi had no idea just how much she would need her Vigilante husband, as moves in Canberra to eliminate the beautiful manipulating journalist Jodi Simpson had already begun. 
Jodi walked briskly towards home as directly as she could through the streets to save time, she heard the roar of her husband's bike and a police siren, both heading towards the area of her property. She broke into a jog and mumbled to herself, "Bloody kids."
She found Lola and granddaughter awaiting her arrival sitting on the step admiring the view, Lola spoke as Jodi climbed the steps hunting for breath after her jog home. "You missed all the action, the police chasing a motorcycle from Bar Beach car park through the streets below here, the guy on the bike was like so cool, the roar of his bike just suddenly stopped somewhere across the hill not far away, it just vanished. The police car is lurking around there as well, I think it was just a young guy stirring the cops up."
Jodi threw her hair down her back, sat down beside her daughter and sat her granddaughter on her lap. She wore a smart smile but hesitated before speaking. "It was your father."
"In the cop car?"
"On the bike."
"No way!"
Jodi gazed at the other houses along the ridge and face of the hill. "I wonder how long he's been there, watching over us, waiting." The police car had passed Jodi hunting for the black Harley Davidson, she recognised the driver. "The police car is driven by the Cadiche Man."
Lola stared at her mother mouth wide open. "The aboriginal policeman they call the Cadiche Man, why would he be chasing dad?"
Jodi pouted then smiled, she chuckled. "Why indeed, the separation of powers."
Lola dropped her head and looked from the top of her eye sockets. "Mum, please explain."
"Lola you should wear something that actually covered the private parts of your anatomy, where on earth did you get that outfit, hardly worth the effort to put it on."
"You gave it to me you used to wear it all the time, guys in their late teens whistled at you...."
Jodi's attempt to change the subject had failed miserably; she shook her head with a grimace and interrupted. "The Cadiche man and the Vigilante, some major news items are begging to make sense, it's a long story." Jodi stood up holding her granddaughters hand. "You better come inside."
They went inside leaving the main door open and locking the screen door making the most of the brisk morning air.




CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Now in the deepest of slumber, even the most torrid recollections failed to stir her;
Some of Jodi’s focus was sidetracked, but she pressed on determined to maintain equilibrium. She had recently in Canberra asked a leading question on a missing shipment of Australian weapons in Afghanistan. Her ravishing beauty and ladylike manner made her popular among the aristocracy of Canberra and only a chosen few had been singled out for special treatment by the beautiful journo. A shipment of missing arms looked to be of interest especially if it gained the attention of her husband and brought him back home. 
Graham Billet federal member for the local parliamentary seat of Hunter was also minister of defence, these combined roles and the fact Jodi was a journalist hell bent on having her husband return made Billet a pawn in the chess game. She also found she could use Billet to launch attacks on her husband under parliamentary privilege when she was at her lowest, these things suddenly took on a dark tone she regretted. She pushed on, spilt milk cannot be returned to the cow.
Jodi’s Newcastle office was at the rear of the building because she liked the view of the sea, the front of the high rise building fronted one of the main streets and reminded her of Fleet Street, the view was far from what she considered acceptable, she had become accustomed to the coastline so the smaller bland office was of no consequence when it came to character. Her office had remained bland and free of clutter or extravagance, it was dear to her as her father had behind the closed door visited in the strictest confidence many times although it was now well known who her father was among the staff she rejected control and remained a journalist. 
She banished disaster from her dreams, the vigilante returned and she found herself flying back to England her arms outreached just above the waves.
She met Bruce Hurst at the airport, she was ushered away behind closed doors, and she hated it. She demanded to be allowed to visit her Fleet Street office, her father was unaware of her presence in London. He was taken back when she walked into his outer office flanked by Hurst. He greeted the pair and Jodi was permitted to talk to her father alone. Jodi took in the smells and feel of her bygone environment. She snuggled down in the leather chair opposite her father and their was her old desk, carved roses on the legs, her father had never told her of such allegiance but she could see the despair of loss in his face but felt a sense of pride in his presence. 
He looked strained and fiddled with an ornate ring on his left hand bearing the insignia of the Masonic lodge, he lent over and kissed his only sibling on the cheek, at the age of eighty three he was surprisingly spritely. Jodi did not realise he had taken the helm full time since the recent death of her mother. “I’m sorry love I should have told you.”
“Dad, you’re the last person I expected to find here.”
“Please love time’s are hard without you’re mother, no doubt you appreciate how I feel you have been without John for many years now.”
“He’s back, he sent me here.”
Her fathers wrinkled wise face read like a road map. He hesitated. “John is a very powerful man, no one could have foreseen how powerful he would become. If he sent you here he had a damn good reason, can you tell me why.”
“He didn’t send me to see you, I brought my supplied entourage here kicking and screaming, and you haven’t been to see me at home for over a year.”
“Home.” He hesitated. “This is your home Jodi.”
“No dad, I’m an Australian. As soon as I landed I felt like an alien, perhaps a few days in the countryside may shift my feelings, I miss the beach, the sea air, the bright blue sky.”
“Good god, when I’m gone you will have to take the helm, the power base is here, right in this room. You say I haven’t been to see you’re for over a year but you have not been to see us in over five.”
It was obvious how hard it was, etched in Jodi’s face painful memories were put on hold. “Coming here is wonderful, at the end of the visit we have to leave everyone, I’ve had trouble facing it again. I could have come back anytime I admit, I have enough problems without creating more I can manage by questionable means.”
“I know what you mean, we are on opposite sides of the earth, you with a new branch of the family have done so well. I withdraw my previous comments they are selfish and unnecessary.”
“What’s happened to you dad, you’ve changed so much.”
“So have you my love, when together these changes pass without notice as they happen slowly. The longer we are separated the more obvious they become when we meet.”
“I had to make sure I saw you dad, no one is supposed to know where I am but I want you brought to me so we can spend a day or two together.”
“What’s going on?”
“I did something stupid.”
“Regrets, I have many, hard things to live with the older one gets.”
“I’ll never forget this one and surely will never forget it, it brought John back to my doorstep.”
“He never left your doorstep petal, he just stayed outside the door, is he back inside now.”
“Yes, and what an entrance, I’m battling to contemplate the wake.”
“I’ve said this before, if John does something he would never act unless he had a good reason.”
“Don’t worry he had a good reason, by tomorrow afternoon you can visit the rest of the family staying with me.”
“I’ll enjoy that, unexpected.”
“Yes, now I have to go or Hurst will be in here rattling the cage.”
“Bruce Hurst.”
“Yes.”
“I thought he was dead.”
Jodi hesitated, she frowned and looked puzzled. “Why?”
Her father rolled his lips in, bitting his bottom lip before speaking. “The media grapevine, when it comes to MI usually unreliable.”
“Bruce is here, he has what can only be described as a small army with him.” She watched her fathers face with interest.
“Mmmm,” he clasped his fingers together interlocked resting his elbows on the table leaning his chin on his hands, Jodi was familiar with the genetic trait. “If I had a fraction of your husbands power I would be a dangerous man, John is a rare character. Thank god he’s your husband for I cannot protect you as he.”
Jodi stood and walked to the door, she opened it and Hurst stood directly outside, he nodded to William Bradley Simpson. Jodi turned before walking through the door. “Bruce will pick you up to visit us in the next twenty four hours, if it’s not Bruce don’t go.” 
Her father nodded as his daughter walked briskly away followed by Hurst and with two other middle age men in suits in front of his daughter. He drew a big breath and lent back in his chair, his heart was heavy with emotional pain.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Jodi found it difficult walking through the Fleet Street office complex and a day at a country retreat she had no idea of where, settled her down, the smell of crispy bacon, poached eggs and fresh tea at breakfast. Wherever she went Hurst was only metres away, during an afternoon walk in the extensive garden far out of sight of any other dwelling other than the castle like building on the grounds, she confronted Hurst. “Bruce do you really have to follow me everywhere, sleeping in my room, god I feel like a prisoner.”
Hurst continued to scan the landscape as he spoke, his suit was showing signs of needing maintenance and he was unusually unshaven. “John currently moves among the power base of Australian politics, he’s sanctioning people in power. There was a valid threat on your life, John is my closest friend, ally and mentor, you seem to be treating with a lack of concern.”
“For god sake Bruce half way round the world, in the middle of nowhere, what an earth can taking my life prove to anyone.”
Hurst looked sad, he dropped his head for a second before scanning the landscape. “We lost Gled at the airport yesterday, seems a similar attitude you have displayed by me on your arrival needed addressing.”
Jodi swallowed, she looked blank and crushed, she sat down on an ornate bench under a tree nearby. Hurst followed her and sitting with his back to the giant oak scanned the horizon in front of him. “Gled didn’t really exist did he, like Luke.”
Hurst looked at the ground for a few seconds, he sighed. “That’s correct, I only tell you to reinforce the seriousness of the situation, his death reflects the lengths some will go to destabilise your husband.”
“What happened,” Jodi looked at the neatly cut grass beneath her feet, the tang mixed with cultivated flowers and water lilies in the light breeze.
“It’s not important.”
Jodi looked at Bruce staring into his eyes. “I beg your pardon, a man gave his life so I may live. I have never heard such a meaningless statement.”
Hurst drew a big breath and stood up, he fidgeted in his suit pockets nervously. “He recognised hired muscle waiting at the airport gate you were due in at, the problem was they recognised him as well. In an attempt to beat information from him on a visit to the washroom he fell and struck his head. I and another operative were a few seconds late checking why he was being so long. We dispatched his adversaries with silenced gunfire, three of them, but Gled died instantly when he struck his head. The muscle was Middle Eastern, this is very serious Jodi.”
“Thank you, does Gled have family.”
“Yes he does.”
“Were they notified in the same manner as I with Luke?”
“Yes.”
Jodi held her hand over her mouth, she composed herself. “I’m going inside.”
“As you wish,” Hurst pushed his intercom ear plug further into his ear concentrating on a message, it was an ivory colour and rather obvious with its wire following his neck and into the collar of his suit. “Your father has arrived at the gate.”
They moved inside and a plain white transit van pulled up after negotiating the stately driveway over a mile long. William Bradley was ushered up the marble steps and into the stately doors, he was directed to a reception room to the right of the extensive entrance hall, the door closed behind him and a man standing in the centre of the room greeted him. Well dressed and muscular he wore his hair cropped across the top and short on the sides. His athletic body stretched the stitching of his suit and William strained his eyes and adjusted his glasses in an effort to recognise the figure. “Hello grandad.”
“Anthony.”
“Yes.”
“You here with your mother?”
“No grandad, she doesn’t know I’m here and never will.”
He sniffed, swallowed and shuffled to a nearby leather chair sitting down in front of his grandson. The smell of brandy and leather polish dominated right up to the cathedral ceilings, the tang of Westminster was everywhere. His frail body hardly filled his tailored shirts and suits these days and he looked as wrinkled as his face all over. “I know why you’re here, is there any point.”
Anthony stood over his frail grandfather and spoke softly but with assertion. “My mother must never know so if you were thinking of saying anything today I suggest you have a rethink. Did grandma know?”
“No, don’t be absurd, what kind of a man do you think I am.”
“A misguided one at times.”
“You sound like your father.”
“I am so much like my father it’s a relief to say it.”
“You flew yourself here, far as I remember you are a fine pilot and your father owns several planes.”
“Correct.”
“You used his satellite system to navigate and communicate on the way so no one has the foggiest where you are.”
“Prove it.”
“Ah I was forgetting you and your clone brother are Queens Council.”
“Give me the ring you’re wearing please grandad.”
“I can’t do that son.”
“Can’t, not a word in my vocabulary.”
“Why, you know more than I, what difference exactly is the ring going to make.”
“Mum is pretty wise, if she notices the ring it could be devastating mentally and morally in years to come.”
William removed the ring bearing the insignia of the Masonic lodge, he handed it to his grandson, Anthony dropped it into his right hand suit pocket. “There, all for nothing.”
“No grandad, you would have wanted to burden mum with your legacy, if you do that dad will act immediately to protect her, do you understand the consequences?”
William drew a big breath blowing back out in an obvious manner. “Yes, I certainly do, everyone is aware of your father’s power, especially me. I should be grateful for small mercies, some of the worst he has left alive. No doubt when I’m gone this will change.” 
“You’re a victim grandad not a perpetrator, but with no attempt to intervene you are as guilty.”
“Only your father can intervene.”
“I must go grandad, the time I asked for is up. I’m sure mum will have a wonderful afternoon with you.”
“You’re efforts have not fallen on deaf ears, if I could change the past I would, only your father can change the future. Not many people would travel half way round the world for a two minute conversation.”
Anthony kissed his grandfather gently on the forehead then stepped back. “Have a good day grandad.” He walked to the wall, a panel opened and he vanished into the wall.

As the panel closed a door adjoining the library, there being a door in each wall, opened and in walked Jodi. “Dad,” she ran to her father, he stood and they embraced. Jodi walked the gardens with her father laughing and chatting arm in arm. The bouquet of the manicured garden and grounds reminded them of times past when Jodi was a little girl hand in hand with her father planning the future. Even the best laid plans can go astray, but managing past mistakes and moving on had always been the strategy. 
Jodi covered her devastation well as her father left, she watched the van saunter down the drive into the fading evening light. On return to her temporary accommodation, she had become oblivious to Hurst, she even missed him when he attended the bathroom. She attempted to contact her husband unsuccessfully. The vigilante was busy taking his family under his wing.




CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Jodi had never really had so much time to herself, another morning walk in the spacious and meticulously manicured gardens she found relaxing. She picked the odd flower twirling the stalk the head rotating in front of her face, she remembered putting butter cups under her chin in the spring sun as a child for John to tell her if she liked butter should the reflection be clear on her skin and of course it always was.
The snipers high in the manor towers reminded her of the situation when she admired the lines of the stately dwelling. “Where are we Bruce?”
Bruce forced a smile one side of his face as he scanned the trees and bush walkways. “You know I can’t tell you anything. There was an attempt to get at a double masquerading in London last night, we have the perpetrators, the scenario is serious.”
“I have doubles making themselves obvious in busy places, has to be John right.”
“Been going on for centuries, it works that’s the important point. I do have some news for you, your daughter Lola and granddaughter Jasmine will be here in fifteen minutes, just confirmed on my wire. John had them follow you.”
“What about the boys.”
Bruce laughed. “Boys, they’re men, very dangerous men. No need to worry trust me.”
“How long will we be here?”
“How long is a piece of string, we have no idea. John will be heading to the Middle East, the French Secret Service member whom was with Luke survived, he will be doing many things whilst chasing up the lead you stumbled on including regarding the missing weapons in Afghanistan and  finding out exactly what happened to Luke.”
“So much is happening at the same time.”
“You and your daughters arrival here has been quite obvious, there’s a reason for that. As soon as we have doubles available you will be going back to Australia, no one will know you have returned, not even John.”
“He’ll find out.”
Hurst nodded. “He needs to so he’s aware you need protection and where you are but pay absolutely no attention to you at all. You have to be discreet, John is so busy so please don’t ploy for his attention.”
“Do you know what its like to be without your closest human counterpart, lay awake at night wondering about them?”
“Yes, I’m a married man.”
 “How does your wife handle it?”
“The same as you, she lays awake at night wondering just like me.”
“I suppose John does it, silly and selfish of me to think like that.”
“Human nature, airline pilots, travelling salesmen, long distance lorry drivers plus a host of others share a common problem, separation. When you my wife gets to see me again, till then she understands. She has no idea what I do just as you knew nothing of John’s ploy.”
“I hope you can keep it like that.”
Hurst pushed his wire hard to his ear listening. “Lola and Jasmine have just come through the gate, we should head back to the house.”
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
A few days of bliss was interrupted by the fickle English weather, wind and rain keeping them inside became tedious, then in the early hours of the morning amid darkness and driving rain they were waken by Hurst. The three frazzled females were escorted into a waiting Rolls Royce Silver Spur, used to transport royalty, bullet proof, able to withstand external explosions, capable of two hundred miles and hour, escorted front and back by men in black driving Range Rovers clearly displaying the Australian flag on the left front wing and the insignia Military Intelligence on the right wing, the tiny embroidered flags flapping in the wind on their stumpy silver posts as the silver lady followed its escort.
Inside beginning to focus from their sudden arousal Hurst introduced them to a grey haired man sitting in the middle of the forward facing rear seat. The vehicle was slightly longer than a standard Rolls and seated six facing each other in the rear compartment cut off from the driver and passenger by a glass petition. He wore a grey tweed suit, his cuff links bore the insignia of Westminster and he smelt of the corridors of Whitehall, brandy, cigar smoke and leather polish and spoke in a refined English accent. Hurst introduced him to the surprised women sitting opposite him. “Jodi, Lola, meet Sir Albert Hollis, chancellor of the exchequer.”
“Is that important,” replied Lola holding a sleeping Jasmine on her lap. 
Hollis chuckled and held his hand up to Hurst holding his speech and spoke and answered himself. “Of no consequence to you young lady, it is I whom are honoured to meet a child of John Stanton’s.”
“Wow he knows Dad.”
Hurst and Hollis laughed aloud. “Quiet Lola, let the man speak, I know his name your father has mentioned him many times over the years,” snapped Jodi. She tried looking out the windows but they had blackened visibility was near zero, the stately bullet lanced through the night.
Hollis noticed Jodi’s concern. “Please don’t be concerned, you will be in the air heading for Australia within two hours. You will see flashing lights when the car slows, lights and intersections being secured to assure our unhindered progress. We are heading for an old stamping ground of your husbands, an Island near the mouth of the Thames, a private jet will land in a field there as we arrive, the engines will remain running as you board and leave immediately.”
“Foulness Island.”
Hollis raised his eyebrows but smiled as well. “Mmmm, you know of this place.”
Hurst interrupted. “That’s on a need to know basis Albert.”
Hollis clasped his hands together as if in prayer. “I see, your husband or father,” he looked at Lola, “does not know you are being returned, at this moment doubles have been put in your place as intelligence shows those whom would gain from harming you found out where you were.”
“Oh no will they be harmed,” asked Jodi.
“They are trained members of MI, please don’t be concerned. You are much safer under the nose of John, they dare not go near him, if they were to enter Australia he would know and eliminate them. This is no game, your attention to detail many years ago Jodi will be of great assistance, you can return to work.”
“John will surely know I’m back.”
“He will find out anyway, carrying on as usual both he and the Cadiche Man will know where you are and what you are doing. The Cadiche Man will follow you to work, home from work, you will never see him but he will be there. Only a fool or a dead man would dare so much as look at you.”
“What about Lola and Jasmine.”
“As we speak your brothers have been introduced to a network put in place over the last few years by your husband. Lola and Jasmine will be the last people anyone would go near.”
“I’ve seen my dad operate only recently, he took me to the airport to come here, I’m worried about my husband,” said Lola.
Hollis coughed. “Your husband may have some explaining to do, things are often not as they seem, your father knew exactly what you wanted in life and found it for you. I never told you should he ask.”
“My god dad knows Rodney.”
Hollis and Hurst chuckled. “He trained him, your husband is British not Australian, he has been a member of Military Intelligence since graduating from military academy, hence your father put you in safe hands.”
Lola became agitated. “You wait till I see those two, what a load of bullshit, he told me…”
Jodi interrupted. “He told us nothing because we never asked, it’s the code. Ask him when you see him next and he’ll tell you the truth.”
“Exactly,” said Hollis. “John Stanton’s most valued things are not money or power but his family. He has gone to great lengths to protect you, your future and your families future, do you really think John Stanton would put the life of his daughter in the hands of a real estate agent from Newcastle Australia.”
“He’s a bloody good real estate salesman.”
“Indeed he is, the real estate organisation he works for is owned by your father, everyone works for John Stanton.”
“Oh my god, mum, did you know all this.”
Jodi looked puzzled as Lola. “No I didn’t, not most of it anyway. How long has John been getting around Newcastle?”
“The day before you arrived, he was always one step ahead. Did things not seem to fall into place?”
Jodi strained her eyes thinking hard. “The long brown leather jacket, at times over the years I got a glimpse of it, I thought it was coincidence other people had the same garment.”
“We never know where John is and we look pretty hard so can’t expect you to have any idea. I think in time you will appreciate how often he was no more than an arms length away.” Hollis laughed as he looked at Lola who smiled back but she didn’t know why. “I remember when you was born Lola, I was Secretary Of State, your father loves motor racing and as a Lola had won the Le Mans twenty four hour endurance race the named you Lola.”
Lola went spare. “What! I’m named after a bloody racing car, oh my god it gets worse,” she turned to her mother. “Did you know that?”
“Well, yes.”
“Good god didn’t you object.”
“Lola is also the name of beautiful people, the name of a famous song by the Kinks, the name of incredible dancers in Spain, just happens to be the name of a racing car. I couldn’t see the problem.”
Lola thought for a few seconds. “Maybe I have been a bit hasty in condemnation. I’d still like to talk to him about it.”
Hollis watched the conversation with amusement. “Australia has been a second home for John since you settled there, he was with us, looking over you or attending to business and he did it all well.”

Hollis held his ear, the car had been turning corners and slowing down and speeding up for some time, it had obviously left the motorway. “We just crossed the bridge to the island and the jet is approaching the strip, we are bang on time.” The windows of the silver lady suddenly cleared to a point the approaching dawn was visible, Jodi studied the green fields flashing by, the bright landing lights of the jet could be seen as it touched down on the ancient concrete runway, it taxied to a halt at the end of the well worn strip following the tracks of decades of use now rarely used. Spitfires, Hurricanes, Lancaster’s, Harriers and a multitude of test and combat aircraft had graced the runways of Foulness Island but never been seen. 
The silver lady drew up adjacent to the access door to the little citation, Jodi and Lola bid Hollis farewell as Hurst helped them into the body of the aircraft, they struggled with their meagre luggage in the driving rain. Hollis’s parting words were, ‘There are no good byes among our creed.’
The silver lady speed away still flanked by its escort Range Rovers, and as Hurst closed the door sealing the jet for takeoff it powered down the runway and lifted off. The undercarriage tucked into its body, the lights went out plunging the aircraft into darkness. The runway lights vanished into the ground and only the wind driving the rain could be heard in the breaking light blowing across the top of the waves cresting the black mud, green pasture and golden corn stubble after the harvest.




CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
The days before her slumber Jodi had suffered sleep deprivation to a point she could hardly stand. With her son watching over her the solace of her husband’s acquittal was such a relief her deep sleep continued as her body caught up but her mind pushed on, passing the annals of her life before her eyes like a film, but censorship was a bit hard, she slept on.
The first day back at work was difficult, she could see the police car following her, it had two occupants one was a female in the passenger seat, the driver had dark complexion. 
She greeted all as if she had never left, no one asked, she stumbled along catching up on local stories getting back in charge of her life and there on the front page was the Marie Celeste moored at Nelsons Bay, a motor yacht, she had seen this boat in other news stories around Sydney. Death and missing persons, continuing investigations by police, it all had her husband written all over it. She read the edit below, the headline read, ‘Officials apologise to boat owner.’ She read the text, front page but only short. ‘Police and government officials were forced to apologise to a boat owner after he became a suspect in the murder of a Chinese underworld figure. Neither police nor government officials would be drawn to comment on the details other than the investigations were continuing but the owner of the magnificent Marie Celeste had been cleared as a suspect and a formal apology issued. No reason was given for suppressing the boat owner’s name.’
Jodi called the journalist that covered the story Terry Whistler, he could add nothing more than any attempt to gain information on the story of Chinese underworld figure Fong recently missing in Sydney believed murdered along with his body guards was nothing but dead ends. The latest hear say was he had returned to China and the whole thing was a scam so Fong’s family could claim insurance policy payouts on his life rumoured to be several million dollars.
However she did catch a snippet that interested her, Whistler had searched for the suspect and owner of the Marie Celeste, his home was suspected to be at Bar Beach not far from Jodi’s but failed to find anything, the search had been hampered by what appeared to be body guards asking questions and advising he move on. This had happened several times and protagonists were of different nationalities, made no sense to him but Jodi was aware of the value of her husband's life to major powers. 
Jodi was about to head out and drive the area she thought John’s dwelling would be after she read the mornings police news briefs but she was sidetracked by a name she remembered well. A one Hans Reichmann had been questioned at Newcastle Racecourse in connection with corruption, Reichmann had forced a local trainer to sell a champion race horse to a Sydney car salesman under threat of assault and blackmail. Reichmann had denied all charges. Jodi assigned Whistler to the horse racing scene asking him to become familiar with Reichmann and report all his movements and affairs back to her. “You work directly for me now Terry,” were her parting words as Whistler headed off with a smile to his new assignment. 
Jodi slipped out handbag in hand, her only comment to the front desk was she would not be long. She drove her Honda accord to the streets of bar beach and following the directions given by Whistler, the street was clear and as her street lay out the end of the street was a cul de sac. The street was empty, quiet, one grand modern looking dwelling stood out on the high side of the road on top of the hill, it was to her left on the way back down the street. She slowed to a crawl, the dwelling of mansion proportions set back in the side of the hill had a wide underground garage to the right and below the main body of the building. The main building had grand bay windows top and bottom floors, they were clear of drapes allowing open vision not only in but out. The roof was flat appearing to allow access to the roof with railings in places. The front garden was bland with low maintenance appeal, rockeries, flowing water in neatly formed ponds and waterfalls. Access to the rear of the dwelling down each side was impossible with a high fence to the left from the front of the house to the sheer face of the hill and a high fence around the lower side of the block round blending into the sheer face of the lower side of the block. The top floor of the rear of the house sat just above the top of the hill and would allow vision down into the valley on the far side of the hill, the front of the palace had commanding views of the beach. She came to a stop, the front door took her interest, and there was an insignia in the stained glass pain set in the upper centre of the door. She studied it hard leaning over to the passenger seat and opening the off side window as to avoid the tinted window restricting vision. Only Jodi would know this insignia, the coat of arms of the Stanton family, handed down from as far back as the war of the Roses when knights wore their coat of arms on their shields. 
The massive dwelling looked weathered in places but brand new in others, Jodi muttered to herself as she closed the window and drove off, “how bloody long have you been right under my nose John, for god’s sake.” She noted the address and headed back to her office.
She rushed to her office shuffling through the building at a frantic pace and once sitting at their desk put the address into her search engine, she could not work out the number as the houses either side as distant as they were, held consecutive numbers. She had no luck and could only get names of the adjoining dwelling owners, she paid them no mind. She accessed a search engine shown her by John and entered John Stanton, the street and suburb. She was taken back as the screen lit up. ‘So now you know, get on it princess.’ She muttered to herself and cleared the screen, she became heated and frustrated, and she shook her head, “bloody hell John.” She knew John had now linked her up on his network assured she was better informed.
Just before leaving work for the day Whistler attended her office with news, by some unknown power of divine providence information on Hans Reichmann fell from the sky, he couldn’t believe his luck whilst looking for leads on the net. Excited the young Whistler slightly rotund and plump faced explained his luck. “Hans Reichmann over the past few weeks has been working for a Sydney businessman a man called Theo Deloris, made all his money selling cars. Delores has become heavily involved in the thoroughbred horse racing industry, Reichmann is a lawyer formerly from Germany with links to London. Am I making any sense?”
“Keep going, you’re doing fine.”
“Reichmann is accused of threatening and blackmailing horse breeders, trainers and owners to acquire suitable horse flesh to service the Delores racing empire. A race official overheard a conversation between Reichmann and a leading Newcastle trainer at a recent race meeting in Newcastle, this information cannot be true.”
“Why?”
“Jarrod Carpenter made the report and he is the chief race steward at Flemington in Victoria.”
Jodi put her arm over her head resting it there, she bit her bottom lip in thought. “Where did the press release come from and who sent it out.”
Whistler checked his paperwork he had brought with him to support the statements. “Emmm, let me see, Newcastle police station dated today, an officer Page, hey that’s the Cadiche Man.”
Jodi hesitated, she thought. No way would Cadiche send out such an obvious message without good reason. “Find officer Page tomorrow morning, doesn’t matter how long it takes and ask him some more questions about this, tell him I sent you.”
“Wow, far out. I’ve only been working with you for a few hours and I strike gold.”
Jodi chuckled; she remembered her first leads on corrupt conduct and the excitement it generated. “Reading between the lines often leads to headlines, see what officer Page has to say and work from there. You have my permission to follow leads on your own initiative.”
“Yes!” Whistler punched the air. “Thanks Mrs Simpson.” He left in haste.
Jodi headed home leaving Whistler to follow a lead that rang a bell from so long ago. Jodi was going to look further into John’s location but remembered what Hurst had said about leaving John alone at such a critical time. ‘You have to be discreet, John is so busy so please don’t ploy for his attention.'
On arrival at home, things were very quiet, Lola was not home, Anthony and Robert could not be reached no matter how many ways she tried, but the ever present police car or GT Falcon was always in the rear vision mirror to and from her office just that little bit to far away to make out any features of the occupants.
Jodi prepared a meal, she ate alone in complete silence, she found it odd. She had never been so alone family or friends had always been present. The next day was the same, no Lola or Rodney, no contact from her sons, the Cadiche Man watched over her, the silence and missing family members became too much, she found herself to be a very social person. Jodi sat in the late afternoon light in her kitchen swatting up on world issues, she studied the latest agreement by the Australian government with the International Monetary Fund, she suddenly understood the concern her husband often became agitated about as she read, then without warning.




CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Jodi’s attention was broken by a clear and loud knock on the door. She looked out the Bay window into the street below, a 70s GT Ford Falcon was parked directly outside, she peeked around the window her inquisitive approach hidden by lace curtains, a part aboriginal police officer stood at the door, she recognised the Cadiche Man. She walked to the front door and put her hand on the door latch, she hesitated deep in thought.
She opened the door wide with a smile. “Hello, can I help you.”
Caliche’s face beamed warmth and relief, “Mrs Stanton, I am not here on an official matter.”
“Would you like to come in?”
“No thanks, plenty of people watching us, I need not give too much away.”
“Go on.”
Cadiche lent on one of the pillars holding up the grand ornate roof above the front door in a casual manner, he had worked out where prying eyes were located and positioned himself as to have his lips out of sight to avoid the conversation being lip read with binoculars. “Your lips will be read Mrs Stanton, the less you say the better. I’d like to first thank you for writing the article many years ago that drove me to where I am now, I also strongly believe you were the one that financed my way through the academy. Still I’m not here for that, your entire family has been shifted to Hawks Nest near Nelsons Bay. They have been very busy setting up shop your husband supplied the real estate, he would like you to stay here, he will be home soon, that’s all I can say.”
“Thank you officer page.” Cadiche turned to walk away. “How’s Kay.”
He turned back in surprise. “How do you know that name?”
“She used to work at the paper before moving on to the academy. Jodi covered her mouth as she spoke in a simulated coughing motion.”
“She’s never mentioned that.”
“Perhaps you’ve never asked.”
Cadiche smiled with a short laughing huff. “Have a good day Mrs Stanton, sit tight.” 
Cadiche walked casually to his car, it rumbled sedately down the street as Jodi closed the door.




CHAPTER NINETEEN
Jodi pushed on, time passed and her husband returned ensuing the bliss they had always hoped for. 
Cadiche left the police force and became a consultant only to reenlist when marrying Kay his partner, they disliked the separation.
Terry Whistler lost weight, became an expert in undercover reporting and stuck with the horse racing industry writing many a revealing column for the Gazette, out of the blue he excitedly attended Jodi’s office.  “Do you have a moment Jodi?” he asked at the door.
Jodi looked up studying information on her laptop deciphered from the Middle East and some interesting reports on goings on in the International Monetary Fund. “Oh Terry, yes always for our sports reporter.”
Whistler looked around outside, stepped into the office closing the door behind him. He took a seat and explained, Jodi listened intensely.”
“Reichmann, I picked up on a comment he made yesterday at Flemington talking to Theo Delores.”
“Delores is in serious financial trouble.”
“Yes, pretty bluntly obvious to everyone in the industry. Reichmann mentioned a horse to Delores, sired in Australia’s Hunter Valley, born in Ireland, trained in the UK and back on Australian soil.”
“That’s a mouthful.”
“The horse is owned by a retired English merchant banker from the Hornswaddle and Fothrington camp.”
“Money is no issue then.”
“You better believe it, now get this. Yesterday Jimmy Cotton got to see the horse run at the Gail Flametower complex here in the Hunter.”
“I don’t see the news.”
“The horse ran three seconds under the fastest time ever recorded for three thousand two hundred metres.”
“The distance for the Melbourne Cup.”
“Exactly.”
“How sure are you this information is true, knowing Reichmann he could have been overheard on purpose for there own means.”
“I took a punt on them using the usual cubicle at the jockeys club and bugged it, they were alone.”
“I’m not sure that I approve.”
“They began to talk about taking position of this horse by stealing it but left the cubicle whilst in mid conversation.”
“Stealing someone’s horse I absolutely do not approve of that. When did Reichmann arrive in the country again?”
“He just rolled up out of nowhere yesterday, haven’t seen him for months.”
“Does this horse have a name?”
“Yes, the horse Reichmann was referring to was a black stallion called Flaxmead.”
For some reason the hair on the back of Jodi’s neck stood up and a shiver of appeal ran down her back, she put it down to divine providence. “Really, visit and stake out the Flametower property and see what you find out.”
“Kingston Rule won the cup on 1990 in a time of three minutes sixteen seconds, which means this horse would have run three minutes thirteen, that’s impossible, I would have to see it before believing it.”
“You mentioned Jimmy Cotton, the trainer embroiled in controversy years back now proved to be innocent of the allegations.”
“Yes, Cotton rang Reichmann with the information and Reichmann relayed it to Delores immediately.”
“I studied the Cotton case when it was on the front page, everything Cotton said eventuated to be true and his statements and predictions are always accurate.”
“Agreed, but I went further, Sinead Courtney Irish jockey was on an Irish horse racing at Flemington yesterday. She took the horse to a win and I interviewed her for a story. Out of the blue I threw the name Flaxmead at her and she said and quote; ‘Give me that horse and I’ll give you the world.’ I asked how she had formed such an opinion and she said she rode the horse at a trial in Flax Burton England not long ago. A black stallion owned by a retired merchant banker.”
“Good god, knowing the horse racing industry anything could happen to this Flaxmead if indeed it can run that fast. Keep me informed please Terry.”
“I don’t mind spending my own time on this.”
“You’ll do no such thing, overtime and as much as you need to do is approved. If I let anything happen to a black horse or any other horse my husband would never forgive me, to say nothing of myself.”
“I’ve had it up to the hilt with the horse racing establishment, Delores is a crook, I’m sure he’s dealing in drugs to make up the shortfall in his finances, it’s the topic of the week on the grapevine. He’s do anything to get his hands on a horse nothing could beat. They’ll be no overtime Mrs Stanton.”
Jodi smiled with a nod. “Okay Terry, I know how you feel, thank you for backing up my faith in you.”
Terry jumped to his feet, “I’ll keep you informed.” He left in haste closing the door behind him.
Jodi lent back in her chair looking at the ceiling with her hands behind her head mumbling. “Flaxmead, why have I heard that name, why would my inner self respond to the name, all I currently have is why. Okay, so I have why, now just what, when, where and who need to be addressed.” 
She pushed her chair backwards with her knees away from her desk, the castors ran over her hair flowing down the back to the floor pulling her head backwards overbalancing the chair and she fell backwards in a heap on the carpet. She chuckled uncontrollably thinking it was a hell of a joke, she got to her feet carefully untangling her hair from the castors. Some of the ends of her hair were damaged, she muttered again. “Oh shit.” She put her hands over her mouth looking round to see if anyone had heard, she chuckled again when she made sure she was in the clear.




CHAPTER TWENTY
Time passed, Jodi and her husband enjoyed life to the fullest, they made an effort to become part of each other, Jodi had worked on this for many years. Then;
At the second victory of a thundering equine in the prestigious Melbourne Cup Jodi caught sight of the Vixen. Now heavily tainted by her husband she hid her flowing hair inside her jacket and borrowed a tatty cap to blend in with the crowd. Flanked by two middle aged men in tweed suits wearing gold rimmed Ray Ban sunglasses there she was, now over sixty as Jodi, Bella looked no more than thirty five.
Jodi noted Bella’s attention seemed to be directed at a businessman firmly involved in the racing industry, Neville Creighton, Jodi was familiar with Creighton’s antics in the thoroughbred racing industry in Australia. Creighton had been involved with the currently incarcerated Theo Delores. What was puzzling was the presence of Gustav Fleming. She thought about it, she recognised him by means of her husband’s data base when extracting information on the Vixen Bella Elizabeth Fonteyn. Gustav Fleming was Rose Fleming’s father a known member of the Sicilian mafia and Rose his daughter was Bella’s house mate, the pair were rumoured to be insatiable nympho maniacs. She noticed her husband in the vicinity of the group but did not witness contact, the past gripped her heart stirring unhealed wounds and she decided to confront her husband on an issue that had dogged the pair since birth, the insatiably beautiful Bella.
Jodi waited until they were home, over the breakfast table next morning she pondered the bliss they had and if it was worth breaking for something that may be nothing. Jodi was always in control of her life and Bella had always been out of her control so she pressed on.
Stanton was reading the paper in his dressing gown seated at the kitchen table opposite Jodi wearing a clear white night gown. Stanton mentioned something he had passed comment of before. “This Terry Whistler, he needs sorting out, who’s his editor at work love.”
“I am.”
Stanton looked up briefly with a cheeky smile. ”Not very obvious princess.”
Jodi hesitated locked in inner dispute but pushed on. “What was the Vixen doing at Flemington yesterday?”
Stanton looked up. “She saw you, you should have changed your dress as well.”
“So you did speak to the bitch.”
Stanton looked shocked. “Jodi, I’ve never heard you speak like that.”
"She was standing at the mounting yard, probably sounded the most interesting place to her.”
Stanton got up walked around the table and pushed Jodi half off her chair with his butt and put his arm around her now both seated precariously on one chair. He lent his head against his treasure, he spoke softly. “Mr Whistler would have given you plenty of leads on why she was there, so the issue is not why but probably alternate intent you’re concerned about.”
Jodi was silent for a few seconds, she stopped eating her breakfast and put one arm round her husband. “This will never go away will it. She’ll always be there waiting, I flatly refuse to die first and give her the opportunity.”
Stanton stood from his uncomfortable position, he pulled Jodi and the chair she was on out from the table and straddled her lap holding her shoulders looking in her face nose to nose. “They got whom they came for, need I say more.”
“You could have done it, was Bella really necessary, or did she need to see you again. How many times has she pulled stunts like this just to get near you?”
“I like to make sure Bella is okay and so do you, the first one to cry on her demise will be you.”
It was a few seconds but Jodi had to smile. “You’re right, I’d be devastated if anything happened to her.”
“While Bella had your and everyone else’s attention, Rose Fleming marched out the gate with the target like a puppy on a lead. She seduced him and when he woke up he was in an MI holding cell half way round the planet. That’s what they do and damn good at it.”
Jodi changed track suddenly interested in the story. “Who was it?”
“Things are on a need to know basis.”
“Tell me and you can take me upstairs and spank me.”
“Rudolf Forbes.”
“Jean Forbes husband.”
“Yes.”
“How an earth was he lured to Flemington.”
“Bella.”
“Oh, the bitch, I didn’t know that.”
“Things are on a need to know basis.”
“I was going to take you upstairs anyway.”
“I was going to give you the name anyway.”
They cracked up laughing in embrace.




CHAPTER TWENTY ONE
Jodi settled down always in control of her life and when things were at their best Stanton was again under attack from governing powers, an allegation of murder. His powerful sons swiftly brought the accusation to a head pushing the issue to the high court and following up with defamation proceedings.
Jodi seldom sat well with judicial confrontation, she had reported on too many disasters corrupted through the law courts. The only effective area of attack against her husband in the fight to diminish the separation of powers was legal aspects paraded in the media. The failure of the alleged charges rendered the protagonists open to attack, they began to go to ground all over the globe, and no matter where they hid the elite would find them.
Stanton slept for a while but watched over his spouse after rising, while Jodi was stirring from deep slumber her husband waited patiently. She opened her eyes to see her husbands face leaning over her. “Welcome back princess.”
Jodi’s eyes fluttered in an effort to stay open, she sat up, her husband helped her, his hand assisting behind her back, he was sitting on the side of the bed. She struggled and spoke in a croaky voice still waking up. “How long have I been asleep?”
“Over twenty hours.”
“Wow, I was dreaming, I remember.”
“I remember everything as well, anything you want to talk about.”
Jodi pulled John close and held him. “No, will it be okay tomorrow, I need to get to work.”
“Its Saturday you slept right through Friday.”
“Oh, okay, wow I need to get up and walk around.”
“Maybe we can go for a drive, keep out of the way for a spell, and just be together.”
Jodi slid off the edge of the bed sitting next to her husband. “That happened last time this happened, we went for a drive and bloody Hurst rang you about someone going missing.”
“Ah but we still went for a drive and had a lovely day.”
“Is Robert still here?”
“No, he left when I arrived.”
“Perhaps we could drive down to Hawks Nest and have a family get together.”
“No that’s tomorrow, today we spend together.”
Jodi smiled, she stood up and walked to look out the window in the morning sun. Her husband watched from the edge of the bed as she formed a silhouette in the light, he saw the shadow of an angel.



