
Judged Love
Shannon Snider
Copyright 2012 by Shannon Snider 
Published at Smashwords




This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author. 

Chapter 1
Friday night at the Sunset Dance Club she was dressed in a black mini skirt with fishnet stocking, six inch stiletto heels and a drape tank top. With jet black hair pulled up in twist with the ends sticking up. All the jewelry she had on was a spiked leather dog collar around her neck, a matching one around her wrist and large hoop earrings. She fit in to the crowd well at the heavy metal club but still stood out because of her beauty. Annabelle was up at the bar talking with her sister Mary. Mary is a simple looking woman with dark brown hair, thin and stands about five foot two. Annabelle is the type of exotic one with her long jet black hair, light tanned skin, perfect shaped body and stands five foot flat. With her heels she was towering over Mary tonight. 
“What’s wrong?” Annabelle almost has to yell at her sister to be heard.
“Nothing is wrong. Holy cow look what just walked in.” Mary yelled back. Annabelle looks over her shoulder at the door and sees two cowboys walking in. She is instantly drawn to the taller of the two. He is standing there in the perfect pair of wranglers, a blue button up denim western shirt, black cowboy boots and his black Stetson hat. Her first thought was comparing him to the Marlboro man, tall dark and handsome just didn’t do him justice.  His eyes are a dark brown and his needing a haircut dirty blond hair isn’t what draws her attention it’s the fact that he has a passionate look in his eyes. That look of passion in everything that he does. He can feel someone looking at him and looks up to lock eyes with the strangest color eyes he has ever seen. They are not quite blue but almost a light purple color. He instantly sees the passion behind those eyes but starts to look away the moment she pulls away. Then he sees her. She never actually turns around to face him.
He tries to wrap his mind around the fact that she is the most beautiful woman he has ever seen. She reminds him of an angel just all in black with an exotic twist to it. He leans in to his friend and says, “who the hell would walk around in public trying to look like a vampire or at least like they are dead?’
His friend starts to laugh at what he said. “Ben you need to get out more. Don’t ya know that’s how the young ones dress now all in black? But dang look at all the color in that tattoo. I wonder what the bottom looks like.” Ben then looks at her again and can see the top of a sunset tattooed on her back covering most of her shoulder blades.
“Ouch that had to hurt! Let’s   get a drink and see Molly so I can say I was here then get out of here.” They head for the bar near the door to see Molly the owner of the club. “Two Buds and how’s business Molly?” Ben asks while leaning over the counter to kiss Molly’s cheek. Molly is a tall girl almost six foot with bright red hair cut short and in spikes.
“Here on the house and it’s good. About time you boys decided to show up. I’ve been open six months and my best friends finally decided to show up.” Molly responded while handing over the beers. “You guys could have left the hats and boots in the trucks. Do ya like the place?”
Matt started to laugh and Ben responded, “You were always the odd one of the group but we still love ya. How do you listen to this music you can’t even understand what they are saying?”
“Honey you don’t hear it as much as feel the music besides I don’t know how you listen to country with all that whining and crying.” Molly says while trying not to laugh too much. Molly knew these guys were the different kind of cowboys.
At the other end of the bar, “Dang If I knew cowboys looking that good were to show up I would of dressed the part.” Mary yelled in Annabelle’s ear.
“Oh come on we are here to have fun, not find a couple of cowboys to mess all the fun. Let’s dance.” With that Annabelle headed for the dance floor and got lost in the crowd. 
~
Later that night Ben was trying to sleep but all he could see when he closed his eyes were those passionate purple eyes and the beautiful woman with them. He continued to try to get some sleep but it eluded him for half the night. Finally at about four in the morning he was able to get some sleep but was dreaming about the woman with those eyes, the perfect heart shaped mouth and that tattoo. The moment in the dream she was getting ready to show the rest of the tattoo he woke up again. Ben mumbled to himself, “Dreaming of someone besides my wife is not good.” With that thought he was wide awake again. He gave up after that on getting sleep and begins a miserable day with little sleep.
~
Annabelle was asleep having one of the best dreams of her life of riding horses with a tall dark cowboy. In the dream they stop riding and begin to kiss and that’s the moment she looks in his eye to realize she is dreaming of the cowboy from the club. She sits straight up in bed startled that she would dream of a man she knows nothing about. How did mister tall dark and handsome get into her dreams? She knows nothing about the man but here she is dreaming about him.




Chapter 2
On Sunday at the children’s emergency room Ben is sitting on the bed with his son Benny waiting for the doctor to come in the room. When in walks a tiny doctor with long black hair pulled back in a ponytail. In her blue jeans and pink shirt mostly hidden by her white coat she still looked good. 
“Well Mister Ben what did you do to that wing of yours?” She then looks up and sees those passionate eyes again from Friday. She stops for a minute just to get lost in them and then remembers she doesn’t even know the man. 
“Well it’s Benny and he fell off his pony. I don’t think he broke his arm but can’t be too safe.” His father responds but he almost can’t hide the look on his face of there is no way she is the doctor she looks to be eighteen not old enough to be a doctor. “When is the doctor coming I would like to talk to him.”
 With then last comment her eye brows shoot up and she is put on the defensive. “Well I am the doctor and if you give me a minute with Benny we will decide if we need x-rays and what to do.” She puts her pda back in her pocket after looking over Benny's vitals. “Alright I’m going to feel your arm and tell me what happened and if anything hurts okay.” She smiled down at the four year old. She can’t believe that the man she dreamed about all weekend was assuming she wasn’t the doctor. How could he be so judgmental of her without even knowing who she was? 
“I was riding trigger, he’s my pony. He got scared and I hit the ground on my arm and it hurt but not now. Did I break it?” Benny said without talking a breath.
“Boy for being only four you are good. And I don’t think you did but like your dad said it doesn’t hurt to check.” She then looks up at his father to confirm he is the father and when he nods that he is she continues. “I don’t think it is broke but I think we should x-ray the wrist just to be sure. Sarah will be here in just a minute to take him down.” Annabelle got up to leave the room and said to Benny, “I’ll be back once you get the x-rays to tell ya what it says.” She left the room for her next patient.
Sarah and Ben headed to x-ray with Benny and handed him over to the tech. “I have to ask how old is that doctor she looked like she should be in school?” Ben asked as soon as the door shut.
“Well she is twenty nine and has been a doc for four years. Why do you ask she is one of the best we have?” Sarah asked.
“She looks younger than that. If you say she is the best I will believe you sis. How are you and Matt?” Ben responds while twirling his hat in his hands. He was lost in the thought of the tiny woman who was the doctor and she was reminding him of someone else but he just could put his finger on whom or where he had seen her before.
“We are good. You are still coming over for dinner on Wednesday right?”
“Yes I’ll be there and Dad said he will watch Benny for us. If you had other things to do I know the way back and I’ll bring Benny back.”
“Alright I’ll see you before you leave.”
Back at the room Annabelle walks in with a smile on her face. “Well it’s not broke just sprained. So little one you will have to wear a sling for a couple of days and then be good as new. Now let’s get this sling on and you can be on your way.” She fit him with a sling and then left the room. The entire time she was with them she had to fight with herself to not get one more look at Ben.  And both Ben and Benny left the room to say good bye to Sarah at the counter by the exit. 
“Where is my doc I want to say good bye to her to? She is purty.” Benny said loudly to Sarah. Ben was looking down the hall that is when he saw it the girl with the tattoo on her back. She was wearing heeled boots, tight jeans and a spaghetti strap tank top. He could see the top of the sun tattoo. He thought what the heck she was doing here. Maybe she was here with somebody or maybe he was dreaming about her so much he was starting to see her every place he went.  With her hair pulled back in a ponytail and a leather jacket draped over her arm she was talking to one of the nurses she was too far away from him to hear what she was saying.
“Well, let me see if she is still here honey.” Sarah turned and saw her. “Dr. Montgomery, Benny would like to thank you.” With that Annabelle turned and faced them. You could have knocked Ben over with a feather; the doctor was the woman from the club he was judging for her outfit. The angel he dreamed about all weekend. She slid her jacket on and walked over with a smile on her face already. She squatted down in front of Benny.
“You don’t have to thank me Hun. It’s my job to fix little cowboys up.” She smiled and the stood while ruffling his hair. 
“You sure are party.” Benny said. 
“Thank you Hun.” With that she stepped away to walk out the door. Ben and Benny left behind her. They headed for his Ford crew cab pickup. Ben watched Annabelle head for a purple Harley. He couldn’t believe that tiny woman was going to get on a bike. Once he had Benny in the truck in his booster seat he dared to take one more look at her. There she was straddling the bike with her helmet on revving the motor. When the thought crossed his mind, what would it feel like to ride a bike with her and have her holding him, almost floored him? What why was he almost drooling over a woman who was nothing like his Veronica his safe cowgirl he married right after high school?




Chapter 3
Wednesday night, at Sarah and Matt’s house Annabelle showed up early on her Harley and parked it next to Sarah’s Honda. Annabelle walked up to the door with a bottle of wine. Sarah opened the door before she was even up to it. “Annabelle, would you please help me in the kitchen. And we need to put that wine on ice for dinner.” She couldn’t figure out what was up with Sarah and why she was waiting for her to show up. While in the kitchen Sarah and Annabelle were talking when the doorbell rang. “Mathew, would you please get that.”
“All ready halfway there. It’s probably just Ben.” Matt said while opening the door. “Hey Ben.”
“When did you get a Harley?” Ben said while looking at the Harley in the drive.
“Didn’t that’s Annabelle’s. She is joining us for dinner.”
“Sarah’s still trying to set me up. When is she going to learn I’m not ready for anyone?” Ben said while coming into the house. Sarah was always trying to set him up with different women since his wife died but he just never saw anything in any of them that compared to her.
“She won’t rest till you are happy again. How are things at the ranch since I left?” Matt said while leading to the living room.  Matt and Ben sat in the living room waiting for the women to come out of the kitchen.
In the kitchen:
Annabelle whispered to Sarah, “How the heck do you know Ben? And please tell me this isn’t a set up?”
“I have known Ben since grade school. And I plead the fifth. You really should get out there and date how are you going to find mister right?” Sarah said while grabbing the dishes for dinner. Once in the dining room Sarah said to Ben, “You have met Annabelle before except I think you may know her as Dr. Montgomery. And Annabelle you met Ben.” Ben stood to look at Annabelle and got lost in those passionate eyes. Annabelle lost herself in his eyes as well and the moment seemed forever. Sarah coughed to get their attention. “Shall we eat?” Sarah then looked at Matt with a knowing look of I told you so.
Everyone sat to eat and had a pleasant meal except with a heavy tension in the air. “So Dr. Montgomery, tell me about yourself since it seems my sis here is bound and determined to set us up.”
“Oh you’re related I thought Sarah said she’s known you since grade school but you two look nothing alike.” Everyone started to giggle at what Annabelle said. “What did I say something stupid?” 
“Oh no honey. You just have it all wrong we all went to school together and Ben’s first wife was my sister. He just has always called me his sis. And Matt is his best friend from school or as Ben refers to him as his brother works for him out at the ranch. Sorry I should have given you some back ground.”
“Well Ben I grew up here went to school at UNR and now I live here not much to tell. And please just call me Annabelle no doctor when off duty.” Annabelle recovered from her mistake.  Annabelle knew Sarah was getting ready to tell her entire life story of school because she had the look of fire in her eyes but before she could say anything else Sarah blew her top.
“Not much to tell! You are the youngest med school grad to ever leave UNR with the best grades. Don’t short change yourself. I’m sorry but anyone who graduates high school at sixteen, college by nineteen and med school by twenty two ands does a two year internship all before they are twenty five should be proud of their accomplishments. ” Exclaimed Sarah while giving Annabelle a stern look. 
“Ok so I am smart but that’s it. Now it’s your turn, Ben.” Annabelle said while trying to hide the fact she was blushing.
“Well guess I’ll get it over with Sarah. I own Walker Ranch and work every day while raising my son. What else do you want to know?” Ben waited for the dollar signs to go off in her eyes like most other women. Every other woman he dated thought just because he owned a twenty thousand acre ranch that meant he was loaded and they could have an easy life. But the dollar signs never went off in her eyes, it almost seemed like she could care less.
“Ok so you really are a cowboy and not just dress for the part.” With that Ben had a stupid look on his face. He just couldn’t believe she couldn’t care less if he had money most women didn’t act like this. But why all the black clothes and the spiked collars? “Sorry I don’t usually talk much about myself so if you have any further questions just ask Sarah. Sorry Sarah I need to step outside for some fresh air.” She got up from the table and walked out to the porch and sat on the swing. Why did everybody feel the need to try to set her up all the time? Ben was left at the table try to get the hurt look of Annabelle’s out of his mind. Why did she dress the way she did? Tonight she wore a pair of tight black jeans and a crotched black top with her heeled boots. Of course her jewelry was her spiked collar and her wrist had a smaller version on it. She had her hair in a French braid tonight but all he saw were her eyes that every time she had emotion behind would turn a little more darker purple. Her beauty would have made a weaker man fall to his knees before her. He started to have thoughts about what it would feel like to have that tiny woman pressed up against his body and the feel of those perfect heart shaped lips. Sarah got up and followed Annabelle out.
“Honey what’s wrong?” Sarah asked while sitting on the swing with her.
“Why does everybody judge me before they know me?” Annabelle asked without thinking. “Sorry I shouldn’t be asking you he is almost your brother.”
“Oh trust me he is not perfect. I have watch that man go through hell and come back for his little boy. Besides there is nothing to judge you about. You are the sweetest person I know with the biggest heart but you do forget to let people love you back.” Sarah pushed the swing back with her foot.
“You know since Evelyn, mom and dad I can’t love anyone. I’m just scared that person will get hurt too. Besides it’s not like he even noticed me.”
“Honey you know what happened to your parents and little sister had nothing to do with you it was a drunk driver that killed them not you.” Sarah pulled Annabelle into her arms to give her a hug. “And besides when Ben saw you tonight I think that’s all he saw for a good five minutes.”
“Not to sound mean but Ben was the husband of your sister Vicky right?” Sarah nodded her response. “Well he is kind of cute.”
“Cute honey he more than cute! He is one fine looking man!”
“Sarah! How could you, you’re married to his best friend.”
“I know honey but I have watched him grow up from a gangly kid to the man he is today. And if he is ever mean to you tell me and I’ll knock him around for you. Besides what could one date hurt?”
“Tell me more about him.”
“Well he loves his land, his son and God. What more is there to tell? Besides the fact, that he is one fine looking man?” Annabelle was lost in thought about the fact that he loved God. But would he except her for who she is and the way she was with God.
~
In the dining room:
“Matt would you tell me more about Annabelle. I’m trying to see what Sarah had in mind by trying to set us up.” Ben asked without looking at Matt.
“Well she loves being a doctor, kids and God. And have you ever seen her ride dang if I wasn’t married I would think of chasing her.” Ben was lost in thought about her love of God. But she was so wild how could she have the love for the same god he did. While lost in his own thoughts thunder clapped outside and he could hear the rain start to pour down outside. Matt jumped up and ran out the front door.
Annabelle was standing on the edge of the porch when Ben got out there. “Crap I can’t ride home in this. What now?”
Ben felt the sudden urge to protect her from the rain and could not explain it. He wanted to get to know this woman better and here was his chance. “Well I could take you home if you want and Sarah can bring you back to get your bike after work tomorrow. But we probably better put it in the garage to protect it. Matt would you give me a hand.” With that Ben hopped off the porch to push her bike inside the garage not thinking about the fact that he was going to get soaked from the rain. Once they were done putting the bike away both Ben and Matt stood on the porch soaked to the skin. 
Sarah jumped into action getting the men towels to dry off with. “Ben If you would like I can get you a dry shirt but I doubt Matt’s pants will fit ya. Matt go inside and get on some dry clothes would ya.”
Ben started to laugh at Sarah. “You are always the mother hen. No I’ll just take Belle home and change at the house I don’t want to get your house wet. Maybe I should have thought before I ran in the rain.” With one eye brow up almost hidden in his hair he looked at Annabelle to ask if that was alright with her.
“Alright but let me grab my things and then we will head out.” Annabelle said with hesitation for fear of what she was going to say and do.  
  After Matt and Annabelle had left the porch, Sarah whispered to Ben, “Please be nice to her, I will not let you hurt her.” Ben was surprised by what she said because he had never hurt any women in his life. Why tell him that he couldn’t figure it out? When Annabelle walked back out to the porch with her things she hugged Sarah bye and then she turned to Ben.
“Alright I’m ready. Thanks again for dinner Sarah call me in the morning so I’m ready for ya. Let me guess yours is the giant pickup.” She smiled at Ben and then they both headed for his truck. Once Ben had the driver door open he held his hand out for her.
“Sorry figured you didn’t want to walk through the river in the road to get to the other side.” He then placed his hands on her waist when she was in front of him to help her get in. The moment he placed his hands on her he felt the heat rush from her through his hands and up his arms. That moment of charge from her to him almost brought him to his knees of wanting her. Why now does he touch a woman he is the polar opposite does he have an attraction to? He sent up a silent pray of please god help me here guide me to what is your desire.
Annabelle felt the sparks when he placed his hands on her waist to lift her in to the truck and was lost in thought for a moment when he placed her on the seat. She was thinking maybe it was just the fact that he was good looking and she dreamed about him. She sent up a silent pray Lord I need your help here. Ben coughed to get her attention, “Belle if you wanted to drive all you had to do was say so but I’m getting wetter out here.” She just realized she was still sitting behind the wheel and he was waiting for her to move over. She blushed from her toes to the top of her head.
“Sorry?” She scooted over on the seat to allow him in the truck. “Um I live in sunrise townhomes do you know where that is.” She said as soon as he was in the truck.
“Yes I do. Belle would you tell me more about yourself. Your likes and dislikes what you do in your spare time.” She was lost in thought again of why this man wants to know they have nothing in common. But he does look really good with his shirt plastered to his chest. “Um Belle, if you don’t want to talk that’s fine but please stop staring at me. It kind of makes me feel like a steak.” She suddenly realized she was staring at him and began to blush and looked away out the passenger side window. “Sorry, I’ll pull my foot out of my mouth. I didn’t mean to embarrass you Belle.”
“Why are you calling me Belle?”
“Sorry would you prefer something else? I could call you doctor if you like. But you don’t act or look like an Annabelle you look like you have too much fun with life.”
“No it’s fine I guess. Ok no it’s not there was only one person ever called me that and nobody has called me that since he died.”
“Sorry there goes my foot again. He must have been really special.” Ben had the sudden jealousy bug bite him in the butt. Jealousy where did that come from?
“He was my dad but he has been gone for a long time.” She could feel a tear escape down her cheek. Great now Ben feels like a bigger ass he not only was jealous of her dad but now he made her cry. He started to kick himself in the butt for being such a jerk. “Um you missed the exit for my stop.”
“Oh crap I’ll take the next one. Sorry for making you cry I didn’t know you lost your dad. I don’t know what I would do If I lost mine.” She instantly started to blush again, why with him did she blush so much, she hasn’t blushed this much in all her life. “While I get us back on track would you please tell me something about yourself and I promise I will try to remember to not call you Belle.”
“What exactly would you like to know and when do I get to learn more about you?”
“Well anything you would tell me would be great and with me what you see is who I am.”
Annabelle took a deep breath before answering him and thought about what to tell him without telling too much about herself. “My favorite music is heavy metal or anything with a good beat. Just not country I can’t stand all the whining in it.” She just realized what she said and to a cowboy who probably loves country. “Sorry I guess that’s probably your favorite.”
Ben wasn’t surprised she thought it was country but was in no hurry to correct her because he loved the way she looked every time she blushed. “Actually I don’t listen to country unless it’s the older stuff I prefer most of the nineties yes I know that’s old. Well we are here which unit is yours?”
“Just around the corner number 12. Yes I know it looks like a gingerbread house on the outside.”
He started to laugh at her comment. “I actually didn’t see that till you said something, but it doesn’t seem to be a place I would of put you.”
“Let me guess you thought I lived in a dark looking place or a cave for my coffin? Never mind I’ll get out here.” She started to open the door before he even had the truck completely stopped. She slammed the door and ran for her house without even looking back. She just kept saying to herself at the door what a jerk.
Ben sat there looking after her trying to figure out what he said to make her mad. Oh well he wasn’t ready for a woman in his life so it all worked out, but he felt bad about hurting her.




Chapter 4
Friday was Annabelle and her sister’s day off so they figured they would go shopping in the morning which to both of them means eleven. Mary was trying to talk to Annabelle about why she was so upset. “Please tell me what is going on, you have never been this quiet your whole life.”
“Oh fine I’ll tell you if you quit bugging me.” She looked at Mary waiting for her to nod before she continued. “Alright on Wednesday, I went to Sarah’s for dinner and didn’t know she was trying to set me up with her brother. He is a really good looking guy and I thought we might have been hitting it off but it turned out he is a jerk like all men are. There you happy now can we please drop it.”
“No because this has you upset what did he do?”
“The jerk judged me for the outside package and not who I am. And then he made fun of my house. Aarr! I should have hit him instead of just slamming his truck door.” Annabelle could feel herself getting mad again over what happened, but she knew the only reason she was mad was because the only thing she could think about since was all him. The color of his eyes, the way he looks in jeans or the way his shirt clung to his perfect chest. “The worst part of the whole thing is I don’t want to hurt Sarah 'cause my bike is still at her house since he took me home after that storm moved through. And I know she is going to ask me how we hit it off. I avoided her all day yesterday at work just so I wouldn’t have to tell her that her bro is a jerk. I don’t want to lose a good friend over some guy.” 
“Who the hell is he I want to…” Just then Mary’s cell rang, “Sorry Hun on call...” She answered with her ready to jump into action for any animal. “Hello Dr. Montgomery.” She listened for a few. “Are you sure?”… “Yes I think I better get there and take a look. Give me thirty minutes. Alright till then. Sorry Annabelle no shopping today. A local ranch just found a mustang giving birth on his property and she is having a hard time. Did you want me to drop you off or did you want to ride?”
“It’s alright I’ll come with you if you don’t mind. I’m not ready to go get my bike and that’s the only thing I need to get done today.” She looked over at Mary with her big puppy dog eyes that she knows only works on her.
“Fine just stop with the eyes you know I can’t tell you no when you do that.” Mary drove to the south end of town and then headed towards the hills. When she turned off the paved road onto a dirt road heading under an arch made of large poles with a 'wr' in a circle in the middle. She continued down the road till she came to a large two story log cabin and a large barn and stable with corals nearby. The moment she got the car stopped a man on a chestnut brown horse rode up to them wearing only his jeans, brown Stetson, and his boots. His chest was bare for the world to see and lord he looked good just like that. His perfect chiseled chest and perfect six pack abs would drive any woman mad. His wife was one lucky woman. Mary jumped out of the car heading over to him and Annabelle got out following. “Mr. Walker please tell me nothing has happened to her yet!”
“No she is down by the river.” Just then he looked up and saw Annabelle and lost all thoughts of what was going on around him. He couldn’t believe the woman he has dreamed about for a week now was on his ranch. Her beautiful black hair was down and blowing in the light breeze and that outfit she is wearing is going to give him more dreams. Her shorts were white and barely covered her and the light green tank top she had on hugged all the right curves. She of course had on her jewelry of choice and he noticed a small silver chain hanging around her neck but whatever was on the end of it was hanging down her shirt in her cleavage, what a lucky pendent he thought. He had to give a mental shake of his head to get back to Mary. “Sorry we have to go on horseback to get over to her Matt already has a horse for you but does Annabelle ride.” He had to use every muscle in his body to keep looking at Mary and not stare at Annabelle.
“Yes she rides, did you want to go with us or just wait here?” She asked Annabelle while grabbing her bag out of the back of the car.
“No I’ll wait here. But thanks for asking. Ben is it alright if I just look around while I wait?”
“Sure dad is in the house and one of the hands should be around if you need anything.” He said while grabbing the reins of another horse that was ready to go for Mary and then sent up a silent pray thanking god that she was going to stay or he would never keep his head on what it needed to be on.
~
After Mary and Ben rode off Annabelle started to walk around the corals to look at the horses. Half way around the corals she heard little feet running toward her and she turned around to find Benny running straight toward her. She kneeled down to catch him in her arms. “Dr. Momgomry!” He shouted to her just a few feet away.
“Benny, who is watching you? And why are you out here alone?” She asked when she had a hold of him.
“Don’t worry doc he is not alone. The name’s Ben senior. Just call me Senior. Dang Ben wasn’t lying when he said you are a looker.” Ben senior was just as fit as his son but with a little age to him. While smiling at her she noticed a small amount of wrinkles around his eyes from smiling most of his life and his hair had gone salt and pepper from the dark brown that it was. He was the same height as Ben and was probably a real catch in his younger days. But of course with his comment she could feel a blush coming on and hid her face in Benny’s hair. She pulled back with a start realizing his hair is the same color as his father’s. “Don’t hide such a beautiful site. Sorry us Walkers have always spoke our minds we just don’t have sensors on our mouths and what we think just comes out. Benny were you going to ride trigger or just hold on to the pretty lady all day. Shoo with ya you only get two hours out here. But you know the rules.”
“I know pa I have to take care of Trigger if I want to ride him.” With that he turned on his heel and ran in the barn to get Trigger for a ride.
“Now that we got rid of the munchkin for about five minutes tell me about yourself and why are you out here by yourself.”
“Well my sister is the veterinarian Ben called for the horse and I was with her when she got the call, sorry to say it but if I would of known we were coming here I would have had her drop me off. Not that you don’t have a beautiful place here.  Sorry it’s just I didn’t want to face him again after the other night.” She started to look away to not look Senior in the eyes.
“Don’t apologize to me and this place isn’t mine it is all Juniors. The ranch that started all this is on the other side of that hill over there and is only about two hundred acres, he is the one that built all this. I’m just along for the ride now when he bought all this land I thought he was nuts but he built his dream and was successful at it.” Senior told her then leaned on the coral. 
She had no idea that he built all this she just assumed he inherited it all. “Well it is still beautiful. Is it just cattle you guys raise out here?” She didn’t know why but she needed to know more about the man she has been dreaming about for a week.
~
Once Mary and Ben were out by the river they found the horse having trouble with her labor. Mary quickly assessed the situation and then spoke to Ben. “She just isn’t ready to come in to the world but we will see how things go for a little bit. Now you must be the jerk my sister was telling me about.”
Ben was surprised that Mary was so straight forward and knew about Annabelle and his fight but he still didn’t know what the fight was about. “I hope I’m not the jerk but yes I had dinner with her at Sarah’s on Wednesday. I didn’t know you two were sisters, duh same last name should have thought of it and now that I think about it you two do look alike. Sorry rambling here.”
“Well that settles it you are the jerk. And until today I never did realize you are hot.” Mary blushed with saying that. “Sorry maybe I should of used different words.”
“No it’s fine,” Ben didn’t even notice Mary’s blush, “but I just wish I knew what I did do upset her. I can’t remember saying anything bad to be honest I was a little nervous with her I can’t remember half the crap I said.” Ben was pacing now to try to figure it out and nothing was coming to him. “We talked about music; I know I said her house wasn’t something I figured she would live in, oh and about the fact that I called her Belle. I know that upset her because of ya’lls dad. Would you mind a personal question?”
“Alright?” She was a little afraid of what he was going to ask but what would it hurt to find out if the answer was none of his business she would just tell him.
“What happened to your dad? I know none of my business but it really upset Belle and I never want to see her cry again for anything that comes from my stupid mouth.”
“Oh that’s an easy one.” Mary was relieved she wouldn’t have to answer any personal questions about Annabelle. “My parents and baby sister were killed in a car accident by a drunk driver. But I know what upset Annabelle so much it is the fact that she still blames herself for the accident because they were heading to get her in the rain and she didn’t want to ride her bike. Dad was the one who started calling her Belle when she was just three and after the wreck nobody was allowed to call her that again.” Mary had a look on her face of being in thought so Ben didn’t want to disturb her thoughts if she was going to say anything else about Annabelle. “Now what’s up with the part of you judging her?”
“I never judged her. Hell she is one of the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen. Why did she say I judged her?” Now he was confused. How and when did he judge her and for what? All he did was want to get to know her better.
“I’m not sure but you may want to ask her. I think she may really like you call it a sister hunch.”
“I just wish I knew how to ask her without upsetting her but I’m also trying to figure out why I’m attracted to her. To be honest it has nothing to do with her it’s me, I’m just not ready to hook up with any one yet since Veronica.” Ben knew his eyes had tears in them from thinking of Veronica. For four years since her death he still can’t think of her or their marriage and not cry. But he was going to be a man and not cry in front of Mary.
“Well Ben god has a plan for all of us and we just need to walk with faith that he knows what he is doing.” She walked over to him to give him a hug but remembered he wasn’t wearing a shirt and didn’t want to cause any more problems with him or Annabelle. Ben knew she was right but sometimes having that faith when god takes the one you love too soon causes you to fight against him.
~
“Mr. Walker, can I ask you something?” She suddenly felt shy asking Ben’s father personal questions. His only reply was a nod to tell her to continue. She took a deep breath to steady her nerves before continuing. “Well not to sound rude but would you tell me why Ben is sometimes a jerk. Sorry that came out wrong maybe I should ask why Ben sometimes he seems to be moving forward and then puts up a wall of mean words to keep people away.”
“Well sweet thing he hasn’t had a very east life even that’s no excuse. Let me tell you his story then you tell me what he did and if it was that bad I’ll kick his butt for you. Hum where to start.” Senior was in thought for a few minutes then he figured he better be telling the entire story starting in Ben’s high school years. “Well as you know Ben and Veronica got married at eighteen they were high school sweet hearts. They built this place together him the outside and her all the inside stuff. She finally got pregnant after they were married nine years they thought it was a blessing but they found out she had cancer when she was pregnant. She refused all treatment till Benny was born because she knew it would have killed him and sorry to say she died when he was only six months old. So it has been just the two boys since I moved over the hill after Benny was born to help out but nothing has changed around here since. So I guess what I’m saying is it seems Ben is trying to hold on to the past and not move on. Now tell me what that son of mine did so I can decide if I want to yell at him or bend him over my knee.” He looked over at her with a mischievous smile to tell her he was kidding.
She was a little confused about the fact that he wasn’t ready to move on from his wife he must have loved her dearly. But then why try to get to know her when Sarah was obviously trying to set them up even though he wanted nothing to do with it. He probably thought she wasn’t good enough for him so he pushed her way so he wouldn’t have to tell anyone the way that he feels. She sent up a silent pray thanking the lord that she wasn’t with the guy and then answered Senior’s question. “Well he maybe wasn’t such a jerk he just judged me for the way I look and laughed at my house. So maybe like you said he just isn’t ready to move forward.” After that Benny rode out of the barn on his pony looking like his father when he rode away just a smaller version of him. She suddenly felt sad that she would never get to know Ben better since he pushed her away. “Little Benny is a good rider, it looks like he was born for the saddle.” All Senior did was grunt in agreement with her and she suddenly felt guilty of something. Maybe she shouldn’t be telling all her problems to Ben’s father but he is so easy to talk to unlike his son.
A few hours past, of Annabelle watching and encouraging Benny on his pony before Ben and Mary returned. Before she could see them coming over the ridge she could feel in her heart that Ben was getting close and she looked in the direction they would be coming from. She saw a site that almost brought her to her knees. Ben was riding sitting so tall like he belonged there with his hat on and still no shirt. He held the reigns of his horse very loose like he didn’t really need them but dang he looked so good today even being dirty from working and helping a mare bring life into the world. Senior was next to her and she thought she heard him mumble ‘Now that’s the look of love’ but she wasn’t sure so she turned to him and said,”Excuse me?”    
“Nothing my dear just thinking out loud of something I heard once.” She raised one eyebrow to say continue. “Oh dear it is always wise to lift your heart to god and let him lead you where he wants you not where you think you should be.” With that he turned to leave to get Benny out of the barn and to head into the house. She had a few minutes to think about what senior said before Mary and Ben got to where she was. Could Ben be so open about his faith as his father? Could he just not be ready to start living life again for fear of losing again like she was? What did it all mean? She sent up another pray ‘Lord I leave all decisions to you but please help me to see this clearly.’ Once they were at the stables 
Ben was the gentleman and hopped from his horse to help Mary from hers before addressing Annabelle.
“Sorry that took so long I hope you were able to find something to do. And I hope my dad was at least nice.” He was thinking this all sounds stupid why around her did he become completely dumb he wasn’t sure.
“Oh it was fine your father and I talked and enjoyed watching the horses for a while and Benny sure can ride his pony.” Rambling is the only thing she could think of. She needed to get control of herself before she really did something stupid. The only thing she could think clearly on was the fact that his jeans were sitting right on his hip bones and he looked really good without his shirt. She also had the thought of what it would feel like to be in his arms kissing him.
Mary simply coughed to get Annabelle’s attention, “well I’m done here if you are ready we should be going unless ya’ll had some plans to stand in the heat all day for this standoff.” Mary just turned to grab her bag and head for the car to put her things away. Annabelle simply blushed from her head to her toes with the thought that it was that obvious that she was attracted to Ben. Ben couldn’t pull his eyes from Annabelle’s face enjoying the emotion playing out on her face and eyes. He didn’t know what happened but he had the thought that she looked like a sexy angel blushing like that and he must have said it out loud because she suddenly started to get upset with him.
“What?!” was the only thing he said that made it in to his brain to pull him out of his thoughts. 
“Oh you are such a jerk my face is up a little higher if you are going to talk to me.” With that she turned and stormed to the car. Ben couldn’t figure out what he said because he thought he was only thinking things but he must have opened his mouth again. He sent up a prayer of help. He couldn’t figure out what he did so he headed for the barn to take care of the horses while thinking about Annabelle.
Once at the car Mary was looking at Annabelle with both her eyebrows almost to her hair line and a look of what the hell was that. Annabelle just ignored the question on her face and got in the car avoiding the questions only for a minute. Mary got in the car and asked, “You going to tell me what happened back there or just make me guess.”
“Nothing to tell besides he is a jerk and is nothing like the gentleman his father is. Why are all men jerks?” She knew she had tears falling down her cheeks and just swiped at them with the back of her hand to make them go away. She wanted there for a minute to get to know the man but now he was just like every other guy.



Chapter 5
Mary dropped Annabelle off at her house instead of shopping because it was getting late. Annabelle still needed to figure out how she was going to get her bike back from Sarah’s but she would deal with that tomorrow all she wanted to do was get in a hot bubble bath and forget about Ben. On the way to the bath she turned on her stereo and set it to play through the house and the c.d. that came on was Muse she hadn’t even realized she still had all her softer music in the player. She enjoyed her bath but could not get Ben out of her head and all the questions about today. Why was his dad so sweet and forward? Why does Ben always say some of the stupidest things about her? And the biggest question why did he have to call her Belle his angel? She wasn’t his anything why did he say that she was more confused now than she was earlier when everything happened. She gave up on the bath since she was in there so long the water was getting cold. She simply dressed in a simple pair of cotton shorts and a tee shirt. That is when she heard the distinct sound of a Harley headed down the road near her house and she started to miss her bike. She was lost in thought about her bike till she heard the bike pull up to her house and stop. She ran to the door to see a beautiful black bike sitting in her drive with a tall hunk of a man sitting on it when he removed his helmet her breath caught in her throat. She couldn’t believe the man she has been dreaming about for a week was sitting in her drive on a Harley. He spoke first to break the silence while getting off the bike.
“Let me guess you thought I only rode horses. Well I thought we could go for a ride and then head over to Sarah’s to get your bike.” She stood there with a surprised look on her face not able to believe this was true. “Um, Belle would you please say something. Oh crap sorry Annabelle.” Crap he did it again he broke one of her unwritten rules.
“Sorry what?” She finally realized she was saying nothing but just staring at him like a teenager.
“Want to ride? I know you probably have plans but I couldn’t leave today the way it ended.” Annabelle suddenly realized she was standing in her front lawn with her hair just brushed and in her lounging outfit. She had no makeup on and looked a mess.
“Alright I'll go but you have to give me a chance to change, and I didn’t have plans tonight but just a night in.”
“If you want we could do that but I figured you needed to get your bike or we could… Please tell me to shut up or I’ll just keep rambling of things” He ran his hand through his hair looking nerves. She just started to laugh because he was making a fool of himself.
“No come inside and I’ll change then we will go for that ride. I’ve missed the feel of a bike and the wind.” She waited for him to come over to her before heading inside. Ben reached down when he was close enough to grab her hand and brought it to his lips to lightly kiss her knuckles surprising her. His hand almost swallowed her hand and the calluses on it felt really good. She started to think of the way those hands would feel on her body and had to put a stop to those thoughts quickly. 
“Please forgive me for all the stupid things I have said and for the stupid things I’m going to say. Just so you know my brain shuts down every time I’m close to you.” He gave her a small smile to see what her reaction was going to be and hoped he was going to get the response he wanted.
Annabelle was startled at the fact that he was being a gentleman and for apologizing for the things that he said. She whispered back to him, “I thought it was just mine that shut down. Let’s go inside.” With that she turned to pull him into the house still holding his hand. She raced upstairs to put on jeans and a tank top and her boots to go for a ride. She half ran down the stairs to find him looking at her crucifix in the living room it wasn’t a traditional piece a friend made it for her out of different metals. She comes to a stop just a few feet behind him and the spoke in a soft voice. “A really good friend of mine made that for me.”
He turned to look her in the eyes before saying anything. “It’s beautiful just like the owner. I love the feel of your home it seems to portray another side of you and I want to get to know every side there is. I thought I was the only one who enjoyed Muse to relax with I have no friends who even listen to them. Are you ready?” She was dumbfounded by the way he thought about every word he said before saying them to make sure it was the right thing and about the fact that he knew who was playing on her stereo.
“Well now you have a friend who loves Muse but I have to be relaxing to listen. If I showed you my collection of music it probably would blow your mind. Shall we head out it’s going to get dark before too long.” She pulled her hair back to braid it before heading out to ride and started to turn to the door. She was surprised again by his next comment.
“Just so you know you look really good. Let’s head out.” She just then realized she didn’t put any makeup on in her hurry to not make him wait too long and just threw on a pair of jeans and shirt. Once she turned to lead the way she could feel him behind her. Annabelle grabbed her leather jacket off the door knob to the closet just before he spoke again. “Would it be too much to ask what the sunrise on your back is for and maybe someday see the rest of it?”
“It’s a sunset and maybe later I’ll tell ya about it but I don’t show the whole thing to most people.” Ben nodded his head to tell her he understood and would wait for her to be ready to let him into that part of her life.
“Did you want to go get your bike first or did you want to ride together? You decide and we will do.” Ben was hoping and praying she would ride behind him. 
“How bout I ride with you and then maybe get my bike later and then ride together.” Oh she was so ready to have one of her fantasies fulfilled since seeing him of having her arms around him even if it was just from behind. He straddled the bike and held his arm out for her since he knew her bike was a lot smaller than his. She climbed on behind him ready to ride and she made sure to slid right up behind him and put her hands tightly around him. God he felt good to hold onto except her hands barely touch going around him. He looked down and patted her hands. Ben thought she felt good holding on to him she felt so small and he had the urge to protect her. He had a picture of Veronica on this very same bike but she only rode with him if he begged her to go which of course made the ride miserable. He loved that woman but the more he thinks about it there were more things each liked that the other hated. And one of the things he loved was to ride and she wouldn’t even fake it for him even thou he pretended to not hate ballroom dancing for her. Why all the sudden were he having thoughts of the differences between her and who he thought was his soul mate? 
They rode for about two hours and Ben couldn’t have been happier having Annabelle holding on to him it felt right but he was going to have to end the ride soon because he was having thoughts of pulling over and taking her right there on the bike. It was a really good thing he decided to head for Virginia Street, the heart of downtown, so he couldn’t do anything stupid. At the next red light he said, “Shall we go get your bike now?” 
Annabelle was almost disappointed that he wanted to end their time together but then had a thought. “Sure but you want to head back to my house after for some coffee.” 
“Sounds good.” Then the light changed and he headed for Sarah’s house. Once there Sarah and Matt were sitting on the porch swing enjoying the evening together. Sarah suddenly got a cheesy grin on her face knowing that they had spent the last few hours together and they looked really good together. Since Ben had called her earlier asking questions about Annabelle. She happened to let it slip out that Annabelle’s bike was still their garage and knew she was avoiding her because Ben upset her. Sarah looked at them thinking they made the perfect couple. After Ben and Annabelle pulled into the drive they got up to greet them.
“Perfect day for a ride.” Matt said while shaking Ben’s hand at the bottom of the porch. “Maybe I’ll have to think of getting us one of them because you two made it look like it could lead to other things.” Sarah slapped Matt’s arm in a playful jester and Annabelle blushed to her toes. Ben simply coughed to cover the laughter that wanted to escape from him. If only Matt knew all the thoughts that had been going through his head. Annabelle was having the same thoughts just slightly different.
“We just stopped by to grab my bike then we were going to head out.” Annabelle said after she composed herself.
Sarah was trying to think of a way to get Annabelle alone to ask some questions but she knew it wasn’t going to happen. “Alright it’s where you left it and you both are coming for dinner on Wednesday right. Maybe we could all just go out then instead of coming here.”
Ben just simply replied to Sarah while heading to the garage to get the bike, “let’s see what happens and we will all decide next week.” He already had the door open and just headed in to grab the bike the only thing he could think of was getting Annabelle alone again. He didn’t want to knock her down and take her right then and there now but he wasn’t ready to share her with any one yet tonight. He wanted to get the chance to kiss her and see if there were the same sparks there as there has been every time she touched him. 
Annabelle couldn’t figure out what was up with Ben he seemed to be in the biggest hurry to get out of there but why. She thought about it for a minute then what Matt said came back to her mind. That had to be it because on the ride Ben seemed to get stiff when she laid her head on his back and never seemed to relax after. The jerk probably thinks she invited him back to her place for sex and she never has sex on the first date. Hell this wasn’t even classified as a date. That jerk she will just have to let him know how she is she is not an easy woman to get into bed. She stormed over to her bike to get it from Ben and turned to Sarah and Matt then said. “Thanks for holding it here for me. Let’s go.” She just got on the bike started it and started to head down the drive before Ben even realized she was going to leave without him. She instantly felt bad for acting like a child but he had to know he was not getting anything from her.
Ben stood there for a moment dumbfounded that he did it again he upset her and didn’t even know what he did. He just took the three needed steps swung his leg over the bike and brought it to life and went after her like he had done this a thousand times. He caught up to her but allowed her to lead the way and never pulled up next to her. Once in her drive he just looked over at her and said, “What the hell was that about?”
 “About you being a jerk and judging me again.” She already had her bike in the garage and was getting ready to shut the door on him. He walked right up to her toe to toe just a breath away and looked her square in the eyes.
“I didn’t judge a damn thing I think you were the one doing the judging. Now would you tell me what I am guilty of judging you about?” Ben was furious with her for not talking to him and just taking off.
Annabelle could see the anger in his eyes and knew she went too far but she wasn’t going to back down now. “Well for one what did you think I invited you back here for? I’m not just going to jump into bed with you!” She was getting angrier with each word because she had to explain what he did.
“I thought we were coming back for coffee and maybe some conversation. I never thought you would just jump in bed with me. And you can’t tell me you were a perfect angel on that ride. I could tell you were having thoughts when you laid your head on my back. I felt your sigh so don’t tell me I’m the only one here having problems keeping their thoughts pure. God help me I want to have you all of you but I won’t till I put a ring on the finger of the girl again to have that special time with.” Half way through talking he had turned away and started pacing to make sure he could get all of that out before he changed his mind.
Annabelle was shocked that he said all of that. Did he mean to say that he has been pure since his wife died and hasn’t been with anyone? “I… um… I guess I’m the one who needs to apologize now. But I thought the way you were acting at Sarah’s you thought we would… Oh crap I really messed this one up didn’t I?”
“It’s fine Belle but I normally don’t tell the world that stuff and I think I just told your entire neighborhood that I haven’t had sex in nearly five years. Don’t get me wrong it’s not like I haven’t had the chance I just believe so much in my faith that… oh crap you know all this about the bible I’ll just shut up now. I made a promise that whoever I’m with it would not be about sex but love.” He ran his hand through his hair, a nervous habit she was really starting to like. And she was also starting to love the way he called her Belle. She couldn’t believe that after the way she just treated him he was here telling her the most private thing in his life. She needed to say something to help in his embarrassment or he might just turn and leave.
“Did you still want that coffee?” Annabelle was sending up prayers that he would say yes.
“Only if you still want me to stay after everything I have just said.” He was thanking god that he didn’t mess up such a great day. She turned to head into the house and waved him forward to follow her. She just had to not do anything else stupid before the evening ended to ruin such a perfect day. She was surprised that he still wanted to be with her after the way she acted.
They spent a five hours drinking coffee and talking in Annabelle’s living room before Ben realized it was getting late. Suddenly he said, “Crap what time is it?”
“Um it’s ten why?”
“Crap I missed tucking Benny in for the night. I was supposed to be home hours ago.” Ben stood off the couch to grab his cell from his back pocket and saw there were no missed calls from his dad asking where he was. Ben thought that was weird cause he is never out this late except Wednesdays so why isn’t his dad wondering where he was. All he told him was he would be back when he left that afternoon.
“Sorry I kept you out so late. Maybe next time we should be at your house so you don’t miss bed time.” Ben looked at her with a surprised look because he was truly surprised that she said next time and the fact she was thinking of Benny. “What don’t look at me like that? Half of what you told me tonight included Benny and I can tell he is an important part of your life as he should be. Besides I think the little guy has a crush on me.”
Ben leaned down over her pinning her on the couch to whisper in her ear, “Not as much as his dad.” He then brushed his lips in a light kiss near her ear and then stood up. “Well I better leave. I’ll be at the ranch all day tomorrow if you would like to come out. Sorry but I have to finish the work I left from today tomorrow.”
“I’d love to but I usually go to church Saturday nights since I work Sunday.”
Ben was upset for a moment then had a thought, “why not bring a change of clothes with you and you can clean up at the house and then all of us can go with you. Of course if you don’t mind having us go with you. Crap rambling again how ‘bout if you want to just show up and to let me know. I’ll just go now before I make more of a fool of myself. Good night Belle.” Ben then walked to the door and left for the night.
Annabelle wasn’t sure if she wanted to share church with Ben yet but it did sound really good. She knew if she showed up with Ben she would have a lot of questions to answer from Mary. Every Saturday was the same thing for her and Mary meet at church to finish out another week. She needed to talk to Mary but was it to late she texted Mary to see if she got a response. She didn’t have to wait too long because her phone was ringing. Mary said she went out tonight and was pretty close and would just swing by.
Annabelle didn’t have to wait too long for Mary to show up and then Annabelle had to give her a recap of the day and night with Ben. After she was done with her recap all Mary could say was “you mean to tell me you spent the entire day with him and you didn’t even get a real kiss? What is wrong with that boy? How could he not even give you a real good night kiss? Then all he does was to invite you out to the ranch to spend the day working with him.”
Annabelle thought about what Mary said but at least she didn’t think he only wants her there to work. “Well, tell me should I go and then have him and Benny come to church with me? And what the heck do I wear to church?” She started to twirl a strand of hair on her finger. Mary looked at her while she was twirling her hair and then got a big smile.
Mary slowly answered all her questions. “Well you could probably wear a burlap sack and he would still call you beautiful and sure you should bring him. You do realize you are twirling your hair which means only one thing. You do really like him!”  Mary was so excited about it she ended up spending the night with Annabelle. 
 ~
Ben couldn’t get the sweet smell of vanilla out of his thoughts the exact soft smell of Annabelle. He had to run away from her before he wanted to take her in his arms and never let go of her. All he could do was pray she would show up tomorrow and hopefully he didn’t make a fool of himself. He already knew he was going to have dreams of Annabelle all night long but he would enjoy each of them.




Chapter 6
Saturday morning came too early for Ben after him getting to bed well after midnight and then dreaming of Annabelle all night. Went to the kitchen to get his morning coffee and headed out the back porch to watch the sun come up. To his surprise his dad was already out on the porch with his morning cup. Ben almost dropped his coffee and then quickly recovered to talk to his dad but his dad spoke first. “Ben, sit and join me.” After Ben had sat Senior continued. “How was your day with Annabelle?”
Ben was startled that he was starting with that. They had a rule between themselves that each other’s personal life was personal and the other wouldn’t get involved. He finally had to respond to senior. “Well it was good and we got to get to know each other. “ Ben took a deep breath readying himself for what his father had in mind because he had the feeling this wasn’t going to end very well. “Alright Dad just ask what you really want to know.” He knew he sounded shorter than he really wanted to.
“Hey don’t get an attitude with me. I was enjoying the morning air and you joined me remember. But since you asked have you thought how she is going to feel about Benny. You do realize most women don’t enjoy raising somebody else’s kid.” Crap Ben realized he hadn’t thought about how she would be with Benny but it’s not like she was moving in today.
“No Dad I haven’t thought of that. Besides we only spent one day together to see if we are even compatible and that’s it so far. How was she with him when she was over here the other day?” Senior thought about his question for a minute before answering.
“Well to be honest I have never seen a woman act the way she did. Everything Benny did she took it in strides and was patient with he. She even gave him a hug when he came running around the corner and ran to her. Most women don’t act like a child she doesn’t know deserves to have a hug at their level when she sees them.” Senior took a drink of his coffee to give Ben time to think of what he said. “But I want to know what is with the spiked collars she wears and what is the rest of that tattoo on her back?”
“You and me both, Dad. She didn’t tell me about her tattoos but yesterday I noticed she has a small frog on her ankle as well. Trust me she pulled at my heart in ways Veronica never did. Why the hell do I keep comparing the two?” He was getting angry with himself because he loved Veronica and with each new thing he learned about Annabelle he compared the two.
“Do yourself a favor son treat each woman separate? Veronica was a good woman for you when she was here but to be honest I never thought she was your soul mate. You two just didn’t seem to have the love your mom and I had. You only get to find that type of love once and when you have it hold onto it with both hands.” With that final statement Senior dumped the rest of his coffee in the grass and went in the house.   
Ben had a lot of thinking to do today but he needed to get his work done today which included checking the fence line. He figured he better get a move on if he was going to get anything done today so he went to get the day started. He sent up a silent pray before heading inside of “Lord gives me the strength and the wisdom to see what your plans are and to except what you want not what I want.’
~
Annabelle woke the next morning long after the sun come up which wasn’t surprising because her and Mary stayed up till past three am talking. After she finally went to sleep all she dreamed about was holding on to Ben. She decided she would go out to his ranch and spend the day with him and Benny. She wasn’t sure of what she was getting herself into because she had never worked on a ranch and didn’t know how much work there was but at least she knew how to ride a horse. What was she going to do about the way she was feeling for Ben and how was everyone out at the ranch going to treat her. No matter what she wore out there she would never look like she belonged there. So she decided to get it over with and put on her favorite jeans, her black spaghetti strap tank top with denim over shirt left unbuttoned and her heeled boots. She decided to pull her hair back in a ponytail instead of braiding it. She got her dress and shoes for tonight ready and then she figured she better grab a matching set of under garments for tonight in case she needs to take a shower out there. 
She decided to drive her little Dakota pickup out there instead of her bike even though it was a perfect day for a ride. The sun was shining down on the valley and there were clouds hanging around the tops. She knew today would be a beautiful day, hopefully everything went great.
When she pulled up to Ben’s house she saw Senior holding on to Benny’s shirt keeping him from running in front of her truck. Once she was out of the pickup Senior let go and Benny took off like a streak of light heading straight at her. She was surprised about the fact that Benny was this excited to see her she started to wonder what Ben had said to him about her. She was brought out of her thoughts by Benny yelling at her in a voice that only a four year old make the high pitched with all his happiness behind it. “BELLS BELLS BELLS, you came!” He ran straight to her and she scooped down to pick him up in to a bear hug.
“Benny sweet pea what are you doing today?” She placed a kiss on his forehead.
“We get to ride to Daddy! Come.” Benny said while wiggling to get down. “Come Bell Pa and I got you a horse.” She looked over at Senior.
“Ben is down at the river working on some fence line I had a picnic lunch for the three of you. And yes Benny and I saddled up a horse for you. She is a gentle one sorry we weren’t sure how your riding skills are.” Senior started to look away with embarrassment.
“I actually am pretty good on a horse but is there some place I can put my things?” She asked Senior not sure how much Ben had told him about the plans that were never actually made. “I brought my church clothes with me and I need to hang up my dress.”
“Oh um I guess I could put them in the house for you. Then you and Benny could head down to Ben.” With that he took the bags from her and handed her the packed basket of food. Senior turned and headed into the house to take care of her belongings for her. 
“Well Benny you ready to head down to your dad?” He ran ahead of her to the corals where his pony and a chestnut mare were waiting for them. She was a little worried about riding away from the house with Benny and not having anyone else with them but she figured if Senior was telling her to take Benny down to his dad then everything should be alight. “Benny how far away is your dad?”
“He’s close. Bells are you going to be my mommy?” Benny had completely thrown her a curve ball with that one she didn’t know how to answer such an innocent question. So of course she went in a different direction than the one he was leading with that question.
“Are you ready? And what’s this girl’s name?”
“Molly.” That was his only answer before getting on his pony and turning in the direction of his dad. “Ok this way.” And he was off as soon as she was on her horse. They headed away from the house towards the river once they cleared the hill near the river she saw the most beautiful site she had ever seen. A herd of wild mustangs were along the river leading their young to the place to cross the river. The horses were so beautiful in their wild beauty she didn’t hear Benny talking to her. “Dad is over there.” She looked to see where he was pointing and could see a cluster of trees by the river and sure enough Ben was over there working on his fence. She couldn’t draw her eyes from him he looked just like the first time she had seen him out here with Mary. He of course had on his jeans riding low on his hips, his cowboy boots, and didn’t have on a shirt. God he looked really good in his element on the ranch. She started to get a little nervous because she didn’t know if she could belong here. 
~
Ben looked up from his fence to see the most beautiful site he had ever seen. Annabelle and his son riding toward him, he was completely surprised that she came today. She looked beautiful today in her jeans, button up shirt undone and her hair pulled back. Of course she had on her favorite jewelry but he didn’t mind it anymore it was who she was. He had to draw his eyes away from her to make sure his son was alright and Benny had the largest smile on his face. Ben was a little jealous because he has never gotten a smile that big from his son, but if he was riding with Annabelle he probably would have the same size grin on his face. He looked back over at Annabelle and saw she also had a smile on her face like she was happy to at his home. Then Benny got his attention, “Daddy, Bells came and pa packed lunch.”
“Benny son her name is Annabelle.” He said to correct him when Benny got off his pony and dropped the reigns. Annabelle surprised him the most with her response to what he said.
“It’s fine he can call me whatever he likes.” She smiled down at Benny and then quickly regretted what she said. 
“Ok mommy.” Benny said before running off to go play. Ben’s mouth dropped open and Annabelle blushed to her toes.
“I’m sorry I didn’t mean for him to get the idea that I 'ment that.” She didn’t know of anything to say so she started get the basket off the horse to set it out and see what Senior sent for them. 
“What did you mean? I wonder where he got that idea.” Ben was talking to himself in wonder of what his son said. The strangest thing is he had only met Annabelle and Benny wanted her as his mom.
 “I ‘ment if he is comfortable calling me Bells it was fine and before we left the house he asked if I was going to be his mommy. I didn’t know how to answer him so I didn’t and then I just opened a new can by telling him he could call me whatever he liked. I’m sorry I didn’t mean to make your job even harder trying to explain me to him.” She gave up trying to explain things so she started to dig in the basket of food. 
“I’ll deal. Just so you know you have been the most beautiful site I have seen this morning.” He came up behind he to place his arms around her waist for a hug. He smelled her vanilla sent first and it drew him in closer. The moment he realized what he was doing his arms were around her waist and she was leaning back into him. Her head was leaning to one side to give him access to her neck so he laid soft kisses along her jaw. He then whispered in her ear, “Sorry I didn’t mean to.”
“Don’t.” was all she could say to him and she placed her hands over his on her stomach. She loved the way his arms felt around her and the feel of him behind her. She felt the safest in her life in this moment. She shook herself mentally what Love where did that come from she has only known Ben a few days. She closed her eyes and sent a pray, ‘Lord give me the strength here.’
They enjoyed their lunch of cold fried chicken, potato salad and root beers. They almost acted like they were a family together eating on the ranch under the trees. Ben was startled to be thinking that they were a family already they all barely knew each other. He could see in his mind the three of them doing this more in the future but first Annabelle needed to trust him. Ben finished the fence after lunch while Annabelle entertained Benny down by the river. Once he was done fixing the fence he walked over to the two of them and watched them for a minute and realized that Benny wasn’t going to be a problem for her. After one afternoon with him she treated he wonderful almost like he was her child. She made sure to be patient with him and she only got upset with him when he got too close to the river and she didn’t feel it was safe for him. He had to get himself doing something anything or he was going to say something stupid. “Shall we do the grand tour of the place before we head back to clean up?” Ben asked the two of them afraid to ask if they were going to church together or even mention it. 
“Sure I would love to see the rest of the ranch. Will Benny’s pony keep up with us?” Annabelle asked him with concern in her voice sounding like a parent and then wondered where that came from.
“No, Trigger can’t keep up with us, but Benny will stay where I can see him because he knows the ranch already and will get bored with us anyways. We only have about an hour to see the place if you were still going to church tonight.” Ben was hoping for her to bring up if she wanted them to join her or not.
“Well then we better hurry if we all are going to have time to clean up. Show me all of your hard work. Benny are you riding with us?” Annabelle turned away from Ben because she didn’t want to see if Ben was going to turn down her offer. They rode together with Benny riding close but not right next to them. Ben showed her most of the property in a large circle ending back at the house. Todd his ranch hand came out of the barn when they all rode up and headed towards them.
“Boss everything looks good with the herd and if you want I’ll take care of the horses since I still have the barn chores to finish tonight. Sorry Miss.” Todd tipped his hat to acknowledged Annabelle but kept all comments to himself. Ben got off his horse and went to help Annabelle down but by the time he got there she was already on the ground.
“Todd this is Annabelle. Annabelle, Todd my ranch hand who stays in the apartment above the barn.” She simply nodded at Todd and then Ben continued. “I’ll have to introduce you to Derek and Kate during the week sometime.”
“Nice to meet you miss.”
“Same here Todd. Ben how is Derek and Kate?” She had a pain of jealousy hit her and she didn’t like it one bit. Ben could see the Kate part was upsetting her so he didn’t waste any time in answering her.
“Derek is my foreman on the ranch and Kate is his wife they live over in dad’s old house. But Kate takes care of the house and the cooking since none of us men are very good at it according to her.” He started to laugh but covered it up with a cough because he could see she was getting jealous over Kate.
“Oh I guess you men have to eat around here don’t you.” Now she felt like an idiot for jumping to conclusions of Kate. She looked down at herself and saw she was filthy from being outside all afternoon and being on a horse. “Oh great! Now I need a shower I can’t go to church smelling like a horse.” What the heck was she going to do now she had her shower bag she carried for at the hospital with her but could she take a shower at Ben’s house knowing he was under the same roof as she was and keep her mind where it needed to be. Changing was one thing but a shower, come on.
“Well Belle I do have showers in the house and you are more than welcome to one.”  He tried not to laugh at her because he knew having her in his house taking a shower was going to be murder on him and give him new fantasies of her. Just the thought of water going places he wanted to be was assaulting his mind already. 
Once inside he gave her the grand tour entering the front door into a large living room with a fire place that took up almost an entire wall, then to the back of his home where the kitchen, his office, Senior’s room and a play room for Benny was. Upstairs was two guest rooms, Benny’s room, a bath room and his room. She was surprised that a log cabin could have so much room inside and the feel of it was homey and not like a hunting lodge. Veronica must have been the one to do the interior decorating and the setup of how the house would be set up. Each room had its own feel to it up was all very comfortable together. Once upstairs Senior yelled up to them, “I put her things in your room because I figured she didn’t want to get cleaned up around Benny’s toys in the other bathroom.” They both knew he had a Cheshire grin on his face planning all this out. To her surprise he was a little shy about showing her his room because he knew the sexual tension would begin being in his room together.
“Well obvious Dad has plans of his own. I’ll leave you to get cleaned up and I will get Benny and I cleaned and meet you down stairs.” He headed to his closet to grab his clothes and then headed to the bathroom to grab his few things in there. He never looked at her while she stood in the middle of his room and she knew why. Both their bodies were working against them and wanted to come together. But they still hadn’t even kissed why the tension Annabelle couldn’t figure it out. She put it all out of her mind after Ben left the room. She looked around his domain. His king size four poster bed matched all the dressers and night stands in the room and next to the door of the room was a small leather couch. The room didn’t feel cluttered but warm and inviting. She noticed the two doors for the closets on both sides of the door for the bathroom. The bathroom was huge with a large two person tub and two person shower at one end and the dual sink made her start to giggle. She thought defiantly Veronica had set up the entire house down to the last detail. Now she knew why he ran away from her and this area because he knew it would be trouble for him. 
~
All three men waited down stairs for Annabelle to come down stairs. Ben started to pace the floor waiting for her. Senior started to laugh at him. “Son sit you need to learn how to wait for a woman. Sit you are going to scare her if she comes down and you are pacing.” Ben heard a noise at the top of the stairs and looked up to see an angel heading down the stairs. She wore a black sun dress that came to her knees with a pair of ballet slipper shoes. Her hair was down but pulled away from her face with a beret. The thing that caught his eye was her choice of jewelry. She didn’t have on her usual but a ribbon around her neck with a small but very detailed cross hanging from the ribbon. She had to look more beautiful than an actual angel, Ben had never seen a woman who could be in so much black but still shine the way she did. The entire site took his breath away for a moment. “Annabelle you look stunning.” Senior said to get Ben’s attention and get him to move.
“Bells is purty Daddy.” Benny said jumping off the couch and running to Annabelle. She of course blushed to her toes with all the complements and the men staring at her. She waited for Ben to say something, but all he did for a few more moments was stare at her while being frozen.
Well since he was going to speak she would. “Ben you look good tonight. I think I like you in slacks better than Jeans.” She blushed again because she couldn’t believe she just said that and in front of everyone. She liked the look of him in his black slacks, white button up shirt, that he left the two top buttons undone, and his black cowboy boots but did she have to tell the world.
That woke Ben up, “You are amazing. I love the dress on you. Shall we head to church it’s just you Benny and Me tonight.” Annabelle took Benny’s hand to lead him out. At the door Ben held his elbow out for her but leaned down to whisper in her ear before going out the door. ‘You have no idea what the way you look tonight is doing to me.’ 
~
They each took their own cars to the church because afterwards Annabelle had to head home to sleep for work in the morning. At church they sat with Mary and had Benny between them but they each still had a hard time focusing on what was going on. Annabelle kept trying to sneak glances at Ben but each time she looked over at him he was looking at her. She couldn’t believe she was having this effect on him and at church, let alone the fact he was driving her crazy with the look in his eyes of desire. Ben had the hardest time looking forward the entire time at church and when the sermon was done he picked Benny up instead of letting him walk so he had something to keep him busy. The only thing that was on his mind, since he saw Annabelle come down the stairs was locking her in his arms and kissing her.
After they left church they knew they wouldn’t see each other this week till Thursday because Annabelle had to work late on Wednesday and wasn’t able to join him for dinner with Matt and Sarah.




Chapter 7
 Thursday afternoon was a cool and raining, Matt, Todd, Derek, and Ben were on the hill above the house moving cattle to another pasture. They were just finishing shutting the gat to the pasture when Ben’s cell phone went off. Ben answered the phone already in a bad mood from being out in the rain for several hours already and answered it on speaker phone to try to keep it dry. “What Sarah?” Sarah didn’t even notice his attitude. ‘Please tell me Annabelle is with you!’ “No she should just be leaving the hospital. What is going on you seem upset?” ‘Well we had a really bad child abuse case come in today. Annabelle is the one who treated her but the child died and now we can’t find Annabelle anywhere.’ “What the hell? How do you lose a person?” ‘Well somebody found her coat outside in the garage and her bike is gone. The worst part of the whole thing is the father of the child knows Annabelle treated his kid but he is not in custody and the police are hunting him down. Now that nobody can find Annabelle the cops got worried for her safety.’ Ben was getting angrier with each word Sarah said and the boys were circling around him to see what he wanted them to do. “Shit Sarah what...” Just then Todd yelled over his shoulder, “She’s just turned down the drive.” 
Ben looked up to see that she was in fact heading toward the house on her bike. “Tell the cops she is safe she is with me.” Ben then hung up on Sarah and grabbed the reigns of his horse and had it run at full speed toward the house when he rounded the corner of the house he saw Annabelle getting closer. He didn’t realize the boys were hot on his heels till he came to a stop and jumped off his horse and all three of the boys dismounted with him.  He took one look at her and was crushed she looked like she had no life in her eyes and she wasn’t even really there. She pulled up close to the house and stopped but never actually looked at Ben even though he was heading straight for her. Matt was close on his heels heading for her, Ben reached out to her one second before she passed out and Matt had to catch the bike before it fell on both of them. Ben held her in his arms close to his chest. He then realized she had passed out but was shivering violently from being wet and cold. He looked up at Matt.
“Get her warm quickly but not too fast. We will take care of things out here. ” Was all Matt said to Ben before he turned and headed for the house the only way he knew to get her warm was the shower. So he headed straight in and went upstairs to his shower to get her warm. He knew Matt would call and get Sarah out here to look her over before he even made it upstairs. Senior came out of the kitchen the moment he entered the house with Annabelle in his arms. He shook his trench coat off while trying to not shake her too much.
“What happened?” Senior asked.
“She rode here in the rain. When Sarah gets here send her up stairs Matt should of already called her and can you…” Ben said while heading for the stairs before Senior interrupted him.
“You worry about her I’ll take care of the house and Kate has Benny. Hurry!” Senior answer to him while turning to head to the kitchen to make some hot tea for everybody because he knew it would be a long night. Ben just continued upstairs and went to the shower and praying the entire time that she would be alright. “Please god not yet. Not this one too.” He started to say out loud while turning on the shower once it was warm enough he just stepped in holding Annabelle. He didn’t even care that they were both fully dress and he still had on his boots. 
~
Annabelle thought she was dreaming but she smelled leather, hay, and Stetson cologne, all the distinct smells of Ben. She could feel she was waking up some more and noticed she was on flannel sheets so this wasn’t her bed because she only has silk sheets. She tried to get her mind to remember what had happened but came up blank. The only thing she could remember was being at the hospital and a toddler dying in her arms. She felt warm where she was and decided to open her eyes. It took her a moment to realize there was a candle on the night stand next to her burning and she took her time looking around to figure out where she was. That is when she looked over towards the door and saw Ben sitting on the small couch in his bedroom. He had his head leaned back on the wall and was asleep. She watched him sleep for a moment before she slid to the edge of the bed to head over to him to wake him up. She walked quietly over to where he was then whispered, “Ben.”
He sat straight up and looked right into her eyes. He had to shake his head before he spoke because he wanted to make sure he was awake. “Belle?” She simple nodded to answer him. “Would you care to explain what the hell happened today?” She wanted to explain what happened but had no idea.
“I wish I could. Can I join you?”
“Come here.” He held his arms open for her to sit on his lap so he could hold her. He wrapped his arms around her like he never wanted to let go after she sat across his lap with her feet on the sofa. “What time is it? Crap I probably should tell Sarah you are awake.”
“Sarah, what is she doing here?” She then looked down and realized she was wearing a large tee shirt and couldn’t remember how she got in that or why she was sleeping in Ben’s bed. “What am I wearing and why am I in your room?” She couldn’t come up with any of the reasons behind how she got here.
“Well that’s one of my shirts and you really don’t remember a thing do you?” She was afraid to look at him so she simply shook her head against his chest to answer him. “Well do you want me to tell you what happened?” She nodded unsure if she really wanted to know. “Well I’ll tell you what I know, you were at the hospital today when a very young toddler came in and she couldn’t be saved is what Sarah told me. The next thing she knew nobody could find you. Sarah called me to see if you were here and at the time you were not but Todd saw you coming and we all headed down here to see what was going on. When Matt and I got close to you all you did was pass out. You were so cold from riding in the rain in just your tank top and jeans I had to get you warm so you and I headed for the shower.” She jerked her head away from him startled. “No we both stayed dressed, once you started to get warm is when Sarah showed up. She took care of you by getting you out of your wet clothes and getting you into bed. I have sat here waiting for you to wake up. I was afraid I was going to lose you. Please don’t ever do that to me again?” Ben held her tighter afraid she was going to go somewhere.
“Oh my god! I remember being at the hospital and her dying. I remember her father’s eyes when he just stood there. He had no emotion to him but when the cops showed up he just disappeared. I don’t know what happened after the girl died or how I got here.” She started to cry and Ben just held her to allow it all out. After she was spent of tears she looked up at Ben. “I’m sorry I was such a pain.”
“It doesn’t matter now as long as you are fine. You better get some more sleep. I’ll just stay here since there isn’t an empty bed in this house.” Ben stood to carry her back to the bed so she could get more sleep. Once he had her back under the covers in his bed he leaned down to kiss her forehead. He turned to go back to the couch but Annabelle had a hold of his hand and didn’t let go.
“Don’t go stay right here with me.”
“Are you sure?” He questioned her and she nodded so he lay behind her on top of the covers afraid to get to close. He was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to keep his promise of no sex before she was his wife but being in his bed with her was going to be a test.
“Who all is here and why are they here?” Annabelle asked.
“Well Sarah and Matt are in the first guest room. Derek and Kate are in the second guest room. Mary is on the futon in my office and Todd went back to his apartment but they are here because they were worried about you. You gave us all one hell of a scare today.” With Ben’s answer she knew everyone here loved her for who she is. She curled up closer to Ben and fell asleep again. Ben on the other hand took a little bit longer to go to sleep because he was still concerned about her so he watched her sleep for a bit then drifted off with her.  




Chapter 8
Annabelle awake again to the sun shining on her face but she wasn’t lying on a pillow anymore. She felt the heartbeat of her new pillow and then she pulled back from it. She had been lying on Ben’s bare chest and he was sitting up leaning on the pillows holding her. Ben smiled at her before he spoke. “Good morning beautiful.” She smiled at him. “Coffee is ready and everyone is waiting down stairs for us. Mary brought you clean clothes and if you are finally ready to let me out of this bed I really need to.”
Oh great now she was holding the man of her dreams hostage in his own bed was not the way she thought the first time in his bed would be. “What all did I do last night?” 
“If you are worried about us sleeping together nothing happened except what you see. When I went to get up this morning you wouldn’t let me you curled up like you are now so I staid. Just so you know this is the latest I have been in bed in a long time. Sarah and Mary came to check on you a few hours ago and they said you would be fine.” Ben have to try to keep his eyes off of her because his tee shirt on her was riding up her hip and he was getting an eyeful and didn’t want to cause her any more stress. But she put both hands on his face and forced him to look her in the eye.
“Thank you.” She said before she leaned in to kiss him at first just a light kiss on the lips. Ben placed one hand on the back of her neck and he couldn’t take it anymore he had to have one taste of her. He slid his tongue along her bottom lip just to have that one taste. She was better than a fine wine and he released a soft growl because he wanted more. She caught his growl in her mouth when she opened hers for his invitation to be allowed in. He took the cue and dove right in tasting every crevice of her mouth. Her hands slid into his hair to hold him where he was and his other hand went to her hip to draw her closer. Ben broke the kiss first by kissing down her jaw line to her ear and Annabelle was responsive to his every touch by leaning her head to the side. He stopped at her ear and whispered to her, “God I want you but not now. Not like this.”  Annabelle pulled her hands from his hair and placed them on his chest to push away from him but she was unable with his hand on the back of her neck.
“Forgive me. Please stay where you are for one more minute.” Ben said to her to stop her from pulling away from him again. Ben leaned his forehead on hers and too took a couple of deep breaths before he spoke again. “I won’t take you unless you are my wife. I’m sorry.” Ben then allowed her to move away from him and he rolled to the other side of his bed to have his back to her. “Please don’t be angry with me Belle.” Annabelle sat on the other side of the bed but didn’t say anything because she had tears falling down her cheeks and didn’t trust her voice. “Belle? Please say something.” That’s when he heard her sniffle like she was crying. He knew he had hurt her now and he was the only one who could fix it. So he went to the other side of the bed to face her tears. She looked away from him the moment he squatted in front of her. Ben placed one finger on her chin and guided her to look at him. “Belle please do not be upset with me and at least let me explain what I said.”
“I understand you don’t want me as much as I want you.” Annabelle turned away so she didn’t have to see the rejection in his eyes. But it didn’t work Ben placed both of her hands in his and started to circle his thumbs on the back of her hands. She of course looked down at their hands.
“Belle I want you so bad most nights I don’t get any sleep thinking and dreaming of you but that’s not why I have to stop this. When Veronica and I got married we only got married because of sex. Nobody knew but she got pregnant after we graduated high school and I said my child will have a father. So we got married well the excitement of sex started to fizzle out pretty quickly. Sad to say she lost the baby a month after we were married but we stuck it out. When Veronica was sick she made me promise to never marry for sex again but make sure it was real love. We did have a good marriage but it could have been a lot better. I don’t want sex to destroy what is growing here. Does any of this make sense?”
Annabelle looked him in the eye and could tell he was telling her the truth about his desire for her she could see it burning there. “So what you are saying is you want your soul mate to be your next partner.”
Ben kissed the back of each of her hands then thanked god she was still covered by the quilt on his bed before he answered her. “Yes that’s what I’m saying. Can you wait with me to find out where this goes before we do anything?” Annabelle nodded her response and pulled her hands free to place them on each side of his face. She pulled his face to her and lightly kissed his lips.
“Yes I will wait. We better get out of here then. Or I’m not making any promises.” Ben breathed a sigh of relief that she wasn’t upset anymore and was willing to wait. He stood to allow her to get out of bed. “You first or me for the bath room?”
“How 'bout you take the bathroom I’ll just get dressed in here.” Ben grabbed her bag that Mary had left on the bench at the end of the bed and took it to the bathroom for her. They both got dressed in their respective areas but Annabelle couldn’t get what he said out of her mind. She also couldn’t figure out how and why she ended up coming out here. Normally when she had a really bad day at the hospital she went to Mary but she didn’t this time and was worried why she had done that.
~
Once Ben and Annabelle entered the kitchen the force of love for her hit her. She slowly looked around the table to everyone sitting there drinking coffee. Matt, Senior and Derek were at one end of the table talking and Kate and Sarah were at the stove getting lunch ready for the crowd. She also saw Todd and Mary sitting together with Benny laughing at what Benny had just said. She could feel the tears in her eyes again but refused to allow them to fall so she blinked twice to hold them at bay. All the chatter in the room stopped and everyone looked at Annabelle to see how she was. Annabelle started to blush because she knew all this was for her. Mary left Todd and Benny to head over to her to give her a hug. Mary whispered to Annabelle, “If you ever scare me like that again I… I… God Annabelle I love you.” Mary and Annabelle both knew the tears had started for them both. When Annabelle pulled herself away from her sister she saw Sarah and Kate standing before her. Sarah took her into her arms for a hug and Kate hugged her also which surprised Annabelle since she hadn’t met her before today.
“Coffee dear? I just made a fresh pot since all the boys drank it all.” Kate smiled at Annabelle and then turned to Ben. “I think the boys need to talk to you.” Ben stayed right next to Annabelle almost like he was afraid something was going to happen to her. Kate was an older woman but was still beautiful. She was about fifty with graying blond hair and a short full figure but her eyes were defiantly the windows to her soul. She showed Annabelle the love for her there without even knowing her.
“Yes some coffee would be great.” Kate shooed her to sit at the table and headed to get her some coffee. Once she was seated Derek leaned over the table to introduce himself and while shaking Annabelle’s hand he finally spoke to her.
“Welcome to the family.” Derek was as tall as Ben and built for the work he did. His salt and pepper hair and tanned leather skin showed he spent most of his time outdoors. “Sorry we haven’t met before today but now that we have I see why Ben is so smitten with you.” Kate walked up behind Derek just then and slapped his shoulder in a playful jester. 
“Don’t you go getting any ideas mister?” Kate said while smiling at Derek and handing Annabelle her coffee. “Dear all the fixings for the coffee are on the table let me know if you need anything else.” Kate smiled at her as if she had known forever.” Derek pulled Kate onto his lap and kissed her.
“Never my dear then I would have to train another to cook all my favorite foods.” The banter of the couple still acting like newlyweds after such a long marriage was refreshing to Annabelle but she noticed the only one watching them was Mary everybody else just ignored the couple. Derek put an arm around Kate to hold her where she was and then turned to talk to Ben. “Well boss everything has been taken care of on the ranch maybe we should all have the rest of the day off” Derek wasn’t asking Ben but was in his own way telling him what was going to happen.
“Sounds good to me.” Ben said to Derek without even taking his eyes off Annabelle. Ben couldn’t believe everything that had happened in the last two weeks. He couldn’t believe that he may have found his soul mate but he had to wait to see if she loved him as well. Love where the hell had that come from, but he didn’t have much time to think on that because Sarah spoke.
“Annabelle do you remember what happened yesterday?” Ben became defensive like he wanted to protect Annabelle from having to relive what happened but knew he had to let this happen.
“I remember being at the hospital and the girl coming in with the bad burns and she died but that is the only thing I remember. No wait I remember this guy came in with her but his eyes scared me. He had no emotion in his eyes like he didn’t care she was hurt. But then he was gone. The next thing I remember was waking up in the middle of the night and Ben was there waiting for me. Was that man her father and what happened?” Annabelle wanted to know what Sarah knew but was afraid to.
“Yes that was her father and yes he did that to her. After she died the cops started asking questions and then we noticed a few hours later that you were gone. Somebody found your coat and badge outside and the fact that your bike was gone. To be honest we all thought something happened to you. When I called Ben to find out if you were here he yelled at me but I didn’t notice till later. Todd saw you turn down the drive and when they got down here you just passed out in Ben’s arms. But you were so cold Ben did the right thing by warming you quickly. Matt called me and I rushed over here to help with what I could. Mary was called who called you Mary?”
Mary blushed before she answered. “Well Todd actually called me at the office.” Mary looked up at Todd to thank him for thinking about letting her know what was going on but Todd just nodded to her to tell her it was alright. 
“What happened to the father?” Annabelle had to know this evil man was taken care of.
“Well that’s the weird thing the cops found him after his wife called them to tell them to come arrest her because she just shot her soon to be ex. The cops called me to tell me what happened a few hours ago. It was all very upsetting but I want to know how you rode around for a few hours and then finally ended up here.” Sarah was still trying to figure that out since the ranch was only a ten minute drive from the hospital.
“I have no idea heck I don’t even remember riding or leaving the hospital.” Annabelle was starting to get worried that she may have put herself in danger.
That’s when Matt spoke for the first time in the conversation. “She was protected to leave where she was and protected to get here safe. I’m not saying she took the short route to get here, but I think god wanted to protect her and he did in the only way he knew how.” Everyone looked a Matt like he just sprouted two heads for what he just said. “What don’t look at me like that? Think about it she left the hospital with a mad man who just killed his child still on the loose and she made it here safely. Who else in this world could have done that but god making sure she was safe.” Matt put a firm end to that conversation by picking up his coffee cup and then said to Ben. “Hey don’t let that one get away she is a special one.” Sarah walked over to Matt to be close to her man. She put her hand on his shoulder and he covered it with one of his.
Kate and Sarah got lunch on the table and everyone dug in after the pray was said. Annabelle, Ben and Benny sat together just as if they were a family. Senior watched the scene around him sending up prayers of thanks for this family. Strange as it seemed they all fit together very well all the cowboys and the city girls seemed a good fit to him. They all spent the day together in the house and on the porch that wrapped around. Late into the evening everyone started to disperse and went to their homes except Annabelle. Ben asked her to stay the night he wasn’t ready to be far from her. She agreed and they spent late into the night just talking and holding each other. Annabelle must have fallen asleep in the living room because she found herself in Ben’s bed for the second time. Ben wasn’t there with her but there was a note on the table next to the bed. All it said was:
Sleep well I’m just in the next room if you need me. Love Ben
Did he really mean to say he loved her? She thought could she love him before she fell back to sleep and started to dream. Her dream wasn’t of her and Ben in bed together this time. No this time she dreamed of her wedding day and Ben was the groom.




Chapter 9
Annabelle and Ben spent Saturday together with Benny just getting to know each other better. That evening they went to church together and Annabelle returned to her house to begin her work week. Once she was at her house by herself she had time to think about her weekend. She was happy to spend her weekend not doing much but relaxing riding horses and spending time with Ben. She was beginning to miss having his protective nature around her but she was back in her own domain. Annabelle started to wonder if the life she had was enough or if she wanted more.
Annabelle and Ben hadn’t seen each other all week because of the different schedule they worked but they talked every day on the phone. Come Wednesday they were to go out with Sarah and Matt, just before Annabelle was to leave the hospital Ben showed up to pick her up to go out.
~
On Wednesday evening Ben showed up at the hospital a few before he was to pick Annabelle up for their dinner with Matt and Sarah. Ben walked in the reception area and saw her talking with another doctor but stopped at the counter because he didn’t like to disturb her at work. He thought was probably just giving him the rundown of what was all in the emergency room and would be ready in a moment. He looked around to see if Sarah was still here then he heard Annabelle’s laugh and turned in her direction. She was laughing at something the other doctor had said and placed her hand on his arm. He couldn’t believe it she was flirting with someone else right before their date. Of course he knew he wasn’t good enough for her she was a doctor and he was nothing but a rancher how did he even have a chance against this guy. It also seemed like she knew him very intimately the way her body leaned in towards his. He then looked up to see the man she was flirting with. He had a dark complexion and long jet black hair pulled back in a braid. He had to be six foot and looked like he worked out but had to be at a gym since he looked like he would never get dirt under his nails to have a build like that. Ben felt himself getting angry at the fact that he trusted Annabelle and she broke that trust with flirting with someone else. The other doctor said something and she turned in his direction and saw him for the first time since he walked in. 
She headed in his direction and waited to speak to till she was close enough to him. “Ben is everything all right?”
“Who is that?” He nodded in the direction she had just come from to indicate who he was talking about. She could see the anger show on his face over seeing her with Dakota.
“Oh Dakota he’s just another doctor here.”
“That’s not what it looked like to me. You two sure looked a little too cozy for just another doctor.” He knew his tone was sharper than he wanted it to be but he had to let her know how he felt.
“Oh good lord he is just a friend. I have known Dakota for years.” Now she was getting upset with him over this whole thing.
“Yea I figured you were lying about it.” He was getting really upset at the fact that he couldn’t trust her around other men.
“OH! You flipping Neanderthal. I can’t believe this I’m not going anywhere with you. Good night Ben.” With that she skirted around Ben because she didn’t want him to see that he had hurt her with his mistrust. She ran to her pickup with tears streaming down her face without looking back to see if Ben fallowed her or not. 

~
Once Annabelle made it to her house she called Mary and Mary raced over to her house. “Annabelle where are you?” Mary yelled as soon as she walked through the front door. Annabelle came out of the kitchen into the living room and looked up at Mary. “Oh dear lord what did the jerk do? Come here.” Mary said with her arms stretched out toward Annabelle to envelope her into a hug.
While crying on Mary’s shoulder she tried to tell her what he had done. “He thought…” Hiccup “He is such an…” Hiccup “What do I do now?”
“Honey I have no idea what you just tried to tell me but let’s get us some coffee and try to calm down so I can understand what is going on.” Once Mary got the coffee for each of them she had Annabelle sit at the table. “Alright are you calm enough to tell me what happened?”
“Yes all I know is I was talking to Dakota and then Ben showed up in a really bad mood. He accused me of flirting with him and being a liar but all I was doing was making sure Dakota was able to still cover my last half of my shift tomorrow so I could surprise Ben by spending all weekend with him. Well that got blown out of the water by the Neanderthal.” Annabelle looked down at her coffee like she was going to find all the answers in the cup. 
“Oh you guys will probably work this out.” She leaned in to hug her sister. “Besides without Ben I would have no reason to go see Todd.”
Annabelle laughed at Mary’s comment. “Oh I see how it is, use me to get what you want.”
“Heck what are cute little sisters for. Now shall we order pizza or Chinese for dinner?” They ended up ordering pizza and eat in silence till Mary said it was time for her to go home. Annabelle kept replaying what happened today in her head for the rest of the night and finally fell asleep about midnight. She was unable to figure out what she did wrong. She knew with Dakota she didn’t have to hide who she was; he knew all her secrets since they shared an apartment through college and med school. She kept asking herself why Ben reacted the way that he did she was only interested in him.
~
Ben didn’t sleep half the night trying to figure out where he went wrong on reading Annabelle. He thought she was his soul mate but obviously she didn’t feel the same way or she wouldn’t have been hitting on another man. He finally got about three hours of sleep and knew it would be a long day since he was riding the fence line with Matt and he forgot till late to call Sarah to tell her they wouldn’t be coming to dinner. She was upset with him for not calling earlier and for not giving her any details of what happened. He decided he better get to work and get the work over with but he had to figure a way to keep Matt from getting to nosy. He met Matt down at the coral to get the horses saddled and ready for the ride that would take all day. He expected Matt to barrage him with questions the moment he showed up but Matt just kept quiet the whole time and just did his morning chores before they headed out. After about three hours of riding he knew his bad mood was rubbing off on Matt because he started to just give him one word answers or just riding behind him.
“Alright Ben what the hell is eating you alive. I can’t stand this piss poor attitude anymore.” Matt pulled his horse up next to Ben’s while speaking.
“I just didn’t sleep much. That’s all it is.” Ben knew Matt wasn’t going to buy it since he made a grunting noise deep in his throat.
“I call your Bullshit right now. What the hell happened that both you and Annabelle didn’t show up last night I’m pretty sure that has to do with your not getting sleep. So just spill it.” Matt was normally the quiet man but when he was getting his head bit off for nothing it made him snap.
Ben knew this was coming but how do you tell your best friend that your woman may be cheating on you. Every time he closed his eyes he would see her placing her hand on the man and probably smiling up at him with the same love eyes she used on him. Hell he was such a fool for believing her about her feeling for him. They have only known each other for a short while.  “Well I showed up yesterday to surprise Belle and she was hitting on another doctor and then she had the nerve to tell me he was just a friend. Yea the way she was flirting it seemed like she wanted a whole lot more. That’s it she left and I followed a little bit later. Why am I not surprised that a party girl wanted more than what I was willing to give?”
“What doctor was it? Not that it makes a difference but to be honest that doesn’t sound like Annabelle.” Matt was now confused she normally pushed the male doctors away because she was raised to believe you don’t mix work with pleasure.
“Damn you didn’t even make it two minutes before you tried to defend her. But he looked to be Indian and I think she said his name was Lakota. No Dakota that’s it.” Ben knew he was getting madder by the word and took a deep breath then released it slowly.
“Oh hell that makes it even better.”
“What? How the heck is it better he is still a man?” Ben was now starting to feel fury work its way into him and he was always able to control his anger.
“Well to start with Dakota is not your competition for Annabelle, he is more like a girlfriend that boyfriend material.” Matt knew he lost Ben by the confused look on his face. “Do you remember that young kid I brought out here last year to teach him how to handle a 22?”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“Well that kid was Dakota I taught him how to show his new 22 after he stayed with us for a week after he got the crap kicked out of him.” Ben was giving him the look of so and Matt figured he better tell Ben why Dakota got beat up. “Ben that was a gay bashing incident. Three drunks left the bar and saw him leave Studley Ranch; ya know the gay bar and smashed his face into the side walk. Annabelle and Dakota have been friends since college and med school and even shared an apartment for most of that time. Hell he is probably checking you out and not even looking at Annabelle except to make sure her outfit matches.”
“Hell no he was not the flaming type ya know with all pink and bull crap advertising it.”
“Well Ben if you knew he was gay would you let him look after Benny.” Ben started to nod to answer his question but Matt continued like he did nothing. “Answer that honest for once would ya. He keeps a low profile at work so the parents feel okay with him being near their children but out with the boys he lets loose. He really is a good guy or I wouldn’t let him stay at the house.” Ben had a lot to think about first the fact that he jumped the gun on this one fast and hard. Dakota was probably more like a girl’s best friend than one of the guys. Great she was always saying he judged her all the time in the beginning but now he really blew it. How the heck was he going to get her back this time better yet could he even apologize to her without making her furious with him? While in deep thought Matt turned to Ben, “Go I’ll finish here you fix things with that little woman.”   
“Crap she is already at the hospital.”
~
In the emergency room walked in Senior to see Annabelle he just walked right up to Sarah. “Alright Sarah I know she is here somewhere would you please be kind enough to find Annabelle for me.” Senior just smiles at Sarah because he already knows she is going to do what he asked.
“Senior I can’t just give you whatever you want, besides she is hiding in the doctor’s lounge and before you go in there you better go get her a large white chocolate mocha or she may not even talk to you.” Sarah smiled back at Senior because he was already heading for the coffee shop in the hospital as soon as she finished.
“See ya soon maybe I can talk some sense into these kids.” Senior said walking away.
He was hesitant to corner Annabelle on her turf because he wasn’t sure if what he had to say would make a difference but at least he was now armed with coffee and maybe she would listen to him. “Bells are you still in here?” Senior asked while opening the door to the doctor’s lounge.
“Senior what are you doing here?” Annabelle was now getting angry because Ben sent his father to try to fix his problems. Great now she was in love with a man who wouldn’t even fight his own fights. 
“Ben doesn’t know I’m here, please don’t be mad at me but I was worried about you. Now tell me what the heck that dumb son of mine did so I can hurt him for hurting you.” Senior said as he handed her the coffee he got for her.
“Well, all I know is he saw me talking with Dakota and I guess he thought I was flirting with him but that’s not the way we are. Dakota is more of a brother and a sister wrapped in one package. We have known each other for over a decade and there is nothing between us because he is gay. Why did Ben have to only see what he wanted?” She knew the tears had started again but didn’t care. All she wanted was for Ben to love her for who she is and not try to change her. Senior held his arms out for her and she crawled onto his lap like a small child. She cried on his shoulder for a while over the lost love that she thought would never be.
“Bells can I tell you something without you getting mad at me?” She nodded her answer without removing her head from his shoulder. I felt good to be able to cry on someone’s shoulder like she did with her dad as a child. “Ben is scared of what might be between you two. He doesn’t know how to be with a beautiful woman since he and Veronica got married right out of high school. They never dated anyone else and he never brought a woman home since. You are the complete opposite of what she was not in the beauty department. You each have your own beauty but she was the home maker and you challenge Ben. But you also give him so much that she never gave like your wild side. Please don’t give up on what you two have and can have. “
Annabelle had a lot to think about but at that moment Dakota walked in the lounge. “Sorry I didn’t know any one was using the… Annabelle? What the hell is wrong? Sorry mister I’m Dr. Dakota Mitchell and you are?” Dakota finished by having his hand out to shake his hand.
“Benjamin Walker Senior but call me Senior. Bells are we okay?” Senior shook hands with Dakota before turning his attention to Annabelle.
“Yes I’m fine but I forgot to call ya Dakota and tell ya I didn’t need you to cover the rest of my shift today.” Annabelle was trying to compose herself but knew after that hard of a cry she was going to need to go into the bathroom and splash some cold water on her face.
“Annabelle take the day off call today a freebee for ya and wait Ben Walker as in her Ben’s father?” Dakota was at a loss of words because for an older man he still looked really good.
“One in the same. Are you taking the rest of the day off Bells?” He looked at Annabelle for her answer.
“Well I guess I am since you are already here Dakota. But Senior I was planning on surprising Ben with spending a long weekend out at the ranch now what do I do?” Annabelle was shocked that she told Senior of her plans because she knew they couldn’t happen now. 
“Spend the time with Benny and I and just forget that son of mine I would be delighted to entertain you this weekend.” Senior held his arm out for her to tell her it was settled and all she needed to do was come.




Chapter 10
Annabelle had Senior swing by her house on the way to the ranch to grab a bag for the weekend and had time to think. What was she doing chasing a man who may never be able to see her for who she was and not just the person she was? Why was he always pushing her away and will this work out between them? The other thought was why couldn’t Ben be more like his father caring and seeing all of her? She enjoyed the thought of being able to relax this weekend and have nothing to do but try to get Ben to look past the outside of her and see who she truly was. Senior was a caring man why wasn’t he married and what happened to his wife. She had a lot to think on this weekend but being able to spend the time with Benny would be good for her even if Ben didn’t want to see her again. She also had to figure out how to leave early enough to get ready for the benefit on Saturday night for the hospital since she had to attend all of those functions and she already had the dress for it. After this time at the ranch would Ben be willing to escort her or would she just go with Dakota again the same as the last five years. Once at the ranch she started to get a little nervous about being there invading Ben’s space without him knowing she was there.
“Don’t worry god has a plan and you just need to listen to him. If I’m wrong about his plan I promise to fix it.” Senior laid his hand over hers in her lap and gave it a small squeeze to reassure her. She was surprised with the comfort she got from him was she that obvious of her fear of rejection from Ben?
“Are you sure about me being here? I don’t want to start something between you two.” Annabelle let out a breath she didn’t realize she was holding.
“I am too old to go hide in the bushes from my son if he has a problem with me spending the weekend with a beautiful lady that’s just too damn bad. Besides how often can an old man like me walk around with an angel on his arm?” Senior smiled at her letting her know he was proud to be with her and that he was speaking the truth. How can his son be so different or was it true he was hurt bad before and was trying to protect himself from hurting again?
“Can I ask you something?” She asked while getting out of the pickup and he was grabbing her bag. He nodded and smiled at her to tell her to ask away. “Not to be too nosy but what happened to your wife? And why did you never remarry?”
“Well my wife died when Ben was fifteen of a heart attack and I never found anyone who could replace my soul mate. She was the good side of me and always kept me in line because I’m such a lady’s man.” He winked over at her because he was just kidding with the last remark. “But since then it was just Ben and me till he got married, and now it’s just the boys. Promise me when you do marry that pain in the rear son of mine you give me a granddaughter because I’m dying to spoil her and be wrapped around her little finger.”  
She was shocked to say the least that Senior was already talking of them getting married when they were not even talking right now. How could he be so sure things would work out between them and she would become part of this close family? She didn’t have long to think on that because at that moment the front door flew open and Benny came running out to her. He jumped of the top step into her arms which she caught him easily. “Boy did you grow more since the last time I saw you?” Annabelle said while holding him tight in a hug.
“No Bells it just forever!” He was obviously excited she was here but she stepped up on the stairs and set him down on the porch where he grabbed her hand to pull her into the house. “Are ya here to stay?”
“No honey just for the weekend, and what have you been doing since the last time I was here. Have you been good for grandpa?” She saw Senior smiling at her and Benny like he knew more about what was going on and wasn’t going to tell her.
“Pa won’t let me get away with no stuff.” Benny had his lower lip out pouting and Annabelle couldn’t stop herself from laughing at Benny’s antics of not being able to get away with anything with Senior. “Did ya want to play?”
“How bout I get settled in and you tell me everything that has been going on the last week while I have a cup of coffee?” Benny started to hop up and down with all the excitement and energy only a four year old could have. She was smiling down at him with all the love only a mother could have but it broke her heart that she probably would never be his mother.
After Senior had Annabelle settled in the guest room upstairs and she had had her coffee Benny talked her into playing with his action figures in his playroom off the kitchen. Kate was in the kitchen making the dinner for the house and enjoying hearing the laughter coming from Benny. She hadn’t heard that child have that much fun in one afternoon in all the time she had been around him and that was his entire life. But the one thing that brought a smile to her face was the soft almost bell like laugh coming from Annabelle as she was truly enjoying the time she spent with Benny. Just as Kate was putting the fresh bread in the oven to go with the boys’ dinner Ben walked in the back door and broke her from her thoughts. He had the worst scowl on his face that she had ever seen on him. She worried that he may do something stupid to destroy the happiness she had enjoyed in the house this afternoon. But the moment he entered the house he froze where he stood holding the door knob and was listening to the laughter coming from the other room. Kate didn’t even have time to scold him for not taking off his work boots before he headed in the direction of Benny and Annabelle. He stopped at the door to the room and watched for a moment of Benny and Annabelle on the floor playing. Annabelle had Benny pinned down and was tickling him but what he was watching was the love coming from the two of them for each other. Once Benny saw him he tried to wiggle away from her and said, “Daddy” Benny jumped up and ran to give his dad a hug welcoming him home.
“What a welcome home. Hello Benny where is your pa?” Ben asked while hugging his child but never taking his eyes off Annabelle.
“Napping.” Benny said while hugging his father back.
“Okay can you stay here while I talk to Belle for a minute?” Just that moment Senior walked up behind Ben and startled both of them.
“No you may not steal my date for the weekend. I invited her but someone just a little bit cuter was entertainer her while I rested now that I’m rested I will take over the entertainment.” Senior responded to Ben’s question to Benny and showed no shame in trying to hog Annabelle for himself.
“Senior it’s alright I’ll give him five minutes to explain himself and then you can whisk me away. Besides you never told me of the plans you had for tonight.” Annabelle said while getting off the floor to have Ben follow her to the porch to give him his five minutes. Ben followed her out of the house but was at a loss of words of how to explain what he did and why he felt the need to upset her the way that he did. He knew he was going to need more than five minutes but where did he start. Once on the back porch she just turned around to face him to get this over with and to see what he had to say about his actions. “Well talk; remember you only have five minutes.”
“I’m sorry for being a complete idiot and not listening to you. Maybe I need to learn to listen to you and not just jump off a cliff every time I get near you. I didn’t know about Dakota and all I saw was a man with you and what appeared to be flirting going on between you two. Sorry to say it but you are the first woman I have tried to actually tried to get to know and I don’t know how to go about doing this. But I don’t want to just walk away from you again and lose the happiness I have had since seeing you.” He was pacing in front of her and running his hand through his hair this nervous habit of his she was startling to love. “Please say you will forgive me heck just say anything at all.”
 Annabelle stepped in front of him to stop his pacing and placed her hands on both sides of his face. She stood on her tip toes and he leaned down to look at her but she still almost couldn’t reach him so she pulled down on his face to bring him closer. He came down the rest of the way for her so she could kiss him it started as a soft kiss. He brought his hands behind her back to draw her closer and to feel her against him. She leaned her body against his because she wanted more than was going to get out here on the porch. She had never wanted a man as much as she did with him. When he pulled her close she opened her mouth to allow him all he wanted and he slid his tongue into her mouth to taste the sweet taste that was only Annabelle. His hands went to her bottom and he lifted her up to get her closer to him. Her hands went around his neck to hold on but when he lifted her it broke the contact of the kiss. Ben never lost stride but started to kiss down her chin to her neck which she leaned back to give more access then he froze after coming back up to her ear. She heard him whisper in her ear. “We better stop.” Annabelle sighed with trying to not be upset but she was. “Sorry Belle but if I don’t stop now I won’t and we have an audience.” 
That is when she looked over to the window of the kitchen and saw Senior and Kate watching them without a look of shame for being caught spying on them. They both just smiled and waved at them and then turned from the window. Annabelle blushed to her toes and hid her face in Ben’s shoulder. Ben laughed at her reaction, “aurg, how can you laugh about this and I think you better put me down?” Annabelle pulled back to see his face but he put one arm around her back to hold her where she was.
“God I love the feel of you in my arms. But you have to laugh at my family or they will just drive you nuts.” He allowed her to slide down till her feet touched the porch but didn’t release his hold of her. “I hope that kiss means you forgive me if not I’m in real trouble.” He looked down in her eyes to see the truth she had hidden there.
“Yes it means I forgive you but don’t ever do that again. And just so you know I love the feel of your arms around me I just can’t wait till I get more of you.” With that she turned to run away from him but he was quicker and he pulled her back up against him. With a clear head from not being kissed she felt his hard body behind her and could feel he was completely turned on from the kiss still he leaned down and started to kiss her neck from the back and worked his way to her ear. Once he reached her ear he whispered to her, ‘God I can’t wait to see the rest of you. This waiting crap is going to kill me.’
Ben stood up to release her from his hold but didn’t want to pull away from her yet because he knew if they walked into the house right now everyone would know how turned on he was with Annabelle and her kiss. But he didn’t have to go anywhere for the moment because at that moment Matt, Derek, and Todd come around the corner of the house all three of them on horseback. Ben had never been so glad to have a woman standing in front of him than he did at that moment. “Guys what’s up?”
Derek looked at Annabelle and Ben for a moment before answering his boss. “Well it looks like you two have fixed your problems and all work is done for the day. We will see you tomorrow and have a good night boss.” With that Derek turned his horse to go back the way he came to head for the barn but Annabelle noticed the small twinkle in his eye like he was happy to see them together. Todd turned to leave with Derek and was trying his hardest to not smile to big at Ben.
Matt could tell Ben was having a hard time because of the way he was holding Annabelle in front of him and he figured it would be a good time to give his best friend a hard time. Matt said as coolly as he could, “Good to see ya found her. I hope you don’t plan on doing anything stupid again cause I don’t want to hear ya grumble for the day again.”
“Mathew you are a pain. Wait till I talk to Sarah about your behavior.” Annabelle felt Bens arms tighten around her to hold her in place. She suddenly felt why his hold tightened when she tried to pull away from him. Ben was completely turned on still from a simple kiss and he didn’t want her to move from where she was or Matt would have more ammunition.  She had the realization of how much bigger Ben was to her with the fact that she felt him in the middle of her back. This thought of how much bigger he was than her frightened her a little because she had never been with a man this much bigger. Heck if she was completely honest she had only been with two guys before and they were both smaller men. 
“Oh don’t worry I won’t tell all his secrets just yet.” Matt started to laugh and then turned his horse to head to the barn.
Annabelle spun around to face Ben because she remembered that she never told him of the Benefit Party on Saturday night for the hospital. But she probably will do what she does every year and just go with Dakota. Would Ben want to go to a black tie affair with her or better yet would he have anything to wear to the event? She has gone for the last five years to these events and loves being able to have a reason to wear one of her cocktail dresses but would this cause another problem for them. “Um Ben I forgot to tell you Saturday night I have a party I have to go to for the hospital and wasn’t sure if you would want to go with me. It’s alright if you don’t want to go because its black tie and I’ll just do what I’ve done the last five years and go with Dakota.” She was afraid to look him in the eyes for fear of him getting upset about Dakota again. She felt his finger on her chin lifting it to look him in the eye.
“Would you like me to go?” He hesitated for a moment to see what her answer would be and when she nodded to answer him he felt a relief that she was still his. “Alright then we better run to town to get my tux cleaned for this event since its black tie.” Ben had the biggest smile on his face with her reaction of surprise at what he said. Her eyes were the biggest round he had ever seen them get and her jaw would have fallen to the porch if he didn’t have his hand on her.
“Um you have a tux? Sorry that sounds like I’m an idiot, but most men don’t have black tie wear in their closets.” She was surprised to say the least of the fact that he had black tie wear but that he knew that he needed to get it cleaned. She started to wonder what else she didn’t know about this wonderful man she was getting to call her own. She was the luckiest woman alive to be able to stand with this man. 
They took care of his tux and had a wonderful couple of days together. Of course they spent the entire time together with Benny enjoying learning more about each other. The rest of the time there wasn’t a sexual tension like there was when on the porch but they could feel the love growing between them. They enjoyed the time spent together and were slightly upset when it came to an end when Annabelle had to leave early Saturday afternoon to meet with Mary to get ready for the evening.




Chapter 11 
Mary met Annabelle at her house to help her get her hair ready for tonight. “Well how are we going to do your hair tonight and which dress are you wearing?” 
“Well I’m wearing the long red silk one and I thought we would leave my hair down.” Mary raised an eyebrow at Annabelle for her to elaborate which red dress she was speaking about since she had a closet full of dresses and at least ten red ones. “The one with the low back and the slit up to the hip. Okay fine, the one you were mad at me for buying because I looked so dang good in it.”
“Was there a reason you are finally wearing the one with the lowest back but are wearing your hair down?” Mary was now curious about what her plans were because she knew that dress had sat in her closet for two years with the price tag still on it. Annabelle never wore anything that showed off her entire back since she completed the tattoo and that dress barely covered the top of her butt.
“Yes there is a reason I’m wearing it tonight. I have finally decided to show Ben the work on my back and that’s the only way to do it without getting naked from the waist up. Now are you going to help me or do I go to the salon to get my hair done?” Annabelle was worried that Mary wouldn’t approve of her moving in that direction this quickly since that tattoo was there for her mom and dad and few people have seen the entire work but she felt there shouldn’t be secrets with Ben. She also wanted to share her heart with him and showing that part of her was important to her. Mary watched her for what seemed like forever but was probably just a few seconds then reached out to hug Annabelle. “What’s that for?”
“I’m just so happy to see you starting to move forward is all and I know the only man you have shown that too is Dakota and he could never make you happy. Heck I’m pretty sure you didn’t even show it to the two guys you got serious about before. Now you want your hair down has Ben ever seen you with your hair down?” Mary steered Annabelle to her vanity in her master bedroom to begin the process of turning her into the princess for the night. After three hours of curling and primping Annabelle’s hair Mary thought she had it just right and then stepped back for her to do her makeup and started to go through her jewelry chest. “What jewelry were you going to were with the dress? I think you should go simple but still elegant.”
“I was thinking the chain dangles with the diamonds at the bottom and the diamond tennis bracelet. What do you think?”
“That sounds perfect but which shoes are you wearing. Please tell me the red stiletto with the diamonds on the straps across the toes and ankle.” Mary was already heading for the closet to get the dress and shoes not waiting for Annabelle to answer her on the shoe decision. Mary knew she bought both items at the same time and they still had the tags on them from not being worn once. Annabelle had a closet that most women would be in love with from the designer names in it to just the sheer size of it. She had all that room in there, she told herself because she didn’t have to share with anyone and she enjoyed shopping the different labels out there. She had always enjoyed being able to dress up in all the fancy clothes and only did it for a few occasions at the hospital. Once Mary had located the dress and shoes Annabelle went to work on getting dressed for the evening. After she had herself ready she finally looked in the full length mirror in her room and was stunned with the transformation Mary had done.
“Don’t you dare cry you are going to be the most beautiful woman there tonight and you deserve this and more.” Mary said with one hand on her hip like she had the ability to control Annabelle.
Annabelle started to laugh because of the look she was getting from Mary. “Thanks Mary for everything maybe tonight I am the princess I always was told I was. I just hope Ben likes it all.”
“Hughff if he doesn’t he needs his head examined. You are gorgeous in that dress and I wish I was going to be there just so I can see his face when he sees you. But it’s already six thirty and you need to head over there or you will be late and I have a date tonight so I need to get ready myself.” Mary turned to do her hair at Annabelle’s vanity just a quick curl here and there is all she needed.
“I’m sorry to hold you up I didn’t know you were seeing anybody tonight. What are you wearing for the date but better yet who is the lucky guy?” Annabelle was surprised to realize Mary was going out again tonight because normally they went to church together tonight but since she wasn’t going maybe Mary had made other plans.
“Oh just what I have on and I’m going out with Todd again.” Mary refused to look at Annabelle when she answered her.
“Todd as in the worker at Walker Ranch Todd?” Annabelle was surprised that Mary even noticed him. He always seemed the quiet type and Mary was all out going so it didn’t seem to fit together but then neither did her and Ben.
“Yes that Todd he is so sweet. Now please tell me you are not taking the bike tonight and are at least thinking about driving the Chevy?” Mary had the Cheshire grin on her face.
“Please tell me you didn’t just call dad’s car a Chevy?” Mary nodded holding in a laugh but failing miserably. “How could you that car is a nineteen sixty five corvette. All original down to the cherry red paint and the convertible top. You are a terrible sister to call that car a Chevy now if you will just let yourself out I have a cocktail party to attend with real adults.” Annabelle had a twinkle in her eyes knowing Mary was just messing with her about the car but it did feel like a good night to take it on the town but she would have to keep the top up. Mary and Annabelle laughed before Annabelle left for the night with Mary on her heels. Annabelle always felt she shouldn’t drive her father’s car but when she got behind the wheel tonight it felt like it completed her outfit. 
~
 Annabelle arrived at the Hilton for the party and saw Ben’s truck already there. She took a deep breath before getting out of the car to steady her nerves before heading in. She felt like a nervous princess tonight and wasn’t sure why because she had just spent the last few days with Ben but was now worried about meeting him there.
Ben was already inside only because Dakota saw him waiting outside and led him into the ballroom to wait for Annabelle. Ben was surprised that Dakota even remembered him and thought he would be here with Annabelle. Ben noticed Dakota looking at him with an eye brow raised but with a look of interest. Ben was a little nervous by the look but felt he would find out why he was receiving this look shortly.
“I never thought I would see you dressed up and looking so good maybe I should follow Annabelle’s lead and chase a cowboy. Do you have a brother?” Dakota started to giggle at the fact that he knew he made Ben uncomfortable with hitting on him.
“Um no.” Ben then noticed him giggling and realized Dakota was just messing with him. He noticed Dakota’s head snap up just then and was looking at the door to the room. Ben slowly turned to see what caught his attention. He saw the most beautiful woman entering the room with the grace of an angel. Annabelle was wearing a long red dress with a slit to the hip on the left side and she had her hair down. He couldn’t believe her hair was that long it went to her hip and he never had seen her wear it down but it looked beautiful. He suddenly had the thought of running his hands through those long locks and having her straddling him with that hair surrounding them. He had to breathe deeply to control himself with those kinds of thoughts going through his head. He then noticed the rest of her outfit down to the spiked heels she was wearing to the little amount of jewelry. His chest started to puff out a little with the fact that she was dressed to kill tonight for him. He couldn’t help himself but he then spoke out loud. “Damn.”
“That’s all you can say about how she looks tonight. You better not let her hear you just say that you better at least tell her she is gorgeous tonight.” Dakota elbowed him to him know he was just kidding with him.
 Annabelle saw Ben across the room and noticed the way he was dressed in his tuxedo. He was wearing simple black slacks with a black jacket and a crisp white shirt. He also had a simple cross over tie, his large belt buckle, a black Stetson that looked new, and his black boots. Dang he looked really good and she could see in her mind how good his back side looked in those slacks. She started to wonder if they would look good together on the dance floor but then realized she didn’t even know if he knew how to do ball room dancing. Ben then started to head in her direction and she had to take a deep breath to steady her nerves again before he got all the way across the room. Once Ben and Annabelle were with in arms reach Ben took hold of her hand and brought it to his lips to place a light kiss on her knuckles. “You are a vision of an angel tonight. Thank you for giving me this chance to see you tonight.”
“You’re looking pretty good yourself. Thanks for coming now I don’t have to dance with Dakota tonight.” Annabelle started to blush because she realized she brought Dakota up when she had the best looking man holding her hand.
“Well he did say he wanted at least one dance with you tonight but after seeing you I may not relinquish you to him for that dance. Don’t worry I have come to terms with the fact he will always be a part of your life and you better stop blushing because it drives me more in love with you.” Annabelle was startled to hear him say he was in love with her and wasn’t sure of what to say in return. It was at that moment the small orchestra started to play a gentle sang to begin the dancing of the night. Most people around the dance floor didn’t even notice the music had started but kept right with their own conversations. Ben looked over at Annabelle and then finally broke the silence between them. “Would you care to dance?” Annabelle nodded for her answer. They headed out to the center of the floor and that was the moment she realized the music was for a waltz. She didn’t know at that moment if Ben knew actually how to dance but it didn’t matter to her if he could or not. He gently pulled her to him while holding one hand and placing the other on her back under her hair. He held her closer than was needed to do the dance but she wasn’t about to complain one bit. They glided across the floor as if they had been dancing together for years. 
“Where did you learn to dance?” She was afraid to disturb the moment of grace they had together but her question didn’t break their flow.
“Belle there are a lot of things you don’t know but Veronica had a thing for ballroom dancing and she had me take lessons with her. To be honest I hated every minute of it but for some reason this feels right.” The song was coming to an end and Ben almost didn’t want it to stop. But the orchestra started another song without even ending the last one. This song had a little more life to it and Ben led Annabelle right into a rumba without even missing a beat. Annabelle picked up the steps very quickly and made the dance very seductive with just the hip action she was putting into her dancing. She didn’t realize the entire room had gone completely silent from everybody watching her and Ben. They ended the dance in each other’s arms and the room erupted into applause. Annabelle was surprised by the reaction of everybody around her and she hid her face in Ben’s chest till she heard him whisper in her ear. “You were a vision of an angel out there.” She looked up to his eyes and saw he was speaking from his heart.
“Thank you, can we get something to drink?” Ben led her from the dance floor with one hand on her back as protection and possession. 
Once at the Bar Dakota came to them and started talking without giving them a chance to answer any of his questions. “Where on earth did you two learn to dance like that? When did you start dancing together? And why didn’t you tell me you two loved each other?”
“What? That’s the first time we had ever danced together.” Annabelle was blushing and looked down. Her hair covered most of her face from looking down and she stayed that way till she felt a finger on her chin. Then she slowly raised her head to look Ben in the eyes.
“Never hide that beautiful face from the world, you have nothing to hide. Besides I do love the way you look when you blush like that.”  Ben then got a small smile just barely pulling at the edges of his mouth. “I also loved the feel of you in my arms out there.” Ben leaned down to place a light kiss on her cheek and the whispered to her ‘I do love you and the way you were out there I’m betting you feel the same way.’ Annabelle blushed again to her toes now wondering how sensual she made the dance. 
She didn’t have much time to think about it for the director of the hospital walked up at that moment. “Dr. Montgomery, Dr. Mitchell, and I don’t believe I have met you before. I’m Dr. Gordan but just call me Justin.” He held his hand out to shake Ben’s. Gordan was a small man compared to the other two being only five foot eight with white hair. But he had the face that showed all his emotions and everyone could tell he cared for Annabelle and Dakota.
“Benjamin Walker, call me Ben please. Nice to meet you Justin, but sorry how do you fit in here?” Ben said while shaking Gordan’s hand.
“I’m the director of the hospital so you can say I’m their boss. I’m guessing you’re the man who snagged my best looking doctor.” Gordan said all of this with a smile on his face.
“Justin! You are incorrigible.” Annabelle said while slapping his arm but still staying in front of Ben.
“No just wishing I was about twenty years younger and this gentleman would have some real competition.”
“And what would Sally say? Where is she tonight anyways I haven’t seen her in forever.” Annabelle almost scanned the room to see if she missed her when she walked in.
“She stayed home tonight she wasn’t feeling good today. But enough about me I was sent over to ask when you two were going back on the dance floor.” Annabelle gave him a look of confusion because nobody had ever asked her to go back to the dance floor before. “Sorry Annabelle dear but everybody enjoyed watching the two of you dance and would like you to do a few more. If I’m not mistaken the exact words were they haven’t seen a couple make a dance look like they were having sex without even touching each other before. That was one heck of a dance you two did, to be honest I wouldn’t mind a few more myself.”
Annabelle blushed and looked down just as her hair was falling to cover her face for a second time tonight she heard Ben answer him. “We would love to but Dakota has to join us on one of the dances.” Both Annabelle and Dakota’s heads snapped toward Ben with a questioning look. 
“Let me guess a Salsa style?” Gordan then turned on his heel and headed across the room.
They spent the rest of the party dancing and just having a really good time together. The evening came to an end with Ben, Annabelle and Dakota all walking out together. All three were laughing and just enjoying the evening till they stopped by Dakota’s Honda and then he turned to the other two. “Thank you for tonight, that was the best hospital function I have ever been to. Annabelle, honey you are stunning tonight and make sure to take advantage of it.” Dakota then leaned down and laid a gentle kiss on her cheek then turned to get in his car.
Ben and Annabelle headed toward her car and once there she turned toward Ben and looked down. She was hoping there was enough light in the parking lot for her to show Ben the tattoo on her back. She took a deep breath to calm her nerves and then finally spoke. “Ben there is something I wanted to show you.” She pulled her hair together and then pulled it over her shoulder. She didn’t wait a second but spun around to show him and then waited for his comment. She knew he saw a copy of the cross in her living room with the sun setting behind it. It covered her back from her shoulder blades to the small of her back. She felt like she waited forever but it probably was just a few minutes. Ben placed his hands on each of her hips and then leaned down and placed a kiss on two spots on the cross. The spots where her parent’s names were on the cross.
“It is beautiful just like the one who wears it.” He slid his arms around her to pull her back against him and then whispered in her ear. “But who is the frog on your ankle for?”
She was surprised he even noticed that one since it is so small and is on the inside of her ankle. “Oh that’s for Evelyn my baby sister. Thank you for noticing why I have the cross. Now I don’t work tomorrow did you want to go back to my house or did you need to get home?” Ben didn’t have time to answer her because his cell phone rang at that moment. Ben groaned before pulling it out to see who would be calling him this late. He saw the caller id and it was Todd but why the heck would he be calling so late.
“Todd this better be good.” Was all he said when he answered it. Then his face went completely white and he had a hard time responding to Todd. Annabelle grabbed the phone from his hand just before he dropped it.
“Todd what is going on?” 
Todd responded franticly, ‘Senior is on his way to the hospital. We think it was a heart attack but Ben needs to get there now.’ 
“Todd, who has Benny?”
‘Mary and I are with him. Sarah and Matt are heading to the hospital. Get Ben to the hospital now.’ With that Todd hung up the phone. Annabelle looked at Ben and decided she better drive him to the hospital and then wait to find out what happened.
“Ben I’ll drive get in.” She was hoping and praying the entire way to the hospital that Senior would be alright. She knew Ben and Benny needed Senior and it couldn’t be his time to go home to heaven yet.
Ben was in a fog the way to the hospital with all sorts of thoughts going through his head. How could this be happening? How would he explain to Benny? And the biggest question why when they were all just starting to get happy again did the bad always come knocking? Once Annabelle pulled the car into her parking spot Ben baled from the car and ran at full speed to the emergency room. Once he entered he saw Matt in the waiting room. “Matt what is going on?” Ben just yelled at his friend.
Matt didn’t see Ben enter the room till he heard him yell at him and right behind him came in Annabelle. “They think he had a heart attack but they are not for sure yet. Sarah is back with the doctor giving his medical history. She said to tell you to wait here till she come and gets you.” 
“What she wants me to sit here while my dad could be dying is she crazy?” Ben was hysterical at this point and was still yelling. Annabelle came up beside him and grabbed his hand.
“Ben he is in the best of hands. Take a deep breath, if it is that bad they will come and get us. Trust me okay.” She pulled his hand to her lips and kissed his knuckles. They felt like they waited forever but it was only five minutes before Sarah came out to join them.
“He is fine and awake. The doctors think his sugar level fell to low and he passed out but he is just fine now. They are going to admit him for the night but think he will go home tomorrow. Ben you and Annabelle can go back now.” Sarah held the door open for them to go back to where Senior was.
 As Ben passed Sarah he placed a light kiss on her cheek and then said quietly. “Thank you sis. Go ahead and head home I’ll take care of him from here.” 
“You’re welcome Ben but we will stay till he is moved upstairs. Now go see your dad before he starts hollering for you.” She placed a hand on his shoulder as he walked past. Ben had a tight hold of Annabelle’s hand like it was a life line for him. They walked to Senior’s bed without saying a single word.
“Annabelle get in here and tell these doc’s I can go home now there was nothing to worry about.” Senior yelled before the even made it around the curtain area he was in.
“Dad you just be quiet and do what the doctors tell you. And no fighting to go home before they say you can.” Ben said as the came into the area. Once Ben saw his dad was alright his grip on Annabelle’s hand loosened. Once they moved Senior up stairs Matt and Sarah left the hospital and Annabelle left shortly after. Ben remained at Senior’s side for the night.



Chapter 12
Annabelle knew leaving the hospital she needed to go relieve Mary and Todd so they could go home. So she just drove out to Ben’s house without even thinking to take care of Benny. She didn’t even realize she didn’t have a change of clothes with her and was still in her evening attire. The only thing that kept running through her mind was the fact that Benny still didn’t know what was going on with his grandfather and she needed to get to him to tell him what was going on. Benny needed her now more than ever. Once she was at the house she let Mary and Todd know what was going on and sent them both home. She went up to Benny’s room to see how he was doing and she found him still asleep. Annabelle didn’t want to wake him so she went to Ben’s room to find something to sleep in. Once she was out of her dress and was comfortable she heard a noise at Ben’s door. She opened the door to find Benny standing there with tears sliding down his cheeks. 
“What’s wrong Benny?” Annabelle scooped him in to her arms on the small sofa next to the door.
“I had a bad dream. Where’s Daddy and Pa?” Benny asked while rubbing his cheeks with his fists to get rid of his tears.
“Oh honey Daddy is with Pa at the doctors but they will be home tomorrow. It’s just you and me tonight; did you want to stay in here with me?” Benny just nodded to answer her. “Alright let’s get in the bed and get comfy. Okay sweetheart.” She and Benny got comfortable for the rest of the night.
~
Ben could only think of the fact that things could have been a lot worse than just a minor heart attack and he could have lost his dad tonight. But only by God’s grace was Dad left here for another day and he was going to make sure he spent as much time with his dad as he could. He also was having thoughts about the fact that life is too short to wait any longer to bring Annabelle into the family. He already knew Benny loved her and Senior would love to have her around all the time. He knew he loved her but did she feel the same way about him. Would she move out on the ranch with them? Was she even ready for that next step? He had a lot to think about before the morning came and at least the hospital has a pull out bed in the room with his dad because Ben knew it was going to be a long night. Ben got very little sleep through the night with all the noises in the room, but at least Dad got enough sleep. 
Senior was released first thing in the morning and Ben was thankful that Matt had showed up early to retrieve his pickup from the Hilton. Once Ben got Senior in the house and comfortable in his bed he went upstairs to check on Benny. Ben didn’t find him in his own bed and figured he slept in his bed because he wasn’t there. When he walked into his room he found the most glorious site he had ever seen. In his bed was his small son and the woman he loves curled up sleeping. With the sun rays coming through the window over them reminded him of angels sleeping. He realized at that moment he didn’t want to live another moment without Annabelle with him. He didn’t want to disturb them so he went to the closet to get some jeans and a shirt to finally get out of his tuxedo.  Upon heading out of the closet Annabelle was starting to stir. She pulled away from Benny without disturbing him when she saw that Ben was home.
“Annabelle would you like some coffee?” She nodded to answer him since they were being quiet to not disturb Benny. “Honey Sarah gave me your change of clothes you had in your locker.” He nodded toward the sofa to let her know where they were. “I’m guessing she figured you would come here last night. I’ll give ya a few minutes to get dressed and I’ll make that coffee.” He left the room with his change of clothes in his hands and went to the spare room to change to give her a moment to get dressed.
Once in the kitchen he got the coffee going and sat at the table to wait for her to come down. He knew now was the perfect time to ask her to always stay with him he just hoped he would get the right answer. Ben was in his own thoughts he didn’t hear her enter the room till she spoke softly. “Is the coffee ready?”  
“What? Oh ya it’s ready I’ll grab us a couple of cups.” Ben moved about the kitchen getting everything they needed for they coffee. Ben was sending up silent prays the entire time he was away from Annabelle that she was the one to complete him and hoped she would give him the answer he needed to hear. Once back at the table he sat down with his coffee but still hadn’t said a single word.
“Ben is Senior alright? Are you alright?” Annabelle asked with a small smile on her face trying to bring him out of his own thoughts.  She could only think they were very important thoughts since he was telling her anything.
“Yea dad’s fine just as hard headed as before.” Ben started running his hand through his hair and never touching his coffee. Annabelle knew Ben was nervous because he only did the hand thing then. “Annabelle I need to ask you something but I need you to wait to answer me till I’m done with what I have to say. Can you do that for me?”
“Yes” She answered almost in a whisper almost afraid of what he was going to say.
“Alright” Ben nodded to her and then took a deep breath to try to harden his spine up for what his was hoping would be the life changing answer. He has never been this nervous in his entire life not even when he asked Veronica to marry him. “Belle I love you with all of my heart and I don’t see my future without you in it.” With that he stood and started to pace across the kitchen he knew what he had just said probably came out corny as hell but thought it sounded really good when he had the thought. He turned in his pacing and almost ran over Annabelle. She was standing directly in front of him smiling up at him.
“Ben I love you too and in my future I see only you.” She was glowing with the happiness of hearing him say those words to her and was hoping for him to continue.
“Will you marry me Belle?” Ben felt like it took her forever to answer him but it wasn’t even a second.
“Yes” was the only answer she gave before she was in his arms and they kissed to seal the deal but it didn’t last more than a second for Benny burst into the kitchen with the energy only a four year old could have.
“Did she say yes?” He asked while jumping up and down. When he dad nodded his answer to him Benny then surprised them both by yelling at the top of his lungs. “SHE SAID YES!!” They only had to wait a second to find out why he was yelling because every door that entered the kitchen flung open and in walked their entire family. Sarah, Matt, Mary and Todd walked in from the living room area and he thought he heard them saying it’s about dang time. The back door was opened by Derek and Kate and all he saw from them was the largest smiles he had ever seen from them and Kate went to the stove to start more coffee for everybody. And last but not least his dad came from the hall entrance from where his room was. His dad walked over to them and gave a giant bear hug engulfing both of them.
“Glad to hear you two are finally going to be happy. Now when is the wedding?” Senior said while backing away from them.
“Soon very soon.” Annabelle answered before Ben had a chance to even think. She then turned to Ben and asked, “How do you feel about having the wedding here and say in six weeks? We don’t have to do a lot of the normal stuff since most of the wedding guests are already here.” She smiled up at Ben with a mischievous smile on her face like she was almost thinking let’s run down town and get married today. But she knew everybody would be upset with her and she would be upset later on if she didn’t do this right.
He smiled at her knowing she was thinking of running down town but didn’t let on and just simply answered, “Anything you want my soon to be wife.”
They spent the rest of the day as a family all of the extended family stayed for the rest of the day helping plan the wedding and just having a good time.




Chapter 13
It was a beautiful sunny day six weeks later at the ranch and Annabelle, Mary and Sarah were upstairs in one of the guest rooms getting Annabelle ready for today. It had been a flurry of activities these last weeks getting everything ready but they were able to pull it off. Now Annabelle stood in front of a full length mirror were her wedding dress, a simple white sun dress style that went to her ankles, her white heeled sandals and the girls had done a beautiful style with her hair. They had left most of it down and had a simple braid going around her head with small white roses in the braid. She felt she was the most beautiful bride even though it was all a simple but elegant affair.
Mary broke the silence in the room first, “Annabelle are you ready for this?” Annabelle nodded to answer because she was so happy she wanted to dance around the room but tried to contain herself. “Good now let’s head down and see if they are ready for the bride.” With that Mary and Sarah picked up the three bouquets of flowers they were each to hold during the ceremony. Everything about today was simple the flowers were all white roses with small white bows around them and she knew the front porch is where she and Ben would be standing with the minister. This wasn’t the wedding most young girls dream about but it was the wedding of her dreams small with all the people she cared about surrounding her.
She and Ben had a hard time through the ceremony paying attention to the minister lost in each other’s eyes and hearts but at least they were able to say ‘I do” when the time came. After the y became man and wife they enjoyed a full Kate barbeque which included a side of beef on the fire and enough trimmings to feed a small army. This was Kate’s gift to them enough left overs for two days and she and Derek were taking Benny and Senior over to their house for those days. Everyone showed up for her day including Dakota and the party went till the sun went down. Once everyone went their separate ways Ben finally had Annabelle to himself and was going to take advantage of it.
“Shall we call it a night Mrs. Walker?” Ben asked her with a grin on his face like he was the cat that got the cream. She just grabbed his hand and headed for the stairs.
~
The following morning the sun shone into their bed room, it was still hard to think of this as her room also now, looking at the man she was going to spend the rest of her life with. She loved this man with all her heart even with all his quirks. She was brought out of her admiring him when he spoke without even opening his eyes.
“What are you thinking Belle?” She watched as a small smile spread across his face. She then knew he had been awake for a little bit already and knew she was watching him.
“I’m thinking I’m the luckiest woman alive.” She then started to kiss that smile from his face and they had a repeat of last night.




Epilogue
Five years later:
Annabelle watched as her family showed up to celebrate Senior’s sixtieth birthday and her twin girls fourth birthday. Mary and Todd showed up with Mary carrying their one year old daughter Alexandra and Todd leading their three year old son Keith. And Mary was three months pregnant with their third child. They were married about a year after Annabelle and Ben.
 Sarah and Matt showed up next with their two adopted kids from Vietnam. They found out for sure that they would never have kids after Annabelle’s wedding and decided to adopt. They were the most loving parents to those two kids, Jack was seven and Fallon was four. Mary and Sarah headed in her direction as soon as they spotted her sitting on the porch and she stood with one of her sons in her arms.
“Mary, Sarah, thank you for coming today.” Annabelle smiled at them.
“Alright where are Beth and Jessie? And how my little Dominick doing today?” Sarah asked taking her son from her arms.
“Well the girls are with grandpa and Benny and in case you forgot his brother Joshua is with Rose. Thank god for nannies.” Annabelle was tired again with four year old twin girls, two year old twin boys and being five months pregnant again with twins. She was getting all she wanted in life a large family but she sometimes wished they would come a little slower and not two at a time.
Just at that moment Joshua ran by them and Dominick demanded to get down which Sarah gave into. Ben came walking up behind Annabelle and wrapped his arms around her getting larger by the day belly. “How is the prettiest bride doing?” 
“Fine” At that moment Dakota showed up and headed in their direction. He leaned in and kissed Annabelle on the cheek before saying a word. “It’s about time you showed up, but I know always fashionably late.” Annabelle giggled with always knowing how Dakota would be.
Acting all indignant with Annabelle but not doing a very good job. “And miss my god daughters’ birthday? Let’s not forget that hunk of a man he calls his dad.” Ben’s eye brows shot up to his hair line with surprise because to this day Dakota still keeps him guessing. “I’m just kidding don’t look so worried Ben. 
“Well let’s get this party started I saw Derek and Kate in the kitchen so everyone is here.” Ben said before leading everyone over to the crowd of children surrounding Senior as he told a story to all of them loving every one of his grandchildren even though some were not his by blood. He had the thought everything worked out the way God intended the healing of hearts and the growing of families even if not with blood but by hearts.




Thank you for enjoying my first book and I hope more will follow. I drive a truck cross country for my day job and had always wanted to write and now have the chance. I call Nevada home but have been all over this country so my stories may show different areas of the country.

